Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1695: 1695 was in the midst of a breakthrough and was severely injured

"Let's go to the Sea of flames!"

Wang Xian looted all the treasures in the entire crystal sea. In the crystal houses of the two dragon emperors, Wang Xian even found quite a number of longevity-level materials.

He moved his body and flew directly in the direction of the Sea of flames.

The mountain of flames was at the bottom of the Sea of flames. There, there was an incomparably huge mountain of flames.

The Flaming Mountain did not erupt. There were dozens of fire dragons there.

If the crystal sea here could be compared to the life and Death Herb Garden, the flaming sea could be compared to the weapon peak. It was even rarer than the weapon peak.

Paradise!

"On the continent, the resources controlled by hundreds of billions of humans are not as much as the resources controlled by hundreds of thousands of dragons. This is the reason why the dragons are so powerful!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

When he first received the information about the dragons, Wang Xian was still very shocked. Now, the strength of the Dragons made him very happy.

The stronger they were, the faster his strength would increase.

In just half a year, he would be able to increase by one level. He would have the strength of a level three longevity warrior. In a year, he might be able to increase by another level.

In three to five years, he might be able to have the strength of a level eight or nine longevity warrior.

Wang Xian thought happily as he flew towards the Sea of flames.

His speed was very fast. With the addition of teleportation, he arrived at the area of the Sea of flames after more than ten hours.

There was a gigantic volcano standing at the bottom of the sea.

From Afar, the entire sea was extremely red.

The volcano covered an area of 40 to 50 kilometers.

Above the volcano, there was an entrance.

The surroundings were surrounded by flaming two-headed turtles, two flaming heads, and a seven to eight-meter-long heavy turtle shell on their back. It looked like it was about to explode.

"The flaming two-headed turtle is only a demonic beast with a level eight Seethrough bloodline. It seems like the strength of the Dragons in the volcano should be about the same as the ones in the Crystal Sea!"

Wang Xian stared at his surroundings with his yin-yang fire dragon eyes. He could not see through the interior of the volcano due to the terrifying flames.

"Let's go in!"

He swept his gaze across the flaming two-headed turtle in his surroundings. He swayed his huge body and flew over to devour them one by one.

The flaming two-headed turtle with a level eight Seethrough bloodline was no longer able to resist him.

It didn't even let out a scream.

After devouring it, Wang Xian immediately flew toward the entrance of the Flaming Mountain.

He floated to the entrance and looked down. A space with a radius of 40 to 50 kilometers appeared in his line of sight.

Inside, the boiling flame lava emitted an extremely terrifying temperature.

More than a dozen fire dragons were swimming inside.

In the depths of the flaming mountain, there were a few huge figures.

"You can die now!"

Wang Xian swayed his huge figure and entered the interior of the Flaming Mountain.

In the flame lava, more than ten dragon clan members at the Seethrough level saw Wang Xian flying over and immediately looked up.

"What kind of creature is this?"

A Dragon Clan member looked at Wang Xian's huge body and revealed a surprised expression.

"I don't know. With such a huge body, it's not bad to be our Mount!"

A dragon beside him said faintly.

They were not afraid of Wang Xian at all.

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian heard their discussion, a look of amusement appeared in his eyes.

The dragons from the transcendence continent had been invincible for too long!

Boom

His body accelerated abruptly. His huge dragon mouth started to swallow the dragons one by one.

With a body size of 800 meters, his mouth was even bigger than theirs.

With one mouth, he devoured more than a dozen dragons!

"Despicable creatures, how dare you eat our Dragon Disciples!"

A furious voice came from below. It was as if the entire volcano was about to erupt.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The explosive lava shot out in all directions. One by one, bodies emitting a terrifying aura flew out from the lava.

"Eh? What a terrifying aura!"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment. His pupils contracted slightly as he stared at the dozen or so dragons that flew out.

The three dragons in the middle were the largest. They had a huge body of 50 meters and a pair of flaming wings that were 100 meters long.

"There are two at the third level of longevity, five at the second level of longevity, and the rest are all at the first level of longevity!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Wang Xian felt waves of terrifying aura and revealed a surprised expression.

"I was a little careless!"

He initially thought that the members of the dragon race here were similar to the ones in the crystal sea. He did not expect the difference to be so huge.

There were actually two people at level three of longevity and five people at level two of longevity!

The rest were also at level one of longevity!

"However, I can deal with them. If I devour all of them, I can accumulate at least half of the Dragon Crystals!"

Wang Xian's eyes were burning hot, and his entire body was filled with fighting spirit.

"Bastard, how Dare You Kill My Dragon Disciples? I will tear you into pieces!"

All the members of the dragon race stared at Wang Xian, and their eyes were filled with brutality.

Feeling the attraction from his bloodline, the more than ten members of the Dragon Race became even more violent.

"Roar, I want to eat you!"

In an instant, a dragon of the third level of longevity charged directly at Wang Xian.

The exploding flames and his extremely cold eyes gave Wang Xian a slight shock.

Boom

"Five elements millstone, yin and yang Poles!"

Wang Xian roared loudly. The five elements millstone and yin and Yang Taiji appeared above and below him, covering the entire volcano.

"Level 3 longevity, no wonder you dared to devour the members of My Dragon Race!"

"However, my dragon race is the strongest race. Go To Hell, you lowly creature!"

"Explosive Flame Domain!"

The ferocious dragon race powerhouse who flew over felt the pressure from the five elements millstone and the yin and yang poles. His expression changed slightly.

However, a sinister look appeared in his eyes.

The dragon race was powerful not only because they had many powerhouses. No creature of the same level was their match.

"Kill this reckless creature and let them know the consequences of provoking the dragon race!"

In the lava, another dragon who was at level three of longevity let out a loud roar. He flapped his huge wings and attacked Wang Xian directly.

"Explosive Flame Domain!"

"Explosive Flame Domain!"

A series of violent voices came out from the mouths of the Dragons.

They flapped their huge wings and attacked Wang Xian directly.

"What?"

Feeling the suppression of the domains, Wang Xian was slightly shocked.

"Explosive fire pillar!"

The level three dragon who was the first to charge over spat out a fire pillar from his mouth.

The fire pillar shot towards Wang Xian, who was 10,000 meters above the ground.

"Roar, extinguish!"

Wang Xian opened his mouth and gray flames shot out from his mouth to meet the explosive fire pillar!

Boom! Boom

The gray flames were like ice, extinguishing the explosive fire pillar.

"What! You can actually block my explosive fire pillar!"

Seeing that his attack was blocked, the level 3 longevity dragon was shocked. He widened his eyes and roared!

"Fire Dragon Wings!"

His two gigantic dragon wings stirred up the sky-high flames and continued to charge toward Wang Xian's gray flames.

The fire dragon wings dissipated, and so did Wang Xian's attack.

Upon seeing this scene, Wang Xian frowned with a serious expression on his face.