Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1696: 1696 had a breakthrough and was severely injured

He was in trouble!

At this moment, Wang Xian knew that he had been careless.

Perhaps it was because he had been leveling up rapidly during this period of time that made him feel proud. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ever since he came to the volcanic sea, he had never placed the dragons here in his eyes.

Even when he saw the two dragon clan powerhouses who were at level three of longevity, he still did not place them in his heart.

That was because, based on his strength, he was at level eight of the Seethrough Void Tier and had the combat strength of level three of longevity.

Moreover, he could at least fight against four opponents of the same level within level three of longevity.

However, this was for other creatures and didn't include the Dragon Clan powerhouses.

After a collision, Wang Xian completely realized the strength of the Dragon Clan.

It wasn't because they controlled a lot of resources, but because of their own strength.

A dragon could at least deal with two humans of the same level.

Compared to the members of the Dragon Palace, they were only slightly weaker.

With his current strength, he could only fight two rank three Wanshou Dragon experts.

However, in this flaming mountain, it was the home of the dragon race.

It was very difficult for him to kill two rank three Wanshou dragon experts in this war.

"Roar! Kill this despicable creature and eat his flesh and blood!"

At the lower position, another dragon emperor who was at level three of longevity let out a wild roar. He flapped his huge wings and charged over.

The other five Dragon Emperors who were at level two of longevity followed closely behind him and attacked Wang Xian without any fear.

The fire dragon wings flapped and huge dragon wings covered Wang Xian completely.

"Yin and yang Poles!"

Wang Xian waved his dragon claws. Numerous yin and yang patterns appeared around his body to fend off the attacks of the dragon wings of the fire dragon.

"Flaming Rocks!"

The level three Dragon Emperor of longevity who had just started his attack wagged his tail. A fiery red glow fell into the lava and stirred.

The densely packed flaming rocks attacked Wang Xian directly.

The volcano within a radius of tens of kilometers had turned into a terrifying battlefield.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The attacks landed on the yin-yang Taiji diagram, causing the entire diagram to tremble rapidly.

Crack! Crack! Crack

Soon, cracks appeared on the Taiji diagram. Wang Xian's eyes revealed a serious expression.

"Dragon Kingdom in the Palm!"

"Dragon head under the Heavens!"

"Dragon Body of ten thousand miles!"

"Divine dragon swishing its tail!"

He roared four times in a row. His entire dragon body expanded at a terrifying speed.

A terrifying creature that was at least 20,000 meters long filled the entire volcano.

The gigantic volcano was instead like a small house.

"Roar, what kind of creature is this? How can it be so terrifying!"

"Heaven and earth species. It's definitely a heaven and earth species. There's a desire in my bloodline. If we devour it, it will be very beneficial to us!"

A dragon emperor of level three longevity stared at Wang Xian in shock as he roared loudly.

"We Dragons are invincible. So what if they are heaven and earth mutants? In front of the Mighty Dragon Race, we can only die. Devour them!"

Another Dragon Emperor of level three longevity was filled with violent killing intent as he roared loudly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The surrounding level two and level one dragon emperors of longevity responded with roars.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

More than ten Dragon Emperors of the Dragon Clan roared into the sky at the same time. The entire volcano began to boil.

"Explosive flame domain, explode!"

"Explosive flame domain, explode!"

All the Dragon Emperors roared loudly. The entire volcano erupted completely. Lava gushed out from the bottom of the sea and filled the entire space.

Bang

Wang Xian raised his gigantic dragon claws and attacked the dozen Dragon Emperors directly.

"Ahhhh!"

The terrifying dragon claws swept across and the three Dragon Emperors who were at the first level of longevity let out miserable cries.

The terrifying physical strength and the power of the Yin and Yang Five Elements made the three dragon emperors who were at the first level of longevity not have the strength to resist at all.

They died immediately after being hit by one strike.

"Kill the experts of my dragon race. After today, my dragon race will definitely chase you to the ends of the Earth!"

The two dragon emperors, who were at the third level of longevity, roared furiously when they saw the three experts of their race who died instantly.

"There is no one in the entire transcendence continent that our dragon race can not kill. My Dragon Race will betray you and Die!"

The furious roar came from the Dragon Emperor's mouth.

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly, and his heart was filled with hatred.

"If that's the case, I just need to kill all of you!"

A violent killing intent surged in Wang Xian's heart.

The battle this time was due to his carelessness and arrogance.

The mistake had already been made. If he wanted to escape now, he was afraid that the dragon race would use all their strength to destroy him.

One must know that many factions knew that he had transformed into a divine dragon.

Once he was targeted by the Dragon tribe now, his future development would be in trouble!

It would be fine if they didn't see his form. Now, they could only kill all of them!

"I don't believe that I can't kill all of You!"

"Yin-yang five elements alms bowl!"

Wang Xian growled with a cold face. Almost all of his dharmic forms were unleashed.

"The wrath of the Dragon Race!"

Below, the two dragon emperors, who were at the third level of longevity, stared at Wang Xian. They were also filled with violent killing intent.

With a loud roar, the entire volcano erupted with a loud bang.

Boom

The earth shook. From the outside, one could see that the entire seabed seemed to have experienced a magnitude-10 earthquake.

One had to know that this was an ocean that was 30,000 to 40,000 meters deep!

Buzz

A pillar of fire that was equivalent to the power of four to five nuclear bombs charged directly at Wang Xian.

Hiss

Wang Xian looked at this incomparably terrifying pillar of fire and inhaled a breath of cold air.

"Void!"

The Yin-yang five elements alms bowl on his body was activated to the maximum. His entire body turned illusory.

At the same time, his two gigantic dragon claws attacked the two dragon race experts around the level three longevity dragon emperor.

"What? He actually dodged this move!"

The two level three longevity dragon emperors were shocked when they saw the power of the volcanic eruption penetrating through Wang Xian's phantom image.

Buzz

"Die!"

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of Pain were heard. The two dragons around the level three longevity dragon emperor were struck by Wang Xian's terrifying dragon claws.

Even the level two longevity dragon emperor was killed in one move.

Five level two longevity dragon emperors were killed!

The other seven to eight level one longevity dragon emperors were also killed.

Wang Xian opened his huge mouth and swallowed them!

"Die for us, Dragon Race's fire scale!"

"Dragon Race's fire scale!"

The other two level three longevity dragon emperors saw this scene and their eyes were extremely red.

Their wings trembled and their tails swayed. Densely packed fire scales that covered a radius of dozens of kilometers charged at Wang Xian.

The terrifying scene was like a meteorite falling from the sky when it landed in a city on Earth.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The terrifying attacks caused the yin-yang five elements alms bowl to tremble. Some of the places that were hit consecutively were torn apart.

Three to four meters of fire scales landed on Wang Xian's body, tearing open huge wounds!