Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1697: 1697’s desperate battle

Crash

The fire scales landed on Wang Xian's gigantic body that was over 20,000 meters long. Fresh blood dripped down like rain.

Each fire scale could tear open a wound that was over 1,000 meters long. The instantaneous attack caused Wang Xian's body to be filled with wounds.

Hiss

Feeling the immense pain from his body, Wang Xian's eyes shot out a terrifying look.

The Yin-yang five elements alms bowl actually cracked under the attacks of the two dragon emperors of the third level of the longevity dragon tribe.

The powerful Dharma Idol that was almost invincible among the same level was actually broken.

"Go to hell!"

Wang Xian swung his gigantic dragon tail and attacked the two fire dragons directly.

"Fire Dragon Shield!"

The two Dragon Emperors roared in a violent manner. A fire dragon shield that was dozens of kilometers in size was erected to meet Wang Xian's dragon tail.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The terrifying collision caused cracks to appear on the Fire Dragon Shield.

"Five elements annihilation!"

The five-colored radiance on Wang Xian's dragon tail flickered. The immense power and five elements annihilation were fluctuating.

"This is bad. What kind of creature is this guy? He is even more terrifying than US dragons when they are of the same level!"

The two dragon emperors were shocked. They flapped their huge wings and quickly dodged to the side.

"Bang!"

However, Wang Xian's terrifying strength landed on the two Dragon Emperors.

The two dragon emperors were like flies as they crashed into the wall of the volcano.

Their entire bodies sank into the wall.

Wang Xian smiled coldly. He opened his gigantic dragon mouth and charged straight at the two dragon emperors.

A grayish destructive force charged at the two dragon emperors.

"Ah! No matter what kind of creature you are, you will die today!"

The two dragon emperors'bodies were embedded into the volcano, and a large amount of blood flowed out of their mouths.

They raised their heads at the same time, and a wave of rotating flames rushed toward the grayish destructive power.

The two rotating fire pillars blocked the power of the five elements.

"I am the Fire Dragon, the flame sovereign king. The fire in the world is under my control. The Flames enter my dragon body and spread my dragon flames!"

The two Dragon Emperors roared loudly. Rolling Flames gathered on their bodies.

The entire volcano seemed to be attracted by a terrifying force. Endless lava gushed out. In an instant, the bodies of the two dragon emperors grew hundreds of times larger.

Boom! Boom Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Flapping their wings, the two dragon emperors attacked Wang Xian's body from both sides.

Wang Xian's face was solemn. His dragon claws clawed at one of the Dragon Emperors. The powerful dragon claws of the five elements and yin and yang were almost indestructible.

When they landed on the Dragon Emperor's body, they immediately scraped off pieces of the lava.

However, this did not cause much damage to them.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

However, each of the attacks from the two dragon emperors landed on Wang Xian's body, tearing a wound that was thousands of meters long.

"Five Elements Millstone!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he let out a loud roar and activated his Dharma Idol, five elements millstone.

"Bang!"

The Dharma Idol, the five elements millstone, used a weapon and charged straight at the two dragon emperors.

Every time they collided, it was like a volcano erupting. The two dragon emperors, who were engulfed in flames, spurted out blood from their mouths!

"Damned creatures, damned ants. I swear that I will tear your bones and skin you alive!"

One of the Dragon Emperors roared furiously. The flaming mountain beneath him trembled.

Boom! Boom! Boom

A terrifying temperature was transmitted from the bottom of the flaming mountain. It was as if the entire volcano was about to erupt.

"Ram!"

Wang Xian placed his dragon claw on the five elements grinding dharma idol and pressed it down heavily.

Bang! Bang! Bang

The five elements grinding dharma idol cracked slowly. However, the flames around the two dragon emperors collapsed rapidly. Cracks even appeared on their bodies.

One of the Dragon Emperors'wings even melted under the powerful force of the five elements.

"Explode!"

The two Dragon Emperors roared loudly. The entire volcano shook again and the space within began to collapse.

The battle between Wang Xian and the rest was like a world-ending battle. The volcano collapsed.

The lava rocks below were like terrifying rockets that shot straight at Wang Xian.

There were at least hundreds of thousands of lava rocks!

Wang Xian's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene. His body shrunk rapidly and soon, he was only a dozen meters in size.

He quickly dodged the lava rocks one by one.

However, there were too many lava rocks and they almost covered the entire sky.

One of the lava rocks landed on Wang Xian's body and was shattered by him.

However, the densely packed lava stones caused him to spit out blood.

"What a powerful Dragon!"

Wang Xian's face was a little pale. His pair of dragon eyes stared fixedly at the two dragon emperors. Gritting his teeth, he pounced toward them.

"Circulate the five elements, the pinnacle of Fire!"

Wang Xian swooped down. The five-colored radiance on his body began to transform and eventually turned into a flaming divine dragon.

"It's time to fight with my physical body!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with raging flames as he circulated the flames on his body with all his might.

"You dare to charge at me? Go To Hell!"

The two dragon emperors in the lava saw Wang Xian dived down and flapped their wings ferociously.

The flaming wings carried the power of the volcano. The lava turned into a long spear and pierced toward Wang Xian.

"Suppress!"

The Flames on Wang Xian's body trembled. An invisible aura suppressed all the fire attributes in the space!

"What?"

"What the hell is this monster?"

The two Dragon Emperors looked embarrassed when they saw the flames around them had completely calmed down.

"You think that we dragons are afraid of you when it comes to physical strength? We are the strongest existences in the entire continent!"

One of the dragon emperors gritted his teeth and charged towards Wang Xian. His huge flaming wings emitted a deep red glow.

"Roar!"

The other Dragon Emperor roared and charged forward as well.

They were not afraid of a physical strength competition.

"Bang!"

A collision sent them flying backward.

Wang Xian's expression changed.

After all, he was only at the eighth level of the Seethrough realm. Even though the Divine Dragon had a terrifying physical body, his realm was too high.

Furthermore, the dragons from the supernatural continent could be considered as a weak dragon.

"I must kill them!"

A terrifying killing intent shot out from Wang Xian's eyes. The five-colored light on his dragon claws flickered as light and darkness enveloped him.

It was the same for his dragon head. When he unleashed his full strength, his pair of dragon horns looked extremely divine.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The collision and slaughter of physical bodies was a very cruel and bloody confrontation.

After a few consecutive collisions, the bodies of the two dragon emperors and Wang Xian were filled with injuries.

However, at this moment, Wang Xian's body emitted a faint power of light, which was healing his injuries.

He smiled sinisterly and continued to attack the two dragon emperors.

"Damn it, if this continues, we will die!"

When the two dragon emperors saw that Wang Xian was gradually recovering from his injuries, their hearts sank.

"Go to Hell, you bunch of Arrogant Fellows!"

Wang Xian flew over, waved his dragon claws, and swept his divine dragon. It was the most primitive form of physical confrontation!