Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1698: In 1698’s fierce battle

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

Dull attacks rang out in the volcano. From the outside, it sounded as though the volcano was about to erupt.

The Dragon Claws tore apart, the dragon mouth tore apart, and the dragon tail swept across.

Wang Xian and the two dragon emperors trembled as they collided. Fresh blood splattered everywhere.

Compared to Wang Xian, the two dragon emperors looked even more miserable.

One of the dragon emperors had his wings melted during the battle just now, and there were more than ten cracks on the other wing. All of them were torn apart by Wang Xian.

The other Dragon Emperor's dragon horns were all torn off by Wang Xian.

As for Wang Xian, he was obviously much better than the two of them.

"If this goes on, we will be killed by this creature!"

"Roar! We are the strongest creatures on the continent. No creature of the same level is our match!"

The two Dragon Emperors were still roaring. The appearance of Wang Xian was destroying their long-held belief in invincibility. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, if they knew that Wang Xian was only at level eight of the Seethrough Void Tier, they didn't know if their belief would collapse completely.

"Detonate the volcano!"

One of the Dragon Emperors suddenly looked down and roared in embarrassment.

The other Dragon Emperor looked hesitant. In the end, he gritted his teeth!

"Bang! Bang!"

Just as the two Dragon Emperors were in a daze, Wang Xian's dragon claws landed on their bodies and tore open numerous wounds.

"Bastard, you shall stay here today!"

The two dragon emperors fell into the lava with furious expressions.

Their bodies rolled and flew directly into the lava.

"You are the ones who will stay here!"

Wang Xian swayed his body and flew straight down.

He was still controlling his attributes to suppress the surrounding flames with all his might.

Boom

The moment he entered the lava, a terrifying impact was transmitted to him, causing him to lose control of the power of the suppression of the flames.

"This is bad. They have detonated the volcano. They want to make the volcano erupt!"

"Such a terrifying volcano has erupted completely. It's a completely indiscriminate attack!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. He didn't expect the two dragon emperors to be so crazy.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Flames came crashing over and Wang Xian's body was sent flying.

In his vision, the entire planet seemed to have exploded as endless rolling lava came crashing over.

What would happen if a volcano with a radius of 50 to 60 kilometers erupted completely?

Such a volcano that had been deposited at the bottom of the sea for tens of thousands of meters wasn't something that the ocean volcanoes on Earth could compare to.

Streams of flames rushed over, and the walls around the flames collapsed completely.

Wang Xian saw the two dragon emperors spreading their wings and flying toward the sky.

"They want to escape!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. He gritted his teeth and rushed over directly.

If he let them escape, he would definitely attract the attention of the entire dragon race. He couldn't let them escape.

Wang Xian moved his body and attacked the two dragon emperors directly.

The lava that was spewing out landed on his body, causing his skin to turn red.

The lava rocks that were spewing out collided with his body, causing his dragon scales to fall off.

"Do you think we are escaping?"

At this moment, the two dragon emperors were suspended in the air above the impact of the lava. They stared at Wang Xian with cold eyes.

"Let's go all out. Let's go all out and drown him!"

They flapped their huge wings. Streams of flames gathered around them. Two columns of fire shot toward Wang Xian from above.

"Crafty Bastard!"

Wang Xian's face was gloomy. He looked at the volcano erupting at the bottom of the sea. Gritting his teeth, he charged forward.

The columns of fire landed on his body, causing his dragon scales to fall off, revealing the flesh and blood inside.

He did not dodge or block it. The dragon energy in his body was being depleted rapidly, healing the injuries in his body.

"Stupid Thing!"

When the two dragon emperors saw that Wang Xian did not dodge at all, they flapped their dragon wings even faster.

"Soul Catcher!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's Yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes emitted a hint of blood. The power of soul catcher charged directly at the two dragon emperors.

The two dragon emperors were slightly stunned. Their attacks slowed down and Wang Xian teleported to the front of the two Dragon Emperors.

He opened his mouth and swallowed the two dragon emperors forcefully.

"You want to swallow me? Go To Hell!"

However, when the other dragon emperor was halfway through swallowing, an attack landed on his body.

Instantly, Wang Xian was in an extremely miserable state. He endured the pain and swallowed the Dragon Emperor into his stomach.

"I've finally exterminated them. This time, I was too arrogant and careless!"

Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He smiled bitterly as he felt his broken body.

In the past half a year, he had been too arrogant and complacent.

Today, he had taught him a good lesson.

He had almost fallen into the hands of two Dragon Emperors.

The Dragons in this world were not so easy to deal with.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a towering flame came from below. This caused Wang Xian's bitter smile to freeze completely. A hint of fear flashed in his eyes.

"Oh no!"

The volcanic eruption in the deep sea within a radius of 50 to 60 kilometers caused an impact force that was not inferior to that of a level three dragon emperor of longevity.

With Wang Xian's broken body, it was difficult for him to withstand this attack.

However, before he could think about it and react, the flames struck his body.

His body was almost torn apart in an instant.

His entire dragon body was ejected from the surface of the water by the powerful force.

Wang Xian's consciousness began to blur. He quickly used up his dragon aura to heal the injuries in his body.

However, the injuries in his body were simply too severe!

He flew far away with the remnants of his consciousness. However, he did not know how long it took before he fell into the sea.

Under his self-protection, his dragon body shrunk to one meter in size.

This body size was similar to the one he had become a divine dragon not long ago.

His entire dragon body was more like a rotting corpse.

The eruption of the volcano caused a tsunami within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers. Along with the waves of the tsunami, his dragon body also floated on the surface of the sea.

"Miss, that creature seems to be dead. We have to hurry!"

"Wait for Xiaoqu. It's still alive. Look, this creature is so cute, but its neck seems to have received a fatal injury and hasn't recovered!"

"Third sister, come here quickly. How long do we have to wait for You?"

In front of the Golden Beach, a huge team stopped by the side.

At the beach, a gentle woman was holding an unconscious creature and standing there with a servant girl beside her.

In front of them, a young man's stern voice could be heard.

"I'm going back to the carriage!"

The woman looked at the young man's stern gaze and hurriedly walked into the carriage with the creature in her arms.

"What are you carrying? Don't bring anything messy with you!"

The young man looked at the creature in the woman's arms and frowned as he shouted.

However, the woman lowered her head and did not respond to him. Instead, she quickly walked into the carriage.

"What a careless move. If we go to the imperial capital and provoke the young devil, our family clan will also suffer!"

The young man said from behind and directly returned to the carriage!