Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1699: 1699 regained consciousness

"Xiao Qu, what kind of fierce beast is this? Look at his scales, they are actually five-colored, so beautiful!"

"He is injured, but his breathing is normal. I'll give him some pills!"

"Miss, these are void interpretation level pills, you're wasting them!"

"It's okay, I quite like this creature. If he wakes up, I'll raise him. Don't you think he's very cute? Our River City doesn't have such a beautiful pet!"

"Miss, don't you think this pet is majestic? Look at his head, a few whiskers, and those colorful antlers. He looks so Majestic!"

"No, I think he's super cute. I've decided to cure him and make him my pet. When I get to the imperial city, I'll have someone to accompany me!"

"Miss, I'll always be with you. Young Master Mo Shaoyu might be a handsome and cool guy. It might be a good thing for you to marry him!"

The huge group moved quickly. In a carriage, a gentle woman was holding a creature and talking to a servant girl.

The creature's head was like a camel, its horns like a deer, its eyes like a rabbit, its ears like a cow, its neck like a snake, its belly like a clam, its scales like a carp, its claws like an eagle, and its palms like a tiger.

Its entire form was extremely majestic. However, because it was only one meter in size, its slender body made it look a little cute.

"You said that it has already been three days. I gave him several profound void tier two medicinal pills. Why hasn't he woken up yet?"

The entire group was moving at high speed. Two days later, a gentle female's curious voice came from within the carriage.

"Young miss, I don't know either. The injury on his neck hasn't healed yet. Logically speaking, with so many medicinal pills, he should be able to wake up!"

Xiao Qu shook her head, indicating that she didn't know.

"Why do you think he fainted by the beach? Fortunately, we found him. Some fierce beasts saw him and might have eaten him!"

The gentle woman touched the creature's head with her hand and touched his antlers, saying with affection.

"Miss, do you think this is an undersea volcanic eruption that washed up on the shore?"

Xiao Qu guessed.

"How is that possible? That volcano erupted a year ago!"

The gentle lady shook her head immediately.

Wang Xian was unconscious. He had no idea how long he had been unconscious and where he was.

Vaguely, he heard the voices of two ladies talking beside his ears.

"Volcanic eruption? A year ago?"

His dragon eyes moved and he was slightly shocked.

"Miss, his eyes moved. He might be waking up!"

At this moment, a cry of surprise came from the side.

Wang Xian opened his eyes and realized that he was lying on a woman's body. A woman beside him was staring at him curiously.

"He's really awake. He's really awake!"

The gentle woman revealed a pleasantly surprised expression as she sized him up.

The one who was saved was naturally Wang Xian.

Feeling his weakness and such a small body, Wang Xian slowly got up.

"Thank you for saving me. I will repay you in the future!"

Wang Xian moved his body and leaned on the table beside him as he spoke indifferently.

However, what surprised him was that after he opened his mouth and spoke, there was actually no sound coming out.

He frowned slightly and felt the injury on his neck.

"The injury on my neck hasn't recovered yet?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he felt his strength.

Wang Xian had to expend a huge amount of energy to cast soul capture on his neck.

Soul capture was just a very special supernatural ability. It was already considered good if he could make an opponent of the same level stunned for a second.

At the moment when the two dragon emperors were stunned, he devoured them.

However, one of the Dragon Emperors reacted and launched a terrifying attack at him before he was devoured.

The attack penetrated through his neck directly, causing him to be unable to make a sound.

However, Wang Xian could also send voice transmissions to others through his consciousness.

"My injuries have not even recovered by one percent. My current strength is only at level nine of the Void Interpretation Stage!"

Wang Xian didn't send a voice transmission to the two women beside him immediately. He frowned slightly as he felt the injuries on his body.

He could use his dragon energy to recover his injuries directly. However, he realized that the consumption of dragon energy was too terrifying.

It could even lower his level.

If he were to recover every day, it would take at least a few months.

Forget it. If I don't encounter any danger, I'll just recover slowly

Wang Xian thought to himself.

"Xiao Qu, look at his eyes. They seem to be filled with wisdom. Is He a Demon Beast?"

"With such a small body, even a demon beast should be a Baby Demon Beast, right?"

Just as Wang Xian was thinking, the gentle voice of a lady suddenly rang in his ears.

Wang Xian's face turned black when he heard her words. A Baby Demon Beast?

What the hell?

Looking at the lady sizing him up, Wang Xian laid on the table coldly, recovering from his injuries.

"Wow, you look so cold and arrogant. It's so cool. Don't be afraid, little guy. I Won't Hurt You!"

"What's Your Name? HMM? Let Me Give You a human name. How about Mu Banlan? How about it? Your body is colorful. This name SUITS YOU WELL!"

The Gentle Lady's voice rang out. She stared at Wang Xian with a face full of love.

"Miss, this name is nice to hear. It's colorful and colorful. Hehe, but it's cuter to call it Xiao Ban Lan!"

Xiao Qu, who was at the side, said with a smile.

"HMM, not bad, Xiao Ban Lan. Hehe, are you a demonic beast? I'll teach you how to speak in the future!"

The gentle lady said without feeling bored, "My name is Mu Cai Er. Isn't it nice to hear?"

Wang Xian opened his eyes indifferently and shot a glance at Mu Cai'er. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Little variegated beauty might be a little shy. Miss, it might be afraid as it has just gone through a disaster!"

Xiao Qu guessed when she saw Wang Xian lying there quietly.

"Yes, it should be. Oh right, little variegated beauty, you haven't eaten for a few days, right? Here's some food!"

Mu Cai'er took out some food as she spoke.

Wang Xian looked at the food and suddenly felt hungry. He didn't know how long he had been unconscious!

He hesitated for a moment before grabbing the food and swallowing it!

"Ah, miss, look. He ate it. In a few days, he will be close to you!"

Xiao Qu's voice rang out, and Wang Xian's face turned black.

No matter what, he had the combat strength of a level three longevity expert. He was now considered a powerhouse on the continent, yet he was given a name by two women and given food.

He had to bear with it for the time being!

Wang Xian ate the food and continued to recover from the injuries in his body.

It was safer here. He was not prepared to leave for the time being. Furthermore, he knew that Mu Cai'er had saved him from the seaside and fed him a few insightful void tier elixirs.

He, Wang Xian, naturally had to repay this favor!

He would leave after he recovered his combat strength of a longevity expert!

Wang Xian thought to himself as he lay there motionlessly!