Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1700: 1700 new masters of the nine gods

The carriage continued to move forward. Wang Xian, who had just woken up, was able to recover very quickly.

However, the wound on his neck was a little fatal. It would take a few days for him to fully recover.

"We should be arriving at the imperial capital in six days. Little Gorgeous only knows how to sleep all day. She has already slept for two days!"

After traveling for two days, the servant, Xiao Qu, looked at Wang Xian who was lying on the ground and said with a wrinkled nose.

"Children might be a little lethargic. Let Him Sleep!"

Mu Cai'er touched Wang Xian's dragon horn and said with a smile.

"I wonder what the new Master of the nine gods will announce this time!"

Mu Cai'er said with some concern.

"Miss, some people say that the new lord of the nine gods is extremely cruel, while others say that he doesn't really take care of anything other than a large number of medicinal pills and spiritual herbs. He basically leaves everything to the old Devil God and the Fire Cloud Sparrow Patriarch!"

"The Fire Cloud Sparrow Patriarch assisted the number one empress of the continent in the past. At that time, the empress was kind-hearted and kind-hearted. Since the fire cloud patriarch was able to leave the Phoenix dynasty because of the Empress'death, he must be a person who values friendship. He shouldn't be too cruel!"

Xiao Qu, who was at the side, analyzed.

"But that's the case!"

Mu Cai'er nodded.

However, Wang Xian, who was lying on the side, was stunned when he heard their conversation. A look of astonishment appeared on his face.

The new master of the nine gods!

The Fire Cloud Patriarch!

He slowly opened his eyes. There was an inexplicable glow in his eyes as he revealed a faint smile.

"It seems that Mo sha has successfully taken over the position of the Lord of the nine gods!"

"However, why did the fire Lark Tribe suddenly join the demonic god Tribe?"

Wang Xian revealed a curious expression.

Furthermore, there was another thing. He might really have been unconscious for a year!

"I can hitch a ride to find Mo Sha!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he closed his eyes and continued to recover from his injuries.

Time passed day by day. Another six days had passed and Wang Xian's injuries had finally recovered a little. His strength had returned to the realm of longevity.

With this strength, he was completely capable of protecting himself.

"We're here. The imperial capital is right in front of us. Xiao Banlan, don't sleep anymore!"

"Miss, this is the third time we've come to the imperial capital, right?"

Mu Cai'er and Xiao Qu's voices were heard. Soon after, Wang Xian felt himself being hugged by someone.

Wang Xian's body moved and broke free. He was floating on Mu Cai'er's left shoulder.

He looked ahead and looked at this huge city that was like a miracle.

Ten Mountains stood behind the city.

The first one on the left was a golden mountain peak that was shining with golden light!

The second one was a tree peak that was full of vitality and vines!

The third one was a water peak that fell from the sky!

The fourth one was a fire peak that was like a volcano!

The fifth one was covered in nine-colored light. The words "Master of the Nine Gods"were written majestically on it.

The sixth one was an earthy yellow mountain peak!

Behind it were wind peaks, thunder peaks that were surrounded by lightning, dark peaks that were shrouded in darkness, and dazzling light peaks.

The ten peaks were like two enormous palms. They were known as the ten-fingered divine peaks on the continent.

It was said that the nine gods of the nine God Empire had built cities!

Each of these ten peaks contained an incomparably terrifying power. When the ten peaks were combined, they could form a terrifying array.

It was said that even the dragon race could not break through this array.

This was the nine gods empire, one of the five great empires on the continent. It had a powerful foundation.

And the Master of the nine gods could be said, without any exaggeration, to be one of the five people with the greatest power in the entire human race.

In front of the ten-fingered divine peak, there was a very rough and huge city.

Every building was incomparably huge. This city was like a giant city. Each floor was dozens of meters tall.

The style was similar to the giant city in ancient Roman mythology.

There were many people heading to the imperial capital of the nine God Empire. The carriage followed the team through the huge city gate and headed to the rear.

"There are so many people from the demon God tribe in the city!"

Xiao Qu looked around in surprise, looking at the residents of the Demon God tribe.

"According to the rules of the nine God Empire, whichever tribe leader becomes the leader of the nine God tribe, the imperial capital will belong to that tribe!"

"Of course, there are also many factions that have always lived in the imperial capital!"

Mu Cai'er swept her gaze across the surroundings as she spoke.

The carriage traveled forward for another five hours before arriving in front of the Wood God Peak.

"The rest of you, disperse. Cai'er, the few of you will follow me to my residence!"

A middle-aged voice sounded in front of the wood god peak.

Mu Cai'er's father was a profound void ninth level expert of the Wood God tribe. He held the position of an elder in the tribe.

He was qualified to live in the Wood God Peak. As for his subordinates, they lived in the city.

"Jian Shi, Ling Dong, Cai'er, make friends with the young elites of the demon god Tribe Tonight!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"And Cai'er, get along well with the grandson of the elder of the demon god Tribe!"

Mu Cai'er's father led Mu Cai'er and the others to the courtyard at the foot of the mountain. He instructed his children.

"It's father!"

The three immediately nodded and watched their father leave.

"We're a little late this time. Third Sister, go to your room and quickly get dressed. Hurry up, we're going over now!"

The two youths looked at Mu Cai'er and frowned as they said.

"It's eldest brother and second brother!"

Mu Cai'er immediately lowered her head and replied.

"HMPH, you only know how to bully young miss. Eldest Young Master and second young master are really annoying!"

Mu Cai'er brought Xiao Qu into the room as Xiao Qu pouted and said unhappily.

"Xiao Qu, lower your voice!"

Mu Cai'er hurriedly said.

"Young miss, why are you being bullied by them? Their talent is not as good as yours, and their strength is not even on par with yours. They still dare to bully you. Is it because they were born from a concubine? Is it because young miss is a girl and wants to marry? Master is really unfair!"

Xiao Qu continued to say with dissatisfaction.

"Alright, Xiao Qu, if others hear your words, I won't be able to save you!"

Mu Cai'er frowned when she heard Xiao Qu's words.

"Oh!"

Xiao Qu lowered her head and said 'Oh'when she heard the Miss'tone.

Mu Cai'er glanced at her and sighed. She went into the room and quickly dressed up.

"Are you done yet!"

Not long after, an impatient voice came from outside.

"Alright, I'm Here!"

Mu Cai'er picked up Wang Xian who was beside her. However, he dodged her and floated on her shoulder. He continued to close his eyes.

"Humph, it should be a young master. Otherwise, why wouldn't I be allowed to hug him?"

Mu Cai'er teased him and walked out immediately.

"HMM? Why are you still carrying this broken pet that you picked up? There will be elite disciples from various tribes in the nine God Empire later!"

At the door, two handsome young men frowned and shouted when they saw the creature floating beside Mu Cai'er.