Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1701: On the mysterious PET 1701

"It's Alright, Big Brother and second brother. The little multicolored one is very cute. Let's Go!"

Mu Cai'er saw her big brother and second brother frown and quickly said while shrinking her head.

Obviously, her two big brothers made her very fearful.

"Hurry up and leave. Father has arranged an engagement with young master Mo Shaoyu for you. When you see Young Master Mo Shaoyu, you have to please him!"

"His grandfather is a half-step longevity expert. Father has also reached the ninth level of the profound void tier. He himself is a dragon among men!"

The two youths said with some envy, "You are lucky to be able to marry him!"

"Oh!"

Mu Cai'er lowered her head and replied with a helpless expression. Her face was filled with bitterness.

Although she was born in the Wood God tribe and her father was the patriarch, her talent was not bad. However, because she was a girl and her mother was a concubine, she was not favored by her two brothers.

Her father obviously did not care as much about her as he did about her two brothers. This time, for the sake of the family, he did not ask her about her wishes and betrothed her to an elder of the demon God tribe.

Following behind her two brothers, Mu Cai'er looked at the little multicolored cat who was floating on top of her with her eyes closed. Her eyes were filled with helplessness.

She was too arrogant to have saved this pet!

It had been so many days, yet she wasn't allowed to hug or touch it!

Wang Xian automatically followed beside Mu Cai'er. In the past few days, he had gained an understanding of her worries and other matters.

However, he didn't take these small matters to heart. When he saw Mo Sha in the next few days, he could change Mu Cai'er's life with just a word.

He focused his mind on recovering from his injuries. His body followed beside Mu Cai'er unconsciously.

Soon, the group of people arrived in front of the god peak of the nine gods master, and a noisy voice entered his ears.

"Young Master Mo Shaoyu, how do you do? This is our third sister, Mu Cai'er. Quick Cai'er, greet young master Mo Shaoyu!"

At the foot of the god peak of the nine gods master, there was an empty space, and around five to six thousand young men were gathered there.

Mu Jianshi and Mu Lingdong stood in front of a group of youths dressed in black. They smiled and said to the youth in the middle.

The clothes of the 5,000 to 6,000 youths present could clearly distinguish which tribe they came from.

Most of the youths gathered around the disciples of the Demon God tribe. They chatted and laughed as they tried to curry favor with them.

The Demon God tribe was currently the strongest, and the position of the nine gods Lord had fallen to the demon God tribe. Naturally, they were trying to curry favor with the elite core disciples of the Demon God tribe!

Every elite disciple of the demon god tribe was surrounded by more than a dozen disciples from other tribes.

Especially in the middle, more than a hundred disciples with arrogant expressions surrounded five or six disciples of the Demon God tribe.

Clearly, the disciples of the dozen or so demon God tribes were the most outstanding young elites.

Mu Cai'er and the others were still some distance away from the center.

"Hello, Young Master Mo Shaoyu!"

At this moment, Mu Cai'er looked at the youth whose father was her matchmaker. She squeezed out a smile and greeted him.

Mo Shaoyu. His name was not bad and his looks were not bad. He carried a sense of arrogance.

In fact, all the youths of the demon God tribe carried a trace of arrogance.

They were also qualified to do so.

"Wow, Mu Cai'er is really beautiful. Not Bad, not bad!"

Mo Shaoyu looked at Mu Cai'er and his eyes lit up. He said directly, "Stay by my side for the next few days!"

Mu Cai'er was slightly stunned. She looked at Mo Shaoyu with a face full of astonishment.

"Hurry up and thank young master Mo Shaoyu for being interested in you!"

At the side, Mu Cai'er's two brothers hurriedly touched her arm.

Mu Cai'er squeezed out an awkward smile and stood there without moving.

The statuses of both parties were completely different. If she married him, she would also be considered a high social status.

"Come, Cai'er, I'll bring you to meet a few of my friends!"

Mo Shaoyu looked at Mu Cai'er with great satisfaction and waved at her.

"En!"

Mu Cai'er nodded and walked over.

"In the future, as Mo Shaoyu's wife, I will definitely not mistreat you. You Don't have to be so restrained!"

Mo Shaoyu directly stretched out his hand and wrapped it around Mu Cai'er's shoulders. He leaned over and said with a smile on his face.

Mu Cai'er's body stiffened and her expression was a little awkward.

"Let's go, I'll bring some friends!"

"Let them see my Mo Shaoyu's wife too, Haha!"

Mo Shaoyu laughed and directly walked to the side.

"I didn't expect your family to actually have a marriage alliance with young master Mo Shaoyu and the others!"

"TSK tsk, looking at young master Mo Shaoyu's appearance, he should be very fond of your younger sister. Congratulations to all of you!"

"Haha, it's Our Sister who has climbed up to young master Mo Shaoyu. However, our sister is also very outstanding. Now, she has the strength of a second level void interpretation!"

When the surrounding young disciples of the Wood God tribe saw this scene, they said to Mu Lingdong and the others with some envy.

Now that the Demon God tribe was powerful, all the tribes were thinking of ways to befriend them.

Mu Lingdong's family was very lucky to be able to get a woman to marry Mo Shaoyu!

Furthermore, Mo Shaoyu's grandfather was an elder of the demonic God tribe, a top-level figure.

Mu Lingdong and the other two were also laughing happily.

Only Mu Cai'er followed beside Mo Shaoyu with a sorrowful expression.

"Shaoyu, who is the lady beside you?"

Mo Shaoyu brought them to a spot in front of them. When a few young men and women from the Demon God tribe saw him, they asked curiously.

"Haha, my fiancée. How Is She? Is She Pretty?"

Mo Shaoyu said loudly with a smile.

"Not bad. Is she a beauty from the Wood God tribe? Awesome, Awesome!"

A few youths from the demon God tribe said with a smile.

"Eh? Shaoyu has a fiancée!"

At this moment, two women walked over and asked with smiles on their faces.

"Yes, sister Mo Mei. This is my fiancée, Mu Cai'er. Cai'er, this is the most outstanding beauty of our demon God tribe. She has a cultivation base at the fifth level of the void interpretation realm. Her strength is not weaker than our men. Let's greet her!"

Mo Shaoyu looked at the woman who spoke and said with a fawning smile.

"Sister Mo Mei, Hello!"

Mu Cai'er squeezed out a smile and called out softly.

"Not bad, not bad. There are so many beauties of the Wood God tribe!"

Mo Mei smiled and looked at the creature on her shoulder. She was slightly stunned. "Eh? A mighty and cute pet. What kind of pet is this?"

"I picked it up not long ago. I don't know either!"

Mu Cai'er squeezed out a smile and said embarrassedly.

"It's really cute!"

Mo Mei smiled and took a few steps closer to Mu Cai'er. She stretched out her hand and wanted to touch it.

"Sister Mo Mei likes it. Then I'll let Cai'er give it to you. You can just take it!"

Mo Shaoyu, who was at the side, saw Mo Mei's loving look and immediately said in a flattering manner.

"Really?"

Mo Mei's hand stopped in mid-air as she looked at Mu Cai'er and Mo Shaoyu!

"Really really, Miss Mo Mei, this pet was picked up by Cai'er by the sea!"

Before Mu Cai'er could reply, Mu Lingdong and Mo Mei'er immediately came over and said with smiles on their faces.

"I. . ." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Mu Cai'er looked extremely aggrieved when she saw this scene.