Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1702: Under the mysterious PET 1702

"This is the first time I've seen such a majestic and adorable creature!"

Mo Mei looked at the group of people who agreed and smiled. She continued to move her palm forward.

Sensing that someone was moving towards her, Wang Xian opened his eyes slowly. A cold and majestic expression appeared in his eyes.

Mo Mei felt Wang Xian's gaze and was slightly shocked. She looked at his eyes in astonishment.

"What a majestic little guy. He's really too cute!"

Mo Mei was stunned by this invisible aura for two seconds. Then, she laughed and continued to extend her arm toward Wang Xian.

"Ah!"

However, just when her palm was one meter away from Wang Xian, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in front of her.

Her expression changed drastically. She quickly retracted her palm and couldn't help but take a few steps back.

Her entire palm seemed to have been corroded and turned blood red, causing Mo Mei's face to be filled with fear.

Everyone around was stunned as well. They looked at the terrified Mo Mei and her palm in astonishment.

"What's going on? What exactly happened?"

Mo Shaoyu looked at Mo Mei in astonishment and asked.

Mo Mei came back to her senses and looked at Wang Xian in shock. When she met his cold and disdainful dragon eyes, she actually felt a trace of fear in her heart.

"It's... It's this pet. His strength..."

Mo Mei stared at Wang Xian with a haunted expression.

"What?"

The surrounding young men looked at Mo Mei's palm and then turned to the pet hovering above Mu Cai'er's left shoulder. Their faces were filled with shock!

"What's going on? Third sister, What's going on? Why didn't you take care of your pet properly? How dare you hurt Miss Mo Mei!"

Mu Lingdong and Mu Jianshi's expressions changed drastically as they shouted at Mu Cai'er hurriedly.

They looked extremely embarrassed. Mo Mei's background was extremely terrifying. She was the descendant of the old demon god from the demon God tribe.

If they were to be blamed, they would have to pay the price!

"I, I..."

Mu Cai'er looked at Wang Xian on her left shoulder in astonishment. Her face was also filled with panic.

However, at this moment, Wang Xian shifted his gaze to Mu Lingdong and Mu Jianshi. He waved his dragon claw gently.

In a flash, the grayish energy directly attacked the two of them. In fact, no one in the surroundings saw this attack.

"PFFT! PFFT!"

Before Mu Lingdong and Mu Jianshi could react, the terrifying energy landed on their bodies, causing him to spit out blood and fly backward.

The powerful energy caused him to be heavily injured!

"What?"

"This... is that pet. I. . . Why didn't I see him attack?"

"This pet is so terrifying. What level is he at? Why didn't I see his Attack!"

Shocked voices came from the surrounding disciples of the nine God Empire.

Everyone took a step back in unison and stared at the pet floating on Mu Cai'er's body in shock.

Mo Mei's pupils constricted slightly as well. She didn't see how this mysterious and terrifying creature attacked just now.

Mu Cai'er, who was at the side, widened her eyes as she stared at the pet that she picked up by the sea in disbelief.

Wang Xian took a glance at Mu Cai'er and hovered quietly in the air.

In his eyes, the group of people around him, all the elite core disciples of the nine gods empire, were like ants.

"What happened?"

The commotion and the serious injuries of the two of them attracted the curious gazes of the young men in the middle.

They raised their heads slightly as they walked over. A young man in the middle asked loudly.

"Eh? Sister Mo Mei, what happened to your palm? Is there someone who dares to attack you?"

The young man from the Central Demon God tribe swept his gaze across the surroundings. He was slightly shocked when he saw the injury on Mo Mei's palm. He immediately asked.

"It's nothing. It's that mysterious pet!"

Mo Mei shook her head. She looked at Wang Xian who had closed his eyes with a solemn expression.

"Miss Mo Mei, I'm... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't know. I didn't know that little gorgeous would hurt you!"

"Brother, Brother!"

Only then did mu Cai'er react. She spoke with a panicked expression and ran towards mu Jianshi and Mu Lingdong.

Mo Shaoyu, who was at the side, was dumbfounded. He looked at her with a stunned expression.

"What happened?"

The youth in the middle frowned and asked.

"Young Master Mo Ling is that mysterious pet. When Miss Mo Mei wanted to touch him, her palm was injured!"

"And we didn't see any movement. The two youths from the Wood God tribe were sent flying!"

A youth from the wind god tribe immediately replied.

"A mysterious pet? How dare a pet hurt someone here?"

Mo Lingzi frowned and looked at Wang Xian with a cold expression.

"That pet seems to be very strong. It's definitely not weaker than a seventh level Seethrough Void Stage!"

"That's right. I didn't even see how the two young men from the Wood God tribe were sent flying backward just now. They are too strong!"

"I feel that they might be even stronger!"

The surroundings were filled with discussions. Mo Lingzi was also looking at Wang Xian in astonishment.

However, he didn't have any information about this creature in his mind.

"Mu Cai'er, what's going on?"

At this moment, a young man from the Wood God tribe who was wearing the same outfit as Mu Cai'er frowned slightly and asked her directly.

He was standing beside Mo Lingzi. Clearly, he was one of the top talents in the Wood God tribe.

When Wang Xian heard the aggressive voices, he opened his eyes. There was a hint of coldness in his eyes.

"I'm sorry, I'm Sorry!"

Mu Cai'er said with a sobbing tone. She immediately helped her two brothers up.

Mu Lingdong and Mu Jianshi stood up with pale faces. They looked at Wang Xian who was on her shoulder and took two steps back in fear.

"I'm Sorry!"

When Mu Cai'er saw everyone's eyes on her, she bowed in fear and quickly walked out.

"Huh? Mu Cai'er, stop right there!"

The young man from the Wood God tribe who was standing next to the demon spirit son saw Mu Cai'er leaving immediately. He frowned and shouted immediately.

However, Mu Cai'er, who was already in a daze, did not hear him. Instead, she ran out without knowing what to do.

This made the young man who spoke look extremely embarrassed.

"Don't be afraid!"

Wang Xian looked at the flustered Mu Cai'er. After hesitating for a moment, he transmitted his voice to her.

"Who is speaking to me? Who is speaking to me?"

The voice that suddenly entered her mind shocked Mu Cai'er once again. She quickly asked. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"It's me. Let's go back to your place!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said faintly.

In his opinion, Mu Cai'er was just an ordinary girl. She was even a little timid and cowardly.

However, after she saved him from the seaside and gave him a few insightful void tier elixirs, she was destined to experience a huge change in her life.