Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1703: 1703 my benefactor, who would dare to touch him? Go

If Mu Cai'er didn't pick him up from the sea, if she didn't give him the elixir at the insightful void tier.

It might take some time for Wang Xian to wake up. It was unknown if he would encounter any danger during this period of time.

Speaking of which, Mu Cai'er could be considered his benefactor.

Naturally, he had to repay this favor!

"You... you can talk!"

Mu Cai'er stared at Wang Xian with a face full of astonishment. Her eyes widened and she couldn't help but take a step back.

"Go back to your residence!"

Wang Xian looked at her panicked look and smiled before saying again.

Mu Cai'er was somewhat inexperienced and naive.

He had a good impression of this woman who had saved him.

"Good... Good!"

Mu Cai'er's expression changed as she nodded her head. She immediately walked towards the location of the Wood God Peak and entered the room. She closed the door and stared at Wang Xian nervously.

"You saved my life. I will repay you!"

Wang Xian transmitted his voice to Mu Cai'er.

As he spoke, he felt the interspatial ring that had been swallowed into his stomach. He looked inside and realized that there was nothing else other than some metal materials.

"Sit cross-legged and cultivate!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before speaking directly to Mu Cai'er.

"AH? Cultivate? What... What are you doing?"

Mu Cai'er looked at Wang Xian in astonishment and asked directly.

It was not strange for a demonic beast to be able to speak. However, what made her uncertain was what the other party was trying to do.

"Sit cross-legged and cultivate. Don't worry, I Won't harm you!"

Wang Xian spoke in a gentle voice.

"This..."

Mu Cai'er's expression changed. She nodded and sat cross-legged on the ground.

She knew that the pet she picked up was not simple. Now that he had said that to her, he would not harm her.

Otherwise, she would have been killed in the past few days.

Mu Cai'er sat cross-legged on the ground and started cultivating immediately.

Wang Xian opened his mouth slightly. The five elements millstone appeared and floated above Mu Cai'er's head.

"Enter the state of cultivation!"

Wang Xian reminded her.

"Oh, oh!"

Mu Cai'er nodded her head in response.

The Five Elements Millstone was activated. Wang Xian did not hesitate to expend his dragon energy to transform it into an extremely pure Azure Dragon's energy and directly entered Mu Cai'er's body.

Furthermore, he used his supernatural ability to enchant the spirit to transmit his understanding of the wood attribute directly into her mind.

This was the first time that Wang Xian did not hesitate to expend his dragon energy to increase a person's strength.

Waves of azure dragon energy completely enveloped Mu Cai'er as the insights regarding the wood attribute were injected into her body.

Mu Cai'er's strength, which was at level two of the Seethrough, was increasing at a terrifying speed.

Level three of the Seethrough!

Level four of the Seethrough!

Level five of the Seethrough!

Level six of the Seethrough!

Wang Xian didn't stop until he reached the seventh level of the void interpretation stage. At her age, even the dragon race couldn't compare to her in the entire super hair continent.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian's voice rang in Mu Cai'er's mind.

"Ah?"

Mu Cai'er woke up in shock and instantly felt the powerful strength coming from her body.

Her eyes widened and her face was filled with disbelief.

"Mu Cai'er!"

At this moment, an extremely stern voice came from outside.

"Oh no!"

Mu Cai'er's expression changed slightly and she hurriedly opened the door.

Slap

However, just as she opened the door, a slap landed on her face.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and looked over with a cold gaze.

"Father... i. . . I. . ."

Mu Cai'er's eyes turned red instantly as tears streamed down her face.

"The pet you picked up actually injured two of your brothers. What's going on?"

"Also, even the descendant of the Old Demon God, Miss Mo Mei, was injured. Are you courting death?"

"Mu Shenghua called you but you ignored him. You, you... I think you are trying to anger me to death. Tomorrow, I will bring you over to apologize. If the matter can not be resolved, get out of my sight. Get out of the Wood God tribe!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

An angry shout came from Mu Cai'er's father. The powerful aura suppressed her face so much that it was extremely pale. She revealed a terrified expression.

"HMPH!"

Mu Cai'er's father swept his gaze across the room and met Wang Xian's cold gaze.

His breathing paused slightly and then turned cold.

"We will decide your fate after the worship of the nine gods tomorrow!"

Mu Cai'er's father's face was gloomy. With a cold voice, he walked out.

"You guys stay here and don't let her leave!"

He said to the two middle-aged men around him.

"It's The Elders!"

The two of them quickly replied.

Mu Cai'er's father walked out with a gloomy face.

When he saw the injuries on his two sons and heard what they had said, he instantly became furious.

He didn't pay much attention to his third daughter. Women were supposed to get married.

This time, he thought of using marriage to befriend the demon God tribe, but he didn't expect it to backfire.

This made him extremely angry.

The power of the nine god Lord was very great. If he casually killed a few experts who were half a step away from longevity, no tribe would dare to say anything.

This was the rule.

Therefore, he was a little frightened.

He came over in anger.

"SOB, sob!"

The sound of crying came from Mu Cai'er's mouth. She was squatting on the ground and crying with a broken heart.

Wang Xian shook his head when he saw this scene. It was not appropriate for him to make a move in such a situation just now.

"The worship of the nine gods tomorrow..."

His eyes were sparkling. Following that, he smiled and looked at Mu Cai'er.

"Alright, Mu Cai'er, Don't cry. After Tomorrow, no one will dare to bully you!"

Wang Xian transmitted his voice directly to Mu Cai'er.

"You, you... little gorgeous, don't be mischievous in the future!"

Mu Cai'er raised her head and looked at Wang Xian with a crying face.

Everything was caused by little gorgeous.

When Wang Xian heard her name, his face turned black instantly. He immediately laid on the table and recovered.

His injuries had not recovered yet. Now that he had used up his dragon energy, he was a little tired.

Mu Cai'er cried for a while. She wiped the tears off her face and sensed her own strength. Then, she looked at Wang Xian with a changing expression.

Finally, she walked toward the bed with a helpless expression. Lying on the bed, she looked ahead in a daze. Her mind was filled with wild thoughts.

"Mu Cai'er, bring your pet and come out!"

The next morning, a cold voice sounded from outside.

Mu Cai'er, who was lying on the bed, stood up in a hurry. Her expression changed and she immediately walked out.

"Let's go. I'll bring you to apologize to someone today!"

An expressionless female figure stood by the door and swept a glance at Mu Cai'er who was walking over.

Wang Xian opened his eyes and moved his body. He floated directly above Mu Cai'er's shoulder.

He looked at Mu Cai'er's father indifferently. When he heard her words, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Apologize?

Apologize for what?

He wanted to see who would dare to lay a finger on his savior today.

Or perhaps, make her suffer a little!