Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1704: Who would dare to touch the people under my protection

"Don't speak when you get there. Do whatever I tell you to do!"

Mu Cai'er followed behind her father with her head lowered. Her father's voice came from the front.

"It's father!"

She replied softly with a helpless look in her eyes.

Wang Xian hovered on Mu Cai'er's left shoulder and scanned his surroundings indifferently.

"Elder Zhiyuan, hurry up. The nine gods worship ceremony is about to begin!"

Just as Mu Zhiyuan brought Mu Cai'er out of the courtyard, an elder in front of them looked at them and urged them.

"It's third elder!"

Mu Zhiyuan immediately quickened his pace respectfully and walked over quickly.

"Zhiyuan, the incident with your daughter yesterday is neither serious nor serious. Today, you must apologize to the elders of the demonic god Tribe!"

Mu Zhiyuan and the others walked over. The third elder glanced at Mu Cai'er and reminded him.

"It's the third elder. I know, I know!"

Mu Zhiyuan immediately smiled and nodded.

"Well, then let's hurry up!" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The third elder nodded. The two of them quickened their pace and walked towards the nine God master's divine peak in the middle.

Along the way, everyone in the other nine God peaks all walked towards the nine God master's Divine Peak.

With the birth of a new nine god Lord, there would be a nine god worship.

At that time, all the powerful and powerful experts in the entire nine God Empire would come over to worship.

As the leader of the nine tribes, the other tribes naturally did not dare to be negligent.

Especially now that the demon God tribe had the help of the fire lark tribe, their strength was invincible in the nine God Empire.

There were many insightful emptiness realm experts everywhere. In the entire nine God Empire, there were 60,000 to 70,000 insightful emptiness realm experts. This was definitely a terrifying number.

Mu Cai'er followed them to a huge square. In front of the square, there were nine thousand-meter tall statues.

Each statue represented the founder of a tribe, representing the god of that tribe.

In front of the nine statues was a divine throne.

The divine throne was 20 meters tall, and sitting on it could overlook everyone.

In front of the huge square, many experts of the nine God Empire had gathered.

The elders and elders of the nine tribes had all arrived.

In front of the huge square, there were more than 10,000 people.

Just like the gathering of the younger generation yesterday, the other tribes had all gathered around the demon God tribe, trying to form a relationship with them.

"Follow me!"

Mu Zhiyuan said to Mu Cai'er with a cold expression. He looked at the Demon God tribe with a dark expression.

Mu Cai'er took a deep breath and followed behind him. She lowered her head and did not say anything.

"Elder of the demon tribe, Young Master Mo Shaoyu!"

Mu Zhiyuan looked at the demon god tribe, where dozens of people gathered. He took a deep breath and squeezed out a smile.

When he arrived in front of Mo Shaoyu and Grandpa Mo Shaoyu, he said with a smile on his face.

"Oh? Elder Mu?"

The bearded elder in a black robe looked at Mu Zhiyuan and said indifferently.

"Elder of the demon race, my daughter was a bit rash yesterday and made a joke. Please forgive me, elder of the demon race!"

Mu Zhiyuan bowed and apologized.

"Hehe, I was a little rash and made a joke!"

Before the black-bearded elder could speak, a middle-aged man beside him said coldly.

"Brother Mo, it's my fault for not teaching you well..."

"Elder Mu, I, Mo Shaoyu, can not afford to lose face. I brought my pet to hurt someone and even left so rudely!"

Before Mu Zhiyuan could finish his words, Mo Shaoyu interrupted him and said indifferently.

He glanced at Mu Cai'er behind him and shook his head slightly.

He was originally very satisfied with this fiancée, but she had left last night. A group of people were discussing that she was his fiancée, making him look very embarrassed.

He, Mo Shaoyu, could not afford to lose this person.

As for the possibility that Mu Cai'er had a powerful pet, no one took it to heart.

They were the top young elites of the nine God Empire. There were many demon beast races that had mounts that were at the level of level eight, level nine, or even half a step into the longevity realm in the nine God Empire.

Who would care about that mysterious pet.

"Then... Young Master Mo Shaoyu, your engagement with my daughter..."

Mu Zhiyuan's expression changed slightly as he hurriedly said.

"Let's talk about the engagement in the future!"

The black-bearded elder said indifferently.

Mu Zhiyuan's expression instantly turned ugly. Mu Cai'er, who was standing behind him, also trembled.

"My Daughter's marriage has already been announced. This will make my daughter..."

Mu Zhiyuan looked at the black-bearded elder and said with an embarrassed expression.

The higher the level, the more they cared about face. The matter of Mu Cai'er's engagement with the demon God tribe's Mo Shaoyu had already been announced.

Now that the demon God tribe did not agree, it was simply a disguised form of breaking off the engagement. This black dot would follow Mu Cai'er for the rest of her life.

In fact, many families would not marry Mu Cai'er because of face.

This would have a huge impact in the future.

"Haha, Elder Jin, long time no see!"

However, at this moment, the black-bearded elder ignored them and greeted the golden-robed elder in front of him.

"B * stard, what's the use of having you!"

When Mu Zhiyuan saw that the tribal elder of the demonic God tribe was ignoring him, he turned his head with a face full of anger and shouted at Mu Cai'er.

Mu Cai'er's body trembled. She lowered her head and didn't dare to speak. Her eyes instantly turned red.

"Yesterday, your pet hurt Miss Mo Mei. Let's Go!"

Mu Zhiyuan took a deep breath and looked at Mu Cai'er. Then, he looked at Wang Xian who was floating on his left shoulder coldly.

He looked around and saw Mo mei following around his parents. When he noticed the elders of various groups gathered around him, he frowned slightly.

However, he still braced himself and walked over.

"Damn it, how can you be my daughter!"

Mu Zhiyuan said in a flustered manner. He squeezed out an awkward smile and walked towards the group of people.

"Miss Mo Mei, I'm really sorry about what happened to my daughter Last Night!"

Mu Zhiyuan walked over and smiled apologetically at Mo Mei.

"Oh?"

Mo Mei was slightly stunned as she turned her head to look. When she saw Mu Cai'er and the mysterious pet floating on her shoulder, she smiled.

"It's alright, I've already recovered!"

Mo Mei shook her head as she looked at the mysterious pet.

"How can you be fine, Miss Mo Mei? Look at the scar on your palm. You just left without any manners. How embarrassing for our Wood God tribe!"

However, just as Mo Mei said that, a youth dressed in the wood god tribe's uniform said from the side.

That youth was none other than the youth from the Wood God tribe who was with Mo Lingzi and the others yesterday.

"Miss Mo Mei, I have some wood spirit essence here. I didn't bring it with me yesterday. Today, I specially brought some for you. After applying it, it can remove the scars!"

The youth smiled as he took out a small blue porcelain bottle and handed it to Mo Mei.

"Thank you, Young Master Mu Qingming!"

Mo Mei hesitated for a moment before smiling and nodding her head.

"It's just a small matter. It's just a beast randomly injuring people. Just kill the Beast!"

At this time, the devil spirit son who was standing not far from the side looked over and said faintly.