Chapter 1705: 1705, who would dare to touch the people under my protection? Get Down

It was just an animal randomly hurting people. Just kill the animal!

A light voice came from Mo Lingzi's mouth. He stood there and said with a relaxed expression.

"What?"

When Mu Cai'er heard Mo Lingzi's words, she suddenly raised her head and stared at Mo Lingzi. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"No..."

"No, father. Yesterday, it was because... because miss mo Mei wanted to touch little gorgeous, he attacked!"

"He usually doesn't attack others!"

Mu Cai'er hurriedly looked at her father and explained.

"Shut up. Your two brothers are still recovering from their injuries. Could it be your brother's fault?"

Mu Zhiyuan coldly shouted at Mu Cai'er and said with a cold gaze.

"Mu Cai'er, a beast that you picked up. It's best not to keep it by your side without training!"

"Besides, do you know how impolite you were yesterday?"

Mu Qingming looked at Mu Cai'er and said coldly, "You, don't throw away the people of the Wood God tribe!"

Mu Cai'er's face turned pale. She quickly looked at Wang Xian who was beside her. Her eyes were filled with worry.

Last night, although he already knew that Wang Xian was extraordinary, this was the place where the nine gods worshiped.

All the experts from the nine God Empire were gathered here. So what if he was powerful?

Could he be comparable to the nine God Empire?

"Miss Mo Mei, this Beast Hurt You Yesterday. Today, I will kill him!"

Mu Qingming's eyes were shining as he stared at Wang Xian. His eyes were filled with eagerness to give it a try.

"Forget it!"

Mo Mei shook her head.

"How can we just let it go like this? An uncultured beast. This time, he hurt Miss Mo Mei. The next time, he might hurt others. Just kill him and end this once and for all!"

Mu Qingming shook his head. "Miss Mo Mei, let me avenge you."

As he spoke, a magic staff appeared in his hand and he raised his head slightly.

"Forget it, this pet is very strong, you..."

"Mu Qingming, don't worry about it. If he dares to resist, I'll kill him!"

Before Mo Mei could finish her words, Mu Zhiyuan, who was at the side, spoke up.

He had asked Mu Cai'er to bring the pet along so that she could vent her anger and express her sincerity to them.

Furthermore, this pet had hurt his two sons. Naturally, he would not let it go.

"Alright!"

Mu Qingming smiled and stared at Wang Xian slowly.

At the side, some elders from the demon God tribe and other tribes noticed the situation and looked over indifferently.

They smiled and didn't interfere. In their eyes, this was just a small matter.

"You guys..."

Mu Cai'er looked at this scene with a panicked expression.

Buzz

However, at this moment, Wang Xian heard them calling him a beast. His eyes turned cold.

He looked at Mu Qingming who was about to attack him. A hint of coldness appeared in his eyes.

He raised his Dragon Claw and swung it at Mu Qingming.

"Be careful!"

Mo Mei, who was injured by Wang Xian previously, was shocked when she saw Wang Xian raising his dragon claw. She quickly shouted.

"Bang!"

However, the moment she finished her sentence, Mu Qingming, who had a smug smile on his face, froze. His eyes widened slowly and his body fell to the side.

"What?"

Mu Zhiyuan was shocked when he saw the instant death of Mu Qingming. His face was filled with shock.

His aura changed drastically and the power of the ninth level of the Seethrough realm was unleashed.

Buzz

Wang Xian looked at Mu Zhiyuan and frowned. He waved his hand gently and the terrifying force sent Mu Zhiyuan flying backward. He spat out a mouthful of blood.

"Xiao Ban Lan, stop it now!"

Mu Cai'er, who was the first to react, shouted in panic.

"Don't be afraid, Don't be afraid. Don't worry. I will protect you from now on. No one will dare to touch you!"

Wang Xian's hoarse voice rang out as he spoke in human language.

"Qingming!"

"Oh no, there are demonic beasts causing trouble!"

"There are demonic beasts killing people. This is an unforgivable crime. How dare they come to our nine God Empire to cause trouble!"

Mu Qingming was instantly killed and Mu Zhiyuan was severely injured. This caused everyone to be slightly shocked.

All the experts in the nine God Empire immediately looked over with killing intent on their faces.

This place was where the tribal elders gathered. The expressions of the dozens of tribal elders changed slightly. The smiles on their faces disappeared and they revealed a dignified expression.

"You dare to cause trouble in our nine God Empire. Which faction are you from? The Empire of Ten Thousand Monsters?"

A tribal elder of the demon God tribe revealed a murderous look on his face.

He dared to kill people while the nine gods were paying their respects. He was simply audacious!

"Even if the demon Emperor of the Empire of ten thousand monsters dares to cause trouble here, he must die!"

The eyes of the tribal elders were locked onto Wang Xian. Their faces were filled with killing intent.

Killing someone in their lair. If the other party were to leave, what would the nine God Empire's reputation be like?

"You... you actually killed Mu Qingming!"

Mo Mei cried out involuntarily when she saw Mu Qingming's lifeless body.

She also understood some of Mu Qingming's intentions towards her. She also knew that he was trying to be nice to her.

However, she never expected that Mu Qingming would be killed directly.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Waves of terrifying aura soared into the sky as waves of killing intent locked onto Wang Xian.

Mu Cai'er's face was extremely pale when she saw this scene. She was the center of attention, the real center of attention.

Everyone's gaze was fixed on Wang Xian who was on her shoulder. Naturally, she was also in the line of sight of all the experts in the nine God Empire.

"This... This Mu Cai'er's pet is really audacious. He actually dared to kill someone here!"

"Her pet's strength is so terrifying. It injured an elder with one blow. It has the strength of at least half a step into longevity!"

"What's the use of having a strong pet? This pet is going to kill herself. If she dares to cause trouble during the worship of the nine gods, the demon God tribe will definitely execute her!"

When all the elite disciples of the nine gods empire saw this scene, they opened their mouths slightly and revealed shocked expressions.

"This Mu Cai er's pet actually dares to kill people here. Luckily, luckily it didn't agree to this marriage!"

Mo Shaoyu was stunned when he saw this scene and heaved a heavy sigh of relief in his heart.

Mo Shaoyu's grandfather, father, and company also heaved a sigh of relief slightly.

"Weng!"

Just as all the experts in the nine god Empire who were worshipping their seniors locked onto the mysterious pet.

To everyone's surprise, the mysterious pet raised its paw again and attacked the demon spirit.

"How dare you attack me, you bastard!"

A group of half-step longevity of the strong face rage shouted.

A half-step longevity of the elder's figure a move, a moment to the face of the shocked demon spirit son in front of, arm heavy swing.

Another five or six half-step longevity powerhouses moved their bodies and were ready to attack Wang Xian.

"Bang!"

However, what shocked everyone once again was that the half-step Wanshou who was standing in front of Mo Lingzi was sent flying and was severely injured instantly!