Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1706: 1706 lives were saved by gushing spring

"What?"

"Hiss, its strength!"

The pupils of the five or six half-step longevity experts who were about to attack Wang Xian shrunk slightly when they saw this scene. They were shocked.

They quickly stopped moving and their faces were filled with fear.

"The realm of longevity, the realm of longevity!"

Five to six experts who were half a step away from the realm of longevity cried out in surprise. The surrounding experts who were half a step away from the realm of longevity focused their eyes and weapons appeared in their hands one by one.

The realm of longevity. Once one reached the realm of longevity, it would represent another world, representing the top existences in the entire continent.

"Whoever dares to stop me from killing him will die today!"

Wang Xian glanced at everyone around him indifferently and his gaze landed on Mo Lingzi.

"No, don't kill me. I... I..."

Mo Lingzi looked at Wang Xian's indifferent gaze and a drop of cold sweat dripped down his face.

He never expected that the beast he was talking about was actually an expert of the longevity level.

This was the longevity level!

If he knew about this, he wouldn't dare to insult him even if he had ten guts.

However, he had already said it out loud. An extremely regretful look appeared on his face!

Everyone around was staring at Wang Xian in shock. Their eyes were filled with disbelief.

This mysterious pet was actually an expert at the longevity level!

Mo Shaoyu and the rest were even more shocked. They looked at him in disbelief.

"Lord Gold God, there's an invasion from a longevity expert!"

"Lord Wood God, there's an invasion from a longevity expert!"

"Lord Water God, there's an invasion from a longevity expert!"

...

At this moment, all the human elders around were staring at Wang Xian vigilantly as they hurriedly shouted.

Their voices reverberated throughout the entire ten-fingered divine peak!

"Huh?"

"Who dares to cause trouble in our nine God Empire!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In an instant, sounds of shock and anger rang out from the void.

Golden Rays, blue rays, earthy yellow rays...

Rays of light flew over from the god peaks in an instant.

In the center of each ray of light stood one or two old men with crowns on their heads.

They were like gods as they appeared in the sky in an instant.

"Gods, it's him. He's the one who's causing trouble here. He wants to kill me!"

"Kill him, kill him!"

Mo Lingzi saw the gods of the tribe flying over. His heart that had been lifted up was lowered as he roared with a ferocious expression.

He stared at Wang Xian with fear and malevolence in his eyes.

This was their nine God Empire!

This was their territory!

Even if you are a longevity expert, don't even think about killing me!

"You killed a disciple of my nine God Empire while our nine gods were worshipping you and seriously injured an expert of my nine God Empire. Today, no matter what your identity is, you must die!"

The old man who was emitting a green glow swept his gaze across the surroundings. His gaze was locked onto Wang Xian as he announced in a deep voice.

In the sky, other than the longevity experts from the demon god tribe who had yet to arrive, the other eight tribes had all arrived.

Thirteen longevity experts stood in the air. Their bodies exuded an imposing aura that could intimidate the world.

"Even a pet of the longevity realm would have to die here!"

Mo Shaoyu said with an uncertain expression.

"Little gorgeous, it's over, it's over. You've caused trouble. We're all going to die!"

In the center, Mu Cai'er saw the group of tribal leaders and the longevity experts staring at them. Her face was filled with despair.

Even if little gorgeous was a longevity-level existence, she was still not a match for the entire nine God Empire's experts!

"Alright, don't Worry!"

Wang Xian looked at the longevity experts who were locked onto him in the sky. There was even a level four longevity expert among them. He did not panic at all.

He spoke to Mu Cai'er calmly as his dragon body slowly transformed.

A human figure appeared in front of everyone.

He used the energy of light and darkness to condense a piece of clothing to cover his body.

The difference was that there was a long wound on his neck that extended all the way to the top of his chest.

This wound was considered a fatal one.

"Call Mo Sha over!"

After Wang Xian transformed into his human form, he spoke to the group of longevity experts from the nine gods empire in the sky.

"Huh?"

The group of longevity experts was slightly stunned when they saw Wang Xian transforming into his human form.

"You don't have the qualifications to meet the Master of the nine gods!"

The burly elder who was emitting an earthen yellow aura roared coldly when he heard Wang Xian's words.

An earthy yellow earth mountain phantom appeared behind him, ready to attack at any time.

"Wait!"

The Elder, whose entire body was emitting a golden glow, hurriedly stopped the Earth God.

The gold god sized up Wang Xian and a figure appeared in his mind. However, due to the unclear information he obtained previously, he did not dare to confirm it.

"Master of the nine gods, there is something that you might need to settle!"

The Gold God hesitated for a moment before he immediately transmitted it to the god peak of the Master of the nine gods.

"Eh? Gold God, he is a longevity powerhouse. We can easily resolve it without the help of the Master of the nine gods!"

The Earth God was slightly stunned when he saw the gold god stopping him. He asked in bewilderment.

"Mo Sha, get over here quickly!"

At this moment, an impatient voice sounded from below. The voice was a little hoarse and enveloped the entire ten-fingered God Peak.

When everyone in the nine God Empire heard Wang Xian's words, they were shocked and furious.

He actually dared to speak to the master of the nine gods like that!

However, when the gold god heard Wang Xian's words, he was basically certain in his heart.

The other tribes might not know, but as the former master of the nine gods, he had more information.

"This must be..."

"Boss Mo, Boss!"

Just as the Gold God opened his mouth, three figures teleported to the sky from the top of the peak of the leader of the nine gods.

The leader was Mo Sha, who was wearing a nine-colored outfit and an Imperial Crown.

His gaze landed on Wang Xian, who had reverted to his human form.

"Boss, where have you been? I missed you so much, Mo Sha!"

"Young master Wang!"

Under the shocked gazes of everyone in the nine God Empire, Mo Sha instantly appeared in front of Wang Xian.

Furthermore, his exaggerated words entered everyone's ears.

Everyone in the nine God Empire was stunned.

Boss?

The boss of the Master of the nine gods?

This made them think of some things about the master of the nine gods a year ago.

Was it this young man who made the current nine gods master kneel down?

Because of this matter, when the demon God wanted to fight for the position of the nine gods master, he was resisted by several tribes.

In the end, if it wasn't for his strength being too strong, those who refused to submit would be beaten into submission. The current position of the nine gods master was still the Golden God!

That mysterious pet was actually the boss of their nine gods master, that young master Wang?

The expressions of everyone in the nine gods empire kept changing.

Mu Cai'er, who was standing at the side, widened her eyes and looked at this scene in a daze.

The mysterious pet that she had saved was actually the boss of their nine gods master!

This... This was actually so unbelievable, it was like a dream!