Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1707: 1707 thanked Wang Xian for saving his life

"Young master Wang, how are your injuries?"

At the place where the main god peak of the nine gods worshiped, all the experts of the nine gods empire looked at this scene in shock.

Feng Yun, who was flying over immediately after Mo Sha, looked at the horrifying injuries on Wang Xian's neck. She revealed a shocked expression and immediately asked with concern.

"Boss, why is the injury on your neck so serious? Who Did It? I, Mo Sha, am going to kill him!"

Mo Sha also noticed the injury on Wang Xian's neck and asked in shock.

The injury on Wang Xian's neck was extremely horrifying.

Moreover, his strength had reached an extremely high level. As long as it was not a fatal injury, he would be able to recover very quickly.

Just like how his hand was cut off and his chest was penetrated.

As long as he was still breathing, he would be able to recover without leaving any scars.

Now that Wang Xian had such a terrifying scar on his neck, it was obvious that his injuries had not fully recovered.

"I have already killed my opponent. give me some elixirs!"

Wang Xian said to Mo sha in a hoarse voice.

"Yes, yes, I have it, Boss!"

As Mo sha spoke, he took out all the elixirs and spiritual herbs from his interspatial ring.

Looking at the longevity-level elixirs and spiritual herbs, the surrounding longevity-level powerhouses twitched their lips.

These elixirs were only available to the masters of the nine gods. How could they give them to an outsider.

However, they didn't dare to say anything!

Wang Xian placed the elixirs into his mouth and turned them into dragon energy to heal his injuries quickly.

Buzz

In less than twenty seconds, a terrifying aura was emitted from Wang Xian's body.

The Aura was restrained in the surroundings, but it made everyone in the surroundings tremble in fear!

"Second level of longevity. His injuries have yet to fully recover. He has actually erupted with the strength of second level of longevity!"

The Earth God of the Earth God tribe had a face full of shock as he felt Wang Xian's strength.

His strength was only at the first level of longevity.

His injuries were healing rapidly. Wang Xian's aura was also rising at a terrifying speed. The wound on his neck was getting smaller and smaller.

"Just a little more!"

A minute later, Wang Xian exhaled and said faintly.

"Young master Wang, I still have some spirit fruits here!"

The Gold God took out a few spirit fruits of the longevity level and handed them to Wang Xian.

"I have some here too!"

"Young master Wang, I have some here too. I hope that I can use them!"

The gods of the nine God Empire, the longevity-level powerhouses, and the powerful powerhouses of their empire took out one precious pill after another.

Everyone in the nine God Empire was dumbfounded when they saw this scene.

Especially the younger generation of the nine God Empire!

"This... this..."

When Mo Lingzi saw this scene, he felt a tingling sensation on his scalp. A bad premonition filled his heart.

This mysterious pet was not only a powerhouse at the longevity level, but also the boss of their master of the nine gods!

Then, he...

The more he thought about it, the more his body trembled.

"Thank you!"

Wang Xian didn't refuse. The injury on his neck was too unbearable.

He put all the pills into his mouth.

Boom

The Aura on Wang Xian's body rose again. He didn't stop until he reached the peak of level three of longevity.

The surrounding experts of the nine God Empire felt the aura and their eyes revealed a look of astonishment.

Level three of longevity. There were only three people present. Level four of longevity, there were only two.

The leader of the nine gods was actually a level three of longevity!

Feng Yun could feel the aura that could suppress her. Her eyes were filled with excitement. The stronger Wang Xian was, the happier she would be.

Furthermore, this time, she had personally witnessed Wang Xian's terror.

When she arrived here more than a year ago, he was only at level nine of the void interpretation realm. Now, he was already at level three of longevity. It was truly terrifying.

In a few years, he would even be able to rule the entire supernatural continent.

By then, it would be a piece of cake for the empress to take revenge.

"Level three of the longevity realm. My goodness, it's really terrifying!"

"As expected of the owner of that heart. You should be a good little brother from now on!"

Mo Sha was trembling as much as Feng Yun. At the same time, the thought of being the owner of the heart was completely thrown to the back of his mind.

"Phew!"

Wang Xian exhaled and a smile appeared on his face.

"I almost died together with my opponent this time!"

He said faintly as he looked at Mu Cai'er who was at the side. He smiled when he saw her restrained and somewhat at a loss.

"It's all thanks to you. If it wasn't for you, I Might Not Even Be Alive!"

"That's why I said that you're my Savior. As long as I'm still alive in the future, nothing will happen to you!"

Wang Xian assured Mu Cai'er.

"Huh? Boss?"

Mo Sha was stunned when he heard what Wang Xian said to Mu Cai'er. A hint of envy flashed across his eyes.

Speaking of which, he could only be considered as Wang Xian's little brother.

However, the little girl in front of him was different. She was his savior.

According to the correct order of seniority, Wang Xian was the master and he was the servant. Meanwhile, the girl in front of him was his master's Savior. Her status was even higher than his.

"AH, I..."

Mu Cai'er looked at Wang Xian in a daze. She never expected such a situation.

"I was just casually..."

"Keke, Young Lady, not bad. You are from the Wood God tribe, right? You saved my boss. In the future, in the entire nine God Empire and the entire supernatural continent, if anyone dares to provoke you, I, Mo Sha, will not let them off!"

Mu Cai'er was still thinking of saying something when she was interrupted by Mo Sha's words.

Upon hearing the nine god Lord's words, Mu Cai'er was stunned once again. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Oh, I, Mo Sha, AM already over three thousand years old. I don't even have any descendants. How about this, after today, you will be my, Mo Sha's, goddaughter. In the future, you will also be the nine God Empire's princess, the only Princess!"

Mo Sha grinned as he continued speaking.

This girl was the boss's benefactor. If he took her in as his goddaughter, wouldn't he be closer to the boss?

"Little girl, what is your name?"

Mo Sha stroked Mu Cai'er's head and asked kindly.

Mu Cai'er looked at Mo Sha in a daze. She felt that her mind was a mess. She never expected that the nine god Lord would actually take her in as his goddaughter.

He had actually made her the only princess of the Nine Gods Empire.

"I... I Am Mu Cai'er!"

Mu Cai'er hurriedly said.

"Mu Cai'er? Not Bad, not bad. From today onwards, I will give you the surname of the Demon God tribe. You can also be called Mo Cai'er!"

"Eh? Your strength has actually reached the seventh level of the profound void tier. Impressive, impressive!"

As Mo sha spoke, he sensed her strength and said with a smile.

"It's... It's little multicolored... No, it's senior Wang who helped me raise it yesterday!"

Mu Cai'er said somewhat nervously.

"Keke, don't bother about who raised it. With your talent and training, you'll definitely reach the longevity realm in the future!"

"I'll train well in the future, and see if I can nurture a nine god female lead for our nine God Empire. Keke!"

Mo Sha said with a loud laugh. However, all the people from the nine god empire around him were filled with shock.

They looked at the somewhat dazed Mu Cai'er in a daze.

What was this?

She had flown up to the branches and become a Phoenix!

She had ascended to the heavens in one step!