Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1708: 1708 Mo Sha ascended to the level of emperor

"This... Mu Cai'er's strength has actually reached the seventh level of the profound void tier. My God, how old is she this year!"

"Seventh level of the profound void tier, she's actually at the seventh level of the profound void tier. In the entire nine God Empire's younger generation, not a single one is her match!"

"This isn't just flying up to become a phoenix. This is simply ascending to the heavens in one step. The current demon god Lord is only over 3,000 years old, and has a lifespan of over 6,000 years. If we give Mu Cai'er all our efforts in nurturing her, even if she reaches the level of the nine God Lord, she has a very high chance of becoming the tribal God!"

When all the experts of the nine God Empire heard this, their faces revealed a look of shock and disbelief.

The entire younger generation of the nine God Empire, the cream of the crop of the younger generation, the group of Heaven's favored sons, were filled with envy and even looked at Mu Cai'er with envy.

It was only because she was lucky enough to save the boss of the demonic god Lord that she was able to achieve such a huge change.

Ignoring everything else, just the fact that the nine god Lord took her in as his adopted daughter and made her the princess of the nine God Empire was enough to make Mu Cai'er Soar to the heavens.

"This... this..."

Mo Shaoyu and Mo Shaoyu's father and grandfather stared at this scene in disbelief.

The young girl who they had ignored and even rejected the marriage was now the princess of the entire nine God Empire.

Becoming the adopted daughter of the nine God master, this...

"Father, do you think this princess will take revenge on us?"

Mo Shaoyu's father's body trembled, and cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

With the importance the nine God master placed on Mu Cai'er, if he knew that they were going to divorce Mu Cai'er, would he directly cripple them?

Perhaps even without the appearance of the Demon God master, just by the words of this princess, they would probably be punished!

Even if Mo Shaoyu's grandfather was a clan elder!

"Shaoyu, later on, see if you can redeem it. If you can marry it back..."

The black-bearded elder was no longer as arrogant as before. He pursed his lips as he spoke, feeling that the probability of this happening was somewhat slim.

"Later on, let's go over and personally apologize to Princess Mo Cai'er!"

The black-bearded Elder's face was dark as he continued speaking.

"Yes, it's grandfather!"

Mo shaoyu stared blankly at Mu Cai'er who was standing in the middle. His expression changed drastically.

If he were to marry her, then he would have to work less for his entire life.

Now...

He wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and prayed that Mu Cai'er would not pursue this matter.

"Haha, Cai'er, Hurry up and thank the Lord of the nine gods!"

And at that moment, the happiest person was undoubtedly the wood god of the Wood God tribe.

The strength of the entire wood god tribe was not very strong among the nine tribes. It could only be ranked in the middle.

There was only one longevity expert in the entire wood god tribe.

Now, the Wood God saw that Mu Cai'er had been directly made a princess of the Nine Gods Empire and became the goddaughter of the nine gods.

He had to nurture her vigorously.

In addition, with the relationship with the mysterious young master, Mu Cai'er could almost become a longevity expert in the future.

No matter what, Mu Cai'er was still a disciple of the wood god tribe. This was of great benefit to the entire wood god tribe.

"Thank you, Lord Nine God!"

Mu Cai'er slowly regained her senses. Looking at all the experts of the nine gods empire, everyone in the nine gods empire looked at her with flushed faces. They hurriedly shouted.

"Keke, just call me foster father!"

"In the past, Boss saved my life. I, Mo Sha, swear that in the future, I will not hesitate even if I have to risk my life for Boss!"

"Since you saved Boss'life, I, Mo Sha, will naturally be grateful to you. Hence, you can just call me foster father in the future. You are welcome!"

Mo Sha laughed out loud as he spoke. On the one hand, he didn't forget to lick Wang Xian.

On the other hand, he didn't forget to show his character of being loyal.

"Yes, Godfather!"

Mu Cai'er looked at Wang Xian who was smiling from the side. After hesitating for a moment, she shouted at Mo Sha.

"Alright, Alright!"

Mo Sha Smiled.

"The Master of the nine gods is passionate about loyalty. We are impressed!"

Wood God hurriedly praised Mo Sha.

This made Mo Sha feel great!

Back when he wanted to become the nine gods master, the biggest obstacle was not his own strength.

In the nine gods empire, the strong were the emperors.

But because he had once knelt before a young man in public, this was an insult to the other longevity experts in the nine gods empire.

The dignified nine gods master had once knelt before a young man. How was that proper.

Later on, when Mo Sha suppressed them with his powerful strength, they had no choice but to make him the master of the nine gods.

Now that they heard that the young man was their savior, they were completely relieved.

Furthermore, after witnessing the strength of this mysterious young master Wang, they no longer had any ill feelings in their hearts.

Instead, they felt that the master of the nine gods valued friendship and loyalty.

"You guys can continue. I Won't Disturb You Anymore!"

Wang Xian smiled at the side and said to Mo Sha.

"Alright, Fengyun, bring boss to the divine peak of the Master of the nine gods!"

Mo Sha nodded and said to Patriarch Fengyun.

"Alright!"

Fengyun gestured to Wang Xian and the two of them immediately flew towards the divine peak of the Master of the nine gods.

After Wang Xian and the rest left, Mo sha smiled and patted Mu Cai'er's head, making her stand at the side.

Following that, the smile on his face slowly disappeared.

Everyone around felt Mo Sha's smile disappear and a majestic aura was emitted from his body.

Everyone's heart trembled.

"Demon God, what happened just now!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Mo Sha said to Mo Gui Lin with a majestic tone.

After he became the Master of the nine gods, Mo Gui Lin once again ascended to the position of Demon God.

"Master of the nine gods, it's..."

Mo Gui Lin immediately approached and whispered.

Just now, he had already understood everything.

"Get rid of it!"

Mo Sha Heard Mo Gui Lin's report and said indifferently.

"Yes!"

Mo Gui Lin nodded respectfully, his gaze slowly looking at Mo Ling Zi.

"Lord Devil God, Lord of the nine gods, I was wrong..."

When Mo Lingzi saw Devil Scale's gaze landing on his body, his body instantly collapsed on the ground, his face full of terror as he spoke.

"Weng!"

However, there wasn't the slightest fluctuation on Devil Scale's face, and a ball of terrifying black flame landed on his body.

In an instant, he was reduced to ashes!

When everyone saw this scene, their hearts slightly trembled.

Especially the powerful disciples from the other tribes, they felt their scalps go numb.

Mo Lingzi was the most outstanding young genius of their Devil tribe, he had reached the sixth level of the profound void stage at such a young age.

However, after offending that young master Wang, he was still killed.

One could imagine how much that young master Wang was in the heart of the Lord of the nine gods.

"The nine gods worship continues!"

Mo Sha finished dealing with Mo Lingzi and softly shouted.

"Weng!"

Mo Sha's body moved and brought Mu Cai'er to the seat of the nine gods master.

He sat majestically on the seat of the nine gods master.

Mu Cai'er stood there at a loss!

"Greetings to the nine gods master, greetings to the Monarch Master!"

In an instant, all the longevity experts bowed heavily. Under their longevity, they knelt on the ground and loudly shouted.