Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1709: In 1709, the vast region underwent a great change

In front of the divine peak of the nine gods, Mo Sha sat upright on the divine throne, his gaze sweeping over the tens of thousands of people around him.

After today, he would be the emperor of the nine gods empire, the nine gods Emperor!

Below the stage, Mu Cai'er's father was kneeling on the ground with a dumbfounded expression. Looking at the beautiful figure standing beside the divine throne, his expression was extremely complicated.

This daughter of his, who he had never paid much attention to, had actually become an existence that even he had to look up to.

When he thought of this, his emotions were extremely complicated.

In the future, he might even have to be respectful when speaking to her.

"Young master Wang, during the one and a half years since you disappeared, I have been so worried. I am relieved to see that you are able to return!"

While the nine gods worship ceremony was being held in the nine gods empire, Feng Yun brought Wang Xian to the main god peak of the nine gods and spoke to him.

"Nothing will happen to me!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his head. He looked at Feng Yun curiously and asked, "Didn't you say you were going to the vast region? Why didn't You Go There?"

"Instead, you're in the Nine Gods Empire?"

"Something happened!"

When Feng Yun heard Wang Xian's words, her face darkened. "I didn't expect the Phoenix dynasty to do such a thing!"

"Not long after you left, the Phoenix Dynasty sent people to question why their soldiers were killed!"

"At that time, the Phoenix Dynasty requested us to take out half of the spoils of war. If we don't take it out, they will hold the fire lark tribe accountable!"

As Feng Yun spoke, her face was gloomy and a little angry.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. He didn't expect the Phoenix dynasty to interfere in this matter.

"Later on, I naturally couldn't agree. I gave the life and death herb garden directly to Mo sha so that he could use the power of the nine God Empire!"

"On account of you, young master Wang, Mo Sha agreed very easily. He announced that the Weapon Peak and the life and death herb garden belonged to the nine God Empire!"

"Furthermore, Mo Sha used the life and death herb garden as an advantage. He made the other eight tribes and the previous nine God master agree. The entire nine God Empire opened their mouths, and the Phoenix dynasty could only give in!"

"As for our fire cloud sparrow tribe, we directly moved into the Weapon Peak. The Phoenix dynasty naturally did not dare to do anything to us, but the fire cloud mountain range was occupied by the sacred fire tribe!"

Feng Yun continued to speak with a solemn face.

"Let the Phoenix Empire continue to be arrogant for a few more years!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. "I'm preparing to return tomorrow. The next time we meet, it might be the time for the establishment of the sixth great empire in the supernatural continent!"

"With you around, I believe in You!"

Feng Yun smiled.

"Don't worry, it won't take long!"

Wang Xian said confidently.

"Boss!"

While Wang Xian and the rest were chatting, Mo Sha came to the divine peak and shouted.

"Boss, which faction did you get injured by? I'll go and kill them!"

He walked over with a fawning expression and said proudly.

Now that he had become the leader of the nine gods, he could be said to be one of the five most powerful people in the entire continent.

He had the right to say such words.

"I have already killed those who caused me to be injured. However, that faction still exists!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and said mockingly to Mo Sha.

"HMM? Still exists? Boss told me that I will bring people to destroy them immediately!"

"In this extraordinary continent, I'm not afraid even if it's the other empires. Keke!"

Mo Sha smiled proudly. His face was filled with strong confidence.

"Dragon Race, Go!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

However, the smile on Mo Sha's face disappeared as soon as Wang Xian finished his words. His face turned stiff.

"This... this... boss, you're not joking, right? Dragon... Dragon Race?"

Mo Sha stared at Wang Xian with his eyes wide open. His brows were trembling.

"Young master Wang, the injuries on your body, could it really be..."

Feng Yun, who was at the side, frowned and asked nervously as well.

"It's just the dragon race. Why are you guys so nervous?"

Wang Xian saw their expressions and raised his eyebrows.

"Boss, that's the dragon race. Do you know how many longevity-level powerhouses there are in the Dragon Race?"

"There are at least a thousand dragon emperors in total. Even if the five empires were to join forces, it would be easy for the dragon race to wipe them out!"

Mo sha shouted. His eyes were filled with fear when he mentioned the dragon race.

In the past, he was confident that he could reach the top of the transcendent continent and look down on all creatures, even the dragon race.

However, ever since he became the nine God Emperor Lord, he realized that even if he gathered all the resources in the nine God Empire, he could only reach the fifth level of longevity. At most, he could reach the sixth level. He completely dismissed this idea!

"The Dragon Race is invincible. Most of the resources in the entire transcendence continent are in the hands of the dragon race. It's impossible to fight against the Dragon Race!"

Feng Yun added on from the side.

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian heard their fearful words, he chuckled, "It seems that the invincibility of the dragon race has been deeply rooted in the hearts of the People!"

"The dragon race has more than 5,000 dragon emperors and Dragon Emperors. There is even an existence above the dragon emperor. They should not have ignited the divine fire, condensed the Divine Spark, and established the Divine Kingdom!"

He added nonchalantly.

"What?"

Wang Xian's words shocked Fengyun and Mo Sha.

Even though they knew how powerful the dragon race was, they didn't dare to imagine that there were more than 5,000 longevity experts.

There were more than 5,000 of them!

There were only a dozen longevity experts in the entire nine God Empire?

"Be prepared. In the future, we will become enemies with the Dragon Race!"

Wang Xian patted Mo Sha's shoulder lightly and said faintly.

"This... this... boss..."

The corner of Mo Sha's mouth twitched. His eyes were filled with fear.

"The Dragon Race is not invincible. The Dragon Palace is. Alright, I will not stay here any longer. I want to return to the vast region!"

"I will leave the matter of Mu Cai'er to you. Train her well!"

Wang Xian said to Mo Sha and the rest.

"Boss, this..."

Mo Sha looked at Wang Xian and wanted to say something.

Wang Xian gestured to them and flew out.

Looking at Wang Xian's figure, Mo sha and Feng Yun's eyes sparkled.

"Five years ago, when I met Young Master Wang, he was only at the extraordinary realm!"

Feng Yun looked at his disappearing figure and said slowly.

"Six years? When I met boss two years ago, he was at the eighth level of the Seethrough void tier. Now, he is at the third level of longevity!"

Mo Sha's tightly knitted brows slowly relaxed.

"It has been hundreds of thousands of years since the birth of a god in our extraordinary continent. Perhaps..."

Feng Yun muttered.

For hundreds of thousands of years, there was a saying in the extraordinary continent. That was that the divine path had been broken and it was impossible for any living creature to become a god.

Seeing Wang Xian, this saying might be about to be broken.

They might be lucky enough to witness the birth of a God!