Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1710: The vast area of 1710 underwent a huge change

After Wang Xian left the nine gods empire, he teleported to the direction of the vast area.

Before coming to the vast area, Wang Xian promised the girls that he would be back within a year.

Due to the accident, he had been in a coma for a year. It had been one and a half years since he left the Dragon Palace.

"After I return, I'm afraid I'll have to give them a good beating!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he flew towards the dragon palace at his fastest speed.

The vast region was still too far away from the central continent. Even though he had the strength of a level three longevity expert, the distance of a few million kilometers was still very far.

After flying continuously for dozens of hours, Wang Xian finally arrived at the sea of desolation.

An hour later, he arrived at the top of the Dragon Palace with a smile on his face.

He looked at the jewelry that he had crafted with longevity-grade materials along the way and smiled gently.

After leaving for a few long periods of time, he was already experienced. He had to prepare a gift to coax his wife.

Buzz

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Welcome, Dragon King, back to the Palace!"

Upon entering the Dragon Palace, the Yakshas who were on patrol immediately shouted respectfully.

Wang Xian waved his hand and entered the Dragon Palace directly. His figure flashed and he instantly arrived at the Dragon King's Hall.

"Eh?"

When Wang Xian arrived at the Dragon King's Hall, he realized that there were not many people in the entire Dragon King's Hall.

"Dragon King!"

When Lady Ao saw him return, she immediately swam over and called out respectfully.

"Lady Ao, where are the Dragon Queen and Prime Minister Gui?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked directly.

"Dragon King, the Dragon Queen, Prime Minister Gui, and Emperor Phoenix are currently at the ruins of the Divine Kingdom!"

Ao nu answered immediately.

"The ruins of the divine kingdom? What Happened?"

Wang Xian asked immediately.

"During the year and a half since you left, Dragon King, there were huge changes at the ruins of the divine kingdom. The Wuji Empire opened the secret realm in the ruins of the divine kingdom and obtained huge resources from it!"

"The two patriarchs of the Wuji Dynasty broke through to the half-step to the realm of longevity. They subdued the lone sect and the southern royal family directly

"The two patriarchs of the Wuji Dynasty wanted to destroy the dragon-phoenix dynasty. Little Blue, who had consumed the life stone, also broke through to the half-step to the realm of longevity and resisted them

"Later, the Phoenix Emperor also had a breakthrough. She was not at a disadvantage when facing the two patriarchs of the Wuji dynasty. Therefore, the battle was moved to the ruins of the divine kingdom

"Some parts of the ruins of the divine kingdom were opened up by the Wuji Empire. Now, Prime Minister GUI is leading the members of the Dragon Palace to search for resources with the Dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

"But recently, the Wuji Empire seems to have found the entrance to the main hall of the Divine Kingdom!"

Ao nu introduced to Wang Xian.

"The ruins of the divine kingdom have been opened up?"

Wang Xian revealed a surprised expression.

The ruins of the divine kingdom in the vast region was the most precious land in the entire vast region and even the transcendent continent.

Although the entire ruins of the divine kingdom could not be compared to the ten-fingered divine peaks of the nine God Empire, it was not much weaker.

The Sacred Land of the Fire Cloud Sparrow, the fire cloud mountain range, the life and Death Herb Garden, and the weapon peaks could not be compared to the ruins of the divine kingdom at all.

According to Wang Xian's understanding, the owner of the entire ruins of the divine kingdom should be at the ninth level of longevity or an existence who was about to step into the realm of God after igniting the divine fire.

After all, to be able to build a divine kingdom, even if it was just a ruin, it was still extremely terrifying.

"I heard from the leaders that it is about to be opened!"

Ao nu said with some uncertainty.

"I'll go over First!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew out of the Dragon Palace, heading towards the direction of the ruins of the divine kingdom.

The distance from the ruins of the divine kingdom to the Dragon Palace was not very far. With his speed, he could reach it in more than an hour.

Boom! Boom! Boom

When he approached the ruins of the Kingdom of God, waves of terrifying dark energy came from the inside of the ruins.

The powerful force made even Wang Xian fearful.

"What a powerful aura. It seems that the ruins of the Kingdom of God have really been opened!"

Wang Xian had a solemn expression on his face as he looked towards the front of the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

At this moment, the position in front of the ruins of the Kingdom of God had undergone a huge change from when he left.

The ruins of the Kingdom of God that were originally occupied by various factions had now become two cities that faced each other from afar.

Each city was protected by a powerful array formation. There were also powerful weapons that Wang Xian was more familiar with in one of the cities.

It was the mechanical blueprint that the fire lark tribe had sent over.

It was a weapon that could kill a top-notch expert in the dimension sundering realm. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The two cities were rather simple and crude. There were many buildings that had not been built properly.

Wang Xian moved his body and flew towards the city with the words "Dragon and Phoenix"written on it.

He swept his gaze over and realized that Guan Shuqing and the other girls were not inside.

"Are they inside?"

He did not enter the city but flew towards the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

After flying for more than ten kilometers, he saw mercenary groups flying out.

"The struggle inside is too intense. It will be dangerous if we enter again!"

"I heard that the entire ruins of the Kingdom of God will be opened soon. Oh My God, once the ruins of the Kingdom of God are opened, whichever side obtains it will rule the entire vast region!"

"In the current situation, the Wuji Empire is at an absolute advantage. After all, they have explored the ruins of the divine kingdom for close to 10,000 years. And this time, they are able to open it all because of the Wuji Empire!"

"It's very possible. After all, the dragon-phoenix Empire has only been in the vast region for a year. Their foundations are completely incomparable to the Wuji Empire. Once the Wuji Empire obtains the ruins of the divine kingdom, they will definitely destroy the dragon-phoenix Empire immediately. Who knows, the Wuji Empire might be able to establish an empire!"

"It's very possible. It's been rumored for a long time that any faction that can control the ruins of the divine kingdom would be able to establish an empire. This is an empire!"

While flying in the air, Wang Xian heard the conversations of a few hundred people from the mercenary group in front of him.

Hearing their discussions, Wang Xian paused for a moment and frowned slightly.

"Get out of the way!"

Just as Wang Xian stopped in mid-air, a cold shout came from behind.

"It's the newly established dark martial arts of the Wuji Empire. Let's get out of the way!"

"That... That's the crown prince of the Wuji Empire, Wu Qing city. Recently, the Crown Prince of Wu Qing city has been in the limelight!"

"The Crown Prince of Wu Qing city has obtained a great opportunity in the ruins of the divine kingdom. His strength has directly risen to the eighth level of the Seethrough realm. I heard that he even has the ability to control the soul of darkness. It's too heaven-defying!"

"In the past few days, the Crown Prince of Wuqing city has been awe-inspiring. He single-handedly killed dozens of dragon and Phoenix Empire's insightful void tier experts. No one can match him!"

Hearing the cold shout from behind, the members of the mercenary group hurriedly respectfully made way for him.

A group of more than 20 middle-aged men dressed in black flew forward. The leader was the powerful and handsome crown prince of Wuqing City. He had a dignified look on his face. He was like the son of heaven.

Compared to the previous crown prince, the current him was even more confident and powerful.

The aura of an emperor had already been formed.

"Eh?"

When Wuqing City flew forward expressionlessly, he suddenly raised his eyebrows when he saw the figure in the sky.