Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1711: 1711. I am no longer the person I used to be

"Your Highness, what is it?"

In the void in front of the divine kingdom ruins, Wu Qing Cheng's figure suddenly stopped. The two elders beside him were slightly stunned and immediately asked.

"I met an acquaintance!"

Wu Qing Cheng's gaze flickered as he stared expressionlessly at the figure in front of him. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he raised his head slightly, revealing a confident expression.

"An acquaintance?"

The people behind Wu Qingcheng were slightly taken aback. They followed his gaze and looked in the direction of the figure in front of them.

"That's... The Sky Demon! It's the Sky Demon!"

"It's him! It's the Sky Demon!"

The middle-aged elders behind Wu Qingcheng were slightly taken aback when they saw Wang Xian floating in the sky. Following that, their pupils contracted slightly as they revealed a nervous expression.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang

They immediately picked up the weapons in their hands and beads of cold sweat appeared on their foreheads.

As experts from the Wuji Empire, they were naturally very familiar with the figure in front of them.

The name of the sky demon once shook the entire vast region!

The Sky Demon once caused half of the expedition armies of the three major factions in the vast region to be lost!

The Skyfiend had once caused the three major factions to submit and split the vast region in half!

The vast region had become the current situation because of the skyfiend! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A heaven-defying and incomparably terrifying expert!

Now that they saw the Skyfiend suddenly appear before their eyes, the fear that came from the bottom of their hearts rushed to their hearts as they stared at him with a face full of nervousness and vigilance.

"What? That's the skyfiend!"

"Oh my God, it really is the Sky Demon. I recognize this figure. It's the Sky Demon!"

"The Sky Demon has actually appeared. He hasn't appeared in the battle for more than a year. What is he doing here this time?"

"Hiss, the Sky Demon has actually bumped into the crown prince of Wuqing City. This..."

The surrounding members of the mercenary group looked over. They also had shocked expressions on their faces as their pupils constricted.

The name of the Sky Demon was like thunder in one's ears!

Wang Xian also saw the group of people from Wu Qing city. At this moment, he was sizing him up curiously.

"Sky Demon, I didn't expect to meet you here!"

Wu Qing city looked at Wang Xian. There was no fear on his face as he said faintly.

"Hehe, your luck is really not good!"

Wang Xian looked at Wu Qing city and shook his head faintly. "Two years ago, I saved your life. Today, take it back!"

"Crown prince, you should leave First!"

"Your Highness, be careful!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the subordinates behind Wu Qing Cheng said anxiously.

"The Sky Demon wants to kill Wu Qing Cheng!"

"It's over. Wu Qing Cheng actually met the sky demon here. It's over!"

The people from the surrounding mercenary groups were also slightly shocked.

"Haha, Sky Demon, Do You Think My Wu Qing Cheng is still the same as before?"

However, at this moment, Wu Qing city laughed out loud, and his face was filled with a willful expression!

"In the past, your Sky Demon was the person that my Wu Qing city respected the most. You possess strength that even I look up to at such a young age!"

"With your own strength, you made our Wu Ji Empire lower its head. You are truly unparalleled in the world!"

The dark energy on Wu Qing city's body surged up, and his face was filled with excitement.

The aura of an expert at level eight of the Seethrough realm filled the surroundings. It was extremely powerful.

"Oh? I'm the one who gave you this life. It's only right for you to respect me!"

Wang Xian looked at Wu Qingcheng's strange behavior. He raised his eyebrows and said with a smile.

"Haha, that's right. You're the one who gave me this life. If it wasn't for your sky demon expelling the dark soul in my body, I might have already died!"

Wu Qing Cheng was still laughing. "Here, I would like to thank you again for saving my life!"

As he spoke, he bowed deeply to Wang Xian.

After bowing, he stood up slowly. A strong desire to fight shot out from Wu Qing Cheng's eyes. "However, you shouldn't have done that. You Sky Demon shouldn't have made an enemy out of our Wuji Empire. You shouldn't have killed our patriarch!"

"So today, I will personally kill you, I want to let the entire vast region know, I Wuqing City can suppress the Sky Demon, Ha Ha!"

He said, with a grim smile on his face, more excited.

An exhilaration that could slay the demons of the vast and mighty.

Wuqing City of a number of men and the surrounding mercenary group looked at this scene with a stunned face.

This... was Wu Qing city crazy?

He was only at level eight of the Seethrough void tier. A year and a half ago, the Sky Demon was already able to kill a level nine of the Seethrough Void Tier!

Now, even if the Sky Demon's strength didn't increase, it could still easily crush him. What about the Crown Prince of Wu Qing City?

"With just you?"

Wang Xian looked at the excited Wu Qing City and revealed a teasing expression.

"That's right. Just Me. Today, I will let you experience the current Wu Qing City and the current me!"

A strong sense of confidence came from Wu Qing city.

"Prepare to die. After I destroy you, the dragon-phoenix Empire and Your Dragon Palace will be destroyed. In the future, the entire vast region will belong to our Wuji Empire. Haha!"

Wu Qing Cheng licked his lips excitedly as waves of demonic qi flowed out of his body.

The demonic qi flowing out of his body was a bit strange. It was as if the demonic Qi had a life of its own.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The demonic qi started to condense in front of him and finally condensed into a human-shaped shadow.

Terrifying roars sounded from the dark shadow as a violent and bloody aura rushed out in all directions.

"Hiss, this... This Is?"

The subordinates standing behind Wu Qing Cheng flew backwards with pale faces.

That violent and bloody aura made their faces extremely pale as they looked at the crown prince in shock.

"What a terrifying aura. Is this the dark soul?"

"What... What a powerful dark soul. What grade is this? Oh My God!"

The members of the mercenary group who were not far away also retreated backward in fear. As they felt the terrifying aura of the darkness soul, their faces turned extremely pale.

"Priest Wang, are you familiar with it? Darkness Soul, a half-step-to-longevity-level darkness soul. Haha!"

Wu Qingcheng stared at the darkness soul in front of him and stared at Wang Xian mockingly. "I wonder if you have the ability to deal with a half-step-to-longevity-level darkness soul?"

"I obtained this soul of darkness two hours ago with a great opportunity. It can be incorporated into my body and be used by me. Even an expert who is half a step away from the longevity level can kill it with the special characteristics of the Soul of Darkness!"

"Therefore, Sky Demon, even if you have reached half a step away from the longevity level, you must die today!"

You Must Die Too!

The last four words reverberated within a radius of tens of kilometers.

"Gulu, I... Our crown prince has obtained such a terrifying soul of darkness. It's too powerful!"

"Haha, No Wonder the crown prince is so confident. With this soul of darkness, our crown prince can definitely kill the Sky Demon Today!"

"After today, the entire vast region will be shaken!"