Chapter 1712: 1712 was like a god and a demon

"The Crown Prince of Wuqing City is actually able to obtain such a great opportunity. Heavens, in the future, who will be able to stop him!"

"Who would have thought that the invincible Sky Demon would be killed by the crown prince of Wuqing City. Who would have thought!"

"It seems that Wuji dynasty is about to rise up completely. I reckon that it won't be long before the entire vast region will be ruled by them!"

In the surrounding area, the members of the mercenary group also roared in a low voice, their faces filled with shock.

They had never expected that the crown prince of Wuqing City would be able to control a terrifying half-step-to-longevity soul of darkness.

The current Wuqing City was only around fifty years old.

With such terrifying strength and opportunities at the age of fifty years old, even if it was placed in the entire transcendental continent, it would still be an exceptionally terrifying existence.

And today, if Wu Qing city were to kill the sky demon again, the entire vast region would become his legend.

"Wu Qing city, you are really confident!"

Wang Xian looked at Wu Qing City, who was staring at him with an excited and malevolent expression. A faint sneer appeared on his face.

"Haha, Sky Demon, don't even think about escaping today!"

Wu Qing city laughed out loud. His body shook and waves of powerful demonic Qi were activated instantly.

"Darkness Soul, listen to my command. Kill him!"

He roared and waved his arm. The Darkness Soul in front of him opened its white pupils.

It had a pitch-black body and a pair of pale white pupils. The entire darkness soul emitted a strange and terrifying aura.

"Die!"

His gaze was locked onto Wang Xian. His figure flashed and he attacked Wang Xian directly.

"Sky Demon, after I kill you, I will stand at the top of the entire vast region!"

Wu Qing Cheng was so excited that his body was trembling when he saw the darkness soul making a move. He stared at it intently.

"Do you guys think that Sky Demon is a match for the Darkness Soul of the Crown Prince of Wu Qing City?"

"It's not like you don't know how powerful the Darkness Soul is. Even if the strength of Sky Demon has broken through to half-step longevity realm in the past year and a half, he wouldn't be a match for the Darkness Soul. After all, the darkness soul is very special and strange!"

The people from the mercenary group at the side watched in astonishment when they saw the soul of darkness making a move.

"It wants to kill me!"

Wang Xian listened to Wu Qingcheng's low growl and the discussion of the members of the mercenary group. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

He stared at the soul of darkness in front of him indifferently. His eyes were filled with contempt.

Not to mention that he had the strength of level three Wanshou, even if he also had half-step Wanshou, this soul of darkness was not a match for him.

Seeing that the darkness soul was already more than ten meters away from him, Wang Xian slowly raised his arm.

Buzz

A shadow of the yin-yang Taiji pattern appeared in front of his palm.

The Yin-yang Taiji slowly circulated.

"Die!"

The Darkness Soul roared ferociously. Its pale eyes were filled with killing intent.

However, at this moment, the powerful, terrifying and violent darkness soul was directly absorbed by the yin-yang Taiji.

In just an instant, the soul of darkness turned into a pure energy and entered the heart of darkness. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian took a look and realized that it had turned into a stream of dragon qi. A faint smile appeared on his face!

"What?"

An unbelievable roar came from the front.

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at Wu Qing city.

At this moment, Wu Qing city's excited face was completely frozen. He stared at Wang Xian in disbelief.

"No, this is impossible. This is impossible!"

He shook his head in disbelief and growled in a low voice.

What the hell was going on?

His powerful and invincible darkness soul. He had obtained the half-step longevity darkness soul under a great opportunity.

He charged to the front of the Sky Demon. The Sky Demon merely stretched out his hand and his darkness soul vanished instantly!

How was this possible? That was a half-step longevity soul!

"What's going on? What Happened?"

"Why did our Crown Prince's darkness soul directly disappear?"

The subordinates of Wu Qing city also looked on in astonishment.

As for the members of the mercenary group, they were already dumbfounded.

"Hehe, you think that you can kill me just because you have a half-step into the Longevity Realm Darkness Soul?"

"Wu Qing Cheng, you are really stupid. I can save your life. Now, I will take it away!"

Wang Xian looked at Wu Qing Cheng mockingly and slowly extended his palm.

Buzz

An invisible gray palm instantly appeared on Wu Qing Cheng's neck. The powerful force made him feel suffocated.

"You... you..."

He widened his eyes and stared at Wang Xian, who was standing there casually. His eyes were filled with fear.

"Die!"

Wang Xian said calmly as he clenched his arm gently.

His grayish palm pressed down on his neck and exerted force gently.

The sound of bones breaking was heard. Wu Qingcheng's pupils dilated and his body trembled. His eyes were filled with panic and despair.

"No, no, don't kill me. I don't want to die yet. Don't kill me!"

A hoarse growl came out from his mouth. His eyes were filled with begging for mercy.

He had just obtained a great opportunity. He was only in his fifties. In the future, he would definitely stand at the top of the supernatural continent.

Now...

Why was the Sky Demon so terrifying?

Why was the invincible him now like an ant in front of the Sky Demon?

How could this be?

Before his death, Wu Qing Cheng's mind was filled with countless questions and endless regret.

Wang Xian took a glance at Wu Qing Cheng's corpse indifferently. There was not the slightest fluctuation on his face.

A mere eighth level void interpretation realm expert, even if he had obtained a great opportunity, was still not worth mentioning in front of him.

"This... this... you actually killed our crown prince, you..."

At the back, Wu Qing Cheng's subordinates looked at Wang Xian with fear on their faces. Their faces were filled with cold sweat.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his hand and streams of destructive power landed on their bodies.

Following that, Wang Xian waved his arm and stored all the corpses into his interspatial ring.

He glanced at the members of the mercenary group beside him indifferently. Then, he moved and continued flying forward.

Gulp

Seeing Wang Xian leave, the members of the mercenary group gulped and looked at each other in shock.

"How... how strong is the skydemon Now?"

"I... I don't know. With the strength of Wu Qing City, I was already invincible in the vast region. I didn't expect that... I was killed in one move!"

"From the beginning until the end, the skydemon stood there and didn't move a single step. With a wave of his hand, the half-step longevity soul of darkness was destroyed. Wu Qing city was destroyed. This was definitely not something that a void interpretation stage powerhouse could do!"

"Sky Demon, as expected of that invincible Sky Demon. Let's go to dragon-phoenix city. Next, it might be the dragon-phoenix Empire's world!"

The members of the mercenary group shouted in a low voice in fear.

This was the first time they had seen such a terrifying expert.

With one move, he destroyed the half-step longevity darkness soul.

He was like a god and a demon!