Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1713: 1713 Wuji Empire 1

"I didn't expect the Wuji Empire to obtain so many resources in there!"

"To think that Wu Qing city could advance to the eighth level of the Seethrough void stage so quickly and control a half-step longevity level soul of Darkness!"

Wang Xian continued to fly towards the interior of the ruins of the Kingdom of God. Soon, the entire ruins appeared in his line of sight.

Compared to the past, many places with restrictions had been opened.

The entire dark ruins was filled with the smell of blood.

"Wu Wu Wu!"

At this moment, a muffled roar came from the center of the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

Wang Xian quickly looked over and saw a huge figure flying into the sky. There was a terrifying wound on his huge body.

There were nearly 10,000 people hiding in his mouth.

There was a gigantic black hole in the sky above him. He moved his body and entered the black hole directly.

"Xiao Lan!"

Wang Xian looked at the gigantic figure and frowned slightly.

"Haha, Run. Where can you people from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire run to? I'm telling all of you to prepare to die!"

At this moment, a voice that was filled with size resounded throughout the entire ruins of the divine kingdom.

The voice was filled with excitement.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. He could vaguely see a figure floating in the middle of the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

"Very soon, very soon, the army of our Wuji Empire Will Flatten Your Dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

The voice filled with excitement and dignity continued to be heard. The figure in the center looked up at the black hole that had disappeared. His face was filled with a ghastly expression.

Wang Xian's figure flashed and flew directly toward the center.

In the center of the Kingdom of God's ruins, there was a dense cluster of buildings. The entire area below was completely blocked by the black buildings.

When he flew over, the figure from earlier had already entered.

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and moved his body. He wanted to enter the center.

However, the indestructible buildings made it impossible for him to enter.

"What a strong material. It's definitely made from a rare material of the longevity level!"

A strange look flashed across Wang Xian's eyes.

He circled around the ruins of the Kingdom of God. He didn't find anyone, not even the people from the Wuji Empire.

"How did the person from the Wuji Empire enter just now?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"As expected of the ruins of the Kingdom of God. With my current strength, I can't even find the entrance!"

"That's true. This ruins of the Kingdom of God has been standing here for hundreds of thousands of years. It's possible that the Dragon Emperor and the Dragon King of the dragon race have come to investigate!"

"Even so, it hasn't been cracked open. It's not something that I can enter easily!"

"But now, it seems that the people from the Wuji Empire have found a way to enter!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

The Wuji Empire's solipsistic sect and the southern royal family had searched for tens of thousands of years before they finally found a way to enter.

"Even if they found a way to enter the ruins of the divine kingdom, there's nothing to worry about. Let's go look for Shu Qing and the rest first!"

Wang Xian thought to himself and immediately flew out.

His figure flashed and teleported a few hundred kilometers away.

However, the moment Wang Xian left, more than a hundred people appeared out of thin air above the ruins of the divine kingdom.

These 100 people were dressed in the uniform of the Wuji Empire. At this moment, their faces were filled with excitement.

"Hahaha, the people from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire actually escaped!"

"We have already obtained the entire ruins of the divine kingdom. With the resources in the ruins of the divine kingdom, the Wuji Empire will soon be invincible in the world!"

"When Patriarch Dark Eye and patriarch dark ancient's strength rise to the demigod realm, it will be the time for the destruction of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. This time will soon arrive!"

"Come, let's gather all the forces of the Wuji Empire and announce that the era of our Wuji Empire has arrived!"

More than a hundred people were discussing excitedly.

"Nangong Wudi, the dark eye elder admires your talent and ability. Right now, your harvest in the God Country Ruins is second only to the crown prince of Wuqing City. If you perform well in the upcoming war, you will be second only to the crown prince among the younger generation!"

In the middle of more than a hundred people, an elder from Wuji Empire said to a young man beside him.

The young man was dressed in a light red flame costume. He wore gloves on his fists, and his eyes were filled with disdain.

"Don't worry, I, Nangong Wudi, am not weaker than the crown prince. Next, I will use my fists to open a path of invincibility!"

The youth's face revealed a strong sense of confidence.

"Let's go, gather all our strength and prepare to attack the dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

The group of people moved and quickly flew out of the god country ruins.

"At most five days, we will be able to break through to the longevity realm. Haha, the era of our Wuji Empire has arrived!"

"Before long, our Wuji Empire will change its name to the Wuji Empire!"

"When we break through, we will immediately announce the establishment of the Martial Pole Empire!"

In a towering building in the center of the God nation ruins, three figures stood below the three black spheres.

Excited voices came from their mouths!

In the three two-meter-long spheres, three extremely terrifying darkness souls were sealed.

The three human figures below were absorbing the energy of the dark souls and advancing to the longevity realm.

In front of them, over a thousand experts at the profound void realm were kneeling there.

The leader was the Supreme Sect Master of the solipsistic sect, the two ancestors of the southern royal family.

Ever since the Wuji Empire obtained the divine tree in the Divine Lake, the two ancestors of the Wuji Empire had made a breakthrough in their strength and immediately subdued the other two great factions in the vast region.

Currently, there were only two factions in the vast region. One was the Wuji Empire, and the other was the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

However, very soon, there would only be one faction in the vast region!

Buzz

In the Dragon and Phoenix city in the ruins of the divine kingdom, Wang Xian's figure appeared out of thin air in the sky.

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin and yang five elements swept across, and the figures of Feng Luan, Qing Yue, Shu Qing, and the rest appeared in their line of sight.

With a flash, he appeared directly in front of them.

"The Wuji Empire is now in complete control of the ruins of the divine kingdom. With the extremely powerful resources in the divine kingdom, it won't be long before their strength will completely suppress us. Sister Feng Luan, what do you think we should do?"

"That fellow, Xiao Xian, has been gone for a year and a half. His wife has been bullied and he still hasn't returned. This fellow..."

When Wang Xian's figure appeared in the room, a group of girls complained.

This made the smile on his face stiffen.

"Huh?"

"Huh?"

The first to react were Feng Luan and Lan Qingyue, who were the strongest.

Sensing the figure that suddenly appeared in the room, the two of them were slightly shocked. When they saw Wang Xian, their eyes revealed a trace of joy.

"AH, Xiao Xian, you're finally here!"

"Bastard, you still know to come back. Didn't you promise to come back within a year? Count how long you've Been Gone!"

"That's right. Is there a beauty in the central continent region that attracted you and made you reluctant to come back?"