Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1714: 1714 Wuji Empire 2

The grumbling voices made Wang Xian admit defeat with a smile.

Seeing all the girls staring at him with angry eyes, he couldn't help but shrink his head.

"Ahem, there were some accidents along the way. Some accidents!"

Wang Xian laughed dryly. "Come, come, my beautiful ladies. Look at the gifts I brought you. Ahem, ahem, it wasn't easy for me to get these!"

Wang Xian took out the jewelry that he had prepared earlier and took them out one by one.

"Old routine!"

The ladies rolled their eyes at him. However, when they saw the glowing and extremely beautiful jewelry, their eyes were filled with love as they took it.

"Don't think that these items can get rid of your crimes!"

"That's right. You are free and unfettered outside while we are suffering and being bullied here!"

After the group of girls put on their jewelry happily, they started to criticize again.

"Whoever dares to make you suffer and suffer, whoever dares to bully you, I'll take care of them!"

Wang Xian immediately patted his chest and promised with a smile on his face.

"We'll teach you a good lesson later. Xiao Xian, since you're here, do you understand the current situation in the vast region?"

Lan Qingyue asked Wang Xian.

"I understand a little, but I'm still not clear about the specific situation!"

Wang Xian shook his head and sat at the side.

The group of girls were also sitting at the side, looking at Feng Luan.

"Our current situation is not optimistic. We didn't expect that not long after you left, the ruins of the divine kingdom would be slowly opened!"

"Fortunately, we discovered it in time and fought with the Wuji Empire. However, not long ago, the Wuji Empire had completely occupied the ruins of the Divine Kingdom!"

"With the huge amount of resources in the ruins of the divine kingdom, it was sufficient to create a longevity-level powerhouse. After all, that was an inheritance left behind by a powerhouse close to the level of a God!"

Feng Luan pondered for a moment and said to Wang Xian.

"Currently, there are four to five half-step longevity-level powerhouses in the Wuji Empire. This time, Xiao Lan risked her life to escape from the ruins of the Divine Kingdom!"

Lan qingyue added, "Once the strength of the Wuji Empire grows stronger, or if they give birth to a longevity-level powerhouse, they will definitely take action to destroy the Dragon and Phoenix Empire and deal with our Dragon Palace!"

"I went to the ruins of the divine kingdom just now, but I couldn't enter!"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said from the side.

"If you want to get in, you need to master some kind of supreme treasure. After you master it, you can teleport directly into it!"

Feng Luan said as she looked at Wang Xian. "Xiao Xian, have you reached the realm of longevity?"

"That's right. How is it? Isn't it amazing?"

Wang Xian said proudly to Feng Luan.

"Now that you have reached the realm of longevity, we are much more at ease. When the Wuji Empire attacks us, we will be able to defend against them!"

Feng Luan rolled her eyes at him.

"It seems that you guys are not too surprised that I have broken through to the realm of longevity!"

Wang Xian asked in puzzlement when he saw that the group of girls did not show any signs of change.

"It was the people from the fire cloud sparrow tribe who told us!"

Lan qingyue smiled at him.

"After the Fire Cloud Sparrow's war ended, Feng Yun used a secret method to send the heaven's pride and experts from the two factions affiliated to the Fire Cloud Sparrow!"

"There are three experts at level nine and ten at level eight of the void interpretation stage, as well as more than 100 void interpretation stage experts from the young elites like the heaven's Pride Xu Xingcan. We got some information from them!"

Feng Luan explained to Wang Xian.

"Oh, I See!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and said with a twinkle in his eyes, "I was planning to kill the people from the Wuji Empire, but I couldn't enter the ruins of the divine kingdom. I could only wait for them to come out!"

"I don't think the Wuji Empire will wait for long. Once one of them breaks through to the longevity realm, they will definitely send an army to destroy us!"

Feng Luan guessed.

"Then we will wait for them to attack us. We can capture them all at once. We don't have to go through so much trouble!"

Wang Xian smiled and said calmly.

"Little Xian, are you confident?"

The group of girls stared at Wang Xian and asked.

"Don't worry. Don't you guys believe me?"

Wang Xian smiled confidently and looked at Prime Minister Gui. "Prime Minister Gui, bring the members of the Dragon Palace. We will return to the Dragon Palace First!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

"Feng Luan, are you going back?"

Wang Xian looked at Feng Luan.

"No, you guys can go back first!"

"Xiao Xian, you guys can go back first. I will stay here to accompany sister Feng Luan. If anything happens, I can control Xiao Lan to deal with it!"

Feng Luan shook her head while Lan Qingyue said from the side.

"Alright, inform me immediately if anything happens. I will be back soon!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Okay!"

Feng Luan, Lan Qingyue and the rest nodded their heads.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian gestured to the group of girls and Prime Minister Gui.

Following that, Prime Minister Gui led all the members of the Dragon Palace to follow Wang Xian as they flew towards the Dragon Palace.

"Prime Minister Gui, call all the members of the Dragon Palace to the Dragon Transformation Pool!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he flew directly to the side of the dragon transformation pool. With a movement of his storage spiritual bag, ao Yao and the rest of the strange demons who had been inside flew out.

Following that, Wang Xian placed the corpses beside him. They were absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pool and converted into dragon blood.

There were more than 9,000 corpses of the insightful void tier. Among them, there were quite a number of those who were at the eighth or ninth level of the half-step Wanshou insightful void tier.

The two first rank corpses belonged to the medicine master and the weapon master respectively.

As for the corpses below the void interpretation level, there were close to 200,000 of them.

These corpses were all transcendent level seventh rank and above.

After all, these corpses were second only to the Empire's life and Death Pill Workshop and the Holy Item Forging Workshop's power.

"Little Xian, how can you have so many corpses? Moreover, these corpses'cultivation is so high!"

The group of girls at the side looked at the corpses one by one with a look of shock on their faces.

Prime Minister Gui and the group of leaders of the Dragon Palace were staring at the corpses with glowing eyes.

With such a terrifying number of corpses, one could convert a huge amount of dragon blood into dragon blood. The overall strength of the entire Dragon Palace could be raised by one or two levels. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"These are the core experts of the life and Death Elixir Workshop and the Holy Item Forging Workshop!"

Wang Xian said with a smile as he swept his gaze across the members of the Dragon Palace.

The current Dragon Palace had improved a lot in terms of strength a year and a half before he left.

Out of more than 20,000 members, there were already 13,000 who had reached the insightful void stage.

Although they were only at the first level of the insightful void stage, the sheer number of them was terrifying enough.

However, even though there were more experts at the insightful void stage, there were fewer who possessed combat strength above the fifth level of the insightful void stage.

In the entire Dragon Palace, there were only a few dozens of experts who were above the fifth level of the insightful void stage, not including the strange demons.

I must increase the strength of the top-notch insightful void stage experts

Wang Xian thought to himself. He immediately ordered the leaders and members of the Dragon Palace to enter the Dragon Pool.

I wonder how strong the Dragon Palace's strength will be after this upgrade

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he stood quietly beside the Dragon Pool!