Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1715: 1715 Wuji Empire 3

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At the location of the Dragon Transformation Pool of the Dragon Palace, streams of powerful aura surged up continuously.

In just two days, the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace was improving at a terrifying speed.

During these two days, Wang Xian had gone back and forth to the ruins of the divine kingdom twice. The rest of his time was spent with Guan Shuqing and the other girls.

The few girls were at the eighth level of the Seethrough realm, which was comparable to the ninth level of the Seethrough realm.

They were not weak!

It was also because of them that the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire was supported. Otherwise, the dragon and Phoenix Empire would be much weaker than the Wuji Empire in terms of combat strength.

However, in the past two days, there were huge changes in the entire vast region.

Under the Wuji Empire's banner, all the experts and all the legions had rushed to the interior of the divine kingdom ruins.

At that time, a massive array had enveloped hundreds of thousands of people within the array.

This matter shocked the entire vast region.

At this moment, everyone knew that the divine kingdom ruins had been completely occupied by the Wuji Empire.

In fact, the Wuji Empire had already taken control of the entire divine kingdom ruins.

This caused everyone in the vast region to reveal shocked expressions.

The divine kingdom ruins had existed for too long, so long that it could not be measured with time.

There were at least dozens of legends regarding the divine kingdom ruins in the vast region. These rumors attracted the experts of the entire continent to come over.

However, no expert could open it.

Now that the Wuji Empire had opened the ruins of the divine kingdom, it would definitely cause a huge sensation.

This caused all the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire to panic.

If the Wuji Empire really controlled the ruins of the divine kingdom, then their dragon and Phoenix Empire would definitely be destroyed.

And as the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, they would definitely be affected by the war.

However, when the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire saw that the Empress and the army did not leave the ruins of the divine kingdom, they felt a little more at ease.

"Reporting to the Dragon King, all the disciples of the Dragon Palace have improved their strength!"

On the fifth day, Prime Minister Gui and the leaders of the Dragon Palace walked into the Dragon King's palace and reported to Wang Xian. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Gather all the members in the Dragon Field!"

Wang Xian was delighted and immediately ordered loudly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the leaders immediately nodded respectfully.

"Xiao Xian, let's go and take a look too!"

The group of girls also walked towards the dragon field with curiosity.

The improvement of the Dragon Palace this time was a qualitative change.

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and swam towards the Dragon Field with the group of girls.

When he arrived at the Dragon Field, everyone in the dragon palace, including the non-combatants, were gathered there.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon Queen!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian and Guan Shuqing's arrival, all the members of the Dragon Palace, led by Prime Minister Gui, knelt on the ground and greeted him.

A deafening voice reverberated throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Stand Up!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the more than 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace and said faintly.

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace stood up.

"Generals, please introduce the strength of each combat division to the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui said to the leaders of the Dragon Palace at the side.

"It's Prime Minister Gui!"

"Reporting to the Dragon King, members of the Demon Combat Division, 2,000 warriors, 1,000 at level one of the void interpretation, 800 at level two of the void interpretation, 150 at level three of the void interpretation, level four of the Void Interpretation..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Dragon Defense Department, Level One..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Thunder Department, Level One..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Starwood War Department, Level One..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 4,500 warriors of the Mount Department, Level One..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Dragon Spur department, Level One..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,000 warriors of the Dolphin clan..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,500 warriors of the Golden Swordfish of the Dragon Guard..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 1,000 warriors of the poison-making department..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 2,100 members of the forging department of the Fire Hammer Clan..."

"Reporting to Dragon King, 400 members of the civil officials of the Dragon Palace and the members who manage the Dragon Palace..."

(the data is only listed this time. It will be rarely listed in the future to prevent suspicion of the number of characters in the water.)

One by one, the leaders of the Dragon Palace took a step forward and reported loudly.

In fact, Wang Xian could sense everyone's strength at a glance without them reporting.

Currently, there were more than 20,000 disciples in the entire Dragon Palace. Other than the civil servants and some members of the fire hammer clan, there were 18,000 people in the insightful emptiness realm.

Among the eighteen thousand people, there were twelve people who had the combat strength of half-step Wanshou, which was the leaders of various departments.

They were able to advance to half-step Wanshou, and most of their energy came from the corpses of the weapon master and the medicine master, as well as all the corpses of the half-step Wanshou realm.

Only then did twelve half-step Wanshou realm corpses pile up.

As for the ninth level of the profound void realm, there were fifty of them. Among them, there were ao crabs with tens of thousands of little crabs in their bodies, and nine dragon mounts.

There were only fifty eighth, seventh, and sixth level of the profound void tier.

As for the fifth level of the profound void tier, there were more, 490 strange demons.

There were 200 fourth level of the profound void tier.

There were 400 third level of the profound void tier.

The rest all had the combat strength of the second level of the profound void tier.

After all, all the members of the Dragon Palace were able to fight against those of a higher level, but in terms of true cultivation, they were all one level lower!

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, the combat strength of those at the peak of the Seethrough realm was still not much.

This was because the resources were insufficient to produce more top-notch Seethrough realm experts.

"Xiao Xian, with the current strength of our Dragon Palace, aren't we an almost invincible existence in the transcendence continent?"

When the group of girls heard the report from the leaders of the Dragon Palace, their eyes were filled with excitement as they asked.

"There's still a long way to go!"

Wang Xian shook his head slowly.

Ever since he understood the strength of the Dragon clan and the fact that he almost lost to two dragon emperors, he had already restrained the pride in his heart.

Moreover, there were more than 5,000 longevity-level powerhouses of the Dragon Clan. The Dragon Palace was still a long way to go.

"This is already very impressive. With the strength of our Dragon Palace, we can completely unify the entire vast region!"

The group of girls said with a smile.

"All members of the Dragon Palace, work hard. We are very strong now, but the gap between us and the Dragons on the mainland is still huge!"

"My goal is to use ten years to make our Dragon Palace stand at the top of the extraordinary mainland. Now that six years have passed, there are still four more years!"

Wang Xian said to all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"You will definitely live up to the Dragon King's expectations!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately shouted loudly.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head in satisfaction.

"Reporting to the Dragon King, the Dragon Queen from the ruins of the divine kingdom has sent news that the Dragon and Phoenix Empire will announce an important news tomorrow!"

"They claim that this news will enter the history of the vast region and the history of the entire extraordinary mainland!"

At that moment, a member of the divine kingdom's ruins rode on a Phoenix Dragon Mount and came to report!