Chapter 1716: 1716 Wuji Empire 4

"Oh? Does the Wuji Empire have something to announce?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked deep in thought.

"What could be recorded in the history of the vast region and the history of the supernatural continent? Didn't they just take control of the ruins of the divine kingdom? Our Dragon Palace is not afraid of them!"

A few girls raised their eyebrows and spoke angrily when they heard the report.

"Dragon King, do you want our members of the Dragon Palace to head to the vast area immediately?"

Prime Minister Gui asked Wang Xian.

"The eleven of you can head over. The rest of you don't have to. They are not qualified to send all of us to the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he spoke directly to Prime Minister Gui and the rest.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest nodded.

"Let's go. Let's head over now. I want to know what the Wuji Empire has to announce that they have such a big tone!"

Wang Xian said faintly. He brought along a group of girls and the eleven half-step longevity leaders of the Dragon Palace besides Prime Minister Gui.

Currently, he could not enter the ruins of the divine kingdom. Currently, Wang Xian had been waiting for the people from the Wuji Empire to come out. From the looks of it, they were already prepared to come out tomorrow.

"It's good that you came out!"

The corners of his mouth curled up slightly. He wanted to see what tricks the Wuji Empire could play.

They flew quickly and arrived at the central mansion.

"Xiao Xian, you're here!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian flying over, Feng Luan and Lan Qingyue stood up with smiles on their faces.

"Young Master Wang!"

"Lord Wang!"

In the hall, a group of important ministers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire who were seated immediately stood up and greeted Wang Xian respectfully.

Wang Xian nodded at them and swept his gaze across them. There were former ministers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, Xu Xingcan and the other members of the fire Lark clan.

"What's the situation now? They only announced that they have an important announcement to make tomorrow. Is there nothing else?"

Wang Xian asked Feng Luan directly.

"Yes!"

Feng Luan nodded. "They announced this matter to the entire vast region. Now, families and sects from the vast region have arrived at the ruins of the Divine Kingdom!"

"Especially the factions within the Wuji Empire. All of them have arrived!"

"I wonder what they are doing? They want to gather all the experts in the vast region at this time!"

As Feng Luan spoke, a solemn expression appeared on her face.

The announcement of the Wuji Empire made the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire and some of their family members anxious.

"Then let's see what they have to say tomorrow!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to Feng Luan.

"With you around, I feel much more assured!"

Feng Luan's tightly knitted brows relaxed as she smiled at Wang Xian.

"With Lord Wang around, we have nothing to be afraid of!"

"That's right. As long as young master Wang is around, what waves can a mere force in such a vast area cause?"

The important officials of the dragon and Phoenix Empire, Xu Xingcan and the rest also spoke with confidence.

"Let's wait here!"

Wang Xian smiled at them.

Everyone nodded.

Time passed slowly. The next day arrived very quickly.

In the morning, Wang Xian followed Feng Luan to the city wall of Dragon Phoenix city.

Ao qitian, Ao Jian, and the rest stood behind Wang Xian and the group of girls.

Around them were the densely packed Army of the Dragon Phoenix Empire.

Thousands of insightful emptiness realm experts were standing there.

Their eyes were looking at Wuji City in the distance.

At this moment, in Wuji City, all the aristocratic families from the Wuji Empire region were gathered.

Their city gates were wide open, and many people gathered outside the city gates, looking at the ruins of the divine kingdom.

"What tricks is the Wuji Empire playing? Didn't they just control the ruins of the divine kingdom? Our Dragon-phoenix Empire might not be afraid of them!"

"That's right. Our Empress's strength is also very terrifying now. Look, Lord Wang Is Here!"

"With Lord Wang here, even if he controls two ruins of the divine kingdom, he is still not our match!"

Around the city wall, some of the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire stared at Wang Xian with burning eyes.

In their hearts, Lord Wang was invincible.

With Sir Wang around, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire would not be defeated.

Wang Xian's arrival was undoubtedly a reassurance for them.

"Everyone, come here to welcome us!"

Just as they were discussing, a voice came from Wuji City ahead.

Standing on the city wall of the dragon and Phoenix city, they could hear it clearly.

"Let's go, let's go. I wonder what the King and the other powerhouses have to announce!"

"Now that our King has control of the divine kingdom ruins, could it be that he wants to destroy the dragon-phoenix Empire and unify the vast region!"

"It's possible, it's very possible. Haha, in the future, the entire vast region will be our Wuji Empire's territory. Once the vast region is unified, our family clan will join the Wuji Empire!"

In Wuji City, everyone walked out. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

All the citizens were discussing excitedly.

If the Wuji Empire could destroy the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, it would be of great benefit to them.

There were at least a hundred thousand people standing outside the city gates. They looked towards the ruins of the divine kingdom, welcoming the arrival of the Wuji Empire's experts.

"I wonder what the Wuji Empire will announce!"

In Dragon Phoenix city, there were many experts from aristocratic families and mercenary groups who had rushed over after hearing the news. They looked into the distance, waiting.

So that they could respond to the unexpected events that would happen next.

Everyone looked towards the direction of the ruins of the divine kingdom.

At noon, the Sun was high in the sky.

The dark energy in the ruins of the divine kingdom was still extremely dense. From Afar, it looked like an abyss.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the sound of tens of thousands of horses galloping came from the god country ruins.

"It's coming!"

Everyone's hearts trembled as they stared intently in the direction of the god country ruins.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an earth-shattering beast roar was heard. Numerous ice-cold eyes appeared in everyone's line of sight.

"This is?"

Everyone's eyes widened as they stared at the spot in front of them in shock.

Ten Thousand Beasts were sprinting. Many shadow wolves were sprinting towards them. Above the shadow wolves sat many insightful void tier experts.

The leader was the Wuji Empire's King and two ancestors.

"Shadow Wolves, the largest dark demonic beast race in the divine kingdom forest. It is said that the most powerful shadow wolves have the strength of the longevity realm!"

A Cry of surprise sounded. Looking at the Wuji Empire experts who were running out from the God nation ruins, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air.

This seemed to be a powerful army from the abyss.

"Look behind you, it is the Heavenly Moat Demon Beast Race, it is the heavenly moat demon!"

"Oh my God, all the Demon Beast races in the God nation forest are controlled by the Wuji Empire!"

Shocked voices sounded one after another.

In the God nation ruins, more than 200,000 people, along with more than 200,000 terrifying demonic beasts, instantly descended!

The powerful and invincible aura made everyone tremble!