Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Chapter 1717: 1717 Wuji Empire 5

"Is... is this the current strength of our Wuji Empire? All the creatures in the entire divine kingdom forest have been subdued. Oh My God!"

"This is too unbelievable. After our Wuji Empire controlled the divine kingdom ruins, we actually have such terrifying power!"

In front of Wuji City, the family forces in the Wuji Empire region all had shocked expressions on their faces.

They looked at the huge army in front of them, their faces filled with excitement and excitement.

"This... What a terrifying aura. The Wuji Empire actually subdued the demonic beast races around the divine kingdom ruins. My God... This..."

"The Demonic Beast races in the divine kingdom forest, there are at least 5,000 to 6,000 insightful void level existences. There are more than 200,000 below the insightful void level!"

"Oh no, their current strength is too terrifying. It's not something our dragon-phoenix Empire can withstand!"

However, when the soldiers and citizens on the city walls in Dragon-phoenix city saw this scene, all of them had solemn and embarrassed expressions on their faces.

Everyone knew that the dragon-phoenix Empire and the Wuji Empire had reached the point where they would fight to the death.

Once one side became stronger, they would definitely destroy the other side.

Now, looking at the powerful Wuji Empire Army, everyone from the dragon-phoenix Empire had shocked expressions on their faces.

Even Feng Luan frowned slightly when she saw this scene, and her face was filled with a solemn expression.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The Shadow Wolves galloped, and the entire army got closer and closer. Patriarch Wu Ji, the Wuji Nation Master, who was riding on the three ten-meter-long shadow wolves, looked forward with pride.

Their bodies contained a huge amount of energy.

Half of the army of over 200,000 people were riding on their mounts, and they carried a powerful aura as they stopped in front of the god country ruins.

They were about 2000 meters away from Wuji City.

The king of Wuji Nation and the two patriarchs in the center waved their hands, and the entire army immediately stopped. No one made a sound.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Three low growls came out from the mouths of the Black Shadow Wolves under them. They gradually floated in the sky, looking at everything in front of them with disdain.

The people in front of Wuji City also quieted down, staring at the army of their dynasty with fiery eyes.

"Today, the king of Wuji dynasty, Wu Jue, will announce two things again!"

The king of Wuji Empire stood in the center and his voice resounded throughout the sky.

"Listen to the Holy Words!"

"Hualala!"

When the king of Wuji Empire's voice rang out, more than 200,000 soldiers knelt on the ground!

"Listen to the Holy Words!"

In front of Wuji City, everyone felt the terrifying power and knelt on the ground.

The king of Wuji Empire, who was floating in the sky, revealed a faint smile.

"Hua La!"

Wuji King waved his arm, and the flag of Wuji Empire floated in the sky.

"First thing, today our Wuji Empire will abolish the name of Wuji Empire!"

As Wuji King spoke, he waved his arm, and the flag turned into ashes!

"What? Abolish the name of Wuji Empire?"

All the citizens and soldiers of Wuji Empire were shocked.

They raised their heads and looked at the king of the Wuji Empire with doubt in their eyes.

"Second, today, I announce the establishment of the Wuji Empire!"

The Wuji Empire had been established!

The final four words shocked everyone.

"Huala!"

An even more luxurious and majestic flag flew into the sky!

"The Wuji Empire has been established. From now on, the vast region will have its first Empire!"

"From now on, the transcendent continent's sixth great empire will be established!"

Wuji nation's king, Wu Juedeng, raised his arms and roared loudly with burning eyes.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At the same time, an unparalleled aura was emitted from Wu Juedeng's body.

His aura was like a prison that blotted out the sky and covered the earth.

"What?"

When they heard Wu Juedeng's words and felt his powerful aura, everyone's faces revealed a shocked expression.

"Wuji Empire! Wuji Empire!"

The people in Wuji City revealed a shocked and crazy expression.

"Empire, this... Our King actually wants to announce the establishment of an empire. If we want to establish an empire, we must have an expert of the longevity realm to oversee it, or even more than one!"

"Oh my God, could it be that our king and the others have broken through to the longevity realm? The sixth Great Empire, the sixth Great Empire!"

"According to the legends, if any faction was able to control the ruins of the divine kingdom, they would be able to give birth to an empire. Now, it seems that this is true, our king has broken through!"

Shock, disbelief, excitement!

Following that, all the citizens of the Wuji Empire revealed excited expressions.

This was an empire. Their Wuji Empire had actually been promoted to an empire.

This was an incomparably glorious scene. This was a historical scene.

The sixth great empire of the transcendental continent had been born in the past three thousand years.

This was a great honor for all the citizens of Wuji Empire.

"Roar Roar!"

At this moment, a roar filled with authority sounded out. From below, a shadow wolf directly flew into the sky.

The 20-meter-long Shadow Wolf's eyes were filled with disdain.

He floated beside the Wuji Empire's flag!

"Long live the Wuji Empire!"

"Long live the Wuji Empire!"

Below, all the soldiers shouted excitedly.

"Long live the Wuji Empire!"

In front of Wuji City, all the citizens also shouted excitedly.

"A long-lived shadow wolf, how is this possible..."

"Empire, the Wuji Empire actually announced that they have become an empire, how many long-lived experts do they have!"

Hearing these roars, all the people from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire revealed embarrassed and even despairing expressions.

From the moment the demonic beasts in the divine kingdom forest were subdued by the Wuji Empire, they had an ominous premonition in their hearts.

Now, upon hearing the announcement of Wuji Pinnacle and sensing that powerful and invincible aura, everyone's hearts trembled.

"It's over, it's over. Wuji Pinnacle is definitely a longevity-level existence. That Shadow Mad Wolf is also a longevity-level existence. Our Dragon-phoenix Empire is finished!"

"Heavens, at this time, what else can we use to defend against them? Empire, Empire!"

Within Dragon Phoenix city, all the citizens looked ahead with ashen faces.

There were 4,000 to 5,000 demon beasts above the void interpretation realm in the divine kingdom forest, terrifying existences at the longevity realm, and a newly established empire.

Within a short period of time, the Wuji Empire had become an empire, completely crushing the Dragon Phoenix Empire.

Looking at the powerful Wuji Empire, they simply couldn't see any hope of winning.

"This is bad. There are two existences at the longevity realm!"

Feng Luan looked at Wu Juedeng and the Shadow Wolf with a solemn expression.

All the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire had ugly expressions on their faces.

The gap was huge!

Even those Xu Xingcan and the rest who knew that Wang Xian had the longevity realm felt their hearts sink slightly.

The other party had at least two longevity realm existences while they only had one on their side!