Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1718: 1718 star-seizing palm strikes

"Haha, when the Wuji Empire was founded, its first goal was to unify the vast region!"

Wu Juedeng looked at the cheers of the soldiers and citizens, laughed loudly, and continued to announce.

"Unify the vast region and destroy the dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

"Unify the vast region and destroy the dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

Excited shouts came from everyone's mouths, and their voices covered a radius of several thousand kilometers.

In Dragon and Phoenix city, all the soldiers, important officials, and citizens paled when they heard these shouts.

"What should we do? What should we do? Should we surrender?"

"If we don't surrender, we'll be finished. The opponent's strength is twice as strong as ours, not to mention that there's a terrifying existence at the longevity level. It's been tens of thousands of years since a powerhouse at the longevity level appeared in our vast region!"

In the entire city, everyone's breathing was a little hurried. They clenched their fists tightly, and their eyes were a little powerless.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the winds and clouds changed once again, and a powerful force charged towards dragon-phoenix city.

Everyone felt their breathing stop.

In front of them, Wu Juedeng and the others looked towards the direction of dragon-phoenix city.

Their figures slowly moved, and the entire army stood up, their eyes filled with madness and excitement as they stared at dragon-phoenix city.

They slowly approached.

"Destroy them, Haha, Destroy Them!"

"Let everyone from the dragon-phoenix Empire die, and capture their empress for blasphemy!"

Everyone in Wuji City also stood up. They immediately followed behind the Army and roared loudly.

The stronger the empire was, the more benefits they had.

"Roar Roar!"

The Dark Demonic Beasts roared, and black clouds covered the entire sky.

They slowly approached Dragon Phoenix city.

Feeling this invincible aura, all the soldiers of the Dragon Phoenix Empire on the city wall gripped their weapons tightly, and cold sweat trickled down their backs.

"Wu Juedeng, are you here to declare war on us?"

Feng Luan's phoenix-like eyebrows were filled with coldness as she stared at Wu Juedeng and the others and asked coldly.

"Declare war. Now, we'll give you a chance. Immediately open the city gates and everyone will kneel on the ground and surrender!"

"Otherwise, all of you will die!"

Before Wu Juedeng and the others in the sky could speak, Nangong Jianghe spoke from below.

"Shut up. You Don't have the right to speak when our Empress Speaks!"

A general shouted when he saw Nangong Jianghe speak.

"Haha, do you think that the dragon and Phoenix Empress still has the right to speak to our monarch? Now, your Empress doesn't have the right to speak to our monarch!"

Nangong Jianghe laughed and shouted.

"How can a small empire be compared to the sixth Great Empire on our continent? !"

Nangong Wudi's lips curled up as he shouted with excitement in his eyes.

Wu Juedeng and the other two ancestors revealed proud smiles on their faces.

The current dragon-phoenix Empire was no longer qualified to speak to them on an equal footing!

Their words instantly made all the important soldiers and officials on the Dragon-phoenix city wall look extremely embarrassed.

"HMPH, don't think that you are the only ones who have the strength of the longevity level!"

When Guan Shuqing and the other girls saw the arrogant look on their faces, they were so angry that their little faces turned red. They looked at Wang Xian and shouted loudly.

"Huh?"

The words of the few girls caused Wu Juedeng, who was standing in the air, to be slightly stunned. His sharp and dignified gaze swept toward the city wall.

His gaze slowly landed on Wang Xian.

"That's right. Our Lord Wang also possesses the strength of the longevity realm. Don't be so arrogant!"

A few important officials who knew about Wang Xian's strength also shouted loudly.

At this moment, Fear had already emerged in the hearts of all the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. They had to announce Wang Xian's strength to raise their morale!

"What? Lord Wang has also reached the realm of longevity!"

"Haha, I Told You. As long as Lord Wang is around, our dragon and Phoenix Empire will not fear anyone!"

"Lord Wang has also broken through to the realm of longevity. Haha, That's Great!"

As expected, when all the soldiers and citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire heard that Wang Xian had also reached the realm of longevity, they were all excited. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts.

As long as they had experts in the realm of longevity, there was still hope for everything!

"Oh? Tian Mo, you have actually reached the realm of longevity!"

A hint of shock flashed across Wu Juedeng's eyes as he stared at Wang Xian and asked coldly.

Dark pupil and the other patriarch also stared at Wang Xian.

"Isn't this a little out of your expectations?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said with a faint smile.

"Yes, it is indeed out of our expectations. I really didn't expect you to break through to the realm of longevity!"

Wu Juedeng stared at Wang Xian and said in a slightly surprised tone.

Below him, all the soldiers and citizens of the Wuji Empire were also looking at Wang Xian in shock.

"As expected of the Sky Demon, the sky demon who once suppressed the three major forces!"

Some people were filled with disbelief!

"Sky Demon, I, an tong, have never admired anyone in my entire life. I only admire you. At such a young age, you are able to suppress us old fellows. Impressive!"

At this moment, an Tong, who was standing beside Wu Jue, spoke slowly.

When they heard Patriarch Dark Eye's words, everyone in the Martial Pole Empire was also shocked.

"But!"

Suddenly, patriarch dark eye spat out a word heavily. His eyes were filled with a crazed battle intent and tyranny!

"No matter how magnificent you are, no matter how insufferably proud you are, no matter how unprecedented you are, today, you must submit, or Die!"

Boom

As soon as patriarch dark eye finished speaking, an aura that could suppress heaven and earth was emitted from his body.

A pair of extremely cold eyes appeared in the sky, each of which was thousands of meters in size.

Patriarch dark eye had used his domain!

"Since we dare to announce the establishment of the Wuji Empire, we naturally have to have the corresponding strength of the Empire!"

"Today, no one can stop us... The Invincible Wuji Empire!"

After Dark Eye Patriarch finished his words, another elder from the Wuji Empire said indifferently.

As he spoke, the aura on his body kept rising!

The invincible posture was undoubtedly revealed!

"Roar!"

The Dark Shadow Mad Wolf King Roared, and it seemed as if the sky was trembling.

"Hiss!"

At this moment, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air.

"Patriarch Dark Eye and Patriarch Wu Ming have also reached the realm of longevity. Four, we have four longevity experts!"

"Haha, at first, I thought that Patriarch Dark Eye and Patriarch Wu Ming hadn't broken through to the realm of longevity. It turns out that they have already broken through. Invincible, this is invincible!"

When everyone in Wuji Empire saw the imposing manner of patriarch dark eye and Patriarch Wu Ming, they were all excited.

Wuji Empire, Invincible!