Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1719: 1,719 hands to pluck stars one by one

"Four? Oh My God, how could this be? Just how many treasures are there in the ruins of the divine kingdom? To think that four longevity experts could be directly born!"

"It's over, it's over. We thought that with Lord Wang's presence, we would be able to withstand the opponent's attack, but the opponent actually has four longevity experts, four in all!"

"Oh no, this... What else can our dragon-phoenix Empire use to defend against this?"

Within dragon-phoenix city, all the soldiers and citizens felt the terrifying aura charging over. The hope that had been ignited was extinguished once again.

Compared to just now, they were even more despairing.

Four longevity experts, a total of four!

The entire dragon-phoenix City's citizens began to panic. They nervously stared at the empress and the soldiers on the city walls.

There was no way they could fight in such a situation.

If they didn't surrender, the consequences would be unimaginable!

"Oh no, how did it become like this? Damn it! Damn it!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

At this moment, the hundreds of mercenary group members gathered in Dragon-phoenix city saw this scene and their faces were extremely ugly.

They originally lived in Wuji City and were members of the mercenary group who hadn't joined any forces.

When they saw the Skyfiend kill the crown prince of Wuqing City in one move, they immediately decided to head to dragon-phoenix city after witnessing its terrifying strength!

They had even decided to join the dragon-phoenix Empire.

This was because they had witnessed the power of the skyfiend and the invincibility of the skyfiend.

For this reason, they had been somewhat complacent at the beginning. They thought that even if the Wuji Empire controlled the ruins of the divine kingdom, they would still not be a match for the dragon-phoenix Empire in this war.

Now, they realized that they were wrong, and it was a huge mistake.

This made all of them look extremely embarrassed.

"If the dragon and Phoenix Empire doesn't surrender, won't we be finished?"

A leader of the mercenary group growled in a low voice with a gloomy face.

"No, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire will definitely surrender. They will definitely surrender!"

The rest of the members of the mercenary group kept consoling themselves as they spoke.

"Sky Demon, are you also very surprised?"

Wu Juedeng returned Wang Xian's words. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he stared at Wang Xian mockingly.

"I am very surprised!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. However, he was very surprised in his heart.

He didn't expect that the ruins of the divine kingdom would produce four experts of the longevity level in such a short period of time.

It seemed that the resources inside were absolutely terrifying.

"Haha, I'll Give You One minute. Open the city gates, kneel, and submit!"

"If you don't submit in one minute, everyone in dragon-phoenix City will die, including you, Sky Demon!"

Wu Juedeng declared proudly at them.

Hearing Wu Juedeng's words, the hearts of everyone in the dragon-phoenix Empire sank.

Their eyes were fixed on their empress, and their eyes were filled with complicated emotions.

Feng Luan's phoenix eyes were extremely cold as she clenched her fists with all her might.

"Xiao Xian, I'm transforming into a Phoenix now. I can fight against a longevity expert!"

With a gloomy face, she transmitted her voice to Wang Xian in a low voice.

"There's no need to surrender!"

Wang Xian shook his head indifferently and swept his gaze across everyone in the Wuji Empire.

"Surrender, Empress. We don't want to Die!"

"That's right. The Dragon and Phoenix Empire is no match for the Wuji Empire. Surrender!"

Suddenly, voices came from within the city.

Some of the important officials of the dragon and Phoenix Empire looked into the city angrily. Their eyes were filled with fury!

"Are you confident?"

Feng Luan ignored the voices in the city and continued to transmit her voice to Wang Xian.

"Don't worry, leave it to me!"

Wang Xian turned around and smiled at Feng Luan as he transmitted his voice.

"30 seconds left!"

At this moment, Nangong Wudi, who was in front of the Wuji Empire's army, warned with a smile on his face.

"Empress, Surrender!"

A terrified voice came from behind again.

"If any of you want to surrender, just fly out of the city. Those who are willing to fight with me will stay here!"

When Feng Luan received Wang Xian's reply, she felt much more at ease.

She heard the voice behind her and said faintly.

"Empress, we are willing to fight with you. Even if we have to die, we will not betray you!"

"That's right. If the Empress wants to fight, we will use our lives to fight!"

As soon as Feng Luan's voice fell, the voices of the soldiers and important officials rang out in the surroundings.

A resolute expression appeared on their faces, and an aura that seemed as if they were ready to face death emanated from their bodies.

When Feng Luan saw this scene, a trace of a smile appeared on her face.

"Go, go, Go!"

However, within the city, when the several hundred members of the mercenary group heard these words, Joy appeared on their faces. Their bodies moved, and they directly flew in the direction of the Martial Pole Empire.

Seeing them fly out, some of the people in the city hesitated, and some followed closely behind!

There were also people flying behind!

"Reporting to Emperor Wuji, reporting to the Lords!"

The several hundred members of the mercenary group who had just flown out looked at each other, and an old man immediately bowed to Wu Juedeng and the others.

"Six days ago, we saw the sky demon kill the Crown Prince of Wuqing City!"

The old man told Wu Juedeng and the others this news, trying to curry favor with the Wuji Empire!

"Eh? What? It was the sky demon who killed Cheng 'er!"

Wu Juedeng was slightly stunned when he heard the old man's words. His face instantly darkened as he growled in a low voice with a face full of killing intent.

"Yes, yes, we saw it with our own eyes. It was the sky demon who did it!"

The few hundred people hurriedly said.

"Good, good. I didn't expect that Cheng 'er was killed by you, Sky Demon. Good, good!"

Wu Juedeng's slightly red eyes stared at Wang Xian as violent darkness surged around him.

"He's just a piece of trash. If you want to kill him, just kill him!"

Wang Xian glanced at the few hundred members of the mercenary group indifferently and said.

"Good, good. You Dare to kill my Cheng 'er. Today, I announce that everyone in the dragon and Phoenix Empire Must Die!"

Wu Juedeng roared furiously!

"Sky Demon, you should never have killed my son. Today, let's use the blood of everyone from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire to pay tribute to my son!"

"Now, all of you no longer have the chance to submit. You can only die!"

Killing intent shot out from dark pupil's eyes as he said icily!

"Attack! Leave No one from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire Alive Today!"

Wu Juedeng roared in rage as he gave the order.

"Kill! Kill all of them! Avenge the Crown Prince!"

"Kill!"

The order was given as a heaven-shaking killing intent sounded.

"Get Ready! Get Ready!"

On the city walls of Dragon-phoenix city, the expressions of the important officials changed drastically. They hurriedly shouted and prepared to counterattack!

A powerful war was about to break out!

A war was about to break out!

"Die, Sky Demon. Today, I will suppress you under the ruins of the divine kingdom and enjoy endless pain!"

"Dark Star!"

Wu Jue raised his arm and endless demonic qi soared into the sky. An extremely terrifying dark star condensed in the sky.

The Dark Star that was dozens of kilometers wide was exuding an extremely terrifying aura.

At this moment, the soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire and the Wuji Empire were stunned.

For the first time, they had witnessed the terror of the longevity level!