Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1720: 1,720 star-plucking palms struck down

"Boom! Boom!"

A deathly desolate and bloody aura came from the dark star within a range of 60 to 70 kilometers.

The terrifying aura was so oppressive that it was difficult for one to breathe.

"This... is this the terror of a longevity realm expert? Under this terrifying attack, who can survive!"

"Heavens, this war doesn't even require us to act. With the Emperor Lord and the others, they can completely destroy the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Too strong, simply too strong. With a wave of his hand, a star-like attack floated in the sky. Is this something that a human can withstand? No wonder the longevity realm is also known as the demigod realm!"

Below the peak of Wu Jue, the soldiers and citizens of the Wuji Empire raised their heads to look at the dark stars in the sky, their hearts trembling.

The army that was originally prepared to attack stopped, and they looked up in a daze.

"Oh no, can our Lord Wang withstand such a terrifying attack?"

"This... even if Lord Wang can withstand the martial supreme emperor's attack, they still have three longevity experts. It's over, it's over!"

Despair appeared in the eyes of everyone from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. Some of them even closed their eyes and clenched their fists tightly!

It was up to fate!

"Xiao Xian!"

On the city wall, a group of girls were also staring at the dark star in the sky in astonishment. Their expressions changed slightly.

They were staring at Wang Xian nervously.

Wang Xian was the only one who didn't show any emotion on his face. He raised his head and looked at the dark star in the sky. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

"Enjoy the fall of the star, Sky Demon!"

Wu jueding revealed a ferocious expression. He raised his arms and waved them forward.

The entire dark star was like a star that fell from the sky. It attacked Wang Xian directly.

Beside Wu jueding, Patriarch Dark Eye and Patriarch Wu Ming were looking at the entire dragon and Phoenix city in front of them with cold expressions. They were looking down at Wang Xian.

"You guys are really ignorant to dare to establish an empire with just four experts at the first level of longevity."

Wang Xian looked at the dark stars that fell from the sky. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and a look of contempt appeared on his face.

Among the five empires, the Nine Gods Empire was the weakest. Even so, the nine gods empire had more than ten experts at the level of longevity. The Master of the nine gods, Mo Sha, and the former master of the nine gods had the strength of the fourth level of longevity.

The Wuji Empire was not qualified to be called an empire.

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm and his entire right arm instantly turned into a terrifying dragon claw.

The Dragon Claw expanded at a terrifying speed and turned into a few thousand meters in size.

A gray energy covered the surroundings of the Dragon Claw. Under the coverage of the gray energy of the five elements, a dragon claw that was also dozens of kilometers in size appeared.

Upon seeing Wang Xian's dragon claw, Wu Juedeng's pupils contracted slightly.

Boom

Bang

Under the shocked gazes of millions of people, Wang Xian's Dragon Claw landed on the Dark Star.

The terrifying Dragon Claw grabbed lightly and the entire dark star exploded!

"What?"

"Such a terrifying dark star was actually shattered by the Sky Demon's Claw!"

"Hiss, as expected, the sky demon also has the strength of level one longevity. Moreover, it seems to be even stronger than the overlord of Wuji!"

The soldiers and citizens of the martial limit imperial lord sucked in a breath of cold air when they saw this scene.

However, there wasn't the slightest trace of worry on their faces.

Even if the Sky Demon managed to block their imperial lord's attack, their martial limit Empire still had three existences at the Wanshou realm.

In a situation of four against one, they could completely crush the Sky Demon.

Everyone's hearts were filled with confidence.

"We managed to block it, but can Sir Wang block the four of them?"

When everyone in the Dragon and Phoenix Empire saw this scene, they heaved a heavy sigh of relief. However, they were still worried.

"As expected of a Sky Demon. We really don't dare to let an enemy like you continue to develop. Therefore, you must die today. Otherwise, we won't feel at ease!"

When patriarch dark eye saw Wang Xian easily blocking Wu Jue's attack, a 10-meter-long dark staff appeared in his hand.

On the staff was a huge dark lotus. The entire staff emitted a terrifying power. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I didn't expect that even if we were to break through to the longevity realm, we would still join forces to deal with the Sky Demon. You can rest in peace after your death!"

Patriarch Wu Ming held two dark twin sabers in his hands as he stared at Wang Xian and said calmly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Following that, a terrifying roar of the Dark Shadow Wolf King rang out.

Four longevity-level experts from the Wuji Empire locked onto Wang Xian.

Around them, one domain after another slowly spread out. Under the terrifying domain, it was as if the entire world belonged to them.

"Our monarch and the others are getting serious!"

"Haha, today, the Sky Demon is going to fall!"

Excited voices sounded from below. The soldiers and citizens of the Wuji Empire stared at this historic battle with wide eyes.

"The entire sky has been controlled by the experts of the Wuji Empire. The Sky Demon is going to fall. Our choice was the right one!"

At the side, the few hundred members of the mercenary group looked at each other and revealed a faint smile on their faces!

"Haha, a bunch of trash. Where did your confidence come from? You look so high and mighty. You think you are invincible. Haha, I'm Not Playing with you anymore!"

Under the horrified gazes of all the soldiers and citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, a loud laughter came from Wang Xian's hand.

Wang Xian, who had never taken it seriously, lost his patience when he saw their arrogant looks.

He waved his arm gently and the Dragon Claw that crushed the dark stars in the sky attacked Patriarch Wu Ming who was the closest to him.

"Hmph, Sky Demon, we won't play with you anymore. Everyone from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire and the Dragon Palace will die today!"

Wu Ming's body shook when he saw the dragon claws in the sky attacking him.

Demonic Sabers appeared within a 60-kilometer radius around him.

The demonic saber domain was activated!

The demonic sabers slashed at the dragon claws.

"Attack!"

"Roar!"

Wu Juedeng and Dark Eye Patriarch Dark Shadow Mad Wolf King roared as their domains exploded!

"Crack Crack Crack Crack!"

However, at this moment, something that made his body freeze happened.

The Gray Five Elements Dragon Claw entered the Devil Blade Domain and easily tore through the domain. The Dragon Claw was like a mountain as it heavily slammed toward Wu Ming patriarch.

"How is this possible?"

Seeing that his domain was instantly forced, Wu Ming Patriarch's face revealed a terrified expression as he roared in disbelief.

The strongest thing in the realm of longevity was a domain!

"Peng!"

Before he could escape, the Dragon Claw landed on his body.

It was like a collision of billions of mountains. Patriarch Wu Ming's eyes widened, and his body smashed straight towards the ground.

The life force in his body completely dissipated under a single palm.

Even if he was an expert at the first stage of the realm of longevity, he still lost his life under this attack.

"Boom!"

The terrifying power caused Patriarch Wu Ming's body to fall in the middle of the 200,000-strong army.

Thousands of soldiers who didn't have time to Dodge died immediately.

A thousand-meter-deep pit appeared!

In an instant, everyone in the Wuji Empire turned pale as if someone had grabbed their necks!