Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1721: 1721 unified the vast region

"Cough Cough Cough Cough!"

"This... this..."

"How is this possible, how is this possible..."

"Hiss... My God..."

Stupefied, at this moment, the entire sky seemed to be stupefied.

At the center of the Wuji Empire's over 200,000 invincible legions, a corpse was smashed there. The powerful force directly caused the ground within a radius of 1,000 meters to sink.

Over a thousand soldiers died instantly.

The most unbelievable and unbelievable thing was the corpse in the center.

That invincible longevity expert!

With a single strike, with just a wave of a dragon claw, he had directly killed him.

This... How was this possible?

Everyone looked at the corpse in the center with a dumbfounded expression.

At this moment, all the soldiers and citizens of the Wuji Empire, as well as all the soldiers and citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, had the same expression.

The sound of swallowing saliva and gasping cold air rang out in unison.

It was as if what happened here was not a war but a shocking competition. It would depend on who had the more shocked expression.

When Wang Xian saw everyone's expression, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"You dare to establish an empire with just four people in the realm of longevity?"

His voice continued to ring out, startling everyone around him.

"Lord Wang said that once just now!"

Some people came to their senses and looked at Wang Xian in unison.

At this moment, there was only one focal point in the entire world, and that was the mysterious and powerful Sky Demon, Lord Wang!

"You dare to attack the Dragon and Phoenix Empire? You Dare to kill me?"

Wang Xian continued to speak indifferently. At this moment, he waved his dragon claws again.

Boom

The Dragon Claw that looked like it could destroy the world attacked Wu Juedeng, dark pupil, and the Dark Shadow Wolf King.

The Dragon Claw was in the air as if it wanted to pluck the stars!

"You... you are not a powerhouse at the first level of longevity. You are already above the first level of longevity!"

Looking at the destructive dragon claw that was attacking them, Wu Juedeng, dark pupil, and the dark shadow wolf king trembled.

Their eyes were filled with fear.

Killing Patriarch Wu Ming with one claw, an existence on the same level as them.

What kind of strength was this?

Was he at the second rank of the longevity realm, or stronger?

Even if he was at the second rank of the longevity realm, it wasn't something they could deal with.

"Run!"

Wu Juedeng, Dark Eye, and the Shadow Wolf King looked at each other with fear in their eyes.

Without any hesitation, their entire bodies started to flicker.

Crack! Crack! Crack

However, at this moment, the sky above them was covered by the Dragon Claws. Their domains were rapidly collapsing!

"Are you trying to teleport away?"

Wang Xian looked at their flickering bodies and sneered. The dragon claws were suppressing their domains.

"Oh no!"

The expressions of the two of them and the demonic beast changed drastically. They flew into the distance in fear.

"What? Monarch Wu Ji and patriarch dark eye are trying to escape!"

"This... They were invincible just a moment ago. They have the air of an overlord between heaven and earth. Now..."

Everyone around was stunned when they saw the two of them and the demonic beast flying towards the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

Their mouths were slightly agape.

"Die!"

Wang Xian said nonchalantly. His dragon claws attacked them at a terrifying speed.

With his current combat strength of level three of longevity, it was a piece of cake for him to kill three level one of longevity.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The power of the dragon claws and the destructive power of the five elements landed on the two humans and one demonic beast!

"Ah, ah, ah!"

"Sky Demon, don't Kill Us. Don't Kill Us. We are willing to submit. We are willing to submit!"

"I am willing to submit to be your mount, don't kill me!"

Wu Jue's dark eye patriarch and the Shadow Frenzy Wolf King instantly felt the vitality in their bodies fading rapidly. They roared out in fear.

At this moment, it was the same domineering aura that announced the establishment of the Wuji Empire!

It was completely different from the invincible aura that was about to destroy the dragon and Phoenix Empire and Wang Xian!

It was a complete contrast.

At this moment, they only wanted to live!

They had just stepped into the realm of longevity and had a lifespan of more than 10,000 years. They didn't want to die.

"Soul capture!"

When Wang Xian heard their pleas for mercy, there wasn't the slightest fluctuation on his face. A mysterious power shot out from his eyes.

Wu Juedeng and patriarch dark eye's bodies stiffened as they struggled intensely.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Immediately after, the dragon claws descended completely as their bodies smashed downwards once again.

This time, the Wuji Empire soldiers below had made preparations in advance. Their faces were filled with panic as they dodged to the side.

The Three Corpses once again landed on the ground. Their eyes were wide open as they were filled with unwillingness and disbelief.

They stared at the sky as if they were questioning the heavens. Why did they have to die after obtaining such a huge opportunity!

"They're dead. Our unrivalled monarch and unrivalled ancestor were killed with a single claw. How can this be believable? !"

"It's over, it's over. Why, why is the Sky Demon so powerful? Why!"

All the soldiers and citizens of the entire Wuji Empire stood there stiffly.

"Next? Kill?"

On the city walls of Dragon-phoenix city, Wang Xian looked at the four experts of the first level of longevity who had died. His expression did not change at all.

He had killed many of the Dragon Emperors of the dragon race, let alone them.

He looked at Feng Luan who was beside him and asked with a smile.

"They want to destroy all of us. We will naturally return the favor!"

Feng Luan was stunned when she saw Wang Xian. Following that, she slowly looked at all the soldiers of the Wuji Empire. Her eyes were filled with coldness.

In the Battle of the dynasty, the victor would be the king and the loser would be the bandit.

Boom

A terrifying killing intent erupted from Feng Luan's body.

"Today, we will destroy the Wuji Empire and unify the vast region. Kill!" VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

A cold voice came out from Feng Luan's mouth.

"Haha, Lord Wang Is Invincible. Destroy the Wuji Empire!"

"I feel like my blood is burning and boiling. Lord Wang is invincible. What Wuji Empire? Today, we will destroy you!"

"Hahaha, Lord Wang is too powerful. He can kill a rank one longevity expert with one palm. Haha, Kill! Kill! Kill everyone in the Wuji Empire!"

"Lord Wang is invincible, the Empress is invincible, and the Dragon and Phoenix Empire is invincible. Kill! Unify the vast region!"

As soon as Feng Luan finished her words, all the soldiers on the city wall reacted completely.

They were so excited that their bodies trembled, and excitement shot out from their eyes. They opened their mouths and roared at the people below.

Just now, they had been extremely nervous. After seeing Lord Wang easily kill all the experts in the Wuji Empire, they completely relaxed.

At this moment, they needed to vent their frustrations. They needed to kill!

The enemy wanted to kill them. Now that they had the opportunity, they naturally wanted to kill the enemy!

"The dragon and Phoenix Empire wants to destroy us. They want to destroy us. With the heavenly devil around, how are we supposed to resist? How are we supposed to resist?"

"No, I'm not resigned. I surrender. We surrender. Please don't Kill Us. Please don't Kill Us!"