Chapter 1722: The 1722 region was unified

In front of the dragon-phoenix City, the 200,000 strong army of the Wuji Empire heard the Order of the dragon-phoenix Empress and began to panic.

Even their invincible Emperor Lord and ancestor had been killed. What else could they use to fight against the dragon-phoenix Empire!

At this moment, everyone in the Wuji Empire had lost their fighting spirit. They started to beg for mercy in fear.

"No, no, how could this happen? Why, how could this happen? Emperor martial limit and the others are four longevity realm experts!"

"Moreover, the Wuji Empire announced the establishment of the empire, yet they were easily killed by the sky demon. I don't believe it!"

At this moment, the several hundred members of the mercenary group shook their heads and watched this scene with some madness.

They had originally thought that the martial limit imperial lord and the others had established an empire and had four experts at the longevity realm.

Any one of the longevity realm experts could suppress a vast area. Now that there were four of them, wouldn't it be even easier.

Even though they knew that the sky demon also had experts at the longevity realm, they were still not on the same level of battle.

Now that they saw the sky demon palm one martial limit imperial lord and Patriarch Dark Eye...

Each attack seemed to hit their hearts, making it difficult for them to breathe.

"Kill!"

At this moment, on the city wall, eleven figures were emitting a violent and invincible aura as they directly attacked toward the location below.

The Violent Ao Qitian, the Ao sword with sharp sword qi.

The Ao Yao hiding in the void, the Ao qi wreaking havoc with lightning.

The fierce wind whistled, and the AO Xingmu swayed its branches.

...

Eleven leaders of the Dragon Palace and eleven powerful beings who were half a step away from longevity rushed into the battlefield.

"Run, run, run!"

There were only five half-step-to longevity-level demon beasts in the entire Wuji Empire, and there were only ten half-step-to longevity-level demon beasts.

The ten leaders locked onto ten half-step-to longevity-level demon beasts. As for AO qitian, he waved the ocean-pacifying divine needle and wreaked havoc on the battlefield like a mad demon that had descended from the sky. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The eleven leaders of the Dragon Palace took the lead and charged out. The soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire were not willing to lag behind.

They raised their weapons excitedly and flew over to attack everyone in the Wuji Empire.

"The southern royal family is willing to submit to the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Run, run!"

The two ancestors of the southern royal family shouted in fear when they saw the leader of the Dragon Palace charging toward them.

However, they didn't have the will to fight when they saw the cold eyes of the leader of the Dragon Palace. They turned around and fled.

The Dragon and Phoenix Empire didn't accept surrender!

They would die if they couldn't escape from this battle that was destined to fail.

However, it was very, very difficult for them to escape!

"The empire that we just established, the sixth great empire of the transcendental continent, is going to be destroyed in less than a day?"

All the citizens of the Wuji Empire.

Just a moment ago, they were still proud of the establishment of their empire and the strength of their country. However, in less than half a day, they were going to be destroyed.

And it was destroyed by an empire!

This...

"Phew, Little Xian, it's all thanks to you this time. If it wasn't for you, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire would have been completely destroyed!"

Feng Luan stood on the city wall and heaved a heavy sigh of relief when she saw that the situation was set in stone.

If it wasn't for Wang Xian, the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire would have been destroyed!

However, this wasn't the first time Wang Xian had saved the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

"Hehe, it's just a small matter!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly. "Let's go to the ruins of the divine kingdom. I already know the way to enter!"

His gaze swept across the battlefield. The situation on the entire battlefield was completely stable.

Everyone in the Wuji Empire could forget about escaping!

An empire that had just been established would be destroyed immediately. In the future, it would probably become a joke in the vast region.

After this battle, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire would also completely unify the vast region.

"Little Xian, you know the entrance to the ruins of the divine kingdom? That's great. The Wuji Empire has just obtained the ruins of the divine kingdom, and they were able to elevate the three of them to the realm of longevity. There must be a lot of resources inside!"

Lan Qingyue's eyes lit up when she heard Wang Xian's words.

"According to the information I received, the owner of the ruins of the Divine Kingdom was once a peerless expert at level nine of longevity established 210,000 years ago!"

"However, in the past few hundred thousand years, he became a god without a sect and left behind ruins here. The resources inside the ruins of the divine kingdom of such a terrifying expert are definitely terrifying!"

Feng Luan said from the side.

"The resources inside are indeed huge!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling. "Come, Let's Go!"

"Alright, let me give some instructions!"

Feng Luan nodded and gave some instructions to a few important officials. Then, she nodded to Wang Xian.

"I'll bring all of you to teleport!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of girls. His body trembled as he brought them to teleport a few hundred kilometers away.

On the city wall, a group of civil officials saw Wang Xian leading their queen to teleport away. All of them had looks of admiration on their faces.

It was as if they were looking at a god that they worshipped.

After two teleportations, they arrived at the sky above the center of the ruins of the divine kingdom.

Wang Xian walked to a spot and a dense dark force surged downwards.

According to the memories in his mind, an entrance appeared in their sight very quickly.

Excitement and anticipation flashed in his eyes. He looked at the group of girls beside him, nodded, and flew straight in.

Just as he stepped in, a vast amount of demonic qi rushed over.

The density of the demonic qi inside was dozens of times that of the outside world.

"Let's enter the central hall first and take control of the entire God country ruins. There are many dark souls inside!"

"There are even many high-grade spiritual herbs in the other side of the ruins of the Kingdom of God's Dark Curtain Garden. There are even quite a number of fifth or sixth level longevity herbs!"

Based on the memories he obtained, Wang Xian walked into the central hall with burning eyes.

Even though the entire ruins of the Kingdom of God had been washed away for more than 200,000 years, it still did not decay.

"Hiss, there are so many souls of darkness. They are actually sealed in balls!"

As they passed by a hall, a group of female students cried out in surprise. Even Feng Luan was filled with shock as she watched.

"As expected of an expert that is close to God. Even when I was at my peak, there is still a huge gap between us!"

Feng Luan's eyes flickered as she looked at the darkness souls one by one.

There were a few thousand darkness souls in total. The lowest level was at the ninth level of the profound void tier, and there were over a hundred longevity-level ones.

"The reason why Wu Juedeng and the rest were able to level up so quickly is because they absorbed the Darkness Souls!"

"These darkness souls are one of the most precious items in the entire ruins of the Divine Kingdom!"

Wang Xian said.

In the entire ruins of the Divine Kingdom of darkness, other than the darkness souls, which could be converted into dragon energy, there were also huge spiritual herbs.

Other than that, there was another item that was extremely important to Wang Xian.

A longevity-grade metal!

The metal here was enough to upgrade the level of the Dragon Palace to level five!