Chapter 1723: 1723’s strength had increased tremendously

"Wow, the entire ruins of the Kingdom of God is a huge treasure trove. No wonder the legends say that whoever can control the ruins of the Kingdom of God will be able to build an empire!"

"There are too many resources in here. If the Wuji Empire can steadily increase their strength in here, they might be able to build a real empire in a few decades!"

Wang Xian led a group of girls to browse through the ruins of the Kingdom of God. They were shocked when they saw the buildings and all kinds of resources inside.

The ruins of the Kingdom of God that spanned over a thousand kilometers looked like a huge manor.

There were powerful formations and high-grade spiritual herbs.

Each of the luxurious buildings had offensive weapons that could kill those in the longevity realm.

"Phew, with the resources here, even without your help, I can build a real empire in two years at most!"

Feng Luan was excited as well.

"You should mainly increase your strength. As for the longevity realm experts, you don't have to nurture too many of them!"

Wang Xian looked at Feng Luan and said, "I have made some preparations in the central continent region for the revenge against the Phoenix Empire. The nine God Empire can go all out when the time comes!"

"What? The nine God Empire?"

Feng Luan was slightly taken aback. Her eyes revealed a look of disbelief. "Although the nine God Empire is the weakest among the empires, it is only slightly weaker than the Phoenix Empire. If we have their help!"

"You don't have to worry about the rest of the matters. Just focus on improving your strength!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"In terms of resources, the main focus is on improving the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said to Feng Luan directly.

"I know that the resources that are wasted in nurturing longevity experts can increase the number of longevity experts in the Dragon Palace by two to three!"

"I didn't come to the transcendence continent to become an empress who holds great power. I just felt indignant and wanted revenge!"

Feng Luan looked at Wang Xian and said slowly.

"Sister Feng Luan, with US and Xiaoxian around, revenge is just around the corner. Don't feel so pressured. Leave everything to Xiaoxian!"

"After you take your revenge, you can join our Dragon Palace as well. Wouldn't that be better?"

Guan Shuqing held Feng Luan's arm and said.

Feng Luan smiled faintly and looked at Wang Xian. "Naturally, I'll have to rely on your powerful husband's help. Without his help, I might not even be able to establish a dynasty now, let alone take revenge!"

"With these resources, the Dragon Palace will be able to improve greatly. Our strength will be able to take a qualitative leap!"

Wang Xian said to Feng Luan.

"Okay!"

Feng Luan's eyes shone with a fiery light.

Standing beside Wang Xian, the desire for revenge and the desire to establish an empire in her heart was getting smaller and smaller.

She hoped that the Dragon Palace would become stronger and stronger!

"I want to go out first and unify the entire vast region. After that, our strength will increase even faster!"

Feng Luan said to Wang Xian and the rest.

"MMM, let's treat the ruins of the divine kingdom as the capital of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire in the future. When the time is right, we will announce the establishment of the Empire!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Sister Feng Luan, we will go out with you. Hehe, when the Empire is established, we will be the beautiful elder group that founded the Empire!"

The group of girls said happily in their hearts.

As the sixth largest empire on the transcendence continent, their beautiful elder group would definitely be famous on the continent and would even be passed down through the ages.

The group of girls were very happy just thinking about it.

After the group of girls left, Wang Xian immediately went to the location of the Soul of darkness. Looking at the thousands of soul of darkness, his eyes revealed an excited look.

"After devouring all of them, my realm will be able to increase by at least two levels, reaching the first level of longevity!"

"The real longevity realm, coupled with the fact that I can surpass five levels in my combat strength, can kill a person of the sixth level of longevity. It is definitely a qualitative improvement!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a look of fanaticism.

His body moved and immediately transformed into the body of a divine dragon. The huge dragon body directly devoured the souls of darkness.

The sealed souls of darkness could be absorbed by the heart of darkness and could rapidly transform into dragon qi.

Wang Xian opened his mouth and devoured more than a dozen of them in one go. The Dragon Qi was increasing at a terrifying speed.

Every time he devoured more than a dozen of them, the aura on his body became heavier.

"Ding! Congratulations to host for achieving a breakthrough in your level. As you have comprehended the strongest aspect of light and darkness, yin and yang, the two extremes of yin and yang have been further strengthened, strengthening the Dragon Tail!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for strengthening the dragon's tail with the two extremes of yin and yang. The Divine Dragon's tail has been strengthened!"

When Wang Xian had only devoured a quarter of the dragon's tail, the system notification of an upgrade rang in his mind.

At the same time, Wang Xian's body expanded once again. His entire body was enveloped by a seven-colored radiance.

He did not stop and continued to devour the souls of darkness.

Time passed slowly. The number of souls of darkness decreased at a terrifying speed.

"Ding! Congratulations to host for breaking through to the first level of longevity!"

Boom

When there were only about thirty souls of darkness left, a terrifying aura rushed straight from Wang Xian's body.

This aura was different from the breakthrough just now.

The entire aura was even more vast and terrifying.

The level of the Divine Dragon was not as high as the half-step longevity realm. Therefore, Wang Xian's upgrade this time was equivalent to the upgrade of an ordinary creature by two levels.

His dragon body had directly increased to a height of 2,000 meters!

A seven-colored light enveloped him!

It was as powerful as hell!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for comprehending the domain of the seven-colored Dragon Realm!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for attaining the fourth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation. The energy of the Dragon Crystal has been converted into divine crystals!"

"Ding, congratulations to host for reaching the level of a demigod creature. You possess part of the divine characteristics!"

"Ding, Congratulations to host for reaching the level of a demigod weapon with the five elements grinding!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Longevity 1(fourth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 0.5/1000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe that is lower than your own level)

Devour living things (devour living things to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing.

Domain: Rainbow Dragon Domain

Dragon Palace: Level 4.

Members of Dragon Palace: 20,333

"Phew, so powerful!"

Having completely broken through to the first level of longevity, Wang Xian could feel his own strength. Excitement could be seen in his eyes.

The first level of longevity could kill a person of the sixth level of longevity!

From the third level of longevity to the sixth level of longevity, his strength had increased explosively.

Especially now that Wang Xian was in control of the real domain, his teleportation range had reached 1,200 kilometers.

In addition, his only weapon at the moment, the great grinding of the five elements, had been upgraded to a semi-divine weapon during his breakthrough.

"I'm one step closer to dominating the supernatural continent. The next step is to upgrade the level of the Dragon Palace and the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!"