Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1724: 1724’s strength increased drastically

The realm of longevity was also known as the demigod realm.

The so-called gods could achieve a decapitation without death and a heart explosion without death.

A powerful god could achieve a blood rebirth.

Upon reaching the mirror of God, one would have a lifespan of 100,000 years. 100,000 years was an extremely huge number.

As one of the top divine dragons in the universe, Wang Xian had broken through to the demigod realm and possessed part of the characteristics of a god.

Now, he possessed a terrifying recovery ability. As long as it was not a fatal injury, he could recover quickly.

The demigod artifact, the five elements grinding, already possessed a trace of divinity.

A true divine artifact possessed its own consciousness and possessed an earth-shattering attack.

Upon reaching the deity realm, the standard to measure the strength of a deity was the divine kingdom and the divine artifact in one's hand.

"First, I will upgrade the Dragon Palace to level five. When the Dragon Palace reaches level five, I will have the ability to fight against the dragon race of the supernatural continent!"

Wang Xian sensed his powerful strength and collected the longevity-level materials and the longevity-level formations in the ruins of the divine kingdom.

After flying out of the ruins of the divine kingdom, his mind stirred and rays of weak seven-colored light covered the surroundings.

This was the seven-colored dragon territory. Wang Xian had yet to fully utilize it.

Buzz

With a thought, he teleported to a place 1,200 kilometers away.

A second later, Wang Xian continued to teleport. In less than a minute, Wang Xian arrived directly above the Dragon Palace.

At this moment, the leaders of the Dragon Palace had yet to return. They were helping Feng Luan and the rest unify the vast continent.

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui came over and greeted respectfully.

"It's time to upgrade the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian looked at Prime Minister Gui and said with a smile on his face.

With the sudden increase in strength and the imminent upgrade of the Dragon Palace, he was in a good mood.

"The Dragon Palace is about to be upgraded!"

A hint of excitement flashed across Prime Minister Gui's eyes as he followed quietly beside Wang Xian.

Ding! "Longevity-level metal materials and sufficient spiritual stones found. Do you wish to upgrade the Dragon King Palace?"

Ding! "Ten longevity-level array formations and sufficient spiritual stones found. Do you wish to upgrade the Dragon King Palace?"

...

The voices of the system rang one after another. Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"Upgrade all of them!"

Ding! "All buildings have been upgraded. The level of the Dragon Palace has been upgraded to level five!"

Dragon Palace: Level 5

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (longevity first-level Yin-yang five elemental divine dragon)

Buildings:

Dragon King Hall: Level 5(increases the dragon King's cultivation speed and recovery speed by 96 times)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 5(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon seed, divine crystal: 0.22)

Dragon Gate: Level 5(a fish can only become a dragon if it leaps through the Dragon Gate. It is effective against creatures below the divine realm!)

Ocean-pacifying needle: Level 5(pillar of the Dragon Palace, pacify the Dragon Palace for 2,000 kilometers, increase the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace by 500% !)

Dragon Cave: Level 5(with 50,000 dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will be increased by 64 times!)

Dragon Field: Level 5(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 32 times!) Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Dragon Array: Level 5(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, teleportation, detection, Attack!)

Spiritual item:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return to the spirit realm and below!)(activated spiritual intelligence of living creatures!)(increases the speed of fire attribute cultivators by 200% !)

Attached: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon seeds.

Current Dragon Seeds: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, strange demon, light spike, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster, Starwood Dragon Seed, Fire Phoenix Dragon Seed...

Boom

The moment the Dragon Palace was upgraded, a surge of terrifying spiritual energy charged straight at them.

The surrounding tens of thousands of kilometers of spiritual energy surged straight at them, causing the spiritual energy in the Dragon Palace to double.

In the Dragon King Palace, one day of Wang Xian's cultivation was equivalent to ninety days of cultivation in the outside world.

In the Dragon Cave, one day of cultivation by the members of the Dragon Palace was equivalent to sixty-four days in the outside world.

With such a terrifying increase, even if the members of the Dragon Palace had been cultivating in the Dragon Cave, they would still be able to reach the realm of longevity after ten years.

This was the strength of the Dragon Palace.

The ruins of the divine kingdom was several times weaker than the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian moved and arrived above the Dragon Palace. He looked down at the vast Dragon Palace.

The entire Dragon Palace had expanded from a few hundred kilometers to a range of 1,000 kilometers.

The ten-thousand-meter-tall ocean-pacifying divine needles and the towering buildings had reached 1,000 to 2,000 meters.

The Majestic Dragon King Hall and the mysterious and powerful Dragon Cave!

The nine Dragon Pillars of the divine dragons and the golden blood flowing in the mysterious dragon transformation pool.

Everything was like the divine palace in the legends.

The ruins of the divine kingdom could not be compared to the current Dragon Palace!

"I look forward to the day when the Dragon Palace turns into the Divine Kingdom!"

Wang Xian looked down at his palace with a twinkle in his eyes. A smile appeared on his face.

"Next is the time to upgrade the members of the Dragon Palace. After that, I will develop steadily for a period of time!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. With a flash, he appeared 1,200 kilometers away.

In less than a minute, Wang Xian appeared above Dragon and Phoenix city.

At this moment, there weren't many people in Dragon and Phoenix city. With a flash, he arrived at Wuji City.

Feng Luan and a group of girls were ordering their subordinates to take over Wuji City.

"Little Xian! You... your temperament seems to have changed a lot!"

Seeing Wang Xian coming over, the group of girls looked over and immediately asked with sparkling eyes.

The current Wang Xian had broken through to the realm of longevity. He already possessed a trace of divinity in his body.

His entire person was more noble than before. The colorful dragon robe draped over his body and his handsome face made all the girls'eyes light up.

It was not an exaggeration to say that Wang Xian was a peerless beauty.

It was not a problem for him to claim to be the most handsome man in the transcendental continent.

"Haha, how are the matters here being handled?"

Wang Xian laughed and asked.

"It will take at least ten days to completely subdue the vast region. In addition to some trivial matters, it will take at least a month to settle!"

Feng Luan said to him.

"I'll leave the matters outside to you. I'll take Shu Qing and the rest back!"

Wang Xian said to Feng Luan and winked at the girls.

At this moment, eight of them rolled their eyes.

Feng Luan looked at him speechlessly and shook her head helplessly.

"You can go. I'll look for you guys in the Dragon Palace in a month's time. I hope that you guys can settle your matters properly!"

Feng Luan mocked them with a hint of meaning.

"Hehe, let's go, wives!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and disappeared instantly.

Feng Luan watched them disappear directly. Her face turned slightly red and a hint of envy flashed across her face. Following that, she shook her head and regained her dignified look.

After returning to the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian gathered all the members of the Dragon Palace.

He gathered a portion of the spiritual herbs from the ruins of the divine kingdom, along with the four longevity realm corpses of Wu Jue and the 200,000 corpses.

The strength of the members of the Dragon Palace also rose rapidly.

Four corpses of the longevity realm were enough for the Dragon Palace to produce two longevity realm experts.

In addition to the terrifying resources in the ruins of the divine kingdom, the longevity experts of the Dragon Palace were born one by one.