Chapter 1725: 1725 Dragon and Phoenix Empire

Time passed slowly. After the four longevity experts of the Wuji Empire were killed by Wang Xian, the entire vast region was shocked.

After everyone was shocked that the Wuji Empire, which had been established for a day, was destroyed, Feng Luan unified the entire vast region in an orderly manner.

With the destruction of the Wuji Empire and the killing of all the experts, no faction in the entire vast region dared to defy the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

All the sects and families obediently joined the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

Half a month later, the entire vast region was completely unified!

In the next half a month, the entire vast region was visited by tens of thousands of cities. All the experts and city lords of the cities came to pay their respects.

The Imperial City of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire had been relocated to the ruins of the divine kingdom.

As the ruins of the divine kingdom with a radius of several thousand kilometers, it was more than enough to serve as the Imperial City of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

"Phew, everything is finally settled!"

After more than a month, Feng Luan came to the Dragon Palace. Looking at the group of girls who were eating delicious food with Wang Xian, she walked over and said with a smile.

"Sister Feng Luan, come and eat delicious food together. You must be exhausted from the past month. Hehe, we can't help much!"

The group of girls immediately called her over.

In the past month, Wang Xian had been staying in the Dragon Palace. The group of girls had made a few trips to the ruins of the divine kingdom.

However, they weren't of much help.

"It's alright. The Dragon and Phoenix Empire is on the right track now!"

Feng Luan walked over with a smile and sat at the side.

After unifying the vast region and adding the flowing sea region, the territory of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire wasn't any smaller than that of the Phoenix Empire.

The only difference was that their overall strength was much weaker.

"That's good. Sister Feng Luan, you should stay in the dragon palace more often. The Dragon Palace has already leveled up. Cultivating here for a day is equivalent to cultivating in the outside world for more than 90 days!"

Guan Shuqing said with a smile.

Feng Luan nodded. When she arrived above the Dragon Palace, her face was full of shock. Feeling the vast energy of the Dragon Palace, she was absolutely sure that the current dragon palace was even stronger than the Phoenix Empire's imperial city.

"The resources in the ruins of the divine kingdom can allow the dragon and Phoenix Empire to nurture five longevity experts. It can allow my strength to reach around the third level of longevity. I'm very close to My Peak!"

"Wang Xian, I plan to get the fire lark tribe to come over after a period of time. In addition, I want to build an empire. With the ruins of the divine kingdom as the imperial city, even if the Phoenix Empire knows that I'm still alive, they won't be able to do anything!"

Feng Luan hesitated for a moment and said to Wang Xian.

"When are you planning to build an empire?"

Wang Xian asked her.

"I think it will take more than a year!"

Feng Luan muttered.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded. "At most two years, the Dragon Palace might be moving to the sea of extraordinariness!"

"Sea of extraordinariness? That's the territory of the Dragon tribe. All the demonic beasts and ferocious beasts are under the control of the Dragon tribe. As far as I know, there might be more than a thousand longevity experts of the Dragon tribe. It's very terrifying!"

Feng Luan said in surprise.

"What? Thousands of longevity experts?"

The group of girls were slightly shocked. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"The dragon race is stronger than you think. However, I once said that after ten years, we will stand at the top of the continent. Now, six years have passed!"

Wang Xian smiled and said faintly.

"That's right. We have been here for six years. Time Flies!"

The group of girls nodded their heads with emotion.

"In the following period of time, cultivate well!"

Wang Xian said to the group of girls.

It was just as he said. After the vast area was unified, there were no more disputes.

Wang Xian and the group of girls either cultivated or slept together.

In the Dragon Palace that was 1,000 kilometers away, Wang Xian planted all the spiritual herbs and trees that he obtained from the life and Death Elixir Workshop in the Dragon Palace.

At the same time, Feng Luan also planted all the medicinal pills in the ruins of the divine kingdom into the Dragon Palace.

Perhaps it was because of the ancestral tree and the terrifying spiritual energy of the Dragon Palace, the growth rate of these spiritual herbs in the dragon palace was hundreds of times faster than the outside world.

The weapon refining workshop of the Dragon Palace had been opened in every city in the vast region.

The resources that were obtained every day were twice as much as before.

The entire Dragon Palace was thriving and its strength was increasing every day.

The resources in the ruins of the divine kingdom had quickly transformed into the strength of the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon and Phoenix Empire was getting stronger and stronger as well. All kinds of experts were emerging one after another.

"It's About Time!"

In a flash, two years had passed.

Feng Luan flew out from the dragon transformation pool. She looked at Wang Xian, Guan Shuqing, and the rest beside the dragon transformation pool and said with a smile on her face.

"It's about time!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

Two years had passed. The Dragon Palace had been developing quietly for two years, and the dragon-phoenix Empire had also developed for two years.

Through the resources in the divine kingdom ruins, the dragon-phoenix Empire had nurtured five longevity experts.

Feng Luan's strength had also broken through to the third level of longevity.

The third level of longevity. If she were to transform into a fire phoenix, she would be able to fight against the fourth level of longevity.

At her peak, Feng Luan's strength was at level five of longevity. There was only a difference of one level.

As for the strength of the Dragon Palace, it had also received a terrifying increase.

Including Xiao Lan, there were already 24 people at the level of longevity.

Although all of them were at level one of longevity, they were able to fight against enemies at level two of longevity.

There were 12 leaders of the Dragon Palace, nine flood dragons, ao crab, Lan Qingyue, and Xiao Lan.

Wang Xian himself was not included. His strength had not improved in the past two years.

As for the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace, each of them had improved by at least two levels.

"The establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire is not something that is casually announced. This time, it will be announced to the world!"

"I will invite the other five empires on the continent to come and watch the ceremony. I will invite all the factions in the entire transcendence continent!"

Feng Luan's eyes sparkled.

When the Phoenix Empire was established, all the factions on the transcendence continent came to attend the ceremony.

With the approval of all the factions, the Phoenix Empire became the fifth empire on the continent.

This time, she was using the same method to announce the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire to the entire transcendence continent.

"Why don't you announce your identity in advance and see how the Phoenix Empire will react?"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and said to Feng Luan.

"Thank you, Xiao Xian!"

Feng Luan was slightly stunned when she heard Wang Xian's words. She looked at him in a daze and ran her hand through her hair as she said softly.

She knew what Wang Xian meant. Once she revealed her identity, the real revenge would begin.

With the strength of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, it was not enough to go against the Phoenix Empire!

Since Wang Xian had said it, it meant that the Dragon Palace would be her strongest backing.

"However, I plan to announce it to the world on the day of the Empire's establishment!"

"Announce to everyone that I, Feng Luan, have returned. I want everyone to know that I will get back what I lost!"

Feng Luan had a determined look on her face. Her eyes were sparkling as she continued, "I really want to know how the Phoenix Empire will react at that time!"

Wang Xian nodded silently and supported her decision.