Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1726: In the 1726 dragon-phoenix Empire

"Our Empress has announced that we will establish an empire in a month's time. We will become the sixth largest empire on the continent!"

"Haha, in the past two years, our dragon-phoenix Empire has produced five experts of the longevity realm. Moreover, our Empress'strength is even more terrifying. Together with our Lord Wang, we are completely comparable to the other empires on the continent!"

"That's right. Haha, I never thought that we would one day become citizens of an empire!"

"I've followed our empress all the way from a small dynasty in a city to the unification of the flowing sea region, and finally to the unification of a vast region. Now that we've established an empire, it's only been eight years. This is simply too terrifying!"

"That's right. From a dynasty to an empire, it's only taken eight years. Just thinking about it makes me a little incredulous. Haha, in that case, I can be considered as a contributor to the founding of the Empire!"

"Moreover, the establishment of our empire this time is not something that the trash empire of Wuji can compare to. Our Empress wants to invite all the powerful factions of the empires in the transcendence continent to attend the ceremony. She wants to be acknowledged by the entire transcendence continent!"

The next day, after Feng Luan and Wang Xian discussed the date of the establishment of the Empire, they immediately announced it to the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire.

When the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire heard the news, they were all excited.

Especially those soldiers who had followed the empress all the way here. Their faces were filled with pride and pride.

Their country was about to advance to the sixth empire on the continent.

Unlike the Wuji Empire, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire would invite all the powers on the transcendence continent to come and watch the ceremony.

Five longevity-level experts had already gone to the central continent region to invite the five empires and other powers.

At the same time, not only the central continent region, but other regions of the same level as the vast region were also invited.

The establishment of the Empire this time would invite all the factions on the continent.

On the first day of Feng Luan's announcement, the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire had already started to make preparations for the grand event in a month's time.

Jubilation and excitement filled the entire vast region.

From the dynasty to the empire, it only took eight years.

This was a grand occasion for the entire vast region!

"Seniors, I'll go inform the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan and the nine God Empire. I'll leave the rest to you!"

In the central continent region, Feng Lingtian said to the other elders with a smile.

"Alright, Brother Feng, let's part ways for now!"

The four elders nodded at Feng Lingtian.

"Let's make a trip to the nine God Empire first, and then go to the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan!"

Feng Lingtian thought to himself. His body moved and he quickly flew towards the nine God Empire.

Feng Lingtian had always been working in the dragon and Phoenix Empire, so Feng Luan had raised his strength to the first rank of longevity.

He flew to the nine God Empire.

When the news reached there, Mo Sha immediately received it personally after receiving the news. He was not too surprised when the Dragon and Phoenix Empire announced that they had become an empire.

In the past two years, due to Wang Xian, Mo Sha had a detailed understanding of the vast region.

Mo Sha was also very clear about the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

However, what made him curious was the identity of the Empress of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

In the end, he blamed the dragon-phoenix Empress on the position of his boss's old lover.

It was naturally easy for his boss to establish an empire.

"Brother Feng, go back and tell the Dragon-phoenix empress that our nine God Empire will naturally prepare a generous gift to congratulate the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Mo Sha said to Feng Lingtian with a face full of enthusiasm.

This made Feng Lingtian feel flattered. He never expected that the Emperor of the nine God Empire would actually be so easy to talk to and so polite.

This was an existence that was several levels higher than him, the Emperor of an empire that had existed on the continent for hundreds of thousands of years!

"Alright, Alright. I will thank the nine God Emperor on behalf of our empress for coming to watch the ceremony!"

Feng Lingtian said respectfully.

"No need, no need!"

Mo Sha smiled and waved his hand.

In the end, Feng Lingtian was sent out of the nine God Empire by Mo Sha's enthusiasm.

"This nine God Emperor is a little strange. Forget it, let's go to the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan!"

Feng Lingtian muttered. His body moved and he immediately flew into the weapon peak.

He did not know the relationship between Mo Sha and Wang Xian. If he knew, he would not find it strange.

The weapon peak was where the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan was currently located.

Ever since the fire cloud mountain range was occupied by the Phoenix dynasty and the Sacred Fire clan, the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan could only move to the weapon peak. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

They relied on the protection of the nine God Empire to survive.

"Members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, an envoy from the dragon-phoenix Empire has come to pay a visit!"

When Feng Lingtian arrived at the empty weapon peak, he immediately spoke.

He also knew that the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan was the most loyal subordinate of Empress Feng Luan.

"Dragon-phoenix Empire?"

Patriarch Feng Yun, who was at the peak of the Weapon Peak, was slightly stunned when he heard Feng Lingtian's words. His face revealed a look of joy.

"Envoy of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, Welcome!"

Feng Yun hurriedly shouted and floated at the peak to welcome him.

"This must be senior Fengyun!"

Feng Lingtian looked at Feng Yun, cupped his hands and asked with a smile.

"Yes, this old man. Young friend, come in and talk!"

Patriarch Fengyun nodded and invited him.

"Okay!"

Feng Lingtian nodded and entered the weapon peak.

Some of the higher-ups of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan heard their conversation and their eyes sparkled.

A look of anticipation appeared on their faces.

"Senior Fengyun, in the name of the empress, I am here to inform you that the dragon-phoenix Empire will be established in a month!"

"The Empress said that you can come back!"

Entering a study room on the weapon peak, Feng Lingtian said directly.

"The dragon-phoenix Empire is established!"

Patriarch Fengyun was instantly stunned when he heard Feng Lingtian's words, and tears immediately followed!

"Our Huoyun can finally return to the Empress's side again!"

Fengyun raised her head, and her body trembled slightly.

"It has been more than 1,800 years!"

She sighed heavily.

"Senior Feng Yun, this is something to be happy about. The Empress has asked me to bring the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan back!"

Feng Lingtian looked at the loyal Feng Yun, his heart filled with admiration.

"Haha, that's right, this old man is being too pretentious. Dragon-phoenix Empire, Haha, dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Feng Yun laughed heartily and said with some anticipation, "Little friend, wait a moment. I will immediately get the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan to prepare. We will head to the dragon-phoenix Empire Today!"

"Alright!"

Feng Lingtian nodded with a smile.

Feng Yun did not care about his impoliteness and immediately flew out to gather all the higher-ups of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

"Immediately get all the clansmen to prepare. Today, we will head to the vast region and head to the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Feng Yun immediately gave an order.

"Patriarch, is this the Empress's summons?"

The Fire Cloud Sparrow clan elders revealed excited expressions.

Feng Yun solemnly nodded his head!

The Empress's call!

Their fire cloud personal guards, had returned!