Chapter 1727: 1727 under the dragon-phoenix Empire

"Citizens of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, let's set off!"

In front of the weapon peak, there were over ten million citizens of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan as well as people from the two forces that relied on the fire cloud sparrow.

Everyone brought along all of the fire cloud sparrow's belongings and stood there in an orderly fashion.

Over ten million people, men, women, old and young, were densely packed together!

"Let's Go!"

The weak entered the airship, while the strong flew in the air.

Feng Yun used her powerful strength to build a fire cloud that floated in the air.

Feng Lingtian also used his strength to form a hurricane that carried a large number of people.

On the transcendental continent, the migration of tens of millions of people was not as difficult as one would imagine if the longevity experts were here.

Feng Lingtian and Feng Yun used their domains and were able to bring seven to eight million people.

The other three to four million people were also able to travel quickly under the leadership of the insightful void realm experts and airships.

However, the migration of more than ten million people still belonged to a huge race.

"Where are we going? Why are all of us migrating?"

"I don't know. This is the elder ancestor's order. Moreover, that expert who came today seems to be an emissary of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

"Let's not talk about it. Just listen to the Patriarch's Order!"

Except for the higher-ups of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, the others didn't know the purpose of their trip.

The group of people flew toward the extraordinary sea in a mighty way.

"Eh? Why did the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan migrate all of them? and... who is that powerhouse?"

At this moment, at a secret location beside the weapon peak, a few sneaky figures looked at the migrating fire cloud sparrow clan with a surprised expression.

"Immediately report to the patriarch. In the past ten years, the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan has been somewhat strange, as if they are hiding something!"

An old man in the middle frowned and immediately said.

The others nodded in agreement.

They were sent by the Sacred Fire clan to monitor the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

Ever since the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan killed two thousand disciples of the Sacred Fire clan, the enmity between the two clans had been formed.

The Sacred Fire clan had used the Phoenix dynasty to seize the Fire Cloud Sparrow mountain range, and the relationship between the two clans could be considered to have been completely torn apart.

The Sacred Fire clan had also raised their vigilance towards the fire cloud sparrow clan.

The main purpose of sending people over was to find that terrifying assassin organization.

During the battle between the Fire Cloud Sparrow and the two great forces, they still remembered that a terrifying assassin organization had assassinated millions of people overnight.

However, they hadn't found any trace of that assassin organization in the past two years.

"Senior brother, should we continue to follow them?"

A person next to him asked the old man in the middle.

"No need. With our strength, we'll be easily discovered!"

The old man shook his head and immediately passed the news to the higher-ups of the clan.

The Sacred Fire clan paid great attention to the migration of the entire fire cloud sparrow clan and the sudden appearance of a longevity expert.

"More than ten million clan members have been relocated? What is the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan doing?"

When the Sacred Fire clan's news reached the sacred fire patriarch, she revealed a thoughtful expression.

"Patriarch, the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan has been very strange recently. They dare to clash head-on with the life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop just because of some trivial matters!"

"The assassin organization that suddenly appeared to help them, that mysterious youth, and we discovered that the relationship between the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan and the nine God Empire isn't as good as we imagined!"

The Sacred Fire clan elder in front frowned. "I have a feeling that they are hiding something?"

The Sacred Fire clan elder nodded slowly.

"Then, Elder, What About Us Now?"

The Sacred Fire clan elder looked over in puzzlement.

"The masked assassin that we planted in the fire Yunque clan has not been discovered, right?"

The Sacred Fire clan elder asked indifferently.

"No!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch shook his head.

"Just send someone to pay attention to the direction of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan. There's no need to ask anything else!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch said indifferently.

"It's Patriarch!"

The patriarch nodded respectfully and retreated.

"Feng Yun, what the hell have you been up to recently?"

Sacred Flame Patriarch muttered softly.

Feng Lingtian and the members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow race rushed towards the vast region.

Due to the migration of more than ten million people, it would take them at least ten days to arrive, even if they were to be carried by two longevity experts.

However, when they were about to arrive, Xiao Lan would come over to welcome them, reducing their journey by four to five days.

As they rushed towards the vast region, the other four longevity experts from the dragon and Phoenix Empire also arrived at the various empires.

When all the empires and powerful experts learned that an empire was about to be established in the vast region, shock appeared on their faces.

For an empire to be established, one had to have at least seven or eight longevity experts. Furthermore, the emperor's strength had to be at least at the third or fourth stage of the longevity realm.

Only then would one have the strength to be called an empire.

However, when they saw the confident expression on the dragon-phoenix Empire's envoy's face, their hearts trembled slightly.

A new empire, the sixth great empire on the transcendental continent, many factions naturally had to go there to understand it.

Even the five great empires had promised to attend the ceremony on the spot.

This was because they had to understand the empire that had suddenly appeared.

The name of the dragon-phoenix Empire instantly entered the eyes of all the powerful factions on the transcendental continent.

"Patriarch, Emperor Phoenix wants you to come into the Palace!"

A day later, a clan elder of the Sacred Fire clan reported to Patriarch Sacred Fire.

"Oh? What's the matter, Emperor Phoenix?"

Patriarch Sacred Fire stood up with a trace of curiosity on his face. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Her figure moved and she instantly rushed toward the imperial capital of the Phoenix Empire.

When she entered the Phoenix Palace, she found that other than her, sixteen other figures had already arrived.

Emperor Phoenix, who was covered in flames, sat on the main seat.

"Sacred Flame, take a seat. I called you all here today because there's nothing else!"

"There's a dragon and Phoenix Empire in the vast region that has announced the establishment of an empire. They've invited us over to watch the ceremony. Which one of you will go and take a look!"

A steady voice came out from Emperor Phoenix's mouth, which was covered in flames.

"Empire? The sixth largest empire in the continent?"

"There's actually a faction in the vast region that has established an empire. Could it be that the ruins of the divine kingdom over there have been taken over?"

The seventeen people were slightly taken aback as astonishment appeared on their faces.

The establishment of an empire was a sensational matter for the entire transcendental continent.

"Vast region? Dragon-phoenix Empire?"

Sacred Flame Patriarch fell into deep thought when he heard the news.

"Emperor Phoenix, have you received any news about the fire cloud sparrow tribe's migration of tens of millions of people to the vast region?"

The sacred flame ancestor suddenly asked Emperor Phoenix.

"Oh? When did the migration of tens of millions of people from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan happen?"

The figure shrouded in flames replied curiously. It was obvious that he did not know about it.

"I only found out about their migration to the vast region this morning. Now, I hear that an empire has been established in the vast region. Isn't this a little too much of a coincidence?"

The eyes of the sacred flame patriarch flickered as he spoke.