Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1728: 1728. The identity of the Fire Cloud Empress was revealed

In the past, the Sacred Fire clan of the Phoenix dynasty didn't pay much attention to the fire cloud sparrow clan.

After all, for more than 1,800 years, the fire cloud sparrow clan had been living in seclusion and didn't have any contact with the outside world.

They didn't pay much attention to the fire cloud sparrow clan until ten years ago when they entered the human realm.

But after their war with the two great powers and killing the experts of the Sacred Fire clan, it attracted some attention.

Especially the Sacred Fire clan, they were still brooding over this!

"Oh? Then get people to pay attention to the Sacred Fire clan. This time, for the matter of the dragon-phoenix Empire, the Sacred Fire clan, you can go!"

The flame shrouded Emperor Phoenix said indifferently.

"It's Emperor Phoenix!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch nodded and looked at another old woman. "Tianyan, come with me!"

"Okay, Hehe!"

Tianyan, another longevity expert of the Phoenix dynasty, smiled and nodded indifferently.

"Leave!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Emperor Phoenix, who was shrouded in flames, said and disappeared instantly.

"Our Emperor Phoenix's strength is getting stronger and stronger!"

When the sacred flame saw the flames dissipate, he revealed a faint smile.

...

"Oh my God, what a terrifying behemoth. This... It's actually more than 20,000 meters in size. Isn't this too terrifying?"

"Hiss, what Behemoth is this? When did our transcendent continent have such a terrifying Behemoth!"

And at that moment, at the boundary between the transcendent sea and the desolate sea, a behemoth was suspended in the sky.

All the members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan were shocked when they saw the giant beast.

A giant beast that was 20,000 meters in size was like a giant beast in space.

All the members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan stared at it in shock.

Among the 10 million fire cloud sparrow clan members, there were a few others who were shocked.

"Sister-in-law Lan Qingyue!"

Feng Lingtian saw little lan and immediately shouted with a smile.

"En! Sister Feng Luan asked me to come and pick you up!"

Lan qingyue nodded at Feng Yun and the others with a smile.

"Miss Lan, thank you so much!"

Feng Yun also glanced at Lan Qingyue and Little Lan under her in shock with a smile on her face.

It was her first time seeing Lan Qingyue and she knew that this was young master Wang's wife.

"If you have anything to say, let's talk about it when we get back!"

Lan qingyue smiled. "Let the members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan come up!"

"It's Miss Lan!"

Feng Yun nodded, and immediately let the members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan come up to Little Lan's body.

"Heavens, this giant Beast's longevity realm expert!"

"That senior Lan who spoke to our ancestor just now should also be in the longevity realm!"

"Where exactly are we going?"

The fire cloud sparrow race members were filled with shock.

In particular, some people noticed a word, sister Feng Luan.

Everyone knew what was unexpected about the word Feng Luan.

Some of the fire cloud sparrow race experts'eyes flickered with light as they faintly guessed something.

"Feng Luan, isn't that the former number one great empress of the Eternal World?"

The tens of millions of people muttered as their eyes flickered.

With Lan Qingyue coming over to welcome them and little blue around, their speed increased by a lot.

The journey that originally required 17 to 18 days was now shortened to 12 to 13 days.

The vast region was getting closer and closer, and the divine kingdom ruins were also getting closer and closer.

"There are still about 100 kilometers left!"

On the 13th day, Feng Lingtian said to Feng Yun and the others.

"Hu!"

Feng Yun stood on Little Blue's body and looked ahead. Her breathing was slightly hurried.

Her eyes were filled with excitement.

They were getting closer and closer to the divine kingdom ruins.

The elders of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan all came to Patriarch Feng Yun's back. They stood quietly behind and looked ahead.

"Oh? What are patriarch and the others doing?"

The Fire Cloud Sparrow clan looked at Patriarch Fengyun and the elders with a surprised expression.

The ruins of the divine kingdom appeared in their line of sight. At this moment, the ruins of the divine kingdom could already be called the imperial capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

"Sister Fengluan has already prepared the place where you will be staying!"

Lan Qingyue said to Fengyun and the others as she led them towards a location in the imperial capital.

There, an area of a hundred kilometers had already been cleared out, which was prepared for the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

In the sky above that place, a figure was quietly floating.

A fiery red phoenix robe, wearing a veil, and an incomparably noble figure.

"Ma, Empress... !"

Seeing this scene, Feng Yun could not help but burst into tears, tears flowing down her face!

The Elders'faces were also filled with excitement.

Everyone from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan looked at the abnormal ancestor with shock on their faces.

"Everyone, come down!"

A cold voice came from the Fire Cloud Queen's mouth.

Over ten million people from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan came down from Little Blue's body with stunned expressions. They floated in the sky.

There were old people and children. Many children were still in their swaddling clothes.

More than ten million people stood in front of Feng Luan. Many of them were filled with confusion.

"Feng Yun, bring all the Fire Cloud Sparrow clansmen to pay respects to the Empress!"

"The fire cloud personal guard has returned. We respectfully welcome the Empress's return. We pledge our loyalty to the empress to the death!"

Feng Yun knelt in the air with tears on her face. Her body trembled as she bowed to Feng Luan.

"You have been quiet for more than a thousand years. Only Huo Yun is here!"

Feng Luan slowly took off her veil and her eyes flickered as she looked at everyone from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

When the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan heard the ancestor's words, they saw the ancestor kneel down!

When they saw Feng Luan take off her veil and reveal that face that left a deep impression on them.

Everyone from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan felt as if their minds had exploded.

"Female... Empress..."

Everyone's bodies trembled as they stared blankly at the figure in front of them.

"The Empress has returned. Our Fire Cloud Sparrow race will pledge our loyalty to her to the death. Where are the fire cloud personal guards?"

The Fire Cloud Queen roared in excitement!

As soon as she finished speaking, she directly knelt in the air

"The fire cloud personal guards are here. They will pledge their loyalty to the empress to the death!"

All the fire cloud sparrow people were filled with excitement when they saw this scene. Some of the middle-aged and old men who had fought alongside the empress during the era of the empress were so excited that they even shed tears.

They directly half-knelt on the ground and looked in Feng Luan's direction as they shouted at the top of their lungs!

"The fire cloud personal guards are here and swear to be loyal to the great empress to the death!"

Over ten million people knelt in the air and shouted at the top of their lungs.

If it wasn't for the barrier of the array formation, their voices would definitely have spread over tens of thousands of kilometers.

"It's been hard on all of you. I'm Back!"

Feng Luan also said with an excited expression. She slowly walked to Feng Yun's side and helped her up.

"In the future, we will continue to conquer the world!"

Feng Luan looked at her closest subordinate and gently wiped her tears.

"The Empress is here, our fire cloud personal guards are here!"

Feng Yun said solemnly.

Behind them, everyone from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan was filled with tears.

They never expected that the empress was actually still alive.

The Empress who single-handedly saved their fire cloud sparrow clan from danger!

The empress who made their fire Lark clan stand at the peak of the continent!

The empress whom their fire Lark clan swore to follow to the death!

She's Back!