Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1729: Fire Cloud 1729’s identity as the Empress was revealed

"Let's go home!"

Feng Luan said to Feng Luan and everyone else from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

Her body moved and she flew down.

Feng Yun and the other members of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan immediately followed and flew down.

Everyone's eyes were burning with excitement as they stared at the Empress's figure.

"Ten years ago, the Empress had already returned. However, due to some special reasons, the empress can not reveal her identity!"

"During these ten years, the Empress has been gathering her strength. Our Fire Cloud Sparrow clan has also been secretly assisting the Empress!"

"It was only until today that we were able to meet the Empress openly!"

A clan elder's voice entered everyone's ears.

"The Empress only returned ten years ago. Why Can't the Empress reveal her identity? More than 1,800 years ago, the current Empress Feng announced the Empress's death. Is It..."

Some of the fire Lark clan's experts guessed with faces full of anger.

"That's right. Our empress must have been harmed by a treacherous person at that time. Damn it!"

"Now, our Empress has established the dragon-phoenix Empire. Haha, on the Continent, there are only two empress who are our Empress!"

Some of the clansmen were furious, while others were happy.

Among the tens of millions of people, there were some who revealed shocked expressions.

Their eyes were filled with incredulity.

The Great Empress, who had been around for more than 1,800 years, had returned!

And she had established another empire!

This was simply inconceivable to the entire transcendence continent.

Especially to the Phoenix dynasty!

Their eyes flashed with light. If this news was sold to the Phoenix Dynasty and the Sacred Fire clan, they would definitely be able to obtain a terrifying price.

The news of the arrival of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan was sealed in the dragon-phoenix Empire.

Therefore, other than the generals and ministers, no one else knew of the arrival of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

After settling the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, the fire cloud personal guards had completely returned.

The Dragon Phoenix Empire's personal guards were quietly established!

The entire Fire Cloud Sparrow clan was bustling with excitement. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

However, on the second day, a few figures quietly left and quickly flew towards the central continent region.

Feng Luan didn't know that the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan had a mole or a masked assassin organization.

However, even if she knew, she wouldn't take it to heart.

Currently, there were only a dozen or so days before the Dragon Phoenix Empire was established. In these dozen or so days, the other forces wouldn't be able to find anything.

Moreover, on the day of the founding of the dragon-phoenix Empire, she would officially announce that she, Feng Luan, had returned.

The Masked Assassin's group also knew that time was extremely tight, so they desperately flew towards the central continent region.

The day of the founding of the dragon-phoenix Empire was getting closer and closer, and the surroundings of the entire imperial capital were becoming more and more lively.

Almost all the powerful people from the entire vast region had arrived, and some of the powerful families and sects from the Liuhai region had also rushed over.

When there were still nine days left until the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire, the Masked Assassins finally arrived at the central continent region, exhausted.

"What? This is impossible! This is impossible!"

When the news was transmitted to the sacred flame clan, the Sacred Flame Patriarch suddenly stood up. Her face revealed a savage and incredulous expression.

"You... !"She roared loudly, her body trembling.

When she heard this news, she couldn't believe it at all.

But when she thought of the recent abnormal behavior of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, her heart became even more terrified.

Their empress was actually still alive!

Moreover, she had even established a dragon-phoenix Empire!

Her first reaction wasn't excitement, but fear!

That's right, fear!

She knew how the Empress had fallen!

"Patriarch, Emperor Feng wants you to rush over immediately!"

At this moment, the voice of a clan elder came from outside.

"Buzz!"

The Sacred Flame Patriarch didn't dare to stay any longer and instantly teleported towards the imperial capital.

She even hastily teleported into the imperial study.

When her figure arrived at the imperial study, she discovered that sixteen figures were already seated inside. Their faces were all extremely embarrassed.

In the center, Emperor Phoenix, who was enveloped in flames, the flames around him were constantly trembling.

"Boom!"

All of a sudden, the flames around Emperor Phoenix dissipated!

"All of you beloved ministers have arrived!"

At the very front of the Phoenix Palace, a middle-aged man with a beard instantly appeared on the Dragon Throne. A hoarse voice came from his mouth.

He had a pair of fiery red eyes. At the spot between his brows, an irritable fire phoenix was dancing.

His entire person was like a flame that was about to explode!

Other than the sacred flame ancestor, the other sixteen figures had puzzled expressions on their faces.

They had not seen the Phoenix emperor in such an angry manner for a long time.

"How can this be? Phoenix Emperor, how can she still be alive? How can she still be alive!"

At this moment, the sacred flame ancestor who was filled with anxiety shouted out in excitement and fear.

Seeing her lose her composure, the other sixteen figures also looked over in shock!

"How do I know? How Do I know that she's still alive? She was clearly killed by me, why would she suddenly appear again!"

"Feng Luan!"

Emperor Feng roared with a ferocious expression as his palm heavily landed on the chair.

The Indestructible Dragon Chair was directly broken into half!

"What? The Empress is still alive?"

"How is this possible!"

In the imperial study, the other 16 figures trembled as shock appeared on their faces.

Their expressions began to change drastically!

"Emperor Feng, you killed the empress back then. Now, the Empress will definitely come for revenge!"

"The Empress dared to establish an empire once again. This means that she has already reached the peak. If emperor Feng is unable to resolve this, we..."

An elder said in a low voice with an abnormally ugly expression!

"Shut up!"

Before he could finish his words, Emperor Feng stood up and roared ferociously, "When she was still in power, she said that the emperor broke the law and committed the same crime as the common people. Even a bunch of old people like you who followed her didn't have much privileges!"

"Now look at your own family. Think about the past thousand years. These were all given to you by me!"

"What? Are you going to submit to your great Empress Now?"

Feng Luan's appearance made him lose control of his expression.

The seventeen figures were silent. Their expressions kept changing!

"There is no more great empress in this world, and it is impossible for there to be another great Empress!"

Sacred Flame ancestor said with a twisted expression. Flames danced on his body!

"You have to know that Feng Luan's parents and other relatives were all secretly dealt with by you. Now, none of you can think of getting rid of them!"

"Either she dies, or all of You Die!"

Emperor Feng stood up and glanced at all of them with an abnormally sinister expression.

Everyone's figures trembled. Although they had dealt with Feng Luan's family in the dark under Emperor Feng's threat, they were still the ones who had done it.

However, this was after all done by them.

They knew that with the Empress's personality, she would definitely not let them off!

"The sacred flame is right. There is no longer an empress in the world, and it is impossible for there to be another Empress!"

Everyone looked at each other and said coldly.