Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1730: The 1730 Continent’s forces gathered

"We don't need to be too afraid. No matter how powerful Feng Luan is, even if she used more than a thousand years to establish an empire, she is definitely not a match for us!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Moreover, with Emperor Feng's current strength, we don't need to be afraid at all!"

The Emperor Master of the Feng Dynasty said indifferently to everyone.

"That's right, we can use the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire to investigate her forces. After we understand in detail, we can act again!"

The eyes of the other white-clothed elder flashed with brilliance!

"No, this emperor can't wait that long. Moreover, we absolutely can't let the other people of the Phoenix dynasty know that she's still alive!"

"During the establishment ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire this time, this emperor will annihilate them all, not leaving a single one alive!"

Emperor Feng's expression was ice-cold as he roared in a low voice.

The moment he learned that Feng Luan was still alive, he had already decided to kill her as soon as possible.

He couldn't let the people of the Feng dynasty know that Feng Luan was still alive.

He couldn't let her continue to develop.

The Feng dynasty was built by that woman alone. If the entire empire knew that their empress was still alive.

If they knew the truth, who knew how many legions would submit to that woman.

And who knew how many people would directly submit to the dragon-phoenix Empire.

The number one empress of all time, her magnificence was unmatched in the generations. Even he himself was stunned. In fact, the moment he heard the news, he was a little afraid.

However, after stabilizing his emotions, he was full of confidence in killing the former empress.

In fact, he was 100% confident.

"Emperor Phoenix, aren't we too anxious to attack during the ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire's establishment?"

"There are only eight days left until the ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire. After we arrive there, the ceremony has basically begun!"

"Right now, we know nothing about Feng Luan's strength and influence. If we act rashly, there will be a great risk!"

The emperor of the Phoenix dynasty immediately said with a frown.

"Risk? If we can't destroy her even if we mobilize all our forces this time, then we'll just wait to be destroyed!"

Emperor Feng said coldly, the corners of his mouth curling up slightly as he said confidently, "However, this time, we won't Lose!"

"HMM?"

Everyone looked at Emperor Feng with some surprise.

"Bring all the experts in your clan with you. We'll set off tomorrow!"

"Hehe, dragon-phoenix Empire? This time, I'll let you all be destroyed on the day you establish it!"

Emperor Feng said proudly.

"It's emperor Feng!"

The seventeen people were a bit surprised, but seeing the confident emperor Feng, they felt much more relaxed. They bowed and immediately left to prepare for the next thing!

"Feng Luan, Oh Feng Luan, how could I dare to attack you with my courage and strength back then!"

"Not only do I want to obtain your bloodline, but I also want them. This may be something you never thought of!"

Emperor Phoenix muttered as he sat there, his eyes revealing an ice-cold expression.

He was filled with confidence in destroying that woman.

"Nine Heavens Demonic Bird, lord of all demons. I don't know if our luck is good or bad!"

...

Time slowly passed, and it was getting closer and closer to the founding ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

The empires from the central continent, as well as the various major powers from the other regions, all arrived at the vast region one by one!

In the sky above the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire, all kinds of demonic beasts were running around. There were also a few figures of longevity experts who were rarely seen in the vast region.

"The powers from the entire transcendence continent are gathering. In order to prevent any accidents or disputes, I will send the Dragon Guard, Long Ci, and the others to monitor the surroundings!"

In the center of the imperial capital, there were still three days before the founding ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. At this time, Wang Xian had also rushed over.

The founding of the Empire was a major event. With the gathering of all the powers in the transcendence continent, the dragon-phoenix Empire had to display the splendor of the Empire.

And with the current strength of the dragon-phoenix Empire, it was not enough to intimidate the other powers.

Therefore, Wang Xian called the Golden Swordfish Dragon Guards over.

In addition, the Dragon Spur division was hidden in every corner of the imperial capital to prevent accidents from happening.

1,500 dragon guards, 1,000 fourth-level insightful void martial artists, 400 fifth-level insightful void martial artists, 50 sixth-level insightful void martial artists, 30 seventh-level insightful void martial artists, 20 eighth-level insightful void martial artists, 10 ninth-level insightful void martial artists, and Ao Jian Wan Shou 1-level!

Their strength was one level higher than their own level.

Therefore, the lowest strength of these 1,500 dragon guards was fifth-level insightful void martial artists. In the Empire, they were definitely a core army!

As for the Dragon Spur Division, which was hidden in the dark, their strength was even more terrifying.

The weakest of them had the strength to assassinate a level six of the Void Interpretation Stage!

"Alright, Little Xian!"

Feng Luan did not show any courtesy to Wang Xian. She nodded her head and said, "Now that the preparations for the ceremony are basically ready, you should go on stage too!"

"Me? Haha, I think I'd better forget about it. I still want to travel around the continent as the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace when the Dragon Palace stands tall on the continent in the future!"

Wang Xian shook his head and refused with a smile.

"Then we'll go up if you don't go up. Hehe, the elders of the sixth empire on the continent are all goddesses!"

"And they're all very powerful beautiful girls!"

Guan Shuqing, Xiao Yu, and the other girls were very enthusiastic and excited!

Now, including Xiao Yu and the other nine girls, apart from Lan Qingyue who had reached the first level of the Seethrough Void Tier, the rest were all at the half-step longevity realm.

If they were to really fight, the eight of them, who had the bloodline talent, would be able to fight against the longevity powerhouses!

If the dragon and Phoenix Empire were to include the nine girls and Xiao Lan, they would be able to match the strength of the nine God Empire!

"As you wish. I'll just watch from below!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"Reporting to the Empress, a group of powerhouses from the nine God Empire is about to arrive. The nine God Emperor is here personally!"

At this moment, a soldier came in to report.

"Oh? The nine gods Emperor is here personally?"

Feng Luan looked at Wang Xian. She knew that this nine gods empire had a deep relationship with Wang Xian.

"Just ask them to come over directly!"

Wang Xian said directly to the soldier who came in.

"Oh? Lord Wang..."

That soldier was slightly stunned. The nine gods Emperor was here personally. If the Empress didn't go out to welcome him...

"I'll Go!"

Feng Lingtian, who was standing at the side, said as he walked out.

Wang Xian nodded.

"Look, that's the legendary empire on the continent, the nine gods empire. It's an empire founded by the legendary nine gods. Oh My God, the Emperor of the nine gods has come personally. It's a great honor for our dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

"Look at the demonic beasts that brought the emperor of the nine gods here. They are all at the half-step longevity realm!"

"What a terrifying aura. This is the legendary Empire!"

At this moment, outside the imperial capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire, some of the citizens were shocked when they saw the grand and luxurious team of the nine God Empire!

This was the first powerful empire that came!