Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1731: Under the gathering of the 1731 Continent’s forces

The nine God Empire had sent over 10,000 people, and the group was extremely huge.

Moreover, all of them were the nine God Empire's top experts.

Since his boss had established an empire, he, Mo Sha, naturally had to set up the scene.

Other than him, he had brought six longevity experts, and the remaining 10,000 people were all existences above the third level of the profound void tier.

The huge team had a terrifying aura. Even if they were dozens of kilometers apart, they still had the urge to make people worship them.

Hundreds of millions of people in the imperial capital and the surrounding area looked at them with reverence. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"We welcome the nine God Emperor Lord and everyone from the nine God Empire to come. Please come in!"

Feng Lingtian flew over, cupped his hands toward Mo sha and the others, and said.

"Oh? Our nine God Emperor Lord personally...".

"Alright, little friend Feng, lead the way!"

When the nine God Empire's Golden God tribe's longevity expert saw that it was only a longevity expert who came out to welcome them, his expression sank as he coldly shouted.

However, before he could speak, Mo Sha, who was sitting in the luxurious pride, immediately interrupted him.

Mo Sha did not dare to put on airs in his boss's territory!

"Everyone, Please!"

Feng Lingtian led them to the seats specially prepared for the five empires.

"Mo Sha!"

After entering the imperial capital, Wang Xian, Feng Luan, and the rest walked out of the palace and shouted at Mo Sha and the rest who were walking towards them.

"Boss, Keke, boss, I, Mo Sha, have really missed you to death!"

When Mo Sha saw Wang Xian, he immediately came out from di Jiao's palace with an exaggerated expression and walked over quickly.

"Oh?"

The longevity experts of the nine God Empire who came with Mo Sha had some understanding when they saw Wang Xian.

No wonder their boss came personally and brought so many experts.

Even if the emperor of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire didn't come to welcome them, he wasn't angry at all.

So, he was the boss of their emperor!

"Boss, this must be sister-in-law. Wow, sister-in-law is so beautiful. She is indeed the second empress of the continent. Her beauty has shaken the world!"

Mo Sha walked over and saw Feng Luan beside Wang Xian.

From her body, Mo Sha could feel a powerful force. Coupled with her luxurious Phoenix robe, he immediately treated her as his boss's old lover.

He said with a fawning expression.

As soon as he said that, Feng Luan's smiling face immediately stiffened.

Guan Shuqing and the other girls at the side stared at him with murderous intent!

Mo Sha sensed that the atmosphere was not right. His gaze suddenly swept over Ling Jian 'er and Lan Qingyue as he pursed his lips.

He had seen Ling Jian 'er and Lan Qingyue before. These two could definitely be the boss's lovers.

"Cough Cough, you guys can leave First!"

Mo Sha felt as though he had said something wrong. He immediately waved at his subordinates behind him and changed the topic.

The experts from the nine God Empire walked to the side under Feng Lingtian's lead.

"Mo Sha, let me introduce you to Feng Luan, the future Empress of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Wang Xian smiled and introduced her to Mo Sha.

"Oh!"

Mo Sha nodded immediately. "Feng Luan? What a familiar name. It's the same name as the number one empress of all time..."

"It's me!"

Feng Luan took off her veil when she saw Mo Sha's funny look and looked at him mockingly.

"This... this... Empress Feng, the number one empress of the continent, the number one lady of the transcendent continent!"

When Mo sha saw Feng Luan's face, he was shocked.

This time, he was truly shocked!

"Let's go in and talk!"

Wang Xian patted Mo Sha's shoulder and walked into the Imperial Study Room!

"Yes, yes!"

Mo Sha nodded and couldn't help but size up Feng Luan. His eyes were filled with shock.

The number one lady in the transcendence continent. She was an expert whom he had to look up to at that time.

If he did not obtain a great opportunity from his boss, he would not be from the same world as her.

Wang Xian called Mo Sha over. There were some things that he needed to discuss with him.

The day of the founding ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire was also the day Feng Luan returned.

At that time, the Phoenix Empire would be the enemy of the dragon-phoenix Empire!

The two empires would definitely fight, and the nine God Empire would be extremely important.

It was possible that the Dragon Palace wouldn't need to make a move to destroy the Phoenix dynasty.

"The people from the Aoshan Empire have arrived. It's the Aoshan Empire, but compared to the nine God Empire, there aren't many of them!"

"The human-dragon empire is the strongest empire on the continent, the human-dragon empire. They have the bloodline of the dragon race. Oh My God!"

"They are people from the world trading company. The World Trading Company is the largest trading company on the transcendental continent. I heard that their trading company has two longevity experts!"

"Oh my God, all the major factions have arrived one after another. Our Dragon-phoenix Empire is so proud. I look forward to the Empire's grand ceremony in two days!"

On the second day of the nine God Empire's arrival, all the powerful factions arrived one after another.

The Aoshan Empire, the Drakonid Empire, and the world trading company followed closely behind. The factions with longevity-level experts from other regions also arrived one after another!

However, the Aoshan Empire and the DRAKONID Empire only sent over a thousand people, each with a longevity-level expert.

"The Phoenix Dynasty's people have also arrived. There are so many of them!"

"The Phoenix dynasty, this is an empire established by the continent's number one empress, the Eternal Empress!"

"Our dragon-phoenix Empress is not inferior to the former empress of the Phoenix Dynasty!"

In the evening, the Phoenix Dynasty's team rushed over in a grand manner.

All the citizens and experts in the imperial capital looked into the distance when they saw their arrival and discussed among themselves.

Compared to the Aoshan Empire and the Drakonid Empire, the Phoenix Dynasty had five to six thousand people, all of whom were top-notch experts.

The Phoenix Empire's sacred flame patriarch and the Emperor's master led the team!

"The position in front used to be the ruins of the divine kingdom in the vast region. I didn't expect it to be controlled by her!"

The Sacred Flame Patriarch squinted his eyes and scanned the area in front of him as he said coldly.

"As expected of the divine kingdom that is close to being created by a god. The array formation inside is very terrifying. If she really hides inside, we really won't be able to do anything about it!"

"The day the Empire is established is indeed the best time to attack. However, we still don't know her strength and influence. We also don't know why Emperor Phoenix is so confident!"

Emperor Phoenix's eyes flashed as he glanced around and said softly.

Emperor Phoenix was preparing to make a move at the founding ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire in order to avoid any long delays.

However, they didn't know anything about that woman's influence.

They also didn't know what strategy Emperor Phoenix had.

"We don't need to worry about this. We'll know when the day comes!"

"I really don't believe that our Phoenix Empire's current strength can't destroy that Woman!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch said with a frown.

"Everyone from the Phoenix Empire, thank you for coming. Our great empress is busy with things, so we're here to welcome you!"

At this moment, the four longevity experts from the dragon-phoenix Empire flew over and greeted them.

"It's Alright, lead the way!"

Sacred Flame ancestor and Emperor master glanced at the four of them and exchanged a glance!

The two of them took the lead to come over. In the depths of the sea of desolation, all the powers of the seventeen strongest families of the Phoenix Empire and Emperor Phoenix were gathered there!

The day the dragon-phoenix Empire was established was the day they died!

They were completely annihilated!