Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1732: 1732 in my name

"Empress, the people of the Phoenix dynasty are here. The leader is the patriarch of the Sacred Fire clan and the emperor's teacher of the Phoenix Dynasty!"

When the Phoenix dynasty arrived, the dragon and Phoenix dynasty immediately passed the news to Feng Luan. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"The Sacred Fire clan and the Emperor's Teacher?"

When Feng Luan heard the names of these two people, a trace of coldness appeared in her eyes.

"In the past, Our Fire Cloud Sparrow clan didn't appear in the world. We didn't know much about the Phoenix dynasty. Ten years ago, when we came into the world, we discovered that the Phoenix dynasty was already in a mess!"

Feng Yun sighed at the side and her expression was a little ugly. "If the Empress is able to return, the people of the Phoenix dynasty will definitely be very happy!"

"That day will be soon!"

Feng Luan's eyes flickered!

When she became the Empress of the Phoenix Dynasty, the entire empire was the most cautious of the five great empires. The longevity experts and the families of the longevity experts didn't have any special privileges other than having a huge amount of resources.

During her reign, the entire Phoenix dynasty was flourishing and there were many talented geniuses.

Many peerless geniuses and geniuses didn't all come from the descendants and families of the longevity experts.

The Phoenix Dynasty had its own nurturing system. As long as one had the ability, the resources they had wouldn't be inferior to those disciples with powerful backgrounds.

This made the Phoenix dynasty prosperous, but it also made the founding ministers of the Phoenix dynasty slightly dissatisfied.

However, they didn't dare to say anything because everything they had was given to them by the Empress.

After the current emperor Feng killed the empress, he forced all the longevity experts to belong to him and promised a large number of benefits.

For more than 1,800 years, every longevity expert had an incomparably huge family clan.

The strength of the 17 families occupied 70% of the Phoenix Dynasty's power, and their resources were almost monopolized.

As such, the citizens of the Phoenix dynasty were naturally dissatisfied.

However, how could the ordinary citizens fight against them? They could only submit!

This was also why when all the powerhouses of the Phoenix Dynasty knew that the Empress was still alive, not only were they not happy, they were also a little fearful.

Buzz Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian felt the communication stone plate in his interspatial ring vibrate.

He was slightly stunned. When he saw the contents on it, his pupils constricted slightly and flickered with a luster.

"What's wrong, Xiao Xian?"

Guan Shuqing, who was at the side, looked at him and asked curiously.

"It's nothing. I'll return to the Dragon Palace First!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his head as he spoke to the group of girls.

"Why are you returning to the Dragon Palace?"

The few girls looked at him with puzzlement on their faces.

"Haha, it's Nothing!"

Wang Xian shook his head, moved his body and disappeared.

The group of girls curled their lips and joined in the discussion about the Phoenix dynasty.

Whoosh

After continuous teleportation, Wang Xian arrived at the Dragon Palace in no time.

"Prime Minister Gui, What's Wrong?"

Wang Xian came to the Dragon King's Palace and asked Prime Minister Gui directly.

"Dragon King, not long ago, the detection ability of the Dragon Palace sent a warning message. Deep in our barren sea, there was a powerful energy fluctuation!"

"I sent the Yaksha to investigate and discovered this scene!"

Prime Minister Gui said as he waved his arm. A Yaksha's perspective appeared in front of Wang Xian and the rest.

This was the ability of the level five Dragon Palace, detection!

One could see the perspective of the members of the Dragon Palace.

"I didn't expect them to discover it!"

Wang Xian looked at the scene on the screen, and his eyes sparkled.

In the screen, a group of 500,000 people gathered in the sky above the depths of the sea of desolation. Beside the 500,000 people, a flag was fluttering.

It was the flag of the Phoenix dynasty.

As the Yaksha was afraid of being discovered, they were very far away and couldn't see the specific people clearly.

"Feng Luan's identity should have been exposed. It's just that I didn't expect the Phoenix Empire to use the entire empire's strength to destroy Feng Luan!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered when he saw this scene.

"However, it's not certain who will be destroyed!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly.

The Phoenix Empire might not know that the nine gods empire was already on Feng Luan's side in such a short period of time!

If they were to really fight, they would be able to destroy the Phoenix Empire without the Dragon Palace's help.

"That is?"

However, at this moment, a scene that shocked Wang Xian appeared in front of him.

At the back of the barren sea, another terrifying team flew over in a mighty manner.

Ferocious beasts roared and the beasts galloped. The leader was an incomparably huge demonic bird. The demonic bird had a green wing and a fiery Red Wing.

The two gigantic wings were about 1,000 meters in size.

Even through the surveillance footage of the Dragon Palace, one could still sense that the demonic bird was extraordinary.

Behind this demonic bird, there were hundreds of thousands of demonic beasts following behind it.

Other than the dragon race, the only one who could mobilize so many demonic beasts was the ten thousand demon empire.

And this was obviously not the dragon race.

"The nine heavens demonic bird, the emperor of the Ten Thousand Demon Empire. Why do they have so many subordinates?"

Wang Xian had a serious look on his face.

The ten thousand fey empire was not simple. Among the five great empires, their strength was second only to the Drakonid Empire's Ao Shan Empire.

The nine heavens demon bird possessed both wood and fire attributes. It was recognized as a heaven and earth mutated species in the entire transcendental continent.

It possessed the strength of level six longevity. It was said that it could fight against dragons of the same level!

Other than that, the ten thousand fey empire had more than twenty longevity-level demon emperors.

In Wang Xian's vision, the nine heavens demon bird of the ten thousand fey empire transformed into a man with wings. He was conversing with a middle-aged man whose entire body was covered in flames.

The entire conversation took about five minutes. Following that, a portion of the demon beasts flew towards the imperial capital of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

Most of them flew towards the edge of the forest of the divine kingdom under the leadership of the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird Emperor.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. With a move, he disappeared from the Dragon Palace and teleported towards the direction of the Empire of ten thousand demons.

He activated his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes. Five minutes later, Wang Xian saw the nine heavens demonic bird emperor leading his subordinates, 22 longevity experts and hundreds of thousands of demonic beasts hiding at the edge of the forest of the divine kingdom.

He turned his head and looked at the depths of the barren sea on the right. His eyes revealed a glimmer of light.

"How did the Ten Thousand Demon Empire join forces with the Phoenix Dynasty?"

"Furthermore, the emperor of the Ten Thousand Demon Empire, the Emperor of the Nine Heavens Demon Bird, personally led over 20 longevity experts here. It's almost the entire strength of the Empire!"

Wang Xian mumbled.

The grand ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire this time had somewhat exceeded his expectations.

"In this case, two empires are involved. Including the nine gods empire, there are three of them!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"Since that's the case, let's fight. The Dragon Palace can only become stronger and stronger during the war!"

"Since the Heavenly Dragon and Phoenix Empire is announced to be established, let's announce something after the Phoenix Empire and the Empire of ten thousand demons arrive!"

"That is, the Dragon Palace will step onto the stage of the mainland!"

In My Name!