Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1733: 1733, the powerful Dragon and Phoenix Empire

On the day of the founding ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, things had completely exceeded Wang Xian's expectations.

However, everything was still under his control.

This made Wang Xian decide to let the Dragon Palace truly step onto the stage at the center of the extraordinary mainland, displaying all the powers of the Dragon Palace.

He was looking forward to the moment when the Dragon Palace had nearly 20,000 insightful void martial arts practitioners and more than 20 longevity martial arts practitioners. He was looking forward to the impact it would bring to the entire mainland.

When he thought of this, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Wang Xian's figure moved and flew directly toward the imperial capital.

Night had already fallen in the vast region, but the entire imperial capital was filled with joy.

The ruins of the divine kingdom had been transformed into an incomparably huge city.

There were all kinds of shops inside, not much different from other cities.

In the center was the palace, which was also where the future Empress would be located.

At night, the entire imperial city was still bustling with activity. There were experts from all the cities of the dragon-phoenix Empire, as well as experts from all the clans in the Liuhai region.

In addition, there were disciples from all the other factions on the transcendence continent.

Other than the five empires, there were twenty to thirty other factions that came from the transcendence continent. Each faction had at least a thousand people.

Among them, there were many experts and disciples from these factions who had just arrived at the imperial capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire. Naturally, they wanted to take a good look around.

There were also quite a number of factions who were trying to find out about the actual strength of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

This made the entire imperial capital extremely lively. In the past ten days, the entire imperial capital would probably be extremely lively. There would be no difference between day and night.

When he arrived at the Imperial City's Palace, Wang Xian asked the Huoyun personal guards and walked towards the palace where Feng Luan was staying.

"Young master Wang!"

At the entrance, Huoyun stood at the entrance with a smile on his face. When he saw Wang Xian, he greeted him respectfully.

"Are Feng Luan, Shuqing, and the rest inside?"

Wang Xian asked directly. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Young master Wang, the empress, Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing, and the other elders are inside to pick out the clothes they will be wearing tomorrow!"

"Young master Wang, it might not be suitable for you to enter now!"

Feng Yun said with a smile.

"Oh, is that so?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. He smiled and said, "I still have some questions to ask Feng Luan!"

"Young master Wang, if you are in a hurry, I will inform the Empress!"

Feng Yun said immediately.

"No need. By the way, Feng Yun, when Feng Luan was the empress of the Feng Dynasty, how was her relationship with the Ten Thousand Demons Empire?"

Wang Xian asked Feng Yun with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Oh? The relationship between our empress and the Ten Thousand Fey Empire?"

A hint of doubt appeared on Feng Yun's face. She immediately replied, "Speaking of which, their relationship wasn't good. There was once a demon emperor of the ten thousand fey empire who secretly controlled ferocious beasts to launch a ferocious beast siege on our Phoenix Dynasty!"

"At that time, the Empress was so furious that she personally killed that demon emperor because there was some enmity between the ten thousand fey empire and this matter!"

"However, the grudges were not huge. Later on, the Emperor of the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird came to the Phoenix Empire personally. He wanted to ask the empress for some bloodlines, but the empress did not agree to it. After that, they parted on bad terms!"

Feng Yun recalled and spoke to Wang Xian one by one.

This made him somewhat enlightened.

"Young master Wang, is there something going on?"

Feng Yun asked when he saw Wang Xian in deep thought.

"No!"

He shook his head and said, "I'll take a stroll around the imperial capital First!"

Wang Xian did not tell Feng Yun about this matter. Instead, he walked toward the location outside.

He wanted to investigate the Drakonid Empire and the Aoshan Empire.

There were already two empires that were about to take action. If there were more empires involved, the matter would be out of control.

Therefore, he had to verify it.

Wang Xian walked out and used his yin-yang five elemental dragon eyes to investigate the Ao Shan Empire and the Drakonid Empire.

After monitoring them for more than an hour, he did not discover anything unusual about the two empires. This made him slightly relieved.

"Eh? That is?"

Just as he was about to leave, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly and saw a few familiar faces.

Long Xiaotian, he yuan, and he suiqing were a group of more than twenty young men.

Long Xiaotian and he yuan could be considered as Wang Xian's only two good friends in the supernatural continent.

However, due to the huge difference in status and the fact that Wang Xian had always stayed in the Dragon Palace, they had not interacted with each other for the past few years.

"Let's catch up!"

Wang Xian watched as they walked towards a restaurant and followed behind them with a smile on his face.

"Young master he, I've already left you guys a private room!"

When they arrived at the entrance of the restaurant, the manager immediately came over to welcome them.

The restaurant had been full for the past ten days. However, this was nothing to he yuan.

Now, the He clan had completely submitted to the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. The Patriarch of the He clan was also one of the only five longevity experts in the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

In addition, the entire vast region knew the identities of He Yuan and their Lord Wang. It was naturally easy for them to reserve a place in the restaurant.

He Yuan was also the most dazzling heaven's favorite in the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

"Okay, thank you, Boss!"

He Yuan nodded at the shopkeeper and smiled at Long Xiaotian.

"Sure, young master he!"

Long Xiaotian gave him a thumbs up and said with a laugh.

The shopkeeper led them into the restaurant.

"There's only one table left in the restaurant. Customers who want to taste the specialties of our dragon and Phoenix Empire can come in. There's only one table!"

At this moment, a waiter walked out of the restaurant and shouted outside.

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

On the street, five or six young men immediately walked towards the restaurant.

"Waiter, we'll Take That Table!"

"Okay, please come in!"

A few young men and women walked over with smiles on their faces. The waiter immediately bowed to welcome them.

"Wait, we'll Take That Table!"

However, at this moment, a cold voice shouted, causing the six young men and women and the waiter to be slightly stunned.

They turned around and frowned slightly.

Seven demonic beasts that were two meters tall and looked like ape-men walked over directly.

Their bodies carried an intense murderous aura.

"Dear guests, I'm sorry, the last table has already been reserved!"

The waiter hurriedly said.

"If I say we want it, then we want it. Scram!"

The Ape Man Standing in the middle coldly swept his gaze across the five or six youths.

"Why should we give it to you?"

The six youths'expressions changed slightly, and they immediately said.

"Can't you see that we're honored guests? Scram, you trash of the vast region!"

The ape-man in the middle waved his arm and a force shot towards the six young men and women. The powerful force caused them to fly backward.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The six of them could not help but spit out blood. Their faces turned pale.

However, he yuan and the others who had just walked to the entrance of the restaurant heard the sounds coming from behind. They immediately frowned and turned around to look.

Wang Xian, who was walking towards them, was slightly stunned when he saw this scene. A cold glint flashed across his eyes.

He was deliberately looking for trouble!