Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1734: In the powerful dragon-phoenix Empire of 1734

Six young men and women fell to the ground and spat out blood.

In the future imperial capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire, the streets were crowded with pedestrians.

Seven ape-men attacked the six young men and women, causing them to fall to the ground. This instantly attracted the attention of everyone in the surroundings.

In particular, the words 'trash in the vast region'made the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire frown, and a trace of coldness appeared on their faces.

"Everyone, isn't it a little too much to injure people in front of our dragon and Phoenix Empire! ?"

He Yuan turned his head and spoke to the seven ape men with an icy expression.

"You Aren't an empire yet, right! ?"

The Ape Man in the middle opened his mouth, revealing a mouth full of dense teeth as he spoke indifferently.

"We are guests. We've waited here for so long just to have a meal!"

"Here, this is your treatment fee. Scram!"

As the ape man spoke, he waved his arm and threw spirit stones at the six young men and women as he spoke arrogantly.

"You..."

The six young men and women had ugly expressions on their faces as anger appeared on their faces.

"You guys, aren't you being a little too arrogant? Hurting people in our dragon-phoenix Empire, are you looking down on us! ?"

When he yuan saw this scene, he took two steps towards them with a gloomy face.

"What an arrogant bunch. How dare they cause trouble in our Dragon Phoenix Empire!"

"That's right. Which faction are they from? How dare they be so arrogant!"

"Cripple these bastards. Young Master He Yuan, Cripple These bastards!"

In the surroundings, some of the citizens of the Dragon Phoenix Empire were also shouting at the seven ape-men indignantly.

"Shut up! We are guests from the ten thousand fey empire, and we accidentally injured a few people. Why? Are you going to cripple us?"

"Haha, not to mention that your dragon and Phoenix Empire has yet to become an empire, so what if you become one?"

The ape-man in the middle said with a loud laugh, not caring about the people around him at all.

When they came, they had already learned that their emperor was going to destroy the Dragon and Phoenix Empire on the day that it was announced as an empire.

Furthermore, the Phoenix Empire was with them.

They did not take the Dragon Phoenix Empire seriously at all and did as they pleased.

So what if they were the ones who beat you up?

In fact, their tone was filled with provocation.

"The ten thousand Fey Empire!"

He Yuan's pupils constricted slightly when he heard their words and a solemn expression appeared on his face.

"What? They're from the Ten Thousand Fey Empire?"

"The ten thousand fey empire's strength isn't weak!"

Everyone from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire was slightly shocked and extremely embarrassed.

The Ten Thousand Fey Empire was the only empire built by a demon beast on the continent. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Its terrifying strength could be ranked third in the entire continent.

A veteran empire with hundreds of thousands of foundations was completely incomparable to them.

Moreover, the ten thousand fey empire was personally invited by the Dragon Phoenix Empire to watch the ceremony!

"Haha, it's just a small matter. If the ten thousand fey empire wants to fight, so be it!"

"Your Dragon Phoenix Empire has no manners at all. So what if the ten thousand fey empire wants to let everyone in first!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the side.

Everyone who was watching was slightly taken aback as they looked over.

When they saw a few middle-aged men dressed in fiery red robes, they were slightly taken aback.

"That seems to be from the Phoenix Dynasty's Sacred Fire clan!"

"That's right, it's from the Phoenix dynasty. That's the empire that the Empress once founded, a legendary Empire!"

"Hiss, I didn't expect them to speak up for the ten thousand Fey Empire!"

Everyone around was slightly shocked. Their faces were filled with shock, but at the same time, they were also somewhat embarrassed.

Seeing the Phoenix dynasty speak up for the ten thousand fey empire, he Yuan's expression became even more embarrassed.

In such a situation, it wasn't something he could decide. He didn't dare to make a decision either.

Even if he was one of the best of the younger generation in the entire dragon and Phoenix Empire, even if his ancestor was a longevity expert.

"Now, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire will suffer a loss!"

"It's impossible to do anything to the people from the ten thousand fey empire. After all, even if the dragon and Phoenix Empire were to establish an empire, it would still be very different!"

"That's right. This is just a small matter. Even if the people from the ten thousand fey empire were to kill them, the dragon and Phoenix Empire would probably not say anything!"

Around them, some of the Aoshan Empire and other factions that had come to watch the ceremony noticed the situation and said indifferently.

Their voices were not concealed at all, and the people from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire could hear them clearly.

This made the people from the dragon and Phoenix Empire look even more embarrassed.

If they fell behind, they would be beaten up, and if they were weak, they would be bullied!

"What happened!"

At this moment, a group of more than ten swordsmen with long swords flew over.

They were all wearing the same golden clothes, and there was no emotion on their faces.

Their bodies were extremely cold.

Fifteen Dragon Guards rushed over.

At the moment, because the dragon and Phoenix Empire was a bit weak, the Dragon Guards of the Dragon Palace were temporarily in charge of security for the next few days.

When the dragon guards arrived, what everyone didn't know was that more than a dozen strange demons were already hiding in the surroundings.

"The city guards are here!"

"The Swordsman City Guards sent by Lord Wang!"

The people from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire saw more than a dozen dragon guards flying over and said softly.

"Punish them severely!"

Wang Xian stood in the crowd and watched the arrogant demonic beasts of the ten thousand fey empire. When he saw the arrival of the dragon guards, he immediately transmitted his voice to them.

The crowd was slightly stunned.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The leader of the Dragon Guards, who had the combat strength of half a step away from longevity, immediately transmitted his voice.

"Captain of the city guards, seven demonic beasts of the ten thousand Fey Empire injured six people from our empire!"

He Yuan immediately said when he saw the fifteen dragon guards.

"How troublesome. We have already thrown the compensation spirit stones to them. Let's Go Eat!"

When the ape man in the lead saw that the Dragon Guards had arrived, he did not take them seriously. Instead, he said impatiently.

As he spoke, he walked straight into the restaurant. The group of seven Demonic Beasts swaggered about!

"How arrogant!"

When the surrounding people heard their words, they said with an embarrassed expression.

"Clang, Clang, Clang!"

However, at this moment, the group of Dragon Guards pulled out their golden longswords and directly stopped the seven demonic beasts!

"Our Dragon and Phoenix Empire should have reminded you that in our place, please abide by our laws!"

The Dragon Guards, who had the combat power of half-step longevity realm, said coldly with an expressionless face!

"Eh? Didn't you just injure a few people? Why? What do you, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, want to do to us?"

The ape-man in the lead raised his head slightly and asked with disdain when he saw the sword that stopped them.

"According to the laws of our Dragon and Phoenix Empire, you will be imprisoned for one year for hurting people in the Imperial City!"

The Dragon Guard said coldly.

"Haha, imprisoned for One Year?"

However, the Dragon Guard's words made the seven ape-men burst into laughter.

They stared at the dragon guards mockingly and said coldly, "I'm leaving today!"

"I'd like to see what you can do to me!"