Chapter 1736: 1736 Phoenix Cry Nine Heavens Empire established 1

A cold and violent voice resounded throughout the entire imperial capital. The terrifying pressure caused everyone to feel slightly suffocated.

Hearing this voice, everyone in the imperial capital had shocked expressions on their faces.

Just now, the voice of that expert from the ten thousand fey empire had already caused the entire imperial capital to be incomparably shocked. Now, hearing this voice!

Feeling the terrifying killing intent contained within, some people were stunned.

They raised their heads in shock and looked up into the sky.

What was it that caused the experts from the ten thousand fey empire to be so angry and say such cold words! !

At the Dragon and Phoenix Imperial Palace, Feng Luan, Feng Yun, Lan Qingyue, and the other girls, as well as all the important officials of the dragon and Phoenix Empire, had a slight change in expression when they heard this voice.

Their bodies moved and they quickly flew over.

At the same time, two figures with blood-red eyes appeared above the restaurant.

One was a five-meter-tall ape man with muscles all over his body, and the other was a six to seven-meter-tall claw-hunting demonic beast.

Their terrifying aura suppressed an area of dozens of kilometers.

When they saw the corpses on the ground, the five-meter-tall Ape Man's eyes shot out a terrifying killing intent.

The Sky began to darken as the spiritual energy of fierce beasts gathered in the sky.

They coldly swept their gaze over everyone around them!

"Oh no, the experts of the ten thousand fey empire are furious!"

Seeing the two Wanshou and Wanshou experts of the ten thousand Fey Empire instantly appear in the sky, emitting a violent killing intent, everyone's expressions changed drastically below them.

These two were the demon emperors of the ten thousand fey empire, extremely terrifying mighty figures!

"Withdraw your auras!"

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

However, at this moment, an extremely cold voice sounded.

In the sky, a terrifying golden sword flashed past, directly tearing apart the ferocious beast patterns that had condensed in the sky.

Sharp sword rays appeared around the two demon emperors of the ten thousand fey empire. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Sharp Sword gleams were like the tongues of poisonous snakes, ready to launch a fatal attack at any moment.

The two demon emperors saw that their auras were instantly destroyed and their attacks locked onto them. Their expressions changed slightly as they felt the fatal threat from the sword gleams.

"Dragon and Phoenix Empire, are you trying to make an enemy out of us?"

The two demon Emperors stared at the sword gleams around them with fear and gloominess as they stared at Ao Jian.

"Hiss..."

Everyone below gasped when they saw this scene. They watched in shock.

"Demon Emperors of the Ten Thousand Demon Empire, you should first understand the situation. At the same time, discipline your subordinates!"

Ao jian stared at them expressionlessly and said coldly.

"This is the reason why you dare to kill members of the Ten Thousand Demon Empire!"

The two demon emperors narrowed their eyes, their eyes filled with killing intent.

"In the territory of the dragon-phoenix Empire, you must abide by our laws. Not to mention the members of the ten thousand Fey Empire, even you can challenge us to see if you can get out of the dragon-phoenix Empire Alive!"

Ao Jian was still expressionless as he spoke.

However, his words were extremely domineering, causing the expressions of the two demon emperors of the ten thousand Fey Empire to change drastically.

No one expected the dragon-phoenix Empire to be so powerful. Even the two demon emperors of the ten thousand fey empire did not give them any face.

"Hum Hum Hum!"

At that moment, many Phantoms appeared in the sky.

Feng Luan and Company, the longevity experts of the Aoshan Empire, the longevity experts of the Drakonid Empire, the sacred flame patriarch and Emperor's Master of the Phoenix Empire, as well as the longevity experts of the nine God Empire.

All the top-tier experts appeared in the void.

They didn't show themselves, but powerful energies enveloped them.

"What's going on?"

Feng Luan stood in the flames, looked down, and asked indifferently.

All of them heard ao Jian's domineering words and saw sharp sword qi pointing at the two demon emperors of the ten thousand fey empire.

This made them frown slightly.

"Dragon and Phoenix Empress!"

Feng Lingtian's figure moved and arrived in front of Feng Luan and the others.

"Seven members of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire injured six people in our imperial capital with an arrogant attitude. When the members of the Dragon Guards attacked, they resisted arrest and we brought them to justice."

Feng Lingtian immediately reported to Feng Luan.

In the end, his aura shook and his voice enveloped the surroundings.

"Empress, my brother-in-law is down there. He should be the one commanding ao Jian to be so domineering!"

He transmitted his voice to Feng Luan and the other girls'ears.

"Huh?"

Feng Luan swept her gaze down and immediately saw Wang Xian, who was standing below with his arms crossed and a smile on his face.

"Empress Dragon and Phoenix, Our Ten Thousand Demon Empire is invited here. As the saying goes, guests are guests. Is this how you treat your guests?"

"Even if the members of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire are at fault, you can't kill them, right? They are disciples of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire!"

The two fey emperors said with extremely cold expressions.

Everyone's gaze turned to the area in the sky that was shrouded in flames.

"We naturally welcome friends who come from afar. However, if friends don't abide by the rules here, we naturally won't let them go!"

"Your disciples were in the wrong first. Could it be that the people of the ten thousand fey empire want to take revenge for them?"

Feng Luan saw Wang Xian below and understood a little. She said to the two demon emperors of the ten thousand fey empire calmly.

"Revenge? Good, good, very good. Empress Dragon and Phoenix, I hope that you can continue to be strong. Hehe!"

The two demon emperors had extremely gloomy expressions when they heard Feng Luan's words.

After that, they sneered and disappeared with a flash.

Feng Luan frowned slightly when she heard their words. She looked at Wang Xian below and left as well.

In the sky, the longevity experts from the other empires and some factions were somewhat surprised.

They were extremely shocked that the dragon and Phoenix Empire dared to offend the Ten Thousand Demon Empire!

Their eyes flickered as they left as well.

"Not giving the ten thousand fey empire any face, this feud has been formed!"

"I never thought that the Dragon Phoenix Empire would dare to offend the ten thousand fey empire that has a long history. who gave them the confidence! ?"

"That's right. We have also observed that the Dragon Phoenix Empire's citizens are clearly a level lower than the Empire!"

The group of longevity experts left. Below them, the disciples who had come to watch the ceremony were shocked when they saw the feud between the Dragon Phoenix Empire and the Ten Thousand Fey Empire.

They could not understand how an empire that was just about to be established dared to offend the ten thousand Fey Empire, which had a deep heritage.

While everyone was confused and shocked, they also felt some fear and respect for the dragon-phoenix Empire.

If the ten thousand fey empire dared to offend them directly, it was not necessarily that they did not dare to offend them!

Seeing that the two fey emperors of the ten thousand fey empire did not dare to cause trouble and left directly, the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire were extremely excited.

Their powerful country naturally made them proud.

So what if they were members of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire? If they dared to cause trouble here and hurt them, they would have to pay a heavy price!