Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1737: 1737 Phoenix Cry Nine Heavens Empire established 2

"I never thought that the dragon and Phoenix Empire would be so powerful. They don't even give face to the ten thousand Fey Empire!"

"It's very similar to the style of the former empress, but who gave them the confidence? According to my senses, the Empress's strength is not as strong as it was in the past!"

In a corner of the imperial capital's Imperial Palace of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, Patriarch Sacred Flame and the Phoenix Empire's imperial master were sitting in a room. The two of them were conversing in puzzlement.

It was out of their expectations that the dragon and Phoenix Dynasty dared to offend the ten thousand Fey Empire.

"The Empress has never had a good impression of the ten thousand fey empire. Perhaps this is also the reason why the Dragon and Phoenix dynasty is so powerful!"

Patriarch Sacred Flame slowly guessed.

"There were quite a few figures who were standing with the Empress just now. There are at least ten people in the longevity realm of the dragon and Phoenix Dynasty now. This is really unexpected!"

"According to the information I received, there's another Lord Wang in the dragon-phoenix Empire. He's very powerful and is rumored to be even stronger than the empress. I wonder how the Empress managed to recruit so many experts in just over a thousand years!"

The eyes of the Emperor's master flickered. The strength that the dragon-phoenix Empire displayed just now made them feel a trace of fear.

Based on the information they received, the longevity experts that the dragon-phoenix Empire had were only slightly weaker than their Phoenix Empire.

If they were to fight, even if they could win, they would suffer heavy losses.

"Emperor Phoenix is very confident this time. Perhaps Emperor Phoenix has other trump cards!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch muttered.

"Let's Hope so!"

The imperial master nodded.

Because he had sent them here in advance, they didn't know that the ten thousand fey empire had joined forces with the Phoenix Empire.

In fact, Emperor Phoenix didn't trust them at all.

After all, the Phoenix Empire was built by the Empress herself. All the powerhouses fought with the empress.

He was afraid that someone would leak the news, so he didn't tell anyone.

...

In the imperial capital, a storm had ended. Everyone in the entire city was talking about what had just happened.

Wang Xian looked in the direction where the empire of ten thousand demons had left, and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

If it was the Ao Shan Empire or the drakonid empire that was causing trouble, he might have to consider the consequences.

However, if it was the empire of ten thousand demons, there was no longer a need.

Wang Xian looked at he yuan and the rest who had entered the restaurant and immediately walked over.

"Lord Ao was simply too domineering just now. He was facing two demon emperors of the Empire of ten thousand demons alone, and his sword radiance was pointed straight at them, causing the two demon emperors to be extremely fearful!"

"After all, he is a subordinate of our Dragon King. He is simply too cool. Oh right, I wonder where brother Wang Xian is now!"

Just as he arrived at the entrance of the private room in the restaurant, Wang Xian heard a voice coming from inside.

He smiled and knocked on the door of the private room.

"Come in!"

The door was opened by a young man. When everyone in the private room saw Wang Xian, they were slightly stunned.

"Sir Wang!"

A group of Heaven's pride disciples from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire stood up nervously and greeted him respectfully.

Long Xiaotian and he yuan also stood up immediately and opened their mouths slightly.

"Long time no see. I'm here to catch up with you guys. Why? Don't you recognize me?"

Wang Xian looked at them and smiled. He walked over and patted long Xiaotian and he yuan on the shoulders!

"How could it be? How could it be? It's just that I didn't expect that my good brother from back then would be so powerful now. Haha!"

"When I told others in the Liuhai District, they didn't believe me!"

Long Xiaotian reacted and said excitedly.

"Hehe, brother... Brother Wang, I didn't expect you to come looking for us!"

He Yuan looked at Wang Xian. His face was also filled with excitement and excitement.

The current Wang Xian was no longer the young man who drank with them back then.

Instead, he was an existence who stood at the peak of the continent and possessed a terrifying force.

They initially thought that both parties would be people from two different worlds in the future. They didn't expect Wang Xian to come looking for them today.

"Haha, there's no need to be so formal. When we first met, you were so proud that you wanted to teach me a lesson!"

Wang Xian smiled and sat at the side without putting on any airs.

"Hehe, I was still young and impulsive back then. When I first met brother Wang Xian, I wanted to teach you a lesson. In the end, you defeated me!"

He Yuan recalled the past and couldn't help but smile as he spoke.

The group of young men and he suiqing and a few girls at the side looked at Wang Xian with admiration. They looked at the three of them as they chatted.

Later on, the group of people also relaxed and chatted occasionally.

Wang Xian chatted with long Xiaotian and he yuan for more than two hours.

"You two are the only friends that I, Wang Xian, have in the transcendence continent. Xiaotian, your cultivation talent is a little lacking. I'll get you a longevity-level bloodline in a while!"

"He Yuan, your talent is sufficient to cultivate to the longevity-level. I Won't give you anything else. When you marry he suiqing, you must call me!"

Wang Xian said to Long Xiaotian and he yuan before he left.

In the restaurant, Long Xiaotian and he yuan were filled with excitement and excitement.

This was especially so for long Xiaotian. He was only at the second level of the Seethrough Void Tier. It would be a miracle if he could reach the fifth or sixth level of the Seethrough void tier in his lifetime.

However, Wang Xian's words could make him stand at the peak of the supernatural continent.

He Yuan was also extremely excited. Wang Xian's words meant that he would be nurtured to the realm of longevity, not to mention that he would marry he suiqing in the future.

No one would think that Wang Xian was bragging. That was because if he said it out loud, he would have the ability to achieve it.

This made he suiqing's face turn red with excitement. The rest of the young men looked at them enviously and tried to curry favor with them.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian walked out of the restaurant in a good mood. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Long Xiaotian and he yuan were his only two friends in the supernatural continent. Naturally, he had to lend a hand.

This was not a difficult task for him.

"Let's go to Feng Luan's place. Maybe she is very confused now!"

Wang Xian moved his body and teleported directly into the palace of the Emperor of Dragon and Phoenix.

"Xiao Xian, Xiao Xian!"

When he arrived, a group of girls shouted at him.

"Ao Jian's actions were ordered by me!"

Wang Xian pinched the faces of a few girls, causing them to scold him. Then, he said directly to Feng Luan.

"HMM, I heard from Feng Lingtian that it's fine to offend them. These guys from the ten thousand fey empire are very annoying!"

Feng Luan shook her head nonchalantly.

As for why Wang Xian wanted to do this, she would not ask.

"They are the ones who want to die. I will return to the Dragon Palace in a while. I will return on the day of the founding ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire!"

Wang Xian saw that Feng Luan did not ask further. He did not explain too much and said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"HMM? Little Xian, are you?"

Feng Luan heard his words and looked at him with some doubt.

"There are some things, but you don't have to worry about them, Feng Luan. Just focus on the inauguration ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire. Leave the rest to me!"

Wang Xian didn't tell them about the Phoenix Empire and the Ten Thousand Demons Empire.