Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1738: 1738 Phoenix Cry Nine Heavens Empire was established 3

Feng Luan took a look at Wang Xian and didn't ask about the specifics.

After chatting with the group of girls for a while, Wang Xian went straight to the Dragon Palace.

"Prime Minister Gui, gather all the members of the Dragon Palace. There will be a huge battle soon!"

Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace and ordered Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately and began to gather all the leaders.

In less than five minutes, other than the strange demon and the Golden Swordfish who were staying in the imperial capital, all the 17,000 warriors of the Dragon Palace were gathered at the Dragon Field.

Even the fire hammer clan who was responsible for forging weapons were gathered.

Wang Xian's gaze swept across all the members of the Dragon Palace. There were 17,000 of them, and the weakest one was at level three of the Seethrough realm.

They possessed the combat strength of the fourth level of the Seethrough realm.

There were a total of 90 members of the Dragon Palace who could match the combat strength of a half-step into the longevity realm. This was not even counting the powerhouses of the Dragon Spur division and the Dragon Guard.

"There will be a real battle tomorrow. Now, all the members of the Dragon Palace will practice!"

Wang Xian looked at all the members of the Dragon Palace and said in a low voice.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the other leaders nodded their heads heavily and began to arrange their troops.

The battle tomorrow would be a real battle.

The Phoenix Empire and the Ten Thousand Demons Empire had a total of 600,000 to 700,000 experts.

Among them, there were 70,000 to 80,000 insightful void realm experts.

The two empires had sent out 70,000 to 80,000 insightful void realm experts. This was definitely an extremely terrifying number.

At the same time, this was almost the entire strength of the two empires.

In terms of the number of insightful emptiness realm experts, the two empires had completely crushed the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

Even with the addition of the Dragon Palace, the number was undoubtedly overwhelming.

However, Wang Xian was not afraid at all. Currently, there were 20,000 insightful emptiness realm experts from the dragon palace and around 15,000 insightful emptiness realm experts from the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

The reason why the dragon-phoenix Empire had so many experts was mainly due to the arrival of the fire lark tribe.

When the two forces were added together, there were a total of 35,000 insightful emptiness realm experts.

In terms of numbers, it was still more than double the difference between the two empires.

However, there was still the nine God Empire. Mo Sha had brought over 10,000 insightful emptiness realm experts. Furthermore, all of them were the elites of the nine god Empire and were experts above level three of the insightful emptiness realm.

Including them, there were about 45,000 insightful emptiness realm experts.

Although they were still lagging behind, they were much stronger than the two empires in terms of strength.

One had to know that the lowest level of the Dragon Palace, level three of the insightful emptiness realm, could fight against level four of the insightful emptiness realm.

The Phoenix Empire and the ten thousand fey empire had 80% of the experts from level one to level three of the insightful emptiness realm.

In terms of overall strength, they had the upper hand.

Even though the current analysis showed that they had the upper hand, Wang Xian still could not afford to slack off. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

In order to avoid any losses, Wang Xian instructed all the members of the Dragon Palace to be 100% prepared.

The long-range attacks, close-range attacks, and the supporting Dolphin clan. All the members of the Dragon Palace started to practice and prepare for the upcoming battle.

Time slowly passed, and the day of the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire soon arrived.

Early in the morning, the entire imperial city was bustling with activity. Everyone walked towards the front of the imperial city.

In the ruins of the former divine kingdom, in front of the statue of the Master of the Divine Kingdom, there was a huge field.

That field was not crowded even when tens of millions of people gathered together.

The statue had been removed and replaced with a statue that was covered by objects.

There were many luxurious platforms set up in front of them. The Dragon and Phoenix Empire's army had gathered in the empty space in front of them.

Many soldiers stood there neatly.

There were more than a dozen viewing platforms on both sides. It was also the place where the various empires and factions observed the ceremony.

As for the people at the front, they were standing one by one!

Since a long time ago, tens of millions of people had crowded over here.

If Feng Luan and the others didn't forbid too many people from coming, there would have been hundreds of millions of people.

"There's still an hour before our empire is established. It's really exciting!"

"The sixth great empire of the transcendent continent, the Second Empire established by a great empress in history. After today, our dragon-phoenix Empire will truly stand at the top of the continent!"

"Haha, this is the establishment of an empire. It's not something the Wuji Empire could compare to. It's simply too spectacular!"

"In the future, we will also be citizens of the empire. Long live the dragon-phoenix Empress!"

An incomparably lively voice came from the front. The citizens stood there waiting with excited faces.

Cheers could be heard from time to time.

Tens of millions of people. With a glance, all of them were densely packed with heads.

If it weren't for the powerhouses maintaining order, even if every one of them wasn't weak, they would still be squeezed to death by so many people!

"They're here, they're here. The people from the major forces are here!"

Half an hour later, the other forces from the continent entered one by one.

Each faction had at least a thousand people, and many of them were led by longevity experts.

This was especially so for the five great empires, which had all brought experts at the profound void realm.

Following the arrival of the spectating groups of the various major factions, the ministers of the dragon-phoenix Empire and the city lords of the various cities also walked in and stood at the front.

Their eyes were filled with excitement and excitement.

"Oh? That's the nine God Emperor Lord? The newly born Emperor Lord of the nine God Empire, why is he here personally! ?"

"That's true, and the nine God Empire actually sent over ten thousand people this time, all of them are top-notch experts!"

"Why are there so many people here?"

After the various large factions that came to observe the ceremony took their seats, they saw the experts of the nine God Empire who were located near the center, and their faces revealed shock.

Especially when they saw the nine god Emperor come personally, their hearts were filled with disbelief!

It seemed like it was impossible to invite the Emperor of another empire to the grand ceremony of one empire.

However, although they were puzzled, they could not find any answers.

As everyone slowly entered the venue, the time for the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire was getting closer and closer.

"Chirp, chirp, Chirp!"

"Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp, Chirp!"

Not long after, a crisp chirping sound rang out from behind the grand ceremony stage.

The sound was filled with joy and nobility.

When the chirping sound rang out, everyone looked towards the sky in unison.

Everyone immediately shut their mouths and looked over excitedly.

The grand ceremony for the establishment of the Empire was about to begin!

"That is? The fire lark!"

When the factions that came to watch the ceremony saw the fire lark in the sky, they were all shocked.

Following that, a familiar figure appeared.

A row of fiery red battle armor, each battle armor having a fiery Red Wing.

A red feather was stuck on the heads of the soldiers wearing battle armor.

The five thousand people were divided into two groups and slowly walked onto the stage!

Each of their eyes were filled with excitement and tears!

The firecloud guards appeared!