Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1739: 1739 Phoenix Cry Nine Heavens Empire was established 4

"Fire cloud personal guard, that's the fire cloud personal guard. My God, why would the fire cloud personal guard appear here?"

"Fire Cloud Sparrow clan? How did they appear? Could it be that the fire cloud sparrow has joined the Dragon Phoenix Empire?"

"The fire cloud personal guard, who once accompanied the empress throughout her life and was once the strongest army of the Phoenix Empire, actually appeared in the Dragon Phoenix Empire!"

The familiar figure, the familiar attire, and the slowly condensing fire clouds in the sky.

The Flying Fire Cloud Sparrow demonic beast circled in the sky, causing all the factions that came to watch the ceremony to be able to confirm that this was the fire cloud personal guards.

The most powerful personal guards of the Phoenix Empire.

The left and right hands of the Empress!

Seeing their appearance, all the factions that came to watch the ceremony couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

They had never expected that the famous fire cloud sparrow clan would reappear, and that the fire cloud personal guards would reappear!

"What are the fire cloud personal guards?"

"Hiss, when did our dragon-phoenix Empire have so many experts?"

"Fire cloud personal guards, what are they? A total of five thousand top-notch experts, oh my God!"

The spectators were not the only ones who were shocked. Even some of the ministers and city lords of the dragon-phoenix Empire were looking at the group of personal guards who were walking over in shock.

They did not know when the dragon-phoenix Empire had such an army.

As for the commoners, they were even more unaware!

"The fire cloud personal guards were once the personal guards of the eternal great empress. They once followed the great empress to establish the Phoenix Empire!"

"They are the great empress's most loyal subordinates. I don't know why they joined our dragon-phoenix Empire!"

A few knowledgeable people who knew about the fire cloud sparrow clan said to the people around them.

"What? The Eternal Empress's personal guard?"

Hearing this name, everyone was slightly shocked.

Eternal Empress. Just these two words, everyone knew what it meant!

When everyone from the Phoenix dynasty saw the fire cloud personal guard, their expressions were somewhat awkward.

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

At this moment, the fire cloud sparrow chirped again.

The five thousand fire cloud guards lined up in two rows, leaving a path in the middle.

At the end of the path, figures slowly appeared.

The first to appear in front of everyone was Feng Luan, who was wearing a veil. Beside her, Feng Yun respectfully stretched out his hand to support her arm.

Feng Luan was dressed in a fiery red dragon and Phoenix Robe. Her noble crown made her seem like a goddess who stood high up in the sky.

Feng Yun was dressed like the leader of the fire cloud personal guards. He dutifully followed at the side.

Behind them were a group of girls dressed in all kinds of beautiful and noble clothes.

Including Xiao Yu, there were nine girls. Every girl was like a fairy in the sky.

Behind the nine girls were the five longevity experts of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

The group slowly walked toward the stage where the ceremony was held. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

At this moment, everyone's eyes were focused on Feng Luan and the others.

"Why does this scene look familiar?"

"I remember that when the Phoenix dynasty was founded, I went to watch the ceremony as well. The fire cloud sparrow ancestor, Feng Yun, accompanied the empress. It's so familiar. It's very similar to the time when the Phoenix Dynasty was founded!"

"It seems that the fire cloud sparrow clan has completely submitted to the dragon-phoenix Empire. They have once again established the fire cloud personal guard. They are also an empress!"

When the factions that came to attend the ceremony saw this scene, they whispered among themselves.

"Our Empress is out!"

"Behind the Empress is our dragon-phoenix Empire's council of elders. Wow, the elders of our Council of elders are all goddesses!"

"Haha, I think that our empire calling it the goddess Empire is pretty good!"

Seeing Feng Luan and the others slowly walking over, all the citizens of the dragon and Phoenix Empire revealed heated expressions in their eyes.

They stared at their Emperor Lord and Elder Council, their eyes filled with reverence.

All the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire knew that their empire only took eight years to establish.

To establish an empire so quickly, one could imagine how powerful their empress was.

Feng Luan slowly walked over and walked to the ceremony stage.

A group of female students and all the experts of the dragon-phoenix Empire stood behind her.

On the stage, Feng Luan's gaze swept across the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire and everyone who came to watch the ceremony.

"Today, I thank all the major forces on the continent for participating in the founding ceremony of our dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Eight years ago, the dragon-phoenix Empire established a dynasty in a small city. Eight years later, the dragon-phoenix Empire announced the establishment of the sixth largest empire on the continent!"

A clear voice came out of Feng Luan's mouth and entered everyone's ears.

As she spoke, she slowly took two steps forward.

Upon hearing Feng Luan's words, the pupils of some of the forces that were not very clear contracted slightly, and disbelief appeared on their faces.

Eight years? How was this possible

The former number one empress of the eternal era used more than a thousand years to build an empire.

"As expected of the Empress!"

Sacred Flame ancestor and Emperor Master looked at each other. From their eyes, they saw the other party's fear and a trace of profound coldness.

"For more than a thousand years, I have experienced frost and snow!"

Suddenly, under everyone's incredulous expressions, Feng Luan slightly raised her head, and an imposing aura emitted from her body.

Her words caused everyone's faces to reveal a puzzled expression.

She had experienced frost and snow for more than a thousand years!

What did she mean by this?

"An eternal empress has once again descended upon the transcendent continent!"

In the next moment, an ice-cold voice resounded throughout the entire sky.

In the sky above Feng Luan, an incomparably huge fire phoenix slowly condensed.

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

The incomparably huge fire Phoenix looked up into the sky and let out a phoenix cry.

A Phoenix cry from the nine heavens.

"Buzz!"

The veil on Feng Luan's face slowly disappeared. A face that was once familiar to everyone appeared in everyone's sight.

It was an exquisite and beautiful face that did not seem to belong to the mortal world. There was an exquisite flaming phoenix dancing between her brows.

Her brows were raised high.

At this moment, everyone's faces revealed shock.

"Today, I, Feng Luan, announce the establishment of the sixth great empire of the extraordinary continent, the Dragon Phoenix Empire!"

"Today, I, Feng Luan, announce to the world that the old me has returned. The old Empress has returned!"

A cold and noble voice entered everyone's ears.

The familiar face and the cold words caused everyone around to reveal shocked expressions.

Even the Wanshou experts from the dragon-man Empire and the Ao Shan Empire who had come to observe the ceremony revealed shocked expressions when they saw this face and heard the declaration!

"An eternal empress, Feng Luan. How is this possible? Hasn't she already fallen?"

"What's going on? The Empress of the Dragonphoenix Empire is actually the former empress. Heavens!"

Exclamations sounded from the mouths of the various large factions who had come to observe the ceremony. They stood up in shock and stared at Feng Luan on the stage.

Why had the fallen Empress suddenly appeared here?

Everyone was dumbfounded!