Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1740: 1740 Phoenix Cry Nine Heavens Empire was established 5

"What? Our Dragon Phoenix Empress was the first Empress of all time?"

"Oh my God, this... how is this possible? According to the rumors, didn't the Phoenix Dynasty's Empress Fall more than 1,800 years ago?"

"The first empress of all time is actually our dragon Phoenix Empress. This... This is simply too shocking!"

"No Way, our empress is actually the number one empress of all time. Then... doesn't that mean that our empress is the only powerful existence on the continent who has successively established two great empires? !"

The people who came to watch the ceremony had faces full of shock. All the ministers, soldiers, and people of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire also had faces full of shock!

Their empress was actually the number one empress of the continent in history. She was the only strange woman on the continent thousands of years ago!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

At this moment, the Fire Phoenix that was dozens of kilometers in circumference condensed in the sky above Feng Luan. The lifelike fire Phoenix let out a Phoenix Cry!

"Phoenix cries into the nine heavens. I, Feng Luan, announce the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Feng Luan's dignified gaze swept across everyone in front of her. Her voice transmitted into the minds of the tens of millions of people in front of her.

"Officials of the dragon-phoenix Empire pay their respects to the Great Empress!"

At the very front, the officials of the dragon and Phoenix Empire widened their eyes. They immediately knelt on the ground and shouted loudly.

Even the officials of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire only knew of Feng Luan's identity now.

After learning of the true identity of their dragon and Phoenix Empress, everyone was shocked and excited at the same time.

No wonder their Empress had great talent and great plans! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

No wonder their empress was able to manage the dynasty in an orderly manner!

No wonder their empress was able to make a dynasty become an empire so quickly.

It turned out that her empress was the legendary number one empress on the continent.

This made the respect and reverence in their hearts even deeper!

All of them knelt on the ground and shouted loudly with faces full of excitement.

"All the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire pay their respects to the Empress!"

All the soldiers of the dragon and Phoenix Empire immediately knelt on the ground and shouted excitedly.

"Hualala!"

"Pay our respects to the Empress!"

Behind them, the citizens also knelt on the ground with burning eyes and earth-shattering voices sounded.

The voices of tens of millions of people reverberated within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers.

"Ministers, soldiers, citizens!"

"Rise!"

Feng Luan's robes were light as a vast power swept towards the citizens of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

A powerful force made them stand up.

All the citizens stood up and stared at the Empress on the stage in awe.

"The Dragon and Phoenix Empire was established as the sixth great empire of the extraordinary continent, and it was also the Second Empire that I, Feng Luan, founded!"

Feng Luan's lips parted slightly as she slowly explained when she saw everyone stand up.

"1,800 years ago, I was almost killed by a crafty person. Later, for revenge, I built the Dragon and Phoenix Empire Step by step!"

Her voice continued to ring out.

When she finished speaking, everyone had shocked expressions on their faces and their eyes were shining.

"It turns out that the number one empress of the eternal world did not fall by accident during cultivation, but was killed by someone!"

The eyes of the various factions that came to observe the ceremony flashed with a bright light as they swept their gazes over the Phoenix dynasty.

The Patriarch of the Phoenix Dynasty's Sacred Fire clan and the Emperor's teacher of the Phoenix Dynasty stood there.

They looked at the Empress with gloomy expressions. At this moment, everyone knew that there was a problem with the Phoenix dynasty.

This caused the experts from the various factions to look pensive.

No one would have thought that the empress of the dragon-phoenix Empire was actually the founder of the Phoenix Dynasty, the number one empress of all time.

Now that the Empress had returned for revenge, she would definitely engage in a battle with the Phoenix dynasty.

It was hard to say who would win or lose. However, for the number one empress of all time to be able to establish another empire in such a short period of time, one could imagine how terrifying she was.

"During this period of time, I would like to thank the soldiers who fought with me, the loyalty of the firecloud personal guards, and all the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Feng Luan's voice continued to ring out.

Tens of millions of people stared blankly.

As Feng Luan spoke, her gaze swept across the area below. She was slightly puzzled when she realized that there was no sign of Wang Xian.

"The Empire has been established. The firecloud Sparrow clan is now named the firecloud personal guards. They are now..."

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Feng Luan continued speaking. The empire had been established, so naturally, it was necessary to confer titles upon them.

However, at this moment, a signal flare suddenly appeared in the sky dozens of kilometers away.

The signal flare flew into the sky, leaving behind a very eye-catching mark that lingered in the sky for a long time.

Everyone in the Dragon and Phoenix Empire was slightly startled, and their faces revealed curious expressions.

When Feng Luan saw the signal flare, she also slightly raised her brows and her eyes flickered.

However, she ignored it and continued with the establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

Below, the sacred flame ancestor and the Emperor's master saw that the signal had already been sent out, and their eyes flickered with a cold luster.

"Next, I really want to know, sacred flame, Emperor Wen, my former subordinates, do you have anything you want to say to me?"

One by one, the positions were conferred. Feng Luan suddenly changed the topic and looked in the direction of the Feng Dynasty and asked indifferently.

"They're here!"

"The Feng dynasty was created by our empress. All the experts in the Empire were promoted by the Empress. Just now, when the two longevity experts of the Feng dynasty saw our empress, they were not excited at all. It seems that they betrayed the Empress!"

"This bunch of ingrates. Without our empress, the Phoenix Empire wouldn't be where it is today. They actually betrayed us!"

When everyone saw the empress turn her words to the Phoenix Empire, they couldn't help but feel a chill in their hearts.

All the ministers, soldiers, and citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire stared coldly at the people of the Phoenix Empire.

The anger and killing intent of tens of millions of people caused the expressions of everyone in the Phoenix Empire to change drastically.

"Empress!"

Sacred Flame Patriarch and the Emperor of the Feng dynasty, Di Wen, had a slight change in expression. Their eyes flickered as they shouted.

"Congratulations on establishing the dragon-phoenix Empire, Empress. However, the emperor of our Feng dynasty is now emperor Feng. We are loyal to Emperor Feng!"

"One emperor and one courtier. We have no choice!"

The emperor's master said expressionlessly.

"No Choice? After learning of the news of the Empress'death, not only did you not take revenge for the Empress, you even acted as accomplices for the Tiger!"

"Look at the current Feng dynasty. In the hands of that crafty person, the people are living in misery. On the other hand, the 17 founding generals'families are thriving!"

As soon as the emperor's master finished speaking, Feng Yun, who was standing behind Feng Luan, shouted angrily.

"The current emperor of the Feng dynasty is Emperor Feng. No one else has the right to judge. I wonder what the Dragon and Phoenix Empress Wants? To become enemies with our Feng Dynasty?"

The Emperor Master said indifferently with a dark expression.

"Haha, How About It? What belongs to me, I will naturally take it back. Those who hurt me and my family will naturally have to pay the price!"

Feng Luan's gaze swept over Patriarch Sacred Flame and the Emperor Master, and a powerful killing intent shot out from her eyes!

She didn't conceal it at all!

All the surrounding forces that came to watch the ceremony watched this scene with flickering eyes.

Next, there may be a good show to play out!