Chapter 1741: 1741 Dragon Roar Nine Heavens Dragon Palace was born

"Kill them, kill those ingrates of the Phoenix Dynasty!"

"Kill them, we will fight side by side with the Empress, kill those damn things!"

"Kill, kill, those who offend our empress, Kill!"

When the people of the dragon-phoenix Empire felt the powerful killing intent of Feng Luan, all the soldiers and officials stared at the Phoenix Dynasty and roared loudly.

Streams of cold killing intent locked onto everyone in the Phoenix dynasty.

At this moment, the sacred flame patriarch and the Emperor's master's expressions changed drastically. They swept their gaze behind them and a trace of cold sweat appeared on their foreheads.

They were really afraid that Feng Luan would kill them right now.

With their strength, they were completely unable to fight against the experts of the entire dragon-phoenix Empire.

"Dragon-phoenix empress, you invited our Phoenix dynasty to attend the ceremony. Could it be that you want to kill us?"

"As the saying goes, if two countries fight, don't kill the envoys. As the number one empress of all time, aren't you going too far?"

The sacred flame ancestor said to Feng Luan with an embarrassed expression.

"That's right, attending the ceremony is attending the ceremony. If two countries fight, don't kill the envoys!"

"As an empire, you have to do things openly. After this, the two empires can start a war at any time!"

At this moment, a faint voice came from the side.

Everyone was slightly shocked and quickly looked over.

"The Ten Thousand Demon Empire was said by the Ten Thousand Demon Empire's Demon Emperor!"

"It seems that the ten thousand demon empire is already very dissatisfied with the matter from the day before yesterday. That's why they directly spoke up to help the Phoenix Dynasty's People!"

Everyone looked at the Ten Thousand Demon Empire's demon emperor standing there arrogantly and they were slightly shocked.

"Hehe, I won't make a move today, and I don't need to. Very soon, I will lead my army to the Phoenix Dynasty and take back everything that belongs to me!"

Feng Luan's cold gaze swept past the Demon Emperor of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire and landed on sacred flame and Emperor's master.

"Dragon Phoenix Empress, don't be so confident!"

Patriarch Sacred Flame and Emperor's master said indifferently with gloomy faces when they heard Feng Luan's words.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, an extremely terrifying aura suddenly came from behind.

The aura that suddenly rushed over made everyone slightly shocked.

A trace of shock flashed through the eyes of the forces that came to watch the ceremony.

The sacred flame ancestor and the Emperor's master felt the aura that rushed over and their faces lit up with joy.

"Haha, Dragon Phoenix Empress, don't be complacent too early!"

"An empire that has just been established, what right does it have to oppose our Phoenix Dynasty!"

"In the past, there was no empress, and in the future, there will be no empress in this world. Haha, Dragon Phoenix Empire, prepare to be destroyed!"

The sacred flame ancestor and the Emperor's master looked at each other, then led all of their subordinates and directly flew towards the rear.

They floated in the sky and stared at Feng Luan as they coldly roared.

The terrifying aura behind them grew stronger and stronger as figures appeared in everyone's line of sight.

"Hiss!"

Everyone, all the factions, sucked in a breath of cold air when they saw a huge army suddenly appear behind them.

"That's... That's the Phoenix Dynasty's army. They should have known that the Dragon Phoenix Empress was the Phoenix Dynasty's empress long ago. Their army actually directly attacked!"

"Oh my God, so the Phoenix Empire was already prepared. Are they going to destroy the Dragon Phoenix Empire when it's established?"

"Look at the sixteen figures in the lead. The one in the middle is the Phoenix Emperor, the current monarch of the Phoenix Empire. He's come personally!"

"Eighteen longevity experts. All the experts of the Phoenix Empire have come. Based on our observations, the Dragon Phoenix Empire only has fifteen or sixteen at most. We're not even sure if the girls behind the empress are longevity experts!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"I didn't expect that the Phoenix Empire would attack when the dragon-phoenix Empire was established!"

Shocked voices came from the experts who came to observe the ceremony.

The establishment of the dragon-phoenix Empire today was simply too shocking.

The first empress of the Eternal Era had appeared!

The Army of the Phoenix Empire had attacked!

"Oh no, the Army of the Phoenix Empire has actually attacked!"

"Damn it, they were prepared!"

The people of the dragon-phoenix Empire felt the terrifying aura and almost knelt on the ground. Their faces were all red and extremely embarrassed.

After all, this was the most powerful force of the Phoenix dynasty!

"I didn't expect it, I really didn't expect it. Are you guys so impatient?"

Feng Luan stared at the hundreds of thousands of soldiers in front of her with a cold look in her eyes.

Her pair of Phoenix eyes stared at the middle-aged man with a beard in the middle.

Emperor Feng!

"Hahahaha, my good niece, I really didn't expect that you were still alive!"

"I really didn't expect that you actually established the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"I heard that two years ago, an empire was established and was directly destroyed by you. It didn't even exist for a day!"

"Now, this emperor will imitate you, Haha!"

A maniacal laughter came out of Emperor Feng's mouth. His voice was filled with strong confidence and a strong domineering air.

The voice had a deafening feeling. Some of the weaker people hurriedly covered their ears with a pained expression on their faces.

They looked at the expert who was like a god of fire as flames rose around him. Their faces were filled with fear.

"Feng Chaotian, back then, I single-handedly raised you to become the second most powerful expert of the Phoenix dynasty. I didn't expect you to betray me!"

"I also didn't expect you to kill all my family members in the dark. How can an ungrateful person like you be qualified to be an emperor!"

Anger appeared in Feng Luan's eyes. Her body moved and she directly floated in the sky.

She looked at the army of the Feng dynasty that was flying over 50 kilometers away. Her eyes were filled with killing intent.

"Feng Luan, cut the crap. I could kill you 1,800 years ago, but I can still kill you today. Empress? Hehe, there won't be a empress in this world!"

When Emperor Feng heard Feng Luan's words, a ferocious expression appeared on his face. He directly roared.

"All civilians, move to the rear. All soldiers, get ready!"

Feng Yun's face was filled with solemnity when he saw the army of the Feng dynasty slowly approaching. He directly ordered all the civilians.

"Quick, quickly move to the rear!"

"I didn't expect the Feng dynasty to attack us!"

"All soldiers, get ready to face the enemy!"

A loud shout came from below as the civilians quickly flew toward the direction of the imperial capital.

All the soldiers lined up, their gazes fixed on the army that was flying towards them.

Every soldier's eyes were filled with a solemn expression.

"Hahaha, Feng Luan, you have at most the strength of a Wanshou fourth rank, what do you have to fight with me?"

"These soldiers of your dragon-phoenix Empire are far, far inferior to the experts of our Phoenix dynasty. Haha, What Do You Have to fight with me!"

Emperor Feng looked at the people who were hiding and the dragon-phoenix Empire's army. He swept his gaze across them and shouted disdainfully.