Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1742: 1742 Dragon Roar Nine Heavens Dragon Palace was born

What do you have to fight with me? !

A confident voice came out of Emperor Feng's mouth.

The longevity experts of the Phoenix dynasty looked ahead with cold eyes.

The citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire who had retreated to the imperial capital had an embarrassed look on their faces when they heard Emperor Feng's words.

"The core experts of the seventeen founding families of the Phoenix Dynasty have all come. This is almost 70% of the power of the entire Phoenix Dynasty!"

"Hiss, I really didn't expect that Emperor Feng and the others would actually hide not far away. It seems that the signal flare just now was an order to attack!"

"The Empress might be in big trouble this time. With the current dragon-phoenix Empire, it's still not a match for the Phoenix Dynasty!"

The large factions that came to watch the ceremony immediately brought their disciples to the rear. They looked at the Phoenix dynasty that was pressing down on them and analyzed truthfully.

"Feng Chaotian, you are still as arrogant as before!"

Feng Luan stared at Emperor Feng and said coldly.

"Haha, arrogant? It's because I, Emperor Feng, have the strength. Today, your dragon-phoenix Empire will definitely be destroyed!"

Emperor Feng laughed loudly and his body shook. An incomparably terrifying fire Phoenix instantly condensed in the sky.

The Fire Phoenix was also tens of kilometers in size and faced the fire phoenix in the sky above Feng Luan.

However, the fire Phoenix condensed by Emperor Feng was much more powerful than Feng Luan's!

"Damn it, Feng Chaotian, you actually extracted my bloodline, my blood!"

Emperor Feng's expression changed slightly when he saw the fire Phoenix in the sky, and he shouted sternly.

"Haha, I Want to thank your bloodline for making me so powerful!"

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

Emperor Feng laughed out loud. The Fire Phoenix in the sky let out a wild cry as its icy cold eyes stared straight ahead!

"If you want to deal with the Great Empress, you have to step over my body. Step over the body of our fire cloud personal guard!"

Feng Yun looked at the arrogant Emperor Feng and shouted out sternly!

"Kill!"

The eyes of every member of the fire cloud personal guard were filled with violent killing intent as they shouted out loudly.

"Kill!"

Beside them, all the soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire similarly roared out in a stern voice. An incomparably terrifying killing intent charged forward ten kilometers.

"Haha, Feng Yun doesn't need Emperor Phoenix to make a move. I will be able to kill you today!"

Sacred Flame ancestor's sinister eyes stared at Feng Yun as he roared loudly!

"Let the dragon-phoenix Empire experience our strength!"

"Kill!"

The Emperor Master waved his arm and a war flag appeared in his hand as he roared with killing intent.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The disciples of the seventeen founding families of the Phoenix Empire stared coldly ahead as their auras exploded out!

An invisible aura charged towards all the soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

In an instant, the dragon-phoenix Empire was at a disadvantage in terms of aura.

"Keke, the Phoenix Empire has more than 30,000 insightful void realm experts, while the dragon-phoenix Empire only has about 15,000. The gap is huge. They are no match for the Phoenix Empire at all!"

"Perhaps it really is as the Phoenix Empire said. There is no empress in the world, not in the past, and not in the future. Hehe!"

At this moment, the voice of a demon emperor rang out from the ten thousand fey empire.

His face was filled with mockery as he spoke without any hesitation.

Everyone in the dragon-phoenix Empire heard his words clearly.

This caused the expressions of everyone in the dragon-phoenix Empire to change drastically.

They gulped as they looked towards the Phoenix dynasty, their eyes filled with worry.

The other party had more than thirty thousand longevity experts, more than double their number!

The difference was simply too great!

"Haha, what Sixth Great Empire of the continent? Prepare to be destroyed!"

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

Emperor Phoenix laughed loudly, and the tyrannical voice of the Fire Phoenix in the sky rang out once more.

"It's over, our dragon-phoenix Empire won't really..."

"No, no, it's impossible. Our dragon-phoenix Empire has just been established, and our Empress is the number one empress of the continent. How can we possibly fail!"

Some of the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire revealed panicked expressions when they saw this scene.

The panic quickly spread to the surroundings.

Feng Luan looked at all the power of the Phoenix Empire ahead and took a deep breath.

The power of the Phoenix Empire was indeed much stronger than the current dragon-phoenix Empire.

"Kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke

"At the very least, he is an emperor lord of one of the five great empires on the continent. Today, he has really broadened my horizons!"

"If you want to destroy the dragon-phoenix Empire, ask me, Mo Sha, if I agree!"

All of a sudden, a voice filled with ridicule and contempt sounded out, causing all the factions and people from the dragon-phoenix Empire who came to watch the ceremony to be slightly startled.

"Boom Boom!"

The moment the voice sounded out, waves of terrifying auras directly charged over.

Mo Sha and all the experts of the nine God Empire who had been standing at the side all this while moved.

They directly floated in the sky and stood beside Feng Luan. Monstrous demonic qi instantly condensed in the sky.

"What?"

"The Emperor of the nine God Empire, why did he directly help the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Hiss, my God, what's the situation? Why did the nine God Empire help the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Seeing the nine God Empire participate in the battle, everyone was shocked.

Apart from the Phoenix Phoenix and fire cloud sparrow, everyone else was shocked.

The Emperor of the nine God Empire led all the experts to help the dragon-phoenix Empire!

This...

Actually caused another empire to intervene!

The nine God Empire intervened. This was unexpected. Half of the six empires on the continent were at war!

"Kekekeke, your Phoenix Empire doesn't have the strength to kill the great empress. I originally thought that I would exterminate all of you after a period of time. Since I'm here, it saves me a lot of trouble!"

Mo Sha floated in the sky and stared proudly at everyone from the Phoenix Empire as he laughed loudly.

"This... this is such a familiar voice. The nine God Empire actually helped us. Haha, That's Great!"

"A great empire on the continent is directly helping our great empress and our dragon-phoenix Empire. This time, it's not them destroying us, but us destroying them. Haha!"

"I didn't expect our great empress to have such a great trump card. Kill the Phoenix Empire, kill them!"

"Kill them!"

Everyone from the dragon-phoenix Empire was excited. They didn't expect the nine gods empire to be their helper!

"Lord of the nine gods, this is the grudge between our Phoenix Empire and the dragon-phoenix Empire. Are you all going to interfere?"

When Emperor Phoenix saw the nine God Empire suddenly interfere and heard Mo Sha's words, his expression instantly turned ugly as he roared with a malevolent expression.

"Keke, I don't like people like you. What can you do to me if you interfere? Keke Keke!"

Mo Sha's arrogant laughter continued to ring out.

Patriarch Sacred Flame and the Emperor Master of the Phoenix Dynasty revealed a trace of fear on their faces. They had never expected that the nine God Empire would help the empress. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

What the two of them didn't notice was that there was no worry in the eyes of the surrounding experts of the Phoenix dynasty!

There was no fear in the somewhat crazed eyes of the Phoenix Emperor. He stared at the void in front of him and revealed a ferocious smile.

"Today, no matter who helps you, they will not be able to stop the destruction of your dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Whoever dares to help Feng Luan, this emperor will destroy them!"

His voice that was still filled with arrogance and confidence resounded throughout the entire sky!