Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1743: 1743 Dragon Roar Nine Heavens Dragon Palace was born

Whoever dares to help Feng Luan, I will destroy them!

His confident and domineering tone resounded throughout the sky!

Looking at Emperor Feng's ferocious expression and the flames in his eyes, everyone around was shocked.

They did not understand why emperor Feng was so confident and domineering.

With the strength of the dragon-phoenix Empire and the nine God Empire, even if this was not the full strength of the nine God Empire, it was enough to resist or even destroy the Feng dynasty!

Feng Luan and Mo sha frowned slightly when they saw emperor Feng who was still so confident and overbearing.

They realized that the Phoenix Empire didn't feel any fear when they saw the nine God Empire attack.

"Prepare to die!"

Emperor Feng's voice sounded again.

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

"Chirp!"

Suddenly, a violent voice sounded from behind Feng Luan and the others. All kinds of shaking and roars sounded.

The entire world seemed to shake.

Hearing this voice, Emperor Feng smiled. He had been waiting for this voice. Otherwise, with his character, he wouldn't have talked to Feng Luan for so long!

"What's the situation?"

"Oh my God, look behind us. Ten Thousand Beasts are galloping. Hundreds of thousands of demon beasts are galloping!"

"Hiss, what's the situation? which faction are those Demon Beasts?"

"Oh my God, they are? They are members of the ten thousand Fey Empire!"

A series of shocked voices came from the members of the factions that came to watch the ceremony, as well as the generals and ministers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

They stared at the various demonic beasts and beasts that were rushing over in shock.

There were hundreds of demonic beasts that were hundreds of meters in size and thousands of meters in size.

At the very front, there was a demonic beast that had flaming wings and green wings.

Its body was hundreds of meters long, and red and green light was flowing all over its body.

It was a heaven and earth mutated Beast, a heaven and earth mutated beast from the transcendent continent.

It had two attributes: the Demon Emperor of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire, the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird Emperor Lord!

"Chirp chirp, Emperor Phoenix, you guys came fast!"

A proud voice came from the nine heavens demonic bird emperor Lord's mouth. His face was relaxed as if he was greeting an old friend!

"It's the nine heavens demonic bird monarch. You guys are too slow!"

The Phoenix monarch smiled when he saw hundreds of thousands of demonic beasts charging over.

The ten thousand fey empire was much stronger than the Phoenix dynasty. There were more than forty thousand void interpretation level experts.

There were a terrifying twenty-six longevity level experts!

In addition to the nine heavens demonic bird monarch's invincible strength, they had a hundred percent confidence in destroying the dragon-phoenix Empire!

"Hiss, the ten thousand Fey Empire is actually the ten thousand fey empire. The entire ten thousand fey empire's Fey thearchs and Fey emperors are here. How can they be... finished? The dragon-phoenix Empire is going to be finished, completely finished!"

"Oh my God, the four great empires on the continent have joined in. The Phoenix Empire and the ten thousand fey empire have obviously sent out all their experts. The nine God Empire's strength is much weaker!"

"How terrifying. It's really a bumpy ride!"

A series of shocked voices sounded. Everyone looked stiffly at the experts of the ten thousand fey empire who were surrounding them from behind and took a deep breath.

The establishment of an empire had triggered a war between the four empires.

"Why did I vaguely hear someone say that they wanted to destroy the Dragon Phoenix Empire? I wanted to ask if he agreed. Now, I want to ask if the ten thousand fey empire wants to destroy the great empress. Who doesn't agree?"

Nine hundred thousand demon beasts charged over as though they were destroying the world, causing the entire sky to lose its color.

Demonic Qi filled the sky for a hundred thousand li!

The Voice of the nine heavens demonic bird monarch slowly sounded.

They stopped ten thousand meters in the sky and looked down.

The Nine Heavens Demonic Bird scanned all the powers of the Dragon Phoenix Empire and stared coldly at Mo Sha.

"Oh no!"

"Damn it, damn it, why is the ten thousand fey empire here too!"

Mo Sha's expression changed slightly when he saw the nine heavens Fey bird monarch staring at him as he growled in a low voice.

Feng Luan scanned all the experts of the ten thousand fey empire as her expression changed drastically. The Phoenix Empire probably did not expect the nine God Empire to help them.

She also did not expect the ten thousand fey empire to actually use their entire empire's strength to attack them!

However, when she saw the familiar aura coming from the nine heavens Fey bird monarch's flaming wings, her expression changed instantly as a flame of anger jumped in her eyes.

"The twenty-six longevity experts of the ten thousand fey empire have all arrived!"

"The eighteen longevity experts of the Phoenix Empire have all arrived as well. There are actually forty-four longevity experts!"

"On the other hand, the dragon-phoenix Empire only has about twenty at most. It would be extremely difficult to deal with even one of the ten thousand Fey Empire!"

"The dragon-phoenix Empire is completely finished. The nine heavens demonic bird sovereign of the ten thousand fey empire has the bearing of a dragon and is an invincible existence at the level of level six longevity!"

A shocked voice came from the mouths of the spectators.

"If your Aoshan Empire did not participate, the dragon-phoenix Empire would be finished!"

When the longevity expert from the Dragonman Empire saw this scene, he raised his brows and said to the longevity expert from the Aoshan Empire.

"We did not participate!"

The longevity expert from the Aoshan Empire shook his head.

After hearing the words of the dragon-man Empire's expert, he knew that the dragon-man Empire didn't get involved.

This time, the dragon-phoenix Empire was going to be destroyed!

Nearby, the dragon-phoenix Empire's soldiers, courtiers, and citizens had a look of despair on their faces.

"Nine God Empire, I'll give you five seconds to consider. If you still want to help the empress within five seconds, then I'll destroy you!" Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Nine Heaven Demonic Bird Emperor Lord Mo ran's eyes stared at Mo Sha as he continued to speak indifferently.

"Hehe, whoever interferes today will be destroyed. This time, no one in the entire transcendent continent will be able to save you!"

"Feng Luan, I want to see if you can still survive!"

Emperor Feng glanced at Mo sha and smiled sinisterly. His gaze landed on Feng Luan as the flames in his eyes continued to throb.

"Roar! How dare you kill a member of our ten thousand Fey Empire? Dragon Phoenix Empire, I said that I will let you witness the roars of ten thousand beasts that wreak havoc in the world. I Will Make Your Dragon Phoenix Empire become the paradise of the Ten Thousand Fey Empire!"

In the spectating forces, the two demon emperors saw that their nine heavens demon bird emperor Lord had arrived and began to laugh bloodily.

"So, Emperor Phoenix's greatest trump card is the ten thousand fey empire. No wonder he is so confident!"

Patriarch Sacred Flame and the emperor's master heaved a sigh of relief!

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

"Ahhhhh!"

However, at that moment, an extremely sharp sword beam rang out.

It was accompanied by a series of screams.

"What?"

The Phoenix dynasty, the ten thousand fey empire, and everyone around them quickly looked over.

They were shocked to see a swordsman wielding a golden sword piercing through the two demon emperors who had spoken earlier with ten thousand sharp sword beams.

Even thousands of demon beast experts died under his attack.

He instantly killed two demon emperors of the first rank of the longevity realm!

"How dare you be so arrogant and stupid in our dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Ao Jian said expressionlessly.

"Roar, Roar, Roar! You're courting death! Kill all the living beings in the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Seeing that its demon emperor was killed, the nine heavens demon bird felt provoked. It roared and gave the order to slaughter the dragon-phoenix Empire!

Instantly, all the demon beasts in the Ten Thousand Demon Empire started to move.

The Phoenix Dynasty's Phoenix Emperor narrowed his eyes slightly and a staff appeared in his hand.

War broke out!

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

But at this moment, nine terrifying dragon roars and draconic aura came from afar!

"I am the Dragon King, the Master of the Dragon Palace!"

"Today, when the dragon-phoenix Empire is established, the Dragon Palace has two announcements!"

"Firstly, the Dragon Palace has announced its birth!"

"Secondly, kill the enemy!"

A calm voice sounded on the battlefield that was about to erupt!