Chapter 1746: The suffocating Dragon King of 1746

"Hiss, what are the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace doing? Are they not going to let the people of the Phoenix dynasty and the Ten Thousand Fey Empire leave? Is this a war?"

"This... if they were to fight, the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Phoenix Empire, and the nine God Empire wouldn't gain any benefits, right?"

"From the current situation, the strength of the Phoenix dynasty and the ten thousand fey empire is obviously higher than the Dragon Phoenix Empire!"

Everyone was shocked when they saw the members of the Dragon Palace lock onto the two empires with a strong aura.

In such a situation, it would definitely be a fierce battle if they were to fight.

It was hard to say whether the Dragon Palace could win or not.

Fighting was not a wise choice for either side.

After that, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace did not let the other party leave!

This...

"Dragon King, don't be too arrogant. Do you believe that if you dare to make a move, I have the confidence to behead you here!"

The Emperor of the nine heavens demonic bird swept his gaze across all the members of the Dragon Palace. His cold dual-colored eyes stared at Wang Xian and his tone was filled with anger.

"Do you really think that we left because we were afraid of You?"

Emperor Phoenix also roared at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression.

"Demon bird of the nine heavens, a mutated species of heaven and earth. Hehe, I would like to experience it!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. He swept his gaze across the demon bird of the nine heavens and did not place Emperor Phoenix in his eyes at all.

In the entire empire of ten thousand demons and the dragon-phoenix Empire, there was only one demon bird of the nine heavens with a longevity of level six while Emperor Phoenix was the only one with a longevity of level five.

As for level four of longevity, there were two of them.

Wang Xian did not place such strength in his eyes, even if the nine heavens demonic bird possessed combat strength comparable to that of the dragon race.

If it was two dragons of the same level, he might be a little apprehensive.

If it was just one of them, he could kill them!

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm gently and the Five Elements Millstone, which had been upgraded to a semi-divine weapon, appeared directly in the sky!

"All the soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire, get ready. If you dare to destroy us, you must be prepared to be destroyed!"

At the dragon-phoenix Empire, Feng Luan shouted coldly.

"Kill! Anyone who offends our dragon-phoenix Empire must be killed!"

"Kill! So what if we have two empires? Haha!"

Excited voices came out from the mouths of the soldiers of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

They raised the weapons in their hands and roared at the two empires with murderous intent.

"Disciples of the nine God Empire, get ready, Keke!"

When Mo Sha saw Wang Xian getting ready for battle, his face revealed a sinister expression. The demonic aura on his body began to churn as he roared loudly.

"Dragon King, you are courting death!"

"Pilipala!"

When the nine heavens demonic bird saw that they were about to make a move, a special sound rang out from his body. A terrifying killing intent shot out from his eyes.

"If the Ten Thousand Demons Empire is really afraid of you, all the disciples of the Ten Thousand Demons Empire will be slaughtered today!"

The Nine Heavens Demonic Bird Emperor roared loudly as he flapped his wings violently.

The energy of wood and fire attributes made the shadows that gathered in the sky more corporeal.

"I, the nine heavens demonic bird, am a mutated species of the heaven and earth. Today, I will kill a reckless human like you!"

He stared at Wang Xian and flapped his wings. He charged directly at Wang Xian.

"Haha, Kill Him For me. I will not rest until one of you is dead. Feng Luan, I, Feng Chaotian, will destroy you again today!"

A ferocious look appeared on emperor Feng's face as he stared at Feng Luan with his blood-red eyes.

"Haha, that's more like it. Since we are here, we must determine the victor and determine the life and Death!"

When Wang Xian saw the demonic bird of the nine heavens attacking him, his body trembled and a seven-colored dragon domain expanded in the surroundings.

Seven divine dragon silhouettes were encircling the gigantic dragon domain.

The dragon domain covered a terrifying area of 1,200 kilometers and covered half of the imperial capital!

"Demonic bird of the nine heavens, Emperor Phoenix, and the two of you, come in!"

Wang Xian was floating in the middle of the dragon field. Seven Divine Dragons surrounded him as he waved his arm.

The divine dragons swayed their huge bodies and headed straight for Emperor Phoenix and the other two level four longevity experts of the Ten Thousand Demons Empire.

"Hahaha, you arrogant thing. You actually dare to divert your attention to deal with the rest when you are fighting me!"

When the demon bird of the nine heavens saw that Wang Xian wanted to tie down Emperor Phoenix and the rest, it laughed maniacally as a look of disdain appeared in its eyes.

He flapped his pair of huge wings. One was wooden while the other was fiery red.

Boom

"Nine Heavens Demonic Domain!"

A domain that covered an area of about a thousand kilometers appeared. The huge domain was like a pair of wings.

When this domain appeared, it immediately collided violently with the dragon domain!

"Shatter, Haha!"

The Nine Heavens Demonic Bird king let out a maniacal laugh. Wood made fire and the domain instantly lit up.

Terrifying Flames filled an area of over a thousand kilometers.

"Weng!"

Within the Dragon-phoenix imperial capital, an array rose up, covering all the people and those who came to watch the ceremony.

As an expert who was once close to God, the array he set up was completely capable of withstanding the attacks of a level 6 wanshou expert.

"That Dragon King was a little careless. The Nine Heavens Demonic Bird monarch is a heaven and earth species, an existence comparable to the dragon race!"

"The Dragon King actually thought of stopping the other experts. Among those of the same level, it is already considered pretty good that he could deal with the Emperor of the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird!"

In the formation of the imperial capital, everyone took a deep breath when they saw the complete outbreak of the war. They were discussing in shock.

"He wants to break through the seven-colored dragon territory?"

Wang Xian's face revealed a hint of coldness. The energy of the Yin and Yang Five Elements in the dragon territory began to circulate!

The terrifying defense of the yin-yang tai chi and the destructive power of the five elements caused the flames in the nine heavens demon territory to dissipate slowly!

"What?"

Sensing that its territory was completely suppressed, the nine heavens demon bird trembled slightly. An incredulous expression appeared on its face.

"Roar!"

However, Wang Xian did not bother with the shocked nine heavens demon bird at this moment. The five elements millstone spun and attacked Emperor Phoenix and the two level four longevity experts.

The three of them, who had yet to make a move, saw the five elements millstone, which was filled with a destructive aura, attacking them. Their faces revealed an extremely embarrassed expression!

"How is this possible? When we were fighting against the Emperor of the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird, he was still able to pin US down!"

Emperor Phoenix roared in horror!

"Pin US down? He is trying to kill all of you!"

When Wang Xian heard Emperor Phoenix's words, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. The Five Elements Millstone and the five divine dragons began to roar.

They pulled the five elements grindstone, which covered an area of more than a hundred kilometers, and launched their attacks one after another.

The entire grindstone was like the invincible spaceship of aliens in sci-fi movies.

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

"I am the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird. Among those of the same level, no one is my match!"

A rapid and fierce cry came out from the mouth of the Nine Heavens Demonic Bird Emperor. He raised his head and the aura on his body rose rapidly. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

His entire body size rose rapidly, reaching several thousand meters in size!