Chapter 1754: 1754 the extraordinary continent shook

On this day, blood flowed like a river in the imperial capital of the Feng dynasty!

All the trusted aides of the seventeen families and Feng Chaotian were killed.

In an instant, one-third of the people in the entire imperial capital were killed.

What the killing brought was not pain, but the cheers of the people in the imperial capital. Some of the fire cloud guards did not even make a move, but the angry citizens killed them.

Everyone's faces were filled with excitement, especially those who had followed the establishment of the Phoenix dynasty for more than three thousand years.

They knew that the Phoenix dynasty was no longer the Phoenix dynasty of the past.

At that time, the Phoenix dynasty was full of fairness, positivity, and Peace!

Ever since the Phoenix dynasty was controlled by the Phoenix Emperor, the seventeen great clans were powerful, and they squeezed the ordinary citizens.

There was no hope for them to stand out, and many of them even fled to other empires.

However, most of them still endured the exploitation and humiliation of the empire and the 17 great families.

Now that the Empress had returned, Hope was ignited in their hearts. They knew that the Empress was the number one wise ruler of all time.

"Gather a group of experts in the imperial capital and clean up the members of the 17 great families in the other cities of the Phoenix Dynasty!"

In the evening, an order was given from the Phoenix Palace.

In just a short hour, tens of thousands of experts at least at the 8th or 9th rank of the extraordinary realm had signed up.

From then on, they rode on little blue and began to sweep through the entire Phoenix dynasty.

Instantly, the Phoenix Dynasty fell into a bloody storm.

However, at the same time, cheers resounded throughout the entire Phoenix dynasty.

The disciples of the seventeen great families who had been acting arrogantly were dealt a devastating blow.

As the saying goes, the one who gains the hearts of the people wins the world. The seventeen great families did not gain the slightest bit of the hearts of the people. When they encountered a disaster, what they received was the cheers of the entire Phoenix dynasty.

None of the members of the seventeen great families were spared from the disaster.

Just as the entire Phoenix dynasty was in the midst of an exciting massacre, in the southern part of central continent, the incomparably huge empire of ten thousand demons was also met with a bloody massacre.

All the demonic beasts and ferocious beasts that resisted were executed.

Wang Xian didn't exterminate all the surrendered demonic beasts.

What surprised him was that in the empire of ten thousand demons, he met a demonic beast tribe with a decent bloodline.

The Saturn Turtle Tribe was a group of land turtle demonic beasts that possessed the bloodline of half-step longevity. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

All the demonic beasts of the Saturn Turtle tribe were very gentle. They were enslaved by a longevity beast tribe and used as mounts.

The attack power of the Saturn turtles was much weaker than those of the same level. However, their defense was extremely perverse.

In fact, it was impossible for demon beasts of the same level to kill them.

Their use of the Earth attribute was extremely terrifying.

Wang Xian discovered that their bloodline was extraordinary and immediately accepted them as members of the Dragon Palace.

This made the Saturn turtles extremely excited while the rest of the demon beast races were filled with envy.

To be valued and accepted as a member by a faction that could destroy their ten thousand fey empire was a great opportunity for the Saturn Turtle Race.

As for the rest of the central continent, the five empires and two empires had been destroyed, drifting through the storms!

When the members of the faction that came to watch the ceremony returned and reported what had happened in the vast region, it immediately caused a huge commotion.

The destruction of the two empires and the killing of the two emperor lords was like a huge earthquake to the entire transcendental continent.

The five empires were deeply rooted in the transcendental continent. The most recent destruction of the empires had happened 50,000 to 60,000 years ago.

However, now, the two empires had been destroyed at the same time.

Furthermore, they had been destroyed by a newly established dragon-phoenix Empire and a power called the Dragon Palace. This caused the Ao Shan Empire and the Drakonid Empire to be incomparably shocked.

The monarchs of the two empires immediately gathered all the experts to discuss.

Now, the mainland forces, the nine God Empire, the dragon-phoenix Empire, and the Dragon Palace were clearly completely allied.

The other party's alliance would definitely cause them to feel some fear!

Even the Drakonid Empire, which was backed by the dragon race, would seriously discuss how to deal with the Dragon Palace and the dragon-phoenix Empire, which had suddenly risen from the Ashes!

Of course, the Drakonid Empire and the Aoshan Empire weren't too afraid.

The Aoshan Empire stood in the center of the continent. The Aoshan Empire was known as the strongest empire of mankind, with the number one human expert of the extraordinary continent, Ao beiming, presiding over it!

As for the Drakonid Empire, their strength could be said to be even stronger than the Aoshan Empire, because they had the backing of the dragon race.

This was also the reason why the Drakonid Empire was the strongest empire on the continent.

After a series of discussions between the two empires, they each made a few decisions!

However, while the two empires were not afraid, the other factions were different.

Some factions with longevity experts had already made preparations. They prepared gifts and went to the Dragon Phoenix Empire and the Dragon Palace to congratulate them.

Ten days later, Wang Xian led the members of the Dragon Palace to sweep through the entire myriad demon mountain forest.

As the third-ranked empire in the transcendence continent, their wealth far exceeded Wang Xian's imagination.

In his opinion, the resources in the ruins of the Kingdom of God were already extremely terrifying. However, there was still a huge gap when compared to the myriad demon empire.

After all, this was one of the five largest empires in the continent. The resources were four to five times more than the ruins of the Kingdom of God.

"This time, my strength will be able to increase by at least two levels. Other than that, the members of the Dragon Palace will also be able to receive a crazy improvement!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne. A hint of excitement flashed across his face.

There were 600,000 to 700,000 corpses of the army. There were about 80,000 insightful void martial artists.

There were more than 40 of them in the realm of longevity.

With so many corpses of experts, the strength of the Dragon Palace would receive a qualitative improvement.

After this battle, the Dragon Palace would have at least 100 more members with the combat strength of longevity realm.

"Let's head to the Phoenix Dynasty!"

Wang Xian said to Mo sha and ordered him to lead the way!

"Yes, Boss!"

Mo Sha nodded immediately!

With Mo Sha leading the way, the group of members flew rapidly towards the Phoenix dynasty.

The Empire of ten thousand demons was located in the forest of the mountain of ten thousand demons. It was not suitable for humans to live in, so Wang Xian did not intend to occupy it.

"My young friend Dragon King, sorry to disturb you!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were flying rapidly towards the Phoenix Empire, a voice suddenly rang out, causing the entire group to be slightly stunned.

The sudden voice caused even Wang Xian to reveal a look of astonishment. A hint of doubt flashed across his eyes as he immediately stood up and looked to the left.

"Who's playing tricks!"

Mo Sha's expression changed slightly when he heard the voice. He immediately turned his head to look.

An old man with white hair was holding a treasure that looked like a small mountain in his hand. He was floating quietly in the air and looking at them.

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian saw the old man, his pupils constricted slightly. He was extremely shocked. He stared at the old man and the small mountain in his hand vigilantly!

"Young friend, there's no need to be afraid. Can you sit down and have a chat?"

The old man said to Wang Xian indifferently.

"You are?"

Suddenly, Mo Sha widened his eyes and stared at the old man in shock.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian took a look at Mo Sha's reaction and was astonished. He nodded at the old man!