Chapter 1763: Dragon Slayer 1763

"Hehe!"

"Die!"

When the son of the dragon, the Dragon Emperor, said that he couldn't save him, the killing intent in Wang Xian's heart was completely unleashed!

He looked at the dragon flames that were attacking him with a cold gaze. His body trembled slightly.

At the same time, he held the tail of the third Prince of the Dragon Race. A wave of destructive power rushed towards the third Prince of the Dragon Race.

The destructive force instantly rushed into the body of the third Prince of the dragon race.

"Roar! Roar!"

"No, no, don't kill me, no... Don't!"

A terrified voice came from the third Prince of the Dragon Race. As he felt the destructive energy in his body, his face was filled with despair.

He stared at Wang Xian and his body was trembling non-stop.

"Haha, the Drakonid Empire and the Dragon Race. Do you really think that I, the Dragon King, am easy to bully?"

Wang Xian revealed a wanton expression. A domineering aura that was above everything was emitted from his body.

The powerful dragon aura caused the expressions of the son of the dragon, the Dragon Emperor, and the other Dragon Emperor to change drastically.

"What? He actually dared to kill the third Prince of the Dragon Race!"

"Damn it, they actually dared to kill the Lord of the Dragon Race!"

When Wang Xian made his move, the third Prince of the Dragon clan screamed in terror and despair. This caused everyone in the main hall to have a drastic change in expression.

More than 20 members of the Dragon Clan were stunned.

They never expected that someone would actually dare to kill members of their Dragon Clan.

They were the Dragon Clan, the master of the extraordinary mainland. They were an invincible existence.

"What a Great Dragon King. He dared to kill members of our Dragon Clan. Die!"

"Our Dragon Clan will kill every single member of Your Dragon Palace!"

The Dragon King was slightly taken aback by Wang Xian's furious attack. Following that, a violent aura surged out from his body.

"Dragon King, you are courting death!"

The son of the dragon, the Dragon King, let out a furious roar.

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace actually dared to kill the Dragon Clan. How dare he do such a thing? This was unforgivable! Unforgivable!

Boom

The Dragon King of the dragon race extended his arms and transformed into a dragon claw. His body transformed into a 30-meter-long flaming dragon.

The terrifying flames caused the entire hall to tremble. If it wasn't for the Grand Hall, the Dragon King of the dragon race might have collapsed the moment he transformed!

The brutal flames attacked Wang Xian directly.

"A puny level six longevity expert dares to disobey the orders of the Dragon Race and kill a disciple of the dragon race!"

"Do you know that no one has dared to kill a disciple of the dragon race for more than 100,000 years? !"

The majestic and domineering voice came from the Dragon King's mouth. The Flames swept past and even the air was burning.

"Then I shall be a dragon slayer today!"

When Wang Xian saw the terrifying flames attacking him, his face also revealed a terrifying killing intent!

At this moment, the powerful aura of level 8 longevity was fully unleashed.

His body moved, and one of his arms turned into a dragon claw that was more than ten meters in size and flew towards the Dragon King.

Boom

Boom! Boom! Boom

An extremely loud sound rang out, accompanied by the sound of the palace being shattered.

Wang Xian's dragon claws grabbed onto the body of the Dragon King. His sharp claws contained the metal attribute, the metal attribute, the fire attribute, the wood attribute, the water attribute, and the Earth attribute.

With a swipe of his claws, he pierced through the body of the Dragon King.

"Roar!"

"No!"

The Dragon King felt the rapid loss of life force in his body and felt the terrifying strength of Wang Xian. He screamed in horror.

Dragon blood continued to drip down.

His eyes were filled with shock and disbelief.

"Cough Cough Cough!"

"You are not the longevity six..."

He opened his mouth unwillingly and coughed non-stop. Streams of dragon blood flowed out as he shouted.

However, before he could finish his sentence, he lost all his life force.

"No, how is this possible?"

"The Dragon King was killed. The Dragon King was actually killed!"

"You are not at the sixth level of longevity!"

Below them, everyone from the Drakonid Empire, the members of the dragon race, and even the Dragon King, the son of the dragon, looked at this scene in horror as they shouted in shock.

Especially the Dragon King. When he saw Wang Xian killing a dragon king who was at the seventh level of longevity without any scruples, his eyes were filled with fear.

"Dragon King, how dare you..."

He pointed at Wang Xian and shouted with a face full of fear.

"Dragon King, I came to the Drakonid Empire for your sake, yet you guys are trying to bully me. Hehe, so what if you are from the Dragon Race? Today, I want to kill a few more dragons!"

Wang Xian turned around and looked at the Dragon King. The killing intent in his eyes was not concealed at all!

Swoosh

He moved his body and attacked the Dragon King directly.

"Dragon God's protection!"

When the Dragon King saw Wang Xian who was attacking him, a look of shock appeared on his face.

He let out a loud roar and numerous fiery-red dragon scales covered his body.

Each of the dragon scales contained a terrifying defense. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Bam

Wang Xian's dragon claws landed heavily on the dragon scales, but there were no traces left on them.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked. His yin-yang dragon eyes sized up the fiery-red dragon scale armor.

"This is the dragon scale of the god of the dragon race. No matter how strong you are, don't even think about breaking it!"

"Dragon King, you are courting death. The dragon race will not let you off. Even if you escape to the ends of the Earth, the dragon race will not let you off!"

"You and your entire Dragon Palace will be destroyed by the Dragon Race!"

The Dragon King's furious roar echoed throughout Dragon City.

From the loud bang to the Dragon King's roar, everyone in Dragon City turned their attention to the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King's voice. It's the Dragon King's Voice!"

"What happened? What happened in the Dragon Palace?"

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace? It's related to the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. is the Dragon King Courting Death?"

Everyone in the Dragon City was shocked when they heard the voice.

The Dragon King was actually making such an angry voice.

In the Dragon Hall, the longevity experts and the Dragon City Army were flying over.

"Destroy My Dragon Palace? Then I will start the massacre today. Haha!"

Wang Xian had a grim look on his face when he heard the Dragon King's words. He stared at the members of the Dragon Clan and the young masters of the Dragon Empire!

"No, no, you're a lunatic. How dare you kill Our Dragon Clan!"

When the more than twenty members of the Dragon clan below felt the terrifying killing intent, all the members of the Dragon Clan revealed terrified expressions.

They would never have thought that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace would dare to kill them.

The leader of the Dragon Palace claimed to be the Dragon King. wasn't he trying to curry favor with the Dragon Clan?

Didn't this name mean that he was afraid of the Dragon Clan?

Why did he dare to kill a member of the Dragon Clan?

Moreover, his strength was enough to kill the Dragon Emperor, who was at level seven of longevity!

More than twenty experts of the Dragon Clan were filled with fear and despair!