Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1764: Below the 1764 Dragon Slayers

"The Dragon Race?"

"Do you really think that you bunch of trash from the dragon race have the right to bully me?"

Wang Xian looked at the more than 20 members of the dragon race who were filled with fear. His face was filled with mockery.

The dragon race was very strong, but this did not mean that some of the stinky fish and rotten prawns from the dragon race could flaunt their power in front of him.

This was especially so for a dragon king who was half a step away from longevity. He actually dared to challenge him!

He was really used to being arrogant!

"Die, you bunch of Fools!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the more than 20 members of the dragon race. His figure flashed and instantly appeared beside an expert of the dragon race.

"PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!"

"Roar! Roar! Dragon King, our dragon race will not let you off!"

Screams of horror rang out one after another. More than 20 members of the dragon race did not have any strength left to resist against Wang Xian.

Their powerful strength turned them into corpses one after another.

"This..."

In the main hall, the group of powerhouses from the Drakonid Empire and the princes and princesses looked at Wang Xian, who was showing off his might, with a face full of fear.

Their eyes were filled with fear.

Killing the powerhouses of the dragon race in the Dragon Hall of the Drakonid Empire! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This...

"It's your turn!"

Wang Xian did not stop at all. He waved his dragon claw and the Dragon Claw formed from the five elements energy attacked the powerhouses of the Drakonid Empire.

"Dragon King, Save Us!"

"No, father, save me!"

When they saw Wang Xian attacking them, the powerhouses of the DRAKONID Empire revealed a look of despair on their faces. They quickly cried out for help.

"Dragon King!"

When the Dragon King saw this scene, his eyes looked as though they were about to burst!

Everyone present today were his trusted aides. They were all his most beloved sons and daughters!

"Come over quickly. Open the Dragon Clan's formation and call for help from the Dragon Clan's powerhouses!"

The Dragon King, who was enveloped by the protection of the Dragon God, trembled. He looked at the powerhouses who were flying over and immediately gave an order.

"What?"

All the troops and experts of Dragon City who were rushing over were slightly shocked when they heard the Dragon Emperor's order.

Opening the Dragon Clan's great formation and asking the dragon experts for help was a last resort only used when the life and death of the Drakonid Empire was at stake.

After the Dragon Clan's great formation was opened, it could connect to the dragon sea and an endless stream of dragon experts could be teleported over directly.

"Yes!"

The pupils of the few longevity experts contracted slightly. They hurriedly flew towards the mountain peak of the statue of the god of the Dragon Clan in the north.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked towards the north. He raised his eyebrows and extended his dragon claws that were more than ten meters in size.

The Five Elements Millstone slowly appeared on the dragon claws. He waved his arm and the five elements millstone attacked the few longevity experts.

"D * MN Dragon King, you will soon know the wrath of the Dragon Race!"

When the Dragon King saw Wang Xian's five elements millstone, he gritted his teeth and attacked the five elements millstone directly.

"Attack him! All the soldiers, attack him immediately!"

The Dragon King gave an order with a dark face.

Gulp

Upon hearing the Dragon King's order, all the soldiers who rushed over gulped.

They looked at the Dragon King who was floating in the palace in fear.

Even the Dragon King was no match for them. If they were to attack, wouldn't they be courting death?

"Go!"

"Kill!"

However, they didn't dare to disobey the order of the Dragon King. Each and every one of the soldiers attacked Wang Xian as though they were ready to die!

"Courting Death!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. With a wave of his arm, a grayish river of annihilation shot out and attacked the tens of thousands of soldiers around him.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

A wave of attack swept across and many corpses fell to the ground. No one had the strength to resist at all.

"Roar, Roar, Roar!"

Just as Wang Xian was about to continue his attack, an earth-shattering dragon roar was heard from the huge mountain peak in the north of Dragon City.

Following that, the statue of the god of the dragon race, which was overlooking the entire dragon race, emitted a terrifying majesty.

"Hualala!"

The sound of the ocean could be heard vaguely from the top of the mountain.

"Long-distance teleportation, right?"

Wang Xian looked over and frowned slightly.

He was not surprised at all that the Drakonid Empire and the dragon race had such long-distance teleportation abilities.

"My Dragon Palace will not provoke the Drakonid Empire and the dragon race, but we are not afraid of You!"

"If you dare to attack us, we don't mind being a dragon slayer!"

Wang Xian said coldly and his voice reverberated throughout the entire Dragon City.

After he finished speaking, he moved and teleported away!

"Roar! A dragon slayer? No living creature on the entire continent dares to say such words. The dragon race will let you know the consequences of saying such words!"

Just as Wang Xian left, an incomparably violent voice resounded across the entire sky.

One by one, huge figures appeared at the peak of the mountain.

Fiery Fire Dragons!

Water Dragons that were like surging waves!

Violent Wind Dragons!

Hundreds of figures of the dragon race appeared at the peak of the mountain!

"Hiss, the Lords of the dragon race have descended!"

"That Dragon King actually dared to kill the dragon race. His crime is unforgivable!"

"The Lords of the Dragon Clan have arrived. Kill the Dragon King and destroy the Dragon Palace!"

In the Dragon City, when all the people heard long Xiao's voice and saw the hundreds of huge figures on the mountain peak, they all roared with excitement.

The Dragon Clan was their faith and their God.

Anyone who dared to kill the members of the Dragon Clan would definitely go to the nine heavens purgatory and suffer a lot of pain.

"Elder Huo, elder shui, elder Feng!"

The Dragon Emperor immediately looked at the ruins on the mountain peak and respectfully looked at the three elders of the fire, water, and Wind Dragon Clan in the lead.

"Who dares to invade the Drakonid Empire? Even your son of dragon can't stop them!"

The Fire God Dragon in the center stared at the Dragon Emperor with a pair of majestic eyes and asked in a deep voice.

"Elder, it's the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. He killed Lord Alfire Ming, the third prince, and more than twenty members of the Dragon Clan!"

"He also killed all the powerhouses of my Dragon Empire. He has the power of level eight longevity. I'm no match for him. If I didn't have Lord Dragon God's protection last time, I might have died at his hands!"

Under the dignified gaze of the Dragon Elders, the Dragon King reported with cold sweat all over his face.

"What? The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace killed my members!"

The Flames on elder Huo's body instantly started to boil. Flames spurted out of his nostrils and his eyes were filled with flames of anger.

"No one has dared to kill a member of the Dragon Clan in the past 100,000 years. The Dragon Palace, the Dragon King, very good. They are the first person to challenge the Dragon Clan in the past 100,000 years!"

Elder Feng, who was green all over, had a terrifying killing intent in his huge eyes!

"Son of Dragon, find the Dragon Palace immediately. Anyone who dares to kill a member of the Dragon Clan will suffer the wrath of the Dragon Clan!"

"Issue a dragon killing order. Kill the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and kill all the members of the Dragon Palace!"

Elder Fire Dragon roared and gave the order.

It had been more than 100,000 years, and no one had dared to challenge the dignity of the Dragon clan for more than 100,000 years.

They will let all the creatures on the continent know the consequences of challenging their Dragon Clan!