Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1774: 1774 Dragon Palace’s Combat Division

"My God, why are there suddenly more bodies of the members of the Dark Nether Assassin Group on the battlefield? There are more than a thousand of them!"

"What's going on? The Dark Nether Assassin Group is the number one assassin group in our extraordinary continent, and now..."

"They were assassinated. The Dark Nether assassin group should have been ready to join the war, but they were assassinated. My God, this..."

On the two cities on the left and right, all the experts took a deep breath when they saw this scene. Their faces were filled with shock.

Hei Ming, that was the publicly recognized number one assassin organization on the continent. It was an existence that made all the forces tremble in fear when they heard of it.

Now, it actually died in front of everyone's eyes.

In fact, they didn't even know how these over a thousand assassins of Hei Ming died!

Suddenly died?

How was this possible!

"What's going on?"

The expression of the fire dragon elder from the Dragon tribe changed slightly as well. His pair of crimson eyes scanned the area below.

However, because he was too far away, he didn't notice anything strange!

"Dragon King, what is This?"

Ao beiming looked at Wang Xian in astonishment. His eyes were filled with shock.

When Wang Xian asked him about the underworld, the answer he gave was also the number one assassin organization in the continent. It was an extremely terrifying existence.

However, as soon as he finished his sentence, more than a thousand bodies of the underworld assassin organization appeared below.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled mysteriously. He looked at the Dragon King and the elder of the Fire Dragon Empire and said faintly, "It was you who made the first move. Then, I shall let you witness the Dragon Thorn Combat Division of the Dragon Palace!"

His voice reverberated across the entire battlefield.

The Dragon King, the elder of the Fire Dragon Empire, and all the powerhouses of the Drakonid Empire were slightly shocked!

"Dragon Thorn Combat Division of the Dragon Palace?"

The powerhouses in the cities on the left and right were even more shocked as they muttered to themselves.

Everyone quickly looked down!

At this moment, they realized that the corpse of Hei Ming on the ground had already disappeared.

Moreover, the corpse on the ground was disappearing at a terrifying speed!

"PFFT PFFT PFFT PFFT!"

In less than a second, more than two thousand corpses fell towards the location below.

As time passed, more and more corpses fell.

Similarly, all the corpses had a pair of dragon horns.

The hundreds of thousands of people who were fighting did not notice the sudden appearance of the corpse of Hei Ming below.

At the beginning, they did not notice anything strange.

However, when the members of the four great armies of the Aoshan Empire prepared to attack the opponent in front of them, a white light suddenly flashed beside the body of the expert from the Drakonid Empire, and he immediately fell downwards.

This caused the soldiers of the Aoshan Empire to be slightly stunned.

"Not good, there is an assassin. Everyone, pay attention!"

Right at this moment, a terrified voice came from the Drakonid Empire's army.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

When this voice rang out, more than a thousand drakonid empire's experts died on the entire battlefield. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

All of them were void interpretation experts, and all of them were instantly killed.

This caused all the DRAKONID Empire's soldiers'scalps to go numb, and their eyes were filled with fear.

"What?"

When the Dragon Emperor saw the corpses of the drakonid empire's soldiers falling like raindrops, his expression changed drastically.

Even if he did not care about the loss of the DRAKONID Empire's soldiers, in a short span of ten seconds, more than ten thousand insightful void realm experts were killed. His expression was filled with shock and anger.

"Ten great demons, kill them!"

When the Dragon Race's fire dragon elder saw this scene, his expression also changed slightly.

The Dark Abyss Killer Organization belonged to the Dragon Race's underlings. The dragon race was very familiar with the strength of this underling.

In a one-on-one situation, he was inferior to the dragon race. However, in terms of assassination, the entire continent was unrivalled.

The Dark Abyss Demon Beast's powerful concealment ability made it difficult for even the dragon race to discover the other party.

However, after being exterminated, the dragon Spike Combat Division that the Dragon King mentioned actually used an even more terrifying speed to assassinate experts one after another on the battlefield.

This was a battlefield with hundreds of thousands of people. During the assassination, other than a flash of white light, not a single figure appeared!

Such a terrifying assassination shocked even the elders of the Dragon Clan.

"Kill!"

"Rain of ice!"

The ten directional great demons were a combination of ten demon beast races, a total of ten demon beast races.

Each Demon Beast Race had four to five thousand insightful void realm experts, and their leader had the strength of the longevity realm.

The ten directional great demons were the most powerful subordinates of the dragon race.

There were murlocs wielding weapons, poisonous octopuses waving their claws, and crab people with more than ten claws!

There were also frogmen who could shoot Ice Arrows!

The ten directional great demons were all marine creatures!

Four to five thousand frogmen opened their mouths, and the entire sky was instantly covered by Ice Arrows.

Countless ice arrows attacked the entire battlefield from all directions.

It was as though they couldn't differentiate between friend and foe!

"Dragon Palace's combat division, Heavenly Eye Arrow Division!"

Seeing the attacks of the great demons of the ten directions, the members of the Dragon Palace behind Wang Xian didn't hesitate at all.

The members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division immediately drew their bowstrings. Arrows carrying wind dragons flew towards the frogmen.

In the sky, the countless ice arrows seemed to have been hit by a storm and dissipated!

"Dragon Palace Combat Division, Dragon Guard!"

The Golden Swordfish also had powerful auras. Their cold sword auras were extremely cold.

They were like human weapons as they charged at the ten demons.

"Dragon Palace Combat Division, Demon Combat Division!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

With a violent roar, a group of demon monkeys rode on the Fire Phoenix Dragon Seed. They charged into the battlefield with an extremely ferocious aura and monstrous demonic aura!

Heaven's Eye Arrow Division, Dragon Guard Division, Demon Combat Division!

A series of domineering roars resounded across the entire sky!

They represented the strength of the Dragon Palace and the power of the Dragon Palace!

The three combat divisions announced to the people of the transcendence continent the true power of the Dragon Palace!

An even more terrifying war broke out in an instant!

Other than Wang Xian, ao beiming, the Dragon King, and the elders of the Dragon Clan, the rest of the people rushed into the battlefield.

With the addition of the longevity experts, the entire battlefield was destined to change.

"Roar, Roar, Kill!"

However, at this moment, a furious roar was heard. A five-thousand-meter long ocean-pacifying divine needle was swung by Ao qitian, who was twenty meters long after the violent attack. It smashed forward.

"Boom! Boom!"

"Ah! Ah! Ah!"

An incomparably terrifying sound rang out, accompanied by tens of thousands of miserable screams.

With a single strike, the tens of thousands of experts of the ten directional great demons were all dumbfounded!

This... A ten-thousand-year-old expert brandished a five-thousand-meter-long weapon like a tiger. In particular, the ocean-pacifying divine needle contained a suppressive force that made their hearts palpitate.

With a single strike, one-fifth of the demons of the ten directional great demons were gone!

This was terrifying and shocking.

"Heartless Swords!"

Another cold voice sounded as incomparably sharp golden swords attacked forward.

Each sword emitted a resplendent light as it reaped lives.

Faced with these swords, the ten directional great demons and all the soldiers of the DRAKONID Empire were completely dumbfounded!