Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1776: 1776 shook the entire continent

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The drakonid empire suffered hundreds of thousands of casualties and retreated into the city. Ao beiming led his army and charged towards the inner part of the Drakonid Empire.

Revenge began. In just a short day, ao beiming led his soldiers and killed ten cities of the Drakonid Empire!

Following that, Ao beiming led his army to defend the merchant flow city of the Aoshan Empire, ready to face the DRAKONID Empire's revenge at any time!

This battle instantly shook the entire continent!

Especially the experts from the demon hunters mercenary city and the world merchant city on both sides, they had truly witnessed the terror of the top forces on the continent.

The result of the entire battle spread to the other parts of the continent at a terrifying speed. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"The Dark Nether assassin group was easily assassinated by the Dragon Palace's Dragon Assassin Division, leaving no one alive. From now on, the Dark Nether assassin group will completely disappear from the stage of the continent, and the Dragon Palace's Dragon Assassin Group will become the number one assassin group on the transcendental continent!"

"When the demons of the ten directions meet the Dragon Palace, the Heavenly Eye Archers, and the dragon guards, they don't have the strength to resist at all. The Dragon Palace, together with the ten thousand or so experts on their mounts, each of them has the combat strength of at least level six of the profound void tier!"

"The most terrifying archery skills, the sharpest sword skills, the most violent attacks, and the most terrifying assassinations. The four combat divisions of the Dragon Palace can completely wipe out the drakonid empire, even if they include the demons of the ten directions!"

"The strength of the Dragon Palace is simply too terrifying. No wonder the Dragon King dared to kill members of the Dragon Clan and fight against the Dragon Clan. This dragon palace is too strong. Does the dragon palace have the strength to fight against the Dragon Clan?"

"The Dragon Palace fights against the Dragon Clan? That should be impossible. The Dragon Clan has hundreds of thousands of years of foundation. The strength of the Dragon Palace should not be enough!"

"I feel that it is very likely to fight against them. That is the strength of more than 10,000 people at least at the sixth level of the profound void tier!"

When the entire central continent received this news, everyone's faces were filled with shock as they discussed.

Especially regarding the strength of the Dragon Palace, everyone was dumbstruck and their faces were filled with shock.

More than 10,000 subordinates at least at the sixth rank of the profound void martial stage. With the strength of the Dragon Palace, it could completely sweep across the entire Drakonid Empire.

Not to mention that legendary assassin, Archer, Swordsman, and the berserk demon monkey!

In the end, many people were even discussing whether the Dragon Palace's strength was enough to fight against the Dragon Clan.

Some said that it was impossible, but there were also some who could.

Because the Dragon Palace's strength was too strong!

Even if the Dragon Palace couldn't fight against the Dragon Clan, it was still a powerful performance to be able to compare with them.

For the upcoming war, some people who didn't think it was a big deal were full of anticipation.

One had to know that the total number of deaths and the DRAKONIDS in this war was more than 100 million!

This was definitely the biggest war in the past thousand years.

Even with the destruction of the Phoenix Dynasty and the Empire of ten thousand demons, there weren't so many lives lost.

Time passed slowly. A month had passed, but the drakonid empire was still as calm as ever.

The DRAKONID Empire did not organize any counter-attacks nor did they withdraw their troops.

Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace had been sitting in the merchant flow city of the Ao Shan Empire. They were curious about the reaction of the drakonid empire.

"It's been a month, but the Drakonid Empire and the Dragon Clan did not take any action at all. This is really strange!"

Wang Xian and AO beiming sat in a courtyard and sipped their tea. They were slightly curious.

"The more they act like this, the more uneasy they are!"

Ao beiming frowned slightly.

The calmer the Drakonid Empire and the dragon race were, the more fearful they were.

Wang Xian nodded his head in agreement. "I don't know. What are they preparing now?"

It wasn't just Wang Xian and the Ao Shan Empire who were curious. Everyone in the transcendence continent was also curious about the actions of the Drakonid Empire and the Dragon Race.

A month had passed, yet the Dragonmen Empire and the Dragon Clan didn't take any revenge.

This wasn't the way the Dragonmen Empire and the Dragon Clan did things.

The overlord of the transcendence continent didn't dare to attack anyone who provoked him. Such actions would lose the prestige of the Dragon Clan.

Another month had passed, but the Dragonmen Empire and the Dragon Clan still didn't take any action.

"Is the Dragon Clan really afraid of the Dragon Palace and the Ao Shan Empire?"

"Maybe. After all, the combat divisions of the Dragon Palace are too powerful. Plus, the four legions of the Ao Shan Empire might really be able to fight against the Dragon Palace!"

Another month had passed, and the continent was still very calm. Some people started to speculate and discuss.

At first, those who were sure that the dragon clan was much stronger than the Dragon Palace also looked hesitant.

This operation of the Dragon clan was indeed not like their usual style.

If they were really stronger than the Dragon Palace and the Ao Shan Empire, they should have directly sent a huge number of members of the Dragon clan to destroy them.

"Haven't we found the Dragon Palace's Lair Yet?"

At this moment, in the Dragon Sea, a group of elders, grand elders, and Sons of the Dragon Clan were gathered on a mountain peak.

"What's going on?"A supreme elder asked with a sullen face.

"Supreme Elder, there's still no news. I've mobilized all my forces!"

"According to the information we've received about the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace's old nest was in the ocean!"

The Dragon Emperor of the land of Dragons said with an unpleasant expression.

"In the ocean? Elder Water Dragon, take the members of the Dragon clan and order the creatures of the extraordinary sea to search all the oceans of the extraordinary continent!"

The supreme elder said indifferently, "Whether we can find it or not, our dragon clan will take action in half a year. We must collect all the human blood that Lord Dragon God needs!"

"Even if it's the Ao Shan Emperor of the Ao Shan Empire, we will not hesitate to pay the price!"

"It's best if we can find the lair of the Dragon Palace and destroy all the creatures of the Dragon Palace. Since our Dragon Clan wants to take action, we must kill all the ants that provoke us!"

"Yes!"The son of the dragon, the Dragon Emperor, nodded respectfully.

The Dragon clan was not too anxious. The drakonid empire was not too anxious either.

The initiative of everything was in their hands. If they were willing to pay the price, Emperor Ao Shan and the rest would not be afraid.

However, a small matter had been brought to this point by them. They were afraid that the god of the Dragon Clan would blame them in a year's time. That was why they retreated so much.

Time passed day by day and the continent regained its peace.

After more than a month, Wang Xian saw that there was still no movement from the Drakonid Empire and the dragon race. Hence, he left immediately and returned to the Dragon Palace.

Another month passed and Ao beiming from the Aoshan Empire led his army back to the 11 peaks of the Aotian Mountain.

It seemed like the war had ended just like that.

This shocked everyone!

"The Dragon Palace and the Ao Shan Empire actually defeated the dragon-man Empire and stopped attacking!"

"Is it because the dragon race doesn't want to continue fighting? Or is it because the dragon race is afraid of the power of the Dragon Palace and the Ao Shan Empire?"

"The period of the Dragon Race's rule is about to end? The Ao Shan Empire and the Dragon Palace have the strength to fight against the Dragon Race?"

After the Dragon Palace and Ao beiming left the front line, everyone on the continent was talking about it. They were all surprised at the end of the war.

The Dragon Palace completely shook the continent.

Its fame was even higher than the four great empires!