Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1777: The 1777 Dragon Clan roared

"The Dragon Clan didn't respond at all. This is really strange!"

In the Dragon Palace of the extraordinary sea, two months after Wang Xian arrived, Feng Luan also rushed over.

"I don't know. Who cares if they are scheming or scheming. Even if the dragon clan invades, we are not afraid!"

Wang Xian smiled. This time, he had obtained quite a number of experts'corpses from the alliance with the Ao Shan Empire. It had also given some members of the Dragon Palace a huge boost.

Currently, the weakest member of the Dragon Palace was already at level six of the Seethrough realm, which was one level higher than before.

The group of members of the Dragon Palace had also killed many demonic beasts and ferocious beasts near the extraordinary sea.

Even if there were no more battles in the future, if they continued to develop at this rate, it wouldn't be long before they were able to contend against the Dragon Clan.

It would take them at most ten years, at least five years.

Wang Xian could afford to wait for ten years or five years!

Recently, he had been spending every day with Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and the rest. He was quite relaxed and at ease.

Regardless of any reaction from the Dragon Palace, he would remain in charge of the Dragon Palace!

"You're not worried at all!"

Feng Luan rolled her eyes at him and said faintly, "My wish has come true. Now, it's Your Turn!"

"I have been here from Earth for eleven years. Little Xian, it has been nine years since you guys came to the transcendence continent!" Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Nine years!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slowly. "In the past, I thought that I would be able to stand at the top of the continent for ten years. Now, it seems that I won't be able to achieve that. However, I will still help you take revenge. The Empress Is Back!"

Wang Xian smiled as he recalled the goal he had set in the past.

To stand at the top of the continent within ten years, overlooking the entire transcendence continent, and helping Feng Luan to become the number one empress of the continent.

Now, it was still not completed.

"You are already very strong. Now, the Dragon Palace Combat Division is known on the continent as the strongest combat division on the transcendence continent. No one can defeat it. No one can defeat it!"

Feng Luan smiled.

"Dragon King, the radius of 100,000 kilometers around our Dragon Palace is already under control. Do We need to continue expanding?"

"If we continue expanding, we might encounter some dragons!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked over and asked Wang Xian.

In the past few months, the remaining members of the Dragon Palace had not been idle either. They were expanding the territory of the Dragon Palace.

"Let's stop for now. We will continue expanding after avoiding this period of time!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded and retreated!

"Let's develop peacefully for a period of time!"

Wang Xian stood up and slowly scanned the entire dragon palace.

"Reporting to the Dragon Emperor, our clansmen have all lost contact in the area ahead. Not long ago, we drove some ferocious beasts into the area and saw them being killed by a group of demonic beasts with our own eyes!"

"We also saw an extremely huge creature inside. That creature is a member of the Dragon Palace. We can confirm that the Dragon Palace must be hiding in this sea area!"

However, what Wang Xian didn't know was that a water dragon was flapping its wings about 100,000 kilometers away from the Dragon Palace. A group of aquatic creatures were following around it.

An earthy yellow sea snake that was about two meters in size was reporting the news to Water Dragon Emperor.

"Are you sure that the Dragon Palace is in this area?"

Water Dragon Emperor stared coldly at the sea snake in front of him.

"Yes, Definitely. Lord Dragon Emperor, I wouldn't dare to lie to You!"

The sea snake immediately said while trembling.

"I didn't expect the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace to be so arrogant and place his lair in our extraordinary sea. I really didn't expect this!"

Water Dragon Emperor's eyes were full of killing intent as he looked ahead.

"You guys continue to investigate here. I'm going back to the Dragon Sea!"

Water Dragon Emperor immediately gave the order. He flapped his fins and swam toward the dragon sea at a terrifying speed.

"Dragon Palace, prepare to be destroyed!"

He growled with excitement.

Three days later, Water Dragon Emperor swam across half of the extraordinary sea and came to the Dragon Sea to deliver the news to the elders and grand elders of the Dragon Clan!

"What? The Dragon Palace is in our extraordinary sea? And it controls the sea area within a radius of 100,000 kilometers!"

When all the elders and grand elders of the Dragon Clan heard the news, they were stunned.

They never thought that the Dragon Palace would be so bold as to place their nest in the extraordinary sea.

The extraordinary sea was the territory of the Dragon Clan. The entire sea was the territory of the Dragon Clan, and all the creatures were the subordinates of the Dragon Clan.

The Dragon Palace dared to place their nest in their territory.

All the members of the Dragon Clan were slightly stunned.

"How arrogant! How dare they take over our territory!"

An elder of the Wind Dragon Clan roared coldly!

"Roar!"

"Recently, some ants on the continent said that we are afraid of the Dragon Palace and Emperor Aoshan. It has been hundreds of thousands of years. It seems that the ants have forgotten how powerful the Dragon Clan is!"

"All members of the Water Dragon Clan, lead all the beasts and beasts of the extraordinary sea to destroy the Dragon Palace!"

A low roar came from the grand elder of the Fire Dragon Clan, who was twenty meters tall in the center.

He opened his mouth and spat out flames with an extremely terrifying aura!

"Yes, Grand Elder!"

The grand elder of the Water Dragon clan immediately replied.

"Grand Elder, what about the Ao Shan Empire? The drakonid empire has only collected fifty percent of the human blood. There are still three months before the Time Lord Dragon God said!"

A Wind Dragon Grand Supreme Elder asked in a deep voice.

"Right now, those ants of the human race clearly have the intention of joining forces. Everything is more important to Lord Dragon God. Wind Dragon Clan, send your experts to assist the DRAKONID Empire in collecting the blood!"

"If that Emperor Aoshan makes a move, I will deal with him. I want to see just how strong the Emperor Aoshan with the divine weapon is!"

The first Supreme Elder of the dragon race gave off a violent aura as clouds of fire gathered in the sky!

"It's the first Supreme Elder!"

The higher-ups of the dragon race replied.

"Roar!"

The first Supreme Elder in the center raised his head and roared!

"Next, let the ants of the transcendence continent hear the roar of the Dragon Race!"

The sky-shaking roar spread throughout the Dragon Sea.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The other dragons roared.

"Members of the Water Dragon Race, follow me and mobilize all the subordinates of the transcendence sea to kill the ants of the Dragon Palace!"

The supreme elder of the water dragon race roared and resounded throughout the Dragon Sea.

"Roar! Roar!"

The roars of dragons were heard as water dragons flew out of the underwater mountains.

"Members of the Wind Dragon Race, Fifty Dragon Emperors, follow me to the Drakonid Empire!"

An elder of the Wind Dragon clan with a longevity of level eight shouted.

50 Dragon Emperors flapped their wings and flew over.

"Let's go. Let the entire transcendental continent kneel down and listen to the roars of our Dragon Clan!"