Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1782: 1782 dragon power was definitely under their control

"The Dragon Palace actually managed to resist until now. What a surprise!"

"Their strength is really out of our expectations. However, their death is coming soon!"

After the screams of the disciples of the Dragon Palace were heard, the members of the Dragon Clan in the middle of the Sea Beast Army raised their eyebrows and said in surprise.

One-eighth of the sea beasts that had covered thousands of kilometers were gone!

One-eighth was a huge number, with at least billions of sea beasts.

In just half an hour, the members of the Dragon Palace had killed billions of sea beasts, which was a terrifying number!

The power of the Dragon Palace had completely exceeded their expectations.

At this moment, the members of the Dragon Clan could no longer see the exact situation inside. The thick blood and countless sea beasts had blocked their vision!

All the members of the Dragon Clan were covered by a sky-blue water shield to prevent the smell of blood and blood from being transmitted over.

They were still standing high up in the middle of billions of sea beasts!

"Next, it's my turn!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw all the members of the Dragon Palace showing signs of weakness!

"All the members of the Dragon Palace, take a break!"

Wang Xian took a few thousand meters in the air and transformed into his dragon form!

Roar! Roar

A dragon's roar was heard and the dragon's might slowly covered the area in front of him.

The sea beasts that were attacking from all directions froze slightly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately fell down with exhausted faces.

Although the opponent they were facing wasn't high-level, they couldn't withstand every large-scale attack, even if it was a top-tier dragon of the Dragon Palace.

In the past, the bug race could become the most top and terrifying race in the universe because of their huge numbers!

"If I were to devour billions and billions of aquatic creatures, how much would my strength increase?"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with hope.

The invasion of the dragon race did not cause him to feel any fear. Instead, it was a huge opportunity.

An opportunity that could rapidly increase his strength.

"Dragon Country in the palm!"

"Dragon head the world!"

"Dragon Body of ten thousand miles!"

"Divine Dragon Tail Swing!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When all the members of the Dragon Palace retreated, Wang Xian immediately unleashed his strongest strength.

In an instant, a 100,000-meter-long dragon hovered above the Dragon Palace. Its terrifying body was so huge that even Xiao Lan paled in comparison!

Xiao Lan, who had swallowed at least hundreds of millions of water tribe members, was lying tiredly in the sky above the Dragon Palace.

When she saw Wang Xian's body size, her eyes were filled with respect.

"Rule the aquatic creatures!"

Wang Xian's mind stirred. An invisible aura spread out in the surroundings.

It could rule aquatic creatures within a radius of five hundred kilometers that were lower than level three of longevity.

The power of this rule was too strong. In order to avoid alerting the enemy, Wang Xian did not envelop the dragon tribe!

"Roar, Devour!"

A deafening roar came from Wang Xian's mouth. The invisible energy shook the water tribe within a radius of 500 kilometers.

Wang Xian opened his gigantic dragon mouth!

With a body of 100,000 meters, Wang Xian's dragon mouth was about 5,000 meters wide!

"Roar, Roar, Roar!"

The roar was heard and the order was given. At this moment, the water tribe creatures within a radius of 500 kilometers flew crazily towards Wang Xian's mouth!

That's right, they flew directly into the mouth of the Dragon King and turned into divine crystals!

Hence, an extremely terrifying and shocking scene appeared.

Wang Xian's gigantic body was coiled in the sky above the Dragon Palace. He opened his largest mouth.

Countless aquatic creatures flew towards his mouth.

"Roar! Roar! It seems that the members of the Dragon Palace can't hold on any longer. Even the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has made his move!"

"Haha, How Long Do You guys think the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace can hold on for?"

"I hope he can hold on for half an hour!"

At the place where the hundreds of thousands of dragon clan experts were, all the members of the Dragon Clan smiled when they heard Wang Xian's roar.

From the screams of the experts of the Dragon Palace to the roar of the Dragon King, everything proved that the Dragon Palace was about to be destroyed!

Just as what the Dragon Clan had expected, they didn't need to do it themselves!

However, what the hundreds of thousands of dragons didn't expect was that countless aquatic creatures were flying toward Wang Xian's mouth from where they couldn't see.

If they could see it, their faces would be filled with astonishment!

At this moment, Wang Xian seemed to have turned into a taotie. Countless aquatic creatures surged in. Under the system's control, they immediately turned into dragon qi and divine crystals!

In front of the Dragon Gate, a group of girls were shocked when they saw this scene.

There was a scene of a dragon sucking water from the ocean. Here, there was a scene of a dragon sucking billions of aquatic creatures.

Shocking!

"This...". With Xiao Xian's ruling power, other than the dragons, there didn't seem to be many creatures that were above level three of longevity in the entire extraordinary sea. Wouldn't these billions of aquatic creatures pose no threat to Xiao Xian at all and become food instead?"

Guan Shuqing and the other girls stared at this scene with their eyes wide open as they muttered.

"If Little Xian is able to devour so many sea beasts, what realm can his strength reach?"

Feng Luan's body trembled slightly when she saw this scene, and her eyes sparkled.

It was likely that the wish that Wang Xian had made back then was about to come true!

"Mighty Dragon King!"

When all the members of the Dragon Palace saw this scene, they looked at their king in awe!

The Invincible King!

Ding! "Congratulations to host for leveling up to Level 4 longevity!"

Twenty minutes later, Wang Xian had no idea how many aquatic creatures he had devoured. It was more than a billion, at least a few billion.

With such a huge number, the system's voice rang in his ears.

Level Up!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity) Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Level: Longevity Level 4(fourth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 21/50,000

Supernatural ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below their level)

Devour living things (devour living things to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing.

Domain: Rainbow Dragon Domain

Dragon Palace: Level 5.

Dragon Palace members: 23,433

With the increase in level, Wang Xian's body size had a huge increase again. From 100,000 meters, it had reached about 110,000 meters!

The rainbow-colored light shone on his body. The area that ruled the water tribe had also increased by 100 kilometers, reaching 600 kilometers.

The strength of level four of longevity allowed his combat ability to reach level nine of longevity!

However, all of this did not stop. The number of sea beasts that Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace had killed and devoured was at most one-fourth!

There was still a huge number of sea beasts in the surroundings. At the very least, it could increase Wang Xian's strength by two or even three levels!

He could directly possess the combat ability of the Godly State!