Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1783: The power of 1783 gods

"Roar!"

In front of the Dragon Palace, countless sea beasts were roaring crazily. Wang Xian, whose level had been upgraded to the fourth level of longevity, had a huge increase in his devouring speed.

Every second, thousands of sea beasts were rushing into Wang Xian's dragon mouth. Behind him, countless sea beasts were lining up, forming a scene of sea beasts jumping into the dragon mouth!

It was as if there were treasures in Wang Xian's mouth that attracted them.

In fact, all the sea beasts were under Wang Xian's absolute control!

Wang Xian did not feel guilty about devouring the creatures in the extraordinary sea. They were subordinates of the dragon race and listened to the dragon race. Since they wanted to kill him, they had to be prepared to be killed.

Sometimes, there was no right or wrong in war!

After his level had increased, Wang Xian's divine crystals were still increasing at a rapid speed.

At least five to six divine crystals per second!

If this was in the past, he would never have dared to imagine such a thing.

All the members of the Dragon Palace looked at this scene in shock!

The Dragon Clan, who were surrounded by countless sea beasts, did not know what was happening at the front.

They looked at the sea beasts that were attacking the front with pride and waited for the destruction of the Dragon Palace.

They weren't afraid that the people of the Dragon Palace would escape because the entire dragon palace was surrounded by countless sea beasts.

Time passed slowly again. Soon, another twenty minutes had passed, and countless sea beasts were still rushing into the palace. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The furious roars were incessant, but gradually, more than a hundred thousand dragons frowned slightly, feeling somewhat puzzled.

"What's going on? We haven't taken down a dragon king in forty minutes?"

"It's been so long. We've lost almost a third of the sea beasts in the extraordinary sea, and we still haven't killed the Dragon King?"

Forty minutes had passed, and their subordinates were losing at a terrifying speed, but they still didn't see any signs of breaking through the Dragon Palace.

This made all the members of the Dragon Clan look surprised!

Some of the members of the Dragon Clan looked at each other, and a bad premonition appeared in their minds.

All the members of the Dragon Clan looked at the center and at their elders.

"A bunch of trash. They haven't destroyed the dragon palace in such a long time. It seems that I have to do it myself!"

The elder of the Dragon Clan in the center frowned. His expression was ugly, and he roared furiously.

He had lost so many sea beasts for so long, but he still couldn't kill a single dragon. This made him very angry.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

He roared, and his terrifying aura charged forward.

"You bunch of trash, make way for me!"

The elder of the Dragon Clan roared and waves of wild waves charged forward.

However, the image of all the sea beasts making way did not appear. All the sea beasts seemed to have not heard his voice and continued to rush toward the Dragon Palace crazily.

"Huh?"

The elder of the Dragon clan was slightly stunned and showed a stunned expression.

As the Master of the extraordinary sea, no creature dared to disobey their orders in this sea.

However, it was as if all the sea beasts in front of him did not hear his angry roar. This caused him and the entire dragon tribe to be filled with astonishment.

"The Dragon tribe finally can't take it anymore?"

Wang Xian heard the angry roar of the elder of the Dragon tribe coming from outside. He raised his eyebrows slightly and a thought came to his mind.

Boom

All the demonic beasts within a radius of 600 kilometers trembled.

"Destroy the Dragon Clan!"

Wang Xian closed his dragon mouth and swept his gaze across all the sea beasts around him. He shouted faintly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

All the sea beasts within a radius of 600 kilometers responded.

They swayed their bodies and slowly turned around. Their eyes, which were dyed red with blood, were looking at the hundreds of thousands of dragons!

"Eh? What's going on?"

When all the sea beasts within a radius of 600 kilometers turned around to look at the hundreds of thousands of dragons, the members of the Dragon Clan were stunned.

"What are you bunch of animals doing?"

The expression of the elder of the Dragon Clan changed slightly when he saw this scene. A terrifying murderous aura charged towards all the sea beasts within a radius of thousands of kilometers.

"You bunch of trash, make way for me, the Dragon King. Destroy the Dragon Palace!"

The elder of the Dragon Clan roared again.

"Attack!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's voice came from the front.

Boom

At this moment, all the sea beasts within a radius of 600 kilometers attacked the hundreds of thousands of members of the Dragon Clan.

"What? These bunch of trash actually dared to attack us!"

"Damn it, damn it, we are the Dragon Clan and your masters. Stop Right Now!"

"Roar! Trash! Are you looking for death?"

All the members of the dragon race were shocked when they saw this scene. They shouted loudly in shock.

However, how could the sea beasts, who were under absolute control, care about the dragon race?

If they were to attack each other now, they wouldn't have any resistance.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

All the sea beasts within a radius of 600 kilometers swarmed forward!

Wang Xian looked at this scene with a smile on his face. He swept his gaze downward and immediately ordered, "All members of the Dragon Palace, go and kill all the sea beasts within a 600-kilometer radius. Don't let them escape. Leave the Dragon Clan to me!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

At this moment, the members of the Dragon Palace who had rested for 40 minutes had completely recovered to their peak.

When they heard the Dragon King's order, they immediately flew toward their surroundings with excitement.

These sea beasts that were attacking them were simply here to help them increase their strength!

"Since you are here to besiege the Dragon Palace, I shall let you enjoy the feeling of being besieged!"

Wang Xian raised his head and scanned the direction of the Dragon clan with the Dragon Eyes of the yin-yang and five elements.

"Roar Roar Roar! Kill! This bunch of trash actually dared to attack our dragon clan. Kill them!"

The elders of the Dragon clan let out an incomparably furious roar.

Although they didn't understand why this group of trash was used by the Dragon Palace, anyone who dared to attack the Dragon Clan would die!

"Roar, Roar, Roar!"

"Water dragons wreak havoc!"

More than 100,000 water dragons gathered together and released terrifying attacks at the same time.

The bloody seawater around them condensed into the shape of water dragons and charged toward a radius of several hundred kilometers.

One attack, just one attack. More than a thousand furious dragons at the longevity level and more than a hundred thousand at the void interpretation level.

With one attack, the entire space shook and countless seawater churned. The surrounding seawater seemed to have encountered a great terror.

In an instant, all the sea beasts within a two hundred kilometer radius were killed.

More than a hundred thousand dragons attacked together and destroyed at least five to six billion sea beasts in one move. How terrifying was this! !

The combined strength of the Water Dragon clan was still much stronger than the Dragon Palace!

"A bunch of trash, get lost for the Dragon Clan!"

Tens of thousands of dragons'furious attacks cleared out an empty space!

This space didn't even have seawater!

"Damn Dragon Palace, Damn Dragon King, I don't know what methods you used to make these trash attack us, but now, your end is here!"