Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1784: 1784 power of God 2

Your Doomsday has arrived!

An angry roar came from the Dragon Elder's mouth. His blood-red eyes were filled with brutality.

They were a dignified dragon clan. They led the subordinates of the extraordinary sea to attack the Dragon Palace. Yet, they were reduced to such a state.

This made all the members of the Dragon Clan extremely furious.

"It's Your Doomsday!"

In the empty space, Wang Xian was facing more than 100,000 members of the Dragon Clan from afar.

Looking at the furious expressions of all the members of the Dragon Clan, a faint smile appeared on his face. It was filled with mockery.

"Get rid of these ants for me!"

When the elders of the Dragon Clan saw Wang Xian's provocative expression, they roared furiously with a face full of killing intent. Immediately, they ordered all the dragon clan disciples to attack.

At the same time, he and the few elders beside him moved their huge bodies and attacked Wang Xian directly.

The dignity of the Dragon clan and the aura of the Dragon clan were clearly displayed.

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian saw more than 100,000 members of the Dragon Clan attacking them, a smile appeared on his face.

Among the more than 100,000 members of the Dragon Clan, there were about 1,500 people in the realm of longevity. Among the 1,500 people in the realm of longevity, there were only about 100 people who were above the third level of longevity!

"The thing that scares you has only just begun!"

Wang Xian looked at the 100,000 dragon race members who were attacking him at a rapid speed and his aura trembled.

Buzz

An invincible sea of consciousness swept across the 100,000 dragon race members. Apart from the 100 dragon race members who were above the third level of longevity, the rest of the dragon race members trembled!

"Attack!"

Wang Xian shouted with excitement on his face.

"Attack! Let these ants know how powerful we are!"

The elder of the Dragon Clan roared furiously and ordered the rest of the dragon clan members around him.

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, what happened next terrified the one hundred dragon clan experts.

Around them, the one hundred thousand dragon clan members suddenly turned around and attacked the one hundred dragon clan experts who were above the third level of longevity.

At this moment, all the experts were stunned, their faces filled with fear as they looked at their clansmen and disciples!

The attacks of these 100,000 members of the dragon race had completely exceeded their expectations.

The experts of the dragon race had never expected that their disciples would attack them.

At this moment, the 100 experts of the dragon race were unable to dodge at the first moment.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

"Roar Roar, Roar Roar Roar!"

Waves of terrifying power landed on the bodies of the 100 dragon experts.

Even though the strength of the attacks on them was lower than theirs, the 100,000 attacks still caught the dozens of dragon experts off guard and caused them to let out pained screams.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However, the attacks of the 100,000 dragon experts did not stop. They flapped their wings and pounced towards them.

The 100,000 dragons pounced towards the 100 dragon race experts!

"What's going on? Stop! All of you, Stop!"

"All of you are crazy! All of you, Stop! Roar Roar Roar!"

The few elders of the Water Dragon Clan reacted and roared with extremely ugly expressions.

However, the 100,000 dragons did not react at all. Their eyes continued to attack without any reaction.

"Roar! Roar! Let's Kill Our Way Out! Let's Kill Our Way Out!"

The few elders of the Dragon clan were completely panicking, especially the first elder of the Water Dragon Clan. When he saw his own clansmen attacking them like crazy, a trace of fear appeared in his eyes.

It was too strange, simply too strange!

Just now, when the group of Sea Beasts attacked their dragon clan, although they were surprised, they did not take it to heart.

But now, their own kind actually attacked their clansmen like crazy.

This caused the eyes of the 100 Dragon clan members to be filled with fear!

"They are too strange, let's Kill Our Way Out!"

An elder followed up with a loud roar. He looked at the thousands of clansmen attacking him, gritted his teeth, and directly swung his dragon claws forward.

"Pu! Pu! Pu!"

The sound of tearing could be heard. The blood of their fellow clansmen dyed their bodies red!

Smelling the blood of their fellow clansmen, the fear in their hearts grew even stronger!

More than 20 of the 100 experts of the Dragon Clan were instantly killed under the attacks of more than 100,000 dragon clan members who were caught off guard. There were also more than 30 who were heavily injured.

Only those above the Wanshou fifth rank were able to withstand the attacks with their powerful defenses.

But at this time, facing the attacks of the other clansmen, they could only grit their teeth and charge out.

With their strength, they could completely charge out.

But if they charged out, it also meant that their bodies were covered in the blood of their clansmen!

And among these clansmen, there were even their descendants! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Furious roars came out from the mouths of the Dragons. Their blood-red eyes crazily slaughtered the surrounding clansmen who were attacking them.

Soon, more than 50 Dragons cleared a bloody path.

The rest had already fallen!

"If you want to escape, can you escape?"

Wang Xian's aura trembled again. Within a radius of 600 kilometers, there were at least a billion sea beasts waiting for them.

Countless sea beasts pounced on them.

"Dragon Palace, Dragon King, we dragons swear that we will exterminate all of you. We will make you suffer so much that you wish you were dead!"

Seeing the countless sea beasts besieging them, the more than 50 Dragon clan experts who were escaping let out a heart-wrenching roar.

They swore that if they could return to the Dragon Clan, they would definitely make the god of the Dragon Clan, the experts of the Dragon Clan, and everyone in the Dragon Palace wish they were dead!

"A bunch of arrogant things. Do you really think that you are divine dragons? All of you are just a bunch of inferior dragons!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of dragons who were fleeing frantically outside. When he heard their words, a look of disdain appeared on his face.

He swayed his huge body and attacked more than 50 dragons.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his huge dragon claws and grabbed at the group of dragons.

"Oh no, Elder, save us!"

The group of Dragons felt the threat of death from Wang Xian's dragon claws and roared in fear.

"Die!"

A dragon elder at the eighth level of the Seethrough realm turned his dragon body. His pair of gigantic wings flickered with sharpness as he slashed at Wang Xian's gigantic dragon claws.

Crack! Crack! Crack

However, when his dragon wings struck the dragon claws, there were only traces left behind.

"Hou Hou, no!"

When the Dragon Claws were completely clenched, the elder of the Dragon clan let out a terrified scream as he felt the terrifying power and destructive energy coming from it.

"Turn into Dragon Qi!"

Wang Xian waved his dragon claws and lowered his dragon head, swallowing it directly into his stomach.

"How is this possible? Isn't this Dragon King A Level 8 longevity expert? How is this possible? How can he have such terrifying strength!"

Seeing the level 8 longevity elder being killed and swallowed in one move, the remaining dragon race experts roared in fear.

Not long ago, wasn't the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace only at level 8 longevity?

How could he kill one of their elders in an instant now?

Their dragon race was an invincible existence at the same level!