Chapter 1791: 1791 ignited the birth of the god of Fire 4

The declaration of the Dragon race determined that they would arrive at the Aoshan Empire in seven days, once again stirring up a storm in the entire transcendental continent. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The Aoshan Empire welcomed the arrival of the dragon race directly, allowing all humans to see their confidence.

Everyone on the transcendental continent knew that in seven days, something huge would definitely happen in the Aoshan Empire.

And this time, the dragon race was still very domineering as they ordered all the living beings on the transcendental continent to head to the Ao Shan Empire.

Some factions were curious, while others were wary of the dragon race's might.

After all, a camel that died of emaciation was bigger than a horse!

After receiving this news, all the major factions on the transcendental continent rushed towards the Ao Shan Empire.

This included the nine God Empire and the Dragon Phoenix Empire.

However, the dragon-phoenix Empire's empress, Feng Luan, was not in the Phoenix Palace. She did not follow them!

All the factions on the continent headed towards the center of the Aoshan Empire, the Aotian Mountain Peak!

Time slowly passed. On the third day, countless people from the drakonid empire, led by the Dragon Emperor, also rushed towards the Aoshan Empire.

Seeing that the DRAKONID Empire had sent out their last remaining experts, all the factions were very curious and surprised!

Just as all the forces on the continent were gathering toward the Aoshan Empire, a terrifying aura shot up into the sky from the Dragon Palace in the extraordinary sea!

Over the past four months, all the members of the Dragon Palace had gathered in the dragon transformation pool to crazily increase their strength.

It took the Dragon Palace a full three months to absorb all the dragon blood.

The corpses and even the fresh blood around the Dragon Palace were also absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pool and turned into dragon blood!

After these resources were absorbed by the members of the Dragon Palace, the strength of the entire Dragon Palace had a terrifying increase.

Now, the weakest person in the entire dragon palace had the cultivation of level eight of the Seethrough Void Tier and could fight against level nine of the Seethrough Void Tier!

Seventy percent of the members of the Dragon Palace had the combat strength of the longevity realm. Among these seventy percent, thirty percent of the members had reached the longevity realm!

Among them, other than Wang Xian, the strongest ones were Feng Luan, Xiao Lan, Lan Qingyue, and the leaders of the Dragon Palace.

Feng Luan's strength had directly risen to the ninth level of the longevity realm, which allowed her to fight against those at the half-step divine realm!

Xiao Lan's strength could fight against those at the seventh level of the longevity realm, Lan Qingyue, and the leaders at the fifth level of the longevity realm!

This increase was enough to allow the dragon palace to have the strength of the Dragon Clan.

One must know that it took the dragons hundreds of thousands of years to accumulate to their current state!

Three months of improvement had depleted all the resources, but Wang Xian was still floating in the dragon transformation pool!

"Now that the news from the Ao Shan Empire has arrived, I wonder how long it will take for me to improve. I wonder if I can still make it there?"

"Let's wait for me to wake up first. The improvement this time around might be a qualitative leap, which is why it will take so long!"

Around the Dragon Transformation Pool, a group of girls looked at Wang Xian who was enveloped by the seven-colored divine light.

It had been a month. This time, Wang Xian's strength had yet to make a complete breakthrough.

His five-thousand-meter-long dragon body was continuously flowing with the seven-colored divine light. It was only until a month ago that the system notification of an upgrade rang out.

However, the upgrade this time was different from the previous one. The upgrade this time allowed his strength to directly leap to the godly state.

When he reached the sixth level of longevity, he had comprehended the domain.

Divine Shadow Dragon Palace!

The Divine Shadow Dragon Palace needed to absorb the power of the Dragon Palace to condense the Divine Shadow of the Dragon Palace!

This process took a whole month.

Buzz

Just as the group of girls were waiting for Wang Xian to make a breakthrough, the entire dragon palace trembled.

A virtual dragon palace slowly materialized in the sky above Wang Xian.

The Dragon Palace was about 10,000 meters long and looked like a miniature model of the Dragon Palace!

"HMM? is Xiao Xian about to wake up?"

When the group of girls saw this scene, they looked at the Divine Shadow Dragon Palace in astonishment!

"Ding! The great grinding of the five elements is the backbone, the extremes of yin and yang are the flesh and blood, and the ancestral tree is the blood. The Divine Shadow Dragon Palace has been formed!"

Wang Xian, who was immersed in the process of upgrading, suddenly heard the voice from the system. His body trembled slightly.

His dragon eyes opened slowly. Feeling the immense strength in his entire body, his face was filled with dignity.

Wang Xian had a premonition that he would be able to destroy the entire Dragon Palace with just a slight movement.

He felt that the supernatural continent had become insignificant in his heart. He could break through the restraints of the supernatural continent and enter the boundless starry sky.

He could cross the void and survive in the starry sky!

"Is the Divine Shadow Dragon Palace the Divine Kingdom after becoming a god?"

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and looked at the virtual image of the Dragon Palace above him.

The divine kingdom was the most important treasure of a god. It was also a manifestation of one's strength.

To a god, the divine kingdom was like a root. As long as there was a drop of blood, it could be revived in the divine kingdom!

It could be said that the divine kingdom was the source of the divine power!

Even if it was a divine artifact, it was still inferior to a weak divine kingdom.

He was only at level six of longevity. With the help of the Divine Shadow Dragon Palace, he could fight against a god!

Buzz

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level six of longevity (fourth transformation of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 35,421/500,000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the heavens, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Domain: Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom

Dragon Palace: Level 5.

Members of Dragon Palace: 23,433

Wang Xian had a thought and his attributes appeared in his mind.

"Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom!"

He looked at his domain that had become Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom. He mumbled and raised his head slightly.

"I am the ruler of the Dragon Kingdom!"

His body trembled. A strong suction force came from the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom above him.

Wang Xian did not resist. The lifelike central position of the Dragon Kingdom began to materialize.

A dragon throne, which was equivalent to one-fifth of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom, appeared in the center of the Divine Kingdom.

Wang Xian's body was directly seated on the divine throne!

He hid in the divine kingdom and sat on the divine throne, overlooking the world!

An aura that surpassed all living things rushed out from Wang Xian's body!

He was high up!

Those below the god level were all ants!

"Let's try taking human form!"

Wang Xian had a thought. The body of the Divine Dragon immediately reverted to human form!

This time, he reverted to the human form, but there was no change in his body size.

The human form was still 5,000 meters in size. He sat upright on the throne of God with an inviolable dignity.

The group of girls did not even dare to look at Wang Xian directly!

"Haha!"

"It's been ten years. I've been on the transcendence continent for ten years. I can finally stand at the top of the continent!"

Feeling the powerful strength in his body, Wang Xian laughed out loud. Although he was not a true God yet, his strength was no weaker than that of a God!

After today, he would truly stand at the top of the supernatural continent.

It had been exactly ten years since he had said that!

"Greetings, Dragon King. Congratulations on your great increase in strength!"

Feeling the strength of the Dragon King, all the members of the Dragon Palace flew over and shouted loudly!

"Rise!"

Hiding in the Divine Shadow Kingdom, Wang Xian waved his empty hand with a smile on his face!