Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1793: 1793 ignited the birth of the god of Fire 6

The arrival of the dragon race caused the area within a few thousand kilometers to instantly become quiet.

Everyone looked towards the east, looking at the god of the dragon race who was floating above an incomparably huge fire lotus.

They looked behind the god of the dragon race, at the densely packed fire dragons and wind dragons that were flapping their enormous wings!

In the past, every dragon expert that flapped their wings had the terrifying power to destroy an entire city!

Now, there were over 300,000 of them gathered together, and they were extremely terrifying.

This was especially so for the god of the dragon race who was floating above the gigantic fire lotus.

In the past, the dragon race didn't have any so-called god of the dragon race, but with the appearance of this person, the dragon race also became known as the god of the Dragon Race!

"The strength of the dragon race, even if they are no longer the overlords, is still not something that others can provoke!"

"This is the foundation, so terrifying!"

"Eh? Doesn't the Dragon Clan have the Fire Dragon Clan, the Wind Dragon Clan, and the Water Dragon Clan? Why is there no Water Dragon Clan Now?"

"That's right, why isn't the Water Dragon clan here? Oh right, it seems that the one who attacked the Dragon Palace back then was more than 100,000 experts of the Water Dragon Clan. Could it be that the entire water dragon clan has been destroyed by the Dragon Palace? Hiss!"

Seeing that the Dragon clan was getting closer and closer, the silent surroundings began to discuss.

"Roar Roar!"

At this moment, an earth-shaking roar suddenly sounded. The clouds in the sky that had gathered in the sky dissipated under this wild roar.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

After this dragon roar ended, an even more terrifying and orderly dragon roar sounded from behind!

The roar of hundreds of thousands of dragon race experts almost caused the surrounding experts who were gathered in the sky to fall to the ground.

Everyone's faces were slightly pale as they looked at all the dragon race experts in shock.

"Everyone from the Dragon Race knows that you're here. There's no need to shout anymore!"

After the voice ended, a faint voice sounded and entered everyone's ears.

Ao Shan the Great Emperor appeared at the front of the Ao Shan Empire with the towering mountain divine weapon in his hand. He stared at the Dragon God on the fire lotus from afar!

"Dragon God, we meet again. I wonder what you have to announce today with all the members of the Dragon Race!"

Ao Shan the great emperor stared at him and said indifferently.

"Roar Roar!"

"Ao Shan the Great Emperor, what do you think I'm here for?" RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The Dragon God flapped his wings and stared coldly at Great Emperor Aoshan.

"To gather all the factions and experts of the entire transcendent continent, how would I know what Your Dragon God is doing? Haha!"

Great Emperor Aoshan stretched his arm and laughed.

"Doing what? Haha, gathering all the experts of the continent is naturally to worship me, praise me, praise me! Haha!"

As the god of Dragon Race spoke, he started laughing maniacally.

"Oh? What?"

"God of Dragon Race, what is he doing?"

When they saw the god of dragon race, who had a disdainful look on his face, and heard his words, the hundreds of millions of experts from the transcendent continent were slightly shocked.

They looked at him in astonishment!

He had gathered all the forces on the continent, yet he was still so overbearing and arrogant. What was the god of Dragon race doing?

"God of the Dragon Race, you haven't changed at all. You're still as domineering as ever!"

Emperor Ao Shan frowned and said coldly when he saw the god of the dragon race who was still as arrogant as ever!

"Roar! Emperor Ao Shan, are you guilty of killing the first Supreme Elder of the Dragon Race?"

Suddenly, the Dragon Race's cold and furious voice sounded as soon as Emperor Ao Shan finished his words!

"Killing the first Supreme Elder of the dragon race is a crime punishable by death. If you offend the Dragon Race, you shall be exterminated!"

The Dragon King stood up, bowed, and replied loudly!

"Haha, good. Emperor Ao Shan, I have brought the Dragon Race's experts here today to kill you. I have come to exterminate your ao Shan Empire, Hahaha!"

"Today, I will use your blood and the blood of your ao Shan Empire to dye my throne!"

The god of dragons laughed maniacally as he flapped his huge wings and flew beneath the fire lotus. He stared at Emperor Aoshan as if he was being judged!

"This... this... the god of dragons actually wants to destroy Emperor Aoshan!"

"What's going on? What is the god of dragons thinking? He came here today to destroy Emperor Aoshan? is that even possible?"

"With Emperor Aoshan's strength and the fact that this place belongs to the Aotian Mountain Peak, it's impossible for him to destroy Emperor Aoshan!"

When the surrounding experts heard the dragon race's words, they were all stunned!

"God of the Dragon Race, you couldn't kill me ten thousand years ago. Do you think you can kill me now?"

When Emperor Ao Shan heard his words, his face didn't change at all. He stared at him coldly.

"In my eyes, you are just an ant. An ant can compete with the Dragon God!"

"Die!"

The Dragon God flapped his wings, and the dragon fire lotus above him slowly closed, like a divine flower that was about to bloom!

Boom

He waved his dragon claw, and the closed Dragon Fire Lotus slowly aimed at Ao Shan emperor. A pillar of fire exploded and shot out.

The pillar of fire within a ten-kilometer radius was like a super-tech weapon that could destroy planets.

"Damn it!"

When Aoshan Emperor saw the Dragon God attack, he had an extremely ugly expression on his face.

He didn't think that the Dragon God would come here today to kill him!

Aoshan emperor's figure moved, and he threw the towering mountain in his hand.

The towering mountain quickly grew bigger, and the earthen yellow energy blocked the attack of the pillar of fire.

His body moved, and he directly flew to a height of 100 kilometers in the sky.

At this distance, he had almost reached the highest layer of the atmosphere.

"Roar Roar Roar, the towering mountain's divine artifact. Ten thousand years have passed, and you are still a level nine longevity trash. Today will be your Doomsday, and it will be the day my light shines on the continent!"

The God of the Dragon Race looked at the divine artifact that was 10 kilometers in size, and a mocking expression appeared in his eyes.

"Dragon Fire Lotus!"

"Crack Crack Crack!"

He flapped his wings and flew to the bottom of the Dragon Fire Lotus. The fire lotuses opened one by one, and there were fire dragons roaring on them.

Holding the Dragon Fire Lotus, he released Endless Dragon Flames and directly attacked the sky.

"Hiss!"

When everyone saw the sudden outbreak of the battle between the god of the dragon race and the Great Emperor Aoshan, a look of shock appeared on their faces.

"The god of Dragon Race is here today to destroy Emperor Aoshan. This is completely out of everyone's expectations!"

"The god of dragon race and Emperor Aoshan can be considered two of the strongest experts on the transcendent continent. Even the Dragon Palace Dragon King might be slightly weaker!"

"The Dragon Palace Dragon King is no match for the god of Dragon Race and Emperor Aoshan. They are fighting in the sky over a million kilometers away. We can't see the actual battle at all!"

Seeing Emperor Ao Shan and the god of the dragon race charge into the sky over a million kilometers away, all of them widened their eyes and discussed in shock.

The actions of the dragon race were out of everyone's expectations!

"A bunch of ants. Those who obey the dragon race will prosper, and those who defy the dragon race will die!"

A fire dragon elder from the dragon race glanced at all the living beings around him and roared coldly.

His words caused everyone to be filled with anger!