Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1794: 1794 ignited the birth of the god of Fire 7

"What do you mean by going along with your dragon race and going against Your Dragon Race? Do you really think that you can kill whoever you want?"

"That's right, what are you being so arrogant for? We, the Great Emperor of Aoshan, have a divine weapon. It's impossible for the god of the Dragon Race to defeat us!"

The words of the Dragon Race's fire dragon elder, "Those who go along with us will prosper and those who go against us will die!"Caused everyone around, especially the people from the Aoshan Empire, to be filled with anger as they retorted!

If it was in the past, they would never have dared to be so arrogant towards the dragon race!

However, now that the aoshan Emperor had forcefully suppressed the second strongest expert of the dragon race, and the Dragon Palace had completely blocked the dragon race's attack, many people felt that the once invincible dragon race no longer had such a powerful ruling power!

When the Dragon Race God wanted to kill the AOSHAN emperor, the experts from the Aoshan Empire were naturally incomparably furious!

"Roar, you bunch of ants, we will soon welcome your destruction!"

When the group of dragon race experts heard the words of the Aoshan Empire's experts, anger appeared on their faces as they raised their heads and roared ferociously.

"Destruction? HMPH, arrogant things, what do you think you are if you say we are ants? Doesn't your dragon race have three races? Why are there experts of the Water Dragon Race Now?"

"Have you been destroyed by the experts from the Dragon Palace? Haha, how Dare You Call others ants!"

A young elite from the Aoshan Empire said mockingly.

"Shut up!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, the last remaining water dragon clan elder glared at everyone from the Aoshan Empire and roared with killing intent!

"Very soon, your Aoshan Empire will crawl under our feet. Very soon, all the members of the Dragon Palace will suffer a fate worse than death!"

The first elder of the Water Dragon Clan roared with a face full of malevolence and a body full of killing intent.

Waves of explosive water currents jumped on his body, as if he was about to lose control at any moment!

Ao beiming saw the ferocious look of the first elder of the Water Dragon clan and gestured to the experts behind him to stop talking.

Even if the Dragon tribe didn't have the same ruling power as before, the 300,000 Dragon tribe experts were still no match for them without the Great Emperor of the Ao Shan Empire!

However, even though the experts of the Ao Shan Empire stopped talking, everyone received a piece of information from the first elder of the Water Dragon tribe.

Everyone was certain that the water dragon tribe, the entire 100,000 people of the Water Dragon tribe, had all been destroyed by the Dragon Palace!

It was obvious that the Dragon Palace hadn't been destroyed!

"It seems that the Dragon Palace is stronger than we thought!"

"To be able to destroy the entire water dragon clan and block the attacks of countless sea beasts, the dragon palace isn't simple!"

"With the appearance of Emperor Ao Shan and the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Clan is no longer as invincible as before!"

The crowd discussed in a low voice.

All the members of the dragon race could hear their discussion clearly, and their faces were filled with fury.

If it weren't for the fact that the Dragon God didn't give the order, all the Dragons would have charged at any ant that dared to look down on them!

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a terrifying collision sound suddenly came from the sky.

The sound caused some of the weaker people to quickly cover their ears and look up at the sky in shock.

When they looked up, they saw that the entire sky was filled with flames.

In the middle of the flames, a dragon's fire lotus was emitting a terrifying flame radiance!

A mountain that seemed to have existed since ancient times was clashing with the dragon's fire lotus.

"Hiss!"

"If this attack were to explode on the ground, it would probably affect everything within a ten thousand li radius!"

"The clash between the two strongest experts of the transcendent continent, the divine weapon and the Dragon Race!"

Everyone was attracted by the battle in the sky and looked up in shock.

In the face of that terrifying battle, even the longevity experts were trembling!

Not to mention those at the transcendent realm!

Unfortunately, they were too far away and could only see the dragon fire lotus colliding with the divine weapon. They didn't know who had the upper hand.

Ten thousand years ago, they had fought for three days and three nights. This time, it wouldn't be short either!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The sounds of fierce collisions rang out again and again. At this moment, over a hundred kilometers in the sky, Emperor Ao Shan was floating on top of the divine weapon. He looked at the fire lotus in front of him with an extremely unsightly expression!

He had used the towering mountain to collide five or six times in a row, but he was actually unable to completely shake the enormous fire lotus in front of him.

This made him have a bad premonition!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Aoshan the Great Emperor, I have reached the half-step divine realm in a thousand years. Ten thousand years ago, I was able to contend against you with the divine weapon in your hand. Now that ten thousand years have passed, how can I not be able to contend against your divine weapon!"

"Furthermore, I have to thank you. Because of you, I was able to create the Dragon Fire Lotus, preparing me to hold my divine kingdom high up. hahaha!"

The God of the dragon race hovered on the Dragon Fire Lotus, his eyes filled with excitement as he stared at Emperor Aoshan. Waves of flames danced around him!

After ten thousand years, the talented God of the dragon race had not only created the dragon fire lotus and found the method to become a god, but he had also comprehended the control of flames to a terrifying level.

10,000 years was a long time for a genius who had dominated the dragon race for hundreds of thousands of years. It was enough for him to reach another peak, even if he had not become a God yet.

"Raising the divine kingdom high up?"

Emperor Aoshan was slightly shocked when he heard the god of the Dragon Race's words.

Lighting the divine fire, condensing the Divine Spark, and raising the divine kingdom!

The first and last steps were the most crucial!

After stepping over, one would become a true God!

"Divine kingdom? Today, I will use the divine weapon to Shatter Your Divine Kingdom!"

Emperor Aoshan raised his hands with a solemn expression, and waves of earthy yellow energy poured into the divine weapon!

"Towering mountain, suppress!"

"Suppress!"

The towering mountain gave off an extremely heavy aura.

The earthy yellow light locked onto the Dragon Fire Lotus, and a powerful suction force came from the towering mountain.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

On the towering mountain, two big words slowly appeared: suppression!

"A useless ninth-level Wanshou using a divine weapon, what a waste!"

The God of the dragon race stared at the divine weapon charging at him with fiery eyes, and said in a cold voice.

"Dragon Fire Lotus, transform, Dragon Fire Spear!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

With a wild roar, the fire lotus of the array formation began to close, like a missile that was emitting flames!

"Roar! You're not strong enough to control a divine weapon. Without a divine weapon, you're nothing but an ant. Go To Hell!"

The sky-high mountain charged at the Dragon Fire Lotus.

The God of the dragon race flapped his dragon wings and slashed toward Ao Shan emperor!

Ao Shan Emperor held his breath and controlled the sky-high mountain with all his strength. He ignored the attack of the god of the dragon race.

He believed in the defensive power of the Divine Artifact!

Crack! Crack! Crack

However, when the Dragon Fire Lotus collided with the towering mountain, the flames and the yellow energy started to die!