Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1795: 1795 ignited the birth of the god of Fire 8

"Oh no!"

"Not good!"

When the towering mountain and the Dragon Fire Lotus collided!

When Aoshan the great saw the earth-yellow energy around the towering mountain and the flames on the dragon fire lotus begin to extinguish at the same time, his expression changed drastically.

More than 10,000 years ago, he and the Dragon Race God were able to battle for three days and three nights because he relied on the defense of the divine artifact to make it completely unbreakable.

In this situation where he couldn't break through the defense, Emperor Ao Shan was in an undefeatable position!

But now, the towering mountain's defense was broken by the Fire Lotus.

Although the flames around the fire lotus had also dissipated, it wasn't fatal to the god of dragons.

But at this moment, he was fatal!

Looking at the god of dragons pouncing at him, Emperor Ao Shan's eyes revealed fear.

His body moved, and he hurriedly dodged to the bottom of the towering mountain!

"You, A Level 9 longevity trash, also want to dodge my pursuit!"

The God of the Dragon Race's eyes were filled with disdain. He flapped his dragon wings and aimed his dragon claws!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

With a roar, the dragon's shadow flickered.

"You haven't reached the deity realm yet. How can you create such a terrifying weapon? This is impossible!"

Ao Shan Emperor roared in horror!

"Haha, The Godly State and the godly weapon are very different. You wouldn't understand even if I told you a piece of trash like you!"

"Furthermore, how much power can a piece of trash like you unleash with the godly weapon?"

"Today, I will use your last drop of blood as a dye to ignite my godly fire. Roar Roar!"

A furious voice sounded from behind. Ao Shan Emperor could feel the dragon God getting closer and closer.

A look of shock and despair appeared on his face.

Pu

At this moment, a dragon claw suddenly appeared on his left and right. A blazing power and an indestructible dragon claw clawed at Ao Shan Emperor's body!

The expression of the Ao Shan emperor froze. His eyes were filled with despair!

"Trash, you still want to challenge me?"

The Dragon Claw grabbed onto the Ao Shan emperor, causing his body to tremble violently.

The powerful flames and power caused him to be heavily injured. The towering mountain also trembled in the air and slowly shrank.

After losing his control, the light of the divine weapon also gradually disappeared!

The Dragon Claw suffocated him so much that he didn't even have the chance to scream!

"Cough Cough Cough!"

Emperor Aoshan spat out a mouthful of blood and stared at Emperor Aoshan with despair. "You... how did you..."

"Trash, cut the crap. Next, you'll have the honor of using your blood to ignite my divine fire!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Dragon God's Dragon Claw grabbed Emperor Aoshan. With a wave of his dragon wings, the shrunken mountain flew to his other claw.

Aoshan Emperor's eyes widened when he heard the Dragon God's words. His eyes were filled with disbelief!

Ignite the Divine Fire?

"Dragon Fire Lotus, Bloom!"

At that moment, the Dragon God raised his head and roared. The closed fire lotus began to open!

The Dragon God stared at the spot below. He spread his wings and descended.

His wings carried the Dragon Fire Lotus. Next, he was going to accomplish a feat that no living creature in the entire transcendence continent had accomplished in the past hundreds of thousands of years!

Ignite the divine fire!

"The collision above has ended. What's going on?"

"How did it end so quickly? There aren't any screams. Are we not going to fight anymore?"

"Emperor Ao Shan has a divine weapon, so it's very difficult to defeat him. The God of the dragon race is very powerful, so it's impossible for him to be defeated so quickly. It seems like we're not going to fight anymore!"

After the collision in the sky ended, there was no sound for more than ten seconds. Some people said in astonishment.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon's roar filled with majesty resounded through the entire sky. A powerful aura came charging towards them from all directions.

"Not good, what a terrifying aura!"

"Oh my God, look quickly, look at the sky. The God of the dragon race, the god of the Dragon Race!"

When the terrifying aura descended, countless people hurriedly flew down.

Facing this kind of pressure, they couldn't hold on at all!

However, at this moment, a series of shocked voices rang out. Some people tried their best to resist the pressure and looked up.

When they saw the god of the dragon race carrying the huge fire lotus and descending, their faces were filled with shock!

"The Dragon God has Emperor Ao Shan in his Dragon Claw. Oh My God, Emperor Ao Shan has been defeated!"

"No, how is this possible? Our Emperor has a divine weapon, how can he be defeated!"

Disbelieving and terrified voices sounded one after another!

Everyone looked at the Dragon God, Emperor Ao Shan, under his dragon claw, and their bodies trembled!

"Roar Roar Roar, the Dragon God is invincible!"

"The Dragon God is invincible in the extraordinary continent!"

In the Dragon Race and the Dragon Empire, all the experts of the dragon race and the dragon race bowed respectfully in the sky and roared loudly!

"Oh no!"

"It's over, how is this possible!"

All the experts of the Aoshan Empire were filled with despair!

The Dragon God lifted the fire lotus, and under the illumination of the huge fire lotus, he looked like a dragon God that had descended from the sky.

The Dragon Claw held the Ao Shan Emperor. This invincible posture filled everyone's eyes with respect and shock!

"All living beings, kneel down for me!"

The God of the Dragon Race slowly stopped about ten kilometers in the sky. His majestic voice resounded in everyone's mind.

"Let go of my grandfather!"

Ao beiming looked at the extremely miserable ao Shan Emperor, who even found it difficult to breathe, and roared with blood-red eyes.

"Ant!"

The Dragon God lightly tapped his dragon claw, and a ball of flames appeared around Ao beiming.

"Ah!"

A miserable scream instantly came out of Ao beiming's mouth. He struggled violently to escape from the flames.

However, it was useless!

"Boom!"

An explosion sounded from AO beiming's body. The miserable scream stopped abruptly, and his body fell down.

"My God... how terrifying!"

"Ao Shan monarch, Monarch!"

Everyone trembled in shock!

Some of them quickly fell to the ground, kneeling in fear!

Everyone, everyone!

No one had expected the dragon God to be so powerful. The Ao Shan monarch, who had a divine weapon, had been killed in such a short period of time!

Aoshan Emperor Lord was lightly tapped and set on fire!

How terrifying!

Just as the dragon race had shouted, the transcendent continent was invincible!

"Kneel!"

The God of the dragon race saw the humiliated expressions of some of the experts of the Aoshan Empire and shouted again.

"Boom! Boom!"

The Dragon Fire Lotus that was lifted seemed to release fireworks as an extremely terrifying flame landed in the center of the experts of the Aoshan Empire!

"Ahhhhhhh!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Screams of pain rang out as over 10,000 experts from the Aoshan Empire died!

"Kneel down! Kneel down!"

When everyone around saw this scene, they fell to the ground in fear, kneeling down and prostrating themselves!

Many people's bodies were trembling. The dragon race was still that Invincible Dragon Race!

"Roar Roar Roar, next, welcome the birth of the true God!"

"The number one in the continent, the Dragon God!"