Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1796: 1796 held up the divine kingdom

"Roar Roar Roar, next, welcome the birth of the true God!"

"The continent's number one, Dragon God!"

On the lofty mountain peak of the Ao Shan Empire, countless people knelt on the ground. When the voice of the Dragon Race's God resounded throughout the sky, everyone was slightly shocked.

Countless people's pupils constricted, their faces filled with astonishment!

The birth of the true God?

Some people quietly raised their heads and glanced at the sky.

There hadn't been a god born in the entire transcendental continent for hundreds of thousands of years. Although the god of the dragon race was called the Dragon God, he only called himself that, not a true God.

Now, the god of the dragon race suddenly said that he wanted them to witness the birth of a true God, this...

Everyone's hearts were shaken!

"Roar Roar Roar, everyone raise their heads, pray, praise, sing praises, and welcome the birth of our Dragon Race's true God!"

At that moment, a roar from the dragon race sounded. All the people kneeling on the ground immediately raised their heads in shock.

"Could it be that the god of the dragon race is really going to become a true God? This..."

"Isn't the divine path of the transcendence continent already broken? The God of the dragon race is really going to ignite the divine fire!"

"This... This can't be true, right? The Dragon Race has ruled for hundreds of thousands of years, and the god of the dragon race is even able to kill Emperor Aoshan who has a divine weapon. Perhaps the dragon race is really going to have a true God!"

Hundreds of millions of people raised their heads in a daze, looking up at the figure in the sky.

In the sky beside them, everyone from the Dragon Race and the Drakonid Empire was kneeling in the air, watching with excitement!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"With my dragon blood, I will water the Divine Kingdom!"

At this moment, the god of the Dragon Race, who had a crazed and excited expression, floated below the Dragon Fire Lotus. He roared wildly, and blood began to flow on his body! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Drops of dragon blood were directly poured into the root of the dragon fire lotus.

"This..."

Seeing this scene of the Dragon God, everyone was shocked.

He forced out his own blood and poured it on the fire lotus.

This kind of behavior was either a genius or a madman!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

The Dragon God's blood flowed into the fire lotus and the huge fire lotus closed again!

"Wash my body with the blood of humans!"

Another roar sounded. The God of the dragon race slowly looked at Emperor Ao Shan, who was in his Dragon Claw, and a burning expression appeared on his face.

"Use the blood of humans at the peak of the transcendent continent to help me ignite the Divine Fire!"

"Roar!"

As he spoke, he waved his dragon claw, and Emperor Ao Shan's body flew to the tip of the closed Dragon Fire Lotus!

"Ah!"

Emperor Ao Shan screamed as the sharp tip pierced through his body.

His blood flowed into the Dragon Fire Lotus.

"Hiss!"

Seeing this scene, everyone below sucked in a cold breath.

The citizens of the Ao Shan Empire were all red-faced and trembling.

Emperor Ao Shan had fallen!

"Let it Bloom, Dragon Fire Lotus!"

The God of Dragons'blood quickly flowed into the Dragon Fire Lotus. His face and even his entire body turned pale.

His body seemed to have lost a lot of weight!

His entire body was shaking!

"Hualala!"

As his voice fell, the Dragon Fire Lotus slowly bloomed. At the bottom of the lotus, streams of blood flowed towards the god of dragons'body.

The pure blood landed on the god of the dragon race.

He raised his head and slowly closed his eyes. Faint Flames appeared on his body!

"This..."

Seeing this unbelievable scene, everyone was shocked!

The Dragon Fire Lotus slowly bloomed. At the center of the Fire Lotus, there was a stream of blood.

The blood was over a thousand meters long and looked like the wick of the Dragon Fire Lotus!

At the very top, there was the fresh blood of the Great Emperor Aoshan!

"Today, the god of the Dragon Race has ignited the divine fire, causing the light of God to illuminate the entire transcendence continent!"

The God of the Dragon Race, who had absorbed the blood of countless humans, slowly opened his eyes and looked up at the Dragon Fire Lotus in the sky!

His voice was filled with authority, and the strands of flames on his body suddenly exploded!

"Boom!"

A stream of flames shot straight towards the Dragon Fire Lotus. The Flames followed the patterns and quickly spread towards the center of the Dragon Fire Lotus.

"Buzz!"

At this moment, everyone felt the surrounding space tremble!

The sky within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers turned red, and countless flames danced within hundreds of thousands of kilometers!

Heaven and earth phenomenon!

"This... this..."

The Heaven and earth phenomenon appeared, and everyone's faces were filled with shock when they saw this scene.

"Heaven and earth phenomenon, the sign of becoming a god, Hahaha!"

Everyone from the Dragon Race and the DRAKONID Empire muttered with excitement on their faces. Their eyes were filled with fervor and piety!

"Buzz!"

At the center of the Dragon Fire Lotus, a strand of blood that was 1,000 meters long slowly began to burn.

From the bottom, it gradually spread to the highest point!

"Weng Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the Dragon Fire Lotus released a dazzling light, and the flames within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers quickly flew in this direction as if they were worshipping.

Countless fire spirits followed the burning Wick and entered the Dragon Fire Lotus!

Immediately after, the countless flames passed through the Dragon Fire Lotus Root and entered the body of the god of dragons.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

A violent roar filled with excitement sounded from his mouth.

His body began to transform. Large scales fell from his body, and new dragon scales quickly formed.

The new dragon scales were like rubies, flowing with a brilliant divine light!

He began to transform. He began to shed his mortal body and form a god's body!

"Boom!"

A thunderous sound suddenly rang out. A streak of flame seemed to fly from the sky and directly flew into the Dragon Fire Lotus. When it came out from below, it had already turned into a flame crystal core!

The crystal core contained vast power!

The flame crystal core directly entered the body of the Dragon God.

"Boom!"

In an instant, the aura of the dragon God increased by dozens of times!

"Roar Roar Roar, ignite the divine fire and condense the Divine Spark!"

A minute later, the Dragon God suddenly opened his eyes. Divine light flashed in his eyes, majestic and inviolable!

He roared excitedly and loudly!

Even his body trembled violently!

"I will raise my divine kingdom high up and illuminate the transcendental continent. I will become the only true God of the transcendental continent!"

"Rumble!"

His furious roar sounded, and the surrounding sky was filled with thunderous sounds. It was as if the sky was responding to him!

"Hua La!"

The God of the dragon race spread his wings, and his transformed body had already reached the size of a thousand meters.

His two dragon wings spread, reaching a terrifying height of about three thousand meters.

He floated below the Dragon Fire Lotus, raising his divine kingdom high up!

"Oh my God, the god of the dragon race has really become a true God!"

At this moment, everyone below, including the entire central continent, felt the world change!

The throbbing of flames!

The boundless sound of the heavens!

Everyone had the urge to prostrate on the ground and worship!

This boundless power belonged to a God!

"Hahaha, I am a true God of the transcendent continent, and all beings of the transcendent continent worship me!"