Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1797: 1797 was high and mighty

All beings of the transcendental continent, worship me!

A Vast Majesty came out of the mouth of the god of the Dragon Race. He was the true God of the dragon race, the true God of the Dragon Race!

He said, "All beings worship me!"!

It was filled with boundless power. Below, all the shocked people couldn't help but kneel on the ground and worship the Dragon God!

It was as if the voice of the Dragon God was filled with irresistible power!

"Roar!"

The Dragon God raised his divine kingdom and when he saw this scene, his face revealed an excited roar!

At this moment, a trace of joy rose in everyone's hearts, as if they were happy for the Dragon God.

Every move and action affected everyone's soul!

This caused some experts to feel their souls and bodies change involuntarily, and their faces were filled with shock!

God was high and mighty!

God was unstoppable!

"We pay our respects to the Dragon God. We will spread the image of Lord Dragon God across the entire transcendental continent for billions of living beings to worship!"

At the Dragon Race and the Drakonid Empire, a group of experts shouted excitedly.

"From now on, the dragon race will become a race of gods on the transcendental continent!"

The Dragon God looked at the Dragon Race and directly announced!

"One of the gods!"

All the members of the dragon race were excited!

The one and only race with a true God on the continent!

"The Dragonman Empire, you are my people, and I will protect you

"The entire continent will be ruled by you, and you will be the nobles of the extraordinary continent!"

The Dragon God looked in the direction of the Dragonman Empire.

"Thank you, Dragon God! Thank you, Dragon God!"

The son of the dragon and all the experts of the drakonid empire revealed extremely excited expressions!

Apart from the ocean being ruled by them, they would also become the nobles of the entire continent.

People above people!

"All creatures of the Aoshan Empire will be reduced to slaves!"

"Creatures of other factions will become ordinary civilians!"

The Dragon God continued to announce.

He was high and mighty, and he set the rules of the entire transcendence continent!

"This... demoted all of us from the Aoshan Empire to slaves..."

"The original citizens of the Dragonman Empire are nobles, the citizens of the Aoshan Empire are slaves, and we are commoners. This... The Dragon God actually set the rules!"

"Slaves... slaves..."

When everyone heard the Dragon God's words, their bodies trembled violently.

Especially the people of the Aoshan Empire, all of their faces were extremely pale.

They had been demoted to slaves!

Becoming the slaves of the entire continent, this was simply an incomparable humiliation!

But what could they do?

Oh God, the one who set the rules was the only true god of the transcendence continent!

What could they use to resist god?

"Quickly thank the Dragon God for his Grace!"

An elder of the Dragon Clan looked at the silent people and shouted loudly.

A powerful aura pressed down, making the faces of the people kneeling on the ground extremely ugly!

The Dragon Clan was the God clan, and the Drakonids of the drakonid empire were the nobles. The rest of the people would be just like slaves!

In the future, the Dragon Clan and the Drakonid Empire would rule the world, and no one in the world would dare to resist them!

They could imagine that in the next 100,000 years at least, they would crawl and survive!

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, nine roars came from afar! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The sudden roar made everyone slightly stunned. Even the dragon race and the Dragon God looked towards the source of the sound.

"Crash!"

The Dragon God flapped his wings and flew to the top of the Dragon Fire Lotus. His pair of eyes seemed to be able to see through the world.

When he saw the figures described by his subordinates, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

He looked down at the arrival of the forces in front of him from above!

"Little Xian, just now, there was a phenomenon of the heaven and earth within a radius of more than 100,000 kilometers. There was also a vast sound. What on Earth happened?"

At this moment, at a spot 100 kilometers away from the peak of the Aotian Mountain, Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace rushed over!

Just now, they had also witnessed the extremely powerful heaven and earth metamorphosis. The group of girls were filled with shock.

"I don't know. It must be related to the peak of the Aotian Mountain!"

Wang Xian was deep in thought. When he recalled the heaven and earth phenomenon and the rumbling thunder just now, his eyes sparkled.

Such a vast power could affect an area of more than 100,000 kilometers. It was definitely not something that an ordinary powerhouse could do.

Unless it was a god!

However, the divine path of the transcendental continent had been severed, and there were no more gods appearing in the hundreds of thousands!

"Is it a powerful divine artifact, or..."

He muttered as he watched the distance between him and the peak of the Ao Tian Mountain get closer and closer. He opened his yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes.

"Weng!"

In an instant, everything within the Ao Tian Mountain appeared before his eyes.

"Oh?"

When he saw the situation over there, he was slightly stunned, and a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

Finally, his gaze landed on the Dragon God who was on the gigantic Dragon Fire Lotus!

"Has he become a God?"

He mumbled!

At this moment, the scene at the peak of the aotian mountain appeared clearly in the sight of everyone in the Dragon Palace.

At the peak of the Aotian Mountain, the people from the dragon race, the Drakonid Empire, and all the other forces also saw the arrival of Wang Xian and the rest.

A few terrifying creatures that were more than 1,000 meters in size were pulling a dragon chair!

They were so huge that they could even be described as gigantic beasts!

They were powerful creatures riding on powerful flaming mounts!

Everyone immediately recognized the arrival of the powerhouses from the Dragon Palace!

Nine longevity-level creatures were pulling a dragon chair. In the entire continent, no other faction could match up to them!

After the Dragon Palace managed to fend off the attacks of the Dragon clan, they were even at their peak. They were known as one of the strongest existences on the continent!

The Dragon King was also known as the third most powerful expert on the continent.

However, when they saw the sudden arrival of the Dragon Palace, they were slightly stunned and showed some sympathy at the same time.

The Dragon Palace had come at the wrong time!

They were probably doomed!

Everyone thought to themselves. They knelt on the ground and raised their heads to look at all the members of the Dragon Palace. They felt that the strength of the Dragon Palace seemed to have improved a lot!

"Unfortunately, the Dragon Palace is going to be destroyed in front of God!"

"I'm afraid the Dragon Clan is going to fall too!"

Some people said sympathetically.

"The Dragon Palace is the Dragon King and all the members of the Dragon Palace!"

"Hahaha, you don't want to go to heaven, but you want to break into hell!"

When all the members of the Dragon Palace came to a position fifty kilometers away, a violent voice sounded from the Dragon Clan's position.

The first elder of the Water Dragon clan stood up with a ferocious expression and roared at the members of the Dragon Palace!

"Lord Dragon God, you must take revenge for our Water Dragon Clan!"

As he spoke, he knelt down and said to the Dragon God!

Everyone looked at the members of the Dragon Palace in unison!

"All the ants of the Dragon Palace, come and receive the judgment of the Dragon Clan!"

The Dragon God looked down from above and shouted arrogantly at all the members of the Dragon Palace.

His voice resounded in the ears of every member of the Dragon Clan, and all the members of the Dragon Palace couldn't help but be slightly stunned!

"Citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire, cheer up immediately!"

The Dragon God's majestic voice didn't have much effect on the experts of the Dragon Clan.

Feng Luan swept her gaze over and was extremely surprised. However, she shouted at all the experts of the dragon-phoenix Empire without any fear!