Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1798: At the peak of the 1798 continent, Dragon King vs Dragon God 1

"That is? Empress, it's over. The Empress still doesn't know that the god of the dragon race has become a true God. She's finished!"

"She's so close to the Dragon Palace. The Empress is also finished. I wonder if she will implicate the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

When everyone saw Feng Luan completely ignore the dragon God's words and shout at all the citizens of the dragon-phoenix Empire, everyone below was shocked.

The soldiers and important ministers of the dragon-phoenix Empire who came this time nearly wet their pants when they heard their Empress's words!

They were facing a true God, the first true God of the extraordinary continent in hundreds of thousands of years!

In front of a god, all the Empire's forces were nothing but rubble. With a slight movement of the Dragon God, an empire that had been around for hundreds of thousands of years could collapse instantly!

To provoke the Dragon God now was undoubtedly courting death!

"Empress, the god of the Dragon Race has become a true God, you..."

A soldier with a face full of cold sweat hurriedly reminded Feng Luan!

"Oh? A true God!"

Feng Luan was slightly stunned. Following that, her pupils contracted slightly as she looked at the Dragon God who was standing high above on the Dragon Fire Lotus!

All the members of the Dragon Palace and Wang Xian's gaze also landed on the Dragon God!

"Kneel down and wait for the judgment of the Dragon God. Otherwise, we will make you beg for Death!"

The first elder of the water tribe shouted with a ferocious and excited face!

"Sigh!"

All the generals, ministers, and other experts of the dragon-phoenix empire heaved a heavy sigh.

Their lord Wang and even the Empress were in danger!

"Dragon God? Didn't the divine path of the transcendence continent already end?"

Wang Xian glanced at the ferocious water dragon and looked at the Dragon God as though he was asking a question or mumbling to himself!

"A bunch of ants, how Dare You Kill Our Dragon Disciples? I will send all of you into my divine kingdom and let you enjoy the pain of being burned by the fire for 10,000 years!"

The Dragon God saw everyone in the Dragon Palace standing there motionlessly. He spoke without any change in his expression.

As he spoke, his dragon wings flapped gently. An incomparably huge flame cage flew out from the Dragon Fire Lotus and covered all the members of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian looked at the Dragon God who was standing high up in the sky. He didn't put them in his eyes at all. He smiled gently.

"A God? It's a pity that I'm not afraid of a God!"

Wang Xian stood up slowly. He looked at the flames enveloping them and said faintly.

"You don't know Death!"

"You are the first and last person who dares to speak to me like that!"

"Today, I will let you bunch of ignorant ants experience the power of a true God!"

When the Dragon God heard Wang Xian's words, his face turned cold instantly.

Boom

The Flaming Cage that flew out from the Dragon Fire Lotus suddenly emitted towering flames.

The Flames condensed into the shape of a fire dragon. There were more than a thousand of them roaring in the cage!

An invincible power came from above. The flames engulfed all the living beings in the Dragon Palace.

"Hiss, is this the power of a God? Who can resist it?"

"Oh my God, with a wave of his hand, a flame cage appeared, and thousands of fire dragons rolled in it. This is too terrifying, and it is not something that humans can resist!"

"Is this the power of a God? In front of this flame cage that covers an area of hundreds of kilometers, we are nothing but ants!"

When the flames engulfed the cage of flames and the fire dragon condensed and began to roar, everyone below trembled.

An unrivaled power. This was an unrivaled power!

"The Dragon King and all the members of the Dragon Palace might regret it now. They are done for!"

Some of them thought to themselves.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the cage of flames that was attacking them. A cold smile appeared on his face.

His body moved and he flew out from the Dragon Chair. He clawed at the cage in the air!

Crack! Crack! Crack

A Dragon Claw suddenly appeared in the sky.

The area of the flame cage was more than a hundred kilometers. However, this Gray Dragon Claw was also hundreds of kilometers long!

The gigantic dragon claw of destruction clawed at the flame cage.

In an instant, the entire cage collapsed and slowly dissipated!

The Dragon Claw, carrying endless destruction, attacked the Dragon God.

"What?"

Everyone was stunned when they saw the Dragon King floating in the sky, stretching out his arm and destroying the flaming cage with a gigantic dragon claw.

Even the Dragon God was shocked!

His attack was actually broken by the Dragon King!

He was the Dragon God, the only true God on the continent!

"Weng!"

Seeing the Dragon Claw continue to attack him, the Dragon God's pupils slightly shrank!

"Break!"

He also raised his Dragon Claw, and a huge flaming dragon claw directly met the Grey Dragon Claw!

"Boom!"

A terrifying collision sounded again. The grayish dragon claw slowly dissipated. At the same time, the Dragon God's Flaming Dragon Claw also dissipated!

"This is impossible!"

An unbelievable voice came from the Dragon God's mouth. He began to flap his wings and stared at Wang Xian with a pair of ice-cold dragon eyes filled with disbelief!

"How is this possible!"

"Oh my God, how can the Dragon King's attack break the two attacks of the Dragon God? This... this... isn't the dragon king at most at level nine of longevity?"

"What the hell is going on?"

When everyone saw that the Dragon God's attack was canceled out once again and heard the Dragon God's shocked voice, everyone around was stunned!

This was especially so for the dragon race and the Drakonid Empire. This was their God who had just ignited the divine fire.

How could the Dragon King block the attack! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

How could a Puny Dragon King be on par with their dragon God?

As for the rest of them, they were so shocked that they didn't know what to say!

"Impossible? What's impossible? Dragon race, speaking of which, all of you only have a trace of the bloodline of the Divine Dragon Race. You are just a sub-dragon, yet you still want to compete with the Divine Dragon?"

Wang Xian looked at the Dragon God and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

His body trembled slightly as a seven-colored divine dragon condensed around him!

"I'm the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace of the Divine Dragon Clan. Do you really think that you can stand high above me and judge me just because you've reached the Godly State?"

"Haha, you've only ignited a trace of divine fire. It's just right. My strength has just broken through. I'll use the blood and soul of Your Dragon God to test my full strength!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

After Wang Xian finished speaking, a dragon roar sounded from his mouth. Around him, the condensed seven-colored divine dragon instantly solidified. Its icy-cold seven-colored dragon eyes stared at the Dragon God!

"Roar! No, I am the only true God on the continent. I Am the number one dragon God in the world. You have not even ignited the divine fire and you still want to fight against me!"

"Today, I will let you witness the full strength of a true God. I will make you grovel and tremble under my body!"

The god of Dragons felt the terrifying pressure coming from Wang Xian. His eyes shot out endless flames as he roared!

He stared at Wang Xian with murderous intent!

Dragon King VS Dragon God!