Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1799: On the summit of the 1799 continent, Dragon King vs Dragon God 2

In the sky above the lofty Sky Mountain Peak, the Dragon God, who was standing on the Dragon Fire Lotus Country, spread out his huge dragon wings and stared at the Dragon King with murderous intent!

On the opposite side, the seven-colored divine dragon was circling around with his hands behind his back. Wang Xian, who was standing proudly in the sky, looked at the Dragon God calmly.

Facing the first true God of the extraordinary continent in hundreds of thousands of years, he was not afraid at all.

Everyone sucked in a cold breath when they saw this scene.

Not long ago, the Dragon King was known as the third strongest person on the continent. There was a huge gap between him and the god of the dragon race and Emperor Ao Shan.

However, the god of the dragon race was able to destroy Emperor Ao Shan before he ignited the divine fire. Now that the divine fire had been ignited, the divine spark had been condensed!

The Divine Kingdom had also been raised up high by him.

The only true God in the transcendence continent!

Now, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was actually able to stand up to him without losing the slightest bit of ground. Everyone's faces were filled with disbelief!

"The Dragon King is able to stand up to the Dragon God. Gulp... This... is the Dragon King also a God?"

"The Dragon King calls himself the divine dragon race. His rise to power is quite terrifying. Could it be that he has the inheritance of the Divine Dragon Race?"

Everyone kneeling on the ground saw this scene, and their eyes were filled with shock.

The Dragon King's strength and the rise of the Dragon King surprised all of them.

The Divine Dragon Clan that the Dragon King spoke of, was it the inheritance of a powerful creature.

On the extraordinary continent, people only knew of the Dragon Clan, and did not know of the existence of the so-called Divine Dragon Clan.

However, to dare to use the name of a god, coupled with the current strength of the Dragon King, this creature must be extraordinary!

"It's delusional to think of fighting against our Lord Dragon God. Our Dragon God is a true God. He has ignited the divine fire and owns the Divine Kingdom!"

All the powerhouses from the Dragon Race and the Drakonid Empire clenched their dragon claws and arms tightly. Their eyes were fixed on the sky! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Divine fire, Burn!"

The Dragon God looked at Wang Xian's silent provocation. He opened his mouth and a glistening flame attacked!

"Pa! PA! Pa!"

Wherever the divine fire went, even the air started to burn. In the sky, one could clearly see a trace.

"Five elements, extinguish into a river!"

Wang Xian looked at the divine fire that was attacking him and waved his arm!

Buzz

A long river appeared behind him and swept forward in an instant!

The entire sky looked as though the long river that was destroyed by the five elements had left a gray mark.

Boom

The divine fire and the extinguish turned into a river as they collided. The power of the extinguish of the five elements began to erode the divine fire rapidly!

From below, it was obvious that the divine fire was melting rapidly. The long river of extinguish was spreading towards the dragon God!

"The Dragon King has gained the upper hand once again, oh my God!"

Every attack of the Dragon King and the Dragon God left a clear mark in the sky. This kind of attack was less violent, but more terrifying.

The Flames seemed to burn everything in the world in an instant!

The destructive power of the five elements seemed to wipe out everything!

Even if it was a collision, there weren't any terrifying explosions.

When everyone saw that the Dragon King's attack had gained the upper hand once again, everyone took a deep breath.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"With my body, I will trample on your humble body!"

When the Dragon God saw that his attack was at a disadvantage again, he spread his dragon wings!

The dragon wings trembled slightly. With a terrifying speed, he drew a fire scar and appeared in front of Wang Xian!

"You can't do it with the strength of your physical body!"

Wang Xian felt the strength of the Dragon God. His eyes were filled with coldness as he extended his arm!

Crack! Crack

The Dragon Claws appeared. Following that, his entire body turned into the body of a divine dragon. The five-thousand-meter-long body of a divine dragon and the incomparably sharp dragon claws went straight for the Dragon God!

"Roar! Roar! My body has been tempered by the divine fire. It is the body of a divine being. If you want to fight against me, you, who didn't ignite the divine fire, are not qualified to do so!"

The Dragon God roared furiously. When he saw Wang Xian's dragon claws, he didn't flinch at all!

He was a god, a true God who had ignited the divine fire. After being tempered by the divine fire, his body had completely turned into the body of a God!

The dragon race had a strong physical body to begin with. Furthermore, they had been cleansed by the divine fire!

"Bang!"

It was a completely physical confrontation. When the Dragon God's dragon claws collided with Wang Xian's dragon claws, a terrifying collision sound was heard.

It was like a muffled sound of a meteorite falling on the supernatural continent. The surrounding air rushed towards the back rapidly.

When the collision happened, the Dragon God's body stiffened. His dragon claws began to transform slowly!

Following that, an extremely terrifying force was transmitted towards his body.

"PFFT!"

A mouthful of fresh blood was spat out from his mouth. The Dragon God stared at Wang Xian with a horrified expression. Finally, a hint of fear appeared in his eyes!

"Bang!"

Following that, his dragon body flew backward at a terrifying speed.

"Roar!"

He let out a painful scream!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian also let out a soft roar. His body moved and swept his dragon tail horizontally. With a terrifying speed, he struck the Dragon God once again.

When the Dragon God saw the seven-colored dragon tail and felt the strength of the stars, his expression changed drastically again.

He retracted his dragon wings to protect his body.

Crack! Crack! Crack

When the dragon tail swept across the dragon wings, the sound of bones breaking could be heard!

The Dragon God's body flew backward once again!

"You... you actually hurt me!"

The Dragon God roared in shock and anger. At the back, the Dragon Fire Lotus released streams of Flames to protect him!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian laughed in disdain. "Do you really think you are invincible just because you have become a god?"

"Who dares to claim to be invincible? Who is undefeated in front of me? So what if you are the Dragon God!"

He roared loudly. The crown turned into the five elements millstone and floated above him.

Buzz

Following that, a Taiji pattern appeared below his body and rotated slowly.

The five elements were grinding on top of his head while he was standing on the Yin and yang poles!

Wang Xian was not afraid of the Dragon God in terms of defense and attack. With the combination of the seven elements, he was able to kill the true God who had ignited a wisp of divine fire!

At this moment, everyone below was completely stunned when they saw the Dragon God being injured!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Good, good, good. What a Good Dragon King. To think that he was able to injure me. I don't know why you have such powerful strength. However, you are definitely no match for me in front of the Divine Kingdom!"

"The recovery ability and endless energy of a god are definitely not something that an ordinary person like you can compare to. Those below the true God are all ants!"

The Dragon God glared at Wang Xian with his eyes that were about to split open as he roared again.

He could not believe that he, a true God, was not a match for a creature below the divine realm!

He could not believe it!

Floating above the dragon's fire lotus divine kingdom, his injuries were recovering rapidly. An endless stream of energy surged into his body, causing him to go completely berserk!