Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1800: At the peak of the 1800 continent, Dragon King vs Dragon God 3

With the support of the divine kingdom, the power of a God could be greatly enhanced.

A powerful divine kingdom was more important to a god than a powerful divine artifact.

The divine kingdom could absorb the energy between heaven and earth at any time and pour it directly into one's body. It could increase one's recovery power by hundreds of times!

It could allow the God to possess an inexhaustible amount of energy!

The berserk god of dragons was floating on his divine kingdom's Dragon Fire Lotus. He didn't believe that with the support of the divine kingdom, he wasn't a match for a Puny Dragon King!

"Divine Kingdom, Fire Dragon Roar!"

The Dragon God stood in the center of the Dragon Fire Lotus and opened his mouth. Flames from afar entered his body!

Boom

A terrifying flame that could destroy three to four cities charged directly at Wang Xian.

The Flames condensed into thousands of fire dragons that were a thousand meters in size. Thousands of dragon heads were roaring ferociously in front of him.

Thousands of dragons were burning!

"Don't Give Up!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold expression. His body shook and the yin and yang dual polarity diagram below him rotated and stood upright in front of him.

The Yin-yang dual polarity diagram spun and in the middle, the divine dragons of light and darkness raised their heads and roared. The entire yin-yang Taiji diagram was extremely mystical!

Buzz

The terrifying thousands of fire dragons landed on the yin-yang Taiji diagram and were completely blocked!

"Fire Dragon Wing Slash!"

The Dragon God stared at Wang Xian with his blood-red eyes. His dragon wings trembled again.

Within the Fire Lotus of dragons, countless divine flames were added to the attack. Streams of dragon wings that were as bright as lava continued to attack Wang Xian.

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

The Dragon Wings landed on the yin-yang dual polarity diagram, producing an extremely violent sound of collision.

The yin-yang Taiji trembled for a moment, but it was still able to withstand the attack of the Dragon God!

"This... The Dragon God doesn't seem to be a match for the Dragon King at all. be it the collision of energy or the collision of physical bodies, he is at a disadvantage!"

"This Dragon King is simply too strong. No wonder all the members of the Dragon Palace are so Fearless!"

Below, everyone who saw that the Dragon God had been suppressed all this while had stunned expressions on their faces.

The only true God in the transcendence continent was actually at a disadvantage under the attack of the Dragon King!

The expressions of some people changed. The soldiers and experts of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire hesitated for a moment before standing up and no longer kneeling on the ground.

Judging from the situation, the Dragon God might not be a match for the Dragon King! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"It's my turn!"

When Wang Xian saw that the Dragon God's own attacks were being blocked consecutively, he was stunned. He raised his dragon head slightly and roared, "Roar!"

With a soft roar, the five elements millstone spun. The five divine dragons on it let out a roar. The five types of energy, metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, condensed into five divine dragons respectively and attacked the Dragon God directly!

"What? Five types of attributes? Is this a divine weapon?"

Seeing the five elements divine dragons attacking him, the Dragon God's expression changed slightly again.

His attack was easily blocked, and the Dragon King's weapon was extremely mystical, which made him clench his teeth tightly!

"Divine fire, Ignite!"

He roared with an extremely ugly expression, and a wisp of flame slowly emerged from his head.

Divine Fire Blessing!

"Divine Kingdom!"

He gritted his teeth and let out another loud roar!

"Weng!"

The Dragon Fire Lotus beneath him began to spin rapidly!

"Attack!"

The Divine Kingdom revolved as flames that looked like lotus petals shot towards the five divine dragons of metal, wood, water, fire, and Earth under the rotation of the Dragon Fire Lotus.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The fire petals seemed to be endless, each of them five to six thousand meters in size!

The five divine dragons were instantly destroyed by the flaming petals!

"Are we going to use the divine kingdom to attack?"

Wang Xian revealed a serious expression.

After all, a god was a god. Even though Wang Xian's energy and physical body had suppressed the Dragon God, the Dragon God still possessed the divine kingdom.

The divine kingdom could destroy a weak star!

"Let's test the power of the Divine Kingdom!"

"Five elements millstone, Attack!"

Wang Xian shouted loudly. The Five Elements Millstone, which was rotating for a radius of tens of kilometers, brought with it a grayish destructive force as it smashed directly toward the Dragon Fire Lotus.

On the Five Elements Millstone, the five divine dragons roared. At the edge of the Millstone, pieces of extremely powerful dragon scales slowly condensed.

The rotating five elements millstone was like a chainsaw that reaped everything in front of it!

"Roar!"

"Then I'll let you experience the power of My Divine Kingdom!"

The Dragon God roared with a ferocious expression. He flapped his dragon wings, and the twelve petals of the dragon fire lotus slowly closed!

"Break!"

The closed fire lotus was like a bullet, and it directly collided with the Five Elements Millstone.

It was like two holy objects colliding. Everyone looked up from below.

"Buzz!"

The moment the Dragon Fire Lotus collided with the five elements grinding mill, the five elements grinding mill trembled and flew backward at a terrifying speed.

"The Dragon God has the upper hand this time!"

"The Divine Kingdom is the source of the power of a god. It's already extremely powerful. Moreover, the item that the dragon God used to create the divine kingdom is also a supreme treasure between heaven and earth. That's why it's so powerful!"

Some of the powerhouses whispered when they saw this scene.

All the members of the Drakonid Empire and the dragon race heaved a heavy sigh of relief!

"What a powerful divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian was also slightly shocked.

The strength of each divine kingdom was different. A powerful divine kingdom could completely suppress the same level.

It could even cause a god to fight against a higher level!

The Divine Kingdom of the Dragon God was obviously extraordinary!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"The Dragon Fire Lotus is the largest volcano in the transcendence continent. It contains countless fire spirit pearls and countless precious materials. Today, I will let you experience it. As a god, it is the most powerful means!"

"Attack from the Divine Kingdom!"

The Dragon God roared excitedly. He sat on the closed Dragon Fire Lotus and charged directly at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian's expression did not change. He stared at the yin-yang polar diagram in front of him and shouted, "Tai chi, Defend!"

Buzz

The yin-yang polar diagram rotated slowly and charged towards the Dragon Fire Lotus!

Crack! Crack! Crack

When the Dragon Fire Lotus collided with the yin-yang polar diagram, the momentum of the collision obviously stopped!

However, the spinning tai chi slowly stopped and started to crumble.

"Roar!"

The Light and Darkness Dragons revealed their terrified figures and flew towards Wang Xian.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"The power of the divine kingdom is not something a mortal like you can match up to!"

Upon seeing this scene, the Dragon God's ferocious face revealed an excited expression as he roared loudly.

Below, when everyone saw the Dragon God who had the upper hand, their hearts tightened slightly!

"Kill the Dragon King! Kill that bastard!"

"Kill him! Anyone who stands in our way must die!"

The experts of the Dragon Race and the dragon-man Empire roared with murderous intent.

However, when they finished their roars, many cold gazes were fixed on them.

In the direction of the Dragon Palace, all the members of the Dragon Palace glanced at the members of the Dragon Race and the dragon-man Empire with murderous intent!

"A bunch of animals! After the Dragon God kills Your Dragon King, all of you will enjoy the pain of being burned for ten thousand years! hahaha!"

A fire dragon elder of the Dragon Clan roared angrily.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

However, as soon as the Fire Dragon Elder finished his words, Prime Minister Gui's cold voice sounded!