Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1801: On the summit of the 1801 continent, Dragon King vs Dragon God 4

"All Disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

"Ha!"

With Prime Minister Gui's order, all the members of the Dragon Palace shouted and raised their weapons!

All the members of the Dragon Palace quickly got into battle formation!

Their eyes were full of fighting spirit as they stared at the Dragon clan and all the people of the Drakonid Empire.

Seeing this, all the people of the Dragon Clan and the Drakonid Empire were stunned for a moment. Then, waves of brutal aura rushed over from the Dragon Clan.

"Roar, Roar, Roar, the 20,000 members of the Little Dragon Palace dare to be enemies with the Dragon Clan!"

"All the dragon clan disciples, Get Ready!"

The experts of the Dragon clan were also extremely brutal. Only about 20,000 members of the Dragon Clan wanted to fight with the 300,000 members of the Dragon Clan?

So what if the dragon clan blocked their attack and destroyed the 100,000 members of the Water Dragon Clan!

However, it was obvious that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was too powerful!

Moreover, they learned from the first elder of the Water Dragon clan the basic strength of some members of the Dragon Palace.

Although they were very powerful, how could they be their opponents?

The Water Dragon clan was the weakest existence in the Dragon Clan!

"All the soldiers of the drakonid empire, anyone who dares to provoke the Dragon Clan Must Die!"

The son of the dragon, the Dragon Emperor, shouted and ordered all the soldiers.

"Kill!"

All the soldiers roared and raised their weapons.

"Members of the Dragon Palace, Attack!"

Seeing the members of the Dragon Clan and the Drakonid Empire, Prime Minister Gui's face turned cold.

He waved his hand and gave the order to attack!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!"

The moment the order was given, the Fire Phoenix Dragon Roared.

Following that, arrows shot toward the center of the Dragon Race and the dragon-man Empire at a terrifying speed!

After killing most of the sea beasts in the extraordinary sea, the Dragon Palace's strength had reached a shocking level.

What did it mean to be at least at the ninth level of the extraordinary realm? It could fight or even kill a half-step wanshou expert!

It was equivalent to the Dragon King level of the Dragon Clan!

Among them, 14,000 to 15,000 had the combat strength of the Wanshou level.

Among the 1,500 members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, more than 1,000 had the combat strength of the Wanshou level.

At present, the entire Dragon clan only had more than 3,000 wanshou experts!

Every single arrow from Mou Zesen's group contained a terrifying power.

When the arrows arrived, the dragon race and all the members of the DRAKONID Empire were stunned!

"Defend!"

The Dragon Emperor immediately roared and faced the arrows!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying explosion sounded and the terrifying shockwaves spread in all directions.

"What a terrifying arrow!"

The Dragon Emperor's pupils contracted as he looked at the terrifying arrow.

The Arrows released by more than 1,000 members of the Dragon Palace had caused more than 1,000 dragon emperors of the Dragon clan to defend themselves!

This strength...

"Hiss, what a powerful shockwave. Let's retreat, let's Retreat!"

"This... The Dragon Palace's strength is terrifying. Retreat from this area!"

The moment the battle between the Dragon Palace and the Drakonid Empire broke out, everyone felt the terrifying shockwave and quickly fled into the distance.

In an instant, the entire Aotian Mountain Peak was in chaos!

"Kill, Roar!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Just as the Drakonid Empire and the Dragon clan were shocked by the terrifying arrow, the Berserk Devil Battle Division members rode on their fire Phoenix Dragon Mounts and rushed over.

The Thunder Division, the Starwood Combat Division, and the Dragon Guard followed closely behind and attacked them.

"Counterattack and kill all the beasts of the Dragon Palace!"

"Let them see how powerful our Dragon Clan is!"

Seeing the members of the Dragon Palace attacking them, the Dragon Emperors of the Dragon Clan roared loudly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The roars of over 300,000 dragons rang out instantly, and the whole world was filled with the roars of dragons!

"Ring, Ring, Ring!"

At this moment, special sound waves rang out one after another, and raindrops appeared out of thin air within a radius of 100 kilometers.

Countless raindrops fell towards the entire battlefield.

The sound accompanied the raindrops, and when they landed on the bodies of the dragons and the members of the Drakonid Empire, everyone's bodies stiffened slightly.

Even those dragon emperors felt as if there was an additional shackle on their bodies out of thin air!

As for those below the longevity realm, the expressions of all the members of the Dragon Clan and the powerhouses of the DRAKONID Empire changed drastically.

"Ahhhhh!"

However, in just two seconds, the miserable screams of the peak of the extraordinary realm and the profound void realm experts rang out one after another.

"Be careful of these raindrops, they have powerful corrosive and poisonous properties!"

"Fire Dragon Roar!"

The sudden change caused the expressions of almost 80% of the members of the Drakonid Empire and the Dragon Clan to change drastically!

"Hehehe, we're still the stronger ones. Ao qitian, Ao Qi, and the others are all boors!"

At the back, Ba Qi patted the dolphin leader beside him and said with a faint smile!

"The toxins you've studied are only effective against them. It's useless against AO Qitian or the Demon War Department!"

The dolphin leader, who was pink all over, said indifferently, causing Ba Qi to choke slightly!

"This... This is just the start of the battle, and the Dragon Race and the Dragon Empire have already suffered heavy losses. How can the Dragon Palace be so terrifying!"

"The Dragon Palace is not only powerful because of the Dragon King, but the members are also terrifying. Feel that aura, it seems like none of them is below level 9 of the profound void Martial Stage!"

"Oh my God, how can the aura of the members of the Dragon Palace be so terrifying!"

All the human and demon beasts hiding in the surroundings were shocked.

The weird sound and Raindrops had killed half of the weak members of the Dragon Clan and the Drakonid Empire!

90% of the millions of troops of the Drakonid Empire were killed instantly!

"Roar, eat my rod!"

"Lightning Dragons wreak havoc!"

"Return, heartless sword!"

At this moment, violent, savage, and cold emotionless voices sounded!

The devil monkeys holding metal rods, the divine lightning prawns holding lightning hammers and spears, and the icy-cold Dragon Guards holding metal swords!

One attack after another shot forward.

In the sky, vines seemed to come from the ninth heaven as they lashed out at the Dragon tribe members!

The incomparably terrifying attacks caused all the members of the Dragon Clan and the Dragonman Empire to be stupefied!

The sound waves that strangely suppressed their strength, as well as the raindrops that carried a powerful poison that could cause even the profound void martial experts to fall, had already caused them to be stupefied.

When the Dragon Palace's Demon Battle Division, Dragon Guard, Thunder Division, Starwood Battle Division, and the group of mounts launched every attack, they were completely shocked.

They sensed that 70% of these attacks could threaten the longevity level experts!

What was going on? There were more than 10,000 longevity level experts among them!

However, the Dragon Clan and the Dragon Empire only had more than 3,000 combined!

That was a fraction of the Dragon Palace!