Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1802: At the peak of the 1802 continent, Dragon King vs Dragon God 5

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying energy attack poured out towards the members of the Dragon Clan and the Dragonman Empire.

What was the concept of more than 10,000 longevity experts attacking at the same time?

This was like a violent energy tide that blotted out the sky and covered the earth.

Faced with this terrifying attack, the remaining experts of the Dragon clan and the Dragonman Empire widened their eyes, filled with shock.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Elders, make your move. We will hold them off. Kill them, kill them!"

The first elder of the Water Dragon Clan roared ferociously as water spirit pearls floated around him.

A sky screen directly blocked the front.

"Block!"

The first elder of the Fire Dragon Clan and the first elder of the Wind Dragon Clan roared in anger as well!

A huge wind shield floated behind the sky screen, followed closely by an incomparably huge flame shield that flew towards the back of the wind shield!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

Countless energies smashed down, and the blue sky slowly collapsed. The wind shield slowly cracked, and when it reached the flame shield, it melted instantly!

"The three of US killed the experts of the Dragon Palace!"

The first elder of the Fire Dragon Clan felt his heart tremble when he saw that only two of his defenses were able to block the attacks of the experts of the Dragon Palace.

After all, the three of them were at the peak of the ninth rank of the longevity realm.

Two of the defenses released by the three rank nine longevity experts were broken by the Dragon Palace. One could imagine how terrifying the members of the Dragon Palace were!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

"Experts of the Dragon Clan, your opponent is me!"

At this moment, Feng Luan, who was standing next to the members of the Dragon Palace, let out a phoenix cry.

A fiery red phoenix circled around her. She moved and flew directly toward the three first elders of the Dragon Clan.

Boom

At the same time, Feng Luan's body began to transform into a fire Phoenix!

The thousand-meter-wide fire phoenix was surrounded by specks of flames.

These flames were like the divine flames of the Dragon God, emitting light.

"What? What a terrifying aura!"

"Half-step divine realm!"

Sensing the aura from Feng Luan, the three first elders of the Dragon clan narrowed their eyes and their expressions changed drastically.

Half-step divine realm. The Dragon God of their dragon clan and the great great elder were all half-step divine realm experts. They knew how powerful half-step divine realm experts were!

"My God, the Empress actually has the strength of a half-step divine realm expert!"

"My God, the dragon and Phoenix Empress has such terrifying strength. The members of the Dragon Palace are also abnormally powerful. The Dragon Clan has no chance to resist at all!"

The surrounding people were all shocked when they saw this scene.

The strength of the Dragon Palace almost caused the dragon clan to be defeated in an instant!

The Empress'terror and the dignity of a half-step God realm was even more obvious!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

At this moment, Feng Luan roared and three balls of Nirvana fire attacked the three first elders of the Dragon Clan!

"Continue to attack! Kill!"

Below, all the members of the Dragon Palace exploded into a second round of attacks!

"Oh no!"

"No, no, how can a dragon palace be so powerful!"

"Lord Dragon God, save us!"

When the three great elders of the Dragon clan were locked onto by Feng Luan, the rest of the Dragon Clan's experts revealed terrified expressions.

Especially in the dragon-man Empire, all the experts almost wet their pants in fear!

More than 300,000 Dragon Race's powerhouses, in addition to the strength of their Drakonid Empire, were completely crushed!

How many people could withstand the attack of at least half a step into the longevity realm?

Terrified voices came from their mouths. Some of the Dragons and Drakonids pleaded for help to the Dragon God in the sky.

"Eh?"

The Dragon God who was fighting with Wang Xian in the sky frowned slightly when he heard the terrified voices coming from below.

His eyes swept down and his face darkened!

"A bunch of trash!"

Anger appeared in the eyes of the Dragon God. The closed Dragon Fire Lotus was aimed at the experts of the Dragon Palace below!

"Dragon God, how dare you be distracted when you are fighting with me!"

Wang Xian's eyes swept down and a hint of coldness flashed across his eyes.

The five elements millstone spun and charged directly at the Dragon God!

"Get lost!"

The closed fire lotus of the dragon aimed at Wang Xian. A torrent of flames rushed straight at Wang Xian.

"Yin-yang five elements!"

Wang Xian swayed his huge body and spun around in the air!

The Five Elements Millstone was covered by the yin and yang poles and met the attack of the Dragon God directly!

Buzz

"Dragon Breath!"

Wang Xian hovered above the five elements millstone. He opened his dragon mouth slightly and shot out a ray of seven-colored divine light!

Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, Yin and yang, seven attributes, and seven divine colors!

"Damn it!"

The Dragon God who was completely restrained revealed a hint of anger.

He stared at the Dragon Fire Lotus with a hesitant expression!

"No, no, no!"

"Roar, Dragon God, save us!"

At this moment, there were continuous screams coming from below.

After Feng Luan made her move, the three rank nine elders of the Dragon Clan were pinned down!

The second round of attacks from the Dragon Palace arrived.

Without any members of the Xu Dragon Palace rushing over, another round of energy tide came!

Arrows, sharp swords, thorns, Devil Qi, and lightning!

When the attacks came, the dragon clan couldn't resist at all.

The difference in strength was too great!

How could the Dragon Clan defend against the ten thousand longevity-level warriors of the Dragon Palace?

Even if they had more than 300,000 Dragon clan members, they were still useless in front of the Dragon Palace!

"Gulp!"

"Completely crushed! Completely crushed!"

"How can the Dragon Palace rise so fast?"

Seeing the members of the Dragon Clan and the dragon-man Empire completely covered by the energy tide, everyone swallowed their saliva!

The Gap was too big!

They thought that the Dragon Palace only relied on one Dragon King!

It was easy for more than 300,000 experts of the Dragon clan to fight against 20,000 experts of the Dragon Palace!

However, they didn't expect that all the members of the Dragon Palace didn't make a move!

The 3,000 or so members of the earth-yellow Saturn Turtle Dragon Palace stood there motionlessly!

The giant beasts of the Dragon Palace and the women of the Dragon Kings didn't move either!

The Empress and the Warriors of the Dragon Palace easily defeated more than 300,000 members of the Dragon Clan without any casualties!

They didn't have any ability to resist!

There was a huge gap in strength!

This scene was unimaginable for everyone on the transcendence continent!

"Lord Dragon God! Lord Dragon God! No!"

As the son of the dragon race, the Emperor of the Drakonid Empire, his face was heavily injured as he shouted in despair!

"Boom!"

An enormous ocean-pacifying divine needle landed on his head and instantly killed him!

"No!"

The three great elders of the dragon race and the rank eight experts of the dragon race who had been taken care of by Feng Luan also let out desperate roars.

Feng Luan had the strength to easily kill them. Facing her attack, they were quickly heavily injured.

In less than three minutes, more than 300,000 experts of the dragon race had all died! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Not to mention the Dragonman Empire, not a single one was left!

This time, because the god of the dragon race was about to become a god, all the members of the Dragon Race had arrived.

In other words, only one dragon god of the dragon race was still alive!