Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1803: On the peak of the 1803 continent, the king of transcendents

"This... this... the dragon race, the Dragon Race..."

"They're dead. They were all killed by the two rounds of attacks from the Dragon Palace. Oh My God, there are over 300,000 dragon race experts!"

"Hiss, does this mean that the dragon race has been completely annihilated?"

Everyone around was shocked when they saw the death of the dragon race experts.

Apart from the one and only Dragon God, the rest of the powerful and invincible Dragon Clan had all died!

This was a devastating blow!

Even if the Dragon God could defeat the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King today, it was hard to say whether the Dragon Clan would be able to recover in the next tens of thousands of years!

This time, the Dragon clan was completely defeated!

"Roar Roar Roar, Dragon King, Dragon Palace, all of You Must Die!"

When the Dragon God saw that all the members of the Dragon Clan had been killed in a short period of time, a violent expression appeared on his face.

A violent aura came from his body, and the entire sky seemed to shake because of his anger!

The Sky and Earth changed!

"Dragon Fire Lotus, Bloom. Today, all living creatures must die, all of them!"

The Dragon God raised his head and let out an extremely angry roar. A brutal murderous aura instantly filled an area of more than 10,000 kilometers.

Everyone felt their breathing stop. It was as if someone was holding their neck. Their breathing stopped!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw the Blooming Dragon Fire Lotus again. A solemn expression appeared on his face.

"Hahaha, all of you have completely angered me. Today, all living creatures will be buried with US Dragons!"

The Dragon God stared at Wang Xian with his slightly red eyes.

He was floating in the middle of the Dragon Fire Lotus. The divine fire above his head was emitting a mystical radiance.

The radiance covered an area of over 10,000 kilometers!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Buzz!"

The Dragon God raised his head and roared. The twelve petals of the dragon fire lotus divine kingdom were emitting an extremely bright fire radiance.

The fire radiance shot into the sky. The entire sky actually reflected the virtual image of the Dragon Fire Lotus Divine Kingdom!

"Dragon's Fire Lotus, the wrath of God!"

"Dragon King, prepare to die. All of you ants, bear the wrath of God!"

The image of the Dragon's fire lotus divine kingdom in the sky slowly rotated, covering an area of more than 10,000 kilometers!

"What's going on? The image of a fire lotus actually appeared in the sky. My God, what kind of attack is this from the Dragon God!"

"This... Such a terrifying area. It's like the end of the world!"

Everyone's expressions changed when they felt the pressure coming from the sky.

Even the members of the Dragon Palace were filled with fear.

Buzz

The next moment, the Dragon Fire Lotus in the sky started to spin, and every petal of the fire lotus started to emit divine light!

This scene was extremely beautiful!

But after the beauty, it brought destruction!

The Sky Shook and was taken over by the Dragon's Fire Lotus!

This piece of sky belonged to the Dragon God's divine kingdom's domain!

Following that, within the Dragon's fire lotus divine kingdom's domain, endless flames descended from the sky.

Endless Flames, each of which was at least a thousand meters in size, descended from the sky without any blind spots.

God's strike! World-extinguishing fire lotus!

"My... My God!"

"No, no..."

At this moment, everyone looked up at the sky as their bodies trembled violently!

Some of them even knelt on the ground in fear!

World-extinguishing strike!

"I have to say, Dragon God, your divine kingdom is very strong. Coincidentally, I want to try my divine kingdom's Phantom Image Too!"

Wang Xian looked at the scene in the sky and was slightly shocked.

He focused his gaze and stared at the Dragon God coldly!

"Roar Roar, Dragon King, I didn't want to unleash this move. However, if you dare to destroy all the disciples of my Dragon Race, Don't blame me!"

"Today, you will die!"

The Dragon God roared at Wang Xian furiously.

This move was his strongest attack. It affected an area of over 10,000 kilometers and could carry out a continuous attack for up to 10 minutes.

This move could easily destroy an empire!

It could easily slaughter hundreds of millions of lives!

The attack that had no blind spots would affect his dragon clan disciples, so he hadn't released it.

Now that all the members of the Dragon Clan had been destroyed, he was completely enraged!

The Wrath of a God could destroy the world!

The vast attack and unrivaled power covered an area of over 10,000 kilometers with no blind spots.

Looking at this scene, everyone within a radius of 10,000 kilometers was filled with horror and despair!

"Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom!"

Wang Xian looked at this terrifying attack and his body trembled. He unleashed his last trump card!

He roared loudly and the void trembled!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a vast dragon's roar appeared out of thin air.

The shadow of a Dragon Palace gradually condensed, and the gigantic dragon throne supported Wang Xian.

He sat on the Dragon Throne, and the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom appeared around him.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The five elements grinding mill flew into the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom quickly and transformed into a backbone!

Yin-yang tai chi appeared in a flash and merged into the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom, turning into flesh and blood!

The location of Wang Xian's heart emitted a hint of vitality, and the light shadow of the ancestral tree flashed past!

Very soon, a seemingly corporeal dragon palace appeared around Wang Xian!

The Kingdom of God was not very big. It was only about 25 kilometers in circumference.

Wang Xian sat cross-legged on the dragon and was filled with endless majesty!

"Eh?"

The Dragon God was slightly shocked when he saw the dragon palace that suddenly condensed around Wang Xian. However, when he saw that it was only 50 meters in size, his eyes were filled with coldness!

"Dragon Fire Lotus, wrath of God, attack me!"

The Dragon God crouched in the middle of the Dragon Fire Lotus and shot out a stream of flames.

At the center of the Dragon Fire Lotus Phantom in the sky, a pillar of divine flames with a diameter of 50 kilometers descended from the sky and attacked Wang Xian directly.

The pillar of divine flames with a radius of 50 kilometers almost penetrated the space in the sky. It was so terrifying!

"Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom, Roar of the Seven Divine Dragons!"

Wang Xian looked at the extremely terrifying attack in the sky. He raised his head slightly and roared as he sat on the dragon throne.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Roars came from the entire Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom. In the Dragon Palace, Divine Dragons emerged one after another!

Metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light, and darkness. Seven divine abilities flew out from the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom.

Each divine dragon stared at the vast image of the dragon's fire lotus above them and charged forward.

While flying, the seven divine dragons grew in size at a terrifying speed!

In the end, each divine dragon reached a terrifying size of a few hundred kilometers! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Roar!"

The water divine dragon in the middle opened its gigantic mouth and spat out a water pillar to meet the fire pillar within a radius of fifty kilometers!

Seven Dragons breaking the sky!

When the seven dragons rushed into the sky, the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom around Wang Xian dimmed!

The few divine dragons had almost exhausted all the energy in the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom!

"Hiss, this attack from the Dragon King is so terrifying!"

"Seven dragons rising to the sky and attacking the world-extinguishing fire Lotus!"

"The final collision. After this attack, I'm afraid the victor will be determined. If the Dragon King can't withstand it, we might all die!"

Seeing the seven divine dragons that were 100 kilometers long heading towards the world-extinguishing fire lotus in the sky, everyone was extremely nervous.

The final attack!