Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1804: At the peak of the 1804 continent, among the extraordinary kings

Countless people within a radius of 10,000 kilometers raised their heads and looked up.

The Dragon King's attack determined their fate!

If the Dragon King failed, they might be directly destroyed by the Dragon God!

Even all the members of the Dragon Palace, as well as the group of girls, were staring at the attack from above with worried expressions!

"Eh?"

When the Dragon God saw the seven divine dragons charging towards the Dragon Fire Lotus divine kingdom, his pupils constricted.

Each of the seven divine dragons had different attributes, and their bodies covered a radius of 100 kilometers.

Although they looked small under his world-extinguishing fire lotus, they still shocked him!

"Roar!"

In the center, the Water God Dragon shot out a water column, directly meeting the fire column within a 50-kilometer radius.

He raised his head, pointed his dragon mouth at the sky, and rushed straight up.

"Bzzz bzzz!"

When the water god Dragon collided with the world-extinguishing fire column that fell from the sky, the sound of water and fire melting rang out!

The water god Dragon's flying body paused slightly, but soon after, the water god Dragon swayed his body and slowly rushed up.

Although his speed was only one-tenth of what it was before, the fire pillar was gradually shrinking under the water god Dragon's Attack!

"With just these seven attribute beasts, you want to break the strongest attack of my divine kingdom? Dream On!"

"World-destroying pillar!"

The Dragon God's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene. The divine fire above his head flourished, and rays of divine light covered the dragon's fire lotus divine kingdom below him.

"Boom!"

In an instant, when the power of the divine light landed on the divine kingdom, the twelve fire lotus petals in the sky, which were millions of kilometers away, once again released even more powerful flames.

The world-extinguishing fire pillar in the middle once again expanded to an area of ten kilometers!

The fire pillar rapidly charged, burning all the water pillars and landing in the mouth of the Water Dragon!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However, at this moment, the six divine dragons in the surroundings let out roars!

Gold, Wood, fire, earth, and darkness shone. The six divine dragons simultaneously let out powerful dragon breaths and attacked the dragon's Fire Lotus Divine Kingdom Phantom in the sky.

The flames that fell from the sky were immediately destroyed by the six gigantic dragon breaths.

Looking from afar, the six divine dragons of all colors were emitting a mystical light as they let out terrifying attacks from their mouths!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Dragon Breath of the six attributes landed on the projection of the Dragon's fire lotus and immediately broke through a huge hole!

When the sunlight shone in, everyone had an illusion!

A hole had been broken in the sky!

It was precisely because of this that the divine kingdom had taken over this piece of sky. The six divine dragons had broken through this piece of sky!

"What?"

When the Dragon God saw the few huge holes in the sky, his expression changed slightly. He flapped his wings and spat out a mouthful of scorching flames towards the dragon's Fire Lotus Divine Kingdom!

Sky-mending!

"Huh? Do you still want to control it?"

Wang Xian saw him mending the holes in the sky. His pair of dragon eyes looked at the Dragon God with a cold glint in them.

"Roar Roar, die!"

He growled and pounced towards the Dragon God.

"Roar Roar, damn it!"

When the Dragon God saw Wang Xian flying over, a hint of fear appeared in his eyes. He moved his body and flew into the sky, trying to dodge his attack!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When he saw the Dragon God's fearful expression, the coldness in Wang Xian's eyes intensified!

Dragon Kingdom in his palm!

Dragon body of ten thousand miles!

Dragon head of the world!

Dragon tail swishing!

He let out a low roar and his entire body immediately transformed into a radius of fifty kilometers.

He ignored the Dragon God who had escaped into the sky and attacked the Dragon Fire Lotus with his dragon claws.

"Boom!"

A huge force landed on the Dragon Fire Lotus, causing the entire Dragon Fire Lotus Country to roar!

The country trembled violently.

At the same time, the image of the Dragon Fire Lotus Country in the sky also started to tremble.

The space trembled, and the countless flames that fell from the sky dimmed instantly. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The six divine dragons in the surroundings charged up and directly charged at the image of the Dragon Fire Lotus Country.

"Bang!"

The Golden and Earth Divine Dragons swept out with their enormous dragon tails, and a terrifying collision sounded once again.

A huge hole appeared in the sky again!

"Roar Roar!"

The other four divine dragons waved their dragon claws, wreaking havoc in the sky.

The Dragon's fire lotus divine kingdom was slowly torn apart, and holes that were hundreds of kilometers in size appeared!

"No, Dragon King, I'm going to kill you!"

Seeing that the divine kingdom in the sky was being torn apart one by one, the dragon God revealed an anxious expression.

He swayed his huge body and charged toward Wang Xian, who was attacking the Dragon's fire lotus.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at the Dragon God with his majestic dragon head. His gigantic dragon tail swept across at a terrifying speed.

Boom

The Dragon God's dragon wings flickered with a golden luster. He did not show any signs of weakness as he slashed at the dragon tail.

With a loud bang, the collision of their physical bodies caused the surrounding space to tremble!

The Dragon God's body flew backward into the sky at a terrifying speed.

Roar

Wang Xian swayed his gigantic body and chased after him. Two gigantic dragon claws clawed at his body!

"I am a god. How can I not be a match for a mortal? I don't believe it!"

"With my godly body, Burn!"

The Dragon God had a ferocious look on his face. His mouth was filled with blood as he roared crazily.

The divine fire above his head was slowly burning towards the direction of the Dragon Wings!

He burned his dragon body in exchange for an even more terrifying attack.

At this moment, the Dragon God was a little crazy.

Today was the day he became a god, the day he looked down on all living things from above.

However, not long after he became a god, a dragon king appeared and completely suppressed him.

In fact, the other party hadn't even ignited the divine fire yet!

How could he not be satisfied? How could he not be angry!

He, the dignified dragon God, was actually not a match for an ordinary Dragon King!

No!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The burning of his wings gave him a terrifying strength. When he spread his dragon wings and flew over, the air was torn apart!

In this world, he seemed to be the center!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian held his attention and slowly raised his dragon claws. He met the Dragon King directly at a speed that was no slower than his opponent's!

"Boom!"

Wang Xian's dragon claws collided with the Dragon God's dragon wings.

An incomparably hot pain was felt. The dragon scales on the dragon claws began to melt under the Dragon God's Attack!

However, the Dragon God was not feeling well either. The burning dragon wings represented the consumption of his own flesh and blood.

Even if he was a god, it would take some time for him to fully recover!

"Roar! Die!"

Wang Xian felt the heavy injuries on the dragon claws. He lowered his head slightly and the dragon head headed straight for him.

That majestic and noble dragon horn displayed its sharpness for the first time!

"Bang!"

The Dragon Horn struck his chest heavily!

Faced with such a powerful force, the body of the Dragon God flew backward once again!

"Divine Dragon, swing your tail!"

Wang Xian let out an angry roar. The dragon tail, which was as tall as a mountain, landed on the body of the dragon God abruptly.

The divine fire on the head of the Dragon God dimmed instantly. His body landed heavily on the ground!