Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1805: At the peak of the 1805 continent, below the transcendent king

"Boom!"

A muffled sound of a collision resounded through the sky above the peak of the Lofty Heaven Mountain.

Following that, everyone saw the Dragon God's body falling downwards at a terrifying speed!

"Hiss, the Dragon God is about to be defeated. The Dragon God is about to be defeated by the Dragon King!"

"Oh my God, this is a true defeat. This is a god, the only true God of our transcendent continent!"

"Look at the fire lotus in the sky, it's about to be pierced through by the Six Divine Dragons!"

When the crowd saw the falling dragon god, they were shocked.

"Boom!"

Just as everyone was staring with their eyes wide open, the Dragon God's body crashed into a mountain on the peak of the Lofty Heaven Mountain.

He spread his wings and his body, which was two to three thousand meters long, crashed into the mountain. His indestructible body caused the entire mountain to slowly crack.

"Rumble!"

Slowly, the tallest mountain on the transcendental continent fell to the ground.

The Dragon God's body sank deep into the mountain.

"Roar!"

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

At this moment, the water god Dragon's body was resisting the fire pillar in the sky and slowly flew to the top.

The other six divine dragons were wreaking havoc on the Dragon Fire Lotus Phantom. The sun shone into the land again and the Phantom of the Dragon Fire Lotus Divine Kingdom slowly collapsed!

Floating in the sky, the Dragon Fire Lotus within a 50-kilometer radius fell toward the ground.

The divine kingdom that had just been raised high not long ago fell toward the ground.

The fall of the divine kingdom seemed to represent the fall of the Dragon God!

"Roar!"

Seeing the Phantom of the Dragon Fire Lotus Divine Kingdom completely collapse, the seven divine dragons roared and flew toward the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom.

Buzz

When the seven Divine Dragons entered the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom, the virtual image of the entire Dragon Palace slowly solidified again.

The Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom moved and flew directly towards Wang Xian's position.

"Victory!"

Wang Xian looked at the Dragon God who had knocked down the peak of the aotian mountain and heaved a sigh of relief in his heart.

After all, his opponent was a true God. It was not easy to defeat him!

His body moved and transformed into a human form, sitting on the Dragon Throne of the Divine Shadow Dragon Palace!

The Divine Shadow Dragon Palace flew towards the collapsed mountain peak, looking down at the Dragon God from above.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

At this moment, the miserable Dragon God, covered in blood, shook his body unwillingly.

He coughed a few times and blood kept flowing out of his mouth.

Only the skeleton of his two dragon wings was left. The spot on his stomach had completely caved in.

"Dragon God, what else do you have to say before you die?"

Wang Xian sat in the divine kingdom and looked down at him from above. He asked faintly.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

Such an arrogant and invincible posture made the Dragon God feel that his chest had stagnated. He opened his mouth and spat out fresh blood!

"I am a true God. I will not fall. I will never fall!"

The Dragon God stared at Wang Xian with bloodshot eyes as he growled softly.

"Even gods will fall!"

Wang Xian shook his head mockingly. With a thought, a gigantic dragon head emerged from the sky above the kingdom of Shenying.

The dragon head was filled with a violent murderous aura. The dragon head that was five to six thousand meters in size opened its gigantic mouth and swallowed the Dragon God.

"No!"

The Dragon God saw the dragon mouth that was about to devour him and felt the threat of death. He let out a desperate roar.

However, at this moment, no one could save him, and no one could save him!

The huge dragon mouth swallowed the dragon God into its stomach.

"Roar!"

The dragon head let out an excited roar and shrank back into the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom!

"Ding! Host has swallowed a wisp of divine fire creature. Obtained 500,000 divine crystals!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for increasing your level. You have reached level seven of longevity!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level seven of longevity (fourth change of Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 35,421/200,000,000

Supernatural ability: ruling over the water tribe (ruling over the water tribe that is lower than your own level)

Devour living things (devour living things to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Domain: Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom

Dragon Palace owned: Level 5.

Dragon Palace members: 23,433

After the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom completely devoured the Dragon God, the energy was immediately transferred back to Wang Xian's body.

The energy of a god immediately increased Wang Xian's level.

The Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom behind him had a radius of 100 kilometers. Wang Xian's body was instantly filled with a destructive power!

He closed his eyes slightly and adjusted to the sudden increase in his strength. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"Hiss!"

At this moment, when everyone below saw Wang Xian devouring the Dragon God directly, they were all shocked!

"He has killed a god! The Dragon King has killed a god!"

"Oh my God, the Dragon King is simply too strong! Too Strong!"

Everyone was discussing in shock as their bodies trembled!

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, the Dragon Fire Lotus that had fallen to the ground slowly cracked open. The Divine Kingdom had collapsed!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

A wailing sound appeared out of nowhere in the sky that was more than 10,000 kilometers in circumference!

The birth of a god, the heavens and earth congratulated!

The fall of a god, the wailing of the heavens and earth!

The power of a God could trigger the phenomena of the heavens and earth, and could move the heavens and earth!

When everyone heard the wailing of the heavens and earth, they felt a sense of sadness.

However, very quickly, everyone's faces revealed a trace of excitement and excitement!

The dragon race had been exterminated, and the Dragon God had died. This was a huge good thing for all the humans on the transcendence continent!

Especially for the citizens of the Aoshan Empire. If the Dragon God was still alive, they would be reduced to slaves, living like ants for generations!

"The Dragon King is invincible, the peak of the continent, the king of Transcendence!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out, and everyone's gaze once again turned to look at the Dragon King sitting upright within the Divine Shadow Dragon Country!

His majestic body was emitting a divine glow!

It was an unrivaled power that could cause the fall of a God!

It was the Dragon King who had saved all of them!

"We pay our respects to the Dragon King!"

"At the top of the continent, the king of extraordinaries!"

"We pay our respects to the Dragon King!"

"At the top of the continent, the king of extraordinaries!"

At this moment, all the experts in the surrounding area immediately knelt down towards Wang Xian.

They knelt on the ground, prostrating themselves and sincerely worshiping Wang Xian as they shouted loudly!

At the peak of the continent, the king of transcendents!

An expert who could kill a god was qualified to be called the peak of the continent, the king of transcendents!

From today onwards, the Dragon King would be the legend of the entire transcendence continent!

At the same time, the Dragon King would also be the king of the entire transcendence continent, the strongest King!

The word 'Dragon King'would definitely be praised and praised in the entire transcendence continent today!

Greetings, the king of the transcendence continent, the Dragon King!

Wang Xian heard the earth-shattering shouts from below. He slowly opened his eyes and scanned his surroundings!