Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1806: In 1806, Feng Luan became the Emperor and the Dragon King of the ocean

Wang Xian landed in the divine kingdom and looked down at everyone below!

He looked down at the peak of the Ao Tian Mountain and everything in the center of the extraordinary mainland!

He was high and mighty!

For a full ten years, he had been in the extraordinary mainland for a full ten years. In these ten years, he stood at the peak of this world!

In these ten years, he had gone all out and met many powerful opponents!

Powerful mercenary groups, powerful empires, powerful sects, powerful empires, and powerful empires.

And today, he killed the overlord of the continent, the Dragon God of the Dragon Race!

A God who ignited the divine fire and lifted up the divine kingdom!

In the past ten years, scenes appeared in his mind in the blink of an eye!

Today, he finally looked down on this world and looked down on the entire planet.

"All beings, stand up!"

At the bottom, everyone was kneeling on the ground respectfully. Wang Xian didn't say anything, and they didn't dare to stand up either.

With Wang Xian's current strength and influence, one word could decide a person's life and death. One word could destroy an influence!

One word could make an influence rise.

God, a true God, a god that was high and inviolable!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

When everyone heard Wang Xian's words, they shouted loudly. One by one, they stood up slowly and looked up with respect.

Wang Xian's figure moved and the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom behind him disappeared. He floated in the sky and looked at the girls in Phoenix Pass and Shuqing!

"Little Xian!"

The girls shouted and flew toward him one by one.

All the members of the Dragon Palace also flew behind him silently.

"Emperor Aoshan and Emperor Aoshan are dead. Feng Luan, you can take over the Aoshan Empire!"

Wang Xian looked at Feng Luan and said as he looked at the nine God Empire below.

Mo Sha and the experts of the nine God Empire were standing there.

"Mo Sha, leave the nine God Empire to Feng Luan. You can assist her in the future!"

He said directly to Mo Sha who was below. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Boss, can... Can I join the Dragon Palace, Boss?"

At this moment, Mo sha shouted at Wang Xian with a face full of anticipation.

Even though he had a rebellious personality, he was still extremely nervous at this moment.

To be able to follow boss, what was the use of being the Emperor of an empire?

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. Mo Sha's personality was similar to the Ba Qi. However, he could enter the poison manufacturing department.

"Thank you, Boss!"

Mo Sha looked excited and shouted loudly.

He immediately flew behind Wang Xian.

"Xiao Xian, you want me to control the entire transcendence continent?"

Feng Luan hesitated when she heard Wang Xian's words.

If she was allowed to control the entire transcendence continent, it meant that she would be the only empress in the entire transcendence continent!

She would be the empress of the entire transcendence continent!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. "You will be the empress of the transcendence continent and the Dragon Palace will control the ocean!"

"Sure!"

Feng Luan pondered for a moment before nodding her head!

"From today onwards, Empress Feng Luan will be the empress of the transcendence continent and the Dragon Palace will be the king of the ocean!"

Wang Xian floated in the sky and announced to everyone!

His voice spread throughout the entire central continent!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Everyone responded loudly without the slightest objection!

Furthermore, they were a little surprised that the Dragon King and the Empress were in control of the entire transcendence continent.

After all, this was the entire transcendence continent and they had actually given it to the Empress!

They could still accept the Empress's control in their hearts.

The Empress was a very good monarch on the transcendence continent!

Especially since they had witnessed the Empress's strength just now. She was at the half-step divine realm. In the entire transcendence continent, apart from the Dragon King, no one was her match!

"Let's go. We'll make a trip to the Sea of dragons. If nothing goes wrong, the Dragon Palace will be relocated to the Sea of Dragons!"

Wang Xian and the other girls said as they looked at Feng Luan!

"I need to take care of the land. I'll look for you guys when I'm Done!"

Feng Luan said to Wang Xian and the rest.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. With a wave of his arm, the Divine Kingdom of the Dragon God, the Dragon Fire Lotus, and all the corpses below flew towards him!

"Let's Go!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Woo Woo!"

The nine dragons roared while Xiao Lan also let out an excited sound.

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and flew towards the Sea of dragons.

Feng Luan looked at Wang Xian and the rest as they left. A soul-stirring smile appeared on her face.

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the Empress of Dragon and Phoenix will be the ruler of our extraordinary continent in the future!"

"This is a great thing for us humans. The Empress loves the people while the Dragon King only controls the sea!"

"The Dragon Palace is too powerful. Even after a few hundred thousand years, no faction will be able to reach the level of the Dragon Palace!"

Seeing the Dragon King and all the members of the Dragon Palace leave, everyone discussed in shock!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

At this moment, a phoenix cry came out of Feng Luan's mouth.

Everyone's heart trembled slightly as they looked at Feng Luan, their eyes filled with reverence!

"Greetings, Empress!"

...

"After exterminating the entire dragon clan, the more than 300,000 corpses of the Dragon Clan's powerhouses will be added to the resources in the Sea of dragons as well as the resources in the entire transcendence continent. The strength of the Dragon Palace will receive a terrifying increase!"

Wang Xian, who was flying in the sky, was full of smiles.

He was fiddling with a divine spark in his hand. It was the fire attribute divine spark of the Dragon God!

After digesting the corpses of the Dragon Clan, all the members of the Dragon Palace should have reached the realm of longevity.

In addition to the resources in the Sea of dragons, the Dragon Palace would receive another qualitative upgrade.

The members of the Dragon Palace flew quickly. Three days later, the Sea of dragons appeared in everyone's sight.

As the lair of the Dragon Clan, they occupied the place with the most abundant resources in the entire supernatural continent.

Just by entering this sea area, one could discover that the spiritual energy here was more abundant than other places.

"All members of the Dragon Clan, gather all the resources in the Sea of Dragons!"

Coming to the center of the Sea of dragons, Wang Xian ordered with his eyes glowing.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The eyes of the members of the Dragon Clan were also burning with excitement. This place had gathered the accumulated resources of the Dragon clan for hundreds of thousands of years. The resources inside were absolutely terrifying!

"Ding! Congratulations to the host for unifying the extraordinary continent and ocean. You have completed the mission of unifying the ocean of ten thousand worlds. The reward is a dragon seed, the Berserk Dragon!"

At this moment, the system's voice sounded. Wang Xian was slightly taken aback before a glint flashed across his eyes.

A dragon seed, the berserk dragon!

"Unifying the extraordinary continent and ocean this time actually rewarded the berserk dragon seed, the strongest dragon seed of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with excitement.

The berserk dragon seed, fire, darkness, and thunder had three attributes. It was not an exaggeration to say that the berserk dragon seed could fight three levels higher!

Even an ordinary divine dragon would not be a match for the berserk dragon seed!

"However, the berserk dragon seed is too powerful. With three attributes, it will be difficult to nurture a complete berserk dragon!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He decided to study it properly after returning to the Dragon Palace!