Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1807: The ancestral tree of the 1807 Dragon Clan’s treasure was mutated

Wang Xian floated in the sky and overlooked the entire sea of dragons!

Each mountain peak contained a large number of treasures!

With his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes, he could see that there were thousands of longevity-level spirit trees. One could imagine how terrifying the treasures of the Dragon Clan would be!

The group of girls entered the mountain peaks in high spirits and searched for all kinds of treasures as though they were lottery winners!

The Dragons liked shiny items, and so did the group of girls. From time to time, pleasant and pleasant voices could be heard.

Wang Xian floated on the sea and smiled. He looked at the center of the mountain!

"That mountain peak should be the Dragon God Valley, the place of this divine kingdom!"

He looked at the divine kingdom that was floating behind him and then looked at the Broken Mountain Peak in the center.

Wang Xian moved his body and flew directly towards the Broken Mountain Peak.

The strength of the Divine Kingdom of the Dragon God had completely exceeded Wang Xian's expectations.

After entering the ocean, he sized up the interior of the Broken Mountain Peak!

"What a huge volcano. This should be the largest volcano in the entire transcendence continent!"

Wang Xian entered and looked at the extremely spacious interior. His face was filled with astonishment.

The entire interior was like a flaming space. No wonder it could make the fire dragons of the dragon race so powerful.

It could allow the dragon race to produce an endless stream of half-step godly state experts!

It was all because of this volcano.

Inside the volcano, there were many fire spirits. At least 100,000 fire spirits were frolicking inside like fishes!

"Just these fire spirits are a rare treasure. To the fire hammer race of the Dragon Palace, this is a huge opportunity!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings.

"Reporting to Dragon King, a mysterious treasure has been found here!"

At this moment, a shout was heard.

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. His figure flashed and disappeared.

Buzz

His figure appeared near the periphery of the Sea of dragons. Beside him, a dragon guard was staring ahead with a face full of fear.

"Dragon King, look ahead. What is this?"

When the Dragon Guard saw Wang Xian, he pointed to the front and said with a face full of shock.

"The sea of thunder, the land of Death!"

He looked at the huge words on the stone tablet at the side, and his eyes were sparkling.

He looked into the Sea of dragons, and his eyes were filled with astonishment.

At the depth of more than 100,000 meters at the edge of the Sea of dragons, the space in front of him was extremely mystical.

A territory covered by lightning had an area of about 50 kilometers.

The power of the Lightning in front of them was emitting a power that made even Wang Xian's heart palpitate.

The Lightning was extremely strange. It shone brightly like branches!

From time to time, there would be lightning flowers blooming!

"That's right!"

His gaze focused as he stared at the center of the Lightning Territory!

A small tree, a one-meter-tall tree, and only one trunk!

Wang Xian realized that all the lightning came from this small tree!

He hesitated for a moment and reached his hand into the tree!

Crack! Crack

The moment Wang Xian reached his finger into the tree, a terrifying destructive force was emitted.

This caused Wang Xian's expression to change drastically!

Buzz

At this moment, a strong suction force was emitted from Wang Xian's heart. This stunned him instantly!

Following that, Wang Xian could feel the ancestral tree trembling! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"This? Is this another divine tree of the level of the soul-returning tree, eternal wood, and the Changshu Tree?"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with joy.

Wang Xian could be said to have witnessed the strength of the ancestral tree. It was able to absorb an eternal wood branch, a soul-returning tree branch, and the dying Changshu Tree. This allowed it to unleash its original terrifying ability!

Due to the existence of the ancestral tree, the Dragon Palace possessed the ability to revive from the dead.

It was because of the ancestral tree that the fire Phoenix Dragon Seed and Starwood Dragon Seed were born!

Just the name of the ancestor of all trees showed how extraordinary it was.

The incomparably violent lightning entered his heart and surged like energy.

At this moment, in the distant Dragon Palace, the ancestral tree was trembling as if it had encountered something that made it extremely excited.

The unceasing flow of energy caused it to emit a bright light.

The ancestral tree, which was originally only a few dozen meters in size, was growing at a terrifying speed!

The branches of the soul-returning wood, the endless branches of the tree, and the branches of the evergreen tree were also continuing to grow!

Wang Xian could feel the longing and excitement of the ancestral tree. He slowly closed his eyes and sensed the changes of the ancestral tree in the Dragon Palace!

At the bottom of the Sea of dragons, the mystical Nirvana Lightning Sea, which was once called the land of death by the Dragons and even the gods of the supernatural continent, was disappearing at a terrifying speed.

The Nirvana Lightning Tree, which was located in the middle of the Nirvana Lightning Sea, seemed to have been pulled by an invisible force and flew towards Wang Xian!

Buzz

The five-meter-long nirvana lightning tree flew in front of Wang Xian and directly sank into his heart!

Ding! "Congratulations, host, for obtaining the Nirvana Lightning Tree!"

At this moment, the system notification sounded.

"Another powerful divine tree!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. The Dragon Tribe's harvest this time was simply too great!

A divine tree was far more important than any other treasure.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian sensed that the ancestral tree in the Dragon Palace was growing rapidly.

In just a few minutes, it had grown to a size of a few hundred meters.

The Endless Wood, the soul-returning wood, the vichang tree, and the nirvana lightning tree actually bore fruit after fruit.

There were two fruits on each branch and they were emitting a magical glow!

"These fruits are?"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. He stared at the few fruits and his heart was burning with passion.

However, as he didn't see them with his own eyes, he didn't know the specific effects of the fruits!

"Shu Qing, Qing Yue, I will transfer the Dragon Palace Here!"

Wang Xian could not hold it in any longer. He shouted at the girls around him and disappeared in a flash!

With his current strength, he was comparable to a god who had ignited two wisps of divine fire. The distance of his teleportation could reach up to 20,000 kilometers!

Such speed was also the ability of a god to traverse the void.

When he arrived at the Dragon Palace, it only took him five to six minutes.

After entering the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian immediately came to the Dragon King's Hall.

The moment he entered the Dragon King's Hall, he saw the ancestral tree that was four to five hundred meters in size growing above the dragon throne.

There were eight fruits on the ancestral tree. Each of the fruits exuded divinity.

Sensing the energy of the eight fruits, Wang Xian took a deep breath and took out the Godhead of the Dragon God to take a look.

The energy in the fruits was no weaker than this godhead!

Eternal fire embryo: after consuming it, one will obtain the origin of fire!

Soul-returning embryo: after absorbing the souls of the dead, one can revive them!

Taking the ordinary embryo: improves one's comprehension and spirituality!

Nirvana lightning embryo: after consuming it, one will obtain the origin of lightning!

"Hiss!"

When Wang Xian saw the abilities of the fruits, he took a deep breath!

Heaven-defying, this was simply too heaven-defying!

Not to mention reviving from the dead, improving one's comprehension and spirituality!

Just by consuming the eternal fire embryo and the Nirvana Lightning embryo, one would be able to obtain the body of origin. These fruits could be called one of the most heaven-defying fruits in the universe!