Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1808: 1808 berserk dragon species

"I wonder how long it will take for these heaven-defying fruits to bear one!"

Wang Xian stared at these embryo fruits with burning eyes.

After his previous research, he realized that the embryo fruits had an extremely important use. It could replace the divine spark and allow the dragon clan's dragon species to evolve!

Now, there was only one true peak dragon species in the Dragon Clan, and that was ao Yao!

The thorned dragon seed was the most powerful dragon seed known to assassinate the Divine Dragon Clan!

The second was the Starwood Dragon Seed. The Starwood Dragon Seed evolved from the ancestral tree, and there was no record of such a dragon seed in the Divine Dragon Clan.

However, a dual-element dragon seed could definitely be called a peak dragon seed.

However, the fire element of the Starwood Dragon Seed was suppressed now. When they reached the divine realm, they would have a qualitative breakthrough and completely unleash the fire and wood elements!

The third element was the fire phoenix dragon species. The fire Phoenix Dragon species was obtained by the Dragon Palace because of the Phoenix Phoenix. Although it only had one element, it was only slightly weaker than the peak dragon species in terms of strength!

After that was the fire gold dragon species. The Fire Hammer clan was the strongest forged dragon species known to the Divine Dragon Clan. It was also a peak dragon species. However, if they wanted to reach the peak dragon species, they needed to fuse with the divine spark of the metal element!

The next dragon seed of the Dragon Palace was a very ordinary existence with a single attribute.

However, among the other dragon seeds, there was a special existence, the Dragon Guard!

The Dragon Guard was Ao Jian and the others who cultivated the heartless sword principle. Their strength could not be treated as ordinary dragon seeds.

According to the strength of the heartless sword principle, if Ao Jian and the others could cultivate the heartless sword principle, they would definitely not be weaker than the berserk dragon seed!

"Unifying the supernatural continent and obtaining the berserk dragon species from the dragon palace will allow the demon combat division to evolve into the berserk dragon species!"

The berserk dragon species required three attributes -- fire, darkness and lightning!

Ao Qitian belonged to the darkness attribute. By consuming the inexhaustible fire embryo and the nirvana lightning embryo, he could evolve into the berserk dragon species!

"I wonder what other treasures the Dragon Tribe has. Let's head over first!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and immediately controlled the Dragon Palace to move towards the location of the Sea of dragons.

A level five Dragon Palace did not have a long teleportation distance. It would take at least two days to get there.

If the Dragon Palace wanted to upgrade to level six, it would not be as easy as before! RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

In the past, it would only require some materials. But now, upgrading to level six required nine divine kingdoms with nine different attributes!

The difficulty of the upgrade had increased by more than ten times!

He could either forge the divine kingdoms himself, or he could plunder the divine sparks of other gods!

Wang Xian could even plunder the divine sparks of other gods with his strength, not to mention forging them himself.

However, where could there be any gods?

He was already an invincible existence in the entire transcendence continent!

Buzz

Two days later, Wang Xian moved the Dragon Palace into the Sea of dragons.

Around him, the members of the Dragon Palace had already plundered all the treasures in the Sea of dragons.

On a mountain peak located in the middle, behind the group of girls, there were all kinds of shiny gemstones!

Beside Them, Duan Jinming was forging all kinds of jewelry for them!

"Move all the treasures into the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian placed the Dragon Palace in the center and said to all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest responded immediately.

"Xiao Xian, look at these jewelry. My God, there are so many shiny gemstones in the entire dragon clan. It's simply too beautiful!"

The group of girls flew over excitedly and shouted with joy.

"Beautiful, beautiful!"

Wang Xian looked over with a smile on his face. His gaze swept across the group of girls.

Other than his beloved sister, the other eight girls, Guan Shuqing, who had been with him the longest, had been with him for more than ten years!

More than ten years of companionship had made it difficult for them to separate from each other!

"The transcendence continent has been unified. Next, we can tour the entire transcendence continent and bring you to eat all the delicious food and drinks on the entire continent!"

Wang Xian stroked the heads of the group of girls and said with a smile.

"Wow, that's Great!"

The group of girls were excited. In the entire transcendence continent, they had visited less than one-fifth of the places.

In this world, the Dragon King was already the king. They could be said to be existences like Queens who could tour the entire continent as they wished!

This was undoubtedly the happiest thing for the girls who loved shopping and eating!

"Brother, when are we leaving?"

Xiao Yu said excitedly.

"We will go out to play after we settle the matters in the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian pinched Xiao Yu's cheeks and was in a good mood.

They could play without worries for a period of time.

"Prime Minister Gui, use the resources we obtained this time to improve the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace. Also, call Ao Qitian over!"

Wang Xian held the hands of the group of girls and walked towards the Dragon King's palace. He transmitted his voice to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

"Dragon King, all the treasures have been placed in the treasury of the Dragon Palace. In addition, there are many longevity-grade spirit trees and spiritual herbs in the sea of dragon. We will expand the medicinal garden of the Dragon Palace and plant them. With the ancestral tree, we will have an endless supply of spiritual fruits in the future!"

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the Dragon King's Hall, Prime Minister Gui led AO Qitian over!

"Alright, we will plant some spiritual herbs and spiritual trees that have yet to mature!"

Wang Xian nodded. "You lead the members of the Dragon Palace to improve their strength. Qitian, come over here!"

Wang Xian instructed them and walked to the front of the Dragon Throne!

"Wow, how did the ancestral tree undergo such a huge change? It even grew fruits!"

The group of girls noticed the ancestral tree and were astonished.

The current ancestral tree was a few hundred meters in size. It stood at the back of the dragon throne and looked extremely mystical!

Wang Xian walked over and plucked the eternal fire embryo and the Nirvana Lightning embryo from it!

"Consume this!"

After passing the fruit to Ao Qitian, Wang Xian continued, "Let's go to the dragon transformation pool at the back!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao qitian nodded respectfully!

The current AO Qitian was less violent compared to when he first became a disciple of the Dragon Palace. He looked rather wise!

However, this was only on the surface. It was only because he had been taught by the civil officials of the Dragon Palace over the past ten years that he was filled with wisdom.

When it came to a real battle, he was still the same AO Qitian who fought against the Heaven and earth.

"Enter the Dragon Transformation Pool!"

When he came to the side of the Dragon Transformation Pool and saw ao qitian consuming two embryo fruits, Wang Xian said to him directly.

"Yes!"

Ao Qitian jumped straight into the dragon transformation pool!

"Evolution, berserk dragon seed!"

Wang Xian looked at the information in the Dragon Transformation Pool and directly upgraded AO qitian!

"Will it take a month?"

Looking at the time of the evolution, Wang Xian was not too surprised. He took out the information that Prime Minister Gui had just given him.

The information was all about the resources that he had obtained this time.

The dragon race had accumulated over hundreds of thousands of years. They had so many treasures that even Wang Xian felt a little terrifying!

"These resources can allow me to advance another level!"

Wang Xian was full of smiles!