Chapter 1809: 1809 new era: glorious and prosperous

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: longevity eighth rank (the fourth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 335421/100000000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's own level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Domain: Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom

Dragon Palace: Level 5.

Members of the Dragon Palace: 23,433

A month later, Wang Xian stood in the Dragon King Palace and looked at his attributes. His face was full of smiles.

"With the Sun, Moon, and stars in my hand, there is no one like me in this world!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Wang Xian grasped the strength in his hand. Recently, his level had increased the fastest.

After absorbing a large amount of resources from the Dragon Clan, his level had once again received a huge increase!

Level eight of longevity was very, very close to igniting the divine fire!

With his current strength, he was completely comparable to a god who had ignited three wisps of divine fire!

On this extraordinary continent, he dared to say that he was invincible!

"AO qitian's improvement should be over!"

He looked down at Ao Qitian's figure.

His twenty-meter-long violent body, fire, lightning, and darkness energy circulated around his body!

Whether it was fire, lightning, or darkness, they were all the more violent of the nine attributes!

When the three attributes merged together, how terrifying would the power be?

"Roar!"

A low roar came from the dragon transformation pool. Ao qitian, who was in a deep sleep, suddenly opened his eyes like an awakened demon.

Three Gouyu slowly appeared in his extremely pale pupils!

Fire, lightning, and darkness. Three Gouyu appeared in his eyes and were connected together.

These mysterious pupils looked extremely strange!

The three gouyu that were connected together also appeared on AO Qitian's chest.

An extremely violent aura came from his body.

"As expected of the strongest berserk dragon species in the dragon palace. According to the records of the Divine Dragon Clan, there were only twenty berserk dragon species at their peak!"

"Now, I have the Dragon Palace that has merged with the insect nest. I can give birth to a large number of berserk dragons. If I have enough fruits and godheads in the future, I can upgrade the Thunder tribe to a berserk dragon species!"

Wang Xian sensed the violent power in ao Qitian's body and thought to himself.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao Qitian who flew out from the Dragon Palace shrunk to two meters in size and knelt down before Wang Xian!

"Use all your strength to attack me!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he ordered AO qitian.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian nodded and clenched his fist!

"Crack! Crack!"

In an instant, an explosive sound was heard from his fist. The surrounding air began to explode!

"Bang!"

An attack with an endless destructive force was directed at him.

"Boom!"

Wang Xian raised his palm to block AO Qitian's attack. His face was filled with astonishment!

"The strength of level eight longevity is almost comparable to the ordinary attack of the Dragon God back then. His full-strength attack is comparable to a wisp of divine fire!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with shock!

Ao qitian, who was now at level eight longevity, could rival a god with his full-strength attack. It could be said that he was fighting against a god who was three levels above him!

"As expected of the dragon seed with the strongest attack power of the Divine Dragons!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with excitement. If Ao Qitian were to advance by one level, he would be able to easily slaughter the Dragon God back then!

The fruits on the ancestral tree could also be used to nurture a berserk dragon seed!

He hesitated for a moment but decided not to cultivate any more!

Those fruits were too precious. He had to determine how long it would take for the ancestral tree to produce one and then consider how to use it!

"Dragon King, Empress Feng Luan Is Here!"

At this moment, Lady Ao came to report!

"Alright, I got it!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and gestured to AO Qitian before flying into the Dragon King's Hall.

A month had passed. The Dragon Palace had absorbed the resources available to the Dragon Clan. The weakest one in the Dragon Palace had already reached the first level of longevity!

All the leaders had reached the eighth level of longevity!

The current strength of the Dragon Palace was four to five times stronger than the previous Dragon Clan!

"The unification ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire? We have to go too. Speaking of which, we are the goddess Elder group of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

"Of course, we can't miss such a grand occasion. It just so happens that the dragon palace is almost done with their business. Next, we will begin our journey to the extraordinary continent!"

Wang Xian had just arrived at the Dragon King's Hall when he heard the excited voices of the girls.

"Are you done?"

Wang Xian looked at Feng Luan who was surrounded in the middle and asked with a smile.

"How can it be so easy to unify the entire continent? Two days later, the dragon-phoenix Empire will hold a unification ceremony. After that, we will basically be done with it!"

Feng Luan shook her head at Wang Xian and said, "Come over to the Dragon Palace for the grand ceremony two days later. Only then can it be considered as living up to its name!"

"Alright, I don't have to deal with the matters of the Dragon Palace now. I can relax for a period of time!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"I might be able to relax for a period of time as well!"

Feng Luan smiled mysteriously and said, "If there's nothing else, Let's head over now!"

"Okay, sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Let's go. Our goddess Elder group will be appearing at the ceremony in two days. Let's hurry up and pick out some clothes!"

The group of girls spoke enthusiastically!

"Dragon Guards, Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, follow me to the Dragon Palace!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Soon, nine dragons of level eight longevity pulled a dragon pride out of the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Guards and 3,000 members of the Heaven's Eye Arrow Division followed behind them as they flew towards the imperial capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

The imperial capital was currently located at the peak of the Aotian Mountain, the center of the continent!

Wang Xian and the rest sat in the middle of the dragon pride that was a few hundred meters in size. It was no different from a house!

This was specially built by the Fire Hammer clan for their Dragon King and Dragon Queen.

Although it wasn't as majestic as the Dragon Throne, with Wang Xian's current strength, he didn't need to care about these external objects anymore!

In a day's time, the group arrived at the main peak in the middle of the Aotian Mountain Peak.

At this moment, countless people were gathered in the surrounding areas.

The number of people gathered this time was several times more than the time when the Dragon Clan went to the Aoshan Empire!

The entire area within a few thousand kilometers was abnormally festive.

The Dragon Phoenix Empire unified the transcendence continent, and all the creatures and experts of the entire continent came to witness this historic moment.

When the nine flood dragons pulled a dragon pride along, followed by the members of the Dragon Guard's Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, they arrived.

Below, everyone's faces were filled with astonishment.

Soon after, everyone below bowed in that direction.

This was the respect for the strongest person on the continent, and also the respect for God!