Chapter 1810: 1810 new era: glorious and prosperous

"The Dragon King is here. I didn't expect him to attend the unification ceremony of the dragon-phoenix Empire Tomorrow!"

"It's all thanks to the Dragon King that the Empress was able to stand at the peak again in only ten years, and even unify the transcendence continent. The Dragon King only rules the ocean, and the continent belongs to the Empress!"

"I wonder what the relationship between the Empress and the Dragon King is!"

Seeing the people from the Dragon Palace landing on the main peak, everyone whispered among themselves!

A month ago, when the news of the Dragon God igniting the divine fire to become a god and then being killed by the Dragon King on the spot spread to other parts of the transcendence continent, it immediately caused a huge sensation!

Hundreds of thousands of gods had not been born on the transcendence continent. As for gods, they only had a vague understanding of them in the historical records!

Even if they only had a little bit of information, they knew how powerful gods were and how high they were!

Now that the Dragon God of the transcendental continent had become a god, he was killed directly. How could it not be shocking.

In addition, there was news of a great battle here. The world-destroying attack that covered an area of more than 10,000 kilometers shocked everyone on the continent!

In an instant, the name of the Dragon King of the entire transcendental continent was like thunder that resounded in everyone's ears!

In order to express their respect for the Dragon King, countless forces had even built deity statues!

In just a short month, the Dragon King's deity statues had spread throughout the entire transcendence continent!

This person was a living god of the transcendence continent. He was an existence that could kill the Dragon God who had ignited the divine fire!

Other than the Invincible Dragon race, the Empress'strength was also widely spread!

The terrifying combat strength of a half-step deity could easily kill a powerhouse at the peak of the Dragon Race!

No one had any objections to the Dragon King's announcement that the dragon-phoenix Empire would unify the entire continent and the Dragon Palace would be in charge of the ocean!

In front of the power of the gods, they knew that they were no different from ants.

If they resisted, they would only die!

Moreover, everyone knew that the dragon-phoenix Empress could be called the eternal empress. She was well-known for her governance and was deeply loved by the people!

"Dragon King!"

"Dragon Queen!"

In the main hall of the Lofty Heaven Mountain Peak, Feng Yun bowed and shouted with a smile when she saw Wang Xian and the rest.

The current Fire Cloud Sparrow tribe was like the Sun in the sky in the entire transcendence continent.

As the Empress's most trusted and closest subordinate, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire had unified the entire transcendence continent. Their fire cloud sparrow tribe had similarly risen.

Even if there were many forces that were stronger than the fire Lark clan, they had to treat them with respect!

After all, this was the fire Lark clan that had waited for the empress for more than a thousand years and had almost been exterminated for the sake of the Empress!

Wang Xian smiled and nodded at Feng Yun. He had always admired the entire fire lark clan.

"Personal guard Feng, please call Long Xiaotian, he yuan, he suiqing, and Mu Cai'er over. Tell them that I have an invitation!"

Wang Xian said to her!

For this trip, apart from seeing an empire standing at the peak, he also had to catch up with some friends on the mainland!

After all, the transcendence continent was not his home. He did not know when he would have to go back!

Earth! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"It's the Dragon King!"

Feng Yun nodded respectfully and walked out immediately!

"Xiao Xian, do you want to give Mu Cai'er, who once saved your life, a position? How about the Princess of the Empire?"

Feng Luan looked at Wang Xian and asked him.

"Sure. Now that the nine God Empire has disbanded, let's make her the princess of the Empire and enjoy a lifetime of wealth and honor!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"HMM, alright. This time, I will carry out a huge reform in the mainland. I will establish a power structure in the extraordinary mainland and implement democratic elections!"

Feng Luan looked at Wang Xian and the group of girls before she said with a smile.

"HMM?"

Her words stunned Wang Xian and the group of girls. Reform? Democracy?

Wasn't this imitating some of the order on earth?

"If we do this, it will greatly weaken the rights of the strong. I'm afraid some of the family forces will be dissatisfied!"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment before he continued, "However, if we really do this, it will greatly promote the development of the supernatural continent!"

"That's right. Doing so would shake the foundations of some powerful forces. However, there is a huge benefit. In this era, everyone can become a dragon!"

"As long as one has talent, everyone can stand out. Moreover, once this is implemented, I don't have to go through so much trouble. I don't even have to manage it!"

Feng Luan said with a smile. Her eyes were shining with an inexplicable luster.

Imitating the management methods of some countries on earth to manage the entire extraordinary continent, although it would completely break the rules of the extraordinary continent, she could foresee that in the next period of time, the strength of everyone on the extraordinary continent would receive a huge increase!

By publicizing all kinds of cultivation methods and combat techniques, everyone could become a dragon!

She had consulted Prime Minister Gui not long ago about this method and asked him to help her formulate a detailed rule!

Prime Minister Gui was born on Earth. Later on, he studied all the books on Earth and was knowledgeable. He had given her great help in the reform aspect!

"With our abilities, we can indeed do it. This is a great blessing for the entire transcendence continent!"

Wang Xian nodded his head in agreement!

"I haven't announced this yet. I plan to announce it on the spot tomorrow. Then, I will start to establish departments. Those powerful forces and powerhouses can join each department!"

"Firstly, there's the law enforcement department, which is made up of a group of powerhouses. Secondly, the regulatory department can change the demon hunting hiring association to..."

Feng Luan spoke with confidence. It was obvious that she had already made a plan this month!

"Alright, just remember to stand guard tomorrow. Shu Qing and I will go and pick out tomorrow's clothes!"

After Feng Luan spoke for a while, she pulled the group of girls and said!

"Sister Feng Luan, help me pick out the clothes first. My father should be here. I will go and meet him!"

Ling Jian 'er said to them and left with a smile on her face!

All of a sudden, all the girls left. He was the only one standing there!

Wang Xian shook his head speechlessly. He sat at the side with a smile on his face and began to enjoy his tea!

The peak of the Aotian Mountain was the center of the central continent, the highest peak on the continent.

In the past, the capital of the Aoshan Empire was located around the peak of the mountain. Its coverage area was about 3,000 kilometers.

At this moment, on the bustling streets, Long Xiaotian, he yuan, and he suiqing were walking on the streets, touring this majestic region!

The dense crowd of pedestrians made the surroundings seem a little crowded!

"Make way, it's the fire cloud personal guards!"

"It's the members of the Fire Cloud Personal Guards!"

At this moment, voices came from the front, and more than a dozen fire cloud personal guards walked over!

"You must be long Xiaotian, young master he yuan, and Ms. He Suiqing!"

A group of firecloud guards walked over and said directly to long Xiaotian and the others.

"Eh? It's us!"

They were slightly stunned and immediately nodded!

"The Dragon King invites you, Please!"

The firecloud guards respectfully invited them!