Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1811: 1811 new era: under glorious prosperity

"The Dragon King invites you!"

When Long Xiaotian, he yuan, and he suiqing heard the words of the fire cloud guard, they were slightly stunned, and then their eyes lit up with joy!

"The Dragon King invites you, Big Brother Long, Big Brother He, hurry up and Go!"

When the young middle-aged man who followed Long Xiaotian heard these four words, his eyes revealed a strong envy, and he immediately said to them. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The people around them were more anxious than the three of them!

"Alright, Alright. Please lead the way, personal guard Huoyun!"

He Yuanlong Xiaotian, he suiqing and the other two nodded quickly.

The Dragon King invited them!

Just these four words were a supreme honor to anyone.

It was the same even for he yuanlong Xiaotian, he suiqing and the others!

The last time they met was when the dragon-phoenix Empire was established. At that time, it was already a great honor for them for Wang Xian to meet them.

Now, their former friend and brother had become a god. He was the god of the continent and the strongest person on the continent.

Even the Dragon God was beheaded!

They were from two completely different worlds. However, they did not expect the Dragon King to send someone to invite them over this time!

It was a great honor!

The three of them looked at each other and walked towards the main peak of aotian mountain excitedly!

"Then... who are those three young men and women? Oh My God, they can actually make the Dragon King invite them over!"

"Oh my God, what are their identities?"

"According to rumors, before the Dragon King rose to power, he had a few friends in that vast area. Could they be those three people?"

"They've reached the sky in one step, the Dragon King's friends, oh my God!"

Shocked and envious voices came from the surroundings. Even their backs were filled with respect as they looked at he yuan and the others!

Just as everyone was extremely shocked!

At a lofty mountain peak where the previous nine God Empire's experts were located.

More than a dozen fire cloud personal guards also arrived and found Mu Cai'er!

When she heard the Dragon King's invitation, Mu Cai'er's mouth was slightly agape as she slowly nodded!

"Cai'er, go quickly. Don't let the Dragon King Delay You!"

"That's right, Cai'er. Follow the fire cloud guards and hurry over!"

Beside Mu Cai'er, her father, who had ignored her and even used her for a marriage alliance, spoke respectfully to her.

Around them, there were the "Gods"from the nine God Empire who had heard the news!

They were also extremely respectful towards Mu Cai'er as they said with friendly faces.

"Yes!"

Mu Cai'er nodded. She was still slightly uncomfortable with the friendliness and respect from her father and the surrounding experts.

Especially recently, the "Gods"who were once high and mighty in the empire had come over from time to time to send her gifts and greetings!

She could hold them in her hands to prevent them from falling, or she could hold them in her mouth to prevent them from melting!

She knew that all of this was because of the person she had once saved by accident, the Dragon King!

The Dragon King had slaughtered the gods and unified the continent!

With her current status, even a longevity expert would have to be respectful when they met!

After all, a longevity expert who was high and mighty on the continent could be easily killed by the Dragon Palace!

As he watched Mu Cai'er leave, the former experts of the nine God Empire were also impressed by her luck. It was not an exaggeration to call her the son of Luck!

"Dragon King, a few young masters and ladies have arrived and are arranged to be in the room next door!"

In the main peak, Feng Yun walked in and said to Wang Xian.

"Are you here? I'll go over now!"

Wang Xian nodded and went straight to the room next door.

When he yuan, Long Xiaotian and the rest saw Wang Xian walking in, they were slightly excited and nervous!

"Haha, Why? Are you so restrained when you see me?"

Wang Xian smiled and walked over!

After a few conversations, they finally relaxed. The last time when Wang Xian destroyed the empire of ten thousand demons, he had found a longevity-level bloodline for long Xiaotian. Now, his strength was close to he yuan!

Wang Xian gave them some weapons and equipment and chatted with them for more than an hour!

He still had to settle down his friends!

"After the ceremony ends tomorrow and I bring a group of girls to tour the extraordinary continent, it's time for me to return to Earth!"

An hour later, he yuan and the rest left. Wang Xian muttered to himself.

When he walked out of the room, the sky had already darkened.

Standing at the main peak, he could look down at the surrounding fireworks. The entire main peak had been transformed into the Empress's palace. Other than the fire cloud personal guards, there was no one else.

Wang Xian was walking on the stairs between the mountains when he suddenly saw a beautiful figure standing in front of him.

She was dressed in a fiery red phoenix robe and wore a phoenix crown on her head. She stood there and looked down at the land in front of her!

"Eh? Feng Luan, where are Shu Qing and the rest?"

When Wang Xian saw Feng Luan dressed up elegantly like a goddess, he couldn't help but take a few more glances at her and asked!

"They are picking out clothes for Jian 'er. They said that they will give you a surprise later!"

Feng Luan turned around and looked at Wang Xian. A smile appeared on her face. After looking at him for more than ten seconds, she turned around and said, "Thank you, Xiao Xian!"

"Do we still need to thank you?"

Wang Xian couldn't help but walk to Feng Luan's side and stand beside her.

"Of course we need to thank you. What else can we do? I don't have anything to repay you with. I can only say it verbally!"

Feng Luan smiled!

In the past, even though she had great ambitions, she never thought that she would unify the entire supernatural continent.

However, the entire continent was under her feet now. Everything was because of this man beside her.

When she was standing at the peak, she suddenly felt that the number one empress of all time was only so-so!

"Cough Cough!"

Wang Xian sniffed the fragrance that came from beside him. His heart was slightly agitated.

Among the group of girls, Feng Luan's beauty could not be said to be number one. However, this noble and inviolable temperament was something that the other girls did not possess!

When he thought of this, Wang Xian could not help but fantasize about other things...

"Actually, it's not that I can't repay you!"

Wang Xian suddenly raised his eyebrows and placed his palm on Feng Luan's shoulder subconsciously!

"Huh?"

Feng Luan's body trembled and her face turned slightly red. She quickly turned her head to the side and did not dare to look at him.

"Then, how should I repay you?"

She pretended not to care and asked.

"That's Easy!"

Wang Xian was also pretending to stand there. However, his palm subconsciously slid downwards!

"Your hand!"

Feng Luan quickly felt that something was wrong. Her face quickly turned red as she gritted her teeth and said coldly!

"What's wrong, Empress? Can't you repay me with your flesh?"

"I'll go and talk to Shu Qing and the rest. Let's see if I can get another wife!"

Wang Xian suddenly sped up his speech and increased the strength in his palm.

Following that, his figure disappeared in an instant.

He ran away after touching her and she was the empress of the same world.

This was really exciting!

No one in the entire transcendence continent dared to imagine this scene!

The Dragon King was actually so wretched!