Chapter 1812: The End of 1812 supernatural continent

"Xiao Xian, why are you smiling here? Your smile is so perverted!"

Wang Xian, who had teleported into the room, sniffed his hand. He looked perverted.

At this moment, the puzzled voices of a few girls could be heard from the side!

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He immediately restrained his expression and looked at the few girls.

However, when he turned around and looked over, he was instantly stunned!

Noble, beautiful, and alluring!

Fat Hoop, swallow thin!

Everyone was wearing noble and beautiful long robes. Their temperament had improved by a few levels!

"Nothing much? Xiao Yu, go look for Feng Lingtian first. Your sisters-in-law and I have something important to attend to!"

Wang Xian said in all seriousness.

"Ptui!"

However, Xiao Yu rolled her eyes at him and flew out.

"You..." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The group of girls naturally knew what he was going to do. They looked at him speechlessly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled and transformed into a werewolf and pounced on her!

Outside, Feng Luan's expression kept changing. She took a deep breath and walked inside.

When she reached the door, she stopped. Her face turned from red to green!

The moonlight was beautiful. Today was a grand occasion for the entire transcendence continent!

At the foot of the peak of the Aotian Mountain, the lights were bright. It was destined to be a sleepless night!

Everyone was looking forward to the unification ceremony of the Continent Tomorrow and the major reform mentioned by the Empress!

For Wang Xian, the spring breeze passed very quickly. On the second day, the entire main peak was bustling with activity.

The Army of the dragon-phoenix Empire and countless citizens were gathered at the side.

At the foot of the main peak, there was a huge square. In front of the square, there was a high platform erected!

In the square, some powerful family forces stood in a row in front.

Just the people from these family forces occupied the entire square.

After all, they were the powerhouses of the entire continent!

Outside the plaza, there were hundreds of millions of humans and demonic beasts gathered!

"The continent is unified. Our transcendent continent hasn't been unified for hundreds of thousands of years!"

"I heard that our empress is about to become a god. Perhaps only a god can manage the entire continent!"

"I wonder what important announcement the Empress will make today!"

In the plaza, the families and experts from the various large factions were discussing in hushed voices.

The unification of the continent might have a great impact on them!

"The fire cloud guards are coming out. The empress might be coming. Everyone, quiet down!"

At this moment, the members of the Fire Cloud Guards flew down from the main peak. The square and the surrounding areas were all silent!

They looked up at the mountain peak and quietly waited for the empress to appear!

"Roar! Roar!"

At noon, a low roar sounded from the main peak. The voice was filled with endless majesty!

"This is?"

Everyone trembled slightly. Their pupils constricted and they hurriedly raised their heads in shock.

"This is? Dragon King!"

On the main peak, a divine dragon with a body of 8,000 meters let out a low roar!

He circled around the main peak and slowly flew down!

On the Dragon God's head, the Empress, who was dressed in a fiery red wind cannon, stood in the middle.

She took a step back and nine women stood at the back.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

When the Dragon God was coming down, the swordsmen holding golden swords and the archers holding longbows were standing neatly in the sky.

From their bodies, everyone could feel a strong pressure.

"Hiss, the Dragon King actually carried the empress directly here. Is he supporting the women?"

"The Dragon King is showing the entire continent that he is the one behind the Empress!"

Everyone was extremely shocked.

The fact that the Empress could stand on the Dragon King's head showed their relationship!

As for the group of girls behind, the entire continent also knew that they were the Dragon King's women and younger sister!

"Greetings to the Dragon King and the Empress!"

Everyone knelt on the ground and shouted loudly!

"Stand Up!"

Feng Luan swept her gaze across everyone in front of her and waved her hand slightly!

"Thank you, Empress!"

Everyone stood up and looked at Wang Xian and Feng Luan with some respect!

Wang Xian naturally didn't have any objections to the group of girls standing on top of him.

Needless to say, Xiao Yu was his sister!

The group of girls had even become Dragon Knights last night, so he had no objections. As for Feng Luan, she would be here soon!

"I've gathered all the aristocratic families and sects on the continent to come here today. I have two things to announce!"

"First, the dragon-phoenix Empire will unify all the continents except the ocean. The entire world will become the territory of the dragon-phoenix Empire! All the subjects of the dragon-phoenix Empire will be on the Territory!"

"Everyone and all the forces must obey the rules of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

Feng Luan stood on the dragon's head, and her majestic voice resounded in everyone's mind!

"We will obey the Empress's orders!"

Everyone was not surprised by the first thing Feng Luan announced, and they immediately responded loudly!

"Second, the rules of the extraordinary continent in the future, which is also the laws of the dragon-phoenix Empire!"

As Feng Luan spoke, her sharp eyes swept across all the experts and powerful forces in front of her!

"The dragon-man Empire has established a democratic system. Within the legal system, everyone is equal. All departments have been established..."

The new rules and order were announced, causing everyone's faces to reveal shock and astonishment!

The higher-ups were under the supervision of the public and the supervision of other departments!

Anyone who violated the legal system would be severely punished, even if they were longevity experts!

Law enforcement departments, supervision departments, and administrative departments were all set up in the city.

The city lord was no longer able to control the sky with one hand, and once he made a mistake, he would still be punished!

Even if he killed people in the wild, he would still be punished!

One detailed system after another completely overturned the birth of the previous rules, and this made everyone slightly open their mouths!

This kind of rule might not be a good thing for many experts, but for the entire continent, it was a great improvement in civilization!

Feng Luan didn't care about the reactions of those experts and families!

In front of her power, in front of the power of the Dragon Palace, these family forces could be destroyed with the snap of a finger!

The birth of a new system meant that some people would benefit, and some people wouldn't benefit!

However, in the future, it could raise the quality and strength of the extraordinary continent by a level!

This reform was destined to leave a deep mark in the history of the extraordinary continent.

Feng Luan's name was also destined to be immortal!

Just as Feng Luan expected, when the new system that she announced was spread to every city on the extraordinary continent, it caused a huge sensation.

Countless people cheered and jumped for joy. In an instant, the entire continent was singing the praises of the great empress.

In an instant, the great empress's reputation even surpassed that of the Dragon King!

When the new system was implemented, some people who resisted were killed with a snap of the fingers!

When the new system was implemented, Wang Xian brought a group of girls and began to tour the entire supernatural continent!

Their footsteps appeared in every corner of the supernatural continent.

They also witnessed the new era of the supernatural continent, which was glorious and prosperous!