Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1813: In 1813, on Earth

In a blink of an eye, a year and a half had passed. In a year and a half, Wang Xian and the rest had traveled all over the transcendental continent.

In this year and a half, the transcendental continent had undergone a huge change due to the laws and regulations of Feng Luan!

In the ocean, there were also huge changes. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The Dragon Gate of the Dragon Palace stood on top of the Sea of dragons. All the demonic beasts and ferocious beasts in the entire transcendental continent could jump through the Dragon Gate!

As long as they could jump through the Dragon Gate, they could become disciples of the Dragon Palace!

After the news was spread, all the beasts of the transcendence continent rushed into the transcendence sea. Every day, countless beasts wanted to jump through the Dragon Gate and become disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Some beasts jumped through the Dragon Gate and reached the sky in one step, but some beasts didn't. They were bitter and unwilling!

After a long time, countless beasts gathered around the Dragon Sea!

A world of demonic beasts was formed at the bottom of the sea, and with the Dragon Palace as the center, the seabed became lively.

The Dragon Palace's strength increased every day after obtaining the resources of the extraordinary continent.

"Wow, a year has passed so quickly!"

Outside the Dragon Palace, a group of girls stretched out their arms and looked around with smiles on their faces!

"Yeah, I feel like we haven't had enough fun yet. When are we going out again?"

Xiao Yu held onto Feng Lingtian's arm as if she wanted more!

Around them, a group of demonic beasts saw them and immediately prostrated themselves respectfully.

"We've been playing for a year and a half. It's enough. Let's Go!"

Wang Xian shook his head. Women were crazy when they started playing. They hadn't stopped for a whole year and a half.

If Feng Luan hadn't informed them, they would have played for at least a few more months.

"I wonder what sister Feng Luan has to do? She's been busy for a whole year and a half, but she hasn't finished!"

The girls said as they flew into the Dragon Palace.

"Sister Feng Luan!"

"Sister Feng Luan, you've finished your work. When you're done, let's go out and play together!"

In the Dragon King Palace, a group of girls surrounded her and shouted at her with smiles on their faces.

The new rules had just been released. Feng Luan needed to keep an eye on some things!

"It's settled!"

Feng Luan nodded with a smile. "The main reason for coming this time is to find something. Let Me Show You!"

"Xiao Xian, let's go to the peak of the Ao Tian Mountain!"

As she spoke, she looked at Wang Xian.

"Huh? What did you find?"

Wang Xian revealed a curious expression!

"Some of the more magical things. Let's go over first. Prime Minister GUI is there too!"

Feng Luan said to Wang Xian.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. It must be a big deal for Feng Luan to call them over directly!

The group of them arrived above the Dragon Palace.

In the past, there was a place in the Sea of dragons where they could arrive at the DRAKONID Empire in an instant.

In the past year or so, the dragon palace had broken through this kind of teleportation. Now, they could directly reach the peak of the Ao Tian Mountain from the Dragon Palace!

Buzz

The group arrived at the array formation and instantly arrived above the peak of the Ao Tian Mountain!

"This way!"

Feng Luan flew in front and looked forward. "Little Xian, when you were fighting the Dragon God, the Dragon God once crashed into a peak of the Ao Tian Mountain!"

"When we were dealing with it, we found an array formation at the bottom of the mountain peak of aotian. It was a cultivation array formation and a teleportation array formation!"

As she spoke, a hint of seriousness appeared on her face!

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and a hint of surprise flashed across his eyes!

From the broken mountain peak of Aotian to the interior, a space filled with divine power appeared in his line of sight.

The entire space had a circumference of about 100 kilometers. Wang Xian was a little curious as to why Emperor Aoshan and the rest didn't discover this place!

There were 11 futons in the entire space. Beneath each futon, there was an extremely powerful spiritual energy!

In the middle of the 11 futons, there were 11 gigantic images.

The images were flickering with light as they floated in the air. They looked extremely mysterious.

Prime Minister Gui was standing at the bottom of the images. He was waving the turtle shell in his hand as he continued to calculate!

"This is?"

Wang Xian looked at the image and his face was filled with surprise.

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately bowed respectfully when he saw Wang Xian!

"HMM? What is this image?"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at the image in the sky curiously!

"Dragon King, if I'm not wrong, this should be the coordinates of the starry sky. We are currently on this planet!"

Prime Minister Gui had a contemplative look on his face as he spoke of the coordinates of the starry sky.

"The coordinates of the starry sky?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as he stared intently at this picture!

On the gigantic picture, the coordinates that represented the extraordinary continent were located in a remote corner. They were emitting a dim luster and could not be compared to the large coordinates at the center!

"This should be left behind by the ancient gods of the extraordinary continent. The gods of the extraordinary continent suddenly left hundreds of thousands of years ago. It should be the coordinates left behind by them!"

Feng Luan, who was at the side, guessed.

"The starry sky pattern and the starry sky coordinates?"

Wang Xian looked at the incomparably huge pattern. The transcendence continent occupied less than 1/10,000 of it!

He could not help but look pensive. "Is there a teleportation formation here? Can the teleportation formation be used?"

"No, it has been destroyed for a long time!"

Prime Minister Gui shook his head!

"The peak of the Lofty Heaven Mountain is not only the center of the continent, but also the center of the spiritual energy of the continent. Cultivating on these eleven futons is several times more effective than cultivating in the Dragon Palace!"

"If I can help with a large number of treasures, I can ignite the divine fire soon!"

Feng Luan glanced at the eleven futons, her eyes shining. "But it requires eleven people to sit down and cultivate at the same time to affect the spiritual energy here!"

"It's several times more powerful than the Dragon Palace. Is it that powerful?"

The group of girls looked surprised.

Feng Luan nodded. "However, this prayer mat can only be used for more than ten years at most. After that, it will take some time before it can be used again!"

"Do you want us to cultivate here?"

Wang Xian looked at Feng Luan!

"Yes!"

Feng Luan nodded. "This is a huge opportunity for everyone. Even if it's you, Little Xian, more than ten years will allow you to advance by one level!"

"I think there's no need for that. Shu Qing, you guys can cultivate here!"

Wang Xian shook his head and looked at the group of girls!

"That's great. However, we are prepared to bring Shu Qing Jian 'er to Earth to take a look!"

Guan Shu Qing, Lan Qingyue and the rest were slightly hesitant. They had been in the extraordinary mainland for more than eleven years. They still had family on Earth. It was time to return!

"I'll return to Earth in a while. Bring them over!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said!

"That's fine too!"

The group of girls nodded. Currently, the transcendence continent was like a backyard garden to them. It was also fine to bring their family over to stay for a period of time!

The path of cultivation for the rest of the journey was also very important to them!

"Good, then you can cultivate here, I will accompany you here for a period of time and return to Earth to take a look!"