Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1814: In 1814, under the Earth

The sudden appearance of the galactic coordinate pattern and the appearance of the powerful cultivation futon disrupted the plans of Wang Xian and the group of girls!

After hesitating for a while, the group of girls decided to cultivate here and let Wang Xian bring their loved ones over!

Time passed slowly and half a year passed in the blink of an eye!

In the past half a year, Wang Xian accompanied the group of girls every day and occasionally flirted with Feng Luan. Twice, he was caught by the group of girls on the spot. However, they didn't say anything.

This made Wang Xian more and more daring. Although he did not succeed in the end, he still enjoyed it!

"The speed of my cultivation here is indeed fast. As expected of the center of the entire continent!"

Wang Xian stood at the foot of the mountain peak of Ao Tian. Looking at the girls sitting cross-legged on the futons, he thought to himself.

Eleven futons, along with Xiao Yu and the ten girls. The last position was where Feng Lingtian was cultivating!

According to Feng Luan's guess, she would be able to ignite the divine fire within two years at most.

As for the rest of the girls, with the support of powerful resources, they should be able to ignite the divine fire and condense the divine spark within five years!

Wang Xian watched them cultivate in seclusion. After instructing Prime Minister Gui, he flew outside and looked at the flourishing world. Then, he arrived at the Dragon Palace in a flash!

"It's been 12 years!"

After returning to the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian thought to himself and opened the system notification record.

Among the numerous system notifications, there was one that was very eye-catching.

Ding! "Earth's first-class Dragon Palace has been destroyed. All the members of the Dragon Palace have died!"

This was a message sent by the system when Wang Xian perished and fused with the heart of Light and darkness!

It had been several years since the information was sent. At that time, he was injured and had no time to deal with it when the vast region attacked the flowing sea region after his resurrection.

Later on, Wang Xian did not bother about this piece of information.

Compared to the supernatural continent, earth was much weaker. Furthermore, there were too few resources on Earth. Hence, he did not pay too much attention to the destruction of the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon Palace on Earth was a level one dragon palace. It was extremely weak to begin with, and there were only a dozen members of the Dragon Palace!

"However, even if it's a level one dragon palace, the members of the Dragon Palace are extremely weak. However, an ordinary person would definitely not dare to destroy my Dragon Palace. Did something big happen on earth? or?"

Wang Xian looked at the system notification and was curious.

"Let's go back and take a look. I want to know who dares to destroy my Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian smiled. He was not bothered by the changes on earth.

With his strength, he was an invincible existence on earth! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When he left, the highest level on earth had not even reached transcendence. It had only been more than ten years. No matter how strong he was, he could not be that strong!

"Ao Jian, AO qitian!"

Wang Xian shouted softly.

"Your subordinate is here!"

Soon, two figures flew over quickly and knelt in front of him!

Ao Jian, who held a sharp sword in his hand, and Ao Qitian, who held the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand.

Ao Jian looked like a middle-aged swordsman. There was no emotion on his face as he coldly half-knelt on the ground.

Ao Qitian had an incomparably tall and sturdy figure. He was about two meters tall and had a pair of three pairs of Gouyu Eyes!

Ao Jian and AO qitian had already reached half-step level nine. Ao Jian's strength could be considered invincible under the divine realm!

Ao qitian, who had advanced to the wild dragon seed, could barely fight against a god who had ignited two wisps of godly fire!

A true God who could kill a wisp of godly fire!

"Follow me to Earth!"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them and said indifferently.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded immediately!

"Let's Go!"

The matters of the Dragon Palace had been handed over to Prime Minister Gui. The girls would be cultivating in seclusion for at least one to two years.

Returning to Earth to visit his old friends!

Wang Xian waved his arm and led ao Jian and AO Qitian to the flowing sea region.

That was the entrance to Earth!

With his rapid teleportation, Wang Xian still took a day to arrive at the flowing sea region from the center of the continent with the power that could kill three wisps of divine fire true gods.

Arriving at the sea region that he was extremely familiar with, he smiled faintly.

He still remembered that when he first entered this place, he had to flee when he encountered some powerful supernatural beasts!

Now, with his arrival, all the creatures in the entire aquatic race were worshipping him!

"It should be here!"

According to his memory, Wang Xian arrived at the surroundings of the entrance of Earth. The entrance of the cave had already been covered by seaweed!

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, the familiar black hole appeared in front of him.

He moved his body and stepped into it directly!

"Huh?"

However, before he came out, he realized that there was soil above him. The soil was at least a thousand meters thick, which made him very surprised!

With a move of his body, he broke out of the soil and appeared above him.

An unfamiliar aura rushed over, causing Wang Xian to be stunned.

He looked around and saw that there was still seawater around him. It was clear blue seawater!

However, the depth of the water here had already reached about 15,000 meters.

He clearly remembered that this place was only a few thousand meters back then. How did it suddenly become more than 10,000 meters now?

Other than the change in the depth of the ocean, Wang Xian had a special feeling that the earth seemed to have become bigger!

Faintly, he could feel a powerful force coming from all directions!

The level of this force was not weaker than the Dragon God. In fact, it was even stronger than the Dragon God!

"What kind of huge change has happened on Earth?"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. The God had actually appeared on Earth.

He hesitated for a moment. Then, with a flash, he appeared in the sky!

Beside him, Ao Qitian and Ao Jian accompanied him and flew tens of thousands of meters into the sky!

The Dragon Eyes of the yin-yang and five elements were opened. Wang Xian's majestic dragon eyes swept across the entire planet!

"The Earth has changed. It is expanding at a slow speed. It must be due to the recovery of the spiritual energy!"

"Furthermore, the Earth is actually moving. In other words, the earth is roaming around!"

He looked up at the starry sky. A huge amount of spiritual energy filled an area of tens of millions of kilometers. The entire planet was under a certain force as it flew towards the Unknown Starfield!

In the east, a huge palace that was tens of thousands of kilometers long was standing in the Void!

That was the Kingdom of God!

In the west, a sacred mountain palace that was emitting a powerful light force was also standing in the Void!

That was the Kingdom of God!

At the center of the equator, there was an extremely huge flaming palace that was over a thousand kilometers long. Flames were shooting up into the sky!

That was the Kingdom of God!

At the bottom of the sea that was over a thousand kilometers away, there was a palace that was over a thousand kilometers long. The vast underwater palace was standing there!

It was the Kingdom of God!

As for other places, Wang Xian couldn't see them!

"The gods are here. The world has changed!"

Wang Xian sensed the scenes on earth and sighed in his heart!

The earth was wandering in the starry sky!

The gods had descended to earth!

A mythical era had begun!

Fortunately, the original citizens of earth didn't suffer a catastrophe. Instead, they had the opportunity to become stronger!

"God has come, I have come back!"