Chapter 1815: The 1815 Dragon King was here

"The god is here, and so am I!"

Wang Xian hovered in the void and muttered. He looked down at the entire Earth with a nostalgic expression on his face.

This was his root and the place where he rose up!

Even if the earth was not as vast as the supernatural continent, he would still live on Earth in the future!

Although the Earth was unfamiliar, it was still the same earth.

He slowly closed his eyes and spread his divine sense across the entire earth. Vast and mighty power silently spread towards Earth.

Nine familiar blood vessels were pulsating. Wang Xian remembered that they were the nine dragon veins!

Back then, when he injected the blood of the divine dragon into the dragon veins, the nine dragon veins had already given birth to a will!

Faint and familiar light spots appeared in his mind. Those were the blood vessels that he left behind, the Dragonmen!

They were the former disciples of the Dragon Gate!

"Father, father, I've broken through to the fifth level of body refining today. The headmaster said that I'm a genius, Father!"

In the east, a little boy held a long sword in his hand and shouted excitedly at a middle-aged man!

"Kid, why don't you take a look at whose bloodline you have? Why Don't you take a look at what bloodline I have? That's..."

A middle-aged man smiled and patted the Little Boy's Head!

At this moment, his body suddenly froze, and his eyes revealed a look of excitement and madness!

"Plop!"

Under the little boy's astonished gaze, the majestic and invincible father in his heart directly knelt on the ground. His eyes were bloodshot as he looked to the west, and his body trembled violently!

"Dragon King, are you back?"

As he spoke, tears flowed down his face, and his face was filled with extreme excitement!

...

"The leader didn't let 156 and the others take revenge. These guys insisted on going. If something happened to them, the leader would definitely be furious!"

"This god who descended is too powerful. The Sea God destroyed the Dragon Palace. We are not their match at all. We also don't know where the Dragon King is now."

"We want revenge too, but in front of the sea god, we are no different from ants. Oh right, twenty-three's wife gave birth to a girl!"

Beside a small mountain, in a rural area, a few men sat beside a fish pond, talking in low voices!

They were once the famous Dragon Gate on Earth. After the Dragon King disappeared and the Dragon Palace was destroyed!

The leader of the Dragon Gate, Mo Qinglong, disbanded the Dragon Gate in order to prevent anyone from taking revenge on the Dragon Gate!

Now, the disciples of the Dragon Gate gathered once a year, and some of the members had already gotten married and had children!

While they were talking, their bodies froze slightly. They looked at each other, and their eyes were filled with excitement.

"Pu Pu Pu!"

Everyone immediately knelt on the ground, and their bodies trembled violently!

Their king had returned!

...

Not only here, in the luxurious villa, in the ordinary rooms, and in the ocean, there were fifty disciples of the Dragon Gate. In addition to those who had fallen, there were now more than forty disciples.

When they sensed the throbbing of their blood vessels, their faces revealed excitement and disbelief.

"Oh? The Dragon King has returned? But now, it may not be the world of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon Gate Anymore!"

In a luxurious villa, a few elders of the Lan family saw Mo Qinglong kneeling on the ground in excitement.

While their eyes were burning with passion, they heaved a sigh.

The world had changed!

"Phew!"

All the images were transmitted to Wang Xian's mind, causing him to heave a sigh of relief.

There was a sigh and a smile on his face!

"I didn't expect that after more than ten years, some of the Dragonmen have children!"

Wang Xian revealed a happy smile on his face!

He was no longer a teenager when he returned this time. All the Dragon Gate Disciples already had children!

When Wang Xian was preparing to enter the extraordinary mainland, he had basically dismissed the Dragon Gate and allowed them to develop freely!

At the same time, he took care of Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue's family!

Looking at the scenes in his mind, he sighed slightly!

"This is good too!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and looked at the ocean ahead. There were two disciples of the Dragon Gate there.

According to some vague information, they wanted to take revenge for the Dragon Palace!

"Revenge? Looks like the Dragon Palace was destroyed by them!"

Wang Xian looked at the Kingdom of God below and revealed a faint sneer.

"Let's go and see what kind of force is it that dares to destroy our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said to Ao Jian and AO Qitian who was beside him. Then, he disappeared instantly!

The Divine Sea Palace!

It was one of the five major forces of the Dragon Palace!

The Divine Sea Palace, the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace, the holy church, the Fire God Palace, and the Pharaoh Palace were the five major forces that occupied Earth!

Each of them was extremely powerful and had the legendary God overseeing them.

Once the Divine Sea Palace descended, it took over the Earth's five lakes and four seas. With a casual blow from the Sea God, the dragon palace vanished into thin air.

Everyone saw how powerful the Divine Sea Palace was!

After the five great factions and the five great gods descended on earth, they immediately recruited disciples and spread the cultivation techniques!

The entire Earth began to develop rapidly.

In addition, the spiritual energy had recovered, and the earth had become larger. Some mountains and some places had shown signs of miracles, and everyone on Earth's strength had increased drastically.

As the five strongest forces on Earth, everyone was proud to join them!

Countless people worked hard to cultivate in order to have the chance to become gods!

Every time the Divine Sea Palace recruited disciples, it would drive everyone crazy.

However, not everyone had the right to do so!

The five major forces had established academies all over the world. Only the disciples with great talent had the chance to join them!

The five major forces did not only bring the sea god, Emperor Lingxiao, the Fire God, the Holy Light God, and the Dharma God. They also brought billions of their subordinates.

The Lingxiao Treasure Palace had the most people. The Lingxiao Treasure Palace alone had 100,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, and the rest of the disciples numbered in the tens of millions!

The Spirit Sea Palace also had millions of disciples!

Wang Xian came to the front of the Spirit Sea Palace and looked at the divine kingdom without any expression on his face!

Thousands of young men and women were gathered in the surrounding area. All of them looked excited.

Everyone looked up at the divine kingdom in front of them.

Wang Xian appeared at the back and didn't attract anyone's attention.

"I wonder if I can join the Divine Sea Palace this time!"

"The last time the Divine Sea Palace recruited disciples, there were 5,000 of them. Only 100 of them went in. I was eliminated last time!"

"This time, there are quite a number of talented disciples who should be able to enter the Spirit Sea Palace!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I'm sure seaman hai will be able to join. His current strength is too strong. He must have mastered a few abhijnas by now!"

At this moment, voices of discussion could be heard from the front.

Wang Xian stood there and swept his gaze across all the young men around him. His eyes were sparkling.

All the young men here had reached the transcendence realm. Furthermore, they were all at the fifth or sixth level of the transcendence realm!

This shocked him slightly. The speed at which the people on Earth were improving was too fast!