Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1816: In 1816, the world did not recognize the monarch

The transcendence realm could be considered a deity on earth more than ten years ago.

However, the group of young people had already reached the transcendence realm. This made Wang Xian very surprised!

According to the normal cultivation speed, it was very difficult to reach the transcendence realm even with the current heaven and earth spiritual energy.

"It seems that the recovery of spiritual energy is not only an opportunity for humans, but also for Earth!"

Wang Xian thought about the expansion of earth and the arrival of extraterrestrial gods. He had some guesses in his heart!

The Legend of the Divine Dragon and the legends of the gods on Earth might not have been fabricated. During the ancient times, there might have been powerful gods and religions on Earth.

Perhaps for some reason, the earth had declined, and those heaven-defying religions had left!

The recovery of spiritual energy might have attracted the attention of those true gods of religions. They would descend on earth and bring the Earth to their region!

The reason why the humans on Earth could rise so quickly was probably because of the recovery of Earth. Some spiritual objects had also recovered!

"Everyone, take out your identity cards and enter the Spirit Sea Palace one by one!"

At this moment, a voice came from the front. Everyone immediately walked towards the Majestic Spirit Sea Palace.

They looked at the middle-aged man with a human body and a fish tail who was holding a trident in his hand with reverence. They looked at the yearning expression on the face of the Spirit Sea Palace and walked in respectfully!

Wang Xian watched the people in front enter and followed closely behind!

"Stop!"

"Take out your identity cards!"

Just as Wang Xian walked to the entrance, a cold voice was heard.

"I'm here to look for someone!"

Wang Xian looked at the guard beside him indifferently!

He had a fish tail and a human body. He had fish gills and a sharp mouth. Clearly, he was not a creature from Earth!

"Please come in!"

When the mermaid guard saw Wang Xian's gaze, his body trembled slightly and he said respectfully.

The group of young men and women in front did not notice this scene. Wang Xian continued to walk in with Ao Jian and AO qitian!

When he entered, Wang Xian immediately sensed the powerful spiritual energy from the divine kingdom. The water energy contained in it was comparable to the spiritual energy in an ordinary place in the Dragon Palace!

There were mermaids roaming around the surroundings. There were all kinds of aquatic creatures. Even the gigantic blue whale had two in front of it!

Other than the mermaids, there were also quite a number of normal humans. The entire divine sea palace was extremely dreamy and beautiful!

"Oh my God, this place is simply too beautiful. It would be great if I could cultivate here!"

"There's the Lingxiao treasured palace above and the sea god Palace below. Only a god can build such a holy place!"

In the front, a group of young men and women looked around in shock and sighed.

"The test field is in front. If you pass the test, you can become a disciple of the sea god Palace. Work hard!"

At the front, a middle-aged man said proudly to them!

"Yes, Sir!"

The group of young men and women immediately nodded in response!

After walking for more than ten minutes, a huge training field appeared in everyone's sight.

At this moment, there were seven to eight thousand disciples cultivating in the training field!

At the front, there were more than ten middle-aged young men standing in a row. Their eyes were filled with dignity as they swept their gaze over!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the dozen of middle-aged young men and realized that all of them were at the profound void tier.

Although they were not very strong among the profound void tier, their strength was invincible on Earth in the past!

When the thousands of disciples who were cultivating around them saw their arrival, they also looked over curiously with a proud look on their faces.

"These dozen of them are your instructors for the assessment. They said that only those who are qualified to join the Spirit Sea Palace are qualified to join!"

The middle-aged man saw the ten-odd young men standing in a row, cupped his hands, and shouted at all the young men and women behind him.

Everyone felt a chill in their hearts, and they looked at the ten-odd young men in awe.

"Kneel and worship!"

At that moment, a young man among the ten-odd people raised his head slightly and took a step forward. With his hands behind his back, he swept his gaze across all the people in front of him and shouted arrogantly.

"Greetings, teacher!"

Everyone did not dare to hesitate in the slightest. They directly knelt on one knee on the ground and shouted loudly!

"Yes!"

"Yes?"

The young teacher nodded his head in satisfaction. However, he quickly raised his eyebrows slightly and his gaze landed on the three people at the back.

One of the two people was like a demonic beast. They stood there and looked at their surroundings indifferently as though they did not hear his words.

The other ten or so middle-aged youths also looked over and raised their eyebrows slightly.

"What's going on?"

The group of young men and women who were kneeling on the ground were also slightly shocked. Some of them turned their heads slightly to look behind them!

"Hurry up and kneel. If you anger the teachers, you won't even know how you died!"

A young man growled at them in a low voice.

"Who are the three of you? What are you doing in our sea god Palace?"

The young mentor took a few steps forward again and questioned Wang Xian and the rest with a cold gaze.

"I'm here to look for someone. Eight years ago, someone destroyed my underwater palace and killed my disciples. I'm here to seek an explanation!"

Wang Xian looked at the young mentor and said, "I'm here to take a look and see how this matter should be handled!"

As he spoke with a calm expression, he looked in the direction of the group of disciples who were cultivating.

There were two familiar bloodlines there. If his guess was correct, they were Mo fifteen and Mo sixteen, the two disciples of the Dragon Gate!

"What?"

Wang Xian's words stunned the young mentor slightly. His face was filled with astonishment and doubt.

Everyone around was also slightly stunned!

What was this fellow doing here? What Underwater Palace?

"Kid, how did you sneak in? How dare you barge into our Divine Sea Palace? I think you are courting death!"

"I don't have time to listen to your nonsense. Those who barge into our Divine Sea Palace without permission shall die!"

The young mentor narrowed his eyes slightly. With a move of his palm, waves of water condensed into long spears!

"Junior brother, it's meaningless to kill them directly. Since they dare to sneak into our sea god Palace, they must have some strength!"

"Mortals who have come to participate in the assessment, your first assessment mission begins now. Kill the three of them!"

"The three people who have killed them will join our sea god Palace directly. The rest will continue the assessment!"

Just as the young man made his move, a middle-aged man in the center waved his hand indifferently and said to all the young men who were participating in the assessment!

"HMM? Then we'll listen to senior brother!"

The young mentor smiled and nodded immediately. He glanced at all the young men and women who were kneeling in front of him indifferently. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"If we kill them, we can join the Spirit Sea Palace directly?"

The eyes of all the young men and women who were kneeling on the ground reflected light as a hint of excitement flashed across their eyes!

"Their dog lives are mine!"

An elegant young man dressed in sky-blue attire and holding a blue longsword stood up immediately and turned around with a face full of confidence!

"Hualala!"

The rest of the young men and women also stood up immediately. Their eyes were sparkling as they stared at Wang Xian and the other two!

"It has been more than 12 years since we parted. The world no longer recognizes you!"