Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1817: In 1817, the world did not recognize him

After more than 12 years of separation, the world no longer recognized him!

Wang Xian looked at the group of middle-aged men from the Divine Sea Palace in front of him with a mocking expression!

Looking at the group of young men who took out their weapons and were about to make a move, he shook his head slightly!

Once upon a time, in the entire Earth, who dared to say that they wanted to kill him? Who Dared to look at him with such disrespect!

There was a time when everyone in the world stood in front of him. which one of them didn't bow and kowtow respectfully!

"But this is what makes it interesting!"

Wang Xian looked at everyone in front of him. His eyes were shining. He was worrying about how he should develop in the future. Now was the perfect time!

Let's have a battle with the gods and the expert from the starry sky!

"Ants!"

Ao jian saw that the people in front of him were actually about to attack them. A gleam of sword radiance flashed across his indifferent eyes!

"What happened? Are there ants that dare to cause trouble in Our Divine Sea Palace?"

"It seems like someone has sneaked in. Furthermore, they are a little arrogant. They are looking for death!"

What happened here attracted the attention of the people in the surroundings. Some of them looked over curiously. Their faces were filled with mockery!

The five major factions on earth were the difference between mortals and gods to everyone.

To dare to cause trouble here was simply courting death!

This was the first time they saw someone dare to sneak into the Spirit Sea Palace!

"Eh?"

However, at this very moment, at the front of the training ground, two middle-aged men looked over. When they saw Wang Xian, their bodies stiffened slightly!

"This, this, this..."

The two of them looked at each other. They could see the shock in each other's eyes.

Their eyes were fixed on Wang Xian's figure. Their eyes were filled with excitement.

Not long ago, the two of them had already sensed the arrival of the Dragon King. Furthermore, the two of them had sneaked into the Spirit Sea Palace to seek revenge for the Dragon Palace!

The moment they sensed the dragon king again, they were already prepared to leave this place to look for the Dragon King!

In the end, they did not expect the Dragon King to actually come!

He came to the Divine Sea Palace which possessed invincible strength!

"Oh no!"

Seeing that the Dragon King was surrounded by a group of young men, the two of them looked at each other with a crazy killing intent on their faces.

"Haha, I'll Take Their Lives First!"

In front of Wang Xian, the eyes of 5,000 young men slowly revealed killing intent. One of the burly young men held a large saber in his hand and attacked Wang Xian directly!

"Kill!"

The rest of the young men rushed over with excitement in their eyes. Killing intent filled the air!

When Ao Jian saw this scene, he slowly raised his palm. He did not even pull out the sword in his hand!

"Die!"

"Die!"

However, just as Ao Jian was about to make his move, two voices filled with killing intent were heard.

Following that, two figures revealed a violent aura on their faces. They were charging towards the 5,000 young men with killing intent.

"What?"

The powerful aura that was suddenly transmitted caused the 5,000 young men to be slightly startled!

"Ah!"

However, a miserable cry was quickly emitted!

"156!"

The sudden attack of the two figures caused the over 10 middle-aged young instructors to be slightly startled. Their expressions changed slightly!

"156, what are you all doing? Stop!"

A middle-aged man took a step forward and shouted at them.

"A bunch of people who are looking for death. Get lost!"

However, 156 didn't pay attention to him. The power of a level 9 transcendent charged to the front!

Dozens of young men and women died under their hands.

The disciples of the Divine Sea Palace suddenly attacked and killed them. This made the young men and women who came to take the test look frightened.

"Sirs, you..."

They retreated backward in horror. They looked at the two middle-aged men who had suddenly charged over in shock!

"Dragon King, please leave!"

The faces of the 156 men changed as they rushed to the side of Wang Xian and the rest. They roared in a low voice.

There was excitement, worry, and fear on their faces!

The two brothers had joined the Divine Sea Palace behind their leader's back because they wanted to avenge the Dragon Palace in the future!

However, only after they joined did they realize how terrifying the Divine Sea Palace was!

They were gods. The Dragon Gate and even the Dragon Palace could not fight against them in the past!

Clap! Clap

Wang Xian looked at the loyal drakonids and patted their shoulders gently.

Although a large part of their loyalty was due to their bloodlines, he was still very impressed that MO 15 and Mo 16 could achieve such a feat.

"Dragon King?"

When the people of the Divine Sea Palace saw the abnormal behavior of the two people, they were full of surprise when they suddenly came to the three people and said something.

Dragon King? Who Was It?

Why did 156 do such a thing?

The two of them were outstanding existences in the same level of the Divine Sea Palace, and they were highly valued by many people!

And now, because of these three strangers, they killed a group of disciples who came to take the test and addressed each other respectfully as Dragon King?

"156, who are they? Who Are you people?"

The young mentor glanced at the corpses on the ground and stared at the two of them with a cold expression.

"Dragon King, the strength of the Spirit Sea Palace is not something we can contend with. Leave quickly, we will help you stop them!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Devil 15 and Devil 16 still ignored the young man and spoke to Wang Xian anxiously once again.

"Both of you should live a good life!"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them and said calmly!

"156, I think both of you are courting death!"

When the young mentor of the Spirit Sea Palace saw that the two of them still ignored him, his eyes were filled with killing intent.

He moved his body and stretched out his claw. An incomparably huge claw materialized and clawed at them!

"Stand aside!"

Wang Xian ordered when he saw Devil No. 15 and Devil No. 16 whose expressions had changed drastically.

He looked at the young man and slowly swept his gaze across everyone around him!

Clang

As his gaze swept past them, the sound of a sharp sword could be heard from the side. The sword was not unsheathed and Ao Jian merely raised his arm gently.

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped. The bodies of the five thousand young men and women in front of them, as well as the young mentor who was attacking them, froze instantly!

"Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang!"

Without a sound or a scream, bodies fell to the ground one after another.

With a wave of his hand, all five to six thousand people died.

Ao Jian was cold-blooded. He cultivated the path of ruthlessness without any feelings!

He only knew that anyone who offended a dragon king would die, even if they were innocent!

The Dragon Guards had no feelings, only ruthlessness, and only the Dragon King!

"Hiss"

The sudden death of thousands of people caused everyone in the surrounding Divine Sea Palace to suck in a breath of cold air.

The pupils of the more than ten teachers standing at the front shrunk slightly as they looked at Ao Jian in shock!

"Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Wang Xian. Twelve years ago, I was called the Dragon King Here!"

"Once, the Underwater Dragon Palace that you destroyed was my palace!"

Wang Xian saw their shocked look and introduced himself to them indifferently!