Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1818: The 1818 world did not recognize him

"Dragon King?"

Wang Xian's voice reverberated in the surroundings. Everyone could hear him clearly.

His voice was filled with calmness and calmness.

However, under the contrast of the thousands of corpses around them, one could not help but feel a chill in their hearts!

His words made the young men of the Divine Sea Palace look puzzled.

Dragon King?

"Dragon King, you are the Dragon King? You are the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

All of a sudden, an exclamation came from the back. A middle-aged man stared at Wang Xian with his eyes wide open. His eyes were filled with shock.

Although it had been more than ten years and the world no longer recognized him, the word 'Dragon King'still represented an era!

An era that was shrouded by the Dragon King!

Some of the middle-aged men still knew the era of the recovery of spiritual energy, the name of the Dragon King, and the power of the Dragon King!

"The Dragon King? The Dragon King from more than ten years ago!"

"The Invincible Dragon King from more than ten years ago on Earth?"

The middle-aged man's exclamation seemed to stir up some memories, and more people showed surprised expressions!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

When some people recalled, a rapid sound of a conch resounded throughout the entire spirit sea palace.

For the first time, the rapid sound of a conch came from the sea god Palace, and it was also the first time that someone dared to cause trouble in the Dragon Palace.

And the troublemaker was that Dragon King!

"Dragon King? What Dragon King? Is it that Lord Sea God who came to destroy the trashy dragon palace with a casual blow?"

At this moment, the middle-aged man among the dozen or so instructors looked at the group of people who had been killed in an instant with an embarrassed expression and roared in a low voice.

"A dragon king who is as small as an ant dares to kill people in our Divine Sea Palace!"

As he spoke, he scanned his surroundings and saw the sea god Palace disciples flying over. He felt confident!

That terrifying attack just now had terrified him.

The middle-aged swordsman who had attacked just now was much stronger than him!

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

As soon as he finished speaking, more than 10,000 figures quickly swam over.

There were mermaids with Tridents and humans with horns on their heads. Each of them was emitting a terrifying aura as they flew over!

The hurried sound of conch shells from the spirit sea palace indicated that there was an enemy invasion.

Ever since they descended to Earth, no one had dared to invade the Spirit Sea Palace.

"What happened? !"

At this moment, a young voice sounded.

A young man and a woman were standing in front of two blue-armored, ferocious-looking aquatic creatures. They were swimming toward them!

Behind the young man and the woman were more than a dozen middle-aged men in full armor and holding long spears. Their sharp eyes swept over, full of dignity!

"Your Highness, the Divine Son! Your Highness, the Goddess!"

More than a dozen instructors and a group of disciples of the Divine Sea Palace who were cultivating hurriedly knelt down and shouted at the young man and the lady.

The young man was dressed in sky-blue soft armor and had a towering head. He looked extremely handsome.

The Lady was dressed in the same sky-blue color. On top of her clothes were gemstones that were emitting powerful energy. She was extremely beautiful!

The children of the sea god of the Sea God Palace! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Who dares to kill people in our Divine Sea Palace!"

The crown prince's gaze swept across the corpses on the ground. A cold glint shot out from his eyes as his gaze landed on Wang Xian and the rest in the middle!

"Son of deity, he calls himself the Dragon King. He should be the master of the Dragon Palace that the sea god casually destroyed when our divine sea palace descended!"

"He came and killed all of our assessment members and one of our disciples!"

The middle-aged mentor immediately reported respectfully to the Crown Prince of the Divine Sea Palace.

The arrival of the experts from the Divine Sea Palace made him slightly relieved!

"Dragon King? The Dragon King who ruled this world before we descended? According to our estimations, his strength at that time was at most at the extraordinary realm. Why is he here to take revenge now?"

The goddess beside him looked at Wang Xian curiously and asked in puzzlement!

"It's Her Highness, the goddess. It's that Dragon King. He was the overlord of our Earth more than ten years ago, the Master of the Dragon Palace!"

A middle-aged man who knew the situation immediately reported to the princess.

He looked at Wang Xian with a complicated expression. He was once the overlord of Earth. Unfortunately, the earth had changed.

Now, it was the world of the gods. It was the world of the five major forces!

"Goddess, this is indeed the former Dragon King of Earth. I've seen him before. There are no changes compared to more than ten years ago!"

After the middle-aged man finished speaking, an old man dressed in luxurious clothes came close to the group of people who followed the crown prince and Princess. He reported to them in a low voice.

"What Dragon Palace? What Dragon King? He is just an ant in front of our Divine Sea Palace!"

"He dares to kill people in our Divine Sea Palace. capture him and send him into the ice region. Let him enjoy the bitter cold of the ice region!"

The son of deity looked at Wang Xian and didn't put him in his eyes at all. He waved his hand and ordered!

"It's the son of deity!"

A Merman with a trident in his hand bowed and responded. He gestured to his subordinates beside him!

"Sir Guard, be careful. That middle-aged swordsman is very strong!"

The middle-aged man who had just started reminded him immediately.

"Hehe, even if the other forces of the divine kingdom come to our Divine Sea Palace to cause trouble, they can forget about leaving!"

The leader of the patrol guards who was holding the Trident smiled confidently!

This was the Divine Kingdom of Lord Sea God. It was their territory!

Buzz

"Kneel down and bow your heads, or we will chop off your limbs!"

More than a dozen patrol guards swam over and shouted at Wang Xian and the rest coldly.

"I didn't expect the Dragon King to be alive. However, he is too irrational. He actually dared to barge into the sea god Palace!"

"Times have changed. The ice region is a place where the sinners of the sea god Palace are imprisoned. Once they are imprisoned, their lives would be worse than death!"

Whispers could be heard. Most of the people in the training grounds were natives of Earth.

Seeing the sudden appearance of the Dragon King, they were both shocked and slightly sighed.

This time, the Dragon King might have been completely defeated!

However, the Dragon King was already an outdated person on earth. Compared to the current generation of divine sons and goddesses, he was nothing compared to the proud sons of heaven who wanted to ascend to the divine throne.

Even if the outside world knew that the Dragon King had returned and was killed by the Divine Sea Palace, they would not be too shocked!

"Where is your sea god? Eight years ago, he destroyed the Dragon Palace and killed the disciples of my Dragon Palace. Ask him to give me an explanation!"

Wang Xian glanced at the tens of thousands of disciples of the Divine Sea Palace around him indifferently. He landed on the divine son and Goddess and spoke calmly!

"Our Sea God is not something that an ant like you can see!"

When the dozen or so guards heard Wang Xian's words, a cold glint appeared in their eyes. The trident in their hands attacked the limbs of Wang Xian and the rest.

"Then I shall wait!"

Wang Xian shook his head slowly.

"Heartless sword desolation, rampage in all directions!"

Ao Jian's cold voice rang out. He unsheathed the sharp sword in his hand. Countless sword rays instantly attacked the surroundings!

The attack of a half-step godly state was unleashed.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

When the countless Golden Sword Rays were unsheathed, the entire divine sea palace trembled.

"Not good, he's very strong!"

The expressions of the divine sons and goddesses, as well as the dozen or so experts behind them, changed drastically!