Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chapter 1819: The 1819 God’s death and the world’s wailing shocked the world

"Demigod, Demigod's strength, and it's at the peak of the demigod realm!"

When Ao Jian's heartless sword was unsheathed and the sword rays attacked the surroundings, everyone's expressions changed!

Especially the divine sons and divine daughters. As the children of the sea god, their own strength had already reached the longevity realm, which was the demigod realm. When they felt ao Jian's attack, their expressions changed drastically!

"Be careful, sons and daughters!"

Behind them, more than a dozen other demigod experts instantly arrived in front of them. Each of them had a mysterious water shield in front of them to block the attack.

They looked at the horrifying sword light with shock in their eyes.

"Be careful!"

"Be careful!"

"His strength is so terrifying!"

The expressions of the surrounding disciples of the Divine Sea Palace changed drastically. More than a dozen guards who were in the lead showed despair in their eyes.

They could feel the destructive attacks from the sharp swords!

"Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!"

The piercing sounds rang out as the sharp sword rays pierced through the tens of thousands of experts from the surrounding Divine Sea Palace!

"Peng! Peng! Peng!"

"Not good, the attack power is too strong!"

In front of the divine sons and goddesses, the expressions of the dozen or so demigod experts changed drastically when they saw the sharp swords landing on their water shields!

Their defenses were like a layer of paper in front of the sharp swords. They were not on the same level at all!

"No!"

The five or six demigods of the Divine Sea Palace who were standing at the very front let out terrified roars when they saw the sharp swords coming toward them.

"Pu, Pu, Pu!"

"Sea god Sky Screen!"

The divine sons standing at the back widened their eyes. Their eyes were filled with shock.

He placed his hands on his chest, and a blue screen of light completely surrounded them!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The sharp sword landed on it, making a dull, loud sound.

The goddess'face instantly turned extremely pale. She looked at the tens of thousands of corpses in front of her and around her in a Daze!

"How is this possible?"

The divine son's expression changed as he stared at AO Jian and growled in a low voice.

"This..."

Around them, the people in the cultivation field who had not been attacked revealed expressions of shock.

They watched this scene in disbelief, staring blankly at the guards of the Divine Sea Palace.

There were more than 10,000 guards, more than 10,000 experts, and every guard had reached the insightful void realm.

But now, they were all killed in one move by the swordsman beside the Dragon King!

There were more than 10,000 insightful void realm experts, and each of them was an existence they had to look up to!

Even the demigod who had followed the divine son and Goddess was killed directly!

This was a demigod!

An invincible demigod who could turn the clouds and rain upside down!

"Father, save me!"

Immediately after, the divine son's terrified voice resounded throughout the entire divine sea palace, causing the expressions of all living beings in the palace to change drastically!

The son of deity was actually calling for help here.

All the experts of the Divine Sea Palace immediately flew over.

"This... The swordsman beside the Dragon King is so powerful. How can he be so powerful? How is this possible? He killed more than 10,000 experts of the Divine Sea Palace in one move!"

"Just how powerful are the Dragon King and the others? Oh My God, has the former Dragon King returned?"

Shocked voices came from the training ground!

Those middle-aged men who had gone through the era of the Dragon King were shocked. Those young men who had not gone through the era of the Dragon King were also dumbfounded!

The Legendary Dragon King was so terrifying now?

"Eh?"

At this moment, in the deepest part of the Divine Sea Palace.

There was a depression there. The whole depression was emitting a mysterious light. A burly middle-aged man was sitting in the center with his legs crossed.

When he heard the voice coming from the Divine Sea Palace, he slowly opened his eyes.

The entire scene in the Divine Sea Palace appeared in his mind.

As the Divine Sea Palace, he was the ruler here!

When the scene in the outer cultivation field appeared in his mind, a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the entire Divine Sea Palace let out a soundless roar. A terrifying pressure appeared in the sky above the cultivation field.

The vast and mighty power seemed to have taken over the entire world!

Out of thin air, a burly middle-aged man appeared in front of the divine sons and goddesses!

"Bang!"

A burly middle-aged man with sky-blue pupils stood in the sky!

The burly middle-aged man was two meters tall. On the empty ground beside him, a three-meter-wide trident that was emitting divine light appeared out of thin air!

The burly middle-aged man held the Trident and looked down at Wang Xian and the rest from above!

"Father!"

"Father!"

"Sea God!"

When the divine sons and goddesses saw their father appear, they were pleasantly surprised.

Around them, the disciples of the Divine Sea Palace immediately knelt on the ground and bowed to the sea god.

"Which faction is it?"

The burly sea god stared at Wang Xian and the rest. The blue light had locked onto them completely.

Sensing his strength, his eyes were filled with coldness.

The entire sea god Palace was emitting an extremely oppressive aura.

Boom

Crash

Suddenly, a strong gust of wind blew in the surrounding sea area of the sea god Palace. The waves rose to a height of over a thousand meters!

The waves within a radius of a few thousand kilometers howled violently even though there was no wind!

"What's going on? What happened in the ocean?"

"What a huge wave. Oh No, evacuate immediately. What's going on? is the sea god angry?"

In the coastal area, as well as some ships on the ocean, when they saw the huge wave that was suddenly raised, they were all shocked.

Only the sea god's anger could raise such a terrifying wave!

Many experts also looked toward the ocean in astonishment, their hearts filled with astonishment.

The entire ocean was surging. In the Divine Sea Palace, everyone could feel the mighty power of the Sea God!

"Dragon Palace, Dragon King!"

Wang Xian saw the sea god appearing in front of him and replied indifferently!

"The Dragon King from the Dragon Palace on Earth?"

The sea god stared at Wang Xian expressionlessly and continued to ask!

"That's right. I'm here to seek an explanation for the destruction of my Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly and questioned.

"Hiss, this..."

All the disciples of the Divine Sea Palace around them were shocked when they saw the dragon king facing their sea god nonchalantly.

Where did the Dragon King get his confidence from?

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

While the sea god was conversing with Wang Xian, millions of creatures from the entire divine sea palace had gathered.

Among them, there were mermaids and humans. Their bodies were emitting a terrifying power!

"Lord Sea God, please calm down. Let's kill these reckless fools!"

Five old men who were emitting a terrifying aura took a step forward and spoke to the sea god!

"Father, that middle-aged swordsman has the strength of a peak demigod!"

The son of deity pointed at Ao Jian and spoke with a slight fear in his heart!

"A bunch of fellows who didn't ignite the divine fire dare to barge into my God's Kingdom?"

The sea god stared at Wang Xian and the rest with disdain as he spoke coldly.

"If you don't give me a reply regarding the destruction of the Dragon Palace, I will have to settle it in my own way!"

Wang Xian saw that the sea god didn't reply to him and reminded him calmly!