Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1820: 1820 god died. The world was in a state of shock

"Hahaha, let our Divine Sea Palace give you an explanation. Let Our Sea God give you an explanation. You Dare to kill people in our Divine Sea Palace. All of you are destined to die here!"

"What Dragon King of the Dragon Palace? Die!"

Faced with Wang Xian's final reminder, the Sea God stood in the sky above the Divine Sea Palace and stared at them coldly. His eyes were filled with coldness and disdain!

The five old men who were walking over were filled with rage and murderous intent as they roared.

As soon as they finished their words, three of them started to move.

There were two mermaids. One of them was a human. The mermaids were holding a trident while the other old man was holding a spear. The three of them waved their hands in front of them.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Three streams of water that were ten meters thick attacked Wang Xian and the rest directly.

As soon as he finished speaking, he was killed!

On Earth, those in the realm of longevity were known as demigods. As for the three of them, they were all at the peak of the demigod realm and were only one step away from the divine level.

They did not put them in their eyes when they faced the three fellows who did not ignite the divine fire!

"Very good. Since you guys destroyed my Dragon Palace back then, I shall destroy your Divine Sea Palace today!"

Wang Xian's expression did not change at all when he saw the three attacks!

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang

Ao Jian, who was standing at the side, pointed his longsword. Six intersecting metal swords met the three attacks head-on.

"Bang!"

A violent collision sounded. Ao jian stood proudly in front of them and easily blocked the three attacks!

"Huh?"

Ao Jian's strength stunned the three peak-stage demigod powerhouses who were attacking him. Their faces revealed a look of surprise and their expressions became solemn.

"Father, it's that middle-aged swordsman. Their strength is terrifying. They killed more than 10,000 guards of our Divine Sea Palace in one move!"

Seeing that the attacks of the three peak-stage demigod experts of their divine sea palace had been blocked, the divine son and Goddess said with an embarrassed expression.

If he hadn't taken out the defensive weapon that his father had given him, he would have been killed by that attack!

"They are still ants if they haven't ignited the divine fire!"

"Even if they have ignited the divine fire and entered my God Kingdom, they will still die!"

The Sea God didn't show any sign that Ao jian could withstand his subordinates'attacks.

"Chop off their limbs and suppress the ice domain until they die. Anyone who dares to kill my God Sea Palace's disciples and anyone related to them will be suppressed!"

The Sea God judged indifferently and slowly raised his head.

He stood high above and judged the sins of the human world!

Boom

An extremely terrifying divine power pressed toward Wang Xian and the rest!

"Yes!"

The five powerhouses at the peak of the demigod realm cupped their hands. With the suppression of the divine kingdom, it was easy for them to cut off the limbs of the other party!

"This Dragon King appeared out of nowhere and actually has such a powerful subordinate. However, he dares to barge into father's divine kingdom without lighting the divine fire. What a fool!"

Seeing her father getting angry, the goddess stared coldly at Wang Xian and the other two!

"The Dragon King is done for. Lord Sea God said that they didn't even become gods without igniting the divine flame. Furthermore, they are in Lord Sea God's divine kingdom. This is simply courting death!"

"Back then, the Dragon King fought his way here undefeated. Now, things are different from the past. He actually dared to barge into our divine sea palace. He's courting death!"

"The Dragon King's power is indeed terrifying, but he's too confident. Hehe, it's good that he's dead!"

At the training ground, everyone watched this scene with indifference and even some schadenfreude.

The Dragon King's power surprised them greatly. However, they were disciples of the Divine Sea Palace after all. If the Dragon King came to cause trouble, he would be their enemy.

Now that he was killed, they were happy to see it.

"A true God who only lit a wisp of divine fire dares to be so high and mighty?"

Wang Xian looked at the sea god who was looking down at them and smiled contemptuously!

"Bang!"

When Wang Xian finished his words, a heavy collision sound was heard.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Following that, the entire divine sea palace trembled. Cracks slowly appeared on the ground of the divine kingdom.

"What?"

The tremor of the Divine Kingdom and the collapse of the ground of the divine kingdom caused everyone's expressions to change drastically. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The high and Mighty Sea God lost his calmness from before. His pupils contracted slightly as he looked at AO Qitian beside him!

The three-colored Gouyu's pupils flickered with violent power. Flames, lightning, and demonic qi churned on his body!

A golden cudgel weapon appeared in his hand. The Cudgel landed on the divine kingdom, and the cracks spread to the surrounding areas!

"No one dares to stand high in front of our Dragon King. If there is one, let him be turned into ashes!"

A violent voice came out of Ao Qitian's mouth. His three Gouyu eyes stared at the sea god and slowly landed on the five peak-stage demigod powerhouses who were rushing toward them.

Buzz

The three gouyu began to spin in his eyes, and a violent energy burst out of his eyes.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In an instant, a violent explosion sounded from all directions.

"No, what kind of power is this!"

The five peak-stage demigod experts who rushed over felt that their bodies were actually slowly splitting apart. Their faces revealed a terrified expression as they shouted loudly.

They could only watch as their bodies split apart, and their expressions were filled with terror!

"Bang!"

A violent explosion came from their bodies. In an instant, the five peak-stage demigod experts were annihilated.

Not only them, but the surrounding buildings also exploded!

Without any warning, no one saw ao Qitian's attack!

"Rumble!"

The destruction of the divine kingdom caused the entire Divine Sea Palace to roar, and the surrounding sea area was even more violent!

"How dare a tiny wisp of divine fire god Act so arrogantly in front of our Dragon King!"

"Roar!"

A loud explosion exploded, and the five peak-stage demigod experts were reduced to ashes. Everyone's faces were filled with shock and horror.

However, at this moment, a violent voice once again resounded throughout the entire Divine Sea Palace.

Ao Qitian held the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand, and his body slowly grew to the size of 20 meters.

His incomparably violent aura broke through the restraints of the Divine Kingdom!

The Divine Sea Palace's suppression on him had become a complete joke!

"Today, the God dies!"

Ao Qitian's incomparably tyrannical eyes stared at the sea god, and his body moved, instantly appearing in front of the sea god.

"How is this possible? You clearly didn't ignite the divine fire, how could you have such terrifying strength!"

At this moment, seeing the collapse of the divine kingdom, a look of shock and fear appeared in Sea God's eyes, and he shouted in disbelief.

He raised the trident in his hand and raised it horizontally to block the position in front of him.

"Bang!"

An incomparably loud collision sound was heard, and the violent power and violent attributes caused sea god's expression to change drastically.

His body was like an ant in front of Ao Qitian, and he directly fell toward the position below.

"Boom!"

The Sea God's huge body sank into the bottom of the sea!

With just one strike, the sea god, who was known as invincible on Earth, fell into the bottom of the sea!