Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1822: The world of 1822 shook

Sea God was a little terrified, and a faint fear rose in his heart.

He looked at Ao Qitian, who was extremely violent and powerful. As he flew backward, he saw the Dragon King's calm expression!

When he saw the calm face without any surprise, he suddenly felt a faint sense of despair!

A subordinate of the Dragon King was able to completely suppress him. How powerful was the Dragon King?

How could there be such a powerful indigenous people on Earth?

He was a god who had descended, but he was an invincible existence. He would never have thought that he would encounter such a terrifying enemy on Earth.

When he descended, the Dragon Palace on Earth was no different from an ant in their eyes. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The voice of begging for mercy and admitting defeat rang out in the entire Divine Sea Palace.

All the disciples in the Spirit Sea Palace widened their eyes and were filled with shock.

Their God had actually admitted defeat!

He admitted defeat to the Dragon King!

"It's Too Late!"

Wang Xian looked at the sea god indifferently. Why was he so high and mighty just now? He even thought that he was an invincible existence.

If they weren't a match for the sea god, they would be suppressed in the ice domain until they died.

This was especially so since the sea god had once said that he would kill all his family and friends.

Wang Xian hated it the most when others threatened him. Those who threatened him would have to bear the consequences!

"Die!"

"Roar!"

Ao Qitian let out a violent roar. The ocean-pacifying needle in his hand grew to a thousand meters in size!

The ocean-pacifying needle, which was covered in flames, darkness, and lightning, was filled with destructive power!

"You Want to kill me? Dream On! I'm a God from the boundless star field, a god from the boundless sea!"

Sea God roared with a savage face!

A dazzling blue divine screen appeared in front of him. He waved his trident, and the divine screen attacked Ao Qitian.

"Explode!"

Ao Qitian saw the divine screen, and the strength of his arm increased. The thousand-meter-large sea-pacifying divine needle shot forward.

Crack! Crack! Crack

The sound of breaking was heard, and pieces of indestructible materials fell from the sky above the divine kingdom.

The divine screen slowly cracked, and continued to attack him!

"Blood Prison Mad Dragon, Die!"

The moment the sea-pacifying needle broke the divine screen, Ao Qitian released the sea-pacifying needle, and his figure instantly appeared in the sky above the sea god.

The Dark Dragon, Thunder Dragon, and Fire Dragon appeared behind him, hovering behind AO qitian.

He waved his arm and smashed it toward the sea god!

The three dragons behind him entered ao Qitian's body and burst out of his fist.

"Boom!"

The huge fist landed on the sea god's body. He stared at AO Qitian with his blood-red eyes.

His body began to crack slowly!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

A mournful cry came from the Divine Sea Palace.

At that moment, a drop of bright blood entered the divine realm from behind sea god.

The mournful cry came to an abrupt end!

"Lord Sea God, Lord Sea God has fallen!"

"No, no, no, Father!"

"How is this possible? Sea God has actually fallen? Oh My God!"

Shocking Voices rang out in the Divine Sea Palace, and the bodies of the million experts in the palace trembled violently.

The eyes of the son of God and the goddess were red. Their faces were filled with grief and despair!

"Sea God, do you still want to escape in front of me?"

However, at this moment, a calm voice rang out again!

"What?"

When everyone heard this, they immediately turned to look at the Dragon King!

"Sea God, you destroyed my dragon palace and killed the disciples of my Dragon Palace. Don't even think about escaping today!"

Wang Xian said slowly again.

He had clearly seen the collapse of the sea god's body and the escape of the drop of divine blood from the Sea God!

After becoming a god, the most powerful thing was not the qualitative change of one's strength, but the qualitative change of one's physical body.

A drop of blood could be resurrected, but a severed head could still be resurrected!

As for the regeneration of a severed arm, it was a piece of cake!

The Sea God had said at the end that it was wishful thinking to kill him!

If Wang Xian didn't use his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes to observe, it would have been difficult for him to notice that a drop of the sea god's divine blood was escaping!

At the very least, AO Qitian didn't notice it.

Unfortunately, the sea god was destined to die today!

"As for you, the disciples of the Divine Sea Palace, you have followed the wrong master!"

Wang Xian glanced at everyone around him and said indifferently!

Buzz

After he finished speaking, the virtual image of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom slowly appeared behind him!

The current Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom covered an area of 200 kilometers.

The Virtual Dragon Kingdom emitted an unparalleled and terrifying pressure. Even the position of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom seemed extremely tiny in front of it.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The roars of dragons came from the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom.

The terrifying pressure made all the disciples in the Divine Sea Palace Tremble!

"What... What is he doing? Did he discover me?"

At this moment, in the center of the Divine Sea Palace, a drop of the God's blood of the sea god was hidden below.

Sensing the appearance of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom behind Wang Xian, the God's blood of the sea god was fluctuating violently!

When he begged for mercy and the other party did not agree, the sea god was already prepared to escape.

As long as he escaped, even without the divine kingdom, he could slowly recover in a few decades!

In fact, when Earth wandered to the boundless star field a few years later, he could return to the boundless sea and ask his master and senior brothers to help him re-condense the divine seat!

At that time, he would ask his master and the others to help him take revenge!

He was already prepared for everything.

But when he saw the shadow that contained a terrifying power, he had a bad premonition!

"What is the Dragon King doing? What is that terrifying shadow behind him!"

"What does he mean? Did We follow the wrong master? is he going to kill us?"

"No, no!"

In the Spirit Sea Palace, all the disciples of the sea god Palace looked terrified.

"Dragon King, don't Kill Us. No, we are also citizens of Earth!"

Some of the young and middle-aged men shouted in panic.

Buzz

Faced with the begging voices around him, Wang Xian didn't show any signs of change.

At this moment, a scene that shocked everyone appeared.

The mysterious and terrifying palace that was 200 kilometers long actually started to devour the Sea God Palace.

That's right, it was devouring. The mysterious and terrifying palace was devouring the Sea God Palace bit by bit!

This was the sea god's divine kingdom, and it was being devoured bit by bit!

"What's going on? No, no, no, he's devouring my divine kingdom! He's Devouring My Divine Kingdom!"

The Sea God felt this scene and was shocked. He roared in his heart.

What the hell was this Dragon King? How could he be so terrifying! !

"Run, Run Now!"

He controlled the divine blood and tried to run away.

"Roar!"

However, at this moment, a terrifying suction force came from the mysterious palace.

The Sea God, who had only one drop of divine blood left, couldn't resist at all!

"No, no, no, no! How could I die on this small planet? !"

The Sea God's true voice of despair, resounding throughout the palace!