Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1823: The 1823 World Shook

"This, this, this..."

When the sea god's voice suddenly filled the divine sea palace again, all the disciples'eyes were blank, and their faces were filled with shock!

"Whoosh!"

At this moment, everyone saw a drop of blood containing enormous energy fly towards the mysterious palace.

"No, Father!"

When the divine sons and goddesses saw the drop of divine blood, they naturally knew what was unexpected!

This meant that their father had completely fallen!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

A sorrowful cry came from the Divine Kingdom!

The Sea God had completely fallen!

A god, from igniting the divine fire to condensing the divine spark, to finally lifting the divine kingdom!

The ascension of a God could cause a huge change in the world. It could cause the purple clouds to come from the east, and it could cause a certain attribute to jump in joy!

However, when a god fell, it could also cause a huge change in the world.

When a certain attribute of a god fell, a certain attribute within a radius of at least ten thousand kilometers would let out a sorrowful cry.

This sound represented the sorrowful cry of the world.

At the same time, this attribute within a radius of ten thousand kilometers would undergo a special change! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Hualala!"

Strangely, on the surface of the Pacific Ocean, the waves that were surging earlier slowly calmed down.

In the sky, heavy rain fell without any warning.

"WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!"

Amidst the heavy rain, there were cries of grief.

This was the grief of the water attribute. This represented the death of a water attribute God!

Within a radius of 10,000 kilometers, the coastal cities by the sea were all covered by heavy rain.

Suddenly, the heavy rain without any warning, without the slightest lightning or thunder, began to pour down!

Everyone's faces were filled with astonishment.

When the mournful cries were heard, countless people widened their eyes, their faces filled with shock.

Torrential rain, the mournful cries of heaven and earth, and the fall of the Water God!

The current Earth was not like the past, where they knew nothing about cultivation. After the teachings of the various divine kingdom experts, they understood a lot.

Among them were records of the death of gods and the wailing of Heaven and earth!

This was the first time they had seen such a scene, but it was exactly the same as the records!

In the skyscraping treasured palace located in the eastern sky, a few middle-aged men and women in the palace revealed shocked expressions when they heard the commotion from the Pacific Ocean.

Their figures moved, and illusory shadows appeared above the skyscraping treasured palace!

"Poseidon is dead!"

"Who did it? On the entire earth, only the Templar's people can make the sea god die without even a chance to escape. Could it be them?"

"I don't think so. The Templar's people have a good relationship with the endless sea. They won't make Poseidon die completely!"

"Could it be? Those gods who almost died and blended into earth to recover their strength?"

"It's possible, but there's another possibility. After the Great War on Earth in the ancient times, those ancient gods who left their divine blood behind!"

"The Earth's spiritual energy has only recovered for a dozen years, but someone actually killed a god. Let's pay attention. After all, earth was once glorious!"

"It should be a powerful god from the ancient times. He is gradually being revived because of this spiritual essence restoration!"

10,000 meters above the Lingxiao treasured palace, a few figures were talking. They were looking at the Divine Sea Palace with serious expressions.

At the same time, at the equator, above the enormous throne of the Fire God Palace!

In the west, on the Divine Mountain that was emitting divine flames in the sky!

There was a huge figure floating at the top of the pyramid!

All of them looked at the sky and the direction of the Sea God Palace!

The fall of the sea god Poseidon shocked them!

However, when they thought of this planet, they fell silent again.

The earth had given birth to many starry forces, but in a battle.

The incomparably huge earth had become a small ball!

The spiritual energy had been completely exhausted, and even this starry sky had been called the abandoned domain of the gods!

Even though they were gods, they were still extremely surprised that this planet had given birth to humans and that the spiritual energy had been restored.

The once dazzling planet was undergoing changes that even they couldn't predict!

"A God has fallen. There are two water gods on Earth, and in the direction of the Pacific Ocean, there is a sea god. The Sea God has fallen!"

"Heavens, not long ago, the entire ocean underwent a terrifying transformation. Now, the Sea God has fallen. This is too terrifying!"

"Who did this? Did other gods do this? A God has fallen, and even a God has fallen!"

Compared to the solemn shock of the gods, the others were even more shocked!

The Sea God was the only God on Earth who had ever made a move.

Just as he descended, the Trident lightly waved, and an attack covering an area of 20 kilometers directly destroyed the dragon palace at the bottom of the sea.

It was said that the sea god hadn't even revealed a tenth of his strength!

But now, the Sea God had fallen!

The gods were shocked, and the world was shaken!

The entire Earth was in an uproar, and countless people were discussing the matter of the sea god!

Among them, there were also people who looked in the direction of the Pacific Ocean in a daze, and their faces were filled with contemplation.

No one would have thought that the sea god's fall was because the Dragon King had returned!

After 12 years, the Dragon King had become a memory to them. They had forgotten about it.

This was a glorious era, an era where heaven's favorites were rampant!

At the same time, at the position of the Divine Sea Palace, all the disciples of the Divine Sea Palace were feeling the changes in the world. When they saw the divine kingdom being slowly devoured, despair appeared on their faces!

"No, no, no! Don't Kill Us! Don't devour us!"

Terrified pleas for mercy rang out. Wang Xian didn't show any signs of change!

"The Dragon Palace has devoured the water-elemental divine kingdom. They are still short of the seven divine kingdoms of metal, wood, wind, Thunder, darkness, light, and darkness. They will be able to level up!"

The Divine Kingdom of the Dragon God had already been devoured by the Dragon Palace. The Sea God Palace was the second one.

The divine kingdom was converted into materials for the Dragon Palace to level up. Meanwhile, the experts of the sea god Palace would become resources for the members of the Dragon Palace to Level Up!

"The law of the universe, the strong prey on the weak!"

Wang Xian stood there without any change in his expression.

Both parties were enemies. It was either one of them or the other!

The Divine Sea Palace was slowly being devoured!

Some of the corpses of the marine race turned into Dragon Energy and entered his body. It was a pity that the sea god did not belong to the marine race!

Otherwise, devouring the energy of a God would increase his dragon energy by a lot!

However, at this moment, a large amount of dragon blood was flowing out of the mouths of the nine dragon pillars in the dragon transformation pool!

The enormous amount of dragon blood stunned Prime Minister Gui!

Such a large amount of dragon blood could help a leader of the Dragon Palace advance to the Godly State!

"Ao Xingmu, enter the dragon transformation pool and advance to the Godly State!"

Prime Minister Gui hesitated for a moment and called AO Xingmu over!

The potential of the Starwood Dragon was greater than that of the other dragon species!

Once they became gods, their fire attributes would recover and they would have two attributes. They would be the peak dragon species of the Dragon Palace!