Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1824: 1824 ancient gods, ancient mountains, and ancient lands

Buzz

At the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, the sea god Palace that once occupied an area of 1,000 kilometers was slowly being devoured!

Standing at the bottom of the ocean, it was awe-inspiring. The Holy Land of water attribute cultivators was gradually being wiped out!

When the last scream came to an abrupt end, the entire space shook as if it had regained its clarity!

There were no traces of water flowing down from the entire sea.

Wang Xian was floating in the middle of the sea god Palace!

Ao Jian, AO qitian, and the rest had flown to his left and right!

Devil 15 and Devil 16, who were standing at the side, watched this scene in shock. Their eyes were wide open and filled with disbelief.

Just now, they witnessed the destruction of a divine kingdom and the fall of a god.

Their Dragon King didn't make a move other than summoning the mysterious and terrifying palace at the last moment!

Even without the Dragon King, the experts of the Dragon Palace could kill the sea god!

The Dragon King was so powerful that they could never imagine it!

"Our Invincible Dragon King is back!"

Mo fifteen and Mo sixteen looked at each other with excitement!

"Disciples of the Dragon Gate pay their respects to the Dragon King!"

The two of them did not hesitate at all. They knelt in the middle of the ocean and shouted loudly.

"Dragon Gate..."

Wang Xian looked at them and smiled faintly.

Back on Earth, after the rise of the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Gate gradually declined. He did not bother about the disciples of the Dragon Gate anymore!

Now that he saw his loyal subordinates from more than ten years ago kneeling in front of him, he felt a little emotional!

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian waved his hands gently. The powerful force made them stand up immediately!

"We're going to Jiang City. Let's talk while we walk!"

He said to the two dragon gate disciples.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded respectfully.

Ao Jian waved his arms and two sharp swords appeared under their feet. The five of them flew directly to the surface of the sea!

"Splash!"

When they flew out of the water, the sound of a rainstorm was heard!

The entire world seemed to be completely covered by the rainstorm. Ordinary people could not even see a place five or six meters away.

"Not good, they are out!"

"Fortunately, my heaven and earth concealment technique is also extremely powerful in this starry sky. Even a godly state expert would find it difficult to find me!"

"Was the person who destroyed the sea god just now the young man in the middle? It didn't seem to be someone from the other four factions. F * ck, he destroyed everyone in the entire Divine Sea Palace. Not a single one was spared. This person is a ruthless person!"

"Could he be like me? An almighty who only resurrected after a drop of divine blood was restored to his spiritual energy? That's impossible. I think I'm very awesome, but I've only just reached the threshold of a demigod in a short span of more than ten years!"

At this moment, in a hidden corner twenty kilometers away from Wang Xian and the rest, a young man was hiding in the rain.

He looked at Wang Xian and the rest, mumbling non-stop.

As the saying goes, "A man of great skill is bold."When something happened at the Divine Sea Palace, he rushed over immediately.

He happened to see the scene of Wang Xian and the rest coming out.

Towards this young man who was standing in the middle and was able to destroy the sea god, his face was filled with astonishment.

"Looks like I have to be more careful in the future. I'd better be a good second generation. TSK TSK!"

The young man smiled. His figure flashed as he prepared to flee into the distance.

"Huh?"

However, all of a sudden, the young man sensed that the young man was looking in his direction.

"Oh no, I've been discovered. How is this possible? My Heaven and earth concealment technique is the best concealment technique in this starry sky. Even the eternal god Lord might not be able to discover it. Damn it!"

The young man's brows suddenly jumped. Looking at that calm gaze, he nearly wet his pants in fear.

He turned around and fled in terror.

"Peng!"

However, just as he turned around, he bumped into an indestructible invisible wall!

This caused the young man's expression to change drastically!

Sensing the gaze from the back, his expression changed drastically.

"Big Brother, this big brother, this little brother is just passing by, this little brother is just passing by!"

"I don't have any other intentions. I beg Big Brother to let this little brother off. In the future, when I see Big Brother, this little brother will definitely take a detour!"

"Please spare my life, Big Brother! Plop!"

The young man's expression changed. With a plop, he knelt down in the void and shouted with a sad face!

F * ck, the master in front of him had killed the sea god. Not a single disciple of the Divine Sea Palace was left. He was spying here. Maybe this ruthless man wanted to kill him!

He had been silent on earth for more than 100,000 years. It was not easy for him to revive after encountering the recovery of the spiritual essence. He did not want to die!

If he died again, it would be very difficult for him to be revived!

He shouted to the front with an aggrieved look on his face. He looked like a coward!

20 kilometers away, Wang Xian was sizing up this young man. He did not look old, but he had the strength that was close to that of a demigod. (Wanshou was called a demigod on Earth and would be collectively called a demigod in the future)!

Most importantly, Wang Xian discovered that this young man's body contained some kind of divinity. It was the kind of energy that only a god could possess!

Looking at Wang Xian's scrutinizing gaze, the young man's heart trembled. This guy wasn't trying to kill him, right!

"Brother, please spare my life!"

The young man begged loudly again.

"Let's Go!"

From Afar, Wang Xian saw the young man begging for mercy. He smiled faintly and said to Ao Jian and AO qitian.

Turning around, the five of them flew rapidly toward the east.

"Phew, which God is that young man? He seems to possess terrifying ocular skills and the strength in his body is also somewhat terrifying!"

"F * ck, Too Many Gods died in that huge battle more than 100,000 years ago. I wonder which guy shed the blood of God!"

When the young man saw Wang Xian and the rest leaving, he wiped the raindrops on his forehead.

These raindrops were mixed with his cold sweat.

"Let's Go! Let's Go!"

He moved his body and flew rapidly towards a distant location.

After flying for about 100 kilometers, an incomparably huge yacht was parked in the middle of the sea.

The yacht was no longer the same as it was on Earth. It was filled with mystical patterns.

On the side of the yacht, there were four big words, Shenfeng Corporation!

"Young master, you're finally back. We were worried sick!"

The young man flew over, and a dozen middle-aged men dressed neatly on the yacht shouted at the young man anxiously!

"Okay, okay, what could possibly happen to me!"

The young man slightly puffed out his chest and waved at them proudly.

His pride and arrogance were reflected in his body.

It was as if he was not the one who was kneeling there and begging for mercy!

If anyone else on Earth saw this ship, they would definitely recognize it at a glance!

The Shenfeng Group was one of the three major pharmaceutical industries in the east!

And that young man was the famous eldest young master of the Shenfeng Group, the current second-generation rich in the east!

Their pharmaceutical business had already reached the Ling Xiao Palace!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates