Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1825: 1825 ancient gods, ancient mountains, and ancient underground

"The Earth has changed so much in the past ten years!"

In the sky, Wang Xian and the rest flew toward Dongfang Jiang city. They looked down at the unfamiliar city and muttered to themselves.

"Dragon King, during these ten years, the Earth has been undergoing drastic changes every day, especially after the gods from beyond the heavens descended!"

"On Earth, some of the mountain peaks have undergone drastic changes. Divine light has burst forth. There are wild beasts that can communicate with spirits, divine trees that grow, and Lingzhi and lingzhi fruits that have broken out of the ground!"

"In the past few years, Earth has been expanding crazily. Powerful ancient lands have appeared on Earth. There are powerful demonic beasts and ferocious beasts in the ancient lands. There are also incomparably powerful formations and countless treasures!"

"The five major factions have passed down cultivation methods. They have recruited disciples with great talent and entered the ancient lands of the Divine Mountains to search for treasures!"

"Nowadays, there is an endless competition on Earth. Each and every one of them has great strength. Some of the forces even seem to have some reservations about the five major forces!"

"However, those high and mighty gods rarely interfere in the matters on earth. Nowadays, the heaven's favorites are rampant and the divine sons and daughters are suppressing a domain!"

At the side, Mo fifteen and Mo sixteen reported to Wang Xian with a slight sigh.

The current Earth was a dazzling earth. There were all sorts of mysterious places and all sorts of heaven's favorites competing with each other!

Coupled with the fact that the current Earth was wandering and flying towards the starfield that they didn't know about, the future was filled with uncertainty and hope for everyone!

The great era had arrived!

"How are the Dragon Gate Disciples Now?"

Wang Xian asked the two drakonids.

"Dragon King, after the Dragon Palace went into seclusion, the disciples of the Dragon Gate were fine. They settled down in Jiang City. Now, there are brothers who are getting married and having children!"

"A few years ago, an ancient land appeared in Jiang City. Although it is not considered the top ancient land on Earth, it is still considered pretty good. It was occupied by the leader and the rest!"

Devil 15 and Devil 16 said.

"It's good to get married and have children!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and looked at the vast land.

In the sky, there were experts flying in the sky from time to time.

Although the spiritual energy had recovered and the earth had undergone a huge change, there were still many things that had not changed.

For example, tall buildings and cars that were driving on the ground!

All of them were powerful corporations!

The difference was that the high-rise buildings were sturdier, the cars were more cool, and the speed and safety were more powerful.

The ordinary corporations of the past were now replaced by pill manufacturing companies and weapons manufacturing companies!

Entertainment venues, bars, ktvs, and the like still existed.

Unfamiliar yet familiar!

An incomparably huge palace stood in the sky, and one could vaguely see some people entering and leaving!

From Devil 15 and Devil 16, they learned that the Lingxiao treasured palace was the largest faction in the east!

The gods were in charge, and the heaven's favorites and divine sons and goddesses were roaming freely!

"That is?" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Wang Xian, who was flying in the sky, looked at a mountain peak below. His eyes were flashing with a mystical luster!

"Dragon King, that is Mount Heng. The spiritual energy has recovered, and Mount Heng has undergone a huge change. Spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits have emerged from the ground and are now occupied by a divine son!"

The drakonid at the side replied.

Wang Xian opened his dragon eyes of Yin-yang and five elements and swept his gaze across the mountain peak that was emitting divine light.

Mount Heng of South Yue was also a famous mountain peak in this land.

However, Mount Heng was now a few thousand meters tall. The spirit trees of transcendence level covered the entire mountain peak.

The chirping of birds and beasts could be compared to some of the treasured lands of families in the transcendence continent.

"The god's blood. This mountain has been bathed in the god's blood. The corpses of the gods have rotted here and improved the entire Mount Heng!"

Wang Xian's dragon eyes of yin and Yang and the five elements revealed a surprised expression.

"I know now. Why do I feel that there's something strange in the body of that young man on the surface of the sea?"

Looking at the mystical Mount Heng, he stopped. His eyes were flashing with astonishment!

"No wonder that young man possesses divinity. That young man is a god himself, a fallen God!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with radiance.

Only a fallen God who was resurrected and re-cultivated with divine blood would have such energy in his body.

"If I knew this would happen, I would have captured that fellow and searched his memory with my soul!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly!

His body moved and he continued to fly forward.

He deliberately slowed down to tour the earth after the great change.

In less than an hour, another mysterious place appeared in his sight.

This was a mysterious place with an area of several thousand kilometers. Wang Xian, who used to be extremely familiar with earth, could confirm that there was no such place in the past!

"Dragon King, after the recovery of the spiritual energy, some of the ground suddenly appeared. This is one of them. It is called an ancient land!"

"There are many treasures in the ancient land. It is a holy land for cultivation. However, it is also filled with danger. This is one of the twenty ancient lands of the east. Countless people enter and explore it every day!"

The drakonid saw Wang Xian's puzzled gaze and explained to him.

"Ancient land?"

Wang Xian looked at the area of a few thousand kilometers below him. Based on the energy in this area, he was almost certain that this was the Kingdom of God.

The Real Kingdom of God!

However, this Kingdom of God had been completely destroyed. Only a few things remained.

It formed the ancient land on Earth!

Even if it was some ordinary things that were left behind in the Kingdom of God, they were still rare treasures in front of ordinary cultivators.

There might even be treasures that were extremely precious to the gods.

"It seems that the rapid rise of some people on Earth has a lot to do with the Kingdom of God!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. The Divine Mountain of the Kingdom of God was definitely a treasure in the transcendence continent. It was an existence that even demigods yearned for.

Now that there were so many ruins of the Kingdom of God on Earth, it was a great opportunity for cultivators!

"Pagoda Pagoda Pagoda!"

At this moment, the sound of huge beasts galloping could be heard from the front.

Wang Xian looked over and saw five to six demon beasts of the insightful void tier pulling an extremely luxurious carriage as they galloped in the sky.

In the surrounding area, there were also many young men riding on galloping cloud horses as they flew in the sky.

The insightful void Tier Demon Beast pulling the carriage had a majestic aura!

"That should be a heaven's favorite traveling. A Heaven's favorite traveling and a powerful demon beast pulling the carriage!"

"All the heaven's favorites rose up in the ancient land. In fact, the Heaven's favorites born on Earth are comparable to the heaven's favorites who descended in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Listening to the explanation of the two drakonids and looking at the Majestic Heaven's favorite carriage in front of him, Wang Xian revealed a smile.

"How interesting. The current Earth wouldn't be so boring!"

Wang Xian smiled!

The Divine Mountains that were bathed in the blood of the gods, the ruins of the ancient lands of the divine kingdom, and the resurrected gods!

The ancient gods, ancient mountains, and ancient lands. Each and every mysterious place filled Wang Xian with curiosity!

The Heaven's favorites were rampant, and the sons and daughters of the gods were born!

He, the Dragon King, could have a good time in this dazzling world!