Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1826: 1826 ancient land of Jade Lake

"Da Da Da!"

As a heaven's favorite pulled by a powerful demonic beast entered the ancient land below, another heaven's favorite pulled by a powerful demonic beast flew towards the location below in less than a minute.

"Eh? Why are there two heaven's favorites here all of a sudden? Could it be that a treasure has appeared in the ancient land?"

The two DRAKONIDS who were standing beside Wang Xian were astonished when they saw another heaven's favorite flying over.

"Are the other ancient lands as big as this?"

Wang Xian looked at the divine kingdom below and asked the two DRAKONIDS.

"Some are bigger than this, and some are smaller than this!"

The two drakonids said, "This ancient land is called the Jade Lake. It's named after the place where the Queen Mother of the west lives in the Legends!"

"The specific reason for naming the Jade Lake is that the weapons that someone obtained from this place are all female weapons. Furthermore, there's a goddess statue at the entrance!"

"The ancient land of the Jade Lake?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows as he scanned the area below with his yin-yang and five elemental dragon eyes!

There was a layer of energy in the divine kingdom that he could not see through. However, based on his guesses, this divine kingdom was definitely not something that ordinary gods could build.

It covered an area of about 5,000 kilometers. It was considered huge in the divine kingdom!

On Earth, it was even bigger.

"Let's go down and take a look!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment. Then, he moved his body and flew straight down.

Ao Jian, AO qitian, and the rest followed closely behind.

Wang Xian was also curious about the ancient land that suddenly appeared on Earth.

Currently, the upgrade of the Dragon Palace required the engulfing of nine attributes of the divine kingdom. Currently, there were still seven attributes missing.

The divine kingdom below was of the wood attribute. If the conditions of the upgrade of the Dragon Palace were met, it could be completely absorbed.

As a divine kingdom, even if it was the ruins of the divine kingdom, it still possessed a strong power.

If one wanted to enter, one had to enter from the entrance.

There were two entrances to the Jade Lake ancient land. Wang Xian flew towards the west entrance.

"According to my report, not long ago, there was a strong spiritual energy fluctuation in the ancient land of Jade Lake. It was suspected that a treasure had been unearthed. Two Heaven's pride prodigies, Yao Girl and Hua youhen, entered the ancient land of Jade Lake!"

"Before the two heaven's pride prodigies, the fifth son of deity on the god-sealing list of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall and the group of experts in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall had also entered ahead of time. I wonder if there will be a fight!"

"Wow, did you guys see that? The Jade Lady Heaven's favorite just now. Oh My God, she is so beautiful. I took a perfect picture just now. Haha, Come, Come, my friends, let's give them a wave of gifts!"

When Wang Xian had just landed in the ancient land of the Jade Lake, a lively sound was heard.

Wang Xian's gaze swept across and realized that there were reporters from the television station broadcasting. There was also a live streamer. It looked extremely lively!

"This is really interesting!"

Legends and technology overlapped. Wang Xian revealed a look of interest.

He looked at the entrance. It was a two-kilometer wide entrance. The spine of the entrance was dilapidated and the words on it had disappeared.

Within a few kilometers of the entrance, there was a twenty-meter-long statue of a goddess.

The face of the goddess was blurred and the arms of the statue were all broken.

The position inside looked a little messy.

A huge pillar was placed in the middle, and huge rocks were falling inside.

Looking from the outside, there weren't many people inside!

Wang Xian walked straight into the place.

"Brothers, there are people going in again. I wonder if they can come out alive. Although the ancient land of Jade Lake was built by a goddess, it is extremely dangerous inside the ancient land, especially the flower demons, tree demons, and Vine Demons!"

"When the ancient land of Jade Lake appeared, all the experts from the Lingxiao treasured palace had entered. However, they suffered heavy losses!"

The Voice of the streamer came from behind. Wang Xian turned a deaf ear and walked inside.

The owner of this divine kingdom was definitely not a match for Wang Xian at his peak. However, he had nothing to be afraid of since he was a fallen God.

After entering the dilapidated divine kingdom, a desolate aura rushed over.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and looked ahead with his dragon eyes of yin-yang and five elements.

The area within a radius of 5,000 kilometers was extremely huge. It was obviously impossible to walk into the interior of the divine kingdom.

As his dragon eyes scanned the surroundings, a few scenes that were hundreds of kilometers ahead appeared in his vision. There were a few scenes that were missing and were blocked by a powerful energy!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian's body trembled and he wanted to teleport into the area.

Buzz

Just as he was about to appear in a certain spot in his vision, he suddenly felt a powerful binding force.

"Eh?"

Wang Xian's body stiffened slightly and a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

"There's actually a force here that can restrict me from teleporting!"

A look of astonishment appeared on his face. He could only fly over quickly.

"Squeak Squeak!"

As he flew at full speed, Wang Xian sensed some sharp sounds around him. As he swept his gaze across the surroundings, he discovered many flower demons!

These huge, gorgeous flowers were able to unleash all kinds of powerful attacks.

However, these flower demons were completely ignored in front of Wang Xian.

The closer he got, the more various flowers, plants, and trees there were. Waves of powerful wood elemental energy were transmitted over. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. 80% of the palaces had collapsed.

Some of them were completely covered by mysterious vines. If he didn't pay attention, flower demons, tree demons, and vine demons could appear in his surroundings at any time.

"This should be a vine demon. It even knows how to set traps!"

Wang Xian looked at a spot in front of him. There was a large stretch of vines on both sides and a passageway in the middle.

The vines were motionless. It was impossible to tell that it was a vine demon.

"It's at the void interpretation level. As expected, this ancient land of Jade Lake is not a place that ordinary people can enter!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he walked straight ahead.

When they reached the middle of the vines, Ao Jian gave it a cold glance.

Following that, they walked straight in.

"So Strong! The humans outside are getting stronger!"

When Wang Xian and the rest left, the vine demon quickly fled into the distance.

It flew straight ahead without any obstruction. The deeper they went, the stronger the flower demon and Tree Demon were.

When they flew for more than 2,000 kilometers, the various plant-type demonic beasts in the vicinity had already reached the demigod realm!

They continued flying forward and soon arrived at the center.

"There are traces of battle, and it should have happened in the past few years!"

When he arrived at the center, a tree with a radius of twenty kilometers appeared in his line of sight.

The tree was only a hundred meters tall, and there was a huge group of wooden houses on it.

At this moment, 80% of the wooden houses had been destroyed. This destruction should have happened in the past few years!

"Those who managed to get here should be the gods. Even if there are treasures here, they might have been taken away!"

Wang Xian was floating there. A terrifying energy was emitted from his body as he sized up his surroundings.