Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1827: In 1827, a blade of grass cut through the sun, Moon, and stars

At the center of the Ancient Land of Jade Lake, Wang Xian was floating in the sky as he scanned his surroundings!

Some of the demonic vines below did not dare to act rashly under his imposing manner.

To be able to become a god, each and every one of them was a proud son of heaven and earth. They had descended to earth for the treasures here.

With the appearance of the ruins of the Kingdom of God, they would definitely come here to search and take away all the precious treasures.

Even if there were some things left behind, they wouldn't be interested in them. Perhaps, they were left behind for the sake of some disciples.

"The chances of me being able to get away from the gods are rather slim!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. However, he wasn't too disappointed.

He came here just to take a look.

In the Divine Kingdom now, apart from the various plant-type demonic beasts, there were also some spiritual herbs and the like.

At the moment, he wasn't interested in them at all. There were simply too many spiritual herbs and spiritual trees in the Dragon Palace.

Even if they were at the demigod level, there were at least a few thousand of them!

"So many treasures!"

At this moment, the exclamations of the two drakonids could be heard from the side. They looked at the spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits below with burning eyes.

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment before he smiled.

These spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits were nothing to him. However, to the DRAKONIDS who were only at the transcendence stage, they were indeed rare treasures.

He waved his arm and the spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits below all flew towards him!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

However, at this moment, the flower demons, vine demons, and tree demons that grew on the special giant tree with a radius of 20 kilometers below attacked Wang Xian.

"Eh? They dare to attack?"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. He waved his arm and the powerful destructive force caused them to wither.

Spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits continued to fly toward him!

"Do you guys know this special tree below?"

Wang Xian threw the spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits directly to the two drakonids. His gaze landed on the tree with a diameter of 20 kilometers below.

This tree was very strange. When he looked at it, it was obvious that it was some kind of powerful tree that was cut off from a hundred meters away.

Then, it was placed in the Kingdom of God as the trunk of a tree house.

This didn't seem too strange.

However, in the instant just now, Wang Xian suddenly sensed a special fluctuation coming from this tree.

This fluctuation was a very weak fluctuation when these flower demons and tree demons were attacking.

This special fluctuation was very weak. Wang Xian was sure that even the god who ignited the nine wisps of divine fire couldn't sense it. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

If he didn't have the ancestral tree, he wouldn't have been able to sense it either.

"I don't recognize it!"

The two DRAKONIDS shook their heads.

Wang Xian landed on the tree and touched it with his hand. He didn't feel any life force on the tree.

In other words, the tree was dead.

The system couldn't find out the name of the tree either. This meant that it wasn't some divine tree.

"But that fluctuation just now did indeed come from this tree. Could there be some treasure?"

Wang Xian's interest was piqued.

The gods that descended on earth were very strong, but the owner of this divine kingdom was obviously not weak either. If she really wanted to spend a lot of effort to hide something, it would be difficult for other gods to discover it.

Buzz

He closed his eyes and communicated with the ancestral tree. His consciousness slowly reached into the tree below.

In an instant, a tree with a radius of 20 kilometers appeared clearly in front of him. Even the roots below were clearly visible.

"This is?"

All of a sudden, Wang Xian noticed that there was a root extending further away from the tree.

He looked at the strange root and was pleasantly surprised.

"Maybe I can really touch the treasure!"

Wang Xian opened his eyes and walked towards the west along the root.

"What a long root. I have walked at least 1,000 kilometers. This god actually went through so much trouble. It's definitely not an ordinary treasure!"

Wang Xian was pleasantly surprised!

"Everyone, be careful. Don't get entangled by these tree demons!"

"Yao Girl, control your flower demons to defend against the dozens of tree demons at the eighth level of the Seethrough Realm!"

"No, my flower demons can't defend against them at all. How can there be such a powerful tree demon here!"

"Let me help you. There are so many powerful tree demons guarding this place. The treasures inside are definitely not simple!"

"Son of deity, let's make a deal first. We will split the treasures inside equally!"

Just when Wang Xian was about to reach the end of the root, the sound of a fight suddenly came from the front.

Wang Xian looked over and saw more than three hundred people fighting with a group of tree demons.

The tree demons were more than ten meters tall. They had strange eyes and ferocious mouths on their main trunks.

They waved their branches and emitted terrifying attacks.

The one fighting with them was a middle-aged man with the strongest strength, a rank one demigod expert.

At this moment, he was fighting with a rank one demigod tree demon, and the powerful battle affected an area of more than 30 kilometers.

This was also because of the Kingdom of God. If it was outside, the Battle of a demigod expert could cover an area of several hundred kilometers.

Other than one demigod, the strongest person was a youth dressed in a yellow robe. The word 'God'was written on the chest of the Yellow Robe!

The other stronger person was a woman with a good figure who looked extremely arrogant.

Next was a youth dressed in bright clothes.

These three were extraordinary among the three hundred people. They had towering horns on their heads and were very eye-catching and dazzling!

Although they were only at the eighth level of the Seethrough realm, they all possessed powerful abilities.

"The end of this root is actually here!"

Wang Xian looked at the spot in front of them where the battle was taking place. There was a crack there. The crack was more than ten meters long and the surrounding area was densely packed with tree demons.

"Looks like the treasure is there!"

"My Luck is pretty good!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile. He moved his body and flew straight into the crack.

"Oh no, someone is trying to catch the cicada with a mantis!"

"D * mn it, he actually rushed in while we were holding him back. I want to see who dares to snatch food from the tiger's mouth in the hands of the Nine Heavens!"

"HMPH!"

When Wang Xian flew in, an angry voice came from behind.

Before Wang Xian could think further, a vast force came from inside.

Two blades of grass. Two ordinary blades of grass.

The blades of grass were the size of a palm and emitted an incomparably green glow.

The moment he entered, the two blades of grass unleashed an incomparably vast attack.

"A god that can rival a wisp of divine fire!"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly. His arm immediately transformed into a dragon claw and struck out!

"Boom!"

The two blades of grass landed on the Dragon Claw and made a silent collision, causing Wang Xian's arm to go slightly numb.

"What kind of creature is this?"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly as his gaze locked onto the two blades of grass.

Seeing that Wang Xian was not injured at all, the blades of grass trembled and flew backward!

"You still want to escape? !"

Wang Xian's body froze as the aura of the ancestral tree was emitted from his body.

The two grasses trembled. Their movements were slightly stiff and they were trembling!

Star Grass: Godly State (has recognized its master)

A single grass could destroy the Sun, Moon, and stars!

The information of the two grasses instantly appeared in Wang Xian's mind!