Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1828: Father 1828? Daughter? Go

"A single blade of grass can destroy the Sun, moon, and stars!"

When Wang Xian saw the message of the two blades of grass, he was astonished.

Star Grass, a single blade of grass could destroy the Sun, moon, and stars. How domineering and arrogant was this!

"This is a divine weapon. No, it seems to be even more powerful than a divine weapon!"

Wang Xian's eyes were burning with excitement. The two blades of grass could ignite a wisp of divine fire. This attack was too terrifying!

Buzz Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Wang Xian raised his Dragon Claw and grabbed at the two stalks of star grass.

Whoosh! Whoosh

However, the two stalks of grass seemed to have mustered up a great amount of courage and quickly ran into the distance.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly puzzled. Then, he recalled the information behind the two stalks of star grass and realized that they had recognized him as their master.

"Could it be that there are creatures inside? Or perhaps there are treasures?"

He looked into the depths of the crack.

The position inside was emitting a terrifying spiritual energy. Apart from the spiritual energy, there was also a refreshing fragrance!

The fragrance was pleasant and refreshing.

He could vaguely see some colorful flowers inside.

Without any hesitation, he flew straight into the crack.

Splash, Splash

The crack was very deep and was at least five to six thousand meters deep. As he got closer, Wang Xian could hear the sound of dripping water.

The entire space was not very big. It was only two to three hundred square meters.

The surrounding beautiful flowers were emitting a refreshing fragrance.

In the middle of the crack, there was a small pond. A root was poking out from the center of the Ancient Land of Jade Lake.

At this moment, drops of spiritual liquid were dripping from the end of the root in the middle of the pond.

In the middle of the pond, there was such a lotus flower!

At this moment, the two star grass were suspended in the air above the lotus flower. They were emitting a bright and sharp light as they stared at Wang Xian.

"There are more treasures?"

When Wang Xian saw the huge lotus flower, an excited look appeared on his face.

He moved his body and flew directly towards the lotus flower.

Whoosh! Whoosh

When the two star grass saw Wang Xian flying over, a light flashed and an incomparably sharp light slashed towards him.

"You still dare to attack?"

When he saw the two star grasses attacking again, a hint of surprise appeared on Wang Xian's face.

"Trap!"

He moved his arm and a grayish cage directly trapped the two star grasses.

No matter how they attacked, they were unable to break the cage!

These two star grasses seemed to be protecting something. Was it that lotus flower?

Wang Xian thought to himself. With a wave of his arm, he grabbed the cage and flew to the sky above the lotus flower.

"This..."

However, when Wang Xian saw the situation inside the two-meter-long lotus flower, his face stiffened slightly!

Two babies, two babies with pink faces, were lying in the middle of the lotus flower.

The two babies looked to be about six to seven months old. They were hugging a withered yellow branch and looked like they were sleeping soundly!

The spiritual liquid in the pool was slowly injected into their bodies.

Their bodies contained an incomparably majestic power.

"Divine blood? Two Girls!"

Wang Xian sized up the two baby girls and his expression changed slightly.

He thought that there would be treasures inside, but he didn't expect it to be two baby girls.

The Dragon Eyes of the yin-yang and five elements sized up the two baby girls. Wang Xian's expression changed slightly.

"There's no life force. These are dead babies!"

His expression changed. He approached the huge lotus and placed his palm on one of the babies.

Indeed, there was no life force. No matter how much spiritual energy was injected into the baby, it would not be revived.

His gaze landed on the yellow branch that the two babies were hugging.

God-striking branch: ? ? ?

It had withered and died!

"HMM? This branch is even stronger than the star grass. Is it on the same level as the Indestructible Wood?"

When he saw the information on this branch, Wang Xian's eyes lit up with joy. He immediately took it over.

Without any resistance, he snatched it away from the two babies.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Bang! Bang! Bang

When he picked up the god striking branch, the star grass that was trapped in the five elements cage by the side began to collide violently.

It was as if they were protecting something!

The owners of these two star grass should be these two baby girls

Wang Xian thought to himself as he looked at the god-striking branches in his hands!

Buzz

A strong life force was emitted from the spot on his chest. A green light enveloped the god-striking branches.

"Treasure!"

Wang Xian was delighted when he saw the ancestral tree's reaction. Plants that could make the ancestral tree react had a heaven-defying function.

The god-striking tree was slowly sucked into his chest. At the same time, he sensed that he was in the Dragon Palace's Dragon King Hall.

The ancestral tree that had grown to a few hundred meters in size had a branch growing out from the branch below.

The branch was filled with barbs and was extremely green like a whip.

This branch was located below the branches of the endless wood and the evergreen tree. It seemed like its level was not as high as the endless wood.

However, when this god-slaying branch appeared in the ancestral tree...

The entire ancestral tree gave off a sharp feeling.

At the same time, Ao Xingmu, who was preparing to ignite the divine fire, condense the divine spark, and lift the divine kingdom in the dragon transformation pool, suddenly trembled.

His body began to emit a bright green light. The roots under his body were swept by a bright and sharp green light.

As the green glow swept past, sharp barbs appeared on the roots under his body.

Slowly, the barbs retracted as though they had not appeared.

Ao Xingmu's entire body became even sharper!

Buzz

In the ancient land of Jade Lake, Wang Xian moved his arm slightly and a whip appeared in his hand.

The whip looked very ordinary, like a branch. With a move of his arm, a green glow flashed on the whip and barbs appeared.

Wang Xian revealed a hint of surprise on his face. This god-striking branch was completely different from the eternal tree's thunder wood. This could be used in a battle.

The power on it was a little strange.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

At this moment, an even stronger sound of collision was heard from the five elements cage.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and realized that the two star grass seemed to be very anxious.

He looked at the two baby girls in the lotus flower and frowned again.

The two baby girls'rosy bodies had turned colorless. Even their bodies seemed to have withered.

"What's going on? Are they going to die?"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. He looked at the two baby girls and revealed a hesitant expression.

Wang Xian was almost certain that these two baby girls were gods who had fallen in the ancient times. After the recovery of the spiritual energy, they were resurrecting.

However, it was obvious that they were in trouble when they were resurrected. That was why they were about to die.

When he took away the god-striking branches, the speed of death accelerated!

I should save them. At the same time, I can learn some things about the starry sky and the ancient Earth

Wang Xian thought to himself as he placed his hands on the two baby girls.

Buzz

An endless stream of life force flowed towards the two baby girls from the position of his heart.

Since the two baby girls needed to rely on the divine branches to resurrect themselves, then the ancestral tree would definitely be able to save them!

When the ancestral tree's power entered their bodies, the two baby girls were once again ruddy, and a stream of life force overflowed from their bodies!

Resurrected!