Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1829: 1829 dad? Daughter? down

"Dad!"

"Daddi!"

"Dad!"

"Daddi!"

In the ancient land of Jade Lake, when the two baby girls were revived and opened their eyes, their bright and untainted eyes saw Wang Xian!

They let out crisp and melodious cries.

Each one of them cried out, causing him to be completely dumbfounded.

When the two of them cried out again, the corner of his mouth could not help but Twitch!

Dad?

What the F * ck? They actually called me dad?

I have two daughters for no reason!

"Something's wrong. These two baby girls are obviously resurrected by the ancient gods. They might be much older than me. How could they call me dad now?"

"Moreover, the gods will have memories when they resurrect. What are you two little guys doing? Could it be that they lost their memories for some reason or that their memories didn't recover?"

Wang Xian's face turned black as he looked at the two baby girls who were lying on the lotus.

Those innocent eyes were staring at him. One of the little guys was even waving her limbs as if she was very happy.

What the F * ck... What Should I do? Is it urgent online?

Wang Xian was caught off guard by the sudden addition of two daughters.

He was not prepared to raise children. Otherwise, he, Guan Shuqing, and the rest would have had children long ago!

With his strength, it was still very easy for him to have a child. However, after consideration by him and the girls, he decided not to have a child for the time being.

If Wang Xian, Guan Shuqing, and the rest were to have a child now, the child would have the strength of the insightful void tier, which was the second change of the Divine Dragon Realm.

However, if Wang Xian was able to reach the nine changes of the Divine Dragon Realm and the girls were able to reach similar strength, their child would be able to possess the strength of the fifth change of the Divine Dragon Realm or even the sixth change of the Divine Dragon Realm as soon as it was born!

Therefore, for the sake of their children's future, they decided to wait until they were stronger before having children.

However, he never expected that they would have two daughters for no reason at all.

"I'm here to look for treasures, not to look for my daughters!"

Wang Xian felt a headache as he looked at the two little fellows. He had never felt such a headache even when he met so many enemies on the transcendence continent. Now that he had two more little fellows, he felt extremely uncomfortable!

"WA, WA, wa!"

Suddenly, the naughty baby girl started crying when she saw that Wang Xian ignored her.

This gave Wang Xian an even greater headache. He felt that his head was about to explode!

"ERM, don't Cry!"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and touched the crying little fellow.

"WA, WA, wa!"

However, what made him helpless was that the little fellow ignored him and continued to cry.

"This..."

With a dark expression, Wang Xian took out two hollow-level fruits from his interspatial ring!

The two wood-type fruits contained a huge amount of energy. However, these two baby girls were not mortals but the resurrection of fallen gods.

They were not supported by the huge amount of energy at all.

The two fruits were placed in front of them. The two little ones bit on them and realized that they could not break them!

"Wa-wa-wa-wa!"

"Wa-wa-wa-wa!"

This was great. The two of them cried together!

"What the F * ck!"

Wang Xian moved his palm and crushed the spirit fruits into liquid.

The two little guys immediately stretched out their hands to wrap around his fingers and ate them in big mouthfuls.

After the two spirit fruits were eaten, they blinked their eyes and looked at Wang Xian again. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Foodie!

Wang Xian took out two fruits of the first level of the demigod rank with a dark expression and crushed them into liquid.

The two little fellows wrapped around his fingers and sucked continuously.

"Huh?"

When the two little fellows ate the two fruits of level one demigod, their bodies had obviously grown a lot bigger.

"It's alright, it's alright. If they really grow little by little like ordinary children, I won't have the time to raise them!"

Wang Xian's dark expression finally heaved a sigh of relief. After eating the two fruits, the two little fellows were about the size of a one-year-old child.

Perhaps they had eaten their fill, they narrowed their eyes and closed them slowly.

They were asleep!

"We can't just leave them here, right?"

Wang Xian watched the two little fellows fall asleep and turned his head to look at Ao Jian and Ao Qitian and the two drakonids!

The extremely cold ao Jian, the extremely violent ao Qitian, and the two DRAKONIDS who used to be killers.

"Forget it, let me carry them!"

Wang Xian took out some soft metal from his interspatial ring helplessly and made two beautiful clothes for them.

After helping them put them on speechlessly, Wang Xian carried them up.

They were a one-year-old child. Their bodies were not very small anymore. One in each hand was perfect.

The two little ones sensed the friendly aura and bowed their heads toward him.

Without mentioning anything else, the two little girls were extremely exquisite and beautiful. They were like porcelain dolls. They were indeed goddesses.

The two of them were obviously wood-attributed gods. After Wang Xian saved them, coupled with the fact that he had the ancestral tree, the two girls were exceptionally friendly to him.

They treated him as their father.

"Father? I'm not your father. I can't afford it either. Your Real age is that of an old senior!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he held a porcelain doll in each hand.

He looked at the star grass that was trapped at the side. The two star grass had quieted down and were suspended in the middle of the cage without moving!

With a thought, the cage was released. The two star grass drew an arc in the sky and landed on their heads.

Under the embellishment of the star grass, the two little fellows looked even cuter.

"To be able to possess two such mystical grass, it seems that the two of them weren't weak in the past!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He took a glance at Ao Jian and Ao Qitian before walking straight out.

Wang Xian walked out with the two ladies.

"Quick, kill this fellow and let us enter!"

When Wang Xian just came out, he heard the sounds of battle outside.

More than a hundred people were surrounding and attacking a tree demon at level eight of the Seethrough realm.

There were more than a dozen people lying on the ground. Clearly, they were killed in the battle just now!

"Eh? They are out!"

At this moment, a young man who was bandaging his wounds by the side exclaimed when he saw Wang Xian and the rest walking out from inside!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Go to hell!"

An angry roar was heard. The last tree demon was killed.

In an instant, everyone stared at Wang Xian with murderous intent in their eyes.

When they saw Wang Xian carrying the two porcelain doll girls, they were slightly stunned.

Why were there still two dolls?

Could it be that they were carrying two children when they entered just now!

"Surround them!"

At this moment, a cold voice came from the mouth of an arrogant young man.

The surrounding young and middle-aged men immediately surrounded Wang Xian.

Everyone held their weapons and stared at them coldly.

In the middle, two young men, a woman, and a middle-aged man stood proudly in the middle and swept their gaze across Wang Xian and the rest.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them, but there wasn't the slightest change in his expression.

"Do you want to pluck our fruits? Do you want to commit suicide or do you want me to help you?"