Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1830: On the top of the 1830 Heaven’s pride divine son

He was dressed in a yellow robe and had large divine characters tattooed on his chest. He had a handsome face and stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression.

The cold voice came from his mouth.

Standing beside him was the middle-aged demigod!

On both sides of him was a beautiful woman holding a wooden staff and a man dressed in bright colors!

From the faint sounds they made when they entered, it could be deduced that the young man who spoke was the son of deity from the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

The other woman was known as the Yao Girl's Heaven's favorite while the other man was a flower with scars. He was also a heaven's favorite!

Wang Xian, who was holding a girl in one hand, heard the son of Deity's stern voice. His expression did not change at all.

"Hand over the treasures you obtained from inside immediately!"

The Heaven's pride lady took two steps forward. Her eyes flickered as she stared at Wang Xian and said coldly and arrogantly.

With her perfect body and exquisite face, she was worthy of being a heaven's Pride Lady.

"You dare to snatch the opportunity from me, Hua youhen. TSK TSK!"

The young man in gorgeous clothes played with the two beads in his hand as he stared at them indifferently.

A son of deity and two heaven's pride experts. Their strength and reputation were well-known in the entire eastern region.

Out of the billions of people in the east, there were only ten divine sons and Twenty Heaven's favorites.

In the entire east, other than the powerhouses from the Lingxiao treasured palace, their strength could also be ranked among the top.

Their fame was no less than those top celebrities.

"Divine sons and Heaven's favorites!"

Wang Xian saw their arrogant expressions and swept them lightly.

These divine sons and Heaven's favorites were all young men who had obtained great opportunities in the ancient land.

To be able to reach such a realm at such a young age, even if it was on the transcendental continent, they were still the top existences on the continent.

"Don't Provoke Me!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them indifferently and walked straight ahead.

Ao Jian, AO qitian, and the rest also swept their gazes coldly. They did not put the so-called divine sons and Heaven's favorites in their eyes at all.

"Huh?"

The divine sons of the nine heavens, hua youhen, and Yao nu saw that the other party did not pay any attention to them. They were slightly stunned before their expressions turned cold.

"Do it, kill them!"

The divine sons of the nine heavens shouted coldly.

"It's the divine sons!"

"Hmph, they dare to ignore our divine sons and Heaven's favorites. They dare to barge in while we are killing the treant. They are simply courting death. Do It!"

Around them, hundreds of young and middle-aged men did not hesitate at all. Instantly, they brandished their weapons and slashed at Wang Xian and the rest!

Buzz

Ao Qitian waved his arm. One by one, the swords pierced through everyone who was attacking them.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

In an instant, hundreds of people froze. They slowly widened their eyes as disbelief appeared on their faces!

It was as calm as the wind and clouds!

"How... How is this possible! ?"

More than a dozen of the experts at the profound void realm widened their eyes. They gently touched the back of their necks and fell to the ground.

"What?"

The expressions of the divine son of the ninth heaven, hua youhen, and Yao nu changed drastically when they saw the young man in golden clothing kill all their subordinates with a wave of his arm.

The demigod expert standing beside the divine son of the Ninth Heaven also tensed up. His eyes were fixed on Ao Jian.

"We are the soaring heavens treasured palace. Which faction do you come from?"

The demigod expert stared at Ao Jian warily and asked with a frown.

"Dragon Palace!"

Ao Jian replied indifferently. He stretched out his arm and lightly slashed at the four people again!

"Not good! Divine son, be careful!"

The demigod expert's expression changed abruptly when he saw Ao Jian's attack.

He moved his palm, and a long spear appeared in his hand. He stabbed forward several thousand times in a second!

"Damn it, how dare you attack us? Heaven and Earth, our Lingxiao Treasured Palace will definitely kill you!"

After the son of deity was stunned, he looked furious when he saw ao Jian attack them again.

He was the son of deity of Lingxiao treasured palace, a son of deity who had entered the god Ascension Roll. He stood proudly above everyone. Even the disciples of Lingxiao treasured palace had to be respectful when they met him!

Now, a guy dared to attack him, making him extremely angry.

In the nine heavens and ten lands, who dared to attack him? !

"Oh no!"

When the demigod middle-aged man heard the divine son's words, his expression changed drastically!

"F * ck him, TSK TSK, it's been a long time since someone dared to challenge me!"

Hua youhen, who was at the side, also waved his arm. A fan embroidered with various flowers and plants appeared in his hand.

He waved his hand, and numerous thorns appeared in front of him.

Clang

However, at this moment, ao Jian waved his hand, and a five-meter-long sharp sword condensed and slashed directly at them.

The spear light emitted by the demigod middle-aged man's long sword was directly shattered by the resplendent sword light!

"Dharma Idol: Ling Xiao one point!"

When the demigod middle-aged man saw that his attack was easily shattered, he was shocked and immediately roared. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At the front of the long spear, an incomparably resplendent golden glow appeared. The entire world seemed to be centered around that golden glow.

"Bang!"

However, when the golden sword landed on it, it was as though it was competing with the bright moon as it was directly melted.

The sharp sword attacked them once again!

"Son of deity, run!"

The middle-aged demigod hurriedly shouted.

"What?"

The expression of the son of deity of the nine heavens, who was extremely arrogant and didn't put Wang Xian in his eyes, changed drastically.

As the son of deity, he was listed on the god-sealing roll. The Lingxiao treasured palace immediately sent a demigod to protect him.

This was an existence on the level of a demigod. No one on Earth could be a match for a demigod!

"Light chaotic sword, frenzied sword!"

The expression of the son of deity of the nine heavens also changed drastically as he attacked forward with his longswords.

He hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Damn it, flower-patterned fan, Attack!"

Hua youhen, who held the flower-patterned fan in his hand, narrowed his eyes and hurriedly retreated.

He didn't expect that the demigod expert beside the divine son of the Ninth Heaven wouldn't be able to block his attack.

The expression of the heaven's proud woman beside him also changed drastically as she dodged to the side!

"Pu!"

However, the moment they dodged, the Longsword instantly landed on the demigod's body and easily killed him.

Following that, the Longsword continued to attack the ninth heaven divine son.

"Damn it, God Ascension Roll, save me!"

When the ninth heaven divine son saw that the demigod protecting him was directly killed, his expression was horrified. He immediately roared loudly.

"Buzz!"

A golden cloth appeared around him. The cloth slowly wrapped around him!

"Boom!"

The Golden Longsword landed on it with a muffled sound.

The golden cloth blocked the attack of the Golden Sharp Sword.

The sharp sword disappeared, and the son of deity of the ninth heaven revealed a shocked expression.

"You are a demigod expert, and not an ordinary demigod!"

He stared at Ao Jian with his eyes wide open. His expression was unsightly as he roared.

"Clang, Clang, Clang!"

Ao jian saw that his casual attack had actually been blocked. His gaze flickered as he stared at the golden cloth strip.

He pulled out his long sword, and numerous sharp sword rays attacked at a terrifying speed.

"Pu, Pu, Pu!"

This attack was incomparably terrifying. They didn't even hear the sound of the sword rays.

Soon after, the sound of a sharp sword piercing through rang out.

The expressions of the heaven's favored Yao nu and Hua youhen changed drastically. They stared blankly at the divine son of the ninth heaven!