Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1831: Under the body of the 1831 Heaven’s favorites

"How is this possible... how dare you kill me? Our Lingxiao Treasured Palace won't let you off. We won't let you off!"

In the Jade Lake ancient land, the son of deity of the ninth heaven stared at his chest in a daze.

Three sharp swords pierced through the golden cloth around his body and pierced through his chest, causing him to stagger and stare at Ao Jian and the others with ashen faces!

"How... How is this possible? Jiu Tian is a divine son, a divine son on the god Ascension Board!"

"Once you are on the god Ascension Board, you will receive the protection of the god Ascension Board. Even peak-stage demigod experts would find it difficult to kill you!"

Hua youhen watched this scene with a face full of shock. His eyes were wide open and filled with fear.

"You... you actually dare to kill me, Lingxiao Treasured Palace..."

Yao Nu's face was pale as she retreated. She was filled with disbelief.

Those who were able to become divine sons and enter the god Ascension list were all disciples that the Lingxiao treasured palace had specially nurtured.

With a demigod expert protecting them closely, one could imagine how much the Lingxiao treasured palace valued them.

Now, this group of people actually dared to kill a divine son. were they not afraid of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's pursuit?

That was a god from beyond the heavens!

What shocked her even more was that the middle-aged swordsman was able to kill a demigod with a single strike and break through the god Ascension Board's defense. It was simply terrifying!

Since when had such an expert appeared in the east?

"Buzz!"

At the same time, in front of the vast Lingxiao treasured palace, a towering pillar stood in the sky over 100,000 meters in the sky.

Three words were written on the pillar, the god-sealing roll.

Each word emitted divine light and possessed mysterious and unfathomable power.

Even on the ground, these three words could be clearly seen on the god-sealing roll.

Below the three horizontal words, there were names. There were 20 to 30 names on it, and there was also a list of divine sons at the bottom!

There were only 10 divine sons on the divine son roll. Each divine son could be said to be the most outstanding existence in the current era.

The first few divine sons were all disciples who had descended with the Lingxiao treasured palace.

At the fifth place was a name, nine heavens!

Nine Heavens Divine Son, a peerless young genius from Earth, had entered the god-ascension roll and was conferred the title of Divine Son by the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

However, at this moment, the incomparably huge god-ascension list trembled slightly. The name that belonged to the son of deity of the nine heavens slowly disappeared!

The change in the god-ascension list instantly attracted the attention of the entire Lingxiao treasured palace.

"The son of deity of the nine heavens is dead!"

"The nine heavens has fallen. This... He has the protection of a demigod and the god-ascension list. How could he have fallen? Could it be that he encountered a powerful creature in the ancient land?"

"Nine heavens divine son has actually died. This... how is this possible? Nine Heavens is the first disciple of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace to die!"

The entire Lingxiao treasured palace was shaken.

However, on the ground, even if it was more than 100,000 meters tall, everyone could clearly see every name and every word on the god-ascension roll.

When a name disappeared, it caused a huge shock.

Divine sons were the most resplendent existences in this era. They appeared out of thin air like stars. They stood high above on the god Ascension Board and were revered by everyone!

However, a divine son's name had disappeared. This meant that a divine son might perish!

The death of a divine son caused a huge uproar.

If it wasn't for the death of a God not too long ago, the death of a divine son might have shaken the world.

Even so, everyone was shocked.

"Gulp, don't kill me, please don't kill me!"

When Hua youhen saw the divine son of the ninth heaven lying on the ground, he swallowed a mouthful of saliva and his face was full of fear.

After he said that, he hurriedly fled into the distance!

"No, no!"

Yao Nu retreated backward with a pale face!

"Stupid!"

Ao Jian looked at them indifferently. With a wave of his arm, two cold sharp swords directly attacked.

"No!"

Yao Nuan saw the sharp swords that instantly arrived in front of her, and her eyes were filled with despair. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Her forehead was covered with cold sweat.

Ever since she became a favored son of heaven, for the first time, she felt fear and despair!

"Wait!"

She closed her eyes with a face full of despair. However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded.

"Crack! Crack!"

Following that, she heard the sound of a sharp sword breaking. She widened her eyes and saw that the sharp sword in front of her had disappeared. It was panting heavily.

Her chest that was heaving up and down made her look extremely agitated!

"Ah!"

At this moment, she heard a scream coming from the side. She widened her eyes and looked over immediately.

The flower had a scar on it. It fell to the ground without any signs of life.

Her heart trembled. She looked at Wang Xian and the rest with a horrified expression. Her body was trembling slightly.

"I'll spare your life. Will you follow us in the future?"

"Do you know how to coax children? It's fine even if you don't. Learn from us in the future!"

"Come here!"

At this moment, she heard the young man who was carrying two children speaking to her.

Yao Nu was slightly stunned. Her slightly frightened face was filled with astonishment!

"Didn't you hear that?"

Her body froze. At this moment, she heard the young man's slightly impatient voice again.

At this moment, she sensed the extremely cold voice of the middle-aged swordsman beside the young man.

"He's... He's Here!"

Her heart trembled slightly as she walked over hurriedly!

"Hold them!"

Wang Xian stretched out both his hands and handed the two little guys to her.

Yao Nu was a little stunned. She was the proud daughter of the heavens. She was revered by thousands of people and admired by countless people.

It was no exaggeration to say that she was a goddess who stood high and mighty!

Now, she was actually allowed to hold the little guys?

This... this...

However, she didn't dare to refuse. She stretched out her arms hurriedly with a face full of nervousness!

"Wa-wa-wa, Daddy Hug, Daddy Hug!"

However, at this moment, a little guy suddenly woke up. When he saw Wang Xian handing her over, he immediately cried out loudly.

Drops of tears flowed out and landed on his arm.

"Wa-wa-wa-wa!"

One of them cried while the other one who was still asleep was pleasantly surprised and started crying out loud.

"My great aunt, come here, let me hug you!"

Wang Xian felt that his ears were about to explode. He stretched his arms forward!

However, when he stretched out his arms, his cries became even louder.

It was as if there were hundreds of larks chirping beside his ears. One of them sounded pleasant, but a few hundred of them sounded uncomfortable!

"Alright, Alright, Don't Cry, Don't Cry!"

Wang Xian hugged her and comforted her. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

"Condense a milk bottle for them!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered Yao Nu.

"Ah, Oh Oh!"

Yao Nu nodded her head in a flustered manner.

When she saw the two girls who looked like porcelain dolls, the fear in her heart lessened by a lot.

She moved the wooden staff in her hand and two milk bottles slowly condensed!

Wang Xian's heart stirred. Two spiritual fruits of the demigod level appeared in front of him. Under his control, the spiritual fruits were crushed into juice and entered the milk bottles!

"Here, here, you two ladies!"

Wang Xian thought of something and placed the two milk bottles beside their mouths.

Gulp

Instinctively, the two little Cuties opened their small mouths and wrapped them up!

A pair of small hands grabbed them. Their eyes that were free of impurities were filled with happiness!