Chapter 1832: In 1832, the Dragon King’s nanny was in the city

"Hehehe!"

The two little Cuties grabbed the milk bottle and drank a few mouthfuls of spirit fruit juice. Then, they laughed happily.

One of the naughty little ones threw the milk bottle in his hand. Then, he grabbed Wang Xian's arm and was about to climb up his head!

Looking at such a cute little girl, Wang Xian couldn't help but be overwhelmed by his father.

After all, Wang Xian was already thirty-five or thirty-six years old. If he were on Earth in the past, his child might even be ten years old!

Looking at the two cute porcelain dolls, his heart couldn't help but soften.

"Sigh, looks like I'll have to be a wet nurse in the future!"

Wang Xian let the little girl grab his arm and crawl away!

Even though the girl who was resurrected by the gods looked like she was only one year old now, her movements were very agile. She grabbed Wang Xian's hair and slowly rode on his neck!

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth twitched as he pinched her cheeks lovingly!

"Giggle, Giggle, Giggle!"

The little one giggled. It was obvious that she was very happy.

The other little one was lying in Wang Xian's arms, quietly wrapping the milk bottle.

One was quiet while the other was mischievous!

"Let me give you a name. You shall be called Wang Cai'er, and you shall be called Wang Hua'er. Hua'er Cai'er, not bad!"

Wang Xian pinched the quiet little guy in his arms. With a wave of his arm, the milk bottle on the ground flew to Hua'er.

"Daddi, Daddi, Daddi!"

She took the milk bottle with one hand and grabbed Wang Xian's hair with the other hand. She kept screaming and kicking her legs!

"Alright, Alright, don't be so Naughty!"

Wang Xian touched his hair speechlessly. He was the dignified Dragon King and now he was being ridden by two little kids.

If the people from the supernatural continent knew about this, they would definitely be dumbfounded.

"Let's go, let's go out!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he walked toward the exit.

This time, after entering the ancient land, he kept feeling that he had not obtained any treasures and that he had suffered a huge loss.

"This..." Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Yao Nu, who was standing at the side, looked at this scene with a shocked expression.

What did she see?

The young man in front of her directly crushed a demigod-level fruit into juice and fed it to the two children!

This was a demigod-level spirit fruit. Even she was once able to become the favored daughter of the heavens because she obtained a demigod-level fruit.

Now, this young man didn't even blink as he directly fed the two little girls demigod-level fruits.

Most importantly, the two little girls didn't explode from the violent energy!

This completely overturned her understanding.

"This group of people is dominated by this young man. The rest are all his subordinates!"

Soon, she discovered a problem. Even the middle-aged swordsman who had attacked just now had to step back and stand by his side.

Obviously, this young man was respected.

In addition to casually taking out a demigod-level spirit fruit, Yao Nu knew that this young man in front of her was absolutely extraordinary!

She hurriedly followed closely behind, but soon found that she couldn't keep up with their speed.

At this time, a sharp sword appeared under her feet and flew toward the eastern exit with her at a loss.

She was a proud daughter of heaven that was the focus of everyone's attention. Could it be that she would become a maid in the future? And she would have to serve two girls?

Her mind was in chaos.

However, when she thought of the encounter between the son of deity and Hua wuhen, she felt lucky. If she were a man, she would probably be dead!

They quickly flew toward the eastern entrance and soon arrived at the exit.

Hua Er was riding on Wang Xian's neck. She held the milk bottle in one hand and his hair in the other as she looked around curiously.

Cai Er, who was in her arms, also raised her head and looked at the world outside curiously.

With a star grass on their heads, they looked adorable!

When they reached the entrance, it was obvious that there were more people coming in and out

Soon, some people were surprised when they saw Wang Xian walking out with two babies.

"You're good, brother. You brought two babies with you when you entered the ancient land. Be careful!"

A few young men who were walking inside shouted at Wang Xian with smiles on their faces.

"Hehe, it's nothing!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly when he heard their friendly reminder.

The jade lady behind him immediately put on a veil. She didn't dare to let others know that she, the proud daughter of the heavens, had become a maid to help others coax their children!

"The name of the son of deity of the nine heavens on the god-sealing roll has disappeared. Not long ago, he seemed to have entered the ancient land of the Jade Lake. Could it be that he died in the ancient land?"

"It seems that other than the son of deity of the ninth heaven, the heaven's favored Yao nu and Hua youhen have also entered. I wonder what terrifying existence the son of deity of the ninth heaven has encountered!"

"Not long ago, the world mourned and a rainstorm poured down from the ocean. It's rumored that the sea god died. I don't know if it's true or not, but now, the son of deity has also died!"

Just as they walked out of the Jade Lake ancient land, all sorts of voices came from outside!

The East Gate of the ancient land of Jade Lake was even more bustling than the west gate.

There were many streets in the surroundings, and there were all kinds of shops on both sides. There were many people gathered here.

Currently, the most bustling place on earth was around the ancient land.

The other first-tier cities and second-tier cities no longer existed.

Wang Xian, Ao Jian, AO qitian, and the others walked straight ahead with the two kids. The two kids looked around.

Boom

At this moment, a loud noise came from the front!

"A pet egg of a level one demigod. Oh My God, there's actually a monster pet egg of a level one demigod in the divine pet group. Oh My God!"

"I heard that a few people from a powerful group appeared and wanted to take down this pet egg on the spot!"

"All the powerhouses who received the news have come over. The divine pet group wouldn't sell it right now, right?"

"They would definitely sell it. The pet group doesn't have a powerful force to protect this pet egg. Once some powerhouses get wind of it, they might come and snatch it away. After all, the news of the level one demigod pet has been known by others!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were walking out, loud noises could be heard.

He looked ahead and saw many powerhouses flying over from the surrounding sky. There were also demonic beasts flying over with their proud sons.

Among them, Wang Xian, who was at the Seethrough level, discovered five to six of them!

According to his understanding during this period of time, a Seethrough level expert was already considered a top-notch expert on earth.

A Seethrough level expert could be comparable to a company that had a market value of hundreds of millions in the past.

A proud son of heaven could be comparable to a company that had a market value of tens of billions.

Earth's native Seethrough level experts were still rare existences.

Wang Xian was not interested in the pet egg of a level one demigod. In his eyes, this item was not worth much.

"Let's go to Jiang City!"

Wang Xian did not want to delay any longer and flew straight into the sky!

"Everyone, please don't crowd around. Our pet group has indeed obtained a level one demigod pet. Please take a look. Right here, many of the bosses of the pet group have also rushed over!"

"Our pet group can not let everyone come here for nothing. The auction will be held immediately after two hours!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were flying into the sky, a voice came from the sky in front of them.

A pet egg was floating in the air. It was only the size of a palm and was emitting a strong green glow. It was like an emerald that was emitting light. It was extremely mystical.

In front of the pet egg, the five elders were looking around vigilantly. They were afraid that someone would come and snatch it!

Wang Xian took a glance and prepared to fly into the distance.

"Daddi, that, that, I want it!"

At this moment, he suddenly felt his hair tightening. The tender voice of the flower could be heard from it.

"An ordinary pet egg. We don't want it. Daddy will make a good one for you in the future!"

Wang Xian said to the flower helplessly.

"Wa Wa, I want it, I want it, Daddi, Daddi!"

However, the cry of the flower immediately came from above his head.

Following that, Wang Xian felt a warm current flowing into his neck.

What the F * ck... I peed...

After all, she was a fallen goddess. How could she pee?