Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1833: In 1833, the Dragon King’s nanny was in the city

Wang Xian's body was suspended in the sky stiffly as he felt the warm current on his neck. His face was as dark as it could be.

He was the Mighty Dragon King. Not only was he being peed on by a little girl, he was even peed on his neck!

What was this? The little water had rushed into the Dragon King Temple!

He hurriedly carried the flowers down. With a move of his body, the warm current on his body dissipated immediately!

"Little girl, if you need to pee in the future, just let me know, okay?"

Wang Xian pretended to be serious as he shouted at her.

"WA, WA, WA, I want that!"

However, the little girl didn't care about him at all. She kept crying. Wang Xian had a helpless look on his face. He took out a water-absorbing metal from his interspatial ring and gave it to the little girl as a diaper!

"Cai'er is more obedient. Let me carry her first. I will tidy up the Flowers First!"

Wang Xian was flustered as he looked at Cai'er, who was lying quietly in his arms, and gestured to the Heaven's favorite Yao nu beside him.

"Oh!"

Yao Nu nodded her head quickly. She reached out her hand and carefully carried Cai'er in her arms.

At this moment, she was extremely astonished. For this young man in front of her to have such a powerful subordinate, his strength must be extremely terrifying.

She didn't expect that he would be in such a sorry state because of the two little girls.

"WA, WA, wa!"

Cai'er struggled and cried out unhappily when she saw Wang Xian leaving his embrace.

"Be good, we are here to look after Daddi!"

Yao Nu said hurriedly.

"Why are you so mischievous? You must be my little sister!"

"Alright, Alright, stop crying. Daddy will buy that pet egg for you, Alright?"

Wang Xian said speechlessly as he coaxed.

The little fella was indeed strange. After a few words of coaxing, he stopped crying. He stared at Wang Xian with his big, innocent eyes and started giggling.

Faced with such a cute little fella, Wang Xian couldn't be angry at all.

Just treat it as being a father in advance! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"F * ck, if I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have entered the ancient land of Jade Lake!"

He grumbled in his heart.

"Daddi!"

Cai'er, who was being carried by Yao Nu, saw Wang Xian tidying up the flowers. She stretched out her hand and shouted.

"Good, good!"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and hugged Cai'er, holding a baby in each hand!

"Move, move, move!"

At this moment, a loud shout came from behind.

"Huh?"

Yao Nu looked over. Ao Jian, AO qitian, and the rest also turned their heads indifferently.

"Get out of the way!"

At the rear, more than ten middle-aged, old men riding demon beasts were rushing over.

At the rear, four demon beasts were pulling a sedan and flying over aggressively!

"You want us to get out of the way?"

Seeing them rushing over, Yao Nu's face turned cold, and her aura rushed forward.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The demonic beast that was charging toward them staggered slightly and trembled slightly.

"Huh?"

The people on the demonic beast were slightly shocked!

"Don't cause trouble. The pet egg is the most important thing!"

At this moment, a middle-aged voice came from the car behind them.

"It's the Chairman!"

The dozen people in front hurriedly replied. Their eyes swept over Yao Nu, and their eyes were shining.

"HMPH!"

Yao Nu stared at them and snorted in disdain.

She was a proud daughter of the heavens and had an honorable status. In the past, when she went out, she was pulled by a demonic beast at the insightful void level. There were dozens of followers beside her!

Now, someone actually shouted at her and made way for her?

Even if she was reduced to a prisoner, it was not something that an ordinary person could offend.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at Yao Nu and smiled.

"Sir... Sir!"

Seeing that Wang Xian was looking at her, Yao Nu's expression changed slightly. Instantly, she became extremely nervous and lowered her head as she shouted.

Yao Nu was extremely fearful of the group of people in front of her.

They even dared to kill the son of deity from the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace. If they didn't want their lives, they must be extremely confident.

"The chairman of the Tianling Group is here personally!"

"It's not just the Tianling Group. Fenghua group and Longchi group are here as well. This is a well-known group!"

Sounds of shock could be heard from the surroundings.

When the group of people arrived, the people in front of them immediately made way for them.

"Is there still an internet connection?"

Wang Xian listened to the voices around him and asked Yao Nu.

"Yes, yes, sir. This is my mobile phone. What do you want to search for?"

Yao Nu immediately took out a mobile phone. It was a folding phone with a full screen and could be opened.

When Wang Xian left Earth in the past, this kind of high-tech mobile phone had just come out.

"Check the current situation on earth, such as factions and so on!"

Wang Xian said.

"Yes, yes. The Tianxun Network Group has established a forum. Almost everyone is using it now. There are many latest news in it!"

Yao Nu stood beside Wang Xian and opened the forum for him.

Although she was surprised that Wang Xian didn't know about this matter, she didn't dare to ask further.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and looked at the forum on his phone.

Heaven's Pride Ranking, God Ascension Ranking, son of deity, ancient land, weapons, elixirs, pets!

Group ranking!

The latest news had shocked the world. There was a huge change in the Pacific Ocean, and it was suspected that the Sea God had fallen...

There were all kinds of news, but it was somewhat similar to the previous Jianghu Forum.

"Daddy, daddy!"

At this moment, the extremely mischievous flower started to move in his arms again. Wang Xian was helpless and could only coax the little guy first.

"What are you doing!"

He pinched the little fella's face helplessly.

"Ya Ya Ya!"

She shouted and reached out her little hand to grab his clothes. She climbed up his neck once again, wanting to pee on his neck!

Wang Xian reached out his hand to grab her and placed her on his neck. He wanted to be a good nanny!

"Giddyup!"

The little fella saw someone riding on a Pegasus in front and was shouting softly. He also imitated her and grabbed Wang Xian's hair, making a tender sound!

"Daddy, Giddyup!"

"Cluck, Cluck, Cluck!"

Cheerful voice from her mouth, Wang Xian let her grasp!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to the flowers, want to leave quickly, too shameful!

"No, Whoa, Whoa, whoa, I want that..."

"OK, OK, we'll wait here and buy it for you later!"

Wang Xian said helplessly, it seems that this little guy is interested in that pet egg.

More and more people were gathered around. One by one, the groups stood at the front.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"I'm here. Can the pet auction begin now?"

Not long after, an extremely cool supercar let out a rumbling sound. From a distance, it was like a bolt of lightning as it drove towards them.

The rumbling sound attracted the attention of many people!

A young man with a body full of golden light came out from the car. He held a beautiful woman in his arms as he looked at the pet egg in the sky with a flash of passion in his eyes. He laughed loudly as he asked.

"Oh? Young Master Jin of the spirit vein group, I didn't expect him to actually come!"

"The spirit vein group is a top-tier group. They are famous for being rich!"

The arrival of the young man attracted the attention of the surrounding people. The company's chairman and higher-ups who had rushed over also slightly frowned when they saw the arrival of the young man!