Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1834: In 1834, the Dragon King’s father-in-law was in the city

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Jin Youwei, a very common name, the eldest son of the spirit vein group!"

"The spirit vein group was quite lucky. They found a spirit vein and used five years to rise up and establish the now famous spirit vein group!"

"The spirit vein group is famous for being rich and recruiting many experts. They have a good relationship with a divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

"Jin Youwei has the strength of a fifth-level void interpretation. He is highly regarded by outsiders and has the chance to become a heaven's favorite!"

When the Yao girl saw the arrival of the young man, she revealed a slightly solemn expression. Although this fellow's strength was not as good as hers, he had a strong background.

"Sir, the spirit vein group is famous for being rich. If you want to buy that pet egg, he is a strong and powerful opponent!"

Yao Nu continued to remind Wang Xian while trying to please him.

"A strong and powerful opponent?"

Wang Xian smiled when he heard her words. If it weren't for Hua er who wanted this pet egg, he wouldn't even take a second look at her.

"I didn't expect Young Master Jin to be here as well. Young Master Jin is really lucky. It wasn't easy for us to get our hands on this demi-god level wood attribute demonic beast pet egg!"

Above them, the higher-ups of the God pet group were delighted when they saw the young master of the spirit vein group arrive.

They had wanted to incubate the demigod-level pet egg secretly, but they didn't expect the news to leak out!

With the strength of their God pet group, they didn't have the strength to keep the pet. After the news leaked out, they were very scared.

If an expert came to snatch it, they couldn't do anything about it.

They had no choice but to sell it quickly. Now, they only hoped to sell it at a good price.

Seeing the spirit vein group's eldest young master arrive, a trace of joy appeared on his face.

At least the price of this pet wouldn't be too low!

"Haha, since I'm here, then tell me a price. I'll Take It!"

Jin youwei laughed arrogantly and shouted at them.

"Young Master Jin, you might not be able to take this pet egg with you!"

As soon as Jin Youwei finished his words, an old man's voice came from the side.

The old man held the dragon-headed walking stick and said expressionlessly.

"Old Man Tian is right. Since it's being auctioned, the one with the highest price will get it!"

A middle-aged man beside him said faintly.

"Haha, Let's start the bidding. Everyone from the pet God Corporation, let's Begin!"

"Some things are hard to come by in the future if you don't have them in the beginning. Our spirit vein corporation will definitely take this pet egg!"

Jin youwei laughed loudly and shouted with confidence.

He leaned on the sports car, held the beauty beside him, and lit a cigarette. He looked extremely handsome.

"Hehe, Alright, Alright. Since Young Master Jin has said that it's time to start, then we won't wait any longer. I'm sure everyone knows the value of a demigod rank 1 divine pet. It's completely priceless!"

"Now, the auction price of 100 million high-grade spirit stones will begin. The price can not be lower than 1,000,000 high-grade spirit stones each time!"

An old man from the divine pet group shouted with a smile on his face.

"Hiss, 100 million upper-grade spirit stones. Oh My God, that's 100 million upper-grade spirit stones!"

"It's really expensive. However, 100 million upper-grade spirit stones is about the same. After all, if we nurture him, he will be a demigod-level powerhouse!"

"Nurturing him will also cost a lot of resources. It seems that we can only watch those few groups fight for it!"

Tens of thousands of people gathered in the surrounding area. When they heard the auction price, their faces were filled with shock.

"Haha, 100 million. Everyone, please consider it carefully. Raising a Tier 1 demigod pet will require more than 100 million high-grade spirit stones!"

Jin youwei immediately raised his hand and shouted.

"Young Master Jin, you don't have to worry about that. Our Tianling Group still has the ability. 101 million!"

The chairman of the Tianling group who spoke just now shouted.

"102 million!"

"Fengchi Group, 102 million. Do you have any more?"

"103 million!"

"104 million!"

"Haha, too slow. 110 million. This divine pet, our spirit vein group will definitely take it!"

"Young master Jin bids 110 million, 110 million, do you have any more? !"

The auction began. Four or five groups competed with Jin youwei one by one, and the prices rapidly increased.

Everyone's breathing quickened as they watched the auction.

With an increase of 1,000,000,1,000,000 high-grade spirit stones, the current 1,000,000 high-grade spirit stones could not be compared to 1,000,000 RMB.

If measured in terms of money, the value of 1,000,000 high-grade spirit stones was equivalent to 100,000,000 RMB in the past.

The starting price of a demigod first-grade pet egg was equivalent to 10,000,000 rmb in the past.

"Hiss, this is crazy. These big corporations are really willing to risk their lives for this pet egg!"

"Young Master Jin is obviously more confident now. Spirit vein corporation is too rich!"

"I guess this pet egg will be obtained by spirit vein corporation. Young Master Jin is too confident!"

The surrounding voices of discussion could be heard. The auction continued, and no one dared to speak loudly.

The entire surroundings seemed to be quiet!

"Daddy, Daddy, I want it, I want it!"

At this moment, a clear and melodious voice sounded.

In the midst of the intense auction, it seemed to be somewhat clear.

Some people looked over and saw a young girl riding on top of a young man. They smiled!

"Little Cutie, did you hear what young master Jin said just now? Some things aren't there when they were born. It will be very difficult to obtain them in the future!"

A girl turned around and said with a smile when she saw the cute flower.

"200 million upper-grade spirit stones. who else dares to fight with my spirit vein group? !"

"Haha, this pet will definitely belong to me, Jin Youwei. In the future, it will follow me to conquer the world and become a heaven's favorite!"

At this moment, Jin Youwei's proud voice came from the front.

He held a cigarette in his mouth and glanced at a few company chairmen and executives who looked embarrassed. Then, he said with a loud laugh.

A few of the company's upper echelons shook their heads helplessly. 200 million high-grade spirit stones. The spirit vein group was too rich!

When the few upper echelons of the pet god group saw this scene, they were certain that this demigod pet was going to fall into the hands of the spirit vein group!

Everyone around looked at Jin youwei with envy!

"Dad, I want it, I want it, I want that!"

Hua'er heard the girl's words and saw that the pet egg was about to be bought. She blinked her eyes and grabbed Wang Xian's hair with all her might as she shouted!

It must be said that this little fellow's voice was very loud!

"Okay, okay, Daddy will buy it for You Now!"

Wang Xian said immediately and grabbed her little feet helplessly.

"Haha, interesting, interesting. I don't have time to Coax You guys here. Give me the pet egg!"

Jin youwei heard their words and looked towards Wang Xian.

Looking at the little girl who was riding on the neck of a young man, he laughed out loud!

He stood up and announced with a loud laugh.

His arrogant tone made the upper echelons of the companies look a little embarrassed.

Was he comparing the auction earlier to coaxing them?

Coaxing a child?