Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1835: Was the 1835 pet egg delicious? Let’s go

Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"This... young master Jin is so confident. Just now, he was competing with the higher-ups of several large corporations. He actually said that he was coaxing a child!"

"Now, I just want to know how much money the spirit vein corporation has!"

"With such confidence, even if a divine son came, he wouldn't be able to compete with them!"

"Divine son? The divine son is just very talented and powerful. In terms of wealth, he's far inferior to the spirit vein corporation. Perhaps only those powerful demigods in the Lingxiao treasured palace can compete with the spirit vein corporation!"

Hearing Young Master Jin's arrogant words, everyone around was shocked.

"200 million upper-grade spirit stones. If no one raises the price, then this pet egg will belong to young master Jin!"

The senior executives of the God Pet Corporation were also very happy with the sale of 200 million upper-grade spirit stones. They shouted at him with smiles on their faces.

"Haha, although it doesn't match my attributes very well, the supporting functions of wood-type demonic beasts are very powerful!"

Young Master Jin stared at the pet egg with burning eyes as he said with a loud laugh.

To be able to obtain a demigod rank 1 pet egg today was a great opportunity for him.

"250 million!"

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from behind.

250 million!

When these five words entered everyone's ears, young master Jin's excited expression instantly froze.

He suddenly turned his head.

Everyone around also turned their heads in shock. When they saw the young man with a girl in his arms and a girl riding on his neck, everyone was slightly stunned again.

Just now, the girl riding on the young man's neck said that she wanted a pet egg, but young master Jin took over and said that he would coax the child to ridicule the big corporations!

Now, the father of the child actually offered 250 million!

This...

"Kid, are you coaxing the child? You have to take responsibility for what you said!"

Jin youwei's expression changed slightly. He stared coldly at Wang Xian and growled in an embarrassed manner.

"It's not like you coax a child like this!"

Wang Xian glanced at Jin youwei indifferently and said.

"What? This... he... he really wants to buy it?"

"Who is this person? 250 million. Only a handful of people can afford so many spirit stones!"

"You must be joking. Who is he? Haven't you seen him before?"

Everyone around was slightly stunned. They looked at Wang Xian with astonishment.

"This... This young man, you are not joking, right?"

A few higher-ups of the pet group looked at Wang Xian in astonishment. They pursed their lips and asked.

"Wow!"

Wang Xian took out an interspatial ring. He waved it gently and threw it directly to the higher-ups of the pet group.

"Pa!"

An old man stretched out his hand in astonishment and took it. When he saw the spirit stones inside, his eyes widened in shock.

The entire interspatial ring had an area of more than ten thousand cubic meters. This was the first time he had seen such a huge interspatial ring.

And inside the interspatial ring were countless spirit stones. There were at least two hundred million spirit stones inside. It was estimated that there were two billion spirit stones inside!

"Gulp!"

The old man swallowed a mouthful of saliva as his fingers trembled.

"Young master, are you sure you want to buy it for two hundred and fifty million Spirit Stones?"

The old man's expression changed drastically. If they could get their hands on the spirit stones inside, they would definitely be able to become one of the top powers on Earth.

This...

Who Was this young man?

What was his identity? How could he possibly take out so many spirit stones!

Heavens, and he actually dared to show his interspatial ring to him. Was it because he was confident?

He couldn't afford to offend him!

He immediately dispelled the greed in his heart and straightened his expression.

"Of course. Do you have the qualifications?"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

"Yes, of course, young master has the qualifications. Your interspatial ring!"

The elder from the God pet group nodded his head hurriedly and replied. His arm trembled slightly as he returned the interspatial ring to Wang Xian.

"250 million. Young Master Jin, do you want to continue the bidding?"

The old man looked at Jin Youwei and asked.

"What?"

Jin youwei's expression changed drastically. His expression turned gloomy as he asked, "Does he have the ability?"

"Young Master Jin, I have already verified that this young master has the ability!"

The old man nodded his head heavily. His eyes sparkled as he looked at Wang Xian with some respect.

If this pet and that young man wanted it, there was nothing that young master Jin could do about it!

When the senior executives of the God Pet Group saw the old man's expression, their faces were filled with astonishment!

"My God, does this young man really have the qualifications?"

"This... What is his identity? Good heavens, 250 million! Is he buying it for his daughter?"

"This... this is too extravagant. If his daughter wants a pet, he will buy it for her. This is the pinnacle of his life!"

"What is the identity of this young man?"

Everyone was shocked. They thought that this young man was trying to coax a child. They didn't expect that he would actually buy it.

This had completely overturned their understanding.

Everyone swallowed a mouthful of saliva in unison!

"260 million!"

Jin youwei's expression changed drastically. He gritted his teeth and shouted loudly.

"300 million!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, Wang Xian's soft voice sounded as though 300 million was nothing in front of him.

Indeed, it was nothing. Even though the transcendence continent was dominated by middle-grade spirit stones, there were still quite a number of upper-grade spirit stones.

Currently, the number of upper-grade spirit stones in the entire transcendence continent was more than 10 billion or 100 billion. Wang Xian had brought along at most 1% of them, which was equivalent to a few billion upper-grade spirit stones!

"300 million, and he directly increased it by 40 million. Who is he? is he the higher-ups of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

"Oh my God, this pet egg of the first level demigod is not worth 300 million at all!"

When everyone heard Wang Xian's voice again, they opened their mouths slightly.

Is He F * cking a tycoon?

When Jin Youwei heard the number of 300 million, his expression changed drastically.

He never expected such a person to appear out of nowhere.

300 million to buy a pet egg for his daughter?

This...

"There are indeed some things that are hard to come by in the future. This little doll is so blessed!"

The lady who spoke to Wang Xian and the rest just now looked at him in a daze.

What a hidden card!

"Excuse me, Young Master Jin, would you like to raise the price?"

At this moment, the most excited people were the upper echelons of the God Pet Group!

This auction was a huge profit!

Jin youwei's expression changed when he heard the God pet group's words. 300 million, a total of 300 million!

Even if their group wanted to take out 300 million in one go, they would still have to consider it.

"Congratulations, young master. The first level demigod Wood-type Demon Beast Pet Egg belongs to you now!"

"Hehe, your daughter seems to be wood-type as well. It's a good opportunity for her to grow up together with your beloved daughter!"

When the higher-ups of the pet group saw that Jin Youwei remained silent with a gloomy face, they knew that he would not raise the price anymore!

With such a price, no one would raise the price anymore!

The elder from the pet group held the pet egg respectfully and walked towards Wang Xian!