Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1836: How was the 1836 pet egg? Next

"It's a demigod Tier 1 pet. To have a demigod Tier 1 pet at birth is really enviable!"

"When that girl grows up, her pet will also reach the peak. This is equivalent to the treatment of a divine son!"

"God-level tycoon, really god-level tycoon. I wonder what identity this god-level tycoon has?"

In front of the Jade Lake ancient land, everyone's faces were filled with shock and envy as they looked at the higher-ups of the God pet group respectfully sending the pet egg over.

The little girl asked for the pet egg and her father immediately bought it.

How could such a powerful father not be envied!

"Young master, here you are. A wood-elemental pet will definitely be able to accompany your daughter to grow up quickly!"

The elder of the pet group handed it over respectfully and said with a smile.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and took the pet egg under everyone's envious gaze.

The Pet Egg wasn't very big. It was about the size of an adult's palm, and it wasn't very heavy either.

It was emitting a green glow, just like an emerald!

"Here, Flower!"

Wang Xian handed the pet egg to the little guy on top of his head.

"Giggle, Giggle, Giggle!"

The little guy was ecstatic when he saw the pet egg that was emitting a bright glow.

She took the pet egg with both of her hands. Following that, she did something that shocked everyone.

Crack! Crack

She held the pet egg and opened her mouth to bite it.

However, she couldn't break the hard pet egg at all.

"Ya Ya, I can't bite it. I want to eat it!"

Seeing that she couldn't bite it, the little guy angrily bit it again with his mouth.

"Hehe, young master, your daughter is so cute!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The old man from the God pet group said with a smile when he saw the flower.

The porcelain doll-like girl was holding a demigod-level pet and saying that she was going to bite it and eat it. Her appearance was indeed quite cute!

"This little doll is so cute, it's simply too cute!"

"Haha, how interesting, she actually wants to bite and eat it. She's really a little foodie. This is a pet egg worth 300 million high-grade spirit stones, and she actually wants to eat it!"

"This little girl is just like a porcelain doll. She puts everything into her mouth!"

Everyone around had a kind smile on their faces. They felt that she was exceptionally cute.

"If you can't bite it, don't bite it anymore. In the future, I will nurture a pet to play with you!"

Wang Xian pinched her little feet and said.

"I want to eat, I want to eat. Wah Wah Wah, I want to Eat!"

However, upon hearing Wang Xian's words, Hua er glared at her feet and shouted loudly.

As she shouted, she gritted her teeth. Seeing that she couldn't move her teeth, tears flowed out of her eyes.

"Little beauty, don't be so naughty. This is a pet egg of a demigod. You Can't eat it!"

The girl who spoke at the beginning said to Hua er with a smile on her face.

However, her expression soon turned stiff. Everyone around her widened their eyes and looked at her in disbelief.

"Okay, okay, if you want to eat, I'll give it to you!"

The young man below the girl said helplessly. He reached out his hand to take the pet egg and directly cut a hole in it.

Instantly, the liquid similar to an egg was revealed, but the liquid was bright green.

A strong life force spread out in the surroundings.

"Take it and drink!"

The young man handed the pet egg to the girl again.

"I don't want to drink, I want to eat!"

The little girl said as she took the pet egg and poured it into her little mouth. Some liquid flowed onto her little face.

"It's not good, it's not good!"

After taking a sip, the little girl shouted with a bitter face and kept kicking her legs.

"Little Grandaunt, you're really hard to please. Let Me Roast you and give you a taste!"

Under everyone's gaze, the young man moved his palm and a wisp of flame wrapped around the pet egg.

Soon, a tempting fragrance came from the pet egg.

At this moment, everyone was stunned.

A demigod Tier 1 pet egg, a demi-god tier 1 pet egg that made people crazy, was roasted just like that.

And it was roasted!

Just because his daughter said that she wanted the pet egg, the mysterious rich young man directly bought it.

When everyone thought that the rich God wanted to bring this demigod level 1 pet to accompany his daughter to grow up together.

In the end, the little girl wanted to eat the pet egg. Then, to everyone's surprise, the rich god directly broke the pet egg.

The little girl picked it up and drank it. After it didn't taste good, she now roasted it!

This... this...

A fragrance came over, and everyone stared blankly!

"It smells so good!"

"You and elder sister can split it in half. Alright, let's Go!"

The father and daughter's conversation rang out once more, and soon after, they saw the young man hand over an interspatial ring to the old man from the God pet group before turning around and leaving.

"Hehehe!"

The girl's cheerful voice rang out, and she hugged the boiled pet egg with both hands, happily eating it.

The group's departure left everyone with an indifferent back view.

"Gulp!"

"This, this, this... Oh My God, I ate it. The demigod-level pet egg was eaten directly!"

"Am I hallucinating? The demigod-level pet egg, the pet egg that caused everyone to go crazy, was actually eaten by someone. Oh My God!"

"Is this a MOTHERF * cker who dotes on his daughter? To buy a demigod-level pet egg and eat it, 300 million high-grade spirit stones? Even the powerhouses of the Lingxiao treasured palace can't do that!"

When everyone saw them leave, the surroundings instantly erupted into an uproar.

They all widened their eyes and let out exclamations one after another.

This was a pet egg that caused even large corporations to compete for it!

Buying it just to give it to their daughter to eat!

This was too unbelievable!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they definitely wouldn't believe that there would be such a person in the world.

What kind of tycoon could do such a thing!

They stared blankly at their father who was riding on a peeing neck until he disappeared!

Below them, Jin Youwei's body was trembling slightly.

In terms of wealth, his spirit vein group could definitely be ranked in the top 50 in the entire east, not to mention the top 20.

He was the great young master of the spirit vein group. He had tried his best to buy the pet egg, but it had been bought by another person and given to his daughter to eat!

This...

"What kind of F * cking rich second generation am I? The food that that girl ate could make me work hard for a long time!"

Jin youwei's expression changed drastically. With a dark expression, he immediately entered the supercar and left!

"God-level tycoon, a real god-level Tycoon!"

A young man took out 300 million upper-grade spirit stones with a wave of his hand and bought a demigod-level first-grade pet egg for his daughter to eat. This incident was destined to cause a huge sensation.

It was bound to cause everyone to be dumbstruck.

The mysterious tycoon!

Wang Xian and the rest flew towards the direction of Jiang City. Yao Nu, who was following by the side, also followed behind with a face full of shock.

Even though she had witnessed the horror of this group of people, she was still extremely shocked when she saw them casually buying a pet egg to eat with 300 million upper-grade spirit stones!

"Who are they? Oh right, I think that swordsman once said two words -- Dragon Palace!"