Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1837: The former king of 1837, the king of Jiang City

Dragon Palace!

Yao Nu, who was following Wang Xian and the rest, was thinking about the name Dragon Palace.

However, as she was only in her twenties, she didn't remember the name Dragon Palace.

She didn't know what this name meant in the past.

Many of the younger generation on earth didn't know the names Dragon Palace and Dragon King!

After all, the changes of this era were too fast!

"Dragon King, the river city is in front of us. However, the river city has become much bigger. Six years ago, an ancient land appeared in the River City!"

"This is a dilapidated ancient land. It is not very complete, and there are not many treasures in it. It is not valued by other forces!"

"However, at that time, a woman from a small family in the song family of the River City obtained an opportunity in the ancient land. Now, that woman from the song family has the strength of a seventh level void interpretation!"

"Now, the song family is the most respected in the entire Jiang city. The song family group is also a somewhat famous group. The chairman, Song Hanyu, is also that lady. She is also somewhat famous in the same generation!"

After entering the area of Jiang City, the two DRAKONIDS introduced Wang Xian respectfully.

"Oh? What about Mo Qinglong's current strength?"

Upon hearing the words of the two DRAKONIDS, Wang Xian was slightly surprised.

"Dragon King, the leader's current strength is at level five of the Seethrough realm. Our Dragon Gate has offended many people in the past. After the gods descended, the leader ordered us to keep a low profile to prevent others from taking revenge on us!"

"Nowadays, opportunities are far greater than our previous strength. If a child can obtain a huge opportunity, he can also become a Seethrough realm powerhouse very quickly!"

The two DRAKONIDS said with a slightly bitter tone.

The once invincible Dragon Gate had completely lost its former might after the Earth's metamorphosis. Even if they were talking about the Dragon Gate now, some of the older generation would have to think about it for a while.

"How are the disciples of the Dragon Gate Now?"

Wang Xian continued to ask.

"Overall, they are not bad. After all, Dragon King, you have great prestige in Jiang City. Even after the song family rose to prominence, they are good to the Dragon Gate, the Qin family, the Xue family, the Wei family, the Zhang family, the Guan family, and the Lan Family!"

The two DRAKONIDS replied.

The Guan family and the Lan family were the family of Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue. As for the Wei family and the Zhang family, they were the family of his hometown, Uncle Zhang. The Wei family was the family that sister Li had married into!

"That's Good!"

Wang Xian nodded. No matter how the Earth changed, as long as his family and old friends were around, it was enough.

Since he was back, he could protect them.

"Do you still have the old seaside villa? Let's Find a place!"

Wang Xian said to them directly.

"Dragon King, the changes in your old villa are gone. Let's go to the leader!"

The two DRAKONIDS said as they led them along.

The sea had changed. The Old River City had already undergone huge changes.

Near the seaside, an ancient land appeared. The ancient land had an area of about 100 kilometers.

Because it was a dilapidated ancient land, there were very few arrays inside. There were no demonic beasts or anything like that. Therefore, this ancient land became the most prosperous place.

In the center of the ancient land, a tall building stood up. On it were the words 'song clan group'.

Currently, the Song Clan Group was the most powerful one in the vicinity of Jiang City!

After the gods descended, those glorious clans that had once had a relationship with the Dragon King retreated into Jiang City. Now, they were on their way to decline!

Even Jiang City was ruled by the song family group.

In just a dozen years, the changes were too great!

"Dragon King, over here!"

The two drakonids landed on the ground. Jiang city was more beautiful than before, with towering trees and luxuriant foliage.

There was less concrete in the big city, and more nature.

With the recovery of spiritual essence, the whole city was dozens of times more beautiful than before.

"There's a small villa in front where the leader lives. After the Dragon Gate is disbanded, we will gather once every few months!"

The two of them smiled as they spoke. Compared to the cold disciples of the Dragon Gate in the past, they were much more humane!

"Let's go in!"

Wang Xian looked at the villa in front of him. It was located beside a river and was considered luxurious. Life was pretty good.

He swept his gaze and saw four people inside the villa.

One was a young man and the other was a middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man and the old man were Mo Qinglong and his disciple, Mo Yuan!

Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan were chatting in the room. When Wang Xian stepped into the door of the villa, their figures froze instantly. Their eyes were filled with excitement. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Oh? What's wrong, elder Mo? Look, about taking Xiao Zhi as a disciple?"

The elder sitting opposite Mo Qinglong was slightly stunned. He looked at the two of them with a puzzled expression and pointed at the young man standing beside him.

The young man had a proud expression on his face. He held a sharp sword in his hand and exuded a lazy aura.

"Hua!"

However, just as the old man finished speaking, Mo Qinglong and Mo Sha stood up excitedly.

They did not walk out excitedly.

"Oh?"

Seeing the two of them walk out directly, the old man in the room was slightly stunned. He slowly frowned.

"Oh? Grandfather, they are not giving face to our song family. I took him as my master because I gave him face!"

"Our song family has treated them well. If sister didn't say that she wanted to find me a powerhouse from the Lingxiao treasured palace as my master, I wouldn't have..."

"Alright, Xiao Zhi, don't be rude. In the future, be more respectful in front of elder Mo!"

As the youth spoke, the elder beside him interrupted the youth's words.

Seeing that Mo Qinglong and his disciple had lost their composure and were walking out, the elder hesitated for a moment before following behind them.

He was very curious about who could make them lose their composure like this.

After all, they used to be that man's subordinates.

Even if he died, he left an indelible impression on many of the older generation in River City.

He was once the king of River City!

In addition, Mo Qinglong and the others had such powerful strength without any opportunities, so he still had a trace of respect in his heart.

"TSK!"

Seeing his grandfather follow him out, the youth curled his lips in disdain and walked out.

"He's here, he's here, our king is finally here!"

Mo Qinglong and Mo Sha walked out, mumbling.

After walking around a garden, he immediately saw a familiar figure.

Although their Dragon King's form was a little strange, with a girl in his arms and a girl riding on his neck.

But this was their king!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The two of them sped up and kneeled in front of them, shouting excitedly.

Greetings, Dragon King?

At the back, the old man who had followed them out of the garden heard the words of Mo Qinglong and Mo Sha, and his body shook violently.

He slightly widened his eyes and looked at the young man walking in the middle.

When he saw that face, his head roared!

It was really the Dragon King, the once invincible Dragon King!