Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1838: The former King of 1838, the king of Jiang City

The Dragon King was still alive?

The Dragon King was still alive?

Back when the Sea God destroyed the Dragon Palace with one move, the Dragon King was still alive?

The old man stood there, staring at that figure with shock.

Even after more than ten years, that figure's face didn't change at all.

The former King of Jiang City!

The king who made all the aristocratic families submit to him!

He vaguely remembered that back then, the song family, and the him at that time, all needed to look up to this figure.

"Hu!"

The old man's breathing was slightly hurried!

"Eh? What are elder Mo and the others doing? Why are they kneeling down to that young man, this..."

At this moment, the young man's voice sounded beside him.

"That's the Dragon King, the former king of Jiang City!"

The old man sighed slightly, his eyes shining.

"What Dragon King, what King of Jiang City? Grandfather, our song group is the King of Jiang City Now!"

The young master looked at his grandfather and said directly with some doubt.

His gaze swept over the young man in front of him. A girl was riding on his neck. The former King?

Bullsh * T!

When the old man heard his grandson's words, his expression changed slightly. He looked hesitant.

"Get Up!"

At the front, Wang Xian looked at Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"Dragon King, you're finally back!"

Mo Qinglong stood up with tears streaming down his face.

"You're already so old. Why are you still crying?"

Wang Xian smiled and reached out to carry the flower on his head down!

"No, no, no, Daddi!"

The little one was still reluctant and struggled.

"Alright, Alright. Let this big sister carry you for a while!"

Wang Xian pinched her face and gestured to the Veiled Lady.

"Yes, yes, sir. Flower, come and let this big sister carry you!"

The lady was a little nervous and quickly reached out her hand to hug Hua'er.

"No, no, no, Daddi, wa-wa-wa!"

The little one held tightly onto Wang Xian's arm, unwilling to leave her embrace.

When Cai'er saw this, she also held her tightly! Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"You two little ones, you can't let me hug you all the time!"

Wang Xian said to them helplessly.

"Daddy Smells Good!"

Cai Er, who had always been quiet and ladylike, said in a tender voice.

"Smells good?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. Following that, he had a slight understanding in his heart.

The two little brats were obviously of the wood attribute. He had the ancestral tree in his body, which had a fatal attraction to them.

This was also one of the reasons why the two little brats had called her father the moment they woke up.

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat. The god-striking branch appeared in his hand. An emerald-green light flashed past.

"Grab it!"

Wang Xian said to the two little ones.

Buzz

When the god-striking branch appeared, the two star grass above the little ones'heads trembled visibly!

"Daddy Hug!"

The two little ones clearly felt a familiar aura from the god-striking branch. They immediately stretched out their hands to grab it.

However, Cai Er was still looking at Wang Xian with her watery eyes.

"Let me give you a hug first!"

Wang Xian gestured to Yao Nu, who immediately spread out her arms to hug him.

Although the two little guys were very reluctant, they still reluctantly left Wang Xian's embrace.

"Phew!"

He heaved a sigh of relief and looked at Mo Qinglong and the rest. "Let's go, let's enter the house!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

"Dragon King, are these two little princesses?"

Mo Qinglong stood up excitedly and asked the two little fellows.

"You can say that!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

At the front, the old man was a little nervous when he saw the Dragon King walking over.

"Dragon King!"

After hesitating for a moment, the old man cupped his hands and shouted!

This made the young master at the side look at his grandfather in astonishment!

"Grandfather, he..."

The young man was about to say something when he was glared at by the old man. He immediately shut his mouth.

This made the young master even more displeased. who was this young man to make his grandfather so reserved!

In the entire Jiang City, who would dare to make his grandfather behave like this?

"Dragon King, this is elder song from the song group. He takes great care of us!"

Mo Qinglong immediately introduced him to Wang Xian.

"Oh, I heard from Mo fifteen and the rest. Let's go in!"

Wang Xian looked at elder song, nodded his head, and walked straight in.

"So Cocky?"

When the young man saw how Wang Xian behaved, he frowned and a look of displeasure flashed across his eyes!

"Don't speak!"

Elder song whispered to him and followed behind him hesitantly.

He didn't know if the current Dragon King was still the former Dragon King!

After all, the current strength of the song family wasn't weak. They were publicly acknowledged as the overlord of Jiang City.

But at least on the surface, elder song still respected the Dragon King.

Just by relying on the strength of the former Dragon Gate, it was still worthy of respect.

The group walked into the villa. Wang Xian sat on the sofa in the middle. He looked at Yao Nu and ordered her to hug Hua'er and Cai'er to sit at the side.

"HMM?"

The young man beside elder song frowned slightly when he saw Wang Xian walking in and sitting on the sofa in the middle. The displeasure on his face was even more obvious!

"Azure Dragon, I'm back this time. I Won't be leaving for the time being. Find me a house by the sea. Also..."

Wang Xian sat down and spoke to Mo Azure Dragon and the rest who were standing in front of him without sitting down.

"Senior MO, my grandfather wants me to acknowledge you as my master. What do you think about this, senior mo? "If you agree, our song family will hold a ceremony to acknowledge you as our master another day. If you don't agree, don't waste our time here!"

"I, Song Shanzhi, don't really care!"

At this moment, a voice interrupted Wang Xian and spoke directly to Mo Qinglong.

"Xiao Zhi, stop talking!"

Elder song frowned slightly and shouted when he saw his grandson talking impatiently.

However, he didn't blame him too much. The Dragon King was only the former Wang Xian. Now, the song family was...

Moreover, the Dragon King who was carrying the two little kids felt that he was no longer as sharp and domineering as before. That imposing manner that made people submit to him was gone.

He had a feeling that even if the Dragon King was still alive, he would still fall!

"Grandpa, can our song family still not speak in Jiang City? I don't know who the Dragon King is, nor do I know who the former king of Jiang City was. In the current Jiang City, our song family is the King!"

Song shanzhi looked at Wang Xian with contempt. He raised his head slightly and had an arrogant expression on his face.

In Jiang City, he, song Shanzhi, had the right and ability to say such words.

"Kid, I don't care who you are. In the future, when you speak to my grandfather and me, you'd better be more respectful. Don't you know whose territory this is?"

He stood and looked down at Wang Xian who was sitting there. He extended his finger and pointed at him.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked down at the young man who was pointing at him. A smile appeared on his face.

Mo Qinglong and Mo Sha, who were at the side, had a slight change in their expressions. A murderous aura instantly burst out from their bodies.

"The former King, the current King?"?

Wang Xian waved his hand and asked Mo Qinglong and the rest to withdraw their aura.

"On account of Your Song family's meritorious service, on account of your ignorance, I'll spare your life!"