Chapter 1839: The former king of 1839, the king of Jiang City

"On account of our song family's meritorious service, on account of my ignorance, please spare my life?"

"Hahaha, arrogant, really arrogant. Spare my life. In the entire Jiang City, with my sister around, who would dare to touch me, Song Shanzhi?"

"Kid, you are really arrogant. Do you really think you are the king? hahaha!"

When song Shanzhi heard Wang Xian's words, he couldn't help but burst into laughter.

The funniest sentence he heard today was to spare his life!

Her sister was someone who had dealings with the elite disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Palace. Now, what Bullsh * t Dragon King dared to say that he would spare his life?

Elder song, who was standing at the side, immediately frowned when he heard his grandson's words.

"Dragon King, this little grandson of mine is young and ignorant..."

Elder song immediately said apologetically.

But before he could finish speaking!

Before the smile on song Shanzhi's face disappeared!

Elder song, as well as song Shanzhi's grandfather and grandson, sensed that something was wrong with the atmosphere.

A vast and mighty pressure that even made him tremble came over.

Elder song's expression changed drastically, and he hurriedly looked at the Dragon King.

He saw the Dragon King looking at the two of them calmly.

"PFFT!"

At this moment, the sound of someone vomiting blood could be heard from the side. He quickly turned his head to look at his grandson!

"You, you, you... this..."

At this moment, song Shanzhi's face was extremely pale. There was not a trace of blood on his face. He was spitting out blood and was filled with fear.

He stared at Wang Xian and his eyes were filled with astonishment.

"Dragon King, Please..."

Elder song hurriedly stood in front of his grandson.

"Bang!"

At this moment, song Shanzhi fell heavily to the ground.

"No, Dragon King, you actually killed my grandson!"

Elder song saw his grandson lying on the ground and roared angrily.

"PFFT!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he felt an incomparably terrifying force pressing down on his body.

He couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.

A powerless, insignificant, and ant-like feeling surged into his mind.

This caused elder song's face to be filled with astonishment. Although he wasn't as strong as his granddaughter, he was still the second strongest member of the song family.

He was at the third level of the void interpretation realm, which was ranked in the top ten in Jiang City. In front of the Dragon King, he felt like he was an ant.

Even if he met a demigod expert from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the divine son he met did not have such a terrifying aura.

Vast and invincible!

He collapsed on the ground, a look of despair on his face.

The Dragon King, who had disappeared for more than ten years, was actually so terrifying!

The former King had returned!

"Huff, Huff, Huff!"

Just when he thought he was going to die, the pressure on his body disappeared instantly.

This made the despairing boss song gasp for breath!

"Your grandson isn't dead. Don't worry. You should understand my actions!"

At this moment, the voice of the Dragon King rang in his ears.

Old Song's face showed that he had survived a disaster!

"Thank you, Dragon King! Thank you, Dragon King!"

He immediately knelt on the ground and kowtowed to Wang Xian.

Just now, he was still wondering if the Dragon King was still the same Dragon King as before.

However, now, he had a feeling that the current dragon king was even more terrifying than before!

He had a feeling about the vast pressure and the feeling of being an ant.

He was facing a high and mighty God.

That's right, a god!

He heaved a heavy sigh of relief when he thought of the Dragon King's past behavior.

All the elders in Jiang City knew the Dragon King's temper. If you don't provoke me, I won't provoke you.

If you owe me a favor, I will naturally repay you with all my strength.

Elder song was somewhat glad at this moment. He was glad that the song family treated the Dragon King's relatives and friends better. Otherwise, he had no doubt that the entire song family would be directly destroyed.

After feeling the Dragon King's strength, he had no doubt.

He calmed his heart and felt the life force of his grandson. He heaved a sigh of relief!

"Get up. I just came back. There are many things that I don't know. Your Song family has contributed greatly. I will reward you!"

Wang Xian said directly to Elder song.

"It's the Dragon King. It's the Dragon King. Xiao Zhi is young and insensible. I will definitely teach him a good lesson in the future!"

Sendai said hurriedly. He didn't dare to stand up!

"Alright, I'll give you a little reward first. You may leave now!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at them.

In an instant, elder song felt the scene around him change. When he looked around again, he realized that he had already stood up and appeared outside the villa.

Hiss

Elder song couldn't help but suck in a breath of cold air.

Teleportation!

This was something that only demigods could do. However, with the strength of a demigod, they could only teleport together with others.

However, now, with a casual wave of his hand, he couldn't feel any fluctuations and directly appeared outside.

How could a demigod be able to do this kind of spatial transformation with a wave of his hand?

"The Dragon King is here, the Dragon King is here, your king is Here!"

Elder song muttered.

Boom

All of a sudden, elder song felt a majestic energy churning in his body.

He widened his eyes, filled with shock and disbelief.

Roar

An awe-inspiring roar came from his body, and the strength he sensed was rapidly increasing!

Fourth level of the profound void martial stage, fifth level of the profound void martial stage, sixth level of the profound void martial stage... He didn't stop until he reached the peak of the profound void martial stage!

"This, this, this... is this the reward that the Dragon King gave me first?"

Elder song's body trembled and his face was flushed red. With a wave of his hand, he reached the peak of the profound void martial stage. This was too terrifying!

All of a sudden, he slowly raised his head and looked at the incomparably vast Ling Xiao Palace in the sky. His eyes sparkled!

"Hu!"

Elder song took a deep breath and slowly picked up his grandson who was standing next to him. He looked at the location of the Villa!

"Plop!"

Elder song directly knelt on the ground and kowtowed respectfully.

"Thank you for the reward, Dragon King!"

He bowed sincerely and slowly stood up!

"Should we inform the others of the Dragon King's Return?"

"No, no. Without the Dragon King's order, we must not tell anyone. The Dragon King is even more terrifying than before!"

Elder song muttered to himself. He felt as if he was worshipping a god.

He had a feeling that the current dragon king was comparable to the god in the sky, who was high up in the palace!

This feeling was very strong.

"Haha, I, Song Qingshi, have made the best choice in My Life!"

Song Qingshi, who was full of smiles, walked towards the song group in a good mood.

"Ya Ya Ya!"

In the room of the villa, Elder song and song Shanzhi were sent out by Wang Xian with a wave of his hand.

Hua'er, who did not sense the imposing aura, wanted to crawl towards Wang Xian mischievously!

"Azure Dragon, call the disciples of the Dragon Gate over for a gathering!"

Wang Xian coiled Hua'er's head and said to Mo Qinglong. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"It's the Dragon King, Dragon King. There are already disciples of the Dragon Gate getting married and having children!"

Mo Qinglong said with a smile.

"That's good. Since they are safe and sound, let them be safe and sound in the future!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

He had no plans to rebuild the Dragon Gate. With the Dragon Palace around, there was no need for the Dragon Gate to exist.