Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1840: In the dusty history of 1840

The disciples of the Dragon Gate once fought for him. Now that he was strong, he naturally had to help his former subordinates.

Moreover, helping his former subordinates was a piece of cake for him.

Mo Yuan walked out to gather the disciples of the Dragon Gate. Mo Qinglong stood by the side and kept talking to Wang Xian about everything that had happened in the past few years.

Including the changes on earth, including some of Wang Xian's family and friends!

Sister Li, who got married 14 to 15 years ago, now had a child who was already 13 to 14 years old.

Wang Xian's only in-name disciple was taken in as a disciple of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace when it had just descended.

The former sect Master Ling of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect and the rest were also taken in as disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

As Mo Qinglong spoke, he brewed a cup of tea for Wang Xian. Wang Xian sat there quietly and listened.

Meanwhile, Yao Nu sat quietly at the side and watched Hua er cai ER.

However, she was extremely shocked.

What shocked her was not the other things, but the Emerald Green branch that Hua er cai ER was holding.

When her hand touched the branch, a vast amount of wood vitality and sharpness was transmitted into her body. She was even certain that as long as she sat cross-legged and cultivated, she would be able to achieve a breakthrough immediately by relying on this branch.

If she held on to this branch for a long time, her strength would reach a terrifying level. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"A subordinate can kill a divine son with a casual blow, kill a demigod expert, and casually buy a demigod-level pet egg for his daughter to eat!"

"An incomparably vast pressure, able to send a person out with a casual wave of his hand. What kind of existence is he? Dragon Palace? Dragon King?"

Yao Nuan's heart was racing when she heard their words. She couldn't think of the names Dragon Palace and Dragon King even if she racked her brain.

She really wanted to use her phone to check, but she didn't dare to do so while sitting here.

The Mysterious Dragon King in front of her made her feel extremely powerful.

"Grandpa, what happened to Xiao Zhi? Didn't you take him to Master Mo?"

At the same time, in the center of the ancient land was the song corporation.

Next to the song corporation's building, in an extremely luxurious villa.

When elder song carried his grandson into the villa, a woman walked over. When she saw her grandfather and brother, she was slightly stunned and quickly walked over!

"It's okay, this kid needs discipline!"

Elder song shook his head. He had already checked his grandson's injuries and found that he did not sustain any injuries. However, he might be unconscious for a day or two.

"Grandfather, who injured Xiao Zhi? Elder Mo? HMPH, this is too disrespectful to me, Song Hanyu. This time, if brother Feiyu did not invite the seniors of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, how could he let Xiao Zhi take him as his master?"

Song Hanyu's face was frosty as she spoke, her body emitting the aura of a strong woman!

"Alright Hanyu, this matter is over!"

Elder song shook his head and said in a deep voice.

"Oh? It's Grandpa!"

Song Hanyu saw that her grandfather's face was solemn, and she also restrained her aura.

Towards her grandfather, even if her strength was now stronger than her grandfather's, her heart was still filled with respect and fear.

"Tomorrow, I'll bring you to visit someone!"

Elder song looked at his granddaughter, a tall and slim beauty with a good figure and a first-class face. He suddenly had an idea and said.

"Visit someone?"

Song Hanyu was slightly surprised, but then she frowned. "Grandfather, I'm afraid it won't be possible for the next two days. Brother Han Feiyu and a few other powerful disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace are coming over. I'm going to entertain them for the next few days, so I can't Leave!"

"Grandpa, I'm going out to welcome them now!"

"You can push the disciples from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace away tomorrow. Come with me to visit someone first. It's settled then!"

Elder song pondered for a moment and said in a strong voice as he walked into the villa.

"Grandpa..."

Song Hanyu opened her mouth slightly and frowned.

She found that her grandpa was a little strange today. In the past, he always talked to her with a tone of discussion. Why was he like this today?

However, before she could think too much about it, her phone rang. She looked at the name on it and immediately smiled. She quickly walked out.

"Master!"

"Master!"

When Elder song entered the villa, the servants saw that he was holding song Shanzhi and quickly came up to him.

"Yes, just put Xiaozhi in the room!"

Elder song was thinking about some problems expressionlessly in his mind. He walked to the chair in the room and sat down.

"According to our report, Heaven and Earth are crying, the ocean is mutating, and the downpour is falling without warning. It seems that a God has fallen. According to our reporter from the myth channel, we have confirmed a shocking news!"

"The Spirit Sea Palace has disappeared at the bottom of the ocean. Some disciples of the Spirit Sea Palace are kneeling in the sky above the ocean in grief and indignation. Now, it is basically confirmed that the Sea God has fallen. A God has fallen. This is..."

A message suddenly appeared on the TV that was turned on in front of him. Elder song suddenly raised his head and stared at the report on the TV.

His expression changed slightly. He immediately took out his phone and opened the forum.

"The world is shaking. The Sea God has been confirmed dead, and the sea god Palace has disappeared!"

"The death of a god, the death of the sea god, and the wailing of Heaven and earth. which God killed him?"

"According to speculation, the death of the sea god should not be the work of the other four major forces. Could it be that Earth has given birth to an expert who can kill a God?"

Elder song read the posts one by one, and after opening them, his expression changed.

"What a shock! A godly tycoon has appeared at the East Gate of the Jade Lake ancient land. He bought a demigod-level pet egg for his daughter with 300 million high-grade spirit stones!"

"A godly tycoon has appeared out of nowhere. Who exactly is this expert? My daughter said that she wanted a demigod-level pet egg, so she bought it casually. My daughter said that she wanted to eat it, so she cooked it directly with a photo attached!"

"After the death of the sea god, it is suspected that the son of God of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall has fallen. The mystery of the death of the Peerless Heaven's favorite, the Nine Heavens!"

Among the countless posts about the death of the sea god, there were two more topics that were more eye-catching.

Elder song hesitated for a moment and opened it to take a casual look. However, when he saw the post of the god Tycoon appearing out of nowhere, he took a deep breath after looking at the pictures inside.

Although the pictures only had the back and only the back, he could be one hundred percent sure that it was the Dragon King and his group!

"The sea god Fell as soon as the Dragon King appeared. He bought a demigod pet for his daughter to eat with a wave of his hand, and the divine son who died in the Jade Lake Ancient Land!"

"Was everything a coincidence, or..."

Elder song pursed his lips and felt his current strength again. His face revealed an excited expression.

His body trembled slightly, and he leaned on the chair and exhaled heavily.

In his mind, the dust-laden history of the Dragon King was revealed one scene after another, and each scene was clearly replayed!