Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1841: In 1841’s long history

"Daddy Hug, Daddy Hug!"

On the top floor of Mo Qinglong's villa, two little girls were running towards Wang Xian barefooted.

Yao Nu, who was following closely behind them, was holding onto the god-striking twigs in her hands!

"Alright, you're done bathing, right? Go to your rooms and sleep. Call me if you need anything!"

Wang Xian looked at the two little ones who had just showered. He stroked their heads and said to them.

"No, Daddy Hug!"

"Daddi Hug!"

The two little ones stretched out their arms reluctantly and looked at him with their big watery eyes.

"Alright, Alright!"

Facing his two adorable daughters, Wang Xian's heart was extremely tender. He held them in his arms with one hand and the other.

"Are you hungry? Do you want to eat something?"

Wang Xian sat on the chair and placed them on his lap.

When he was done talking to Mo Qinglong, he had brought over quite a lot of food. Unfortunately, the two little fellows didn't eat any of it!

"Eat, eat delicious food!"

Hua'er clapped her hands and said as she stomped her feet.

"Alright, Alright. I'll show you what's here to eat!"

Wang Xian took out his interspatial ring and took a look. He had some fruits at the insightful void tier and demigod tier.

Other than these, there were also some meat. The meat of the Dragons from the supernatural continent was all at the demigod tier and was extremely precious.

Eating these foods would bring great benefits to ordinary people.

Other than that, he had also obtained a lot of resources and treasures from the Divine Sea Palace. The most precious thing was the heaven's marrow water.

It was a very viscous liquid that contained a huge amount of energy. To water elemental cultivators, it was a priceless treasure.

This heaven marrow water weighed more than ten kilograms and was considered a treasure of the godly state.

There were also many other treasures, such as spiritual herbs and fruits.

"All of you sit here first!"

Wang Xian poured some heaven marrow water for each of them and roasted a piece of dragon meat!

"Sir, I... I'll feed the Little Princess and the rest!"

Yao Nu, who was standing at the side, walked over and asked respectfully.

"HMM, alright. You Feed the flowers. I'll feed Cai'er!"

Wang Xian nodded and gave her the food!

"I want daddi-feed, I want Daddi-feed!"

Hua'er shouted.

"Alright, Alright!"

Wang Xian smiled. There were two little girls. One was extremely mischievous while the other was extremely ladylike.

The difference in the personalities of these two sisters was too huge!

Yao Nu held the food and felt the powerful energy fluctuation from it. Her heart was shocked again.

Especially the liquid that was emitting a divine light in the cup. She couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

After feeding the two little guys, they were soon sleepy.

Wang Xian and Yao nu placed them on the bed!

"You take care of them in the room. You can use them to cultivate when you have nothing to do!"

Wang Xian looked at Yao Nu who was standing at the side and said to her.

"Thank you, sir. Thank you!"

Yao Nu hurriedly called out respectfully. Her eyes were filled with excitement.

She didn't expect that the proud daughter of Heaven, who was high and mighty, would become like a maid in just one day!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and walked out.

He wasn't worried that the two little girls would be in danger. There were two star grass protecting their heads. Without the help of the gods, no one could hurt them.

Wang Xian went to the living room and opened the computer on the table.

The current computer was completely different from the previous one. It was even more high-tech.

He opened the forum that Yao nu had told him about today and browsed through the information on it.

When he saw the posts on the forum one by one, a faint smile appeared on his face.

In the entire forum, 70% of the posts were about the fall of the sea god, 15% were about the mysterious tycoon, and 15% were about the fall of the son of God.

Every post was related to him.

He skimmed through the new posts and browsed through the old ones with great interest.

It felt like he was reading a novel in the past!

While Wang Xian was reading the posts on the forum, Yao Nu did not cultivate immediately in the room inside.

Even though she had the powerful zun Shen by her side.

At this moment, she took out her phone and searched for a message with a curious expression.

Dragon Palace, Dragon King!

Two keywords!

When the messages appeared one by one, a surprised expression appeared on her face.

Later, a shocked expression slowly appeared on her face.

"Are these real or fake? Could it be that the memories of some of the people above are real? This..."

Her eyes widened slightly, and her eyes were filled with shock.

The Earth's metamorphosis, the computer once ushered in a huge revolution, and the computers of the past were abandoned.

The computers of today all had information from the recent years.

However, there were still some people who had entered the information in the encyclopedia.

Among them, there was information about the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

"Some people over the age of 30 or 40 should understand what the word 'Dragon King'means. I finally know why I feel that this name is somewhat familiar!"

"So, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, who has been around for more than a decade, is the overlord of Earth, an invincible existence!"

Yao Nu muttered to herself. Looking at the deeds of the Dragon King, her face was filled with shock and awe.

"Let's follow him for the time being!"

Yao Nu gave up on the last thought of escaping. She looked at the flowers on the bed with envy. Following that, her eyes flickered as she stared at the god-beating branches in front of her.

A night passed very quickly. Wang Xian spent the entire night reading all kinds of information and didn't sleep.

However, early in the morning, many excited figures entered the villa.

There were a total of 49 drakonids including the Devil Abyss and the demonic Azure Dragon.

Initially, there were 51 Drakonids including the demonic Azure Dragon. Two of them died in the middle.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When Wang Xian arrived at the villa, the 49 drakonids immediately knelt on the ground and shouted loudly.

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them and waved his hand with a smile on his face. A powerful force made them stand up immediately.

He sat on the sofa at the side and looked at all the faces! Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Over the past ten years, some of them were fathers with a trace of benevolence and vicissitudes on their faces!

The strength of the DRAKONIDS was not very strong. The only ones at the Seethrough level were the demonic Azure Dragon and the demonic abyss.

The rest of the drakonids'disciples were mostly at the level of level seven to the peak of transcendence. If they were placed on earth, they would still be considered strong.

Only those who had obtained the opportunity were slightly stronger than them.

"Back then, I used my bloodline to make all of you submit to me. The fact that all of you possess the Divine Dragon bloodline is unchangeable!"

"However, the strength of my bloodline was too weak back then. It was too weak. This time, I will reward all of You Again!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm. Drops of Divine Dragon bloodline that contained powerful energy flew towards them.

At that time, the power of his bloodline was too weak. If the group of drakonids were to absorb his bloodline again, their strength would receive a huge boost.

This could be considered as the reward that Wang Xian had given the group of Drakonids for the past ten years!

It would also give them a place to stand!