Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1842: 1842. Whose era does this belong to!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

The 49 DRAKONIDS knelt respectfully in the living room of the villa. Their faces were filled with excitement.

Drops of dazzling divine dragon's blood floated in front of them.

With Wang Xian's current ability to kill and ignite three wisps of divine fire, the power of his bloodline was extremely huge.

Moreover, just now, he injected drops of heaven's marrow water and some demigod-level elixirs into his bloodline.

This drop of blood contained a power comparable to that of a demigod.

Buzz

The 49 DRAKONIDS knelt on the ground. It was just like how Wang Xian had injected his bloodline into them more than ten years ago. They were slowly absorbing it!

"Qitian, inject your cultivation experience regarding the darkness attribute into their minds!"

Wang Xian brewed a cup of tea and ordered Ao Qitian who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao qitian nodded. With a thought, 49 strands of hair fell on their bodies and fused into one with them.

Ao Qitian's hair was not ordinary hair.

No matter what, Ao Qitian was a god who could kill a wisp of divine fire. His hair and his understanding of the darkness attribute were comparable to ordinary gods.

There were no reserved gifts. Only gods would do this to their own children.

Even if it was to their disciples, they might not be unreserved!

Boom! Boom! Boom

When the group of DRAKONIDS absorbed the Divine Dragon's blood and Ao Qitian's hair, waves of powerful aura emanated from their bodies.

The strength of the extraordinary drakonids shook violently. They had reached the insightful void stage directly and were improving at a terrifying speed.

Wang Xian sensed the strength of the DRAKONIDS and stood up. He walked to the kitchen.

He took out the dragon meat and fried it briefly. Then, he started to taste it casually.

"Phew!"

An hour later, the demonic Azure Dragon was the first to open his eyes. His eyes were filled with excitement.

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

He knelt on the ground respectfully and shouted at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian waved his hand and continued to play with his phone.

Soon, the DRAKONIDS woke up one by one. Their bodies were filled with powerful energy.

The weakest of them had reached the peak of the Seethrough Void Stage while the demonic Azure Dragon Abyss had reached the demigod stage.

Furthermore, they had not completely absorbed the energy. Once they had done so, they would all be able to reach the first level of the demigod stage!

The group of DRAKONIDS revealed an excited and excited look on their faces. Among the heaven's chosen divine sons, 90% of them were not as strong as them!

The only ones who could match up to them were the group of powerhouses who had descended from the Lingxiao treasured palace.

"How many of our brothers are already married and have children?"

Wang Xian looked at the group of Happy Drakonids and asked with a smile on his face.

"Dragon King, your subordinate... your subordinate is married and has a boy!"

"Dragon King, your subordinate is also married and has a seven-year-old girl!"

"Dragon King..." Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The Dragon Gate Disciples reported respectfully!

"Bring your loved ones and children over for a gathering when you have time. Let me meet them too!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"Yes, it's the Dragon King!"

The group of DRAKONIDS nodded with a smile.

"Grandpa, who did you bring me here to visit? The seniors from the Lingxiao Palace are already here. I wanted to bring them here today!"

While Wang Xian was conversing with the group of drakonids, Elder song brought his granddaughter to the entrance of the villa.

Song Hanyu frowned and spoke to her grandfather impatiently. She looked a little anxious.

"You'll know when you arrive. You must be respectful later!"

Elder song reminded her again and again.

"Grandfather, who is it?"

Song Hanyu frowned.

"Don't speak!"

Elder song waved his hand at her before shouting respectfully into the villa.

"Dragon King, Song Qingshi from the song family is here to pay his respects!"

He took a deep breath and shouted into the villa.

Song Hanyu, who was standing at the side, widened her eyes when she saw her grandfather's attitude!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian, who was in the room, heard the sounds from outside and looked around.

"Tell them to come back in a few days!"

Wang Xian said to Mo Qinglong.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong nodded and walked out immediately!

"Elder song, the Dragon King is not free at the moment. I will inform you in a few days!"

Mo Qinglong walked out and said to Elder song when he saw him!

"It's fine, it's fine. Anytime is fine!"

Elder song waved his hand.

"Oh right, elder song, if it's convenient, I'll have to trouble you to help me find a villa. It would be best if it's quiet!"

Mo Qinglong continued to speak to Elder song.

"Sure, sure. Leave such a small matter to me. Elder Mo, please send my regards to the Dragon King!"

Elder song patted his chest and promised with a smile.

"Okay!"

Mo Qinglong nodded with a smile and walked into the villa.

At the door, elder song's eyes were filled with excitement. It seemed to be a great honor to be able to serve the Dragon King!

However, Song Hanyu, who was standing at the side, frowned, her eyes shining.

"Grandpa, what's going on inside..."

"Hanyu, you go do your own thing first, I'm going to take care of some things!"

Song Hanyu was about to speak when elder song interrupted her, turned around and left after thinking for a while.

Now he was thinking about where to get a luxurious villa for the Dragon King.

"Grandpa..."

She opened her mouth slightly and called out. Then she turned around and looked at the villa of the Azure Dragon Demon.

She thought for a while and then moved. A purple cloud appeared under her feet and flew toward her own villa.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

"Bastard! Where's My Grandpa? Where's My Grandpa?"

Just as she returned to her room, she heard the sound of something being smashed.

"Xiaozhi!"

She heard the sound and entered the villa with a frown. When she saw the broken teacup on the ground, she looked at her younger brother!

"Xiaozhi, you're awake!"

Song Hanyu looked at her younger brother who had just woken up and walked over.

"Sister, you have to avenge me. The Dragon King dared to attack me yesterday. Sister, you have to avenge me!"

Seeing his sister come in, song Shanzhi immediately shouted aggrievedly.

His sister had always loved him very much.

It was because of his sister that he had his current status.

"What's wrong, Xiaozhi? Yesterday, Grandpa took you to be his disciple. What exactly happened? Tell me and I will avenge you!"

Song Hanyu stroked his head with an ice-cold expression and said lovingly.

"Sister, it's that Dragon King. He was the Dragon King of Jiang City. He was the one who attacked me. It's him. Did Grandpa Avenge Me Yesterday?"

Song Shanzhi said angrily.

"Dragon King? Dragon King?"

Song Hanyu had just heard this name from her grandfather. Now that her brother reminded her again, she felt a little familiar.

In her memory, this name existed.

She took out her phone and immediately started searching. When she saw the information on it, her expression changed slightly!

"Sister, I realized that my strength has actually regressed. It's all because of that Dragon King. Sister, you have to avenge me!"

Song Shanzhi's angry voice came from the side.

"No wonder grandfather acted so strangely. However, the Dragon King has already become history. Grandfather is also a little old and muddle-headed!"

"The sky now belongs to our generation. It belongs to the Lingxiao treasured palace. What Dragon King? It has already become the past!"

Song Hanyu looked at her younger brother and gently stroked his head. "Don't worry, Xiaozhi. The current Jiang City is the territory of our song group!"

As she spoke, she slowly turned off her phone.

The song group was taken down by her. She would tell everyone whose territory this was!

Whose era is this!