Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1843: 1843 DRAKONID Fearless 1

"Butler Liu, go and investigate that Dragon King for me. Find out all the information about him and control his every move!"

In the song family's villa, Song Hanyu sat on a chair with a dignified expression and asked a middle-aged man in front of her.

"Miss, where's the Master?"

The middle-aged man stood in front and asked with a slight frown.

"I will tell him about my grandfather's side. Go!"

Song Hanyu said expressionlessly.

"Yes, Miss!"

The middle-aged man nodded and immediately walked out.

"Sister, he actually dared to attack me. I want to teach him a lesson with my own hands!"

Song Shanzhi's eyes flickered with a cold light as she shouted in a low voice.

"Brother Han Feiyu and the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace are here. I will bring you to interact with them for the next few days!"

"This time, let brother Feiyu see if he can find a master for you. In that case, Xiao Zhi, you can join the Lingxiao Treasure Palace!"

"With your talent, you can make a name for yourself by joining the Lingxiao Treasure Palace!"

Song Hanyu turned to her brother and said.

"Sister, is brother Feiyu Here? Let's go find him!"

Song Shanzhi's face lit up and he said quickly.

"I'm afraid I can't do it today. I've already told Brother Feiyu that I don't have time today, so I can't go over again. Let's Go Tomorrow!"

Song Hanyu shook her head!

...

"Dragon King, you don't know that twenty-nine and forty-six, these two guys have a boy and a girl, and they even arranged a baby marriage. What era is this? They even arranged a baby marriage!" Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Haha, at the very least, we already have a wife and a child. What about you guys? You Don't even have a girlfriend!"

"Only a lunatic would find a girlfriend. How carefree and free you are now. Haha!"

In Mo Qinglong's villa, the group of DRAKONIDS gathered together and chatted happily. Wang Xian also spoke from time to time.

This atmosphere made him very happy.

"You guys are not young anymore. It's time for you to find a girlfriend!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to a few DRAKONIDS who were obviously slacking off.

"Yes, it's the Dragon King. We are not in a hurry now!"

A few drakonids immediately said with a smile.

Wang Xian had just told them to relax and not be so restrained. Now that they had chatted for more than an hour, the group of DRAKONIDS gradually let go!

"Daddy!"

"Daddi!"

At this moment, Hua'er and Cai'er's voices could be heard from the stairway.

"Huh?"

The group of Drakonids was slightly stunned. They immediately stood up and looked at the two little girls respectfully.

No matter what, identity was identity. It was the first time they met the little princess, and they had to kneel down!

"Come here, come here!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked over. A hint of astonishment flashed across his eyes.

Compared to yesterday, the flowers and Cai er had obviously changed a lot!

If they looked like one-year-olds yesterday, they looked like two-year-old children now.

The two little ones could already walk quickly. Yao Nu, who was at the side, was obviously following behind them in astonishment.

She didn't expect that the two children would grow up so quickly in just one night.

However, Wang Xian was not too surprised. After all, these two girls could not be treated as ordinary babies. They were the resurrected ancient gods.

"Daddy!"

Hua'er quickened her pace and ran toward Wang Xian with her arms wide open.

"Greetings, Princess!"

In the hall, the DRAKONIDS immediately knelt on the ground respectfully.

"Ya!"

Hua'er who was running over was slightly shocked.

"Rise!"

However, the little girl was stunned for two seconds. She waved her hand and looked extremely familiar with her posture.

Hua'er who was waving her hand seemed to have forgotten what she was doing. She continued to spread her arms and pounced on Wang Xian.

When he saw Hua'er's actions earlier, Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"Could it be that my memory is slowly recovering?"

He was deep in thought.

"Daddi, Daddi, Kiss!"

Hua'er ran over and immediately kissed Wang Xian's face. Following that, she happily climbed onto Wang Xian's neck.

It seemed like she had a soft spot for peeing!

"Daddy!"

Cai'er also trotted over. She spread her arms and begged her cutely for a hug.

The two little fellows who looked almost identical looked extremely cute. As he looked at them, some of the things in his mind were thrown to the back of his mind.

He carried Cai'er up dotingly!

"Are you hungry? What do you want to eat?"

Wang Xian asked them with a smile.

"I'm not hungry, I'm Not Hungry!"

The Little Fellows on top shook their legs.

"I want to go out and play. Go Out and play!"

She sat on Wang Xian's neck and hugged his head as she shook it.

"Alright, Alright. I'll bring you out later!"

Wang Xian looked at the clothes on them. Due to the rapid growth, yao nu could only condense a green dress with the wood attribute. Although it fit well, it could not be compared to professional clothes.

"All of you, Get Up!"

Wang Xian looked at the drakonids who were still kneeling and waved his hand!

"It's the Dragon King. The two little princesses are so beautiful!"

The group of DRAKONIDS smiled and nodded.

"Dragon King, I have some toys for my son. If the little princess doesn't mind, let them play with them!"

One of the DRAKONIDS bowed slightly and took out a few small toys with a smile on his face.

"Daddi, I want to play with them!"

The extremely mischievous flower immediately stretched out her small hand and shouted.

"Alright, Alright, give them to the Little Princess!"

The drakonid smiled and handed over the toy in his hand.

The flower took the toy and immediately giggled.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

At this moment, the DRAKONID's phone that handed over the toy kept trembling.

He frowned slightly and closed it without a trace, but his voice kept ringing.

"I'm sorry, Dragon King!"

He bowed and retreated backward. He took out his phone and took a glance.

"HMM?"

However, his retreating body soon froze. Anger flashed across his body and his expression changed drastically.

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw the change in his subordinate's aura. He took a glance and the information on his phone fell into his line of sight.

This DRAKONID had hung up a lot of calls just now. Now, this was the 20th message!

"What's wrong, Lao Jiu?"

Mo Yuan walked over and patted him on the shoulder. He, who had already advanced to the demigod realm, could also sense that something was wrong with Mo Jiu!

"Mo Jiu, you go and settle the matters at home. I'll bring the two little fellows to the mall to buy some clothes!"

"Bring your family over for a gathering in two days!"

Wang Xian stood up and carried Cai'er. There were flowers hanging on his head as he smiled and walked out.

Yao Nu hurriedly followed behind him. Ao Jian and AO qitian followed as well.

"That's right!"

Wang Xian paused after taking a few steps. "Although the Dragon Gate has been disbanded, you are still my subordinates!"

"As my subordinates, the people with the Divine Dragon Bloodline, we will not steal, Rob, bully, or humiliate anyone. Similarly, we will not fear anyone!"

"On this earth, no one can bully us. Whoever bullies us will be repaid tenfold!"

"Not even the gods!"

After saying that, he brought the two little fellows out of the villa's door!