Chapter 1844: 1844 drakonids are Fearless 2

A calm voice reverberated throughout the hall of the Villa!

In the room, the DRAKONIDS trembled slightly when they heard Wang Xian's words.

Looking at the back view of the two children who were leaving, all the DRAKONIDS had a look of awe on their faces.

"We shall obey the order of the Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong took the lead and bowed to Wang Xian's departing figure.

"As You Command, Dragon King!"

All the DRAKONIDS were moved and grateful.

Wang Xian's words represented his approval of them.

As people with the Divine Dragon Bloodline, they would not steal, Rob, bully, or humiliate others. As the rules set by the Dragon King, they would not violate them in the slightest.

"Mo Jiu, what happened?"

Mo Qinglong looked at Mo Jiu and asked immediately.

"Leader, it's not a big deal. I can handle it myself!"

Because of his own matter, Mo Jiu was a little embarrassed, lowering his head, he said, "It's just that my kid was sparring with a classmate in the academy and injured him. The other party seemed to have some strength and severely injured my kid and sent him to the hospital!"

"This is still a small matter? He actually heavily injured leyi. Does he really think that we are easy to bully? Whoever makes a move will be repaid tenfold!"

Upon hearing his words, a cold expression appeared on Mo Qinglong's face.

"F * ck, leyi that Little Fellow's talent is quite good. He actually dared to seriously injure my godson. Come, let's go and kill them!"

A drakonid beside him revealed a stern expression as he coldly shouted.

The group of DRAKONIDS had experienced more than ten years of fighting side by side and were already as close as brothers.

Now that someone dared to attack their relatives, how could they let them off so easily.

"There's no need. Now that the Dragon King has increased our strength, I can handle it with my own strength!"

Mo Jiu shook his head!

"Third, fourth, fifth, fifteen-six, you guys go with ninth to handle it. If there's any problem, immediately notify us!"

Mo Qinglong immediately ordered them.

"It's leader!"

"Go, go, someone actually dares to bully happy. Let's go and cripple them!"

The four drakonids patted Mo Jiu's shoulder and shouted with icy cold faces!

Mo Jiu revealed a trace of a smile on his face and nodded heavily.

The group of five immediately walked out.

"Among us, only that Brat Mo Jiu married a girl from a neighboring province and had no choice but to settle down there. After this, let him come to River City. This will be more convenient!"

A drakonid saw them leaving and said with a smile.

The rest of the DRAKONIDS nodded in agreement. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Do you know the biggest shopping mall in Jiang City? Go buy some clothes for the two little guys!"

After Wang Xian walked out of the villa, he asked Yao Nu who was beside him.

"I know. The Tian da group square is now the most famous square in every city. We can go there!"

Yao Nu nodded her head!

"Let's go. I'll bring the two of you to buy new clothes!"

Wang Xian shook the two little guys on his body and said with a smile.

"New clothes, new clothes!"

The two little guys were obviously very happy. They looked around with their pure eyes and kept shouting.

Tianfeng city was a city that had just been built not long ago. Even if it had just been built, tianfeng city was much more prosperous than Jiang city.

Most importantly, heavenly wind city was built on an ancient land.

The ancient land was called heavenly wind ancient land, an area covered by a green gale.

In Heavenly Wind City, five or six powerful groups rose up because of heavenly wind ancient land.

Moreover, a heaven's Pride was born in Heavenly Wind ancient land, known as Heavenly Wind Heaven's Pride!

Heavenly Wind Heaven's Pride was ranked ninth among all the heaven's pride, and had extremely powerful connections.

The area of the heavenly wind ancient land was about 200 kilometers, while the area of the heavenly wind city was about 1,000 kilometers.

The entire city was bustling with activity.

"Ninth brother, which hospital are you happy to be in now?"

In the sky, five Drakonids were flying towards the heavenly wind city at full speed. As they looked at the city below, Mo San asked him.

"In the Central Hospital's Intensive Care Unit!"

Mo Jiu's expression was a little awkward. Although the current hospital had been completely reformed, the intensive care unit still represented that the injuries were extremely serious!

"Intensive Care Unit? Looks like Happy's injuries aren't light. Damn it. This time, no matter who the other party is, we have to teach them a lesson. We Aren't so easy to bully!"

The drakonids'faces were gloomy as they spoke with ice-cold expressions.

"We're Here!"

Mo Jiu looked down and immediately landed on the ground. He ran anxiously into the hospital.

"Brother Jiu, you're finally here. Our Son, our son, he hasn't left the safe period yet..."

When they arrived at the ICU on the thirteenth floor of the hospital, a delicate and pretty woman pounced on them with a face full of tears as she cried out in grief.

"Sister-in-law!"

"Sister-in-law!"

Demon Three, demon four, and the others shouted as they looked at demon nine. "Come, let's go in and take a look at Le Yi!"

"Don't worry, don't worry, Le Yi will be fine!"

Demon nine patted his wife's shoulder as his gaze turned towards the parents-in-law in front of him.

They walked directly towards the serious illness room. With the flourishing of their cultivation, the current serious illness room was no longer as closed as before.

"Are you the child's father? Your Child suffered a heavy blow to the head and a heavy blow to the chest. There are no doctors in our hospital who can treat him, so we can only use pills to keep him alive!"

"If you can't find a strong person to treat him, I'm afraid..."

A nurse in the intensive care unit was recording the situation as she spoke to Mo Jiu and the others.

"Let's take a look!"

When Mo Jiu saw that his breathing was weak and his son's vitality was weak, blue veins popped up on his face.

He looked at his brothers and immediately walked over!

"Everything will be fine!"

The four Drakonids and Mo Jiu walked over and placed their palms on Le Yi's body.

"Damn it, who did this? Sister-in-law, where is the person who hurt him?"

Mo fifteen sensed happy's injuries and a trace of killing intent flashed in his eyes. He shouted with a vicious tone.

"It's the Sun family. I went to the school. The school said that the students would spar normally and were happy to break the other party's arm. In the end, the other party's parents came directly in the afternoon and were happy to be seriously injured!"

"The school has shares of the Sun family. They said that there's nothing they can do. Let us settle it ourselves!"

Mo Jiu's wife's parents were honest old men. Their eyes were red and their faces were full of anger as they spoke.

"Damn it!"

Mo Jiu's eyes revealed killing intent. He had seriously injured his son and nearly killed him.

This enmity was irreconcilable!

"F * ck, what Sun family, Old Jiu, let's treat happy first. We'll go and ask them for an explanation!"

A few drakonids revealed cold expressions in their eyes.

If it was before, they might be afraid of a powerful family group.

But now, with the increase in strength and the presence of the Dragon King, they weren't afraid at all.

We don't provoke people, but if someone bullies us, we'll pay them back tenfold!

Drakonids aren't afraid!