Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1845: 1845 drakonid Fearless 3

"Brother Jiu, forget it. It's enough as long as happy is safe. We can't afford to offend the Sun Family!"

When Mo Jiu's wife heard her husband and his brother's words, she said anxiously.

"Little Jiu, don't be rash. The most important thing now is to let happy recover as soon as possible. These damn bastards, we shouldn't provoke them!"

Mo Jiu's wife's parents also spoke with an embarrassed expression and sighed slightly!

The Sun family, the sun group in the Windy City. Although the sun group's influence in the Windy City wasn't ranked among the top few, it wasn't something that ordinary families could compare to.

In addition, it was rumored that the Sun family had been ranked in the windy city group recently, so it wasn't something that they could contend against!

"Sister-in-law, uncle and aunt, don't worry, leave this matter to us!"

Fifteen-six and the others looked at each other, their faces revealing a trace of coldness. "We'll treat Happy First!"

"Yes!"

Mo Jiu nodded, and waves of energy were injected into his son's body.

If it was in the past, with his extraordinary strength, he wouldn't have been able to do anything to his son's current injuries. But now, he could easily treat them.

With the help of a few brothers, it wouldn't take long for him to completely heal!

In the current academy, even if it was a child sparring, his arm or leg would be easily broken. The school would immediately heal him!

The path of cultivation was filled with danger. Even if his arm was cut off, he could still reattach it, not to mention ordinary fractures!

This time, his son was nearly beaten to death, causing Mo Jiu's heart to be filled with anger!

He could not swallow this anger!

"Oh? You... you guys actually managed to heal your injuries, what great strength!"

The nurse at the side saw that Le Yi's expression was quickly recovering, and a surprised expression appeared on her face!

"Brother Jiu!"

Mo Jiu's wife also approached him with a face full of nervousness.

"It's alright, it's Alright, Le Yi's injuries can be healed!"

Mo Jiu consoled his wife.

"MMM!" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Soon, happy, who was lying on the hospital bed, called out in a low voice and slowly opened his eyes.

"Daddy!"

He looked at his father in front of him and called out softly.

"Daddy, uncle, grandparents!"

He then looked at the people beside him and called out obediently!

"Alright, Alright, I've completely recovered!"

A smile appeared on Mo San's face as he rubbed happy's head!

"Get Up!"

Mo Jiu directly carried happy down from the bed!

"Little Jiu, happy is just fine..."

When Mo Jiu's parents-in-law saw happy stand up, they immediately said with heartache.

"Dad, Mom, it's okay. Happy has completely recovered!"

Mo Jiu said to them.

"Go, happy. Who Hit You? Today, Dad will make him pay tenfold!"

Mo Jiu lowered his head and looked at his son, holding his hand as he said.

"Brother Jiu, you..."

When Mo Jiu's wife heard his words, her face instantly became nervous.

"Sister-in-law, don't be afraid. Leave it to us. Today, no matter who the other party is, we will pay a heavy price for this matter!"

156 said firmly to her!

"You have a trace of the Divine Dragon's bloodline. You must remember, the possessor of the Divine Dragon's bloodline, we will not steal, Rob, bully, or humiliate others. But if others bully us, we will definitely let them know the price!"

Mo Jiu lowered his head to look at his son and said firmly!

"Yes, Father!"

Happy to see his father's gaze, he nodded firmly.

Ever since he was sensible, he had heard his father say more than once that he had an extraordinary bloodline!

Since young, he had also displayed extraordinary talent in cultivation and had always been in the lead in the entire academy. He was very proud of this.

"Let's Go!"

Mo Jiu held his son's hand and walked out directly.

The corners of the mouths of the three devils, four devils, and fifteen-six devils curled up slightly as they followed closely behind.

"This..."

The expressions of Mo Jiu's wife, father-in-law, and mother-in-law changed slightly!

"Father and mother, don't worry. Brother Nine said a few days ago that the Dragon King has returned. He went to pay his respects to the Dragon King early this morning!"

Mo Jiu's wife's expression changed as she looked at her parents, who were a little pale, and said softly!

"Dragon King!"

The two of them were slightly shocked. "Let's go, we'll follow Little Nine!"

The two old men immediately followed behind. He was very clear about the Dragon King. Even if they were once ordinary people, they had experienced that era and had also heard of the legend of the Dragon King!

"The Sun Group is located in the Eastern District. All the members of the sun group live in a row of villas by the river next to the group building. Le Yi, what's the name of the person who beat you up!"

The group walked out of the hospital. Mo San held his phone in his hand and searched for information one by one. He asked leyi.

"Uncle, it was Sun Jiahang's father who beat me up!"

Leyi said weakly!

"It's the fourth son of the Sun Group, Sun Hu, who is known as the fourth Master of the Sun Group!"

After leyi finished speaking, MO San immediately found the information. "Let's go. We can go directly to the Sun Group!"

"Okay!"

Mo Jiu nodded, his eyes flashing with a cold luster.

The Sun Group was a small group among the large groups in heavenly wind city. However, even if it was a small group, it was not something that ordinary people could afford to provoke.

The sun group had five insightful emptiness realm experts overseeing it. They made a living by selling some of the resources in heavenly wind ancient land.

Five insightful emptiness realm experts were not considered weak in a city.

The Sun Group's building was forty stories high. It rose from the ground and was extremely magnificent.

At the entrance of the group, a middle-aged man in a suit was patrolling, showing the dignity of the group.

At this moment, at the front of the group building, five middle-aged men and a child were walking toward the building.

Behind them, there were two old men and a delicate young woman!

The group walked into the building and swept their eyes across the area before walking towards the front desk!

"Hello, How can I Help You?"

The beauty at the front desk asked with a smile.

"Call Sun Hu over!"

Mo Jiu said with an ice-cold expression while holding the hand of happy who was standing in the middle.

"Sorry, you need to make an appointment to see our CEO Sun!"

The beauty at the front desk was slightly stunned as she said indifferently!

"Sun Hu, Get Out Here!"

However, just as the voice of the beauty behind the counter fell, Mo Sixteen, who was at the side, slowly looked up. A voice instantly resounded throughout the entire building!

"What are you guys doing? Security!"

The beauty was slightly stunned as she hurriedly shouted with a gloomy face.

Without him shouting, the surrounding middle-aged men in suits ran over and locked onto Mo Jiuyi and the others with ice-cold faces!

"HMM?"

At this moment, on the top floor of the building, a middle-aged man with a strong build was sitting in the room. Beside him, a young woman and a ten-year-old child were playing by the side.

When the voice came from below, the middle-aged man was slightly stunned!

"Hubby, what happened?"

A young woman with an internet-famous face raised her head and asked with a frown!

"I don't know who's looking for death. I'll go down and take a look!"

The middle-aged man with a strong back and a strong waist was Sun Hu, known as Sun Si Ye. He walked out with a gloomy face.

"Hubby, we'll go with you!"