Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1846: 1846 Drakonid Fearless 4

"Who are you? How dare you cause trouble in our Sun Corporation!"

Inside the Sun Corporation building, security guards dressed in suits ran in and instantly surrounded Mo Jiu and the others.

A middle-aged man waved his arm and a metal rod appeared in his hand. He stared at them coldly!

"Dad!"

"Brother Jiu!"

The expression of his wife who was happy to be with Mo Jiu changed slightly. She leaned closer to Mo Jiu!

"Leave it to us brothers!"

Mo San patted Mo Jiu's shoulder and told him to stand still!

His gaze swept over the twenty plus security guards around him and a disdainful expression appeared on his face.

"Get Sun Hu to come out!"

Mo San and the others took a step forward proudly and shouted coldly again.

"You're courting death. You actually dare to let our fourth master come out. A bunch of trash, beat him up!"

The middle-aged man holding the metal rod revealed a cold expression as he gestured to the people beside him!

"Our Fourth Master is also someone you can call him!"

The group of people instantly held the rod in their hands. Their eyes revealed a ruthless expression as they directly attacked them.

In today's world, the strong ruled. As long as you were strong, you could kill anyone!

In many cities, there were experts from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace maintaining order. If a massacre occurred, they would act to stop it!

However, they would only stop it. They would not normally participate in it!

"Peng!"

A young man swung his club towards Mo San. His face did not reveal the slightest fluctuation. He lightly clenched his arm and directly grabbed the young man's arm.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

He lightly waved the arm that was holding the young man!

"Ah!"

The sounds of collisions and screams rang out as more than twenty security guards fell to the ground.

If Mo San were to be ruthless, he would be able to easily kill these transcendent-level security guards!

"Who's calling me!"

At this moment, a rough voice rang out. The muscular Sun Hu walked out of the elevator with a hint of killing intent.

Behind him, the young woman was leading a similarly muscular youth.

"You're Sun Hu!"

Mo Jiu looked at Sun Hu and narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Who are you?"

Sun Hu's cold gaze swept past Mo Jiu and looked at the security guards who were lying on the ground.

"Dad, it's that Little B * Stard!"

Just as he finished speaking, the muscular youth's words sounded behind him.

He extended his finger and pointed at Le Yi, his face filled with ruthlessness.

"Oh?"

Sun Hu looked over, his face revealing a trace of surprise. "You Bastard, you haven't died yet? You've actually recovered so quickly?"

"Sun Hu, a child is sparring at school, but you, an adult, actually made a move and almost killed my son!"

Mo Jiu's face revealed a trace of killing intent when he heard his words. "A child is a child's business, an adult is an adult's business. You've gone too far!"

"Haha, So You're this dog's father. Why? Did you bring your son here to ask for a beating?"

Sun Hu looked at Mo Jiu, his face revealing a disdainful smile.

He knew that the child's family that he had beaten was just an ordinary family.

Even before the Earth's metamorphosis, with his energy, he could just beat them up.

Not to mention now!

His Sun family was not very clean in the past. After the Earth's metamorphosis, they obtained some small opportunities and quickly established themselves in Heavenly Wind City.

Not long ago, his little sister was listed in the Heavenly Wind Group. This made him even more unscrupulous in heavenly wind city.

Other than the people from the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace, he did not dare to provoke anyone else in this territory.

"I'm glad that I almost died in your hands. Next, if you can last five seconds in my hands, I'll let bygones be bygones!"

Mo Jiu slowly let go of Happy's arm and walked towards Sun Hu.

"Hahahahaha, I think you're courting death!"

Sun Hu revealed a funny expression and could not help but laugh out loud.

"Fourth brother, What's Wrong!"

At this moment, a group of people walked out of the elevator once again. A middle-aged man who looked similar to him looked over and asked indifferently.

"Haha, Second Brother, it's a small matter. If someone wants to die, I'll give them ten percent!"

Sun Hu laughed out loud as if he didn't care at all. As he spoke, he also slowly walked towards Mo Jiu!

"I might be a little lenient towards a little thing, but you?"

He opened his mouth, revealing his dense teeth as he clenched his huge fist. "Die for me, you actually dare to come to our sun group and SEEK DEATH!"

As he spoke, he raised his fist and attacked Mo Jiu, his face filled with ruthlessness!

"One!"

Mo Jiu looked at the attacking Sun Hu with a calm expression as he lightly counted.

"Peng!"!

"Ah!"

When Sun Hu's fist came to Mo Jiu's side, he lightly clenched it, and his arm shook.

The sound of bones breaking instantly sounded!

"Go and Die!"

Feeling the immense pain on his arm, Sun Hu's expression changed drastically. He knew that he had encountered an expert!

"Boom!"

His body shook, and the pressure of an insightful emptiness realm expert rushed out in all directions. Behind him, the shadow of a fierce tiger slowly condensed.

"Divine Ability Tiger Roar!"

He roared, and the five-meter-long fierce tiger behind him stared at Mo Jiu coldly!

"Two!"

Mo Jiu's extremely calm voice rang out again. He pulled lightly, and Sun Hu's body rushed toward him, giving him a rib attack!

"Crack Crack Crack!"

The sound of his chest breaking rang out, and the fierce tiger behind him instantly dissipated!

"Pu!"

A large mouthful of blood was spat out from his mouth!

"Three!"

At this moment, the sound rang out once more. Mo Jiu lifted his right leg lightly, and it landed on his left leg.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The sound of his left leg breaking rang out once more.

"Ah Ah Ah!"

The incomparably painful screams continued to ring out!

"Damn it, stop right there!"

Sun Hu's second brother saw his younger brother's miserable state, and his expression changed drastically.

Sun Hu was an expert at the profound void tier, yet he was actually unable to put up any resistance in the other party's hands.

He knew that his younger brother had encountered a tough opponent!

His figure moved, and a large saber appeared in his hand. He was prepared to make a move! Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Weng!"

Right at this moment, an ice-cold gaze locked onto him, causing his expression to change slightly.

He turned his head and looked ahead. He saw a middle-aged man staring at him indifferently.

"Oh no!"

His expression changed slightly!

"Four!"

"Ka Ka Ka!"

"Ah Ah!"

At this moment, the cold sound of bones breaking and screams came from ahead again.

Both legs were broken!

"Five!"

"Ah!"

The voice continued to ring out. Sun Hu's right arm was directly broken!

"You Bunch of Damn Bastards, let go of my husband, let go!"

Behind him, Sun Hu's wife was like a shrew as she ran towards Mo Jiu with a ferocious expression.

She stretched out her claws, and a poisonous green color appeared on them!

"I don't teach my parents sins. I don't like to torture women, so..."

Behind them, Mo fifteen saw the poison on the shrew's claws, and a cold glint flashed in his eyes!

He waved his arm, and a terrifying demonic aura directly landed on her chest.

"Peng!"

Her entire body flew backwards and landed beside their child.

Her eyes were wide open, but there was no sound at all!