Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1847: 1847 Drakonid Fearless 5

"Wow, Mom, Mom, Dad..."

A cry filled with fear rang out. The robust youth looked at his former mother's corpse with a terrified expression on his face.

The youth who was a little ferocious earlier was now trembling.

"What... How dare you..."

Sun Hu's second brother saw his former sister-in-law's corpse and his pupils constricted. A shocked expression appeared on his face.

"Six!"

"Bang, Crack!"

Several calm sounds continued to be heard from the area in front, followed by the sound of bones breaking.

"You... you guys..."

At this moment, Sun Hu's face was filled with fear. He glanced to the side and listened to his son's cries. His body began to tremble!

"Seven!"

"Bang!"

"Eight!"

"Bang!"

Sun Hu's body trembled more and more violently. His eyes were filled with despair!

At this moment, he couldn't even open his mouth. There wasn't a part of his body that wasn't pink. He could feel that his life force was rapidly disappearing!

Looking at the incomparably calm middle-aged man in front of him, he was filled with disbelief.

According to his understanding, the kid he beat up was only from an ordinary family. Why did his father have such terrifying strength! !

If he knew, how could he still dare to beat up that little thing to the point of death! !

"Stop!"

At this moment, second brother Sun Hu, who was at the back, saw his younger brother who was about to be beaten to death. His face was filled with fury and he couldn't help but rush over!

He held the large saber in his hand and directly slashed towards Mo Jiu!

"You're courting death!"

At the front, Mo Fifteen's figure came to a halt. Sun Hu's second brother flew backwards at an even faster speed.

"Bang!"

Their bodies landed on the wall and directly smashed through the wall. They stared at the calm mo fifteen with a face full of shock!

"How is this possible? Your Strength..."

The middle-aged man looked at Mo fifteen in shock. His face was filled with disbelief.

This time, they had met an existence that they could not fight against.

"Jiu!"

"Pu Pu!"

At this moment, that cold voice sounded again. He endured the intense pain in his body and looked up.

At this moment, his second brother was like a puddle of soft mud. Blood kept spurting out of his mouth.

"He died before ten seconds had even passed?"

Mo Jiu's voice sounded once again. He looked at Sun Hu in his hand and with a casual wave of his hand, he landed in front of the youth!

"Father!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, the youth had completely collapsed, kneeling on the ground and crying out in pain.

"Since you are a child, I'll spare your life. We're even now!"

Mo Jiu looked at the youth and said coldly. After saying that, he turned his head and looked at his son.

"We don't bully others, but if someone bullies us, we will pay them back tenfold!"

The calm voice in Le Yi's mind caused his eyes to be filled with worship!

"Heh, some people really think that we are easy to bully. Let's Go!"

Mo Si smiled coldly.

If the Dragon King had not returned, even if Le Yi had not died, he would have suffered injuries and might even have died.

Ten times the payback, killing two people was considered light!

Back then, the Dragon Queen was seriously injured, and the Dragon King had almost massacred half of the jianghu. At that time, it was the DRAKONIDS who had done it.

They had been living a low-key life for more than ten years, and with their strength, they really could not be high-profile.

But now that the Dragon King had returned, they might not be as aggressive as before, but if anyone dared to provoke them!

They, the DRAKONIDS, naturally wouldn't show any mercy.

Although the Dragon Gate was disbanded, the people with the Divine Dragon bloodline were still there!

"Hiss... this... they're so strong, so strong!"

"Sun Siye is an expert at the profound void realm, yet he doesn't have the strength to resist at all!"

"He came here and directly killed Sun Siye and left. Who are they?"

A shocked voice came from the surroundings. The Sun Group's security guards and the front desk staff all had frightened expressions on their faces.

Fourth Master Sun was also a figure in heavenly wind city. He was killed so easily!

"Qingqing, Go!"

Mo Jiu once again held his son's hand and held his wife's shoulders as he said gently.

He looked at his in-laws and faintly nodded.

"Go, Go!"

The two old men vented the anger in their hearts and smiled.

"If you want to take revenge, we will accept it at any time. But if you dare to play some tricks, the next time, we will flatten your Sun Group!"

Mo San's gaze swept across the surroundings and his cold voice entered everyone's ears!

"You..."

Sun Xiong, who was slowly standing up from the ground, stood up with an ugly expression. When he saw the corpses on the ground, his expression turned cold!

Mo Jiu and his group walked out indifferently!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

However, just as they walked out of the entrance of the building, luxurious cars suddenly drove over.

The four latest Audi models in front could withstand the attacks of experts below the profound void tier!

The three Rolls Royces in the center were the latest models that could withstand the attacks of powerhouses below the void interpretation stage level 5. The Rolls Royce in the center was a 15-meter-long extended version!

At the back, there were Audi cars that were exactly the same as the first four.

Luxury cars, real luxury cars. Even if they were placed on earth today, they were still luxury cars that only the rich could afford.

The car stopped. Bodyguards in black suits walked out of the Audi in front of them. They quickly ran to open the doors of the rolls-royce.

An old man with a walking stick with a dragon head walked out. The old man walked to the rolls-royce in the center and greeted the middle-aged men inside with slight respect!

The middle-aged men walked down with smiles on their faces. The group of them walked towards the Sun Corporation!

"Eh?"

The old man with a walking stick was slightly surprised when he saw Mo Jiu and the others walking out. His eyes looked towards the building!

"This bunch of brats, why aren't they coming out to welcome us!"

The old man looked towards the direction of the building. When he saw that his sons didn't come out to welcome them, his face revealed anger and he shouted with full confidence.

"Father!"

At this moment, Sun Xiong, who was standing in the building with an embarrassed expression, changed his expression and hurriedly walked out!

"Father, father, fourth brother was killed. Fourth brother was killed by them!"

Sun Xiong's entire body was in an extremely miserable state. There was a pool of blood that was spat out from his chest as he roared angrily!

"What?"

The old man who was laughing and chatting with the middle-aged men beside him changed his expression when he heard the voice coming from the building.

He looked over and saw his second son who was in a sorry state. His gaze then turned towards the center of the building.

In an instant, his eyes turned red!

The most painful thing for a person was no different from sending someone else off!

"Oh?"

The people beside the old man also frowned slightly!

"They killed him?"

Suppressing his violent anger, the old man holding the dragon-headed walking stick pointed at Mo Jiu and the others who were walking outside!

"It's father, it's them, they are very powerful!"

Sun Xiong immediately replied loudly!

"They dare to Kill My Sun Ritian's son, I will exterminate his entire clan!"

"Surround them!"

A furious voice filled with killing intent sounded from Sun Xiong's mouth!