Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1848: 1848: a single hair and a sword

At the entrance of the Sun Corporation building.

When one luxurious car after another drove over here, they had already attracted the attention of the surrounding people.

Mo Jiu and the others walked out indifferently!

"You dare to kill my sun lie Tian's son, I will exterminate his entire clan!"

"Surround them!"

When Sun lie Tian's violent voice sounded, the surrounding people revealed shocked expressions.

"Brother Jiu!"

"Little Jiu!"

Mo Jiu's wife and parents-in-law's eyes revealed fear when they heard this. They looked at him worriedly!

"You don't know life from death. Leave it to us!"

Mo San and the others revealed killing intent in their eyes!

"Surround them!"

"Hua Hua Hua!"

At this moment, the surrounding bodyguards in black suits surrounded them. Their bodies emitted a powerful aura.

Of course, this power was only seen by ordinary people on Earth.

A group of transcendent level 8,9, and peak experts surrounded them in the center.

Mo San and the others swept their gaze across the group, revealing contemptuous expressions.

"Brother Zhou, everyone is sorry. I have to settle some matters first!"

Sun lie Tian's arm trembled as he held onto the dragon-headed walking stick. His eyes were slightly red as he spoke to the others, and he slowly turned around.

His slightly red eyes were filled with killing intent!

"Father, their strength is very strong. It should be above the seventh or eighth level of the profound void martial stage, or even higher!"

Sun Xiong came to his father's side and said in a low voice with an embarrassed and solemn expression. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Above the seventh or eighth level of the profound void martial stage?"

Sun lie Tian's body trembled, and a trace of shock appeared in his eyes. The violent aura just now had decreased rapidly!

If it really was above the seventh or eighth level of the profound void tier, then it was completely not something their sun group could deal with.

Wanting to take revenge was as difficult as ascending to the heavens!

How could Xiao Hu provoke such an existence?

"I thought you were strong. Since you dare to say such arrogant words, I'll give you all five seconds to step aside. Otherwise, all of you will die!"

Right at this moment, Mo San's voice sounded, and waves of powerful aura were emitted from his body.

The powerful pressure caused the expressions of the surrounding bodyguards to change drastically, revealing a terrified expression.

Mo San swept his gaze across all of them, and his eyes revealed a look of disdain!

They had thought that they would be experts, but they were just a few fifth level profound void tier elders!

Want to destroy them? What a joke!

"I wonder, everyone, what grudge does sun lie Tian's son, Sun Hu, have with all of you, for you to kill him!"

Sun Lie Tian's expression changed. When he heard Mo San's words, his expression darkened. He suppressed the anger in his heart and asked in a low voice.

"Hehe, that reckless thing almost killed our nephew. We have already given you a way out by not exterminating your entire clan. Don't be ungrateful!"

Mo San said coldly to sun lie tian, filled with disdain!

He still wanted to exterminate their entire clan, what a joke!

Mo San's strength made sun lie Tian's face extremely gloomy. His body trembled as he stared at Mo San and the others.

"What happened?"

"It seems, it seems that those few people came to the Sun Group Building and killed Sun Si Ye!"

"What? Sun Si Ye was killed? Didn't elder Sun want to fight them to the death?"

"That group of people seems to be very strong. Look, the bodyguards of the sun group are trembling!"

When the people around saw what happened to the sun group, they were shocked and started discussing.

In the eyes of ordinary people, the sun group was also considered a wealthy family!

At the main entrance of the Sun Group, Sun Lie Tian accompanied the middle-aged man who came in. When he saw this scene, he frowned slightly.

"At least seventh or eighth level of the profound void tier, the sun group has encountered an expert!"

"When did these experts appear in our Heavenly Wind City?"

"Should we step out?"

The middle-aged men whispered to each other!

"Five seconds have passed, aren't you going to step aside?"

Mo San looked at the gloomy sun lie Tian and lost his patience. He glanced at the surrounding bodyguards and said coldly.

"Gulp!"

All the bodyguards felt Mo San's imposing manner and beads of sweat appeared on their foreheads.

However, they could only clench their fists and stare at them since they didn't hear the order.

One second, two seconds, three seconds, four seconds, five seconds!

"Puff, puff, Puff!"

Another five seconds passed. This time, a trace of killing intent flashed in Mo San's eyes as he waved his devil flames around!

"Ahhhhhh!"

Miserable shrieks rang out as more than ten bodyguards were instantly killed by Mo San's attacks!

"Do you really think that we are ants? You can step on us if you want to!"

"Do you really think that we don't have any dignity?"

"Boom!"

Mo San's powerful aura directly covered sun lie Tian.

It was filled with a brutal and violent aura, causing sun lie Tian's face to instantly turn pale.

"What?"

His expression changed drastically, and a trace of fear flashed through his eyes.

Every expert had their dignity, and it wasn't something that a weakling could provoke at will, especially someone like sun lie Tian.

If he didn't have the strength and still didn't allow others to move aside, he was simply courting death!

When everyone around saw this scene, their faces revealed shock.

The Sun Group today would probably lose face!

"In-laws, brother Zhou!"

When Sun Lie Tian saw the incomparably powerful Mo San and the others, his eyes turned blood red.

His youngest son had been killed, yet the murderer was still so domineering and disdainful, causing his breathing to become somewhat hurried!

He looked at the middle-aged man behind him, clenched his fist, and shouted in a low voice.

"Brother Sun, even our heavenly wind group has to be wary of a seventh or eighth level void interpretation expert!"

The old man in the middle said slowly with an expressionless face.

At least a seventh or eighth level void interpretation expert. If their tianfeng Corporation wanted to deal with them, they had to be cautious. Moreover, they did not know the other party's background!

"Brother Zhou, if you are willing to take action, I will give you eight portions of the things in the Tianfeng Ancient Land!"

Sun Lie Tian gritted his teeth and said with a malevolent expression!

His Sun clan had found a treasure ground in the Tianfeng ancient land. After the Tianfeng clan found out about it, in order to obtain three portions, they agreed to a marriage alliance with the Sun clan and promised many benefits!

Taking out this condition made sun lie Tian's heart ache!

"Eight portions!"

The eyes of the old man in the center shone with a fiery glow as he exchanged glances with the middle-aged men beside him.

"Uncle, with what we obtained in the Tianfeng ancient land, even a peak of the profound void martial stage can deal with it. It's worth it!"

"Moreover, there's still young master tianfeng..."

The middle-aged men nodded their heads with interest!

The old man in the center also nodded his head silently!

"The Sun family is the in-laws of our tianfeng group. If someone kills our in-laws, our tianfeng group can not sit idly by!"

"I am Zhou Hongyun of the Tianfeng Corporation. Whoever killed the son of our in-laws just now is here to commit suicide!"

The old man in the center, Zhou Hongyun, slowly walked out and stared at Mo Sanyi and the others as he said proudly.

Tianfeng Corporation was the largest corporation in Tianfeng City!

Even in the entire east, it was a powerful corporation that could rank in the top 15!