Chapter 1849: 1,849, one hair, one sword

The sun group might not have the right to make them pay with their lives when facing a seventh or eighth level insightful void martial artist.

However, the tianfeng group had this strength, and they also had this qualification!

"Zhou Hongyun? The number three figure of the tianfeng group, I didn't expect him to be here!"

"The people of the tianfeng group are also here. It seems that the marriage between the Sun Group and the Tianfeng Group is a fact. With the tianfeng group standing up for the Sun family, those people are unlucky!"

"The number three figure of the Tianfeng Group, director Zhou, has the strength of a seventh-level profound void martial artist, and the entire Tianfeng group has seventy to eighty profound void martial artists. Most importantly, Tianfeng Tianjiao is here!"

"The tianfeng group, which has more than ten thousand subordinates and seventy to eighty people, is an overlord-level existence. Even if the other party has a seventh or eighth-level profound void martial artist, they are going to fall!"

Just when everyone thought that the Sun Corporation would lose face this time, a voice suddenly appeared, causing their faces to reveal a shocked expression.

When they looked at the meticulously combed back hair of the old man, their faces revealed a reverent expression.

The number three figure of the Heavenly Wind Corporation held great power and possessed great strength!

"Heavenly Wind Corporation, not good. What about Little Jiu and little jiu?"

When Mo Jiu's parents-in-law saw Zhou Hongyun, they revealed a frightened expression and said in a daze.

The Heavenly Wind Corporation was like thunder in the entire heavenly wind city. They were like a huge mountain, overlooking the entire Heavenly Wind City.

"Parents-in-law, don't worry!"

Mo Jiu also slightly frowned. Living in Heavenly Wind City, he naturally knew the heavenly wind corporation's strength very well.

"Heavenly Wind Corporation, I didn't expect the Heavenly Wind Corporation to interfere. Are you afraid of them?"

"TSK TSK, their strongest heavenly wind prodigy is only at the peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Standing in front, MO San had naturally heard of the Heavenly Wind Corporation's name. If it was in the past, they wouldn't dare to offend them.

But now, even if they were facing the ninth ranked heavenly wind prodigy, they weren't afraid at all!

"Your Tianfeng Corporation wants to keep us here?"

Mo San looked at Zhou Hongyun, his eyes flickering with a sinister expression!

"It's only right and proper to kill someone to pay for their life. In front of our Tianfeng Corporation, you'd better surrender!"

Zhou Hongyun's face revealed a faint smile!

"Die, you dare to kill my son, Sun Lietian, I'll cut you into a thousand pieces!"

From the side, when he saw the tianfeng corporation attack, a ferocious expression appeared on his face!

"If you want to kill us, go to Hell!"

Facing the high and Mighty Tianfeng Corporation, MO SAN also went berserk.

Did they really think that they were easy to bully?

"Roar!"

With a wave of his arm, violent dark energy surged, and in an instant, a thousand-meter-wide dark dragon head condensed.

The Dark Dragon head let out a roar and directly attacked Zhou Hongyun and the rest of the Tianfeng Corporation!

"You don't know Death!"

Zhou Hongyun's face turned cold, and with a shake of his arm, five green sharp swords appeared behind him.

With a wave of his arm, the sharp swords brought along wind blades the size of 1,000 meters, and went to meet the Dark Dragon Head!

"Oh no, let's fight, let's retreat quickly!"

"The destructive power of the profound void tier is extremely terrifying. Retreat! Retreat!"

When the surrounding spectators saw the sudden outbreak of the battle, their expressions changed slightly and they hurriedly retreated.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"Oh no!"

However, in the middle of the battle, when Zhou Hongyun's five green longswords collided with the head of the Dark Dragon, they immediately collapsed, causing his expression to change drastically.

"Peak of the profound void martial stage, he's an expert at the peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Jin Hongyun felt the power coming from above, and his pupils constricted slightly.

"Dodge his attack, send out a distress signal immediately!"

He hurriedly roared loudly, and his body moved, hurriedly dodging to the side.

"What?"

The expressions of the heavenly wind corporation experts around him changed drastically.

"Damn it, the peak of the insightful emptiness realm is actually the peak of the insightful emptiness realm!"

"Sou Sou Sou!"

A middle-aged man hurriedly took out a signal flare and threw it into the sky!

The signal flare instantly shot into the sky and stood clearly in the sky 10,000 meters high. Everyone in Heavenly Wind City could see it clearly.

It was the heavenly wind corporation's unique distress signal!

"Boom!"

"Ahhhh!"

The attack of the Dark Dragon head landed in front of the Sun family building. Several middle-aged men of the Heavenly Wind Corporation who didn't have time to dodge let out a scream and died instantly!

The ground began to shake, and a deep pit the size of 1,000 meters appeared in front of the building!

"How is this possible!"

When Sun Lie Tian saw this terrifying attack, his scalp went numb, and a terrified expression appeared on his face as he roared crazily!

"I didn't expect it to be an expert at the peak of the profound void martial stage. Sun Lie Tian, the heavenly wind ancient land's item, our heavenly wind corporation wants nine portions!"

"So what if it's an expert at the peak of the profound void martial stage? If he dares to oppose our Heavenly Wind Corporation, he will die!"

Zhou Hongyun looked over and also let out an angry roar. He took out a stone plate from his interspatial ring with a pained expression.

On the stone plate, there were more than a dozen green longswords. With a toss of his hand, one green longsword after another flew out and attacked Mo San and the others.

The stone plate looked very extraordinary. More than a dozen green longswords quickly formed a sword formation and floated around Mo San and the others.

Zhou Hongyun originally thought that the other party was only a profound void tier level 7 or 8 expert!

He could easily kill him with the treasures he obtained in the heavenly wind ancient land!

However, he didn't expect that his opponent was at the peak of the profound void martial stage!

However, even if he was at the peak of the profound void martial stage, he could still kill them with the treasures in his hands!

However, it wasn't what the heavenly wind group wanted to see him become the enemy of a peak of the profound void martial stage.

"Since we are enemies, let's get rid of them once and for all!"

Zhou Hongyun waved his arm, and the 18 sharp swords burst out with a terrifying sharpness as they attacked Mo San and the others!

"Eh? What powerful weapons, they can actually attack on their own!"

Mo San felt the sharpness of the eighteen sharp swords, and his face revealed a look of surprise!

"Together!"

"Good!"

He lightly shouted, and the four devils, fifteen devils, and sixteen beside him immediately responded.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In an instant, three incomparably terrifying auras came from their bodies.

"Attack!"

Their bodies were emitting terrifying demonic qi as they attacked the 18 sharp swords.

Another three black dragon heads let out earth-shaking roars.

"What? Four peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Zhou Hongwei's shocked voice came from his mouth, and his face was filled with disbelief!

"Oh no, four peak of the profound void martial stage, how is this possible!"

The other middle-aged men of the Tianfeng Corporation were also shocked, and fear appeared in their eyes!

The surrounding spectators were also shocked. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage were enough to destroy Tianfeng City!

Everyone was shocked!

"Peng, Peng, Peng!"

Eighteen sharp swords flew in all directions under the attacks of Mo San and the others!

The violent aura and monstrous demonic qi caused the hearts of everyone in the skywind Corporation to sink!

They had kicked an iron plate. If this was not handled properly, it would be a devastating disaster for the skywind Corporation!