Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1850: 1,850 a hair and a sword 3

At the entrance of the Sun Corporation building, the sound of a violent battle could be heard!

The four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage shocked everyone around them.

However, at this moment, the signal flare of the tianfeng Corporation in the sky attracted everyone's attention.

Located at the top of Tianfeng City, the Tianfeng Corporation building, which occupied an area of over 10,000 square meters, was the landmark of the entire city.

On the top floor of the Tianfeng mansion, there was an extremely luxurious hanging garden, which was extremely luxurious.

"May I know why the seniors are looking for me?"

In the hanging garden, a tall and slender young man with handsome features stood in front of the crowd.

The young man was dressed in white, and the words "Tianfeng"were written on his chest.

The hundreds of people standing in front of him wore golden armor, and each of them contained a majestic power.

"It's really surprising that they came to investigate some things. The outside world thought that Tianfeng Tianjiao only had the strength of the peak of the insightful void realm, but they didn't expect..."

The middle-aged man in the lead looked at Tianfeng Tianjiao in surprise.

"What?"

Tianfeng Tianjiao was shocked, and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. He immediately said respectfully, "Xue Tianjiao's discerning eyes saw through this kid's cultivation with one look!"

"With Tianfeng Tianjiao's strength, he can totally join the Lingxiao Treasure Hall!"

The leader, Xue Tianjiao, said indifferently to tianfeng.

"Join the Lingxiao Treasure Hall?"

Tianfeng was slightly stunned, and then a hesitant look appeared on his face.

Joining the Lingxiao Treasure Hall had great benefits, but there were also bad things. With his previous strength, he could also join the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, but he didn't join!

"The fifth divine son has fallen. With your strength, if you join the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, you should be able to get his position!"

Xue Tianjiang said with a smile.

"What?"

Tianfeng Tianjiao's face shook, and a burning look flashed in his eyes.

The position of Divine Son!

There were only ten divine sons in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall. If one wanted to become a divine son, he had to defeat the divine sons on the god-sealing list.

Those who could become the divine sons of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were all terrifyingly powerful.

They had the best weapons, the best resources, and even the strength to challenge people of a higher level.

Even though he had secretly made a breakthrough in his strength, he had never thought about the position of divine son because he was afraid of unforeseen circumstances. If he joined the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the gains would not be worth the losses!

Now, the heavenly general of the heavenly troops and generals of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had invited him and said that he could obtain the position of the divine son. This made him extremely excited.

It was good to enjoy the shade under the big tree. Under the Big Tree of the Lingxiao treasured palace, as long as there were no special circumstances, it would be very difficult for the divine son to die.

High and mighty!

"Heavenly General Xue, is what you said true?"

Tianfeng Tianjiao asked somewhat excitedly.

"There will be a huge change on earth, and the number of divine sons will increase by ten. You have my recommendation, and with the death of the fifth divine son and your own strength, you can skip the test. It's 100% , right?"

Tianfeng Xue nodded with a smile and looked at a middle-aged man beside him. "Follow Tianfeng Tianjiao and protect his safety!"

"Also, if Tianfeng Tianjiao wants to go to the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, bring him there!"

"Yes, Heavenly General!"

The middle-aged man next to him immediately nodded and replied.

"Thank you, General Xue, for your kindness. I, Zhou Tianfeng, will definitely repay you heavily in the future!"

Zhou Tianfeng's face was filled with excitement as he bowed his body, his eyes burning with passion.

"No need to thank me. With your strength and talent, you are worthy of my friendship!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Xue Tianjiang said with a smile.

Zhou Tianfeng stood up excitedly.

"Eh?"

At this moment, he saw the signal flare that belonged to the Tianfeng Corporation on the right side rise up, striking the sky.

This caused him to frown slightly.

The signal flare was usually released when the upper echelons of the tianfeng corporation encountered a crisis.

"Xue Tianjiang, I have some matters that I might need to take care of!"

Zhou Tianfeng looked at the signal flare and said!

"Sure, we have a mission too!"

General Xue Tianfeng nodded.

Zhou Tianfeng bowed and flew toward the signal flare.

The middle-aged heavenly soldier followed behind him.

This made Zhou Tianfeng's eyes burn. This was a first-level demigod heavenly soldier. Only true divine sons had demigod-level guards to protect them.

Although he didn't need a first-level demigod to protect him with his strength, this was a symbol of his status!

"Someone dares to provoke my tianfeng Corporation in tianfeng city. He doesn't know death!"

Zhou Tianfeng looked in the direction of the Sun Corporation's building with a hint of disdain in his eyes!

"Go to Hell, what Bullsh * T Tianfeng Corporation!"

At this moment, a violent sound came from the front, and terrifying demonic flames soared into the sky. Demonic Snakes rolled in the sky, covering an area of more than ten kilometers.

"Eh?"

"An attack from the peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed slightly when he saw the terrifying attack in front of him!

"Tianfeng Genius, do you want me to take action?"

Right at this moment, Tian Bing's voice came from the side.

"No Need!"

Hearing his words, a wanton smile appeared on Zhou Tianfeng's face. "Ever since I broke through, I've been concealing my strength. Today, I'll let everyone witness it!"

An excited expression appeared on his face. He opened his palm, and a green box appeared in his hand.

He opened the box, and there was a green sharp sword the size of a finger inside.

"Heaven Sword Sealed Box, Heaven Sword Hidden Edge!"

Zhou Tianfeng flicked it lightly, and the two sharp swords inside directly attacked the rampaging demon snake in the sky.

"Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The two sharp swords flew out and rapidly enlarged, and in the blink of an eye, they arrived above the rampaging demon snake in the sky.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The sharp edge that tore through the air directly cut off the heads of the demon snakes one by one, and the darkness slowly dissipated!

"Eh?"

At this moment, in front of the sun group building, Demon Three, demon four, and 156, four felt the demon Qi in the sky dissipate, and their expressions changed slightly.

In front of them, Zhou Hongyun, the Tianfeng Group, Sun Lie Tian, and the others watched with pale faces and despair.

Four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage, even the treasures in Zhou Hongyun's hands could not withstand them!

What awaited them was the fury of those at the peak of the profound void martial stage.

Just when they thought that the monstrous demonic snake would kill them, the demonic qi suddenly dissipated, causing them to be slightly shocked.

"Eh? It's tianfeng, Tianfeng is here!"

"Young Master Tianfeng is here!"

Everyone from the tianfeng corporation was excited when they saw Zhou Tianfeng.

"Tian Feng Tianjiao is here, the ninth-ranked on the prodigy roll!"

"Those four middle-aged men are too terrifying. They are all at the peak of the profound void martial stage. Even Tian Feng Tianjiao is no match for them!"

Everyone who was watching the battle was shocked.

Seeing the appearance of the Tianfeng Prodigy, everyone started discussing.

Zhou Tianfeng's arrival might not be able to change the current situation. They had provoked four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage this time!

"The ninth-ranked prodigy?"

Mo San and the others raised their heads and looked over. Their eyes revealed a grave expression.

The two sharp swords of the opponent had easily broken their attack, causing them to instantly sense it!

This tianfeng proud son of heaven, strength is very terrifying!