Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1851: 1851: a single hair and a sword 4

"This Tianfeng Prodigy is probably much stronger than the rumors!"

Mo San reminded the DRAKONIDS beside him in a low voice.

The drakonids nodded and stared solemnly at Zhou Tianfeng, their eyes shining.

"Tianfeng!"

At this moment, in front of them, a group of people from the Tianfeng Corporation hurriedly flew into the sky.

Zhou Hongyun didn't even care about the sharp swords scattered around him as he flew over in fear.

"What's going on?"

Zhou Tianfeng glanced at Mo Sanyi and the others below and asked indifferently.

"Tianfeng, they killed elder Sun's son. We wanted to avenge them, but we didn't expect that they were four experts at the peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Zhou Hongyun came to Zhou Tianfeng's side and lowered his head with an extremely embarrassed expression. "Tianfeng, we are in Big Trouble!"

The four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage were not something they could fight against.

Sou Sou Sou Sou

At this moment, the members of the tianfeng group rushed over from all directions.

The signal flares in the sky caused all the members of the tianfeng group to gather in this direction.

"Young master, director Zhou!"

"Who dares to provoke our Heavenly Wind Corporation? !"

When the members saw them, they immediately flew over and shouted respectfully behind them.

Their gazes landed on the positions below and on the eye-catching Mo Sanyi and the others.

"Four peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

When Zhou Tianfeng heard Zhou Hongyun's terrified voice, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"What? Four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage?"

When the members of the Tianfeng group behind him heard Zhou Hongyun's words, they were slightly shocked, and their aggressive aura instantly fell.

"Tianfeng, we are not their match, think of a way..."

Zhou Hongyun continued, but before he could finish his words, Zhou Tianfeng waved his hand and interrupted him.

"Four experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage, with such strength, I wonder what faction you guys are from!"

Zhou Tianfeng's body moved and landed on the ground, sizing up Mo San and the others.

"Tianfeng prodigy, it seems like you are much stronger than the rumors!"

Mo San and the others stared at Zhou Tianfeng warily and said lightly.

"Haha, then you guys, kneel down!"

Zhou Tianfeng laughed out loud. He was in a great mood as his body trembled. An incomparably powerful pressure swept downwards.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Like a powerful airwave, the rocks that had been shattered by the battle earlier flew towards the surroundings.

The incomparably terrifying aura caused the expressions of Mo San and the others below to change slightly.

Including Mo Jiu, the five of them hurriedly waved their arms, and waves of demonic qi blocked the position in the sky.

Mo Jiu's family members huddled together nervously!

"Oh? Tianfeng's strength?"

"Young Master's strength? Has He broken through?"

Above them, everyone in the Tianfeng Corporation felt Tianfeng Tianjiao's aura. They were slightly stunned, and their bodies trembled.

Zhou Hongyun and the others stared down with burning eyes, extremely excited.

If he had broken through... So what if he was at the peak of the profound void martial stage?

"What? Tianfeng Tianjiao broke through? First level demigod? Doesn't that mean he can be ranked in the top three of the prodigy roll?"

"This... is so powerful. I thought Tianfeng Corporation would be defeated this time. I didn't expect Tianfeng Tianjiao to have already broken through. He deserves to be called the son of Fate!"

At this moment, hundreds of thousands of people had gathered around. When they saw the invincible Tianfeng Tianjiao, their faces were filled with shock.

They thought that the Tianfeng Corporation would be in big trouble today, but they didn't expect tianfeng Tianjiao to come with an invincible appearance!

If Tianfeng Tianjiao broke through, then his strength would reach the demigod level!

"First level demigod!"

Mo Sanyi and the others had extremely serious expressions on their faces as they stared at Zhou Tianfeng.

"Haha, you guys are very strong, but it's a pity that you met me!"

"I don't care what the reason is. Since you dare to attack the members of My Tianfeng Group, you all have to stay here today!"

Zhou Tianfeng laughed loudly, and his face revealed an extremely strong confidence!

He had an imposing bearing, was in high spirits, and had a lofty horn on his head. After becoming a divine son, he would be like a star on Earth.

"Oh no, Mo Si, contact the leader!"

Mo San looked at the powerful Zhou Tianfeng and frowned.

"Yes!"

Mo Si nodded and took out his phone to send a message to Mo Qinglong and the others.

The intervention of the Tianfeng Corporation, the appearance of the Tianfeng Prodigy, and his breakthrough had completely exceeded their expectations!

"Oh? Go and inform someone to save you?"

"I want to see who can save you today. Even if the number one prodigy comes, you have to stay here!"

"I also want to see what kind of force you are. You actually have four experts at the peak of the profound void Martial Stage!"

Seeing that Mo Si was asking for help, Zhou Tianfeng revealed a mocking smile and didn't stop him.

If it was in the past, he would have killed him directly.

But now, not only did he not make a move, he even allowed them to ask for help.

Today, he wanted to let everyone know his strength!

He wanted to let everyone know that he, Zhou Tianfeng, was about to become a divine son.

No matter how powerful your background was, how could you be comparable to the Lingxiao treasured palace?

He wanted to create momentum!

He wanted to kill the other party's rescuers when they arrived and show his invincibility!

"Hiss, this... Tianfeng Tianjiao is so confident!"

"Is he trying to establish his dominance? Or is he trying to get rid of the people below and the faction behind them once and for all?"

"Standing in the void and not stopping them from asking for help? How confident is he? Invincible, truly invincible!"

More and more people were watching. When they heard Tianfeng Tianjiao's words, their faces were filled with astonishment.

This move was truly shocking.

How confident and invincible he was to wait for the other party to call people over!

"Accumulating prestige?"

The heavenly soldier behind Tianfeng Tianjiao also revealed an expression of admiration and respect when he saw his actions.

This move could greatly increase his prestige.

"After becoming a divine son, his future is limitless. I have to curry favor with him!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The middle-aged heavenly soldier thought to himself. He was already several thousand years old, and his future was hopeless!

Even the heavenly generals wanted to curry favor with a divine son with such great potential. He naturally knew what to do.

"Oh? He doesn't put us in his eyes at all!"

Below, Mo San saw Tianfeng Tianjiao looking down at them and slightly raised his brows!

"This is just right. I want to see how chief and the others will kill us when they arrive!"

Mo Fifteen's eyes sparkled!

"Chief and the others have received the news and are on their way!"

Mo Si looked at the reply on his phone and said indifferently!

"All the DRAKONIDS are heading to Tianfeng City. Mo San and the others are in trouble!"

At that moment, in Jiang City's villa, Mo Qinglong's expression turned cold when he received the distress call. He immediately roared loudly.

A terrifying killing intent burst forth from his body!

"What? Mo San and the other five are in trouble?"

The drakonids were slightly startled and immediately stood up!

"Heavenly Wind Corporation, the ninth-ranked prodigy on the prodigy roll. Now that he has advanced to the first level of the demigod rank, just a single prodigy wants to kill us brothers. Let's go and kill them and destroy their Heavenly Wind Corporation!"

Mo Qinglong roared with a ghastly expression