Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1852: 1,852, one strand of hair and one sword

"Let's Go!"

At the River City, Mo Qinglong and the group of Drakonids quickly flew towards the direction of Heavenly Wind City.

The distance between the two places was only about 1,000 kilometers. With the help of Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan, the two demigods could teleport.

It would take them at most five minutes to reach heavenly wind city!

"This...". Heavenly Wind Prodigy had actually reached the demigod realm, the son of Fate. Every single prodigy was the son of fate. It was as expected. In the past, everyone thought that heavenly wind prodigy was only at the peak of the insightful void realm. However, after four peak of the insightful void realm experts became enemies with Heavenly Wind Corporation, Heavenly Wind Prodigy directly displayed the strength of a demigod!"

"Who are those people down there? Four of them are at the peak of the profound void martial stage. Their strength is also very terrifying!"

"Those people down there seem to be asking for help. However, Tianfeng Tianjiao is standing there waiting for their people to arrive. Hiss, Tianfeng Tianjiao is so confident!"

"With Tianfeng Tianjiao's current strength, even the number one on the prodigy roll would be able to fight for a bit. He is completely unafraid of any force!"

The distress signal flares floating in the sky, the explosions coming from the Sun clan group, and over ten thousand members of the Tian Feng group gathered in the sky.

This scene attracted the attention of the entire Tian Feng City, and everyone flew over curiously.

When they learned of the cause and effect, everyone's faces revealed a shocked expression.

Four experts at the peak of the profound void realm had a conflict with the Tian Feng Group. Just when everyone thought that the Tian Feng group would meet with big trouble or even be destroyed, Tian Feng's prodigy flew across the sky, displaying the invincible appearance of a demigod!

It had been said long ago that every prodigy was the son of fate, the so-called main character.

Just when everyone thought that the main character was about to be killed or killed, the main character would erupt with strength that no one expected, performing a huge reversal.

Today, the heavenly wind prodigy displayed what was the son of fate, and what was the main character.

He floated proudly in the sky, looking down at Mo Sanyi and the others with an indifferent expression, waiting for the other party to call them over.

This attitude made many people around him submit!

"Tianfeng Jiazi is simply too handsome. How great would it be if I could marry him!"

In fact, thousands of girls around him were looking at that tall, proud, and handsome figure with infatuation.

"Young Master tianfeng, I hope that you can let me personally kill them in the end and avenge my son!"

Sun Lietian respectfully said to Zhou Tianfeng with a face full of excitement and savagery.

"Yes!"

Zhou Tianfeng glanced at Sun Lietian indifferently and said.

"Thank you, Young Master Tianfeng!"

Sun Lietian's body trembled as he nodded his head. His blood-red eyeballs stared at the people below. "I will feed your corpses to the dogs!"

Around them, all the members of the tianfeng Corporation revealed smiles on their faces. Looking at the powerful young master, their faces were full of pride!

"Hehe!"

Below them, Mo San and the rest laughed coldly!

"I hope that in a while, Tianfeng Tianjiao, you can still stand high and mighty!"

Mo fifteen stared at Zhou Tianfeng, a trace of disdain flashing in his eyes as he directly said.

"Haha, I'll give you twenty minutes. If no one comes to save you in twenty minutes, then I'll Take Your Dog Lives!"

Hearing Mo Fifteen's words, Zhou Tianfeng laughed out loud and announced.

"Huh?"

After he finished speaking, Mo San and the others looked to the right. Through the dense crowd of people, they revealed faint smiles on their faces.

"We don't need 20 minutes!"

At this moment, a cold voice came from the back.

This caused the hundreds of thousands of people gathered in the surroundings, as well as the people from the Tianfeng Corporation in the center, to be slightly stunned. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"He's very fast!"

Zhou Tianfeng narrowed his eyes slightly and looked towards the right. "I want to see what kind of power dares to fight with My Tianfeng Corporation in tianfeng city..."

"Boom!"

Before he could finish his words, a terrifying aura came from the back.

"I want to see who dares to kill us!"

Devil Qi shot into the sky, covering half of the eastern sky of Tianfeng City!

The Devil Qi that covered an area of more than 100 kilometers interrupted Zhou Tianfeng's words, causing everyone to be stunned.

"Oh my God, this... What a terrifying aura!"

"Make way, make way!"

"Hiss! They... they..."

At this moment, the world changed, and the expressions of everyone who was watching the show changed drastically.

Especially those in the east. Everyone looked behind them, and their faces instantly revealed an extremely shocked expression.

They hurriedly hid to the side, their eyes wide open, filled with disbelief!

How... How is this possible?

A path opened up, and more than 40 figures appeared in everyone's sight.

When they saw the 40 terrifying figures in the air, their eyes instantly widened!

The aura of each of the 40 figures was no less than that of a peak profound void martial stage cultivator. Even the old man and the middle-aged man in the middle had an even more terrifying aura!

"Them?"

Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed drastically when he saw Dongfang and the others. He couldn't believe it!

"This is impossible!"

Tian Bing's expression also changed slightly as he stared at Mo Qinglong and the others.

"This is impossible. There are more than 40 at the peak of the insightful void realm and two at the first rank of the demigod realm. Other than the Lingxiao treasured palace and the other three forces, it's impossible for them to have so many experts!"

"But they're obviously not from our Lingxiao treasured palace and the other three forces!"

"They must have obtained a huge opportunity in some god country and obtained a huge inheritance. I really didn't expect that! I really didn't expect that!"

The middle-aged heavenly soldier muttered with a hint of jealousy in his eyes.

"Leader!"

Mo San and the others smiled and flew toward Mo Qinglong and the others with smiles on their faces!

Mo Jiu's wife and son widened their eyes slightly as they followed behind in a daze.

"Go to the back and protect Yueyi and the others!"

Mo Qinglong stroked Yueyi's head and said indifferently to them.

"Grandpa Mo!"

Yueyi and the others had seen Mo Qinglong and the others more than once. At this moment, he lowered his head and called out shyly.

"Yueyi, go to the back and watch. Anyone who dares to bully you will have to see if we agree or not!"

Mo Qinglong said to Le Yi indifferently.

Mo Jiu's wife and the rest nodded excitedly and followed mo jiu to stand at the back.

"Tianfeng Tianjiao? A reckless thing from the sun group almost killed our brother's son. We are here to take revenge. Are you going to stand up for them?"

"Very good. Ask our brother to call someone to save them. In five minutes, we will rush here. Now, I will give you ten minutes!"

"In ten minutes, if you can't find the person who saved you, then everyone in the Tianfeng Corporation will die!"

Mo Qinglong stared at them and roared the last sentence!

If Zhou Tianfeng dared to ask Mo San and the others to call for help, then they would also dare to ask the other party to call for help.

Return the favor. What was at stake was strength and power. The loser would die!