Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1853: 1853, a single strand of hair, and a sword 6

They were all going to die!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying killing intent shot out from Mo Qinglong's body, and a powerful killing intent locked onto Zhou Tianfeng!

The powerful aura and the cold words caused everyone's breathing to stop.

Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed drastically, and his cold eyes stared fixedly at Mo Qinglong!

The expressions of all the members of tianfeng Corporation changed drastically, and fear appeared in their eyes.

The change in their characters was too fast!

Just now, they were the ones who were judging the other party's group. However, they had never expected that the other party would have more than forty experts flying over!

The lowest was at the peak of the insightful void realm!

Without their young master heavenly wind, one or two peak of the insightful void realm experts would be able to annihilate their heavenly wind corporation!

However, the other party actually had more than forty experts, more than forty of them!

Especially since their leader was obviously a demigod!

"How is this possible? 80% of the prodigies on the Prodigy rankings haven't reached the peak of the profound void martial stage yet, and now there are more than 40 of them? This..."

The surrounding people were also in disbelief.

20 prodigies were born from the 20 ancient lands. They were known as the prodigies of heaven and the children of Fate.

The prodigies'strength ranged from the seventh level of the profound void martial stage to the demigod realm.

With such strength, they could become prodigies and establish powerful groups.

But now, there were more than 40 prodigies who could rival the top 10 on The Prodigy leaderboard. This...

How could they believe it!

"How Can Tianfeng Heaven's favorites resist? I'm afraid the Tianfeng Corporation is finished!"

The surrounding spectators looked at Tianfeng Heaven's favorites in astonishment, and then at the group of experts who suddenly appeared.

"What a surprise. There are more than 40 peak of the insightful void realm and two demigod experts!"

Zhou Tianfeng clenched his fists, and an embarrassed expression appeared on his face.

"However, do you think that you can destroy us with such strength?"

He glanced at the heavenly soldier beside him and raised his head slightly. There was no fear on his face at all.

There were two level-one demigod experts on the other side, but there was also a level-one demigod beside him!

As Zhou Tianfeng spoke, he took a step forward, and the level-one demigod experts all burst out.

Behind him, a hurricane formed and condensed into numerous sharp green swords.

They clashed with the Azure Demon Dragon!

Boom

When his aura erupted, the heavenly soldier beside him also unleashed the power of a demigod.

A sharp light and Zhou Tianfeng's aura pressed forward together.

In an instant, a storm raged!

"What? The middle-aged man beside Tianfeng Tianjiao is also a demigod? My God, who is he?"

"Who is that middle-aged man in Golden Armor? This... Tianfeng Tianjiao also has a demigod beside him!"

When the heavenly soldier beside Zhou Tianfeng released his aura, the expressions of everyone around him changed.

The sudden appearance of experts shocked them.

"Is this the so-called son of Fate?"

Some of them looked at the heavenly soldier beside Zhou Tianfeng and murmured.

"If it's only the two of you demigods, then today, your tianfeng Corporation and the two of you will be destroyed!"

Mo Yuan didn't panic at all when he saw the heavenly soldier. Instead, a strong fighting spirit appeared on his face.

A powerful aura locked onto the heavenly soldier.

"Is that so? We can fight now!"

A wild and violent expression appeared on his face. As soon as he finished speaking, the drakonids emitted an extremely powerful killing intent.

When the group of Drakonids took two steps forward, Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed slightly.

Although there were two demigods on their side, there were more than 40 peak of the profound void martial stage other than the two demigods.

If they really started fighting, the rest of the tianfeng corporation would be killed instantly!

"Even the golden-armored middle-aged man has the strength of a demigod, but Tianfeng Tianjiao and the others aren't a match for that mysterious organization!"

"There are too many peak of the insightful void realm experts on the other side. More than 40 peak of the insightful void realm experts combined can kill a rank one demigod!"

The expressions of the surrounding onlookers changed slightly when they saw this scene.

Some timid people hurriedly retreated. The range of a demigod-level battle was very terrifying!

Zhou Tianfeng frowned and his expression changed drastically.

He hadn't joined the Lingxiao Treasured Palace yet and wasn't a divine son yet. He couldn't reveal his identity yet.

Facing this powerful group of people in front of him, he couldn't do anything.

"Tianfeng prodigy, Xue Tianjiang and the others are here!"

At this moment, the heavenly soldier beside him suddenly looked in the direction of the Tianfeng ancient land. His eyes flickered as he said indifferently.

"Oh?"

Zhou Tianfeng was slightly stunned. He immediately looked toward the Tianfeng ancient land!

Vaguely, he saw Xue Tianjiang flying toward them with 100 heavenly soldiers.

This made him smile as he slowly looked at Mo Qinglong and the others.

"Today, it might not be a battle, but a massacre!"

Zhou Tianfeng's face revealed a ghastly expression.

"Heavenly soldiers, heavenly generals, that's the heavenly soldiers, Heavenly Generals!"

At this moment, amidst the tense atmosphere, a shocked roar suddenly sounded.

"Heavenly soldiers, Heavenly Generals?"

In an instant, everyone hurriedly looked towards the source of the sound. Some of them quickly scanned their surroundings.

Heavenly soldiers and generals. These four words represented an invincible army on Earth!

Everyone still remembered that when the gods descended, there were 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals that were floating in the sky and emitting endless majesty!

Every single heavenly soldier had the strength of a first-stage demigod. Every single heavenly general had the strength of a fifth-stage demigod or above.

An Invincible Army, an existence that would not be offended!

"It's really the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals! What... What are they doing here?"

When some people saw the hundreds of people flying over from the heavenly wind ancient land, their eyes widened and were filled with reverence.

"Heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals!"

When Mo Qinglong and the others heard these words, they were slightly shocked and looked over as well.

As their gazes swept over, their faces revealed an incomparably grave expression. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Over a hundred people were led by a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man was covered in golden armor. His body was tall and sturdy, and he looked awe-inspiring.

His face was filled with an awe-inspiring expression.

Behind the middle-aged man, a group of heavenly soldiers held golden long spears in their hands. Their gazes coldly swept over the surroundings.

This kind of coldness was as though a god was looking at an ordinary mortal!

"Eh? There are actually so many decent experts?"

Xue Tian led a group of heavenly soldiers and flew over. His gaze swept past Mo Qinglong and the others, and his eyes revealed surprise as well!

"Tianfeng, what happened?"

As Xue Tian spoke, his gaze turned towards Zhou Tianfeng in the middle as he asked with a smile on his face!

The powerful aura that erupted from this side caused Xue Tian to fly over with curiosity. When he saw Zhou Tianfeng here, he somewhat understood what had happened!

However, his words 'Tiefeng'causeD everyone to open their mouths in surprise!