Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1854: 1854, a single hair and a sword 7

Heavenly Wind?

The appearance of the heavenly troops and heavenly generals caused everyone's faces to be filled with shock and awe.

However, they weren't too shocked. After all, this wasn't the first time they had seen the heavenly troops and heavenly generals!

However, the leader of the heavenly troops and heavenly generals descended from the sky and called out to Heavenly Wind Tianjiao with an amiable expression, causing everyone to be shocked.

"How does Tian Feng know a heavenly general?"

Everyone in the crowd widened their eyes, and so did all the members of the Tianfeng Group!

What happened today completely exceeded their expectations.

Four powerful existences at the peak of the Profound Void Martial Stage! Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Tian Feng had broken through to the demigod realm!

Two demigods and more than 40 experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage had arrived!

The demigods beside Tianfeng Tianjiao!

Tianfeng Tianjiao's confrontation with this mysterious force!

It was a reversal, a constant reversal!

Just when everyone thought that Tianfeng Tianjiao and the others were still at a disadvantage, the heavenly troops and heavenly generals suddenly appeared.

The heavenly troops and heavenly generals directly called Tianfeng with a smile on their faces?

A series of changes caused the hearts of everyone in Tianfeng City to beat violently.

Even everyone in Heavenly Wind Corporation felt the same way.

This group of enemies and their young master had brought them too much shock!

Especially now!

"Greetings, Lord Heavenly Soldiers and Heavenly Generals!"

At this moment, everyone in the surroundings reacted.

The hundreds of thousands of people gathered in the surroundings bowed and greeted the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals.

Although they didn't kneel, the position of the heavenly soldiers and generals could be seen from the bow.

When Mo Qinglong and the others saw this scene, they frowned and had a bad premonition!

"Heavenly General Xue!"

When Zhou Tianfeng saw them coming, he was excited and cupped his hands!

"Haha, Tianfeng, you don't have to be so polite. When you join the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, you'll be a divine son on the god Ascension list. At that time, we'll also be senior and Junior Brothers!"

"Is there anyone here who wants to be rude to Tianfeng?"

Heavenly General Xue laughed loudly and said to Zhou Tianfeng in a carefree manner.

When he finished his last sentence, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he indifferently swept his gaze over the Azure Demon Dragon and the others.

Being able to befriend a divine son was extremely beneficial to Heavenly General Xue.

The heavenly troops and heavenly generals seemed awe-inspiring, but in reality, most of the heavenly generals in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were inferior to divine sons!

The members of the heavenly soldiers and generals were mostly cultivators who were 5,000 to 6,000 years old, or even 7,000 to 8,000 years old.

It was already very difficult for them to become gods!

As for those divine sons, they were young and possessed incomparably terrifying strength. Even if they couldn't become gods in the end, they could basically reach the seventh or eighth level of the demigod realm, or even higher.

That was why General Xue Tian was so polite to Zhou Tianfeng and gave him so much face.

According to the people on Earth's evaluation of Heaven's pride, they were the children of fate, the main characters!

The treatment of the main characters!

At this moment, Zhou Tianfeng was completely the template of the main characters!

"Is there someone here who is being unreasonable to Tianfeng?"

When everyone heard Xue Tianjiang's words, they sucked in a breath of cold air!

"Tianfeng's Heaven's pride wants to join the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and become a divine son!"

"Tianjiang, who dares to be rude to Tianfeng Tianjiao? !"

Their bodies trembled, and when everyone saw this scene, their bodies trembled!

"This is fate, this is strength. In the future, Tianfeng Tianjiao has a high chance of becoming a god!"

Some people looked at the figure in the sky and sucked in a breath!

"Haha, Xue Tianjiang, that group of people said they want to destroy our Tianfeng Corporation and kill me!"

"More than 40 experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage and two experts at the level of demigod-level 1 are very powerful. Give me ten minutes. If I can't summon any experts within ten minutes, they will make their move!"

Zhou Tianfeng shouted loudly when he saw Xue Tianjiang giving him face.

He looked at Mo Qinglong and the others with a mocking expression.

"Oh? You Want to kill Tianfeng and destroy your tianfeng organization? I'll give you ten minutes to call for help?"

Xue Tianjiang smiled and looked at Mo Qinglong and the others as well.

At this moment, the gazes of everyone who saw Zhou Tianfeng and Xue Tianjiang were all focused on Mo Qinglong and the others!

They knew that this group of "Villains"would be in trouble soon!

"Over 40 experts at the peak of the profound void martial stage are indeed powerful, but you want to take Tianfeng's life?"

Xue Tianjiang looked down at Mo Qinglong and the others, and his aura slowly rose!

"Weng!"

A long spear suddenly appeared in his hand!

"Clang!"

The sound of metal clanging could be heard from the long spear. He held the long spear in his hand and pointed it at the 100-kilometer-long demon cloud in the sky.

The long spear flashed with a cold light and directly charged into the sky.

"Boom!"

A thunderous sound rang out from within the demonic cloud, and all of the demonic clouds instantly dissipated!

"This... This is the strength of a heavenly general?"

At this moment, everyone saw a flash of lightning, and the demonic qi that covered 100 kilometers dissipated. All of their faces revealed expressions of shock!

"Hu!"

Mo Qinglong and the others stopped breathing, and they felt an incomparable pressure.

"Considering your strength, I'll give you a chance to live. Kneel down to Tian Feng and respect him in the future!"

Xue Tianjiang pointed the long spear in the sky at Mo Qinglong and the others and said calmly!

Respect Me?

Zhou Tianfeng also revealed an excited expression when he heard Xue Tianjiang's words.

With him as their leader, there were more than 40 peak insightful void realm demigods.

If he became their leader in the future, his strength and influence would receive a huge increase.

Even if he became a divine son in the future, he still had strong confidence that he was not weaker than the other divine sons. In fact, he was even stronger than them!

Zhou Tianfeng looked at Xue Tianjiang gratefully, his eyes shining!

"I am the chosen one. I am the main character on Earth!"

He clenched his fists tightly, his eyes filled with excitement!

The other people in Heavenly Wind City also opened their mouths slightly.

"He wants us to kneel down and respect them. Haha, is He Worthy?"

When Azure Demon Dragon Heard Heavenly General Xue's words, he growled in a low voice with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"Prepare to flee!"

His arm slowly turned into a dragon claw, and a pair of dragon horns gradually appeared on his head as he spoke softly to the group of DRAKONIDS beside him.

"Oh? In this state? I understand now. So you guys have obtained some bloodlines. No wonder, no wonder you guys were able to improve so quickly!"

"However, more than forty people have obtained bloodlines. I think it's impossible for them to have divine-grade bloodlines. Their potential is limited!"

Xue Tianjiang raised his brows slightly when he saw the changes on Mo Qinglong's body.

If the other party had reached such a realm with a human bloodline, then he wouldn't have killed Mo Qinglong and the others because their potential was endless!

But if it was a bloodline, then it was different!

"Are you unwilling to submit? If you offend the future divine son, I'll sentence you to death!"

"Are you very strong? You are just ants. Kill them!"

General Xue ordered the heavenly soldiers behind him!