Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1855: 1855, a single hair, and a sword 8

"Clang!"

When General Xue Tian gave the order, the hundred over heavenly soldiers behind him moved their spears!

A cold voice and a sharp edge resounded throughout the sky!

The hundred over heavenly soldiers stared at Mo Qinglong and the others, their expressions unchanged.

Although these forty over people were very strong, they could be easily killed by them!

"Xue Tianjiang has given you a chance to live. Submit to me and respect me. Don't Be Reckless!"

Seeing the heavenly soldiers preparing to attack, Zhou Tianfeng roared at Mo Qinglong and the others!

Compared to killing them and taking them as his subordinates, he wanted to take these people as his subordinates.

Even at this moment, he could see that these people had bloodlines.

"You guys run, I'll fight with Mo Yuan!"

Mo Qinglong ignored Zhou Tianfeng and immediately roared at the drakonids behind him.

"Go!"

The drakonids let out a low growl with an extremely ugly expression and turned around, wanting to flee into the distance.

"You want to escape? With just a bunch of ants like you?"

At the instant the DRAKONIDS wanted to escape, a look of contempt appeared on Xue Tianjiang's face.

Without him saying a word, the group of heavenly soldiers beside him instantly disappeared!

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

In just an instant, a group of heavenly soldiers appeared around Mo Qinglong and the others.

More than a hundred heavenly soldiers directly surrounded them.

At this moment, the expressions of all the DRAKONIDS changed drastically.

"Not good!"

Mo Qinglong's heart sank, and a trace of despair flashed through his eyes.

"What a powerful heavenly army! They moved in an instant and surrounded all of them!"

"It's as difficult as ascending to the heavens to escape in front of the heavenly army, even if this group of people is incomparably powerful!"

The expressions of the surrounding spectators were shocked once again, and their gazes were fixed on them.

"Kill them, kill them! Haha, all of Them Must Die!"

Sun Lie Tian revealed an extremely excited expression when he saw this scene.

They had killed their own son. The more people they killed, the more excited he became!

"I'll give you one last chance, submit!"

Zhou Tianfeng gave a final warning when he saw this scene!

However, what came next was still the unwavering eyes of the DRAKONIDS.

"I'll give you a chance but you don't want it? Kill a few of them first!"

General Xue Tian glanced at Zhou Tianfeng and ordered the heavenly soldiers indifferently.

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

As soon as he finished speaking, dozens of heavenly soldiers instantly attacked the DRAKONIDS.

The strength of a rank one demigod was completely unleashed.

"Get lost!"

Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan's expressions changed drastically as they directly faced the group of heavenly soldiers!

"Die!"

Seeing the two charge over, killing intent appeared in the eyes of the dozen or so heavenly soldiers.

"Die!"A cold voice sounded out as spear lights pierced towards the two.

"No, leader!"

Behind them, the Drakonids'expressions changed drastically as they charged over and roared loudly!

"Bang Bang!"

The arms of the Azure Demon Dragon and Mo Yuan turned into dragon claws as they faced the long spears.

When the two of them blocked the two long spears, they felt a wave of powerlessness.

Fear appeared on their faces as they watched the long spears continue to stab towards them!

Despair appeared on their faces!

"Buzz!"

Just as they thought that they were about to be pierced by the long spears, a blood-red hair on their heads moved slightly.

"Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang!"

That hair fell from their bodies and condensed into a ray of light in front of them that was the combination of dark lightning and flames!

The light flashed and blocked more than ten heavenly soldiers!

"Huh?"

Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan were slightly stunned, and their faces showed astonishment!

"What?"

The more than ten attacking heavenly soldiers showed astonishment.

They saw a light appear in front of the two people, and then the strand of hair slowly floated down!

The strand of hair seemed to have lost its energy and became a little withered.

A strand of hair?

"They have defensive treasures on them!"

A heavenly soldier shouted coldly.

"Continue to attack!"

The Voice of another heavenly soldier rang out!

At the same time, in the Tian da square of Jiang City, Wang Xian, who was holding Cai'er with his right hand and a flower on his neck, was shopping in a children's clothing store!

Beside him, Yao Nu and Ao Qitian, Ao Jian, were following him.

All of a sudden, ao Qitian's body paused!

"Dragon King, something might have happened to Mo Qinglong and the rest. I have placed my hair on a group of drakonids. It can help them withstand fatal attacks from those below the Godly State!"

"Now, the hair on Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan's bodies have been consumed!"

Ao qitian immediately walked to Wang Xian's side and transmitted his voice to him.

"HMM?"

Wang Xian's body paused slightly. He frowned and sensed that Mo Qinglong and the rest were still alive. Then, he looked at AO qitian and said, "You and Ao Jian go over. Kill all the enemies!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao qitian nodded his head. Then, he took ao Jian and disappeared from the spot instantly!

Yao Nu, who was at the side, heard their conversation and widened her eyes slightly.

"Buzz!"

In just an instant, Ao Qitian and Ao Jian appeared in the sky about 20,000 meters above the sun group building in Tianfeng City.

With AO Qitian's current strength, he was only a few thousand kilometers away. It would take less than a second.

When they appeared in the sky, more than a dozen heavenly soldiers attacked Devil Azure Dragon and Devil Abyss from below again. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Let me do it!"

Ao Jian looked down and waved his arm. A sharp sword directly attacked below.

"Go to hell!"

More than ten heavenly soldiers'Long Spears locked onto Demonic Azure Dragon and demonic abyss from below. Once this attack landed on them, they would definitely die!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, a sword fell from the sky.

A golden sword that emitted a cold metallic luster appeared above the heavenly soldiers as though it had teleported.

"Pu Pu Pu!"

A golden light flashed, and the bodies of the heavenly soldiers that were attacking froze.

Under the shocked gazes of Mo Qinglong, Mo Yuan, and the surrounding heavenly soldiers and spectators, more than ten heavenly soldiers directly fell to the ground.

Their Hearts were instantly pierced!

"What?"

Xue Tianjiang, who stood proudly in the air, was slightly stunned, and his face revealed a stunned expression.

He looked at the sharp sword, and slowly revealed a shocked expression.

Someone dared to kill their heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals!

"What's going on? That sword... someone is attacking the heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals!"

While everyone was slightly stunned, they saw the golden sword floating in the air above the mysterious force, and their faces revealed a shocked expression.

Attack the heavenly soldiers and generals? This was the heavenly soldiers and generals!

The expressions of the remaining 80 heavenly soldiers changed.

They never expected that someone would dare to attack them!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, the sword moved again.

A golden light flashed and all the heavenly soldiers felt their hearts tighten. Their eyes started to lose focus!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

In the sky, the remaining eighty or so heavenly soldiers fell toward the ground!

Die!