Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1856: If 1856 was killed, so be it

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

In front of Tianfeng City's sun group, one corpse after another fell to the ground with an abnormally clear sound.

Even if there were hundreds of thousands of people gathered around, even if they were separated by a few people.

Everyone could hear the sound of the corpses falling to the ground.

The first ten or so corpses, along with the later eighty or so corpses, fell heavily to the ground.

As the sound rang out, everyone around felt as if the corpses were smashing into their hearts.

Heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, these were heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals!

The most powerful Legion in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, but now, a hundred heavenly soldiers had been directly killed.

A single sword had killed a hundred heavenly soldiers.

"This... This... who did this? Who Dared to kill a group of heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals!"

"Hiss... they're dead, they're dead. A hundred heavenly soldiers and generals were all killed. How is this possible? Who Did This? Who Dared to do this?"

"Look up, there are two figures up there!"

A ten-kilometer radius of silence lasted for more than ten seconds. A shocked voice burst out from the mouths of all the onlookers.

Everyone's faces were filled with shock!

Everything that had happened today had shocked them. However, the fact that more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals had been killed made them feel a little terrified.

This was the strongest army brought by the gods.

The weakest was a first level demigod. Any one of them could destroy an entire city.

Everyone sucked in a deep breath of cold air. They raised their heads and looked at the two figures in the sky.

"Who dares to kill our heavenly soldiers and generals? Who Is It?"

Xue Tianjiang's body trembled slightly. He raised his head and stared at the sky as he shouted sternly.

"Damn it, who are they?"

Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed drastically as a bad premonition enveloped his heart.

An expert who dared to kill even heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals had no scruples at all. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Mo Qinglong, who else wants to kill you!"

At this moment, ao Qitian's voice came from the sky. He completely ignored Xue Tianjiang's roar and the gazes from below!

"Leader AO, Tianfeng Tianjiao of tianfeng Corporation and a group of heavenly soldiers and generals want to kill us!"

Mo Qinglong and the others also reacted at this moment and immediately said respectfully to the two figures in the sky.

At this moment, Mo Qinglong and the others also understood that the hair that helped them block the fatal blow was the hair on Ao Qitian's body.

"What are they doing?"

Everyone in the surroundings was slightly shocked when they heard the indistinct voice coming from the sky!

"Tianfeng Corporation, Tianfeng Heaven's pride, heavenly troops and Heavenly Generals!"

Ao Jian's cold voice sounded from the sky. At this moment, the sharp sword that was suspended in the sky started to move.

The sharp swords gave off a metallic luster. One after another, the sharp swords split apart, instantly splitting into tens of thousands of swords.

The tens of thousands of sharp swords attacked everyone in the Tianfeng Corporation.

"Not good, quickly dodge!"

Zhou Tianfeng's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene, and he hurriedly shouted.

"Sou Sou Sou!"

However, with Ao Jian's almost invincible existence below the godly state, killing a few ordinary demigods and a group of insightful void transcendents was simply instant.

The sharp swords attacked everyone in the Tianfeng Corporation. At this moment, the sharp swords were like the scythes of the grim reaper.

"No, no, no!"

When everyone in the tianfeng Corporation saw the sharp metal swords attacking them, despair appeared on their faces.

They shouted in terror.

"Oh no, who are you people? How dare you kill me? I Am the future divine son, the son of fate, the main character of Earth!"

Zhou Tianfeng saw a golden sword heading toward him.

The resplendent metallic edge on it made his hair stand on end!

"Weng, Weng, Weng!"

He moved his palm, and a wooden box appeared in his hand. The green swords in the wooden box met the resplendent golden sword.

"Peng!"

However, to his horror, the instant the golden sword collided with the Green Sword he released, the Supreme Treasure he had obtained in the Tianfeng ancient land was easily struck to the side.

The resplendent golden sword continued to attack him.

This caused his face to be filled with shock!

"I am a heavenly soldier and a heavenly general. If you dare to attack me, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace will not let you off!"

An earth-shaking roar came from the side.

Lightning flashed all over Xue Tianjiang's body. He held a long spear in his hand and roared like a god of thunder.

When everyone around heard the sound, they immediately looked over.

"Pu Pu Pu!"

However, they saw a scene that they would never forget.

The Thunder God-like heavenly general was filled with lightning. However, at this moment, numerous sharp swords easily pierced through his body.

It was as if the Lightning was just a special effect!

"Crackle crackle!"

His body started to freeze, and his eyes started to lose focus.

He raised his head and stared at the two blurry figures in the sky. Gradually, he moved to the right.

In the sky on the right, there was a palace with a circumference of more than 10,000 kilometers that stood in the void.

That was the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

"The god of our Lingxiao Treasured Palace will not let you go..."

"Cough, cough!"

As soon as he finished speaking, his body fell toward the ground.

"No, no, no, I can't Die!"

Zhou tianfeng, who had witnessed Xue Tian's death, roared unwillingly.

He was about to become a divine son!

Even in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, he was still a divine son who stood high and mighty.

He was unwilling to accept this!

He widened his eyes and stared at the resplendent golden sword that was already in front of him. He roared powerlessly.

"Pu!"

With a single sword strike, everything vanished into thin air.

The so-called chosen ones, the main characters, the divine sons, and the children of fate were all unable to withstand ao Jian's strike!

The Heartless Sword Dao, the heartless sword!

"Peng!"

"Peng!"

Xue Tian's corpse fell, Zhou Tianfeng's corpse fell, and all the surrounding tianfeng organization members'corpses fell.

In less than five seconds, all of them died!

"Let's Go!"

Ao Qitian's voice sounded again, and he waved his arm.

Below, the corpses of more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals and Zhou Tianfeng's corpses were stored into the interspatial ring.

Mo Qinglong and the rest disappeared in an instant.

They only felt a flash before they returned to the villa in Jiang City!

"Thank you, leaders!"

Mo Qinglong and the rest felt awe in their hearts. They immediately bowed and thanked AO qitian and Ao Jian.

"There's no need!"

Mo Qinglong and Ao Jian shook their heads. Their bodies moved and disappeared again.

In the Tianda Square in Jiang City, the two figures appeared behind Wang Xian.

No one in the surrounding could sense their sudden appearance.

"Dragon King, we have killed more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals!"

Ao Qitian took two steps towards Wang Xian and reported.

"Kill them then!"

Wang Xian nodded his head nonchalantly!

"Daddi, Daddi, go there, there!"

At this moment, the sound of flowers could be heard from his neck.

"Alright, Alright!"

Wang Xian led them to the shop in front.

When Yao Nu Heard Ao Qitian's report and Wang Xian's nonchalance, her eyes were filled with shock!

The heavenly soldiers and generals of the Lingxiao treasured palace were killed just like that?