Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1857: 1857 family banquet 1

"Boom!"

"More than 100 heaven soldiers and generals were all killed. Tianfeng Tianjiao was killed. Oh My God, this, this..."

"Who are those people? How dare they kill Heaven Soldiers and generals? How dare they kill future divine sons? A sword is so terrifying!"

"These are troubled times. Yesterday, the Sea God died, the Divine Sea Palace disappeared from the bottom of the sea, the fifth divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace died, and more than 100 heaven soldiers and generals were killed. Tianfeng Tianjiao was killed. This..."

"He killed more than 100 heaven soldiers and heaven generals with only a sword. That Heaven General didn't even have the strength to resist, and Tianfeng Tianjiao was killed instantly. Who are they? What forces are they?"

At this moment, in Tianfeng City, the entire city was in an uproar.

Two figures and a sword!

The Heaven Soldiers and heaven generals that everyone thought were invincible were all killed by Tianfeng Tianjiao, whom they thought was the son of fate and the main character.

At the same time, everyone from the Heavenly Wind Corporation was also killed.

The death of a group of experts shook the entire heavenly wind city.

Troubled Times.

The news of more than a hundred heavenly troops and generals being killed quickly spread to the surroundings.

With the existence of the computer network, in just half a day, everyone in the East knew that the heavenly troops and generals had been killed.

At the same time, 100,000 meters high in the sky, in the towering Lingxiao treasured palace.

In the center of the Treasured Palace, a figure with a golden halo and a divine crown was leaning on a divine seat.

In front of them, 15 middle-aged men in golden armor and holding halberds stood in the center of the Treasured Palace!

On the bodies of the 15 people, there were five words written in the north, south, east, west.

They represented the heavenly generals and vice-generals of the east, west, and South Gates of the Lingxiao Treasured Hall respectively.

And the middle one represented the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals in the Lingxiao Treasured Hall! 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"More than 100 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals have been killed. Commander Dong, go and find out who did it. Once you find the murderer, report immediately!"

The figure on the divine throne said slowly.

"It's a divine lord. He killed our heavenly soldiers and generals. I will definitely take their heads!"

The commander of the East Heaven's gate shouted loudly with a cold face.

"Commander Zhong, how is the matter that I asked you to investigate?"

The figure on the divine throne continued to ask.

"Reporting to the Divine Lord, we did not find any clues in the Pacific Ocean. We discovered that the Earth's crust has begun to move violently. It seems like Earth is going to undergo a huge change!"

The middle commander's eyes sparkled as he reported!

"Next, get everyone in the Lingxiao treasured palace ready. Earth will usher in a second mutation. It will be an opportunity for everyone!"

The figure on the throne said slowly.

"Yes, Divine Lord!"

The commanders responded loudly. When they saw the figure on the throne disappear, they immediately retreated!

"The Sea God has fallen, and some powerful creatures have appeared. The second mutation is coming. This is an opportunity for the Lingxiao treasured palace. Perhaps a few gods will be born, and it is also an opportunity for us!"

"It is hard to say whether it is an opportunity or not, but we have to be careful next. After all, this is an ancient battlefield that has existed for more than 100,000 years. Demons and monsters are everywhere. When someone rises, someone will fall!"

"Someone is already challenging the dignity of our skyscraping treasured palace. There are more and more things that don't know whether they are dead or alive. We risked our lives to come here. We will definitely take the biggest fruit!"

The figure that was leaning on the divine throne appeared in a divine palace in the highest hall of the skyscraping treasured palace.

There were also a few figures in the divine palace.

They were chatting and looking down at the water-blue planet below through a mirror in the divine palace.

There was also a mirror at the side. There was a fixed pattern on the mirror.

It was also a planet. All the continents were connected together. The continents were the continents and the oceans were the oceans!

...

"How beautiful, how cute. Sir, your two little princesses are simply too cute!"

In the Tianda Square in Jiang City, Wang Xian brought the two little guys to a children's clothing store.

The waiter looked at Hua er Cai er who was wearing new clothes and said with sparkling eyes.

The two little guys were extremely clean and pure. They were exceptionally beautiful and cute.

Coupled with their almost identical facial features, all the passers-by looked at them curiously.

"They are pretty cute!"

"They are just a little naughty!"

Wang Xian looked at the two little guys who had changed into new clothes and said with a face full of affection.

"Hehe, Dad, it's my sister who's Naughty. I'm Not Naughty!"

The obedient Cai'er walked over and held his hand as she said!

"I'm Not Naughty, Daddi, I'm Not Naughty!"

Hua'er also ran over immediately and glared at Cai'er.

"Alright, Alright. Do you still want new clothes?"

"Yes, yes, yes!"

The intelligence of the two little kids could not be judged by common sense. However, the nature of shopping for clothes might be inborn in a woman.

Even the two little guys did not know how to tire.

After shopping around the entire Tian da square for an entire morning, they bought almost a hundred pieces of clothes for the two of them.

Wang Xian had no choice. He didn't know if the two of them would suddenly turn five or six years old in a few days.

After bringing the two excited little fellows out from Tian da square, Wang Xian and the rest walked towards the villa.

It was located in the center of Jiang City. It was much more bustling than before. There were luxurious cars on the streets and people would fly past from time to time in the sky.

"Chirp, chirp, Chirp!"

At this moment, a rapid and ear-piercing sound suddenly rang out. The range of the sound had reached more than a hundred kilometers.

"Ah! What is that sound?"

"What is that?"

The sudden ear-piercing sound caused many people on the streets to have a drastic change in expression.

Some of them were children and old people. They even covered their ears and revealed a pained expression.

"Eh?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and looked towards the west!

"What's going on? From the sound of it, it's not a simple demonic beast. Why would there be a demonic beast here all of a sudden?"

At this moment, on the street opposite Wang Xian and the rest, a group of seven to eight young men with extraordinary statuses immediately raised their heads and looked towards the west as well.

Their faces were filled with astonishment.

Ancient lands appeared one after another on Earth. Most of the ancient lands had powerful demonic beasts and ferocious beasts!

They had never left the ancient lands before!

However, such powerful demonic beasts could not be born on Earth.

Boom

At this moment, a ferocious bird beast with a human head that was emitting monstrous demonic flames appeared in the sky above Jiang City.

Its wings were about 30 meters long. Its pitch-black wings had no wings and were completely made of bones!

The entire demonic beast gave off a terrifying power.

"Not Good, a demigod-level demonic beast. This is a demigod-level demonic beast!"

Sensing the aura of the demonic beast in the sky, everyone in Jiang City changed their expressions.