Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1858: 1858 family banquet 2

"Why would a demigod-level demon beast appear in the city? If all the demon beasts in the valley come out, this weak planet will be in complete Chaos!"

"The fall of the sea god, the disappearance of the Divine Sea Palace, the death of the divine son, and the news from our brothers in the Lingxiao treasured palace that more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals have been killed, why do I feel that the Earth is becoming more and more chaotic!"

On the street in front of the Tianda Square, seven or eight young men and women stood on the street below. Their expressions changed as they looked at the terrifying demonic beasts circling in the sky.

Too many shocking things had happened in the past few days.

Especially just now, they had received a piece of information in the group chat of the young men in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

More than a hundred heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals had been killed by a mysterious expert.

Among them, everyone was still discussing this matter, and many people had even sent out many pictures. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In the pictures, there was a picture of a group of heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals being killed.

This was a group of heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals, the most powerful army of their Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

Even if it was placed in the boundless star field, it would still be a powerful force.

But now, it was actually killed by the mysterious force and the expert with one sword.

This made them extremely shocked.

Their strength was still far from the demigod realm!

"Chirp, chirp, Chirp!"

At this moment, another hurried voice sounded, and the expressions of seven or eight people changed slightly.

"Not Good, the demonic beast in the sky is going to attack!"

At this moment, the expression of a young man in the middle of them changed, and he hurriedly shouted.

"Not good, not good, that demonic beast in the sky is going to attack!"

"Quickly hide, quickly hide!"

Sounds of panic could be heard from the surroundings.

In the sky, that terrifying demonic beast with a wingspan of 30 meters directly swooped down from the sky.

Its eyes were filled with rage and bloodlust as it stared down, and its bone wings lightly trembled.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Black Bone Spears attacked from the sky.

The bone spears were densely packed. There were more than 100,000 of them, covering an area of 40 to 50 kilometers.

"Run!"

An even more terrified voice came from the surroundings.

In an instant, the entire city center of River City was in chaos.

The sudden appearance of such a terrifying demonic beast caused many people to be filled with fear.

Especially when the bone spears attacked, some people even collapsed on the ground.

"Clang!"

Right at this moment, a metallic sound flashed through everyone's minds. Soon after, they sensed that rays of golden light had appeared around them.

In the middle of the Golden Light, there was an incomparably resplendent metallic sword!

"That is!"

The instant the Golden Light and the metallic sword appeared, the expressions of the seven or eight men and women from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace on the opposite street changed.

They looked over in shock.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

In the sky, all the bone spears were scattered by the Golden Light, and the bright sharp sword directly pierced into the ferocious Demon Beast's head.

The Demon Beast let out a terrified cry, and its body fell toward the ground.

A golden light flashed again, and the Demon Beast's body disappeared!

The one who attacked was naturally ao Jian!

"A dark demonic bird with a demigod level five. have there been incidents of demonic beasts entering the city to attack before?"

Wang Xian looked at the lady beside him and asked curiously.

"No, no. Nothing like this has ever happened before. All the demonic beasts will stay in the ancient land and will never come out!"

Yao Nu shook her head. Her face was also filled with astonishment.

"What's going on? Am I hallucinating? Where's that demonic beast? I felt a golden flash in front of my eyes just now. What Happened?"

"Did an expert kill that demonic beast? Why is that demonic bird missing now?"

Astonished voices came from the surroundings.

"The one who attacked just now was that middle-aged swordsman!"

On the opposite side, the eight young men and women stared at Ao Jian and Wang Xian in astonishment.

"That golden glow and that Golden Sharp Sword!"

The few of them looked at each other and felt that it was somewhat familiar!

Wang Xian sensed the gazes from this side and swept a glance at the eight of them. Then, he looked in the direction where the demonic bird was flying over!

"Eh?"

Vaguely, he sensed some slight movements in the direction where the demonic bird was flying over.

"Hua'er Cai'er, come, Daddy will bring you to the sky!"

Wang Xian was carrying a little fellow in one hand. With a move of his body, he flew into the sky instantly.

Ao Qitian and the rest immediately followed behind.

"Which group of people?"

On the street, eight young men and women revealed puzzled expressions.

A sharp sword easily killed a demonic bird of demigod level five.

Sharp sword...

"Who posted the picture in the group just now? Feiyu, ask them immediately and see if they have more pictures!"

The young man in the middle immediately said to a young man.

"Brother Ming Jun, you mean that sharp sword..."

"Heavenly Wind City is not far from Jiang City, and how many people on Earth can kill a rank five demigod demonic beast with one sword?"

"No way! Brother Ming Jun, should we report this to the commanders?"

"The other party has already left... Furthermore, we can't be sure yet. It's useless to report it!"

The group of eight conversed in a low voice. After hesitating for a moment, they walked towards the landmark building at the center of Jiang City.

At the same time, at a height of 70 to 80,000 meters, Wang Xian was hugging Hua er and Cai Er. His eyes were flashing with a mystical light.

The Dragon Eyes of the five elements of yin and Yang were looking ahead. Over there was the direction of the ocean.

Wang Xian's seaside villa used to be located there.

"Wow Wow, Daddi, Daddi, Daddi, we're flying! We're flying!"

Hua Er's excited voice came from the side.

At this moment, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly.

"I'm afraid that Earth is going to undergo a mutation!"

He said faintly.

"Change? What kind of Change?"

Yao Nu, who was at the side, could not help but ask!

"The land is gathering. In the future, the land may be the land and the ocean will be the ocean!"

Wang Xian mumbled, "Moreover, there might be other things happening!"

This time, Wang Xian really witnessed the change on Earth.

The current Earth was being carried by a group of gods with a powerful ability and flew towards the depths of the endless starry sky.

And now, the bottom of the Earth began to move.

Wang Xian could sense that the earth was extraordinary.

"With the appearance of the Demonic Beasts, I'm afraid that the change this time is not a good thing for some people!"

He continued to speak and frowned slightly.

"The land is gathering. This..."

Yao Nu, who was at the side, widened her eyes slightly. Her eyes were filled with shock.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian's face also revealed a look of deep thought.

With a move of his body, everyone instantly appeared in Mo Qinglong's villa.

At this moment, the group of Drakonids, Mo Jiu, and his family were gathered in the villa.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian's appearance, the group of Drakonids hurriedly greeted him.

Mo Jiu's wife, son, father-in-law, and mother-in-law also greeted him hurriedly.

"Qinglong, let's Find a place tomorrow and call the LAN family over for a gathering!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and gave an order to the demonic azure dragon.

He had initially planned to gather in two days. However, he realized that the earth had undergone a change and demonic beasts had appeared.

It was time to gather with them in advance!