Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1859: 1859 family banquet 3

This time, Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing, and the other girls did not follow him to Earth.

Wang Xian was prepared to bring their families to the supernatural continent.

When earth was undergoing a change, he was prepared to ask them if they wanted to go to the supernatural continent to hide for a while.

"It's the Dragon King. I'll inform them now!"

Mo Qinglong nodded.

"Oh right, how's the situation at a Jiaya's house?"

Wang Xian asked Mo Yuan who was beside him.

"Dragon King, the royal family of a Jiaya's queen is fine. In their region, the royal family of a Jiaya's queen seems to be quite powerful now!"

Mo Yuan replied!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and swept his gaze across Mo Jiu and his family. "There might be some changes on earth after this. All the DRAKONIDS will move their families over to Jiang City and settle down here in the future!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

The group of Drakonids immediately nodded their heads respectfully.

"Mo Jiu, this must be the child. The little guy is quite talented!"

Wang Xian looked at Mo Jiu's son and said with a face full of pride!

"I'm glad to meet you, Dragon King!"

Mo Jiu quickly said to his son.

"I'm glad to meet you, Dragon King!"

He immediately knelt on the ground and kowtowed.

"Get up. I'll give you a small gift. Cultivate well in the future!"

Wang Xian flicked his finger and a sharp sword that was emitting a divine glow appeared in front of him.

"This sword will be with you for a long time. You Don't have to change it until you reach the Godly State!"

He said with a smile.

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Le Yi looked at the sharp sword that was emitting a faint demonic aura in front of him. His eyes were filled with excitement.

"What a powerful sword. Moreover, it's a weapon that can grow!"

Yao Nu stood at the side and looked at it enviously.

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Mo Jiu's parents-in-law thanked him immediately.

"There's no need!"

Wang Xian shook his head. With a wave of his arm, an armor made from the dragon scale of the dragon race from the supernatural continent appeared!

"I'll give this to your wife, Mo Jiu. Attacks below the level of a demigod are completely ineffective!"

As he spoke, he threw it over!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Mo Jiu's wife quickly responded.

Wang Xian smiled and walked upstairs.

"Dragon King, this is a treasure obtained from killing Tianfeng's Heaven's pride expert. It's quite extraordinary!"

When he arrived upstairs, AO Qitian handed over the green wooden box.

"Oh?"

He took it and looked at it. After opening the box, a hint of surprise appeared on his face.

Just this box alone was extraordinary. It was at least a material at the peak of the demigod level.

When he opened the box, there were many sharp swords that were the size of a finger hidden inside.

With a flick of his finger, the sharp swords flew out of the box and immediately became bigger, bringing with them a terrifying gust of wind!

"This treasure is indeed extraordinary!"

Wang Xian sized it up. With a move of his palm, the five elements millstone appeared in his hand.

Ever since Wang Xian's rapid improvement, the five elements millstone could not keep up with his improvement. Now, it seemed to be of little value.

He placed the sword box on the Five Elements Millstone. The five divine dragons on it immediately devoured it. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With a move of Wang Xian's palm, the five divine dragons opened their mouths and spat out sharp swords one after another.

"It's of the wind attribute. Although it's a little inconsistent with the five elements millstone, it can still increase one's strength!"

He said faintly.

...

"Elder song, the Dragon King is going to call all his friends and relatives to hold a family banquet tomorrow. Prepare the banquet hall on the top floor of Your Song Mansion!"

Mo Qinglong walked out of the villa and immediately began to prepare for the family banquet tomorrow.

The song family was the most powerful in Jiang city now, so some things were easier for them to handle!

"Good, good. Don't worry, elder demon. Leave this matter to me!"

"By the way, Elder Demon, the Dragon King said that he wanted to find a place to live. I've looked for several places and found a good place. When do you think you can let the Dragon King take a look?"

Elder song said happily.

"Okay, I'll have to trouble you, Elder song. I'll tell the Dragon King!"

"No trouble, no trouble!"

Elder song quickly said.

"The Dragon King is preparing for a family banquet. It looks like he'll have to prepare well!"

After hanging up the call with Azure Dragon, elder song muttered to himself and immediately walked towards the song corporation building in the center.

He had to make sure that the arrangements for tomorrow's Banquet were properly made!

Meanwhile, in Jiang City, the people from the LAN, Xue, Wei, and Qin families quickly received news from Azure Dragon.

The Dragon King had returned and was preparing to invite them to a banquet!

This caused everyone in the big families in Jiang City to show a look of astonishment.

Among them, only the LAN family learned that the Dragon King was still alive a few days ago. Everyone else thought that Wang Xian had already died!

The Lan family and the Guan family thought that their daughter was killed along with the Dragon King by the sea god. They did not expect that the Dragon King was still alive.

This made the big families in Jiang City look excited!

Their families were extremely glorious when the Dragon King was still alive.

After the Sea God destroyed the Dragon Palace, their families gradually declined.

There were even enemies of the dragon king who secretly attacked them.

This made them retreat to protect themselves, and all of them settled down in Jiang City.

Their families were no longer as glorious as before.

Even in Jiang City, when an ancient land suddenly appeared in Jiang City, it was because of the rise of a young lady from the song family. From then on, the song family in Jiang City was revered.

When they faced the current song family, they treated them with the same respect as the song family in the past.

Although the song family treated them quite well, their status had changed completely!

"I didn't expect brother Wang Xian to still be alive. As long as he's alive, it's Good!"

In House Wei, sister Li, Uncle Zhang, and Aunt Zhang, who had married into house Wei, were delighted when they heard the news.

They had watched Wang Xian and Xiaoyu grow up. They were considered Wang Xian's only relatives, even if they were not related by blood.

"The Dragon King is still alive and has returned. However, the world has changed!"

At sister Li's in-law's house, father-in-law Wei Qingguo and mother-in-law were sitting at the side with slight surprise in their eyes. However, they quickly said this with a frown.

At that time, when Xiao Li had married into house Wei, it had not been very pleasant for them!

However, they were very satisfied with their daughter-in-law later on.

House Wei had flourished for a time because of the Dragon King, but it had also been lonely because of the Dragon King.

As for the Dragon King, Wei Qingguo and the others were the most complicated!

"Although the world has changed and is no longer the Dragon King's world, we are still Xiao Li's family after all. Let's go over tomorrow. A skinny camel is still bigger than a horse. No matter how weak the Dragon King is, he is still weaker than someone like the Lingxiao treasured palace. Ordinary people still can't be compared to him. This family banquet held in the song corporation's Banquet Hall can be seen from this!"

Sister Li's husband, Wei Zhiwen, said from the side.

"Yes!"

Wei Qingguo and the others nodded their heads!

This was considered a family banquet, so they naturally had to go!

In the other families, everyone was also very surprised by the return of the Dragon King.

Just like the saying that a lean camel is bigger than a horse, the decline of the Dragon King was not comparable to the Lingxiao Palace, but the ordinary forces should still be incomparable to it!