Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1860: 1860 family banquet 4

The change of the Sun and the Moon, the change of families!

Wang Xian's invitation to the family of House Lan and house Wei did not cause much of a stir in Jiang city.

"More than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals were slaughtered by a mysterious force in Tianfeng City. Which Force dared to openly provoke the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace?"

"Some cities along the coast were attacked by some demonic beasts. More than a million people were killed or injured. The heavenly soldiers and generals moved out to kill the Demonic Beasts!"

"There's a message from the western continent. They discovered in horror that the entire western continent is approaching the eastern continent!"

"Is it the movement of the Earth's crust or the Earth's change again? The continents on the continent are beginning to change!"

At night, Wang Xian managed to coax Hua Er and Cai er with great difficulty. He sat in front of the computer and checked the messages one by one.

Just as Wang Xian had expected, the earth had undergone a change.

Furthermore, Wang Xian had a premonition that the earth might not be as peaceful as it was now.

This might not be a good thing for most people.

However, for a small number of people, this might be a huge opportunity.

"I wonder what kind of existence the earth was in the past. After the recovery of the spiritual energy, such a huge change could happen!"

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes sparkled. After checking some information, he went into his room to rest for a while.

The next morning, Wang Xian was woken up by the two little fellows.

The flowers did not grow quickly today. Instead, they pestered Wang Xian to play with them!

"Dragon King, I have informed the LAN family and the other families yesterday that the banquet will be held in the Banquet Hall of the song group Building!"

"The Banquet Hall of the song group is the best guest house in the entire Jiang City. Everyone should be here on time this afternoon!"

"Just now, elder song called me and told me that the villa has been found. Dragon King, are you going to take a look personally? Do you still need to take a look?"

Not long after, Mo Qinglong walked in and reported to Wang Xian.

"Yes, you can go and take a look at the villa. Almost everything is fine!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to Mo Qinglong.

"It's the Dragon King. I'll go and take a look now!"

Mo Qinglong nodded and walked out immediately.

"Daddi, where are we going to play? Where are we going to play!"

At this moment, Hua Er's voice came from the side.

"Don't be so playful. I'll bring you guys to have some good food at noon!"

Wang Xian patted her head and said with a smile.

Time passed slowly. At the song group, the Lan family and Guan family arrived early and headed towards the banquet hall of the song group.

Elder song had already arranged for people to receive them in the banquet hall.

People from various families arrived one after another. There were elders and children, and they were relatively familiar with each other.

Elder Qin, elder Xue, and the rest of the elders gathered together and chatted. When they talked about the Dragon King who was about to arrive, they couldn't help but sigh. Their faces were filled with anticipation.

They hadn't seen each other for more than ten years.

Time didn't leave too many traces on their faces. The recovery of spiritual essence and the cultivation method had greatly extended their lives.

Compared to the group of elders, there were many more teenagers. There were more teenagers under the age of ten.

Sister Li's child, Xue Jing's child, and the new recruits of the Lan family and the Qin family!

The group of people gathered together and it was extremely lively.

"Let's go, let's go, let's eat delicious food!"

As time slowly approached noon, the voices of the two little fellows could be heard in Mo Qinglong's villa.

Wang Xian led the two little fellows towards the center of the city. Behind him, a group of DRAKONIDS followed.

"Master and the others in Ling Xiao's palace suddenly sent an urgent message. We're going back!"

At this moment, in the song Shi Group's building, a group of ten people were sitting in a luxurious office.

A middle-aged youth took out his phone. When he saw the message his master sent him, he frowned slightly!

"I received it too!"

"We received it too. We just came out to play, but they're in such a hurry to send us back. Is It related to what happened recently?"

The young men beside them also took out their phones and asked in surprise.

"AH? Brother Feiyu, you have left so quickly!"

In the office, song Hanyu's expression changed slightly when she heard that they were leaving. She immediately stood up and asked in surprise!

"En, I didn't expect it to be so sudden. I'm afraid I Can't stay here any longer this time!"

Han Feiyu also frowned slightly and said helplessly!

"Are you leaving already?"

Song Hanyu was slightly disappointed!

"Miss Song, thank you for your hospitality this time. Next time, we will definitely stay here for a few more days!"

A young man next to them said with a smile.

"How about brothers, it's already noon now. Let's have a meal before leaving. You shouldn't be in a hurry, Right?"

Song shanzhi quickly came over and said with a smile.

"That's right, Brother Feiyu. Brothers and sisters, you haven't played well. You have to eat well. I'll get someone to prepare the richest delicacies in this generation of Jiang City!"

"You know the delicacies on Earth!"

Song Hanyu invited with a smile.

"En, Brother Mingjun?"

The young man called Han Feiyu looked at the young man in the middle.

"Miss song is so kind. Let's have lunch before we leave!"

The young man nodded with a smile.

"Okay, our song group's Banquet Hall is on the top floor. Brother Feiyu, let's go there first. From the top floor, we can overlook the entire Jiang City!"

Song Hanyu said with a smile on his face. He stood up and led the way.

"Okay!"

The group followed behind and took the elevator to the top floor.

"Big Brothers, Our Song Group's Banquet Hall is the most luxurious banquet hall in the entire Jiang City. We have gathered the most delicious ingredients and chefs of the Jiang City generation. We will definitely satisfy you!" Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Song shanzhi said to them in a flattering manner!

"Little brother Zhi's talent is not bad. Last time, I wanted master to take him as a disciple. At that time, master was not satisfied with my cultivation, so he did not agree!"

"But recently, I have made a breakthrough. Not long ago, I mentioned it to master. The problem should not be too big!"

"If you agree, Hanyu, then master will be even happier!"

Han Feiyu looked at song Shanzhi and smiled, then said to Song Hanyu in a low voice.

"Really?"

Song Hanyu's face was slightly happy, but then she frowned slightly. "But if I want to join the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, I still need grandfather and the others to agree. I can let Xiao Zhi join for the time being!"

"Yes, that's fine!"

Han Feiyu nodded slightly at her.

Song Hanyu saw him staring at her, and her face turned slightly red. She could not help but quicken her pace.

"I'll go get the chef to make some preparations first!"

As she spoke, she walked over quickly, and song Shanzhi followed behind her with excitement.

"That's fine, Feiyu. This girl has to have talent and face!"

A few youths at the side Winked at Han Feiyu.

This made him raise his head proudly!

"Oh?"

In the banquet hall on the top floor of the song corporation, when Song Hanyu walked in, she was slightly stunned!