Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1861: 1861 family banquet 5

"What's going on? Why are there so many people in our banquet hall? !"

A surprised voice came from song shanzhi, who was following behind him. He looked at the entire banquet hall.

There were hundreds of people gathered inside and they were sitting and talking.

There were children running around and shouting!

This caused the entire banquet hall to become noisy!

When song Hanyu saw the situation inside, her expression changed drastically. She walked in with a cold expression.

"Oh? That's... Miss Song!"

In the hall, when some people saw someone enter, they looked over and revealed stunned expressions.

"Hello, Miss Song!"

They recognized song Hanyu. The people in front immediately stood up and greeted her with a smile.

The current song Hanyu was only a hair's breadth away from the favored son of heaven. She was the son of fate of Jiang City.

Her strength was the strongest in the entire Jiang City, and the song family rose rapidly because of her existence.

The Lan family, Guan family, and the other families could not be compared to the song group at all.

After all, the LAN family, Guan family, Qin family, and Xue family did not even have a single insightful void martial artist in their families.

"Eh? What is Miss Song doing here? Could it be that the Dragon King has invited her as well?"

In the front, old Qin, Old Xue, and the others noticed the situation behind them and stood up in slight surprise.

They directly walked over to welcome them. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"What are you all doing here? Who told you to come here?"

Song Hanyu swept her cold gaze across everyone in the hall.

Brother Feiyu and the others were about to leave and she had invited them to a banquet, but she ended up seeing such a noisy scene in her own banquet hall.

This made her expression extremely awkward.

Could it be that she wanted brother Feiyu and the others from the Lingxiao treasured palace to eat together with this group of people in this environment?

This was absolutely impossible!

It was simply an insult to brother Feiyu and the others.

Song Hanyu's cold words caused the entire hall to instantly fall silent.

Old Qin, Old Xue, and a few other old men who were walking over froze, their faces showing a trace of embarrassment.

"Miss Song, the Dragon King has returned. We are gathered here today. When we came here just now, it was the people from the song group who welcomed us!"

Old Xue bowed and said to Song Hanyu.

"Dragon King?"

However, as soon as Old Xue finished speaking, song Shanzhi's face instantly darkened and he roared in a low voice!

"Dragon King? where is he? I, Song Hanyu, would like to see him!"

When song Hanyu heard this name, she looked a little embarrassed.

Her younger brother had been knocked unconscious for a day because of the Dragon King.

She did not understand why her grandfather was so stubborn.

Now, with the strength of the song group, they could completely monopolize 80% of the business in Jiang City.

In the end, his grandfather gave up 30% of the business because of the Dragon King's relatives in Jiang City.

Now, the Dragon King's banquet was arranged in the song group.

If he hadn't invited the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace today, she might not have said anything about his grandfather, but now...

"Huh?"

Song Hanyu's words stunned everyone in the hall. They were a little stunned, and their faces were a little ugly!

"All of you, Get Out!"

At this moment, song Hanyu's cold voice sounded.

These words entered everyone's ears, making the faces of Old Xue, Old Qin, and the others extremely ugly!

"What? This is our song group. Why aren't you getting out?"

"Motherf * cker, what Dragon King? Bullsh * t Dragon King, Hmph!"

Song shanzhi shouted with an extremely cold expression.

When he thought about how he had been injured by the Dragon King and his unstable state had fallen, he became extremely angry.

"Yes!"

Old Qin and Old Xue's faces darkened. They bowed and walked out with some humiliation.

"Hualala!"

In the entire hall, the two to three hundred people who had arrived all stood up silently and walked out!

"What's Wrong?"

Han Feiyu and the other three followed closely behind. They glanced at the group of people who were walking out and asked Song Hanyu and the others.

"It's my grandfather. A long-lost and Lonely Dragon King has returned to hold a banquet here. I don't know what my grandfather is thinking!"

Song Hanyu smiled when she saw Han Feiyu and the others enter. The coldness on her face disappeared.

"A dragon king who disappeared for more than ten years has returned. If it wasn't for my grandfather giving him face, who would he be? He even attacked me!"

A trace of anger flashed in song Shanzhi's eyes and he said unhappily.

"Oh? A dragon king who disappeared for more than ten years?"

Han Feiyu and the others raised their eyebrows and didn't care at all.

"Brother Feiyu, you guys sit here. This side is cleaner. I'll ask the chef to prepare the most famous food in Jiang City!"

Song Hanyu said with a smile.

"Phew!"

Their conversation clearly entered the ears of old Xue, Old Qin, and the others.

When they saw song Hanyu's attitude, their faces were full of embarrassment and bitterness.

"During these ten years, countless families rose and fell. Even the richest family could become an ordinary person in more than ten years. Although the Dragon King once suppressed the entire earth, after all... Sigh!"

A middle-aged man from the LAN family sighed. His face was filled with helplessness.

The surrounding people also took a deep breath.

Thinking about them, because of the Dragon King, all the big families and sects obeyed them. Now, a woman was able to chase them out.

The former dragon king had "Fallen"in these ten years!

They had also "Fallen"!

Two to three hundred people walked out with bitter faces!

"Elder Mo, Elder Song!"

When they walked out of the song corporation's Gate with weak faces, they happened to see Mo Qinglong and elder song walking over.

The two of them had just finished looking at the villa and rushed over!

"Oh?"?

Mo Qinglong and elder song also saw elder Xue and the others.

When they saw a few hundred people walking out of the villa, their faces were full of astonishment.

"Elder Xue, Elder Qin, how did you come out?"

Elder song was slightly stunned and quickly walked over to ask with some enthusiasm.

Now that the Dragon King had returned, his former family would also return!

"Elder song, your granddaughter..."

When elder Xue and the others heard the Dragon King's words, their expressions changed, and they said hesitantly...

"My granddaughter!"

Elder song was slightly stunned, and then he found that elder Xue and the others looked very embarrassed.

As someone who had worked hard in Jiang city for almost his entire life, he quickly guessed the situation.

"Elder Xue, Elder Qin, what's going on? Just tell us!"

Mo Qinglong walked over with a slight frown, his eyes shining!

"Hu!"

"Elder Mo, leave this matter to me. It's my fault for not disciplining him properly. It's my fault for not doing a good job today!"

Elder song, who was at the side, took a deep breath and said with an embarrassed expression.

"Everyone, I'm very sorry for making you suffer!"

"I'll bring everyone up!"

As he spoke, he bowed to Elder Qin, elder Xue, and the others and said with a solemn expression.