Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1862: 1862 family banquet 6

"Oh? This..."

Elder song's attitude caused elder Xue, Elder Qin, and the others to be slightly stunned.

Although song Qingshi's strength was inferior to his granddaughter's, he was at least a profound void martial expert. Moreover, as the head of the song family, he was still very dignified.

Even his granddaughter had to be respectful in front of him!

Now, his attitude caused elder Xue and the others to be extremely surprised!

"Let's go, everyone. I want to see who has the guts to chase you out!"

Elder song said to Elder Xue and the others with a livid face.

"This..."

Elder Xue and the others hesitated slightly!

"You guys go up first. The Dragon King will be here soon. I'll pick them up from here!"

Mo Qinglong said to Elder Xue and the others.

"Don't worry, Old Mo. I'll take care of this!"

Old Song promised to Mo Qinglong.

"Okay, old song, thank you!"

Mo Qinglong nodded at him. He knew old song very well.

"Dad, why did you call us here?"

At this moment, more than twenty people walked over.

One of the middle-aged men shouted at Old Song.

Beside the middle-aged man was a woman. The woman was pushing a wheelchair and a girl was sitting on it.

The girl looked very similar to song Hanyu, but her legs seemed to have been lost. Her eyes were a little dim.

"What is it? Go and take a look at that unfilial daughter of yours!"

Elder song shouted at the middle-aged man in a stern voice. His face was filled with anger as he directly walked into the company building.

When the middle-aged man saw the furious scene of his father, he was also slightly startled. A fearful expression appeared on his face.

His father had never been so angry since the rise of the song family.

UNFILIAL daughter?

When he heard these three words, his heart was slightly startled.

He only had two daughters. One had lost both her legs in the ancient land, and the other was the strongest person in Jiang City.

"What happened to Hanyu?"

The middle-aged man chased after her with a face full of surprise.

"Father, he..."

The people of the song corporation were also slightly shocked, and they hurriedly followed behind.

Old Qin and old Xue looked at each other with slight astonishment and followed behind.

The group of several hundred people once again walked toward the top floor of the song corporation building.

When they reached the top floor, they saw old song walk toward the banquet hall with a face full of anger.

The group of people hurriedly followed behind!

When they entered the banquet hall, everyone saw a group of young men and women chatting and laughing beside the window of the banquet hall.

Song Hanyu sat beside a young man with a bright smile on her face

When Elder song saw this scene, he walked over with a dark face.

The group of several hundred people came in again and immediately attracted the attention of Song Hanyu and the others in the banquet hall.

"Grandfather!"

"You..."

Song Hanyu and song Shanzhi were slightly stunned when they saw elder song and the others come in. Their expressions were a little ugly.

"Grandfather, these are..."

Song Hanyu saw her grandfather walking over with a gloomy expression. She frowned and stood up, ready to introduce the group of disciples from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

The group of disciples from the Lingxiao treasured palace frowned slightly when they saw their group walk in. An unhappy expression appeared in their eyes.

"Pa!"

However, elder song, who had just walked over, did not let song Hanyu finish her sentence. He directly slapped her.

A resounding voice immediately resounded throughout the entire banquet hall.

When they saw this scene, elder Xue, Elder Qin, and everyone from the song family behind them were all stunned.

At this moment, even song Hanyu was a little stunned. Her grandfather had actually slapped her!

Her grandfather, who had always doted on her, had given her a merciless slap in front of so many people!

"Grandfather, why... Why did you hit my sister? This is our song family, they..."

"Bang!"

"Shut up!"

Song shanzhi, who was at the side, hurriedly explained to her grandfather with a face full of shock.

However, before he could finish speaking, his entire body was sent flying.

That's right, he was sent flying and spat out a mouthful of blood!

This caused everyone in the song family behind him to be shocked.

"Grandfather, you..."

Song Shanzhi's face revealed a terrified expression. He looked at his grandfather with some fear as he looked in the direction of his parents.

"Grandfather, what did I do wrong?"

Song Hanyu's eyes were filled with tears as she said unwillingly.

"Slap!"

"Don't you know what you did wrong?"

As soon as song Hanyu finished her words, the angry elder song slapped her again.

At this moment, everyone could feel his anger!

"Dad!"

The middle-aged man behind couldn't help but shout.

"Today, the Dragon King invited relatives and friends to a banquet here. Are you going to kick them out?"

Elder song stared at song Hanyu with a cold gaze!

The Dragon King had returned now. With the Dragon King's current terror, his granddaughter, the most powerful person in Jiang City, could be destroyed in a snap of the fingers in front of the Dragon King.

Now, he had to teach his grandson a harsh lesson so that the Dragon King would not blame him.

Moreover, he was also thinking about the future of the song family!

"Dragon King, isn't that the Dragon King? wasn't he the Dragon King more than ten years ago? Is she still the Dragon King Now? What is he now?"

Another slap landed on her face. Tears welled up in song Hanyu's eyes as she shouted at her grandfather with some stubbornness and anger.

"You unfilial daughter, you still don't know if you are in the wrong!"

Elder song raised his hand and slapped song Hanyu again.

Song Hanyu stubbornly stared at her grandfather, his face unmoved.

"Slap!"

The sound came again, but this time, the slap didn't land on song Hanyu's face, but was blocked by a palm!

"This old man, isn't he a bit too much? Even if it's his own granddaughter, he can't hit her like this!"

A voice sounded. Han Feiyu, who was sitting at the side, stood up and grabbed elder song's arm as he said indifferently!

"Huh?"

Elder song was slightly stunned and stared coldly at Han Feiyu.

"Let me introduce myself. I Am Han Feiyu, a disciple of the Lingxiao treasured palace. These are my senior brothers and sisters!"

"Miss Song invited us to dine here. Why? are our faces inferior to that of the Dragon King?"

The corners of Han Feiyu's mouth curled up slightly as he said indifferently to Elder song.

"Everyone, we're here to eat. You people are a bit of a Downer!"

Just as Han Feiyu finished speaking, a youth beside him placed his chopsticks on the table with a crisp sound!

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

"They're disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. This... No wonder miss song is so warm to them!"

"Disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Everyone around was shocked when they heard Han Feiyu's words.

Any of the disciples of the Lingxiao treasured palace had the strength of the profound void realm.

Just like the Godly Palace in the sky, they were high and mighty.

Compared to them, they were two completely different existences!

Old Qin Xue and everyone around him had solemn expressions!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m