Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1863: 1863 family banquet 7

"Lingxiao Palace?"

Elder song was also slightly stunned when he heard Han Feiyu's words.

The words 'Lingxiao Palace'could intimidate everyone on Earth.

Anyone who saw the Lingxiao Palace would have to be respectful.

The strength of those who followed the gods to descend was definitely not something that people on Earth could compare to.

"Grandfather, Brother Feiyu and I will eat first. Don't disturb us. We'll talk after we finish eating!"

Song Hanyu took a deep breath and said to Elder song with an embarrassed expression.

"Oh? Don't disturb you? Lingxiao Palace? Lingxiao Palace!"

Elder song said angrily when he heard song Hanyu's words. His expression turned cold again.

"So what if they are disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasure Hall? Get out immediately!"

He looked at Han Feiyu and the others with some anger as he roared in a low voice.

His angry roar shocked everyone.

Even song Hanyu's expression completely stiffened as a trace of panic appeared in her eyes.

Even when her grandfather had hit her just now, she had not been this flustered.

"What?"

The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were also slightly stunned. Their expressions changed as they slowly became embarrassed.

"You are saying that you want us to get out?"

The youth in the middle narrowed his eyes slightly and stared coldly at Elder song.

"Grandfather!"

"No, my grandfather is him!"

"Haha, so what if you are disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace? Do you want me to say it again? Get Out!"

Song Hanyu panicked and hurriedly explained to them. However, elder song coldly shouted and interrupted her!

This caused song Hanyu's expression to change drastically.

"Peng!"

"Old Thing, say it again. Do you believe me? We will kill you immediately!"

A young man from the Ling Xiao Treasure Hall stood up. A terrifying aura was emitted from his body and rushed towards elder song.

"Humph!"

Elder song snorted, and a peak of the profound void martial stage aura rushed towards the young man.

The overwhelming power caused the young man's forehead to be filled with cold sweat, and his face turned pale.

He stared at Elder song in fear!

"What!"

The expressions of the young men from the Lingxiao treasured palace changed drastically.

The expressions of the surrounding people also changed drastically when they felt elder song's aura.

Especially song Hanyu and the rest of the song family, they stared at Elder song with their mouths Agape.

"Grandfather's strength, how is this possible!"

Song shanzhi, who was lying on the ground, widened his eyes in disbelief.

"You..."

"With the strength of the peak of the dimension sundering peak, do you think that the strength of the peak of the dimension sundering peak can suppress us? Do you believe that we can annihilate your song family in an instant!"

The rest of the young men from the Lingxiao treasured palace stood up slowly. They glared at Elder song coldly and threatened him angrily!

They were not afraid even when facing a peak of the insightful void martial stage.

That was because they were disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

If someone dared to kill them, the experts from the Lingxiao treasured palace would kill them all!

The atmosphere instantly became heavy.

Everyone was shocked by Elder Song's strength, and they were also afraid of the background of the youths of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

However, faced with the threat of the youths of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, Elder song did not show the slightest fear on his face. He continued to stare at them coldly.

"What's going on?"

At this moment, a voice came from behind.

Hearing this voice, everyone was slightly shocked.

It was too familiar. Even though more than ten years had passed, they were still very familiar with it.

"Dragon King!"

Everyone immediately turned their heads. When they saw the young man wearing the black clothes of the seven-colored divine dragon, they were shocked.

They stared at him closely.

Compared to more than ten years ago, he looked younger and more handsome.

No one would think that he was a young man in his thirties.

A unique aura emanated from him, and he was filled with confidence.

A sense of nobility that seemed to come from the soul was reflected in him. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The entire banquet hall seemed to be focused on him.

The group of young men in the Soaring Heavens Palace had extraordinary auras, but compared to them, they were like crows and Phoenixes!

"Dragon King!"

"Dragon King!"

The group of people immediately made a path and shouted at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked at the familiar figures around him and nodded slowly at them.

He walked into the palace while Yao Nu, who was holding the hands of the two little fellows, looked around curiously.

Ao Jian, Ao Qitian, Mo Qinglong, and the group of Drakonids followed behind him.

"Dragon King?"

Seeing that everyone was looking at the back, song Hanyu looked at Wang Xian. She was also slightly taken aback when she sensed his otherworldly aura.

When the group of young men from the Soaring Heavens Palace saw Wang Xian's face, they were slightly taken aback.

They quickly looked to the side.

That familiar middle-aged swordsman and the demonic beast that looked like an ape. Everything was exactly the same as the group of people they saw yesterday.

This caused all of their expressions to change slightly.

"Behind them, it's them, it's them!"

Suddenly, Han Feiyu looked at the group of people behind Wang Xian in horror. His pupils contracted slightly.

Yesterday, they saw with their own eyes that the sharp sword had killed a demonic beast at the level of a demigod.

They had suspected that the middle-aged swordsman might be the mysterious powerhouse who had killed more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals in Tianfeng City.

Therefore, he had specially asked the other disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

He received photos one after another.

Some of the photos were of a group of more than 40 experts at the peak of the insightful void realm and demigods.

They were all wearing the same clothes!

This made him absolutely sure that the group of people in front of him was the mysterious powerful force that had killed more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals!

At this moment, his body trembled and a look of fear appeared on his face.

The other party was a ruthless person who dared to kill over a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals!

They had offended the other party, didn't that mean...

At the thought of this, he became even more terrified.

"It's... how is this possible..."

The seven disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace by the side also realized it. They looked at each other and saw the panic in the other party's eyes.

"Dragon King, it's me, Song Qingshi, who didn't do a good job!"

When elder song saw Wang Xian walking over, he hurriedly knelt on the ground and apologized.

"It's Alright, Get Up!"

Wang Xian waved his arm gently, causing elder song to stand up immediately.

Around him, the Xue, Qin, and song families were slightly shocked when they saw elder song kneeling down immediately!

"Which family are you guys going to destroy?"

Wang Xian looked at the eight young men from the Lingxiao treasured palace and asked them calmly!

Gulp

The eight people in the Lingxiao treasured palace gulped when they saw the calm look in the young man's eyes. Their eyes were filled with panic.

Behind Wang Xian, Ao Jian, AO qitian, and all the drakonids were also looking at them slowly!

"Sir, it's our fault. It's Our Fault!"

Plop

Under the shocked gazes of Song Hanyu, Song Shanzhi, and the rest, the eight young men and women from the Lingxiao Palace knelt down immediately!