Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1864: Everyone in 1864 was shocked

"My lord, we are in the wrong. Please forgive us!"

The eight young men and women from the Lingxiao treasured palace knelt on the ground, their faces filled with panic.

They had never thought that the Dragon King that song Hanyu and her brother were talking about was actually this group of people in front of them.

If they knew, why would they be sitting here?

This group of people were ruthless people who dared to kill more than a hundred heavenly soldiers and generals. Wouldn't they be even more unblinking if they killed them!

Their so-called background might be nothing in the eyes of this group of people!

The eight people knelt on the ground with terrified faces and begged for mercy!

Now, he only hoped that the other party would spare their lives!

"This... Brother Feiyu!"

Song Hanyu was completely stunned. Brother Feiyu of the Lingxiao treasured palace had actually knelt down to this outdated Dragon King!

They were disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and had an invincible background!

"They... they actually knelt down directly to the Dragon King!"

"What... What's going on? Could it be that the former Dragon King has returned?"

Old Qin Xue and all the members of the surrounding families watched this scene in shock.

The eight disciples of the Lingxiao treasured palace knelt down directly, which made them a little dazed.

It was as if they had returned to the Invincible Dragon King from more than ten years ago.

Anyone, any force, and any powerhouse had to bow and kneel in front of the Dragon King.

Could it be that the once invincible Dragon King had returned again?

"Could it be... could it be that the Dragon King is a high-ranking official of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace? Otherwise, why would he..."

Song Hanyu mumbled to herself as she made a guess.

Only the higher-ups of the Lingxiao treasured palace would make them kneel down in fear.

If not, with the strength of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, who else would be able to make them kneel down?

"Scram!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the eight people of the Lingxiao treasured palace and said indifferently.

"Yes, yes!"

The eight people felt relieved and heaved a heavy sigh of relief!

"Sir, we will scram now. We will SCRAM NOW!"

Han Feiyu and the rest stood up slowly. They looked at the window at the side and retreated respectfully.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The few of them moved and flew directly from the window.

It was as if they had narrowly escaped death.

Wang Xian glanced at their figures indifferently and didn't pay any attention to them.

They were merely the juniors of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. He didn't take them seriously since they were only at the third or fourth level of the Seethrough realm.

Seeing that they were kneeling on the ground in fear and trepidation, Wang Xian didn't bother with them.

"This..."

However, everyone was stunned when they saw the eight disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace escaping in fear.

This was especially so for song Hanyu and song Shanzhi. This was simply a reversal of their understanding.

The Once Lonely Dragon King, with just a single sentence, made the people from the Lingxiao treasured palace kneel on the ground.

Was the Dragon King Really Lonely?

This sentence also appeared in everyone's mind!

"Old Qin, Old Xue, father-in-law, Uncle Zhang, sister Li!"

Wang Xian turned around and greeted all his acquaintances with a smile!

"Little friend Wang Xian!"

"Xiao Xian!"

At this moment, everyone in the banquet hall came to their senses!

Old Xue, Old Qin, Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue's father, and uncle Zhang walked over hurriedly!

"Xiao Xian, you guys have been missing for more than ten years. We thought you guys... is Qingyue Alright?"

Lan Qingyue's father walked over and asked with slightly red eyes.

"Don't worry, father-in-law. Everything is fine. Initially, Qingyue and the rest were prepared to come back with me. However, due to some matters, they couldn't come over!"

"If father-in-law wants to see them, I will bring you over in a few days. We have been unfilial all these years!"

Wang Xian said to Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing's parents.

"It's good that everything is fine. It's good that everything is fine!"

They nodded with smiles on their faces.

Even though Guan Shuqing's father had some disputes with Wang Xian, he was slightly relieved at this moment.

"Wang Xian, you've been gone for more than ten years. More than ten years!"

Old Qin Xue looked at him and sighed with emotion!

"I won't be leaving for the time being!"

Wang Xian smiled at them!

"Come, call me uncle!"

"Uncle!"

At this moment, sister Li walked over with a child and called out to Wang Xian.

"Good girl, sister Li. This kid is ten years old, right? What's his name?"

Wang Xian looked at sister Li's child and felt emotional. He reached out and touched the little guy's head!

"Uncle, my name is Wei Chengxian!"

The little guy looked up at Wang Xian and said obediently.

"Haha, Wei Chengxian. Good name, good name!"

When Wang Xian heard his name, he touched his head and laughed out loud. With a move of his hand, a fire spirit pearl that was emitting bright energy appeared in his hand.

The Bright Fire Spirit Pearl contained a vast amount of energy!

Wang Xian moved slightly and injected it into the little guy's body!

"This is a gift from uncle to you. Cultivate well in the future and protect your mother!"

The fire spirit pearl integrated into Wei Chengxian's body. Instantly, his body emitted a strong spirituality.

The fire spirit pearl emitted an eye-catching light in his body and slowly dissipated

His strength, which was originally only at the body refinement level, was forcefully raised to the level of transcendence.

The impurities in his body were instantly removed!

On Earth, there were two levels before transcendence. One was body refinement, the other was transcendence, and the latter was transcendence!

A ten-year-old kid had the strength of transcendence. This was equivalent to Wang Xian's strength when he dominated Earth back then!

"Thank you, Little Xian!"

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Sister Li, Uncle Zhang, Aunt Zhang, and everyone from House Wei saw the changes in Wei Chengxian's body. A hint of shock flashed across their eyes!

That terrifying fire spirit Pearl was able to directly allow a ten-year-old kid to reach the extraordinary realm. It was simply shocking.

When everyone around saw the Dragon King's ability, their hearts were filled with awe!

Song Hanyu, Song Shanzhi, and the others also widened their eyes. Soon after, everyone in the song family thought of the drastic increase in elder song's cultivation!

The current head of the song family was only at level three of the profound void martial stage in the past. Now, he had directly reached the peak of the profound void martial stage.

In addition to the attitude of their head toward the Dragon King, they could guess that the reason for the rise in their head's strength was probably because of the Dragon King!

"Daddi, I want it too, I want it too!"

At this moment, Hua'er's voice sounded.

Everyone was stunned for a moment. They quickly looked at Hua'er and Cai'er who were almost identical.

"That's the fire spirit pearl. Why Do You Wood Elemental Kids Want It?"

When Wang Xian saw Hua'er running over, he pinched her cheek.

"No, I want it, I want it!"

The flower hugged his thigh and shouted non-stop.

"Okay, okay!"

Wang Xian took out a fire spirit Pearl and handed it to her helplessly.

"Xiao Xian, is this... is this your child?"

Everyone around was slightly stunned. Uncle Zhang looked at them and asked.

"They are not my children. I picked up these two little guys in the ancient land of Jade Lake!"

Wang Xian shook his head when he saw the curious gazes of everyone around him.

"You're the one who picked them up. We didn't pick them up. Dad, you're the one who picked them up. Wah, Wah, Wah!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, the flower slapped his leg and started to cry!

"I didn't pick them up, I didn't pick them up. I was just joking with you. Be Good, Little Princess!" Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Yao Nu, who was holding the flower in her hand, immediately walked over and picked it up to coax it!

In the past two days, Yao Nu could be considered to have integrated into the role of a wet nurse.

Although she didn't have any milk, she could still coax the two little fellows very well.

"Yao Nu Heaven's favored!"

When Yao nu walked over to coax the flower, the faces of the youths standing at the side changed greatly when they saw her face.