Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1865: Under the shock of 1865 people

Yao female prodigy, ranked 16th on the prodigy roll.

Out of the 20 prodigies, there were only five female prodigies in total. Among them, three female prodigies had peerless beauty.

Among these three female prodigies, Yao female prodigies were included!

The popularity of Yao female prodigies was like that of the former Heavenly Emperor Superstars.

Not only were they powerful, but they also had unrivaled popularity.

Almost all the two to three billion people in the east knew about the Yao female prodigies!

It was no exaggeration to say that this was the goddess in the eyes of billions of young people!

A goddess who stood high and mighty.

Among the group of prodigies, the Yao female prodigies were also one of the more arrogant ones. In front of all the men, they were as arrogant as swans.

However, this Yao Girl Heaven's favorite actually appeared in front of them and even coaxed the daughter of the Dragon King.

What was the relationship between the Dragon King and the Yao Girl?

"Hua'er, don't Cry, Don't Cry!"

Wang Xian looked at the flowers that were still crying and quickly took out a few fire spirit pearls to spin in front of her.

"Here, here, take it and play with it!"

He kept coaxing her.

"I want them too!"

Cai'er walked over at this moment. She pouted her little mouth and looked at Wang Xian. She seemed to be dissatisfied with his words just now.

"Alright, Alright!"

Wang Xian took out more than ten fire spirit pearls directly!

Wang Xian had obtained quite a number of fire spirit pearls from the Dragons. Among them, there were also dozens of fire spirit pearls at the demigod level.

"Come, come. Don't Disturb Daddy. Let's Go Play!"

Yao Nu held the hands of the two little guys and shouted gently.

"HMPH, Daddy is such a bad guy!"

Hua Er glared at Wang Xian. Holding the Fire Spirit Pearl, she pouted and followed Yao nu to the side like a child playing with eggs!

"Dragon King, I'll bring them to play by the side!"

Yao Nu said to Wang Xian and walked to the side!

"This... this... Yao Girl's Heaven's favorite!"

All the young men around were in a Daze!

"Brother Wang Xian, that Yao Girl's Heaven's favorite..."

Xue Jing widened his eyes slightly and looked at Wang Xian with envy.

However, Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing's parents were slightly embarrassed and displeased!

"Don't think so much, you rascal!"

Wang Xian was also slightly embarrassed when he saw the odd expressions on Xue Jing and the young men around him.

After all, there were two old men beside him.

"Hua'er and Cai'er were picked up by me in the ancient land of Jade Lake. They have an extraordinary status. As for that Yao Girl, I picked up two little fellows and spared her life so that she could take care of them!"

Wang Xian had no choice but to shake his head and explain!

"Spare her life?"

Everyone around him was slightly stunned.

Ancient Land of Jade Lake?

The pupils of some lively young middle-aged men suddenly constricted when they thought of this name.

According to the information on the Internet, the fifth divine son of the Lingxiao treasured palace had died in the ancient land of Jade Lake.

Could it be?

"Everyone, come, come. Everyone, sit down first. The Dragon King arrived the evening before yesterday. Everyone, sit down and reminisce!"

At this moment, elder song said with a smile when he saw the group of people standing around him in a restrained manner!

"Good, good!"

The group of people smiled and nodded. Then, they sat down at the seats around them. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, everyone had a vague understanding of the Dragon King!

"My young friend Wang Xian, we haven't seen each other for more than ten years. We thought something had happened to you!"

Elder Xue, Elder Qin, and the rest of the elders looked at Wang Xian and said slowly.

"I've made all of you worried. In the past ten years, I've also been tied down by some matters. That's why I wasn't able to come over!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at them. "It's been more than ten years since we last met. It's really nice to meet all of You Again!"

"Haha, to be able to get to know the Dragon King is the greatest honor of Our Lives!"

Everyone laughed heartily with sincere smiles on their faces.

Even though they had fallen into a low point, their past glory was already worth it!

"You... You joined the Lingxiao treasured palace, or... or the other three factions!"

At this moment, a voice filled with shock and doubt was heard!

"Shut up!"

The moment the voice was heard, elder song glared at his granddaughter with anger and shouted sternly!

Wang Xian waved his hand and looked at song Hanyu indifferently.

Elder Qin, elder Xue, and the rest were also very curious about her question. After all, he had disappeared for more than ten years.

"I didn't join the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, nor did I join any other factions. It's a long story!"

Wang Xian didn't explain too much. After all, he couldn't tell them everything about the supernatural continent.

Seeing that Wang Xian didn't want to say anything more, the rest of the people didn't ask any more questions. They started to talk about other things.

"Huff, Huff. I didn't expect it to really be that group of people. It's that so-called former Dragon King. They actually dared to kill the heavenly soldiers and Generals!"

However, at this moment, Han Feiyu and the others flew more than 100 kilometers in the sky above the sea and said with fear on their faces!

"Let's go back immediately and report to the commanders of the heavenly soldiers and generals. That Dragon King is dead. He's dead. He's dead!"

"No matter how strong he is, if he dares to kill the heavenly soldiers and generals, our Lingxiao Treasured Palace will never let them go!"

The expressions of the eight youths were slightly savage.

Just now, when they knelt there, they felt extremely humiliated!

However, if they didn't kneel, they might die!

Kneeling to an Earthling made them feel extremely humiliated!

"Let's Go!"

The eight of them flew up into the sky.

In the sky was the towering Lingxiao treasured palace. However, if they wanted to enter the palace, they had to enter through the four gates of heaven.

They could not enter through the rest of the gates.

It would take them three to four hours to fly there.

"Hum!"

However, when they had flown more than ten kilometers along the surface of the sea, the area at the bottom of the sea suddenly trembled. A power filled with deathly stillness came from below!

"What's going on?"

The eight people were slightly stunned as they looked down in astonishment.

"What is this? Is this another divine kingdom?"

Han Feiyu stared at the pitch-black ground that slowly appeared below. His eyes were wide open and filled with shock.

They looked at each other with joy in their eyes.

Every newly born divine kingdom would have countless treasures.

The gods risked their lives to come here for these divine kingdoms and the huge treasures within them!

And now, a God kingdom had appeared beneath them!

This was a huge opportunity for them!

"Roar!"

However, just as the eight of them stopped in the sky and looked down, an extremely terrifying and earth-shattering sound rang out!

The sound was filled with madness and madness.

A whistling sound spread across the entire earth.

The faces of Han Feiyu's group of eight, who were floating in the sky, were filled with shock. Without waiting for them to react, their bodies slowly turned black!

Following that, they were directly reduced to ashes without a single trace!

At this moment, a terrifying demon beast with three eyes, a long tail, and sharp thorns all over its body appeared in everyone's line of sight.

The demonic beast was like a lizard, but it had a pair of wings.

The eye between its brows was blood-red!

"Roar!"

It lay in the middle of the Black God country that had appeared, and it looked up at the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and roared again!

Then, it flapped its wings and charged straight for the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!