Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 1866: 1866 demons and demons

"Roar!"

The earth-shattering sound rang out once again, startling the entire earth.

Even the incomparably huge palace in the sky trembled slightly.

At this moment, everyone on Earth revealed shocked expressions.

This violent roar was comparable to the majestic voice of the gods that had descended back then.

The difference was that everyone could guess that this roar did not come from a human!

Instead, it came from a powerful demonic beast!

It could not be called a demonic beast, it should be called a demonic god!

A godly state demonic beast!

At this moment, the three to four thousand meter long black violent demonic beast directly attacked the enormous Lingxiao treasured palace in the sky.

Its sharp claws carried barbs, and its body was filled with five to six-meter-long spikes.

A pair of bone wings flapped, turning into a black stream of light!

"Boom!"

In the blink of an eye, the terrifying demonic god crashed heavily into the Lingxiao treasured palace.

This collision shook the entire world.

A ten-thousand-meter-long crack instantly appeared below the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

"Roar!"

Seeing that the attack didn't break, the Demon God was furious and charged up again.

"Boom!"

Another earth-shaking sound was heard.

"What's crashing into our palace? What Happened?"

"What a terrifying Demon Beast Roar! This is a godly state demon beast, and this is a demon god!"

"What happened on Earth? Why would a demon god-level creature appear? !"

The entire Lingxiao treasured palace was trembling violently. Everyone on the Lingxiao treasured palace had shocked expressions on their faces.

When they heard the violent roars, they revealed a trace of fear.

There was actually an extremely terrifying demonic beast attacking their Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

This was simply unimaginable!

"Beast, you're courting death!"

At this moment, a voice filled with dignity came from the sky above the skyscraping treasured palace.

A figure emitting golden light appeared in the sky above the highest shrine of the skyscraping treasured palace. With a flash of his figure, he arrived directly below the skyscraping treasured palace!

"Damn it, I didn't expect that Earth would be able to revive a deity-level demonic beast so quickly!"

"After all, this was once an eternal God lord-level battlefield. Hundreds of God Lords died in order to wipe out that abyss-like Demon Beast Race!"

In the temple of the Soaring Heavens Treasure Hall, a few figures looked at the mirror in the center.

The evil and terrifying demon beast below appeared in the mirror!

"Let's attack too!"

A Goddess'voice sounded!

"Not good, two more of these abyss lairs have appeared. The battle gold peak below can be dealt with. Let's go to the other two abyss lairs!"

At this moment, the expression of the figure beside him changed slightly, and he immediately said.

"Let's Go!"

The Gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace were slightly startled, and they hurriedly flew towards the other two lairs!

"Boom! Boom!"

They had just flown out when they heard the incomparably loud sounds of battle coming from below.

The battle between a god-level expert was almost earth-shattering!

A God could destroy all living things on Earth within five minutes without any resistance.

This was the terror of a God!

The sounds of the battle between the God and the Demon God from the skyscraping treasured palace in the sky spread to every corner of Earth.

The entire east could clearly see the incomparably deep darkness and the dazzling golden light.

"Oh my God, What Kind of demonic beast is that? It actually attacked the Lingxiao Palace!"

"What happened? What a terrifying energy! What a terrifying pressure!"

On the ground, everyone raised their heads to look at the battle in the sky, their bodies trembling.

This was the first time they had seen a battle between gods!

In front of this terrifying power, they felt like ants.

If they didn't enter the godly state, they would eventually become ants!

"What's going on?"

"What's going on over there?"

In Jiang City, in the Banquet Hall of the song group, everyone had shocked expressions when they heard the roars and sounds of battle from the seaside.

That place was only a few hundred kilometers away from Jiang City. It wasn't too far away.

"Eh?"

Wang Xian heard the commotion from the other side. He turned his head and opened his dragon eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements. He looked towards the direction of the sea.

"That is?"

When he saw a pitch-black ancient land appearing on the surface of the sea and saw the ferocious demonic beast that was fighting a metal-type God in the sky, he was slightly surprised!

"What is that? Is that a god fighting? Why is there the roar of a demonic beast?"

Old Xue, Old Qin, and the others opened their mouths slightly, filled with shock!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, AO qitian, who was standing at the side, looked up into the sky.

He waved his arm, and a pair of eyes that were filled with three-colored gouyu flickered with brilliance.

In front of him, a scene appeared.

Below the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace, the scene of the metal-type God fighting with the powerful demon god was clearly displayed in front of him.

"Eh?"

Everyone in the banquet had a slight change in expression, and their eyes revealed a look of shock.

"Dragon King, their strength is stronger than mine!"

Ao Qitian looked at the god and the terrifying demon beasts in the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace and said in a low voice while his eyes flickered.

"Yes, they have already ignited two wisps of divine fire!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly, and his eyes were sparkling. "I didn't expect the changes on earth to be so fast. The Dark Demon Beasts that appeared in the sky above Jiang City yesterday should have rushed out from the ancient land below!"

"Igniting two wisps of divine fire?"

Everyone around was slightly shocked when they heard the conversation between Wang Xian and Ao Qitian.

Following that, they looked at Wang Xian, Ao Qitian, and the rest with a look of shock in their eyes.

From the conversation between Wang Xian and his subordinates, they understood one piece of information.

That was, that ape-like creature was a god-like existence. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

As for the Dragon King, it went without saying!

"The Dragon King and the rest actually..."

Everyone was extremely shocked. Some of the family members looked at each other and could see the shock in each other's eyes.

However, Elder song and the group of Drakonids were not surprised at all.

Even Yaonu calmed down as her eyes flickered.

That was because they had already guessed the Dragon King's strength!

"My young friend Wang Xian, what has happened to Earth?"

Elder Xue and the rest suppressed the shock in their hearts. They gulped and asked Wang Xian in a hoarse voice.

"Our Earth used to be an ancient battlefield. Many gods have fallen here, or even stronger existences!"

"The recovery of the spiritual energy has revived the divine kingdoms of those gods. The divine kingdoms are the ancient lands that you see!"

"In this ancient land, there are demonic beasts and a sliver of hope left behind by the fallen gods waiting to be revived!"

"As for that demonic beast, I don't really understand it. However, the next Earth is a blessed land. It might also be a dangerous land!"

"Blessings and misfortunes go hand in hand. Blessings and misfortunes go hand in hand!"

Wang Xian said indifferently as he looked at other places.

He could see that there were a few dark ancient lands that had revived!