Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1867: 1867 demons and demons descended

"What?"

Everyone was shocked when they heard Wang Xian's words.

Earth was once a powerful ancient battlefield. The ancient land was the divine kingdom of the fallen gods.

Now, there was a god reviving?

This... everything made them feel extremely shocked.

Wang Xian looked at the deep and dark ancient lands. His eyes were sparkling!

He hesitated for a moment, but he didn't rush over to take a look.

From the dark ancient lands that appeared one after another, he could sense powerful existences.

Some powerful existences might be even stronger than his current strength!

Above the dark ancient lands, there were ferocious and terrifying dark demonic beasts. The demonic beasts were similar to the ones that attacked Jiang City yesterday.

"It's chaotic. Some people on the Internet said that the holy church, the pyramid, and the Fire God Palace were all attacked by powerful demon beasts. Some demon beasts even attacked human cities!"

At this moment, a shocked voice came from a young man's mouth.

"Oh? Really? Could it be that Earth is going to fall into chaos?"

The expressions of the people around them were awe-inspiring.

"Yesterday, there was a demonic beast attack on another city. In our east, there was a city where hundreds of thousands of people were killed by Demonic Beasts!"

A middle-aged man thought of what happened yesterday and his expression changed slightly!

Yesterday's Demonic Beast attack on the city seemed to be a premonition. Today, it had completely erupted.

This was a disaster for everyone. As for what the Dragon King had said, they didn't dare to guarantee that they would be able to avoid this disaster!

"Don't worry about what happens next. I will be watching over Jiang city from now on!"

Wang Xian looked at Old Qin, Old Xue, and the rest who were feeling a little worried.

The Earth's metamorphosis was a combination of misfortune and fortune. This was the case for other people.

Now that he had returned, it was a heaven-defying great opportunity for the Guan family and the Lan family.

"With Little Xian around, we will feel much more at ease!"

When everyone heard Wang Xian's words, they immediately looked over. The worry in their hearts immediately disappeared.

Although they did not know Wang Xian's actual strength, they were certain that he was not weaker than the gods in the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace!

"Father-in-law, mother-in-law, Shu qingyue and the rest are now in a very safe place. Why Don't you bring all your relatives there?"

Wang Xian said to Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and the rest's parents!

"A very safe place?"

When they heard Wang Xian's words, they were slightly stunned. A hesitant look appeared on their faces!

"That place might be a little far away, but it's 100% safe. If all your relatives go there, I'll get ao Qitian and Ao Jian to bring you there!"

"Old Xue and Old Qin, you can go there too. You can choose!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said!

"Is it very far away?"

Old Xue and old Qin were a little reluctant, but they were also a little tempted!

"Not on Earth!"

Wang Xian said softly!

"Not on Earth?"

Everyone was moved once again. There was a look of hesitation on their faces.

If they were to leave Earth and go to an unfamiliar place, they would hesitate again!

"Let's go over. We can also meet up with Qing Yue!"

Soon, the LAN family had made up their minds. They would be able to see their daughter after leaving this place, so they didn't feel too reluctant.

The Guan family also decided to go over and visit Shu Qing.

However, old Qin, Old Xue, and the rest hesitated for a moment before rejecting.

This place was their root. They had already lived here for more than half of their lives.

Moreover, with Wang Xian around in the future, Jiang City would be much safer. After much consideration, they still didn't leave.

Only the members of the Guan family and the Lan family decided to go to the transcendence continent.

Wang Xian nodded his head. He didn't have any objections to their choice.

At this moment, exquisite food was served in the kitchen! 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Two little fellows ran over. They pouted their small mouths and glanced at Wang Xian before sitting on his left and right.

Everyone began to eat.

They had completely forgotten about the loud noises that kept coming from the sky and the battle between the god and the Demon God.

With the Dragon King here, they were very at ease.

Everyone chatted until the afternoon!

"Qitian, Ao Jian, bring them to the transcendence continent. Tell Prime Minister Gui to take good care of them!"

After chatting for three to four hours, Wang Xian instructed ao Qitian and Ao Jian at three to four o'clock in the afternoon.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian and the rest nodded and looked at the more than 100 people from the Guan family of the Lan family!

"Little Xian, we'll head over First!"

Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and their father waved at Wang Xian!

"Alright, father-in-law. After earth stabilizes, all of you can return as well!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and gestured to Ao Qitian and the rest!

Buzz

Ao Qitian waved his arm and disappeared with all of them in an instant!

The Lan family and the Guan family could only feel the scene flash before they realized that they had arrived in the sky above the Pacific Ocean.

Looking at this powerful ability, everyone was shocked.

"This is a teleportation that all godly state experts can do. The dragon queens are cultivating now. When they come out of seclusion, they can ignite the divine fire and become gods!"

Ao Qitian said when he saw everyone's shocked expressions.

"What? Shu Qing Qing Yue and the others are about to become gods!"

When the Guan family and the Lan family heard this news, their faces were shocked. Then, they revealed an extremely happy expression.

To them, becoming a god was an existence that was out of their reach.

That was a high and mighty God!

"The entrance to the other world is this way!"

As Ao Qitian said this, he led them to fly down!

"Roar!"

However, at this moment, an earth-shaking roar was heard, causing everyone to change their expressions slightly.

"Eh?"

Ao Qitian's pupils constricted slightly as he looked in front of him.

There, a dark ancient land slowly appeared. A berserk dark demon beast that was about two thousand meters tall appeared in front of him.

There was a blood-red vertical eye between his brows, a pair of bone wings, and a long tail. His lizard-like body was filled with sharp spikes!

"It's the Demon God! It's that terrifying demon god!"

The faces of the Lan family and the Guan family changed dramatically, and they hurriedly shouted.

"Roar!"

Ao Qitian saw the demon god, and his eyes flickered with a burning look.

"Ao jian, protect them. I'm going to kill this guy and bring him to the Dragon Palace. Then we can improve again!"

Ao Qitian's eyes were filled with excitement and fury.

He growled and his body rapidly grew larger. In an instant, he was 2,000 meters in size.

His body was surrounded by flames, darkness, and lightning. His eyes, which had three gouyu, were filled with pressure and demonic power!

"Finish him quickly!"

Ao Jian reminded AO qitian!

"Roar, I can finish him in ten moves with just one wisp of divine fire!"