Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1868: The third leader of the 1868 Dragon Palace

"Fire and dark lightning jade chains!"

Above the Pacific Ocean, the three jade chains in Ao Qitian's eyes were shining. He stared at the Demon Beast more than ten kilometers ahead with a hint of excitement in his eyes.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Behind him, black chains surrounded by lightning and flames attacked the Dark Demon Beast.

The chains, which were two to three meters thick, pierced through more than ten kilometers of space, completely locking down the surrounding space.

The two chains wrapped around its body.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

An incomparably furious roar came from the mouth of the demonic beast.

Its long tail swept horizontally, directly attacking the two chains.

"Pa Pa Pa!"

The powerful force caused the entire space to tremble, and the two chains flew backward.

Buzz

At this moment, the ocean-pacifying needle appeared in AO Qitian's palm. The three-thousand-meter-long needle was covered in black lightning and flames, and it smashed directly at the Demon Beast.

Roar! Roar

A hint of fear appeared in the Demon Beast's blood-red eyes.

The vertical eye in the center of the eye slowly cracked open.

"Buzz!"

A wave of destructive blood-red demonic qi attacked the sea-pacifying divine needle.

"Bang!"

The sea-pacifying divine needle landed on the blood-red demonic qi pillar, making a deafening sound.

The entire ocean, in the battle between the two godly state experts, was like a small boat in a huge wave.

Under AO Qitian's violent power, the blood-red demonic qi pillar slowly dissipated. The sea-pacifying divine needle continued to smash at the Demonic Beast.

"Roar!"

The Demon Beast opened its long and thin mouth and let out a fierce roar.

Behind it, an abyss-like divine kingdom slowly emerged behind it.

"Roar! Roar!"

When Ao Qitian saw that the other party had used the power of the divine kingdom, he also let out a furious roar.

Behind him, the shadow of a Dragon Cave appeared.

Inside the Dragon Cave, the shadows of the Dark Dragon, the fire dragon, and the Lightning Dragon coiled together and attached themselves to the walls of the Dragon Cave.

The entire Dragon Cave was like a mural left behind from ancient times!

The entire Dragon Cave was emitting a mysterious and powerful power.

"Gouyu chain, fire chain suppression, dark chain suppression, lightning chain suppression!"

Ao Qitian roared, and the murals within the 100-kilometer radius of the Dragon Cave behind him emitted a mysterious luster.

The chains around the demonic beast began to reflect each other and burst out with a mysterious power!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The surrounding chains became even more violent and attacked the Dark Divine Kingdom and the demonic beast.

"Pa! PA! PA! Pa!"

The chains emitted a sound like the running of gears, locking the demonic beast and its divine kingdom in a short moment!

"Roar!"

Ao Qitian roared again, and the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand suddenly grew to 10,000 meters long!

The terrifying power smashed on it, and the divine kingdom collapsed.

The Demonic Beast's body was instantly smashed to the bottom of the sea, and a large amount of blood oozed out of its body, making a huge sound!

"Buzz!"

Ao Qitian's body moved, and he rushed over with the Dragon Cave behind him.

The Demonic Beast Divine Kingdom that was like an abyss entered the Dragon Cave. Ao Qitian waved his arm, and his enormous palm grabbed the body of the demonic god.

"Go!"

He turned to look at Ao Jian and the others and shouted softly.

"Go!"

Ao jian nodded and led the stunned members of the Guan family and the Lan family to fly toward the entrance of the transcendence continent.

The battle just now had completely stunned the members of the Guan family and the Lan family!

The subordinates of the Dragon King had killed an extremely terrifying demon god in less than a minute!

This was a god-like existence!

Before they could be too shocked, ao Qitian led them directly into the extraordinary mainland through the entrance!

Two minutes later, they arrived above the Dragon Palace!

"This is?"

Looking at the Majestic Underwater Dragon Palace, the Guan family and the Lan family were shocked!

"Prime Minister Gui!"

Ao Qitian and Ao Jian called out Prime Minister Gui, cupping their hands and shouting. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"These are the family members of the Dragon Queen. The Dragon King asked us to bring them to the extraordinary mainland and ask Prime Minister Gui to take good care of them!"

Ao Qitian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"Alright, Greetings to all of you!"

When Prime Minister Gui heard that they were the family members of the Dragon Queen, he immediately bowed.

"No need, no need!"

Everyone around looked at the Fantastic Dragon Palace below. Their faces were filled with shock as they hurriedly said to Prime Minister Gui.

"Let me open some permissions and let everyone in!"

In the Dragon Palace, only those with the bloodline of the Divine Dragon could enter. If anyone else wanted to enter, they would have to open the permissions of Wang Xian or Prime Minister Gui!

"Prime Minister Gui, there is a change on earth. I killed a godly state demonic beast on Earth when I came here. Ao Jian and I will use it to increase our strength and return to the Dragon King immediately!"

Ao Qitian took out the body of the demonic god and reported to Prime Minister Gui.

"A change on earth?"

Prime Minister Gui was slightly stunned and looked at them curiously.

Ao qitian gave a simple explanation to Prime Minister Gui!

"Good. This demon God's corpse is used to increase your strength. In addition, AO xingmu has already reached the godly state. This time, I'll go out with you to follow the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui said to them.

"Oh? Ao Xingmu has become a god? This guy is so fast?"

Ao Qitian was slightly stunned and said in astonishment.

"Hehe, the Dragon King got a huge amount of resources last time, so he let ao Xingmu become a god First!"

Prime Minister Gui Smiled!

"By the way, Prime Minister, I also got a divine kingdom. Now that it has been swallowed by the Dragon Palace, is there any treasure inside?"

Ao Qitian thought of the divine kingdom that was swallowed by the Dragon Cave when he killed the demon god and asked immediately.

"There isn't any treasure inside, but it provides a lot of resources for the improvement of the Dragon Palace's level!"

Prime Minister Gui shook his head!

"Then tell ao Xingmu to wait for us. We'll go and improve our strength immediately!"

Ao Qitian and Ao Jian immediately flew into the dragon transformation pool and threw the demon god's body aside.

Soon, a large amount of dragon blood flowed out of the dragon heads of the nine Dragon Pillars!

Ao Qitian and Ao Jian immediately jumped into the dragon transformation pool.

Once they absorbed the dragon blood inside, they would be able to reach the peak of the demigod realm.

With AO Qitian's strength at the peak of the demigod realm, he could kill a god with two wisps of divine fire!

And Ao Jian could also kill a god with a wisp of divine fire!

"Hehe!"

At this moment, Ao Xingmu, who was lying under the dragon throne with his branches connected to the ancestral tree, sensed the situation inside the dragon transformation pool. He slightly opened his eyes and smiled.

He was now 20 meters tall. His upper body was slightly similar to a human's, only about 1.5 meters.

His lower body was full of branches.

The branches were full of sharp barbs and surrounded by a faint flame.

He looked extraordinarily beautiful in the dark.

If one looked carefully, there were traces of lightning in the branches.

Ao Xingmu, a member of the Divine Fire Dragon Palace, could surpass three levels!

The current AO xingmu was comparable to the most powerful dragon of the Dragon Palace, the Mad Dragon!

It was all because of the existence of the ancestral tree.

Maybe the future number one dragon in the Dragon Palace belonged to the Xingmu Dragon!