Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1869: 1869 disciples of Ling Xiao stepped forward

The Dragon Palace had absorbed a divine kingdom with darkness attribute. Wang Xian, who was in Jiang City, sensed it immediately.

Once all the members of the Dragon Palace became gods, the dragon cave that he possessed would turn into the divine kingdom of the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Their divine kingdom could fly out of the Dragon Palace. Similarly, the items that they obtained could also be directly transported to the Dragon Palace.

The stronger the divine realm members of the Dragon Palace were, the higher the quality of the Dragon Palace would be.

In the future, when Wang Xian ignited the divine fire and the Dragon Palace advanced, the Dragon Palace would be completely transformed into his divine kingdom.

At that time, he could instantly summon the Dragon Palace over.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The great battle that shook the entire Earth was still erupting.

Compared to the beginning, a terrifying battle was soon transmitted from the west, south, and center of Earth.

Dark ancient lands appeared one after another. Powerful and invincible demon gods flew out and attacked the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the holy church, the pyramid, and the Fire God Palace.

The high and mighty gods fought against the demon gods one by one.

In just a few short hours, the entire earth seemed to be trembling.

Not long after, a wail came from the ocean. The entire ocean was covered in darkness!

At that moment, all the gods on Earth looked over at the same time.

There was actually a god who had killed the evil demon god who had rushed out from the ancient land.

In an instant, all the gods revealed an extremely astonished expression.

In the banquet hall of the song clan group, Wang Xian and the rest were also looking at the sky.

With Wang Xian's Yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes, he could clearly see their battle.

"Now that the Internet has exploded, there are already five ancient lands that are emitting an evil aura. In some of the evil ancient lands, extremely terrifying evil demonic beasts have rushed out!"

"However, what made everyone slightly relieved was that those powerful and invincible demonic gods did not attack the human cities. They only attacked the land of the gods!"

Old Xue, Old Qin, and the rest were chatting non-stop at the side.

"Unless the gods from the major forces can completely suppress those evil ancient lands, even if there are no demon gods attacking the human cities, there will still be other dark demon beasts attacking the ancient lands!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he spoke from the side.

"Your strength is still too weak. I'll give you some pills to use for your cultivation. Also, Old Xue, Old Qin, Old Li, and uncle Zhang, I'll give you some treasures!"

He swept his gaze across everyone in the hall. With a wave of his arm, bottles of extremely precious pills and weapons appeared in front of them!

"With these pills, all of you will be able to increase your strength rapidly. Song family, in the past few years, your song family has done nothing wrong. Old Song, I've helped you increase your strength as well. I'll give you some weapons!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at song Qingshi and the rest of the song family.

"Your talent is not bad. It's a pity that your legs were attacked by the power of the gods. However, your foundation is not bad!"

Wang Xian's gaze landed on the young girl who was sitting on the wheelchair. He waved his arm and a strong vitality of earth wood landed on her body.

Her legs grew out rapidly.

Buzz

Wang Xian moved his palm and pointed the god-striking branch in Yaoyao's hand at her gently.

A vast amount of wood energy was injected into the girl's body.

The girl revealed an excited expression. As she sensed the energy that entered her body, she immediately closed her eyes and absorbed it rapidly.

She had the opportunity to obtain a huge opportunity with her sister. However, due to the sudden danger, she was unable to avoid it. Instead of obtaining the opportunity, she lost her legs!

Even the pills that the song family found for her to regrow her severed limbs after that did not have any effect on her!

With her foundation in cultivation, her cultivation level increased rapidly from that of an extraordinaire.

Although the current Wang Xian controlled the five elements of yin and yang in his body, his wood attribute was the strongest due to the ancestral tree.

Waves of wood attribute energy along with some of the characteristics of the god-striking branches were infused into the young lady's body.

Very soon, her strength had reached the peak of the Seethrough realm!

It seemed to be easy, but Wang Xian had used up a lot of energy.

Even a god would rarely use such a method to forcefully increase a person's strength.

Wang Xian's thoughts had contributed greatly to the song family. He had helped the song family to increase another powerhouse.

"Thank you, Dragon King! Thank you, Dragon King!"

"Thank you, Dragon King, for your Grace!"

Song Hanshuang opened her eyes and bowed to Wang Xian with excitement and excitement.

Song Qingshi and the rest also knelt down in excitement and thanked him loudly.

"You Deserve This!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

"Hiss!"

At this moment, Song Hanyu and song Shanzhi saw that their sister's leg had been healed instantly and her strength had even been raised to the peak of the profound void stage.

Their eyes were filled with envy.

If we didn't provoke the Dragon King, would we be the ones who were blessed?

A thought appeared in their minds!

It was a pity that there was no medicine for regret in this world. There were no ifs.

"Golden Bright Great Sun!"

At this moment, a voice filled with endless majesty came from the sky!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at the sky. A huge golden sun shot out billions of golden rays and attacked the demon god that seemed to be enveloped by an abyss.

At this moment, the golden rays illuminated a radius of more than 100,000 kilometers.

"Is the battle at the end?"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

The billions of golden rays landed on the abyss-like Divine Kingdom of the Demon Beast. The entire divine kingdom was immediately penetrated.

"Roar! Roar!"

A miserable shriek was heard. Following that, the demon God fled into the dark ancient land below in fear.

"Beast, stay here!"

A golden broadsword that was over 100 kilometers long condensed and attacked the escaping Dark Demon Beast.

"Roar!"

Another miserable shriek was heard.

In Wang Xian's vision, an incomparably huge wing was cut off.

However, the demon god was not killed. Instead, it escaped into the ancient land below.

"What a pity. The God from the Ling Xiao Palace is still a little weak!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

Although the war in the sky had ended, the sounds of battle from other places on Earth could still be heard.

"It's getting late. Let's go back!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Wang Xian looked at the time and bade farewell to Old Xue, Old Qin, and the rest!

"Dragon King, we have found the place where you are staying. It's a villa by the sea. Do you want to go over and take a look?"

Old Song walked over and said respectfully to Wang Xian.

"Yeah, sure!"

Wang Xian nodded and gestured for Old Song to lead the way.

The group of people sent Wang Xian and the rest out respectfully.

"Not bad, not bad!"

Following elder song to the villa near the sea, Wang Xian looked around with a satisfied expression on his face.

He was the divine dragon of the sea. Wang Xian also liked a villa near the sea!

Compared to the villa near the sea in Jiang City, this one was even more luxurious.