Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1870: 1870 disciples of Ling Xiao came out

"New home, new home, bad dad, Bad Dad!"

After entering the new villa near the sea, the two little guys were running excitedly in the courtyard.

"Azure Dragon, how is the information about Tang Jiuchao, Ling Xiao, and Xiao ran that I asked you to find?"

Wang Xian looked at the two happy little guys and shook his head as he said to Mo Qinglong who was beside him.

"When the Dragon King, Master Tang, sect leader Ling, Xiao Ran, and the rest arrived at the Lingxiao treasured palace, they were immediately recruited as disciples by the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

"At that time, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace beckoned a group of elite disciples from Earth. Many experts from the immortal sects entered the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

"It's said that they were cultivating in the Lingxiao treasured palace. Without any special circumstances, they couldn't leave the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Mo Qinglong said to him.

Wang Xian nodded slightly at the side.

He did not have a good impression of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall nor did he have a bad impression of it. Although they had killed the divine son of heaven and the heavenly soldiers and generals of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall.

However, it was the other party who was courting death to provoke them!

Wang Xian was more at ease when Xiao ran and the rest joined the Lingxiao Treasure Hall.

At the very least, they would not encounter any danger in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall.

"Let's see if we can contact them and have a gathering if there's a chance!"

Wang Xian said to Mo Qinglong.

Tang Jiuchao was Yinxuan's father, while sect leader Ling was Feng Lingtian's father. They were in-laws!

As for Xiao ran, he was Wang Xian's only disciple since he started cultivating for more than ten years.

Even if he was just an in-name disciple, he was still Wang Xian's only disciple.

If there was a chance, Wang Xian would invite them over for a gathering. He wouldn't be stingy with his help.

"Bad Daddy, we are hungry. We want to eat good food!"

Ever since Wang Xian told them that they were picked up in front of the two little guys, the two little guys had been calling Wang Xian bad daddy!

This made Wang Xian very helpless.

"Alright, Alright. What do you guys want to eat? Daddy, let's See What's good here!"

Wang Xian carried them one by one and walked into the room.

As the saying goes, a girl should be well-off. These few little guys had been eating and drinking demigod-level items for the past few days.

If this were to be seen by ordinary people, they would definitely be extremely shocked.

Wang Xian brought the two little guys to the top floor of the villa where it was open to the sky. He took out some dragon meat from the supernatural continent and roasted it for them to eat.

At the same time, Wang Xian used his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes to observe the changes of the entire earth.

At this moment, the entire earth was boiling.

One by one, dark ancient lands appeared. Each and every one of them were extremely terrifying demon gods.

The battle between the Dark Demon Gods and the gods left everyone on Earth in shock.

Following that, human and demon beasts attacked the cities around the ancient lands.

Although the dark demonic beasts were not very strong, they possessed strange abilities.

Some dark demonic beasts could enter a person's body and control it.

Some demonic beasts were a mass of dark energy and could attack with their physical strength.

Some demonic beasts could bewitch a person's heart and control them to attack.

Demons and monsters were everywhere!

As night fell, Wang Xian caressed the two little guys who were already in deep sleep and gestured for Yao Nu to carry them into the room!

Wang Xian stood at the top of the villa and looked around!

His gaze landed on a dark ancient land that was the closest to Jiang City. Wang Xian had the thought of exploring it.

However, he dismissed it very quickly!

Wang Xian sensed that there were godly state experts in Ling Xiao's shop who were not weaker than him.

The Dark Demon God was severely injured and the gods of Ling Xiao's Treasure Hall did not chase after him. There was probably something in there that they were afraid of.

With the current mysteriousness of Earth, he did not dare to barge in directly!

"It's a pity that I missed the time when the other ancient lands were born. If that time comes, I can also go to the ancient lands to search for it!"

"The current ancient lands have all been searched by the gods that descended on Earth. It's hard to find anything good!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he turned around and entered the room.

"All Disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, come to the front of the main hall!"

At this moment, in the Lingxiao treasured palace above Earth, a majestic voice resounded throughout every corner of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Gather the divine lord and go there immediately!"

"Today, a demon god dared to attack our Lingxiao treasured palace. May I know why the Divine Lord has gathered all the disciples?"

"Is the opportunity that belongs to us here? Father asked me to descend to Earth with the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Is there a great opportunity?"

At that moment, all the disciples in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace immediately flew into the central main hall!

Soon, millions of young middle-aged men gathered in front of the main hall.

In the front row stood nine divine sons with towering heads and powerful auras.

They stood there proudly.

There were more than a dozen demigod-level middle-aged men around them. They were all experts on the god Ascension list in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

Anyone who could make it onto the god Ascension list would have the chance to ignite the divine fire.

Millions of people gathered together. There were many geniuses.

After entering the front of the main hall, they all raised their heads and looked forward. The entire front of the main hall was extremely quiet.

"Disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, listen up. You have my disciples and cultivators who have followed you here to seek opportunities. Now, the opportunities have arrived!"

"Opportunities are accompanied by danger, but the current Earth is the best era. As long as you have the opportunities and strength, it is not impossible for you to establish a god-like sect!"

"Demons and demons have already emerged. Next, a powerful divine kingdom will break out from the ground. The opportunities that belong to the entire planet will be grasped by whoever holds them up high!"

"Now, all of you will each take a corner. Protect the city, recruit subordinates, and establish an academy. Warning, Disciples in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall are not allowed to attack each other. Otherwise, they will be killed immediately!"

A fiery-red figure slowly appeared in the sky above the main hall.

He floated there, and his words entered everyone's ears.

Upon hearing the Divine Lord's order, all the disciples in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall were slightly taken aback. Immediately after, they revealed excited expressions.

In the past, the Lingxiao treasured palace had very strict control over the disciples'entry and exit.

If they wanted to go to Earth, they had to apply. They only had one chance every three months. Furthermore, they could not stay on Earth for more than five days.

The Lingxiao Treasured Palace did this in order to prevent too many descenders from destroying Earth's recovery.

Now, with the appearance of demons and monsters, they could also land on Earth wantonly.

"We obey God's orders!"

When everyone heard the Divine Lord's words, they immediately responded loudly.

As their voices faded, the figures in the sky above the main hall completely disappeared!

"We can finally go down. A few years ago, in order to prevent us from destroying Earth's recovery and restricting our movement, we can finally go to Earth to look for a great opportunity!"

"Haha, those Divine Kingdoms and divine mountains, I will naturally occupy an area!"

Excited voices sounded around them!

"We can finally return to the surface!"

At this moment, a group of people stood on the right in front of the main hall.

Among them were a few familiar figures -- Xiao ran, sect leader Ling, and Xiao Ran's sister, Liu Mengxin.

Unlike before, this young and tender young girl seemed to have grown into a handsome young man and a beautiful young girl!