Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1871: 1871 descended

"The instructors have sent us a message. They want us to choose our companions and descend to a fixed city or location!"

"Or we can join other teams. Of course, you can also go anywhere, but you can not fight with other disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

On the right, sect leader Ling looked at the message on the message board and looked at the people around him.

There were hundreds of people around him besides Xiao ran and his sister Liu Mengxin.

These people used to be from the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect. Now that they had joined the Lingxiao treasured palace, they naturally had to huddle together to stay warm!

"With our strength, it will be difficult for us to gain a foothold in a city and even occupy a divine mountain. There are too many people who are stronger than us!"

Xiao ran stood by the side and frowned as he pondered.

Xiao ran was once the Dragon King's only disciple. Three years after the Dragon King left, his strength had already become invincible on Earth.

Now, after six or seven years of cultivation in the Lingxiao treasured palace, his strength had already risen to the sixth level of the profound void tier!

This kind of increase was already very powerful.

However, this was only for the natives on Earth. Compared to the young prodigies who had descended with the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, his strength was much, much stronger!

There were even some people on Earth who were stronger than him in the past.

This was not because he did not work hard or because his talent was low. It was because he did not have a master!

When the Lingxiao Treasured Palace recruited them to enter this place, there were demigod-level powerhouses who saw his outstanding talent and wanted to take him in as a disciple. However, he rejected them.

Later on, he rejected the recruitment of several powerhouses consecutively. From then on, no powerhouse from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace was willing to take him in as a disciple!

Having a master to teach and not having a master to teach were two completely different concepts!

With a master to teach, one would receive the medicinal pills and weapons given by the master, and would also receive individual guidance.

And without a master, one could only learn from a mentor. A mentor was not a one-on-one teaching, but a pair of over a hundred students, or even a few hundred!

"Xiao ran, then should we join another team, or move in a place that is no longer fixed?"

Sect Master Ling asked him.

"I don't want to join any team. If I do, I'll be restricted by them. Besides, the treasures I get might not be mine!"

Xiao ran looked at the people around him and said directly!

"That's true. Unless we have strong control, otherwise... if you could have a powerful master, Xiao Ran, I'm afraid you would have become a divine son by now!"

A middle-aged man looked at him and said with slight regret.

"Alright, let's not talk about other things. What do you guys choose? Should we do it together or?"

Xiao ran shook his head and looked at the group of people around him as he asked.

"Xiao ran!"

At this moment, a voice was heard.

Everyone was slightly stunned as they looked at the source of the voice. When they saw the woman slowly walking over, they all winked at him.

"Can I join your team?"

The woman who walked over continued to say. She looked at Xiao ran with a smile on her face.

"Ji Lingfei!"

Xiao ran was slightly stunned when he saw the woman walking over. He nervously clenched his fist.

"I'm going to look around. Our team isn't very strong..."

He looked at the woman walking over and said with some restraint.

"It doesn't matter. I don't want to establish any factions or occupy any mountain peaks. I also want to look around on earth properly. You Won't Mind Me, right?"

Ji Lingfei walked to Xiao Ran's side and looked at him with a smile.

She was about one meter tall, and there was a water-blue jewelry stuck between her eyebrows. Her water-blue hair made her look extremely spiritual.

Standing beside her, everyone felt extremely comfortable!

"How can that be? With your strength, any team you join Will Welcome You. Moreover, even if you build your own team, there will be countless people who will support you!"

Xiao ran said indifferently, a trace of disappointment flashed in his eyes.

He and she were not on the same level at all.

She was the most outstanding woman in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the goddess in the eyes of countless young people.

She had the powerful strength of a demigod. Although he did not know why she did not make it onto the god Ascension list and become a goddess, her strength was publicly recognized as not inferior to that of a divine son.

She might even be much stronger than a divine son!

Although Ji Lingfei treated him differently from the others, he did not dare to have extravagant hopes.

"Ji Lingfei, have you joined the team? Why Don't you join our team? I've already occupied a divine mountain on Earth!"

At this moment, four or five young men and women walked over. The youth in the center looked at Ji Lingfei passionately and said with a smile.

He was dressed in golden clothing with two words printed in the middle -- Divine Son!

Only the disciples and experts on the god Ascension list were qualified to wear this kind of special golden clothing!

The two words "Son of deity"printed on it indicated the young man's status as a deity!

Above all others!

"There's no need. I've already joined Xiao Ran's team!"

Ji Lingfei glanced at this son of deity indifferently, and there wasn't the slightest fluctuation on her face.

He was like a son of deity, and she didn't place him in her eyes.

"Eh?"

The divine son frowned slightly when he heard consort Ji's words. He looked at Xiao ran with an unsightly expression, and a trace of jealousy flashed through his eyes.

"In that case, it's really a pity. If you have time, consort Ji, you can come to my divine mountain and sit!"

The divine son put away his state of mind and said with a smile.

"Yes!"

Consort Ji still nodded indifferently!

The divine son turned around and left. Although he was very unhappy to be rejected so directly, his master had warned him that anyone could be provoked in the Lingxiao treasured palace and not to provoke Ji Lingfei.

One could imagine how extraordinary ji Lingfei's background was!

"Sister Ji Lingfei, come and join our team. We've already agreed!"

Just as the divine son left, six young men and women walked over.

Three men and three women. A woman walked over and warmly held onto Lingfei Ji's arm as she said with a smile!

"Qingqing, I'm really sorry. I forgot. I've already joined Xiao Ran's team!"

When Lingfei Ji saw the woman holding onto her arm, she smiled and said apologetically.

"Xiao ran, Humph! Sister Consort Ji, you..."

Qing Qing heard her and glanced at Xiao ran with slight dissatisfaction.

But she also knew that she couldn't change sister Consort Ji's decision!

"Then what should we do? Why don't we join Xiao Ran's team too!"

Qing Qing turned her head to look at the five young men and women behind her. One of the young men was wearing the same clothes as the divine son from before.

He was also a divine son, and he was ranked third!

"Sure. If concubine Ji wants to join us, we naturally have to join as well. What about Xiao Ran? Is that Alright?"

The young man dressed in the divine son's clothing raised his head slightly and asked Xiao ran proudly.

"Divine son Gu Xingkong, Xiao ran naturally won't have any objections, but our small team..."

When Xiao ran heard Gu Xingkong's words, he lowered his head slightly and nodded with an embarrassed expression. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When faced with a divine son, regardless of identity or strength, he wasn't allowed to resist!

"It's fine as long as you don't have any objections!"

Gu Xingkong interrupted him and said directly!

Ji Lingfei frowned slightly when she saw this scene.

"Since you've joined the team, you're all teammates. You Don't have any other identities!"

She said indifferently.

Ji Lingfei's words caused Gu Xingkong to be slightly stunned.

"Of course. We're all teammates!"

Gu Xingkong immediately smiled and nodded. His gaze lingered on Xiao ran for a few seconds. Similarly, there was envy and confusion in his eyes!

There was also a trace of coldness!

"I'll first make a trip to River City to meet some friends. If you follow me, I'm afraid I'll Waste Your Time!"

Xiao ran a little helpless to continue to say.