Chapter 1872: 1872 descended

Xiao ran was a little surprised that Ji Lingfei had joined him.

But Gu Xingkong and the others had joined him, and he felt a little helpless.

Gu Xingkong and the others were all much stronger than him.

This might not be a good thing for their future adventures!

"I haven't strolled around on Earth. It doesn't matter where I Go!"

Ji Lingfei shook her head carelessly when she heard Xiao Ran's words.

The other six were mainly following ji lingfei, so they had no objections.

"Sect leader Ling, What About You Guys?"

Xiao ran looked at sect leader Ling and the others and asked!

"Haha, I was still worried about you, Xiao ran. Now that you're following Miss Ji and the others, I feel much more at ease!"

"US..."

As he spoke, he looked at the disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect around him. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "The Yellow Heaven Immortal sect has been passed down to me for more than three thousand years. I Can't let the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect be broken!"

"We're preparing to go back and rebuild the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect!"

Ling Xiao said with a smile.

The Ling Xiao Treasured Palace did not stop the disciples from establishing their own forces. As long as you had the strength and became a god, no one would have any objections.

He originally wanted to go with Xiao ran, but now that everyone had their own aspirations, they could only temporarily separate!

The Gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace had their own plans and ideas.

"Then prepare with me, Meng Xin. We'll go to Jiang City the day after tomorrow to see those friends!"

Xiao ran said to sect leader Ling and the others.

"Go, Go!"

Sect leader Ling sighed in his heart, somewhat lost in thought.

When the disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect saw the sect master's expression, they also felt a little emotional.

Sect Master Ling's son, their young master, had married the Dragon King's sister, but now...

Everyone shook their heads slightly and looked at Xiao ran.

Because of the Dragon King, he was able to survive and become the strongest person on Earth.

After the Dragon King disappeared, this was also the reason why Xiao ran had never taken him as a disciple in the Lingxiao Palace.

Many people were accomplished during the Dragon King's era!

As for Xiao ran going to River City, he was only there to meet the disciples of the Dragon Gate who used to work for the Dragon King.

"Do you want the day after tomorrow? That's good too. Let's Get Ready!"

Ji Lingfei looked at Xiao ran and nodded with a smile on her face.

"Sister Mengxin, this bracelet is for you. Hehe!"

Then, she walked to Xiao Ran's sister and handed her a bracelet that contained powerful light energy.

"Sister Ji Lingfei, no..."

When Liu Mengxin saw the bracelet that she handed to her, she quickly shook her head!

"Take it. There are some things that I need your help with. Hehe!"

Ji lingfei blinked at her and said in a very friendly manner!

"Don't worry, Sister Ji Lingfei!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Liu Mengxin nodded at her. The two of them had a tacit understanding.

"Let's Go!"

Xiao ran looked at his sister and Ji Lingfei with some confusion and said to her.

"Okay, let's Go!"

Liu mengxin nodded. The two of them walked side by side to the place where they lived.

"Sister Ji Lingfei, you didn't even give me a bracelet, you're biased!"

"I say, sister, you're not really interested in that kid, are you? Have you heard of the story of the cowherd and Weaver Girl on Earth?"

"Just that kid, Xiao ran..."

Qing Qing walked to Ji Lingfei's side at this time, pouting as she spoke. However, seeing that her expression was getting uglier and uglier, she hurriedly shut her mouth.

Gu Xingkong and the others by the side frowned.

In the past ten days, there had been rumors in the Lingxiao treasured palace that goddess Ji Lingfei had taken a liking to a boy.

At that time, many people did not believe that aside from divine sons, how many other people could make Ji Lingfei take a liking to?

Now that they saw her attitude toward that young man who was only at the sixth level of the insight void tier, it made them feel incredulous and embarrassed at the same time.

"Cowherd and Weaver Girl?"

Ji Lingfei, who was at the side, muttered. She looked at Xiao Ran's back as he left.

"Bad Daddi, Bad Daddi!"

In Jiang City, the crisp sound of flowers could be heard in the villa early in the morning.

Wang Xian looked at the two little fellows. After a night, they had grown a lot taller.

Now, they were equivalent to three to four-year-old children!

In just four short days, the two little fellows were equivalent to three to four years of other children!

"Are you hungry? What do you want to eat?"

Wang Xian looked at them and immediately walked over to pick them up!

"I want to eat fruit!"

Cai'er opened her mouth and stretched out her little hand!

"Alright, Alright, I'll give you one each!"

Wang Xian took out two wood-attribute spiritual fruits of the first level of demigod and handed them to them!

"Are you watching TV? I'll bring you guys here to watch TV!"

Carrying them, Wang Xian sat in the hall and turned on the TV.

"Childish, it doesn't look good!"

The two little guys despised him for playing an animated cartoon.

"Alright, Alright, let's watch something else then!"

Wang Xian said in a speechless manner. Other kids were watching cartoons when they were three or four years old.

It seemed that they shouldn't be treated with the IQ of ordinary kids!

"Bad Daddi, I want to fly too!"

The television was playing a modern wuxia movie. Hua'er stood on the sofa and shouted loudly.

"No, you guys are still young and can't cultivate yet. If you guys want to fly, Daddy can bring you guys to fly!"

Wang Xian touched the lively and jumping flowers at the side!

"Cultivate? Daddy, are those little bugs moving in the body? Is That So?"

At this moment, Hua'er grabbed Wang Xian's arm and asked him to look at her.

Following that, Hua'er sat cross-legged on the sofa and began to cultivate.

As she sat down quietly, Wang Xian could clearly sense the surrounding wood attribute entering her body.

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as a hint of astonishment flashed across his eyes.

"Are the two of them going to awaken all sorts of memories as time goes by?"

Wang Xian mumbled. With a move of his palm, the energy of the ancestral tree entered Cai ER's body.

Buzz

The star grass above Cai Er's head moved. It looked like it was trembling.

Waves of majestic ancestral tree energy entered Cai ER's body.

Cai Er's long eyelashes moved. Waves of memories related to cultivation surged into her mind!

Boom

All of a sudden, a tremendous amount of wood attribute energy burst out from her body. Her cultivation was improving at a terrifying speed.

"Ah, what's wrong with sister?"

Hua'er tilted her head and looked at her sister. She blinked her eyes and looked exceptionally cute.

Wang Xian stared at Cai'er. Her body, which was sitting cross-legged on the sofa, was slowly growing bigger and bigger!

From the initial age of three to four years old, she looked to be four to five years old now!

Cai'er's strength had also reached the insightful emptiness realm. It was terrifying and absolutely terrifying!

Hua'er widened her eyes as she looked at her older sister who had grown up. Her small eyes kept blinking as if she was extremely curious.

Not far away, Yao Nu, who was standing at the side, was extremely shocked!

This simply overturned her understanding.

Not long ago, Cai'er did not have much strength, but now she had already reached the insightful emptiness realm!

This... as expected of the Dragon King's daughter, she was also so monstrous!