Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1873: 1873 Xiao Ran’s master went up

"Boom!"

"Huala!"

In the villa near the sea, a powerful life force rushed out from the villa, and at the same time, the sound of waves could be heard from outside.

Cai'er sat cross-legged on the sofa, and a shocking aura came from her body.

"Demigod realm, hiss!"

At the side, Yao Nu had already opened her mouth slightly in shock!

A little girl who could not be any smaller had the strength of a first level demigod.

Putting aside the heaven's favorites on Earth, even the divine sons in the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace were nothing compared to her?

Wouldn't the so-called divine sons and Heaven's favorites feel ashamed in front of this little guy?

"MMM!"

Wang Xian saw that Cai Er's strength had broken through to the demigod realm and placed his palm down from the top of her head.

She moaned like a cat and opened her eyes to look at Wang Xian!

"Cai'er is really amazing. She has grown so big in such a short period of time!"

Wang Xian looked at Cai'er who looked like a seven or eight-year-old child. Her clothes from earlier were already torn, revealing her cream-like skin.

He pinched it!

Yao Nu immediately took out a dress. The last time they went shopping, Wang Xian bought over a hundred pieces of clothes for them. He was afraid that they would grow up quickly.

After putting on a sky-blue Lolita dress for Cai'er, she instantly became a perfect little princess. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The Yao Girl at the side took out a comb and meticulously combed Wang Xian's beautiful long hair that reached her shoulders!

"Daddy, Are You Pretty?"

Cai'er raised her head and looked at Wang Xian lovingly as she asked with a smile.

Her smile revealed two dimples. She looked exceptionally cute.

"Cute and pretty, Little Princess!"

Wang Xian couldn't help but hug Cai er and kissed her on the cheek!

"Wow, Bad Dad, why did sister get bigger? I want to get bigger too, I want to get bigger too, Wow Wow!"

At this moment, Hua Er started to cry.

She looked at her sister with envy. She felt that she was out of favor and started to cry.

"Hua'er, do you know how to cultivate? You can cultivate and grow to the size of your sister!"

Wang Xian quickly carried her over and wiped her tears.

"SOB, sob, sob, sob. I know how to cultivate too, but I don't want to cultivate!"

Hua'er shouted loudly. Her crisp voice and confident lung capacity resounded throughout the entire villa.

"If you don't want to cultivate, you won't grow to the size of your sister!"

Wang Xian said to Hua'er speechlessly.

"SOB, sob, so be it. I want to grow up as soon as possible!"

Hua'er cried and choked on her sobs. She looked at her sister and sat down on Wang Xian's body.

Wang Xian smiled. When he saw Hua'er entering the state of cultivation very soon, he smiled as well.

With a thought, he transferred the majestic power of the ancestral tree into her body.

Hua Er and Cai er were wood-attribute deities who had been awakened. The recovery of their cultivation memories meant that there were no shackles on their path of cultivation, and they could recover all the way to their former peak.

Of course, there was a prerequisite for this, and that was to have sufficient energy!

Logically speaking, Cai er and the others'bodies were not sufficient to reach the demigod realm. However, Wang Xian had the ancestral tree!

Wang Xian did not know how strong the ancestral tree was. However, from the few fruits that it bore, it could be said to be heaven-defying.

Hua Er sat cross-legged on her body. Her strength was increasing rapidly, and her body was also growing slowly.

Wang Xian woke her up after she cultivated all the way until she reached the first level of the demigod level.

The two little ones'advancement consumed the ancestral tree's energy. Wang Xian could not allow them to absorb it without limits!

"Ya Ya, I've grown up too. I've grown up too!"

Hua'er changed into her clothes and jumped around excitedly.

"Ah!"

However, the little ones were too excited. They jumped onto the roof and bumped their heads. This made her pout!

"Bad Daddy, that thing bumped into me!"

Hua'er pouted and pointed at the roof.

"It won't bump into you if it doesn't move. Let's go. Daddy will teach you how to fly!"

Wang Xian led them out.

The two little ones had awakened the cultivation method, but they still needed guidance to control their strength.

Only after the guidance was complete would they be able to unleash the true strength of a demigod.

"Ya Ya, I can fly now. Giggle, Giggle!"

In the afternoon, the two little ones were flying excitedly by the beach.

They were flying excitedly as they were just able to fly.

Wang Xian sat at the top of the villa at the side and watched the two little guys flying in the air.

"Huh?"

At this moment, he saw more than a million figures flying down from the top of the East Heaven Gate of the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace and flying in all directions!

"What happened to the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly. There was a look of astonishment in his eyes.

Yesterday, the gods were fighting with the dark demonic beasts. Today, a million people from the Soaring Heavens Treasure Hall were descending to the ground.

"Dragon King!"

Not long after, Ao Qitian and the rest's voices were heard.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked in front of him.

Three figures appeared. Wang Xian looked over. In the middle of them was Ao Xingmu, who was about 20 meters in size.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the three of them and landed his gaze on Ao Xingmu.

Ao Qitian and Ao Jian's strength had increased by one level. Now, Ao Jian had the strength to fight and even kill a wisp of divine fire god.

As for Ao Qitian, he had a god who could easily kill two wisps of Divine Fire God.

As for Ao Xingmu, his strength was stronger than Wang Xian had expected. In fact, he was even stronger than himself!

Ao Xingmu was the first God in the Dragon Palace who had completely ignited the divine fire.

With the bloodline of the Divine Dragon and the enhancement of the ancestral tree, his strength had reached a terrifying level.

Wang Xian was no match for him, but he had the strength to kill three wisps of the Divine Fire God.

"Not bad!"

Wang Xian glanced at the three of them with a satisfied look on his face. "Has the Guan family and the Lan family been settled?"

"Dragon King, they have settled down. The formation has been brought over!"

Ao qitian nodded immediately.

"Alright, let's set up the formation in the surroundings!"

Wang Xian nodded and called out to the Azure Dragon below.

"Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong came up immediately and cupped his hands at Wang Xian, waiting for instructions.

"Inform the Xue family, Qin family, Wei family, and song family to let them stay in the vicinity of the Villa!"

Wang Xian said to Mo Qinglong.

This time, he asked Ao Qitian to bring along some formations. They were all at the peak of the demigod realm. There were spirit gathering formations, defensive formations, and offensive formations!

Each formation was set up in the surroundings to deal with the dangers below the deity realm.

"Uncle, uncle!"

At this moment, Hua'er and Cai'er's eyes lit up as they sized up the branches below ao Xingmu.

They flew over mischievously and grabbed onto the roots of AO xingmu!

"Hehe, the two little princesses are so cute!"

Ao Xingmu's branches moved and instantly grew a few thousand meters long. With the branches, they formed a small bed and a slide!

"Wow, thank you uncle, thank you uncle!"

"Uncle is better than our Bad Daddi!"

Hua'er's face revealed a happy expression.

Both of them had wood attributes and had absorbed the ancestral tree's energy, so the two little guys would feel extremely close to the Ao Xingmu!