Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1874: Among Xiao Ran’s masters in 1874

The arrival of AO Xingmu had made Hua'er and Cai'er extremely happy!

Ao Xingmu was a wood-attributed demonic beast. His body could grow and expand like a tree.

He could even spread his branches over a radius of more than ten kilometers with ease.

This allowed the two little fellows to play happily on the tree. Even Wang Xian didn't bother him anymore!

"The three of you can find a room to stay in!"

The two little fellows played until night time. Wang Xian called them down and said to Ao Qitian, Ao Jian, and Ao Xingmu.

"Dragon King, let them go into the room. I'll be outside!"

As Ao Xingmu spoke, the roots on his body moved and directly covered the entire villa.

Apart from the windows that didn't cover the sunlight, everything else was covered.

Moreover, in the courtyard, AO Xingmu had used his own branches to make two swings and a few small beds for the two little fellows!

He had also made a slide.

In just a short moment, the entire Villa had become more than ten times more beautiful!

"Wow!"

The two little fellows widened their eyes as they looked at their home that had changed so much. Their faces revealed an extremely pleasantly surprised expression!

"Dragon King, I'm cultivating here. The others want to enter as well!"

Ao Xingmu said to Wang Xian once again.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian looked at the villa that was covered by Ao Xingmu with a satisfied expression on his face.

With Ao Xingmu's ability to cover the entire villa, it would be courting death if anyone below the four wisps of divine fire came to invade!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian carried the two little fellows.

Hua Er had grown up a lot and it was inconvenient to carry her!

"Bad Daddy, if you get uncle to make a beautiful bed for us, we will call you good daddy from now on!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Hua Er hugged Wang Xian's neck and said intimately.

"Then call me good daddy first. I will get uncle to make a beautiful wooden bed for you guys!"

"Wang Xian said with a smile.

"No, no. Let's make the Bad Daddi first before we call them!"

"We'll make them first!"

"No, we'll make them first before we call them!"

Wang Xian and Hua'er came into the room while arguing.

After giving them a sumptuous dinner, Wang Xian carried them into the room.

Ao Xingmu extended a branch through the window and made a very happy wooden bed for them!

"I'll leave it to you to take care of it!"

Looking at Hua Er and Cai er jumping happily on the bed, Wang Xian said to Yao nu who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Yao Nu nodded respectfully and watched Wang Xian leave.

She looked at the bed that was made of the branch and the two little ones on the bed, and her eyes flashed with shock.

Another godly state

She thought to herself. She looked at her hands and started to meditate, coaxing the two little princesses to sleep.

In the end, she held the sedative and began to cultivate.

She also understood that the treasure in her hands was a small favor to her by allowing her to use it for her cultivation!

In the past, due to fear, she felt very fortunate now.

This might be a huge opportunity for her.

"Dragon King, Old Song, Old Xue, Old Qin, and a few people from house Wei are here!"

Just as Wang Xian walked out of the two little princesses'room, Mo Qinglong walked in.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback and immediately walked down.

"Dragon King!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian walking in, everyone immediately stood up!

"Elder Qin, elder Xue, elder Li, Elder song, please take a seat. There's no need to be so polite!"

Wang Xian smiled at them and sat on the sofa in front!

"Dragon King, have you heard about what happened today?"

Elder song asked Wang Xian.

"Oh? What happened? Did the people from the Lingxiao Treasure Hall come down in large numbers?"

Wang Xian looked at them and raised his eyebrows.

"Yes, Dragon King. According to the information we received and the information on the Internet, the gods of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall have ordered a few million disciples from the Lingxiao Treasure Hall to come down!"

"All the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall can establish their own factions, establish their own academies, and occupy the ancient lands of the Divine Mountains. Currently, all the surroundings of the twenty ancient lands have been occupied by the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall!"

"Even today, there were fights between divine sons and Heaven's favorites, and many of them were killed or injured!"

Elder song reported to Wang Xian.

"There are also disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall occupying the ancient lands of our Jiang City?"

Wang Xian looked at elder song and raised his eyebrows.

"Yes, although there are no more treasures in the ancient land of river city, there are already disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace looking for our song family because we are relatively close to an ancient land of Darkness!"

"Currently, there are already demons and monsters coming out from the ancient land of darkness and entering the city. If there isn't a strong force protecting us, the arrival of the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace isn't a bad thing!"

Elder song replied.

"What did the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall Say?"

Wang Xian looked at elder song and gently knocked on the sofa at the side.

"The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall who came to look for our song family have demigod-level existences. However, they belong to a team of divine sons. This divine son founded the heaven-palm sect and established the heaven-palm academy. Jiang city is one of the areas they want to occupy!"

"All the young people can enter the heaven-palm academy to study. Those with outstanding talent will be able to enter the heaven-palm sect!"

Elder song reported to him one by one!

"There are indeed demonic beasts in the dark ancient land that are stirring up trouble. If the Lingxiao Treasured Palace wants to establish an academy in Jiang City, let them do so. Even if they have to pay some items, they can do so. After all, they will be responsible for the attacks of those demonic beasts when they occupy Jiang City!"

Wang Xian told Elder song and the rest directly.

Since Wang Xian had returned to Earth this time, the most he could do was to rebuild the Undersea Dragon Palace in the Ocean of Earth in the future. He did not intend to dominate the city.

He did not have that much time to exterminate the demonic beasts. As long as the people of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace did not provoke him or do anything that would anger the heavens and people, he would not care about it!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Elder song and the rest nodded slightly.

They understood Wang Xian as well. Back then, the Dragon King suppressed the entire earth and didn't dominate the land. They weren't surprised by his attitude now.

"Build a residence by the sea and move your families here. The formation here will be ready in a few days!"

Wang Xian said to them!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Elder song and the rest nodded with excitement on their faces.

Living on the Dragon King's side, they were safe no matter how abnormal the earth was or how chaotic the outside world was!

"We'll take our Leave Now!"

After chatting for a while, everyone took their leave.

Wang Xian took out his phone and looked at the situation on Earth!

"The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace have arrived. The situation has changed!"

"A group of divine sons have occupied the Divine Mountain and established their own forces. They are awe-inspiring!"

"The disciples of the Lingxiao treasured palace have entered the city to guard the city and protect the region!"

"The mysterious young master of the Shenfeng Group has made a move and severely injured the experts of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace on the god Ascension Board. It has shocked the world!"

All kinds of information kept appearing. Wang Xian checked it and then turned off his phone!

As long as the earth changes and doesn't provoke him, everything will be fine!