Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1875: 1875, under Xiao Ran’s master

"River City is only a small city on Earth. The divine kingdom here has been completely destroyed. There are no treasures inside!"

"Yesterday, River City seemed to have been occupied by the seventh son of God, Qin Yongge. Now, this place belongs to Qin Yongge!"

"Xiao ran, what friends are you visiting in River City? Relatives?"

In the early morning of the next day, nine figures flew down from the sky below Ling Xiao Bao.

Qing Qing looked at Xiao ran and asked curiously.

"Jiang City is my master's home. Some of my master's subordinates are now living in Jiang City!"

Xiao ran looked at the city below and said emotionally.

"Your master?"

Ji Lingfei blinked her eyes curiously and looked at Xiao ran!

"I haven't seen my master for more than ten years. I'm afraid it will be very difficult to see him again in the future!"

Xiao ran looked at Ji Lingfei with a slightly sad look. Scenes from the past appeared in his mind!

"Is he dead? Xiao ran, with your talent, you can definitely find a good master in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, but you don't want to. HMPH, look at you now!"

Qing Qing, who was by the side, glanced at Xiao ran and said with slight contempt.

Among the group of them, Xiao Ran and Liu Mengxin were the weakest.

Even Qing Qing's strength had already reached the seventh level of the profound void tier!

"Xiao ran, why don't we go and pay our respects to him, and I'll find you a Master?"

Ji Lingfei looked at Xiao ran and said to him!

"Thank you, but there's no need. There's only one master, just like Father!"

Xiao ran immediately shook his head.

Ji Lingfei heard his words and frowned slightly. She sighed softly in her heart.

"You don't have a good master to teach you. Unless you can obtain a huge opportunity in the future, otherwise..."

She said softly.

Although she appreciated Xiao ran's kindness, she did not want him to be mediocre. Otherwise, even if she fought for it, her father would not...

"Opportunity? My master once relied on his own strength to suppress an entire lifetime. I believe that I can obtain my own opportunity. I also believe that I, the disciple of the Dragon King, am not inferior to others!"

Xiao Ran's eyes revealed a determined expression.

His former master was an existence that he had always looked up to.

His master was able to suppress an entire generation from an ordinary student. As his disciple, why couldn't he?

"Hehe, what suppress an entire lifetime? In the past, your planet was as weak as a rookie. I heard that Xiao Ran, you were also invincible in the world with a single glance. Aren't you still invincible now? Hehe! Not Inferior to others?"

"Even if that master of yours is still alive, what? Can he still compete with us? With the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Just as Xiao ran finished speaking, a young man's slightly disdainful voice sounded from the side.

His words caused the expressions of Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin to change slightly, and they immediately turned gloomy!

"Only when there is pressure will there be motivation!"

A trace of coldness flashed across Ji Lingfei's eyes, but she said indifferently to Xiao ran.

"Yes!"

Xiao ran smiled at her and looked at his sister beside him. "Let's contact the leader of Azure Dragon ahead of time. We haven't contacted him for a few years. I don't know if we can still contact him!"

Liu Mengxin nodded, took out her phone, found Azure Dragon's number, and sent a few messages.

"Huh?"

At that moment, Azure Dragon, who was in the villa, saw the message on his phone and was momentarily stunned!

"Dragon King!"

He quickly went to the living room and shouted happily, "Dragon King, Xiao ran and his sister sent a message. They said that they are on their way to Jiang City and they want to meet us!"

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard the news. He raised his eyebrows and asked, "Xiao Ran? I haven't seen her for more than ten years. I wonder how that Little Girl is doing?"

"There's also that little girl, Liu Mengxin. Back then, she was taken in as a disciple by Lingxiu. She must have grown up to be a big girl now!"

He mumbled as a smile appeared on his face.

"The last contact was three years ago. It seems that the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace have come out this time as well!"

Mo Qinglong laughed at the side and said, "The Little Xiao ran from back then has become a handsome young man now. Dragon King, I will be at the seaside to welcome them. If they know that you are back, they will definitely be very happy!"

As Mo Qinglong spoke, he immediately sent a message to Liu Mengxin, Xiao ran, and the rest. Then, he walked out of the door! 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"I wonder how Xiao ran is doing now?"

Wang Xian recalled the in-name disciple he took in back then. When he left, he was not even seventeen years old.

Now, more than ten years had passed. He was already twenty-seven or twenty-eight years old.

Time had changed!

"Brother, the demon leader has regained his confidence. He told us to go to the coastal area. He is waiting for us there!"

In the sky, Liu Mengxin said in surprise.

"Okay, let's speed up!"

Xiao Ran's face revealed a trace of joy as he sped up his flight!

"I hope that you can catch up quickly. After this, we will go to some Divine Mountains and divine kingdoms to stroll around!"

Behind them, Gu Xingkong said indifferently to Xiao ran!

"If you guys can't Wait, you can leave First!"

Ji Lingfei glanced at Gu Xingkong and said directly.

This caused his expression to change slightly, and it didn't look good.

Towards Ji Lingfei, his heart palpitated slightly, but unfortunately, Ji Lingfei treated him very coldly.

That coldness had a feeling that even if you stood in front of her, you would still feel as if you were ten thousand li away.

This made his expression extremely ugly. He looked at Qing Qing beside him.

"Sister Ji Lingfei, it's so lively with so many people. Brother Starry Sky and the others are accompanying us. We are also much safer!"

Qing Qing helplessly gestured to lone starry sky and said to Ji Lingfei.

"Yes!"

Ji Lingfei and Qing Qing's relationship was obviously very good. She nodded slightly.

"Brother, leader Mo is over there!"

Half an hour later, Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin saw the figure by the sea and revealed excited expressions!

"Let's Go!"

Their bodies moved and landed on the rocks by the sea!

"Leader Mo!"

The two landed in front of Mo Qinglong and walked over to Shout!

"It's good that you're here. Haha, let me tell you some good news!"

Mo Qinglong looked at the two of them and said with a laugh, "The Dragon King Is Here!"

"What?"

"What?"

Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin were instantly stunned, followed by an extremely excited expression on their faces.

"Master is here, master is back!"

Xiao ran kept asking Mo Qinglong excitedly.

Back when Sea God destroyed the Dragon Palace with one move, everyone thought that the Dragon King had already been killed.

If it weren't for the Azure Demon Dragon telling them that the Dragon King wasn't dead, Xiao ran would have thought that his master had already died!

However, there hadn't been any signs of life for more than ten years. He thought that even if he didn't die, he would probably...

Now, he didn't think that his master was still alive!

"Oh? Xiao ran's master is still alive? Interesting, Hehe!"

The young men and women behind him heard their words and revealed faint smiles on their faces.

The smile contained a trace of curiosity and amusement!

As for whether there was any other meaning in the smile, perhaps it was also somewhat contemptuous!