Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1876: 1876 ji Lingfei was shocked

Xiao ran's master, a person from Earth, no matter how strong he was, how strong could he be?

Not to mention in Gu Xingkong's opinion, the other party's strength was 90% inferior to his own strength!

Towards a master like Xiao ran, he naturally did not take it to heart in the slightest.

Ji Lingfei slightly raised her brows at the side. She was somewhat curious about what kind of person would be able to teach such an outstanding disciple like Xiao ran.

"Demon Leader, where is Master? We will go there immediately!"

Xiao ran hurriedly urged demon Azure Dragon.

"Haha, Okay, okay. Follow Me!"

Demon Azure Dragon nodded and led them to the villa by the sea.

"Hehe, Xiao Ran, your master is really lucky to have a disciple like you!"

Ji Lingfei looked at Xiao ran's anxious look and said with a smile!

"It's My Luck!"

Xiao ran turned to look at Ji Lingfei and said seriously!

"Yes, yes!"

Ji Lingfei did not refute him and nodded with a smile.

In her opinion, it was a blessing for that person to have a disciple like Xiao ran.

Mo Qinglong led them to the entrance of the villa. He paused and looked at the people behind Xiao ran!

"Xiao Ran, you can go in with Mengxin. The others can wait outside!"

Mo Qinglong said to Xiao Ran and Liu Mengxin.

With the identity of the Dragon King, they were not allowed to enter!

"Okay!"

Xiao ran nodded and looked at Ji Lingfei and the others. The meaning was obvious.

"Leader Mo, Lingfei is one of us!"

Liu Mengxin held Ji Lingfei's arm and hurriedly said to Mo Qinglong.

As he spoke, he winked at Mo Qinglong.

"Haha, Good, good. Xiao ran has grown up!"

Mo Qinglong understood and laughed loudly as he patted Xiao ran on the shoulder.

This caused Xiao ran to be slightly dumbfounded!

"What? We Can't enter? Why Don't you take a look at our status? You actually won't let us in..."

"Xiao ran is going to see Master. You guys can wait here!"

A young man said with slight displeasure.

What was the other party's status? What were their status? They were actually not allowed to enter? How interesting!

However, before he could finish speaking, he was directly interrupted by Ji Lingfei!

The young man opened his mouth, and Qing Qing immediately glared at him from the side.

"Xiao ran said that his master once suppressed an entire lifetime. Xiao ran, ask your master if he has time to spar!"

Gu Xingkong said expressionlessly from the side!

"Let's Go!"

Xiao ran glanced at him, then looked at his sister. After a moment of hesitation, he also said to Ji Lingfei.

"Yes!"

Ji Lingfei smiled and nodded, stroking her long hair!

"Let's go in, Xiao ran. The Dragon King has only been back for a few days, and I was asking about you yesterday. I was also very happy when I heard that you came!"

Mo Qinglong led the way inside, and Xiao ran and the others immediately followed!

"What? I don't know why Ji Lingfei likes that Kid, Xiao ran. HMPH, Brother Starry Sky, what's so good about that Ji Lingfei? Isn't she just a little stronger? How can she be so cold to brother starry sky!"

A young man saw them walk in and his group was blocked outside the door. His expression was somewhat awkward.

Gu Xingkong was expressionless. It could be seen that he wasn't in a good mood.

"Brother xingkong, I can't help it. Sister Ji Lingfei is like this, not to one of your divine sons, but to the other divine sons as well!"

"I also don't understand why she likes that guy, Xiao ran. The story of the Cowherd and the Weaver Girl Won't Happen!"

Qing Qing shrugged at Gu Xingkong and said helplessly.

She also didn't understand why a goddess with extraordinary status and extraordinary strength liked a weak guy.

"Brother Xingkong, why don't we leave? The other divine sons and some guys have already established extraordinary forces. After you become a god and become an ancestor, Ji Lingfei might surround you herself!"

A woman said to Gu Xingkong.

"I'm not willing to leave like this. Let's wait another two days!"

Gu Xingkong's eyes flashed with a cold light as he said indifferently.

"Yes!"

The surrounding young men and women nodded.

"It's been more than ten years!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Xiao ran, who had entered the villa's courtyard, felt his footsteps become somewhat heavy. His eyes were slightly moist as he looked at the villa's hall in front of him!

"Let's go in!"

Mo Qinglong let Xiao ran and the others walk in front of him as he said with a smile.

"Yes!"

Xiao ran took a deep breath and walked straight into the house.

"Yes?"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei, who was following beside him, was slightly stunned. She raised her head and looked at the branches that were twining around the villa.

A hint of doubt and contemplation appeared in her eyes. However, before she could think too much, she entered the villa.

It was an incomparably luxurious villa. However, in their eyes, this villa was just an ordinary item from Earth.

A young man was sitting on the sofa in the middle. He was drinking tea and looking at his cell phone.

When they saw the cell phone in the young man's hand, they felt that it was slightly familiar. It seemed to be similar to the communication cell phone that was specially used by their Ling Xiao Palace!

However, their focus was not on the cell phone!

The young man looked extremely young. He even looked to be about the same age as Xiao ran.

This made Ji Lingfei slightly stunned. This master of Xiao ran was different from her impression!

"Master!"

At this moment, when Xiao ran saw Wang Xian, he revealed an excited expression.

He quickened his pace with a sobbing tone and knelt on the ground with a thud!

Liu mengxin, who was following beside him, also knelt on the ground with her brother!

"Master!"

Xiao ran shouted again and kowtowed to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked at Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"It's been more than ten years. You've grown up. Stand Up and let master take a look!"

Wang Xian didn't stop them from kneeling and kowtowing. He said with a smile on his face!

"Yes, it's Master!"

Xiao ran could not help but shed tears as he stood up slowly. Liu mengxin, who was beside him, stood up as well.

"Not bad, not bad. You're almost taller than master. You're quite handsome. Mengxin is also pretty. Both of you are quite good-looking!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said with a smile on his face.

"Master!"

Xiao ran lowered his head shyly when he heard Wang Xian's compliment.

"You're already so old yet you're still so shy. How did you find a girlfriend?"

Wang Xian laughed out loud and his gaze landed on the woman behind them.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly the moment he saw Ji Lingfei!

"Master, this is brother's friend!"

Liu Mengxin immediately introduced him when she saw Wang Xian's gaze!

"Friend, not bad, not bad. Haha, Xiao ran has really grown up!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at Xiao ran. "Sure, sure. You have some of my elegance!"

"Master, don't think too much. Ji Lingfei and I are just friends. Miss Ji is a famous person in our Lingxiao Palace!"

Xiao ran hurriedly explained when he saw Wang Xian's gaze!

As he spoke, a hint of disappointment appeared in his eyes.

"Hello, Master. My name is Ji Lingfei. I am Xiao Ran's friend!"

Ji Lingfei gracefully bowed to Wang Xian and said with a smile.

At the same time, she was a little surprised that she didn't see through master Xiao Ran's realm.

The other party seemed to be an ordinary person!

Could it be that after master Xiao ran died, he really became an ordinary person?