Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1877: Ji Lingfei from 1877 was stunned

"Xiao Ran, your friend is called Ji Lingfei? Haha, sure, Sure!"

When Wang Xian heard Xiao ran's words and Ji Lingfei's self-introduction, he laughed out loud and stood up.

He stood up and walked to Xiao Ran's side. Then, he patted his shoulder lightly!

"Xiao ran, are you feeling a little pressured? Only with pressure can you have motivation?"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at Ji Lingfei and said, "You have to grasp hold of such a good lady!"

Xiao ran was slightly taken aback. When he heard his master's words, his face turned red and filled with embarrassment.

"Master, it's not what you think!"

He said hurriedly with a red face.

"Huh? Master, have you heard of me?"

However, Ji Lingfei who was standing at the side was slightly taken aback when she heard Wang Xian's words!

This master of Xiao ran seemed to have some understanding after hearing her name. How did he know about her?

Even in the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace, she had only become slightly more active in the past one to two years.

"I've heard about it before!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and didn't explain too much.

He didn't hear about it before. Instead, he took out a cell phone when he heard about Xiao Ran's arrival.

This cell phone belonged to the person who killed the fifth son of deity of the Ling Xiao Palace. There was some information about the Ling Xiao Palace in the cell phone.

Wang Xian happened to see some of it. He also knew a little about the name of Ji Lingfei.

In the cell phone of the son of deity, Wang Xian learned that the woman in front of him seemed to be very mysterious in the Ling Xiao Palace and had a very deep background.

Now, Wang Xian didn't expect that the lady seemed to have an ambiguous relationship with his disciple.

It seemed that Xiao ran would be under a lot of pressure in the future!

Ji Lingfei's eyes flickered when she heard Wang Xian's explanation. She didn't probe further.

However, at this moment, she felt that Xiao Ran's master was a little mysterious!

"His strength is at the sixth level of the void interpretation stage. His cultivation level is a little low!"

Wang Xian turned his gaze to Xiao ran and said faintly to him.

"Master, I have embarrassed you!"

Xiao ran's expression changed slightly when he heard Wang Xian's words. He wanted to kneel down immediately!

"Master, Xiao ran..."

"Don't speak!"

Ji Lingfei said immediately when she saw Xiao ran kneeling down!

However, Wang Xian interrupted him before he could finish his sentence!

"Ji Lingfei!"

Xiao ran was half-kneeling on the ground as he glared at her sternly.

Ji Lingfei was slightly taken aback. When she recalled how Xiao ran respected her master, she quickly shut her mouth and didn't speak anymore.

"If there weren't any changes on Earth, you wouldn't be able to reach the sixth level of the Seethrough Void Tier. However, now that there are changes on Earth, your strength can't keep up with the rest. You're a little weak!"

"No matter what, you used to have the conditions and strength that others didn't have!"

Wang Xian looked at Xiao ran and said indifferently.

Speaking of which, he wasn't very satisfied with Xiao ran's current strength. In fact, he even thought that he was a little weak.

The other Heaven's favorites had the peak of the Seethrough realm and the demigod realm. However, the disciple of the Dragon King was only at the sixth level of the Seethrough realm!

Even though he had not been around for more than ten years, his strength was indeed a disgrace to him.

Even if he could not reach the level of the son of deity, he had to be a heaven's favorite!

"Master, Xiao ran is incompetent!"

Xiao ran lowered his head and said in embarrassment.

Liu Mengxin, who was standing at the side, looked at her brother and did not dare to say anything.

Ji lingfei frowned. She was slightly dissatisfied with Wang Xian and also had some doubts.

"Although I've said before that I'll have to depend on myself for my future cultivation, you're my only disciple after all, even if you're just an in-name disciple!"

"Get up. Go to the roof of the villa and consume this fruit!"

As Wang Xian spoke, three fruits appeared in his palm.

One eternal fire embryo and two fruits that consumed the eternal fire embryo. These were the fruits borne by a few branches of the ancestral tree.

Each fruit could be said to be the most precious treasure in the world.

The eternal fire embryo could transform a person's body into the physique of the fire origin. If it was placed in the entire universe, it would definitely cause gods and even stronger existences to fight for it.

Consuming the womb in the womb could increase one's comprehension and spirituality. As for how much it could increase, Wang Xian had no idea.

However, to be able to be on the same level as the eternal fire embryo, Nirvana Thunder embryo, and soul-returning embryo, it must be absolutely terrifying!

The moment the three fruits appeared, the entire world seemed to be centered around these three fruits.

The fruits, which were filled with divinity and mysterious powers, immediately attracted ji Lingfei's attention.

Slowly, a look of horror appeared on her face.

"Xiao ran, you've consumed these two fruits. Meng Xin, you've consumed this fruit. However, there are no people with the light attribute for the time being. When your master arrives in the future, let her teach you properly!"

Wang Xian passed the fruits to them and continued, "Go to the roof of the villa and consume it. Be careful, there's only one fruit!"

There were only eight fruits in the entire dragon palace. Ao Qitian had consumed two fruits and gave three fruits to Xiao ran and his sister.

Even Wang Xian valued these fruits very much and reminded them to be careful.

"Thank you, Master!"

"Thank you, Master!"

Xiao ran saw the fruit that his master passed to him. He could feel a powerful energy that he could not describe from within the fruit. He spoke to Wang Xian heavily.

Liu Mengxin was the same!

"Go!"

Wang Xian waved at them.

"It's Master!"

"It's Master!"

The two of them immediately walked to the top floor of the villa and consumed the fruit. With Ao Xingmu watching over them, nothing would happen.

"Miss Ji, have a seat. Qinglong, pour her a cup of tea!"

Wang Xian gestured to Ji Lingfei and ordered Mo Qinglong.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong nodded and poured ji lingfei a cup of tea!

Ji Lingfei also sat down on the sofa across from them!

"I won't ask about you and Xiao ran. In the future, he should be able to match you!"

"This is our first time meeting. As your master, I should at least give you some gifts. However, with your status, I don't know what to give you!"

"Some heaven marrow water can help you recover quickly!" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm and a porcelain bottle landed in front of Ji Lingfei!

Boom

However, the moment Ji Lingfei heard Wang Xian's words, she stood up immediately.

She widened her eyes and stared at Wang Xian in disbelief. Her body was trembling slightly.

There were very few people who could shock her so much!

"Don't be surprised. I don't want to know about your background and identity!"

Looking down at her shocked expression, she smiled faintly and gestured to the Teacup in front of her. "Have a cup of tea!"

"Teacher, you, you..."

She widened her eyes and stared at Wang Xian. She addressed him as 'teacher'from the bottom of her heart.

Earlier, she addressed him as 'teacher'because of Xiao ran. Xiao ran addressed him as her disciple's teacher. It was impossible for her to address him as 'teacher'. She could only address him as 'teacher'!

Now, her heart was filled with shock!

This young man in front of her, Xiao Ran's teacher, had actually seen through her. He had completely seen through her identity!

She, Ji Lingfei, the fallen God's one drop of blood resurrector!

This was her greatest identity!