Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1878: Challenge 1878? Go

Everyone in the Skyscraping Hall knew that Ji Lingfei had a powerful background, but no one knew that she not only had a powerful background, but also her own strength!

Her fall was on her way to Earth. It had taken her two thousand years to recover to her current state.

Only the gods of the Skyscraping Hall knew this news. No one else would know.

However, this Xiao Ran's master in front of her had seen through her identity at a glance.

This made her extremely shocked.

Wang Xian smiled faintly when he saw the shocked look on her face.

The current her was completely different from the calm and indifferent look she had earlier.

The sense of superiority and superiority that she had in her heart was completely crushed by Wang Xian at this moment.

A master is a master. Your Grandpa is still your grandpa!

"Huff!"

She took a deep breath and adjusted her state of mind. She squeezed out a smile and said, "Thank you, teacher!"

"No Need!"

Wang Xian shook his head indifferently. He picked up the Teacup and gestured at her.

Ji Lingfei immediately picked it up and nodded with a smile. The elders wouldn't dare to refuse a toast!

This Xiao Ran's master in front of her was definitely not simple. She was almost certain that even when she was at her peak, she wouldn't be able to see through this young man.

"Bad Daddi, Bad Daddi!"

At this moment, Hua'er's voice came from the staircase of the villa.

The little girl was wearing a Lolita outfit and ran over excitedly.

Her body size had increased and her strength had reached the first level of the demigod realm. This made her body very flexible.

"Hua'er, Cai'er, slow down!"

Wang Xian saw them pouncing at him and stretched out his arms to hug them!

"Let's go out and play. Let's go out and play!"

They held onto Wang Xian's arms and ran out.

"Alright, Alright. Shall we have breakfast?"

Wang Xian stood up and asked them.

"We're not hungry!"

The two little princesses said loudly.

"Alright, Alright. Let's go and play. Let's greet your sister First!"

Wang Xian held their hands and continued.

"Hello, Sister. It's so fun outside. Let's go and play together!"

Cai'er looked at Ji Lingfei who was on the sofa and greeted her with a smile!

"Hehe, sure, sure!"

Ji Lingfei's gaze was fixed on Hua'er and Cai'er. She stood up unconsciously.

"Let's Go Play!"

Hua'er pulled Wang Xian out excitedly.

"It can't be. It must be an illusion. It must be!"

Seeing Hua'er, Cai'er, and Wang Xian leave, she shook her head in a Daze!

The scene in front of her made her feel a little incredulous.

She actually felt a sense of familiarity from the two little girls.

This sense of familiarity was not because they were familiar with each other, but because they seemed to be in the same situation as her.

This...

She took another deep breath and walked out.

However, at this moment, she also noticed the gift that master Xiao ran gave her.

Her pupils constricted slightly. She picked up the bottle on the table and stared blankly at the heavenly marrow water inside!

"Heavenly marrow water can only be found in the boundless sea. Xiao ran's master is from Earth. How could he have it?"

"Among all the gods that descended this time, only sea god has such a god-level treasure!"

At the thought of this, his body trembled. His pupils slowly dilated, and his eyes were filled with shock.

Sea God had already fallen. She had long since learned of this news.

However, she did not know who had killed the sea god or who had killed him.

Looking at the heavenly marrow water in her hands, Ji Lingfei already had some answers in her heart.

"Dragon King, suppress the world for a Lifetime!"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei thought of Xiao Ran's evaluation of her master.

Suppress the world for a lifetime!

"How can there be such a terrifying local figure on earth? This..."

Her expression changed drastically. She adjusted her clothes and walked out.

Standing at the entrance of the villa, she saw the two little girls playing on the swing. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The little girls were exceptionally cute, just like porcelain dolls. She could tell that the bodies of the two little girls were pure and flawless, without any impurities.

This feeling was very similar to her.

"Is it my illusion, or is it because of his existence?"

Ji Lingfei looked at Wang Xian who was standing at the side and frowned slightly.

With her previous strength and her horizons, she shouldn't be so confused on this earth.

However, she was completely stunned as she stood there.

"HMM? Who are those people in the Villa?"

At this moment, Gu Xingkong and the rest of the six of them were waiting outside the villa impatiently.

When they heard the voices coming from the villa's courtyard, they looked over.

From the outside, he could see Wang Xianyao and the two children inside.

"F * ck, who knows who it is that wants us to stand outside? With Brother Xingkong's status, where on earth don't they have to kneel down and welcome us?"

A young man beside them said with a bad expression.

Ever since they were refused entry outside, they didn't look too good.

"Dad, we want to fly in the sky, fly in the sky!"

After playing for a while, Cai'er flew down from the swing and ran outside.

Hua'er followed closely behind her sister and shouted out loud as well.

Ever since these two little guys could fly in the sky and learned how to fly, they couldn't have enough fun even after flying for a long time yesterday.

The two of them ran outside while Yao nu immediately followed behind them!

Wang Xian followed them with a smile.

Ji Lingfei, who was standing at the door, didn't seem to notice that they were walking outside.

At this moment, she was attracted by something again.

She stared blankly at the branches on the wall of the villa and at the branches that were woven into a swing.

Her expression changed as she walked towards the position of the swing.

When she arrived beside the swing, she hesitated for a moment before placing her hands on it.

"Ah!"

The instant her hands touched the swing's branches, her palms felt an incomparably sharp pain.

She hurriedly retracted her arms. When she saw the wound on her palms, her expression changed slightly.

She was a revived God. Even if her current strength wasn't as strong as before, she was still a demigod rank 4 expert.

With her physical body, she was actually stabbed by a vine!

This made her extremely shocked. This vine might be a demonic beast, and its strength was absolutely terrifying!

"Who are you guys to master Xiao Ran? What are Xiao ran and the girl in blue doing?"

At this moment, she heard a voice from outside. She was slightly stunned and immediately walked over.

At this moment, Wang Xian, who had just walked out with the two little fellows, was immediately stopped by a group of people at the entrance of the villa.

This made him slightly stunned. He sized up the three men and three women in front of him

His gaze landed on Gu Xingkong in the middle. His clothes gave him a sense of familiarity.

"I am Xiao Ran's Master!"