Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1879: Challenge No. 1879? down

Wang Xian looked at the group of young men and women in front of him indifferently.

From their attire and attire, he recognized them at a glance. They were the disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

Gu Xingkong and the rest were slightly stunned when they heard Wang Xian's words.

They were already displeased and impatient to be asked to wait outside.

When they saw someone walking out of the villa, a young man immediately walked over and stopped them!

However, what they didn't expect was that the person in front of them actually said that he was Xiao Ran's master!

"You bunch of people, make way!"

Hua Er pouted and said with slight dissatisfaction when she saw the six of them blocking in front of them.

"Xiao Ran's master. Interesting, interesting. We never expected that Xiao ran's master would be so young. Haha!"

A young man sized up Wang Xian and laughed out loud.

"You guys are Xiao Ran's friends?"

Wang Xian glanced at them and asked indifferently.

"That kind of trash doesn't have the right to be our friends!"

The long-haired young man who spoke stared at him and said indifferently.

"HMM?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly.

"I heard from Xiao ran that his master has been suppressing his entire life. I am very curious. I am the divine son of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, Gu Xingkong. I want to challenge this person who has been suppressing his entire life!"

Gu Xingkong slowly took two steps towards Wang Xian. He was about 1.9 meters tall. As he looked down, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

"Brother Xingkong, just reveal your name. Don't scare them into kneeling down. Haha. Furthermore, how would he dare to agree to a challenge from a nobody? He doesn't have the qualifications to fight you either!"

The young man who had just started speaking spoke, he sized up Wang Xian and said, "Brother Xingkong, let me do it. I Am Wu Zian, a disciple of the Lingxiao Palace. This powerhouse who has suppressed his entire life. Let's Spar. If not, I can let you have one hand. Haha!"

As Wu Zian spoke, an unbridled smile appeared on his face.

Because of Ji Lingfei, they were already very displeased with Xiao ran.

They were also filled with curiosity and disdain towards Xiao ran's master who had once suppressed them for a lifetime.

If they were to humiliate Xiao Ran's master today, it would definitely be very interesting!

"You guys don't have the qualifications to challenge our Dragon King!"

Before Wang Xian could speak, Yao Nu, who was at the side, stared coldly at Wu Zian. Her body exuded a wood attribute sharpness!

Her eyes were filled with disdain as she stared at the few reckless young men and women in front of her.

Challenging the Dragon King was courting death!

The son of deity? He would be killed without the Dragon King's Help!

"Huh?"

Yao Nu's words stunned Wu Zian. He turned around and looked at her, narrowing his eyes slightly.

"What a pretty lady. TSK TSK, there's a good saying on Earth, 'Big Breasts but no brains'. Haha!"

"Haha, she actually said that I'm not qualified. Then I'll have to challenge her even more. When this world-suppressing powerhouse kneels in front of me in a while, I wonder if I'm qualified!"

Wu Zian laughed and said loudly. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

He was the elite among the millions of disciples in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. He was ranked in the top 50, yet he was said to be not qualified!

It was really laughable.

"She is Yao Nu, the favored son of heaven on the prodigy roll. Her strength is at the eighth level of the insightful void tier!"

At this moment, another young man suddenly said in a low voice. He stared at Yao Nu with a trace of solemnity and surprise in his eyes.

"Eh? Favored Son of Heaven? Yao Nu?"

Wu Zian was slightly stunned when he heard his companion's words.

The favored son of heaven and the others naturally knew that every favored son of heaven was a young man who had obtained a great opportunity on Earth.

Their strength was no weaker than the powerful disciples in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. The top few existences were even comparable to divine sons.

"Get lost quickly!"

Yao Nu was not the slightest bit surprised when she heard that they recognized her identity.

After all, just like divine sons, their fame as Heaven's favored ones was not weak.

Especially her, the heaven's favored one. Her photos were everywhere on the internet.

She coldly shouted at the people from the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

"Interesting, I didn't expect to meet a proud daughter of the heavens!"

Gu Xingkong looked at the corner of Yao Nu's mouth, his eyes shining. "However, a proud son of the heavens at the eighth level of the Seethrough void tier is not enough to make us scram!"

"The so-called proud daughter of the heavens is only on earth. Hehe, I'd like to see it!"

Behind Gu Xingkong, a woman walked over and sized up Yao nu!

"So, are you guys not going to make way?"

Yao Nu saw them standing there with a provocative look in their eyes.

"To have a favored daughter of heaven by his side, it seems like Xiao Ran's master isn't so useless. Let's Spar!"

Gu Xingkong stared at Wang Xian and said faintly.

Today, he would definitely humiliate Xiao ran's master and embarrass him!

"You bunch of bad guys, get out of the way!"

At this moment, Hua Er, who was by the side, was a little unhappy!

The little girl had her hands on her waist and a fierce look appeared on her face. That look of hers was extremely fierce!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at their arrogant expressions and a hint of coldness appeared in his eyes.

"You don't know what's good for you!"

At this moment, Yao Nu's palm moved and the god-beating palm in her hand directly attacked the group of people in front of her!

Wang Xian stood there and didn't move when he saw Yao nu making her move. He just watched quietly!

"She actually dares to attack us. I really want to experience the strength of a heaven's favored daughter!"

The woman standing beside Gu Xingkong stared at Yao Nuan. With a wave of her hand, a sky-blue sharp sword appeared in her hand and met the attack head-on.

"Hey, hey, don't injure her. Otherwise, sister Ji Lingfei will blame me later!"

Qing Qing, who was at the side, shouted at them helplessly when she saw them making a move.

Even though she knew that the other party had a proud daughter of the heavens, she still did not think that the other party was a match for them.

They knew the strength of their group!

"Ka Ka!"

Yao Nu saw that the woman at the 8th level of the profound void martial stage was attacking her, and her eyes were filled with disdain.

The god-striking sword in her hand collided with the blue sword.

In an instant, under the shocked gazes of everyone around, the sky blue sword directly collapsed.

The god Slayer landed directly on the woman's arm!

"Ah!"

A scream sounded out as the woman's arm was instantly reduced to ashes.

This scene caused all of them to reveal expressions of shock!

"Damn it, what a ruthless method. How dare you injure a disciple of the Lingxiao treasured palace? Go To Hell!"

The expressions of Gu Xingkong and the others changed drastically. Looking at their companions'miserable state, a terrifying killing intent instantly burst forth from their bodies.

"Clang!"

Sharp swords and weapons appeared in their hands one after another, and their cold gazes locked onto Yao nu!

"You bunch of bad guys are bullying big sister Yao nu!"

At this moment, they saw a group of people attacking Yao Nu.

Hua'er and Cai'er's small faces were slightly red, and they revealed furious expressions.

At the same time, a powerful wood attribute energy began to gather within their bodies!