Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1880: 1880. Fierce Milk and special hobbies

Ever since Hua Er and Cai er woke up, Yao Nu had been staying close to them.

From the two little girls'point of view, other than their Bad Daddi, Yao Nu was probably the closest person to them.

When the two little girls saw the group attack Yao Nu, they were very angry.

They showed fierce expressions on their faces and puffed up their little faces, expressing their abnormal anger!

In their bodies, waves of powerful wood elemental energy began to gather.

In their minds, the battle memories that came from the bottom of their hearts were awakened one by one.

Wang Xian noticed the changes in the two little girls'bodies at the first instance. He raised his eyebrows slightly and stood there without moving!

With Yao Nu's current strength, with the god-striking branch in her hand, anyone under the godly state who was hit by her vital parts would be turned into ashes!

The powerful one was not yao nu, but the god-striking branch in her hand.

God-striking branch. From these two names, one could see how powerful this branch was!

It could hit any God!

It could also hit any divine weapon!

Of course, there was a prerequisite. The god-striking branch could land on the body of a god or a divine weapon.

Currently, this god-striking branch was still a little weak. According to Wang Xian's guess, when he used it, the god with five wisps of divine fire would be severely injured if his vital parts were hit!

The divine weapon of five wisps of divine fire could be destroyed directly!

The branches that could be absorbed by the ancestral tree were all extraordinary!

This was also the main reason why Yaonu shattered the woman's sharp sword and arms during the battle just now.

When Yaonu saw the power of the god-slaying branch in her hand, she was also extremely shocked.

However, when she saw the other four young men and women, including the son of deity, making a move, her expression changed slightly.

However, there was not much fear on her face.

Not to mention that the Dragon King was right beside her, holding the god striking branch in his hand. Now that her cultivation had also risen to the ninth level of the profound void tier, she was full of confidence to fight across realms!

Facing the divine son, she was not afraid at all!

"Die for me, Brahma Sword!"

Gu Xingkong's eyes were filled with killing intent and ruthlessness when he saw the jade lady's chosen heavily injuring her companion.

A wide and sharp sword appeared in his hand.

The sharp sword was filled with unique characters!

He waved his hand and the Brahma sword instantly grew in size. It was burning with raging flames as it headed straight for Yao Nuan.

At the side, the other three men and women were also holding sharp swords as they attacked Yao Nuan.

"HMPH, you're courting death!"

Yao Nu held the god-striking branch in her hand. Facing the Brahma sword that was attacking her, she didn't show any fear and directly attacked!

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

The moment the god-striking branch landed on the Brahma sword, the sound of it collapsing was heard again.

The seemingly powerful Brahma sword immediately shattered the moment it touched the god-striking branch!

"What?"

At this moment, Gu Xingkong's expression changed drastically when he saw his sharp sword collapse!

This was a weapon that he had chosen after becoming the third divine son in the treasure vault of the Lingxiao Palace. This was a demigod-level spiritual weapon.

Now, it actually collapsed in an instant. His eyes were filled with disbelief!

"You deserve to die!"

He roared loudly with a ferocious expression.

This was his strongest weapon, yet it had actually collapsed!

"Don't touch the weapon in her hand, don't use your weapon to clash head-on!" 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He roared with a gloomy expression, his body retreating backwards.

At the same time, torrential flames shot towards Yao Nuan.

The other three young men and women saw the miserable state of Gu Xingkong's weapon and hurriedly withdrew their weapons, retreating backwards as well.

They released their divine abilities and launched long-range attacks!

"Weng!"

Yao Nu's expression changed slightly when she saw that the other party had directly released their divine abilities and launched long-range attacks.

Her strength was, after all, at the ninth level of the profound void tier, two realms away from the first level demigod, Lone Star Sky!

The other three men and women were not much weaker than him.

She held the god-striking hand and directly supported herself in the sky.

A dark green defense was formed, and divine abilities landed on it, causing it to slowly crack open.

Yao Nu's expression changed drastically, and she hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Boom!"

The attack landed on the ground of the villa, instantly revealing a hundred-meter-deep pit!

If it was not for AO Xingmu covering the wall, it would have collapsed!

The aftermath of a battle at the level of a dongxu demigod was still very terrifying!

All of this was because they had restrained themselves a lot, which was why the area was so small.

"It's over, it's over. I Can't explain this to sister Ji Lingfei Anymore!"

Qing Qing's expression changed slightly when she saw Gu Xingkong and the others filled with killing intent from the side.

"What's Going On!"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei also walked over and looked at the group of people in the battle with an embarrassed expression.

"Sister Ji Lingfei, Gu Xingkong and the others wanted to spar with Xiao Ran's master. In the end, that Jade Lady Prodigy walked out and ruthlessly crippled Yun Chuwen's arms. Now, she has shattered Gu Xingkong's weapon!"

Qing Qing saw Ji Lingfei walking over and hurriedly walked over to say.

"You're courting death!"

Ji Lingfei's expression was somewhat ugly as she directly said.

"What?"

Qing Qing was slightly taken aback when she heard her words. Her face was clearly filled with shock.

"You bunch of villains, bullying sister Yao. We're angry, we want to beat you up!"

Right at this moment, two childish voices rang out at the same time!

The sudden voice caused Gu Xingkong and the other two to be slightly taken aback as they prepared for the second round of attacks!

"Brother Xingkong, kill her! Kill her! She actually crippled my arms! Kill her!"

However, just as the two childish voices fell, Yun Chuwen, who had both his arms crippled by the god-slayer, let out an incomparably shrill scream!

"You hurt our companions and destroyed my weapons. No one can save you today!"

Gu Xingkong's eyes were filled with killing intent as he stared at Yao Nuan while the fire swords behind him condensed!

"Die, God Slayer Fire Swords!"

He roared, and the fire swords that seemed to be condensed from lava flew toward Yao nu!

"Heaven Ice Crack!"

"Traceless hurricane!"

Many divine abilities flew toward Yao Nu.

It would be very difficult for anyone below the void interpretation stage to survive such a terrifying attack!

"Wood, Defend!"

"Wood, bind!"

The instant their attacks were unleashed, two tender voices sounded once again.

A branch appeared in front of Yao Nuan. The branches interweaved and formed a shield that was a hundred meters long!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The divine abilities landed on the shield without leaving any traces.

The tender voices and the defense that appeared out of nowhere blocked their attacks, causing the expressions of Gu Xingkong and the others to change slightly.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

However, before they could react, hundreds of dense branches appeared from underground.

The branches were twining towards them!

"Not good, an expert is attacking!"

Wu Zian's right leg was twined by the branches, and his expression changed drastically as he shouted loudly.

The other two young men and women were also instantly bound by the branches, and their expressions were also extremely unsightly.

Only Gu Xingkong managed to dodge the attack of the Branches!

"HMPH, you bunch of bad guys, we'll teach you a good lesson!"

At this moment, Hua Er and Cai er walked towards the center of the battlefield.

There were flowers and branches floating around them, and their entire bodies were emitting an extremely powerful aura!

When they saw them appear in the center, Gu Xingkong and the others were stunned.

Wu Zian also widened his eyes!

Were they the ones who attacked just now? were they the strong ones he mentioned?