Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1881: In 1881, Grandma was fierce and had a special hobby

"How... How is this possible?"

Wu Zian, Gu Xingkong, and the others looked at the two little girls standing in front of them.

They were dressed in an ordinary Loli outfit and had a blade of grass sticking out of their heads. They looked extremely cute.

Their mouths were puffed up and their faces were slightly red. Grandma was fierce!

The two little girls looked like they were at most seven or eight years old!

But it was them who had released an attack that wrapped around them. How was this possible?

They were the elites of the Lingxiao treasured palace. In front of millions of disciples, they could also be ranked first.

But now, they were actually blocked by two little girls who were seven or eight years old!

How could they believe this?

"Oh my God, how is this possible? These two little girls..."

Qing Qing, who was standing to the side, saw Hua'er and Cai'er. Her eyes widened as she stared at them in disbelief.

"They... are they?"

Ji Lingfei, who was standing beside Qing Qing, had a look of shock in her eyes.

Sensing the energy in their bodies, Ji Lingfei's heart was in turmoil.

"They fell. They also fell..."

Ji Lingfei was now certain in her heart. She gulped in shock and took a deep breath.

What she had encountered today was simply too shocking!

"Sister, there's still one guy you haven't caught!"

At this moment, Hua'er looked at the shocked Gu Xingkong floating in the sky and tilted her head as she spoke to Cai'er.

"I'll catch him again!"

Cai'er looked at Gu Xingkong, blinked her eyes, and waved her arm!

The branches around her started to spin, and like a poisonous snake, they attacked Gu Xingkong directly.

When Cai Er's attack came at him again, Gu Xingkong's shocked face widened again!

"Roar, how can a little girl..."

He growled and looked at the branches attacking him, his eyes full of disbelief.

With a wave of his hand, streams of flames burned towards the branches!

"Little branches, catch him!"

Cai Er saw that her branches had been burned. She pouted slightly and waved her arms.

"WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!"

In the next moment, a scene that caused Gu Xingkong to feel fear appeared!

On the ground, countless densely packed branches directly drilled out. Even behind him, there were countless branches that shot towards the sky.

Every branch was like a poisonous snake!

"Boom! Boom!"

The ground in front of the villa started to shake, and the head of an incomparably ferocious tree demon broke out from the ground.

Those countless branches were its body.

"What is this thing?"

Gu Xingkong saw the monster that broke out from the ground, and his eyes widened, filled with shock.

How could this little girl be so powerful!

This was a damnable demigod-level attack!

"Destroy!"

His body floated in the sky. With a wave of his hands, terrifying flames descended.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

However, countless branches shot into the sky. The Flames only destroyed one-third of the Branches!

"Oh no!"

Gu Xingkong's expression changed drastically. His heart sank when he saw the branches appear behind him one after another.

"Hehehe, sister, look, didn't I catch him?"

At this moment, a clear and melodious voice came from below.

Didn't I catch him?

Didn't you catch me?

Hearing this, Gu Xingkong's body trembled violently! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He had actually lost to a little girl? A seven or eight-year-old little girl?

He was the divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the third divine son!

"HMPH, this group of bad guys actually attacked sister Yao. Sister, Hang Them Up!"

Hua'er looked at the four people tied up by the branches and said to Cai'er!

"Hang them up? Should we beat them up?"

Cai'er looked puzzled and waved her arm.

The tree demon wrapped around their bodies and fell into the air.

"You... What are you doing? We Are Disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. If you hurt us, our Lingxiao Treasured Palace will not let you off!"

A woman shouted at Hua er Cai'er with a panicked expression.

"The bad guys will be beaten. If you don't Listen, you will be beaten up!"

Hua er stretched out her arm and a long whip appeared in her hand. She swung it at the woman.

"Pa!"

The whip landed accurately on the woman's thigh, and in an instant, the woman's clothes were torn apart!

"Ah!"

At this moment, the woman was stunned, and she could not help but let out a blood-curdling scream!

"HMPH HMPH, go ahead and scream. The more you scream, the happier I'll Be!"

Hua'er heard the woman's scream, and her lips parted, revealing her dimples. Her eyes were like crescent moons.

However, at this moment, Hua'er was like a devil in the eyes of others.

"Beat the bad guys, beat the bad guys!"

She began to mumble as the branches in her hands began to swing.

"Pa Pa Pa!"

Immediately after, the sound of whips hitting flesh rang out continuously. At this moment, the four young men and women from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were completely dumbfounded!

"Stop, Stop! I am the divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Gu Xingkong's pupils constricted slightly when he saw his companions'miserable state. He shouted sternly when he saw the whips swinging towards him.

"Pa!"

However, a clear sound rang out!

"Pa Pa Pa!"

Following that, the flowers seemed to have found an interesting sound as they whipped at a fast and slow pace!

This little girl was like a demon. She did not hit him lightly at all. After two or three hits, his skin was torn and his flesh was torn.

The clothes of the four disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were torn very quickly. They could not cover their bodies at all.

"Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it! I'm going to kill you!"

How could the four disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace be humiliated like this, especially Gu Xingkong.

As a divine son, he was extremely powerful in the Lingxiao treasured palace. Everyone was respectful to him, but now, he was actually spanked by someone.

Moreover, his clothes were directly broken. This was simply an insult to him.

Most importantly, the ones who attacked were two little girls. They looked to be only seven or eight years old.

"Scoundrel's mouth isn't clean. Sister, use more strength!"

Cai'er heard their words and said to Hua'er.

"Giggle, Giggle, okay!"

"PA, PA, PA, PA, PA!"

As the strength of the two girls increased, it was no longer a simple matter of flesh being torn apart.

This was a serious injury!

Hua'er did not know the severity of the injury at all. After more than ten consecutive strikes, they were bleeding profusely!

Wang Xian stood at the side and was completely stunned when he saw the two little girls.

He wanted to see the strength of the two little girls, but he did not expect them to be so brutal!

Whipping? What kind of hobby is this?

"Teacher, let... Let your two daughters be gentler. If anything happens to them, the Lingxiao treasured palace will probably..."

Ji Lingfei stared at the divine son and the elite disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, who were screaming non-stop. She quickly walked to Wang Xian's side and whispered.

She looked at the two little girls and the corner of her mouth twitched.

They were simply two little demons!

Moreover, they were extremely demonic little demons!