Chapter 1882: The transformation of 1882

"Clap, clap, clap, Clap!"

The sounds of whips were heard continuously, accompanied by the painful growls of the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

They were suspended upside down in the sky, and the whips would land on them from time to time.

The four of them looked extremely miserable. They no longer looked like the elite disciples and divine sons of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

Ji Lingfei saw their miserable state and could only helplessly walk over to Wang Xian to plead on their behalf.

"Alright, Alright, you two little girls!"

These few people had followed Xiao ran over after all. It was impossible for Wang Xian to kill them directly.

If Hua'er, that little devil, continued to fight them, even if they didn't die, they would probably die soon!

Wang Xian shouted at Hua'er speechlessly.

Did this little girl have a special hobby?

"Hehe, Daddi, let's see if I'm good. These bad guys are not my match!"

Hua'er and Cai'er stopped what they were doing when they heard Wang Xian's words.

They turned around and looked at Wang Xian with a smug look on their faces.

It was as if they wanted Wang Xian to praise them!

"Awesome, Awesome!"

Wang Xian nodded his head speechlessly.

Although the two little girls were awesome, they had the potential of little demons, especially the special hobby of flowers!

This made Wang Xian very helpless.

"Hehehe!"

The two little girls were very happy when they heard Wang Xian's compliment. They opened their arms excitedly and ran towards him, wanting to hug him!

"You two little girls are getting bigger and heavier!"

Wang Xian lifted them up and touched them with his head!

"We are not heavy at all. We are extremely cute and beautiful!"

Hua'er said unhappily.

"Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang!"

At this moment, Gu Xingkong and the rest, who were entangled by the tree demon, fell to the ground.

"Hiss!"

Low groans of pain could be heard. The four of them landed on the ground in a sorry state. They did not even stand up.

They supported their bodies and stood up slowly with an unsightly expression!

"Daddi, should we lock them up and beat them up every day?" Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, flower, who was being held by Wang Xian, saw them standing up slowly and looking at her.

Her adorable voice rang out and entered their ears.

This caused Gu Xingkong and the other three to stagger and almost fall down.

A hint of panic appeared in their eyes. They looked at concubine Ji Lingfei who was standing at the side as if she was begging for mercy.

"Hua'er, you don't have to lock them up. Just beat them up if you encounter any bad guys in the future!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth twitched when he heard Hua'er's words.

"Alright then. Beat them up every time you see any bad guys in the future!"

Hua'er thought for a moment and nodded her head in agreement.

"This is a demon!"

A word appeared in the minds of Gu Xingkong and the other three. Their eyes were a little dazed.

"Let's go, let's go and play in the room!"

Wang Xian swept a glance at Gu Xingkong and the rest. There was no expression on his face. He carried them and returned to the villa.

"How is this possible? How is this possible? How can those two little fellows be so strong!"

"Demigod-level. Those two little kids are actually demigod-level powerhouses. How can there be such a monstrous existence in this world? Even the Peerless Heaven's favorites of our boundless galaxy are not this terrifying!"

Seeing the two little devils being carried away, Gu Xingkong and the rest heaved a heavy sigh of relief.

They looked at each other and hurriedly used their attributes to cover their bodies!

Those two imps were simply too terrifying. If they were directly whipped, who would be able to take it?

"Those two imps seem to be Master Xiao Ran's Daughters?"

Suddenly, Wu Zian thought of how the two imps addressed master Xiao ran, and his body trembled!

"Master Xiao Ran's daughter? This... Master Xiao ran's daughter is already so strong, then... then..."

At this moment, the bodies of Gu Xingkong and the others trembled once again.

Just a moment ago, Gu Xingkong and the others had still wanted to challenge Xiao ran's master and humiliate him!

Now, just his two little demon daughters were already so terrifying, and they had almost killed them. Just how strong was master Xiao Ran?

Most importantly, what realm would he reach if he could nurture two daughters who were seven or eight years old and were at the demigod level.

Gulp

The four of them gulped. This... they simply couldn't imagine it, and they didn't dare to imagine it either!

"Xiao Ran's master isn't someone you can provoke. Don't think about revenge. If there's nothing else, you can leave this place!"

Ji Lingfei looked at them and said indifferently.

Facing the incomparably mysterious and powerful master Xiao ran, even she began to feel fear and dread.

If they really angered master Xiao ran, they wouldn't even know how they died.

"Sister Ji Lingfei, Xiao Ran's master, how... how could he have such a terrifying daughter? Then his strength, wouldn't it be... wouldn't it be..."

Qing Qing, who was at the side, stared at Ji Lingfei with her eyes wide open. She gulped and said.

"Not someone you can provoke!"

Ji Lingfei didn't say anything else. She turned around and walked into the villa.

"Hey Hey, Sister Ji Lingfei, what should I do?"

Qing Qing saw her walk in again and hurriedly called out.

"Qing Qing, if you want to come with me, wait outside. If not, leave with them!"

Ji Lingfei said directly.

"Then I'll wait for you outside!"

Qing Qing's face fell as she stood outside and looked at Gu Xingkong and the others. A helpless expression appeared on her face.

This time, they had met a tough nut to crack.

They would never have thought that there was such a terrifying existence on earth.

No, it was such a terrifying pair of imps.

As for Master Xiao Ran's strength, would it be easy for him to become the father of an imp?

"Let's Go!"

Gu Xingkong's expression changed as he looked inside the villa. He shivered and said to the other people with a dark expression.

The other people had gloomy expressions as they followed behind the divine son and flew toward the west.

"Brother Xingkong, don't tell me... Don't tell me we're just going to let this go!"

The woman whose arm had been broken by Yao Nu suddenly roared in a low voice after flying several thousand meters.

Her face was filled with unwillingness!

"Ji Lingfei is there. What else can we do? Do We have to let everyone know..."

Gu Xingkong's face changed. He clenched his fists and roared in a low voice.

He didn't finish his words, but everyone knew what he meant.

Do We have to let everyone know that they were hung up and spanked by two seven or eight-year-old girls, and that even their clothes were smashed?

Did they still want the dignity of the son of deity and their dignity?

Unless they could avenge themselves, they could only grit their teeth and swallow it!

F * ck, what humiliation!

Everyone's faces darkened as they left.

"Dragon King, Xiao ran and his sister have woken up after consuming the fruit. Qi Tian is guiding them!"

At this moment, ao Jian walked over from the courtyard of the villa and said to him!

"Oh? So soon? I'll go and take a look!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at Ji Lingfei. "Let's go together!"

"Yes, teacher!"

Ji Lingfei immediately nodded her head respectfully and followed behind him!

If the people from the soaring heavens palace saw her respectful manner, they would definitely be shocked!