Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1883: Under 1883’s transformation

Ji Lingfei followed Wang Xian to the bottom of the villa.

She looked at the middle-aged man who was following beside her.

After all, she had once cultivated to the realm of divine fire. The moment she saw the middle-aged man, she felt that this middle-aged man was a little strange!

She couldn't feel any signs of life from his body. She couldn't even feel the slightest heartbeat.

Under her spiritual perception, the middle-aged man was like a sword, a human weapon!

This caused her to be extremely shocked.

Ever since she had entered this villa, almost every item had caused her to be extremely shocked.

Facing Xiao Ran's master, she became even more respectful.

The other party's two daughters had both been resurrected by fallen gods. In front of them, she did not have the ability to be superior at all.

Entering the top floor of the villa, she instantly felt that this place was like an incomparably hot furnace.

It was as if there was a sun on the top floor of the villa.

At the top of the villa, Xiao ran and his sister stood there.

In front of them, a demonic beast that looked like an ape stood in front of them.

Beside them, there was a very special creature.

It was a 1.5 meter tall treeman with only the upper half of its body. Its branches were spread all over the place.

The moment she saw the treeman, her heart trembled slightly!

This was the branch that covered the entire villa.

This was a plant-type demonic beast, an extremely powerful demonic beast.

"How is it?"

Wang Xian, who had come to the top floor of the villa, looked at Xiao ran. His gaze swept across Xiao Ran's body!

"Master, I... With the help of leader Ao just now, I have advanced to the first level of the demigod level. I have directly reached the first level of the demigod level!"

"Furthermore, I have a feeling that I will be able to achieve a breakthrough soon!"

Seeing Wang Xian walking over, Xiao ran walked over with a face full of excitement and said loudly.

"The main thing that the fruit has changed is your physique. It will be very easy for you to cultivate the fire attribute in the future!"

Wang Xian looked at Xiao ran's body and said faintly.

"Thank you, master, for your kindness in remaking the fruit!"

Xiao ran knelt on the ground with a face full of excitement!

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian sat on the sofa at the side and asked, "Ling Xiao Palace asked you to come down. What are your plans for the future?"

"Master, I originally planned to go to some ancient lands to look for opportunities. I didn't expect you to return. Next, I plan to cultivate in Jiang city for a period of time and accompany you, Master!"

Xiao ran hesitated for a moment and said directly.

"Yes, that's fine too. Are there any demons and monsters that have entered the city to attack humans recently? You can use them to train yourself!"

"Stay in Jiang City for a period of time. Let Qitian teach you too!"

Wang Xian thought for a moment and nodded.

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran replied happily.

"Oh right, where are sect leader Ling and your master's mother's father, Tang Jiuchao? Can you contact them?"

Wang Xian asked Xiao ran.

"Master, we have just separated from sect leader Ling and the rest. They are heading to the Daxing Mountains to rebuild the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect. Uncle Tang Jiuchao is in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Xiao ran immediately said, "I will contact them immediately. Sect leader Ling and the rest will be very happy if they know that you are still alive!"

"Let's contact them!"

Wang Xian nodded. The Guan family and the Lan family had already been sent to the transcendence continent. There were also Yinxuan's father and Feng Lingtian's father.

After settling down, the group of girls calmed down.

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran replied.

"Daddi, Dad, we're Hungry!"

In less than ten minutes, the voices of the two little girls were heard.

"They're here, they're here!"

Wang Xian walked over helplessly with a smile on his face.

"You guys can stay here and play!"

He said to Xiao ran and the rest and walked downstairs!

"Xiao ran, Congratulations!"

Ji Lingfei saw Wang Xian leaving and immediately walked to Xiao Ran's side. She sensed his strength and her eyes sparkled!

"With your strength, you're not any weaker than the other divine sons. Moreover, you seem to have some powerful physique!"

She sized up Xiao ran and felt the enormous fire attribute energy in his body. She was happy for him in her heart!

"Yes, I feel that my sense of fire attribute energy has increased by dozens of times. Moreover, as long as I have enough energy, my strength can be raised to a terrifying level!"

Xiao ran said with a fiery gaze!

"Brother, now that master is here, you don't have to worry about being worthy of sister Ji Lingfei, right?"

At this moment, Liu Mengxin suddenly said.

"Mengxin, don't talk nonsense!"

Xiao Ran's face instantly turned red. He glared at his sister and pretended to be fierce.

"Xiao Ran's master is very powerful. To have such a master is indeed your fortune, Xiao ran!"

Ji Lingfei's eyes sparkled. It was very interesting to see the shy Xiao ran, so she said with a smile.

"Yes, it's all because of master that I was able to reach this stage. In the future, I Can't lose face for Master!"

He clenched his fists tightly and said with a firm gaze!

"In the territory of our heaven-palm sect, there are no noble families and aristocrats. All living things are equal. Those who have the strength and qualifications to join our heaven-palm sect are the noble families and aristocrats!"

"Everything else is just petty!"

"Today, our sky palm sect has established the Sky Palm Academy in Jiang City. Those who pass the test can enter our Sky Palm Academy. The elites of the Sky Palm Academy can join our sky palm sect!"

"Our Sky Palm Academy has entered and is guarding the safety of Jiang City. Everyone in Jiang City must listen to our orders!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded throughout Jiang city.

The millions of people in River City heard it clearly.

"Eh?"

At the top of the villa, Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others were slightly stunned. They looked toward the center of River City.

"It seems that some disciples of the Lingxiao treasured palace have begun to establish their own forces!"

Xiao ran looked over, and his face revealed a thoughtful expression.

"The Heaven Palm sect seems to have been established by the fourth son of God, Zhou Tian, and two experts on the god-ascension list. Now, establishing a force on Earth is a very good choice!"

"Perhaps, with a great opportunity, you will be able to obtain a supreme treasure and become a God!"

Ji Lingfei said slightly from the side.

"En!"

Liu Mengxin nodded in agreement.

"However, Xiao ran, there's no need for you. With your master around, your future won't be any worse than mine!"

Ji Lingfei stared at Xiao ran with a face full of smiles and said.

She also sensed the increase in Xiao ran's strength and the changes in his body.

Although she did not know the details of the changes in Xiao Ran's physique, she could still feel the strength of his physique!

Things like physique were also unusually rare for godly state experts.

The current Xiao ran was also worthy of her in the future! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I can't rely on my master for Everything!"

Xiao ran's eyes flickered with a luster, and traces of ambition slowly grew.

In the past, he had relied on his master to become the number one expert under the Dragon Palace on Earth!

After his master left, he was only an ordinary disciple in the Lingxiao treasured palace.

Now that his master had returned, it gave him a great opportunity and allowed him to have strength comparable to a divine son.

However, he could not completely rely on his master. He had to prove himself!