Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1884: 1884 Xiao Ran’s Dragon Gate 1

"Huh? Brother, what do you want to Do?"

On the roof of the villa, Liu Mengxin looked at her brother's strange expression.

As her younger sister who had lived together for more than twenty years, she naturally knew her brother very well.

"I want to make a difference. Even if I can't be like master, I Want to shine on this planet!"

Xiao Ran's eyes revealed a firm expression.

He had the fortune that no one else had, and he had a powerful and invincible master.

Under such circumstances, he could no longer make any achievements. He, Xiao ran, was too incompetent!

"Oh? I do support Xiao ran in establishing his own faction. Moreover, with your strength, you can compete with a group of divine sons and Heaven's favorites!"

Ji Lingfei's eyes lit up as she spoke in agreement to Xiao ran.

Xiao ran was slightly silent, and his heart was also slightly excited.

This was a bright era. The Divine Sons and Heaven's favorites competed for glory. Everyone had the chance to become gods and become ancestors, standing at the peak of this era!

He, Xiao ran, was not weaker than others!

"If you want to establish a faction, you need to have your own people now. This may require you to display some of your strength and make people come over to join you!"

"You can also recruit some of the elite experts on Earth. Many of the elite experts on earth are not weaker than the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, especially those heaven's favorites!"

"Moreover, when the time comes, I will also join your faction. I will help you!"

Ji Lingfei stood there and said to him with a smile on her face!

"This is just my idea. I still have to consider the specifics!"

Xiao ran looked at Ji Lingfei and smiled at her!

"Hehe, the three of us as a family can do anything well!"

Liu Mengxin looked at her brother and Ji Lingfei. The corners of her mouth curled up slightly as she grabbed their hands!

Ji Lingfei held them with a face full of smiles. Apart from Xiao ran's slightly red face, there was also some anticipation in his eyes.

In the past, he could not match up to Ji Lingfei in terms of both strength and background.

But now, his master had returned, giving him great confidence!

"I need to inform sect leader Ling and uncle Tang First!"

Xiao ran thought of his master's matter and immediately took out his phone to contact the two.

When they heard the news, excitement appeared on their faces.

Sect leader Ling only had one son, and Tang Jiuchao only had one daughter.

They had not seen each other for more than ten years, and they had missed each other for a long time!

"Master, I have already informed sect leader Ling and uncle Tang. If nothing unexpected happens, they will be able to arrive by this evening!"

The three of them walked to the hall on the first floor of the villa. Xiao ran walked over and said.

"Oh, have you contacted them? That's good. If you are staying here temporarily, tell Qinglong to get someone to build a house around here!"

Wang Xian nodded and instructed Xiao ran.

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran nodded and asked, "Master, where are the other disciples of the Dragon Gate?"

"Them. They should have moved to this area. I have already disbanded the Dragon Gate. Many of them are already married and have children. We can't let them fight and kill anymore!"

Wang Xian smiled.

He had already informed the demonic green dragon to have the group of Drakonids move to the nearby area.

It was not easy to build a room now. It would be completed in a few days. They should be coming to the area in the next few days.

"HMM? The Dragon Gate has disbanded?"

Xiao ran looked thoughtful when he heard Wang Xian's words.

"Have you guys eaten? If not, come and eat something!"

Wang Xian looked at the two little girls who were eating at the table and said to Xiao ran and the rest.

"There's no need, master. We had already eaten when we came!"

Xiao ran shook his head!

"Tell me about Earth after I Left!"

Wang Xian nodded and gestured for them to sit down before he spoke to Xiao ran.

Xiao ran immediately told him about what happened on Earth after he left!

Time passed slowly, and they chatted for four to five hours!

"Dragon King!"

In the afternoon, sect leader Ling Xiao and Tang Yinxuan's father, Tang Jiuchao, arrived one after another!

"It's good that you're alright, it's good that you're Alright!"

They heaved a heavy sigh of relief when they heard Wang Xian say that windling tian, Tang yinxuan, and the rest were safe and sound.

"Sect leader Ling, father-in-law, yinxuan, windling tian, and the rest were unable to come because of their cultivation. Why Don't you guys go over and visit them?"

Wang Xian said to sect leader Ling and Tang Jiuchao!

"Little Xian, we haven't seen each other for more than ten years. I want to visit Yinxuan!"

Tang Jiuchao immediately replied. After he finished speaking, he looked at sect leader Ling!

"I..."

Sect leader Ling was a little hesitant. "It's not that I don't want to see Lingtian and the rest, but I still have a bunch of subordinates following me... I was planning to establish the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect again!"

"Sect leader, why don't you hand over the sect brothers to me!"

At this moment, Xiao Ran, who was standing at the side, hesitated for a moment before speaking.

"Eh? Xiao ran? You want to establish a faction?"

Sect leader Ling was slightly stunned as he looked at Xiao ran in astonishment.

"I have this plan, but it hasn't been decided yet!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Xiao ran nodded.

Sect leader Ling pondered for a moment before looking at Ji Lingfei, who was beside Xiao ran.

"Alright, to be honest, with the strength of a few hundred of us, even if we rebuild the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect, it would only be a nameless small sect!"

"Speaking of which, I'm not afraid of you laughing at US, Xiao ran. We occupied a mountain peak in the Daxing Mountains, but in the end, we were chased away!"

"Now that your strength has increased, you still have Miss Ji to help you. It's much better for them to follow you than to follow me!"

Sect leader Ling decided and immediately stood up. "I'll talk to my brothers outside!"

"Yes, sect, I'll go with you!"

Xiao ran stood up and followed sect leader Ling out.

When the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect joined the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, other than the other teams in the middle, there were still over 200 people who were accepted as disciples by the experts of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

Most of these 200 people were at the peak of the ninth rank and the ninth rank.

There were only 20 or so people at the profound void realm.

This strength was considered relatively weak in the Lingxiao treasured palace.

However, on Earth, every one of them was a pretty good expert.

"Qitian, take them back to the Dragon Palace and let Prime Minister Gui take good care of them!"

The disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect did not have much objection to following Xiao ran.

After all, Xiao ran was also a disciple of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect in the past and was once the strongest person in the sect.

After settling the matter, Wang Xian asked Ao Qitian to bring sect leader Ling, Tang Jiuchao, and the rest to the transcendence continent.

At this point, apart from a Jiaya, the matter with the girls had been settled.

"Everyone in Jiang City who is above level seven of transcendence, come to the entrance of the song group building within ten minutes. The Heaven's palm sect has something to announce!"

In the evening, just as Ao Qitian left with sect leader Ling and the rest, a voice resounded across the entire Jiang City once again.

"Huh?"

This made Wang Xian slightly stunned.

This voice sounded once in the afternoon. This was the second time!