Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1885: Dragon Gate 2,1885

"What happened?"

In the villa, Wang Xian asked Mo Qinglong who was beside him.

"Dragon King, they are some powerhouses from the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace. They have established a heaven-palm academy in Jiang City. They should announce their strength at noon today!"

"Why did they gather all the people in the city who are above transcendent level seven this time?"

Mo Qinglong, who was standing at the side, also spoke with a half-understanding tone!

"Heaven Palm Academy? Then let's go and take a look. There's nothing to do here anyway!"

Wang Xian stood up and said to Mo Qinglong.

Since there was nothing to do in the villa, he still had to go and take a look at Jiang city after such a major incident!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong nodded.

"Master, let's Go and take a look as well. The one who established the Heaven Palm sect is Zhou Tian, the fourth son of deity on the god Ascension Board, and two powerhouses on the god Ascension Board. Zhou Tian has the strength of a level one demigod!"

"The other two powerhouses on the god Ascension list are stronger. One of them is a level three demigod while the other one is a level four demigod. There should be some other demigod powerhouses!"

Xiao ran also heard this voice. When he saw that Wang Xian wanted to go over and take a look, he immediately said.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked out of the villa. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Hua Er, Cai er, let's go. Daddy will bring you guys out to play!"

Wang Xian shouted at the two little guys who were playing on the slide formed by the branches of the Villa!

"Let's go out to play!"

"Keke, Daddi, Catch Me!"

Hua Er immediately revealed an excited expression. Cai Er slid down from the top of the villa.

Hua Er, the little girl, jumped down mischievously and stretched out her arms for Wang Xian to catch her!

Wang Xian had a deep understanding of Hua'er's mischievousness the moment she whipped him.

He stretched out his hand helplessly and caught the little girl. He placed her on the ground and held one in each hand!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said as he walked towards the center of Jiang City.

"Dragon King!"

"Let's go and take a look too!"

"Let's go, let's go. I'm really envious of those powerful divine sons and powerhouses on the god Ascension Board. With their strength, they can occupy a city and recruit disciples!"

In the courtyard, a group of disciples who followed sect leader Ling gathered in the courtyard of the villa.

When they saw Wang Xian and the rest coming out, they immediately shouted respectfully in unison and followed closely behind.

The group of people walked towards the center of the city outside.

"Quick, quick, the Heaven Palm sect has moved into our Jiang City and established the Heaven Palm Academy. In the future, the entire Jiang City will respect them. Let's hurry over!"

"I wonder what they have to announce and gather all the powerhouses in the city!"

"Who knows? In the past two days, the few million disciples of the Precious Palace of skyscraping have occupied the Divine Mountains and ancient lands in various cities. They have established sects, sects, and academies to develop their own forces. I guess they are trying to recruit some people!"

Along the way, one by one, they rushed to the center of the city.

The sounds of conversation entered their ears.

Wang Xian and the rest were not in a hurry. He just wanted to see what the powerhouses of the heaven-palm sect had to announce.

When they rushed over, they realized that there were already hundreds of thousands of people gathered in front of the song group building.

There were only a few thousand people in the center.

These few thousand people were people whose strength had reached at least level seven of the supernatural realm in Jiang City.

More than a thousand people stood in the center, led by the song family!

Hundreds of thousands of people came to watch the Show!

In the sky in front of the Song Corporation Building, a group of more than a hundred people floated in the sky.

The leader was a young man in golden clothing.

The young man wore a crown, and on the crown, there were two words, "In control of the sky!"!

The young man had an imposing bearing, and the corners of his head were lofty. He was like a shooting star in the night sky, very eye-catching!

"I didn't expect the fourth son of deity to come to our Jiang City in person!"

"Son of deity, son of deity of Zhou Tian. The Aura from him is so powerful!"

When they came to the front, Wang Xian and the rest heard the whispers around them.

They did not go to the center but stood in the crowd behind them!

"Ten minutes have passed. I believe everyone knows my name. I am Zhou Tian, son of deity of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

At this moment, Zhou Tian, who was floating in the center, raised his head slightly and swept his gaze over the thousands of people in the center!

"I established the heaven-palm sect with two experts on the god-sealing roll. Now, I am stationed in Jiang City to establish the heaven-palm academy. From now on, I am the king of Jiang City. Do you have any objections?"

He looked down at the thousands of Jiang city experts and asked indifferently.

"No objections!"

"Zhou Tian's divine son, we have no objections at all!"

In the center, everyone heard his words and immediately replied.

With Zhou Tian's strength, he was completely invincible in Jiang City. They had no time to curry favor with him, so how could they object! !

The song family members standing at the very front raised their brows slightly when they heard his words, but they didn't say anything!

"If you don't object, then our heaven-palm sect will set the rules!"

"Now, you should know that with the appearance of the dark ancient land, evil spirits and monsters will run rampant. Jiang city may soon fall into a crisis!"

"Our Heaven's palm sect will be stationed in Jiang City, so naturally, we will protect the safety of this city. We will select a group of Heaven's Palm Academy's security guards from among you to be responsible for protecting the safety of the academy and the city!"

"Those who join our heaven's palm academy will become Jiang city's aristocrats, and will receive the protection of our heaven's palm sect!"

Zhou Tian set the rules high and mighty.

"HMM?"

Hearing Zhou Tian's words, the thousands of people in the center looked pensive and hesitant. Being the security guard of the Sky Palm Academy had its pros and cons.

This made many people look hesitant!

"The sky palm academy will be led by the song family. It will be established in half a month. At that time, we will recruit elite disciples to join!"

Zhou Tian stood there and continued to speak, his tone filled with an unquestionable tone.

He wasn't seeking the opinions of the others, but was giving orders!

"When I become a god and become the ancestor, you will all be my living beings, and you will be honored for me!"

Zhou Tian waved his arms, and streams of golden light shot out from his body, his face filled with pride.

A powerful aura spread out in all directions.

In the center, the experts of Jiang City held their breaths and immediately lowered their heads.

Everyone around trembled slightly under this aura and bowed!

"Are all divine sons so arrogant? Becoming gods and ancestors? The King of Jiang City?"

Wang Xian looked at Zhou Tian in the sky and shook his head in amusement!

"Young man, quickly lower your head. If you have the ability, you can do it too. On earth now, the strong are the most respected!"

"If you are seen by the son of deity, he will kill you with a wave of his hand!"

Wang Xian's words were heard by the middle-aged man. He glanced at him and said immediately!

"He is not qualified to be the king of Jiang City!"

As soon as the middle-aged man finished his sentence, Xiao Ran's voice came from the side!

"Huh? He is not qualified. Could it be that this kid is qualified?"

The middle-aged man sneered when he heard Xiao Ran's words.

"Master, I want to establish a force!"

Xiao ran ignored the middle-aged man and looked at Wang Xian. His eyes were filled with ambition and arrogance!

The path of cultivation was a struggle with the heavens!

Someone dared to claim the title of King in Jiang City. Xiao ran felt that he didn't have the qualifications yet!

Son of deity, what's the harm?