Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1886: 1886 Xiao Ran’s Dragon Gate 3

So what if he was the son of deity?

Xiao ran's personality was similar to Wang Xian's. If no one provoked them, they would not take the initiative to provoke others.

He had the idea of establishing a force, but this idea was just a fledgling and was not completely certain.

Now, when he saw the Zhou Tian's son of deity floating proudly in the sky in front of them, looking down at all of them and saying that he wanted to be the king, Xiao Ran's eyes turned cold.

A cold look appeared in his eyes.

In the eyes of Xiao ran, he didn't have the qualifications to be the king of Jiang City.

His Master had disbanded the Dragon Gate and didn't want to interfere in anything. However, this didn't mean that there were no tigers or monkeys in the mountains who could be the King!

The king of Jiang City wasn't something that anyone could do just because they wanted to!

"Oh?"

When Wang Xian heard Xiao ran's words, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

"You want to establish a force? Sure!"

He smiled at Xiao ran and said immediately.

"Master, I want to establish an academy. Not only can I establish my own force, but I can also nurture some strong people. Since the Dragon Gate has been disbanded, I will establish a Dragon Gate Academy!"

Xiao ran said to him while his eyes flashed with a fiery glow!

"Up to you!"

Wang Xian shook his head nonchalantly. "If you want to establish your own academy, I Won't help you. You can handle some matters yourself!"

As he spoke, he looked at the son of deity of Zhou Tian who was floating in the air in front of him. There was no expression on his face.

If Xiao ran wanted to establish the Longmen Academy in Jiang City, he had to get rid of this son of deity in front of him first.

"Xiao ran, I support you. You can be the headmaster of the academy, and I can be the deputy headmaster. Hehe!"

Ji Lingfei, who was at the side, heard their conversation. Her eyes flickered with interest as she immediately said.

"Big Brother, I support you too!"

Liu Mengxin also clenched her fists at Xiao Ran, expressing her support for him!

Behind them, the former disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect also nodded in agreement

"Good!"

Xiao ran looked at them and nodded heavily. He raised his head and looked at Zhou Tian, who was floating in the sky with full of fighting spirit!

"In ten days, Our Heaven Palm sect will hold the sect-establishing ceremony. At that time, all of you experts from Jiang City will come to watch!"

At this moment, Zhou Tian's voice sounded again.

He was still extremely powerful and ordered a group of experts above the seventh rank to attend the sect-establishing ceremony.

"Your Heaven Palm sect is not qualified to be the king of Jiang City. The king of Jiang City is not you either!"

"Young man, you... You Really..."

At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out, causing everyone around to be slightly stunned.

The middle-aged man who spoke beside Wang Xian opened his mouth slightly and revealed a shocked expression.

He stared at Xiao ran with a face full of shock. His eyes were also wide open!

"Huh?"

Xiao ran's sudden words caused everyone around to be slightly stunned. They quickly looked over with a face full of shock!

There was actually someone who dared to openly fight against the son of deity of the Lingxiao treasured palace. This was an extremely powerful son of deity!

"Who is he?"

"This... who is this young man? He actually dared to fight against the fourth-ranked son of deity of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Everyone around was shocked when they saw Xiao ran.

Who Dared to fight against the divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?

"Eh?" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Zhou Tian's expression turned cold when he saw Xiao ran. His ice-cold gaze locked onto Xiao Ran?

"If I remember correctly, you seem to be that Xiao ran!"

He narrowed his eyes, and a cold light flickered in them. "If I'm not qualified to be the king of Jiang City, then you, trash, are even less qualified!"

Zhou Tian smiled eerily. He had some impression of Xiao ran in the past, but now, he had completely forgotten about this small figure.

"Boom Boom!"

At this moment, the hundred plus experts of the Lingxiao treasured palace behind him all looked at Xiao ran in unison, their auras locked onto him!

"I'll give you three seconds to get out of our sight!"

A middle-aged man stared at Xiao ran and said emotionlessly.

Although the Lingxiao treasured palace forbade its disciples from killing each other, as long as no one died and the enforcers of the Lingxiao treasured palace, the heavenly soldiers and generals, didn't know about it, everything would be fine!

The prohibition was only on the surface!

"Eh? That young man?"

At this moment, at the front of the center, the people of the song family saw Xiao ran and Wang Xian standing behind him. They were slightly stunned!

"That's the disciple of the Dragon King!"

Old Qin and Old Xue said in a low voice.

"From the beginning to the end, there was only one king in Jiang City, and that was the Dragon King. As the disciple of the Dragon King, Xiao ran has the right to say that!"

Old Song's eyes sparkled. He looked at Xiao ran and said with a smile on his face.

"Huh?"

"What's going on? What's going on in the song family?"

"The Dragon King? The disciple of the Dragon King?"

When Elder Song's voice rang out, everyone was slightly shocked.

Some people were in a daze!

The Dragon King!

This name was the only king in Jiang City back then!

However, they did not expect that the young man was the Dragon King's disciple.

And the song family was actually speaking up for the Dragon King's disciple!

"A disciple inheriting the master's position is indeed not bad!"

Ji Lingfei slowly walked out and came to Xiao Ran's side, staring at Zhou Tian.

"Haha, that's right. In Jiang City, who doesn't know about the Dragon King? Even if the Dragon King doesn't become king, only the Dragon King's disciple is qualified!"

The former disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect walked out one by one, and more than 200 people walked behind Xiao ran.

"What? There are so many people around the disciple of the Dragon King? Are they fighting for territory?"

At this moment, all the people in the surrounding River City looked at Xiao ran and his group of experts in astonishment.

The song family openly supported the appearance of the disciple of the Dragon King!

They swallowed their saliva in surprise and stared blankly at the side.

"Concubine Ji Lingfei!"

Zhou Tian was slightly stunned when he saw concubine Ji Lingfei's appearance, and then his face darkened.

He slowly looked down with a murderous look on his face!

"Ji Lingfei, are you going to make an enemy out of our Heaven Palm Sect?"

His eyes flickered as he stared at Ji Lingfei!

"So What?"

Ji Lingfei smiled faintly.

"Song family, are you going to rebel?"

Zhou Tian's gaze turned colder and colder when he heard Ji Lingfei's words, and he looked down at the song family members.

"Your heaven-palm sect is not the royal family. Why are you rebelling? !"

"And you are too powerful. Do you really treat us as your subjects?"

"Besides, your strength is not enough to drive us!"

Elder song said indifferently. As he spoke, he walked directly toward Xiao ran's position.

The members of the song family immediately followed him. The members of the Xue and Qin families did not hesitate at all and followed him indifferently.

"Hiss... this... this scene is so familiar. The Dragon King used to be accompanied by all the major families in Jiang City!"

"Now, the disciple of the Dragon King still has the support of all the major families in Jiang City!"

Some of the elders around saw this scene and murmured in a daze.

More than ten years ago, the Dragon King was the king of Jiang City.

More than ten years later, his disciple wanted to succeed him!