Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1887: 1887 Xiao Ran’s Dragon Gate 4

The Wind Rose and the clouds surged!

Xiao ran led a group of people and faced Zhou Tian's group from afar!

The surrounding atmosphere began to freeze.

Zhou Tian and the group of disciples from the soaring heavens treasured palace behind him revealed gloomy expressions.

Especially when they saw the larger clans of Jiang city standing directly behind Xiao ran, their expressions were incomparably ugly.

"On ancient Earth, if you stand in the wrong position, your entire family will be executed. Do you know that! ?"

Zhou Tian stared coldly at the song, Xue, and Qin families. The killing intent in his tone was not concealed at all.

"Xiao ran, are you sure you want to provoke my heaven palm sect? Don't think that with Ji Lingfei around, we won't dare to do anything to you!"

He swept a sinister glance at Xiao ran and the others as he threatened.

"Haha, Zhou Tian, since I dare to fight with you for River City, do you think that I'm afraid of You? !"

Xiao ran laughed loudly when he heard his threat.

"Boom!"

As soon as he finished speaking, a blazing flame started to rise in the sky above him, enveloping the entire sky in flames.

"Boom!"

Sensing Xiao Ran's aura, Zhou Tian's pupils constricted slightly, and the aura on his body trembled as well.

A streak of golden light rushed over from behind him and similarly covered another part of the sky. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The powerful aura of the two enveloped the entire Jiang city.

"First level demigod? When did you advance to first level demigod? !"

Zhou Tian's gaze was fixed on Xiao ran as he roared in a low voice.

"You don't need to know!"

Xiao ran's body slowly floated into the sky, facing Zhou Tian and Xiao ran from afar!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

"Just you alone want to make an enemy out of our entire Heaven Palm sect!"

The auras of the middle-aged young men behind Zhou Tian also trembled as waves of profound void stage experts'auras were released.

"Ha ha, of course, there are also some clans in Our River City. Back then, even someone as powerful as the Dragon King, who had suppressed us for an entire lifetime, did not order us around like this!"

"You want to order us around just because of a newly established sect?"

Elder song's Aura was also completely released. An aura that belonged to a peak-stage profound void martial artist soared into the sky.

At the same time, his granddaughter, Song Hanshuang, also erupted with the strength of a peak-stage profound void martial artist.

Behind him, song Hanyu's strength wasn't weak either.

"What? How is this possible? The song family actually concealed their strength. Elder song and that girl from the song family are actually so powerful!"

"Oh my God, Song Hanyu isn't the strongest in the song family. The song family actually concealed their strength so deeply!"

"Doesn't the other girl from the song family have strength comparable to a chosen divine son?"

When the song family's strength completely erupted, everyone in Jiang city was shocked.

They stared at the song family in disbelief.

This strength could be ranked in the top five on earth before the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace arrived!

"This... a small Jiang city actually has such a powerful family!"

The expressions of the profound void martial experts behind Zhou Tian changed slightly, and a trace of solemnity appeared on their faces!

"Zhou Tian, Jiang city belongs to us!"

Ji Lingfei raised her head slightly and said to Zhou Tian with a smile on her face.

The strength that they had displayed now could already cause Zhou Tian to be fearful.

It could even cause the entire heaven palm sect to be fearful!

Even if it was a faction established by the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, it could be ranked among the top!

"Good, good. I really didn't expect that there would be such a strong person in such a small Jiang City!"

Zhou Tian's expression was extremely gloomy when he saw the strength that Xiao ran and the song family had displayed.

Jiang city was only a small city. It was not in line with the development of the Heaven's palm sect to provoke such a strong enemy for the sake of a small Jiang City!

"This time, I'll remember it, Xiao ran. We have plenty of time in the future!"

Zhou Tian clenched his fists.

"Let's Go!"

He growled with a sullen face and turned to fly into the distance.

"Fourth divine son of the god-ascension list, don't be so anxious. I, Xiao ran, still want to challenge you!"

Just as Zhou Tian turned around, Xiao Ran's voice sounded.

Xiao ran's body moved and flew several thousand meters into the sky, staring down at Zhou Tian from above!

"Come and fight!"

His face was full of fighting spirit as he roared.

"Haha, Hahaha, Xiao Ran, do you want to defeat me and become famous in one battle?"

"I admit that it's not bad that your cultivation base has reached the first level of the demigod rank, but you're challenging me!"

Zhou Tian suddenly turned around, and numerous sharp swords floated around him.

Under his feet, a huge golden sword that was ten meters long and three meters wide appeared.

The huge sword was emitting a dazzling sharpness.

From Afar, one could feel an incomparably powerful sharpness!

"Haha, Fight!"

Xiao ran looked at Zhou Tian turning around and laughed out loud as well. He raised both his hands, and a flaming mountain peak appeared in the sky above him.

The Flaming Mountain Peak that was twenty to thirty kilometers tall appeared out of thin air. Everyone within a radius of a few hundred kilometers could see it clearly!

"Today, I will teach you a good lesson and let you know the strength of my Zhou Tian!"

When Zhou Tian saw the incomparably huge flaming mountain peak, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Slash!"

He let out a soft cry and the ten-meter long sword beneath him charged forward. With a terrifying speed, it turned into a length of ten thousand meters.

A golden light streaked across the sky!

"Fire Sky Peak!"

Xiao ran raised the incomparably huge fire mountain peak with both hands, smashing it towards the Golden Long Sword.

At the same time, he grabbed at the air, and clusters of fire clouds appeared in the air in front of him.

With a wave of his arm, they instantly covered the entire sky.

"Bang!"

The fire sky peak collided with the sharp sword, and the entire fire sky peak directly exploded.

The 10,000-meter-long sharp sword also dissipated in the explosion!

"What a fast rate of flame release!"

Zhou Tian's eyes flashed with surprise when he saw the fire cloud attack. He swept a glance at the exploding fiery peak, and with a wave of his hand, a golden dart appeared in his hand.

The Dart was the size of a palm, and it was emitting a terrifying light!

"Zero Point Edge!"

He waved his arm, and the dart brought with it a bright light as it directly attacked the fire clouds.

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

The dart pierced through the fire clouds and continued to attack Xiao ran.

"Control, fire meteorite!"

Seeing the dart attacking him, Xiao ran's expression did not change at all.

He waved his hands, and the fire mountain that had exploded in the air earlier turned into meteorites.

The flaming meteorites that had affected an area of dozens of kilometers swept across the sky.

"Damn it, what kind of control is this? He can actually wave an attack that has been scattered!"

Seeing the countless flaming meteorites heading toward him, his pupils constricted slightly, and his expression slowly became unsightly!

"This... This is a battle between demigods?"

"Hiss, the Dragon King's disciple is so strong. He can actually fight against the son of deity!"

"This is too terrifying. With such destructive power, it's too easy for a demigod to destroy an entire city!"

Below, everyone in Jiang city was watching the battle in the sky with a look of shock on their faces.

A battle between demigods was terrifying.

Wang Xian stood below, holding the hands of the two girls as he watched indifferently.

It had been more than ten years. It was not bad for his disciple to inherit his position in Jiang City!

This was once his starting point. Hopefully, it was also Xiao ran's starting point today!