Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1888: 1888 Xiao Ran’s Dragon Gate 5

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying explosion sounded in the sky above Jiang City.

Countless fire meteorites streaked across the sky, leaving a huge trail as they smashed towards Zhou Tian.

At this moment, Zhou Tian's entire body was emitting an incomparably dazzling golden light.

Every light could easily pierce through the fire meteorites.

He was like a golden god of war shining in the sky, directly attacking Xiao ran.

"Flame, Tathagata!"

Xiao ran's expression did not change as he looked at Zhou Tian who was rapidly attacking him.

He slowly raised his hand!

"Boom!"

A towering figure appeared behind him. The shadow formed by flames was like the Tathagata Buddha in the myths and novels!

The gigantic figure, which was at least 100,000 meters tall, slowly raised its palm and slapped towards Zhou Tian!

"Damn it, every attack is a large-scale attack. Does he have an endless supply of spiritual energy?"

Zhou Tian's face darkened when he saw the gigantic palm that almost covered the sky.

"Dharma Idol, Ling Xiao Flying Knife Slash!"

With a gloomy face, he roared and his body was instantly covered by a golden flying knife that was thousands of meters in size.

He waved his arm, and the golden flying knives that surrounded him immediately turned into palm-sized blades that pierced towards the flaming palm.

"WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!"

Countless terrifying blades directly pierced through the palm and attacked Xiao ran's body.

"Buzz!"

When Xiao ran saw Zhou Tian using his dharma idol, his expression froze as he slowly waved his left palm.

The flame tathagata behind him once again extended his palm and swung it toward the countless flying knives.

At the same time, he withdrew his right palm and slowly extended it.

Following this action, the flame tathagata behind him shrunk in size.

The shattered right palm gathered together and continued to attack Zhou Tian as Xiao ran swung it.

Two incomparably huge palms once again attacked Zhou Tian.

However, this wasn't the end. He continued to wave his palms.

One palm, two palms, three palms... ten palms!

Ten enormous flaming palms shot toward Zhou Tian one after another.

"How is this possible? How can a level 1 demigod be able to control flames like this? !"

Zhou Tian's expression changed dramatically as he watched the terrifying palms coming toward him one after another.

"I can't take it head-on!"

Zhou Tian's body moved and he hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Fire chains!"

Xiao ran saw that Zhou Tian wanted to dodge and his right leg shook lightly!

"Weng!"

A fire cloud appeared under his feet and spread towards his surroundings.

"Hualala!"

Following that, under everyone's shocked gazes, fire cloud chains extended out from the fire cloud!

The chains directly headed toward Zhou Tian to seal him.

"Damn it, damn it, how can he be so strong? How can he hide for so long!"

Zhou Tian's expression darkened when he saw the chains that were more than ten kilometers long heading toward him. A hint of panic appeared in his eyes.

He was the divine son ranked fourth in the Lingxiao treasured palace. Now, he had actually lost to the unknown Xiao ran.

"With your strength, why don't you get on the God Ascension List? Why Don't you become a divine son?"

Zhou Tian shouted at Xiao ran with an embarrassed expression.

Getting on the god Ascension list and becoming a divine son had enormous benefits.

Status was secondary. Resources could be obtained in many ways!

"So what if I'm not a divine son and won't get on the god Ascension list if I defeat you?"

Xiao ran waved his arm, and countless chains covered the sky.

In the sky, those huge palms also covered him.

The sky and the Earth were completely sealed!

"Xiao Ran's control over the flames is terrifying. He can control the flames so well without releasing his dharma idol. This... What kind of physique does he have? He's so abnormal!"

Everyone in River City watched the battle from below, their faces filled with shock.

Ji Lingfei looked at Xiao Ran's attacks one after another, and she was also slightly shocked.

After Xiao ran consumed the fruit given by his master, he became much stronger, especially his control over the flames.

This was completely crushing existences of the same level!

Unfortunately, she did not know much about the physique. She did not know that Xiao ran's current physique was the strongest physique with the fire attribute in the universe, the origin of Fire!

"So Strong. That Dragon King's disciple is so powerful. He can actually suppress the divine son and fight all the time. As expected of the Dragon King's Disciple!"

The people from Jiang City below were also looking at the battle in the sky in shock.

"Hualala!"

The loud sound of the flame chains in the sky spread across the entire Jiang City Sky, completely sealing Zhou Tian! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Ling Xiao Flying Knife Chop, Chop for me!"

Zhou Tian's expression was extremely ugly. With a furious roar, he transformed into a flying knife and slashed towards the chains!

"Crack Crack Crack!"

The chains broke one by one, but his speed was still a little slower.

In the sky, a palm gradually descended.

More than ten incomparably huge palms covered Zhou Tian in succession!

"Pu!"

He spat out fresh blood and a cloth strip appeared on his body.

On the strip of cloth, the three words 'God Ascension Roll'flickered with a luster, and helped him block more than half of the attacks.

However, even so, as the palms fell one by one, Zhou Tian still spat out blood, and his body fell downwards.

"Zhou Tian, you've lost!"

Xiao ran floated in the air, staring at him without the slightest fluctuation in his expression as he said condescendingly.

"I lost?"

When Zhou Tian heard this, he raised his head and looked up at Xiao ran. His expression changed drastically.

His extremely miserable body was filled with black burn marks.

"Let's Go!"

Zhou Tian glared fiercely at Xiao ran and growled in a low voice. Then, he turned around and left!

"Go!"

The rest of the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace who followed Zhou Tian looked at Xiao ran in surprise. Then, they turned around and left.

Xiao ran looked at their departing figures and a smile appeared on his face.

His body moved and he arrived in the sky in front of the song clan group. He looked down at everyone in Jiang City!

He took a deep breath as a trace of fighting spirit flickered in his eyes!

"Today, I, Xiao ran, will establish the Dragon Gate Academy in Jiang City. Those with talent can enter the academy to cultivate!"

"In the future, the Dragon Gate Academy will guard Jiang City's safety and enter the Dragon Gate Academy as a student of the Dragon Gate Academy. I will light the divine fire together with you!"

Xiao ran's voice resounded in everyone's mind.

"I will discuss the specific matters of the Dragon Gate Academy with the various families in Jiang City!"

He spoke slowly without much arrogance and arrogance.

However, when he defeated the fourth son of deity from the Ling Xiao Palace, everyone knew that he had the ability to do so.

Even if he didn't say that he was the king of Jiang City, in everyone's heart, they had already tacitly acknowledged him.

"Dragon Gate Academy?"

Below, Wang Xian listened to the forces established by Xiao ran. He mumbled and smiled faintly.