Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1889: 1889 demonic invasion

"The Dragon King's disciple has returned. Dragon Gate Academy? It really reminds people of the Dragon King from more than ten years ago!"

"Grandpa, who is the Dragon King? is the Dragon King Powerful?"

"Of course he's powerful. At that time, the Dragon King was invincible and suppressed the world for a lifetime. At that time, the Dragon King came from Our River City. Unfortunately, he disappeared more than ten years ago!"

"Do you think that if the Dragon King was still alive, would he still be invincible? Would he even be able to suppress the Lingxiao Treasure Palace?"

"How is that possible? Although the Dragon King was very strong at that time, he could not compare to the Lingxiao Treasure Palace. After all, the gods in the Lingxiao Treasure Palace had lived for tens of thousands of years. How long did the Dragon King Live?"

After Xiao ran announced the establishment of the Dragon Gate Academy, everyone who had gathered in the city center dispersed.

However, Xiao ran's appearance reminded the entire Jiang City of the Dragon King in the past!

That was the existence that was invincible at the beginning of the recovery of spiritual energy.

That was the myth of that era!

In that era, as long as one could have a relationship with the Dragon King, one would be above others and be respected!

Now, the disciple of the Dragon King had established the Dragon Gate Academy in Jiang City and gained the support of everyone in Jiang City.

In the past, the Dragon King was the glory of Jiang City. Now that the disciple of the Dragon King was the king of Jiang City, he could be considered to have inherited the position of master.

Xiao ran also had the ability to inherit the position!

Walking from the center of the city to the villa by the sea, Wang Xian heard the discussions around him and revealed a faint smile on his face.

It had been more than ten years. It seemed that everyone in Jiang City had not forgotten about him.

"Daddy, is the Dragon King that they are talking about you?"

Cai'er raised her head and asked Wang Xian.

"Yes. How is it? isn't Daddy Cool?"

Wang Xian smiled at Cai'er and patted her head.

"HMPH, Bad Daddy. You said that you would bring us to play, but now you're bringing us to watch others fight. It's boring!"

Hua'er said unhappily at the side!

"It's getting dark. It's time to go back to sleep!"

Wang Xian carried Cai'er and squatted down to signal to Hua'er.

"Hehe, Daddy, raise it high!"

Wang Xian raised Cai'er up. The flower on his back also wanted to sit on his neck.

"Hua'er, look at how big you are. Do you still want to be Daddy's Neck?"

Wang Xian said speechlessly.

"Yes, yes, yes. I'm not old at all. Giddyup!"

Hua'er grabbed Wang Xian's hair and said cheerfully.

Wang Xian smiled and led them to the villa.

He did not return with Xiao ran and the rest. Xiao ran was discussing the establishment of the Longmen Academy with the former disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect and the song family.

As they walked, the people of Jiang city around them were discussing. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The people around them didn't expect that the Dragon King they were talking about was right beside them.

After they returned to the villa and played with the two little girls for a while, they coaxed them to sleep.

Wang Xian was also sitting in front of the computer and playing games out of boredom.

Not to mention, after he had been away for more than ten years, there were some fun games that allowed him to pass the time.

At this moment, Xiao Ran's defeat of the fourth divine son caused a huge sensation on the internet.

In these few days, several million disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace came to the land and occupied a part of the land.

Every divine son, every expert on the god Ascension list, united or single-handedly occupied a part of the land and established their own strength.

When all the heroes came together, even those heaven's favorites could only join hands to contend with the divine sons!

Several heaven's favorites had fallen in the past few days!

Today, Xiao Ran, a disciple of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, defeated the fourth divine son and arrived at the Longmen Academy. Whether on Earth or for the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, it was an extremely sensational matter.

Everyone was clear about the strength of the fourth divine son, Zhou Tian.

Being able to defeat Zhou Tian represented Xiao Ran's strength. Among the younger generation of disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, he could be ranked in the top five!

This was definitely a strength that could not be underestimated. The Dragon Gate Academy had also entered everyone's sights.

Especially when the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace knew that Ji Lingfei was also in this faction!

Time passed slowly. Xiao ran was busy with the establishment of the Dragon Gate Academy all day long!

The Qin family, Xue family, and Song family had built villas around Wang Xian.

The disciples of Dragon Gate had also moved over.

Ten days later, the construction of Dragon Gate Academy was basically completed. Dragon Gate Academy had been disbanded. The group of DRAKONIDS who were fine had joined Dragon Gate Academy.

They joined the academy to be teachers.

There were more than forty drakonids in total. Each of them had the strength of a peak-stage insightful emptiness realm expert. It was a huge luxury to be a teacher.

Xiao ran was happy for a long time that the DRAKONIDS could enter the academy and become teachers.

With a group of DRAKONIDS, the Dragon Gate Academy would definitely rise.

The establishment of the Dragon Gate Academy was basically completed. It would be able to recruit the first batch of students of the Dragon Gate Academy soon.

The Dragon Gate Academy had also become a force that everyone in Jiang City wanted to join.

"When is the academy preparing to officially teach?"

On the evening of the thirteenth day, Wang Xian sat at the top of the villa with a smile on his face.

Beside him, two little girls were playing by the side. Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, Liu Mengxin, and the song family were sitting at the front.

"Master, we are preparing to recruit the first batch of students in two days. Apart from Dragon Gate Academy, we have also established an Enlightenment Academy!"

"The earth is undergoing a drastic change. If we can seize this opportunity, we will be able to nurture many strong people. If the opportunity is good, we will be able to become gods!"

Xiao ran said while pondering.

"Yes! The Earth's change will take at least another ten to twenty years to end. This era is an opportunity for everyone!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Currently, he was extremely carefree. The first change on earth had already passed. He didn't catch up with the time and didn't reap any benefits.

He only managed to get two young masters who served them every day.

The second mutation had already begun, but he was waiting for it now!

"Master, recently, someone went to the dark ancient lands to investigate. They discovered that there were a large number of dark demonic beasts in the dark ancient lands. The demons and monsters that appeared in the city a few days ago were just a small part of the population!"

"According to the Internet, there will be a type of demonic nucleus after killing those dark demonic beasts. The effect of using it to cultivate is better than using spirit stones!"

Xiao ran said to Wang Xian from the side.

"Oh? Demon Nucleus?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. There weren't any demon nuclei among the demonic beasts on the supernatural continent.

"HMM?"

At this moment, Wang Xian moved slightly.

He stood up slowly and looked towards the direction of the ocean!

"What's wrong, Master?"

Xiao ran and the rest were slightly stunned when they saw Wang Xian's actions. They immediately asked.

"There are a large number of demonic beasts flying out from the dark ancient land a few hundred kilometers away!"

Wang Xian said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Get people to prepare. The disaster is coming!"