Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1890: On the projection of the nine dragons in the Divine Mountain 1890

"What? A disaster?"

Xiao ran stood up abruptly when he heard Wang Xian's words. His eyes were filled with shock.

He looked at the vast ocean in front of him and his expression changed slightly.

"According to the historical records, there is an ancient and evil force in the starry sky where Earth is located. They summoned a group of evil creatures through a formation and caused a war in the entire Starfield!"

"The entire starfield erupted into a terrifying battle. The former Earth was torn into pieces, and thousands of gods were killed. The entire Starfield was reduced to ruins, and only a few people managed to escape

"These dark, evil creatures should be the evil creatures that were left behind!"

Ji Lingfei's face was solemn, and the crystal between her eyebrows was shining.

"Ao Xingmu, you stay here and protect Hua er and Cai'er. Ao Jian, let's go and take a look!"

Wang Xian didn't say anything else. His body shook and he disappeared instantly.

"Xiao ran, let's inform the entire Jiang City immediately. Even if there are thousands of demonic beasts entering the city, it's not something that ordinary people can withstand!"

Ji Lingfei immediately said to Xiao ran.

"Yes!"

Xiao ran's expression changed slightly, and he immediately nodded.

"Demons have invaded. Everyone in Jiang City, be careful. All members of Dragon Gate Academy, immediately head to the seaside to defend!"

Xiao ran floated in the sky, and his voice resounded throughout the entire Jiang City!

"What? What Happened?"

"It's principal Xiao's voice. Demons have invaded? Is there a demon that wants to enter our Jiang City?"

At this moment, everyone in Jiang City had a slight change in expression.

The demonic invasion of the city was seen by everyone on the Internet.

Although there was no demonic invasion of Jiang City, no one was sure if it would happen.

"With the protection of the experts from Dragon Gate Academy, there shouldn't be any problem. It shouldn't be!"

Some people were praying in fear.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When Wang Xian appeared in the sky above the dark ancient land in the ocean hundreds of kilometers away, he heard a series of crazy roars.

The roars were filled with violence. It was definitely not something that an ordinary demonic beast could produce.

One by one, demonic beasts flew out from the dark ancient land and crawled out.

Their blood-red eyes stared at their surroundings.

There were seven to eight types of demonic beasts. Some were like enlarged flies, with sharp weapons all over their bodies.

Some were similar to the demon gods who attacked the soaring heavens treasured palace.

Some were like insects, looking extremely sticky and pitch-black.

Some had blood-red eyes all over their bodies, looking extremely horrifying.

They came out of the dark ancient land, some went into the sea, and some flew into the sky.

There were at least tens of millions of them. Their strength ranged from the extraordinary realm to the demigod realm!

Wang Xian stared at the ancient land of darkness. The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang five elements could not see through it.

However, he knew that there was at least a demon god that was comparable to two wisps of divine fire!

"I wonder what's inside!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and scanned his surroundings.

Under his senses, not only did the creatures from the dark ancient land rush out, the other creatures from the dark ancient land also rushed out.

Among them, there were tens of millions of creatures from the dark ancient land rushing towards the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

"Heavenly soldiers and generals, kill this bunch of demons!"

An extremely cold voice came from the sky above the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace.

A dense group of 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals held long spears and halberds in their hands. They stood on the clouds and charged towards the demons.

"The Lingxiao treasured palace is under attack. If there are no heavenly soldiers and generals in other places to defend, they will be easily destroyed!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly!

"Attack! We must not let go of demons above the demigod level!"

Wang Xian said immediately. With a wave of his arm, the five elements millstone appeared beneath him and pressed downwards.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Seeing the sudden appearance of the extremely terrifying five elements millstone, the demonic beasts below let out furious roars.

In an instant, millions of demonic beasts stared at Wang Xian. Regardless of whether they were in the transcendence, void interpretation, or demigod level, they all attacked the five elements millstone.

"What Kind of demonic beast is this? It's so violent!"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. The five elements Millstone was spinning slowly.

Buzz

A destructive energy millstone was spinning slowly downwards.

All the demonic beasts were crushed into flesh and blood under the energy millstone.

In an instant, millions of demonic beasts were turned into blood.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the phantom image of the Divine Shadow Kingdom appeared behind him. All the blood entered the Divine Shadow Kingdom.

Splash

In the Dragon Transformation Pool of the Dragon Palace, streams of dragon blood flowed into the dragon transformation pool from the heads of the nine dragon pillars.

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

All of a sudden, terrifying sounds rang out in the dark ancient land.

The sound instantly covered the entire earth.

In the dark ancient land, a few pairs of huge eyes appeared.

These pairs of eyes were staring at Wang Xian, Ao Jian, and Ao Qitian!

"Godly state demonic beasts!"

Wang Xian looked over with a hint of seriousness in his eyes. The Dragon Eyes of the five elements of yin and yang were staring at them coldly.

Ao Jian and AO qitian were also staring at them coldly.

Wang Xian and the other two looked at the godly state demonic beasts in the dark ancient land quietly.

Since they did not attack, Wang Xian did not dare to rush in recklessly.

A few minutes later, those pairs of eyes disappeared.

There was no movement in the ancient lands of darkness below. There were no traces of demonic beasts rushing over either.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, there was a flash of dark light in the ancient lands of darkness below. Some demonic beasts were brought out in all directions by the light!

"Eh? They actually teleported demonic beasts out directly!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly.

"I can't stop him. Go back and guard Jiang City!"

He had an idea and returned to the villa by the sea in Jiang City.

When he arrived, Xiao ran led a group of Dragon Gate Academy's disciples to guard the place by the sea.

The entire Jiang city was brightly lit!

"If there are any monsters that are stronger than them, Ao Jian, make your move!"

Wang Xian stood on the villa. His eyes were sparkling as he looked at a few locations and said to Ao Jian.

"It's the Dragon King!" Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Ao jian nodded.

"That terrifying howl came from the front. Everyone, be careful!"

"There are a few black shadows flying over from the front. Get Ready!"

Around the coastal area, Xiao ran led a group of experts from the Dragon Gate Academy to stare at the vast ocean in front of them and roared loudly!

Just now, Wang Xian had only killed a few million demonic beasts. There were also quite a number of fish that escaped the net as well as the demonic beasts that were teleported out from the dark ancient land!

If Jiang City didn't have any experts guarding it when these demonic beasts attacked, it would definitely be destroyed.

At the same time, there were no other experts like Wang Xian in the other locations of the dark ancient land to suppress them. Countless demonic beasts were densely packed and attacked the human gathering.

Just when everyone was shocked and even the disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace were filled with despair, something happened!

The Divine Mountains began to shine!

Nine Shadows of nine dragons appeared in nine places in the east!