Chapter 1891: In the 1891 Divine Mountain’s nine dragons’apparition

The Earth Tonight was sleepless.

When roars came from the dark ancient lands, when tens of millions of demons from the dark ancient lands attacked the soaring heavens treasured palace.

In every city, everyone came to the open space in shock to take a look.

Especially those cities that were closer to the dark ancient lands. In less than half an hour after the roars sounded, there were experts floating in the sky who saw the demons running towards them.

Those incomparably sinister Dark Yao Xie's blood-red eyes were filled with a tyrannical aura.

At this moment, everyone was incomparably shocked.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"What a terrifying demonic beast, what a violent aura. It's over, it's over!"

"No no, how could there be so many Yao Xie? How could it be? If not for the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace taking action, all of us would have been devoured by the Demonic Beasts!"

Terrified voices rang out one after another, and everyone's faces were filled with shock.

Some disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were also trembling violently in their hearts!

"Buzz!"

When the demons were wreaking havoc on the ground, more than ten ancient mountains in the east bloomed with divine light.

Mount Tai, Mount Huang, emei, Mount Lu, Mount Everest, Mount Changbai, Mount Hua, Wuyi, Mount Heng, Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, and many other divine mountains bloomed with a dazzling light.

The light covered a radius of several thousand kilometers.

"Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Under the cover of the Divine Light, the demonic beasts immediately revealed expressions of fear and panic.

Their berserk faces revealed expressions of fear, and their bodies trembled slightly.

Their strength was completely suppressed!

"What... What's going on?"

Everyone looked at the divine light that was emitted by the Divine Mountains, and their faces revealed expressions of shock and excitement.

The divine light could weaken and even suppress the demonic beasts.

"I know. Hundreds of thousands of years ago, many gods and even the eternal god Lord suppressed these demonic beasts. The demonic beasts died, the gods died, and some demonic beasts revived. Some of the things left behind by the gods and the blood of the gods can still suppress the ordinary demonic beasts!"

The eyes of some disciples of the Soaring Heavens Palace were shining!

The people in the cities looked at the divine light on the Divine Mountain and felt that they had survived a disaster!

"I wonder how long this divine light can last!"

Some people thought to themselves.

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, dragon roars resounded in the world.

At the edge of the eight cities, at the bottom of the sea where the Spirit Sea Palace used to be, a shadow suddenly appeared.

It had a head like a camel, horns like a deer, eyes like a rabbit, ears like a cow, a neck like a snake, a belly like a clam, scales like a carp, claws like an eagle, and palms like a tiger...

The illusory figure was formed from energy, but it had the eye of a real dragon!

This was the Divine Dragon!

The Universe Divine Dragon!

The Divine Dragon appeared out of thin air. It was over 10,000 meters long, and it looked like a diamond in the night sky!

The nine divine dragons rose into the sky and let out a dragon roar in unison, shocking the entire world!

"Roar Roar!"

The nine divine dragons hovered in the air, looking down at this piece of land, guarding the entire land!

"Buzz!"

At the same time, the Nine Divine Dragons released an incomparably terrifying dragon might.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Below, all the demonic beasts around this piece of land lay on the ground in pain, blood slowly oozing out from their bodies.

The blood flowed into the ground at a terrifying speed!

"This is? Oh My God, this is a divine dragon, the legendary Divine Dragon!"

At this moment, the entire world was shocked.

Everyone stared blankly at the Divine Dragon that had suddenly appeared. Their faces were filled with shock.

A divine dragon had actually appeared!

"How is this possible? A divine dragon has actually condensed in the dragon vein below!"

At the same time, in the sky above the soaring heavens treasured palace, when the figures heard the nine dragon roars, they immediately appeared in the sky.

They floated in the sky and looked down at the Divine Dragon that was as powerful as hell. Their eyes were also filled with shock.

"The place where the dragon veins are located is filled with outstanding people and Earth Spirits. I've investigated the nine dragon veins on earth before. Although they aren't weaker than the other dragon veins in the boundless galaxy, it's absolutely impossible for them to condense!"

"This is not just condensed. These divine dragons have souls. They actually have souls. In this dragon vein, there used to be the blood of the Divine Dragons, but it was only condensed to this extent

"Didn't the Divine Dragon Clan perish together with the insect clan billions of years ago? Now, billions of years have passed in the entire Dragon Tomb Starfield, and it is still dead silent

"Billions of years ago, the Divine Dragon clan was destroyed, but there are still some creatures with the divine dragon bloodline and some sub-dragons. The Divine Dragon condensed below should be a drop of the sub-dragon's blood that fell into the dragon vein and revived it

"Only the soul doesn't have a physical body. Moreover, its current power hasn't reached the divine realm yet. However, this is definitely a supreme treasure!"

A few figures said with faces full of shock.

After one of them finished speaking, his figure flashed and instantly disappeared in the sky above the Lingxiao treasured palace.

The other figures also moved. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In an instant, they arrived above the divine dragons one by one. Their five fingers formed into claws and the divine dragons clawed at them.

Weng

However, the moment he caught them, a few of the divine dragons coldly glanced at him and disappeared in an instant!

"Only the soul doesn't have a physical body. Even we can't find them if they enter the dragon vein. Damn it!"

A God looked at the disappearing divine dragons with an extremely pained expression.

Divine Dragons, they were the pinnacle existences in the universe.

Even if it was a sub-dragon, to them, it was a precious treasure.

Even if it was placed in the boundless starry sky, it would cause all the gods to fight for it!

However, he also understood that even if it was such a weak divine dragon, if it didn't acknowledge them, they wouldn't be able to capture it.

Unless, an even stronger existence refined the entire planet!

However, with Earth's current mutation, the nine divine dragons might be able to condense a physical body in a few years.

At that time, they would roam the starry skies, wanting to capture or even subdue them. That would be a Fool's dream!

"Damn it, I really did not expect that Earth would have such a divine item. If anyone can obtain a dragon soul, forget about becoming an ancestor of the gods in the future, even immortality might be possible!"

The Gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace returned to the sky with extremely ugly expressions.

The Earth's metamorphosis and the Divine Mountain blooming with divine light were all within their expectations. Only the appearance of the Divine Dragon surprised them!

"Unfortunately, we have already tried it ourselves just now!"

The faces of the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace were filled with unwillingness!

The divine mountain shone and suppressed Yaoxie!

The Divine Dragon Rose into the sky and suppressed the evil spirits!

In Jiang City, on a villa near the sea, there was no divine radiance enveloping the surroundings of Jiang city. There were no divine dragons rising into the sky either.

One evil spirit after another continued to attack in this direction.

Wang Xian stood in the sky above the villa and looked at the nine divine dragons that were slowly disappearing in the sky. A faint smile appeared on his face.

More than ten years ago, even before the recovery of the spiritual energy, he had dripped nine drops of the blood of the divine dragons into the dragon vein.

The recovery of the spiritual energy had strengthened the dragon vein, and some of his dragon blood had also condensed into a dragon soul!

When the Divine Dragon Rose into the sky, he had felt it!

It was him!