Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1892: Under the projection of the nine dragons on the 1892 Divine Mountain

"I didn't expect this. I really didn't expect that a drop of blood from the past would actually give birth to a dragon soul!"

Wang Xian stood at the top of the villa with a pleasantly surprised look on his face!

The dragon vein on Earth back then was just a very small and ordinary dragon vein.

His drop of Divine Dragon's blood was just a weak drop.

However, when Wang Xian saw the divine dragon's phantom floating in the air, he felt that he had nine more clones.

This was a very strange feeling. The clones had a hint of intelligence, but he could sense the existence of the clones.

He could control the clones. However, the nine clones seemed to be restricted within a fixed range. They could not leave this range.

"Nine Dragon Souls. Their strength has already reached the peak of the demigod realm. What a great fortune!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

The nine dragon veins had recovered their spiritual energy. Under the influence of various opportunities, the dragon souls that were born had already reached the peak of the demigod realm. They were just one step away from reaching the godly state.

He could keep these nine dragon souls in his body. Similarly, they could also be his clones.

This was a great opportunity. It was definitely a great opportunity!

"The Divine Mountain Will Shine, the nine dragons will rise into the sky, and I will kill Yaoxie. Regardless of whether it is the Divine Mountain, the land of dragon veins, or killing Yaoxie, all of them can raise one's cultivation base rapidly. It seems that all of Earth's cultivation base will be able to increase tremendously in the future!"

Wang Xian looked at the location by the sea.

Over there, Xiao ran and the rest killed Yaoxie one by one. In the body of the Yaoxie that they killed, there was a shiny, diamond-like demonic core!

The demonic core contained a huge amount of energy.

By absorbing the demonic beast, the cultivation of the cultivator would receive a huge boost.

"Eh? The tectonic plates of the continent are moving at an accelerated speed!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked towards the west. The continents had started to gather and would form a continent.

"At this speed, I'm afraid there will only be one continent on Earth in a few hours!"

Wang Xian looked at the gigantic holy mountain of light that gradually appeared in his line of sight. It was the holy church in the west. Its influence was similar to that of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace!

There were also pyramids that were dozens of times taller than before. There were a total of six pyramids like this.

Some people guessed that there was a god in each of the pyramids. Similarly, it was also a major influence!

Finally, there was the Fiery Palace of the god of fire. The faction of the Palace of the god of fire was slightly weaker than the other three. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The Weakest Divine Sea Palace had already been destroyed by Wang Xian.

"Soon, the entire Earth will be on a piece of land. In that case, all the heaven's favorites in the world will start to compete. The disciples of the big factions will also start to compete!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

However, Wang Xian didn't take the so-called Heaven's favorites to heart. What he was more concerned about was how many gods there were in the four major forces and how strong they were!

At the same time, on some other continents, in the sky above the holy church, the palace of the god of fire, and the pyramids.

Numerous vast figures appeared in the sky!

In front of them, a group of disciples knelt down.

"The nine dragons rise into the sky. If anyone can obtain the dragon soul and form the true dragon body, they will become gods and ancestors in the future!"

"When the continents become one, you will go and look for this opportunity. This is the biggest opportunity on this planet!"

The gods of the three forces stared at the dragon God figures with burning eyes.

Earlier, two of the godly dragon silhouettes were very close to them and they had tried to catch them.

However, the Godly Dragon was nowhere to be seen and they had completely missed!

To obtain a dragon soul, one needed a great opportunity and it had nothing to do with strength.

If a disciple could obtain a dragon soul, they would become the son of a true dragon and become a god in the future.

He could even cross to a higher realm!

"Divine Dragon, Dragon Soul!"

When all the disciples heard the words of the gods, their eyes were filled with desire and fervor!

Just now, when the gods made a move to capture the dragon soul, everyone saw it clearly.

Unfortunately, none of the gods could succeed.

If they could obtain a treasure that even the gods desired, it was almost 100% .

This made all the disciples'hearts burn with passion.

After the Earth's continent became one, they were ready to step onto it to seek opportunities!

At the same time, the nine dragons rose into the sky and the gods captured them!

This scene was clearly seen by everyone.

This made everyone on earth extremely shocked.

There was actually a divine dragon on Earth.

Tonight, it was a sleepless night for the entire Earth!

After Yao Xie was suppressed by the Divine Mountain's divine light, some experts attacked Yao Xie.

After killing Yao Xie, they obtained a demon core and increased their strength.

The effect of a demon core was thousands of times more than a spirit stone.

After this news was spread, the forces that the skyscraping treasured Palace's experts had just established began to crazily attack Yao Xie.

In the past, the demigod level Yao Xie was suppressed at the profound void realm. Killing one of them was a huge profit!

Soon, more and more experts joined the ranks of attacking Yao Xie.

The entire land was filled with the sounds of fighting and Yao Xie's roars.

In the second half of the night, tens of millions of Yao Xie began to flee.

They also realized that under the coverage of the Divine Light, they were no match for humans.

Yao Xie withdrew from the area covered by the divine light, withdrew from the area covered by the dragon vein, and became active in the ocean!

Some humans chased after him into the ocean, but they soon learned their lesson!

"More than thirty thousand Yao Xie. Haha, More Than Thirty Thousand Yao cores. We've gained a lot!"

At this moment, an excited voice came from the seaside of Jiang City when Dawn was about to break.

"Although most of them are at the transcendent level, these Yao cores can improve us a lot

"Moreover, the claws and scales of these demon corpses are very special. They can be used to forge weapons!"

Xiao ran looked at the corpses around him and a smile appeared on his face.

The group had fought for an entire night and had gained a lot. To the faction that they had just established, these resources had increased their foundation by a lot.

"Dean, a lot of big things have happened tonight. The continent has completely become one. The disciples of the Holy Church, the Fire God Palace, and the pyramid faction have already appeared on our land!"

"Last night, the evil demons invaded, the Divine Mountain showed its light, and the Divine Dragon Rose into the sky. Some people said that whoever can get the dragon soul can become the ancestor of the gods. It's very lively on the Internet now!"

A young man walked to Xiao Ran's side and said to him!

"Really? Although the evil demons haven't appeared here for half an hour, we can't be careless. One-third of our people will stay here and guard. The rest of us will rest. We'll replace them in eight hours!"

Xiao ran slightly raised his eyebrows and said to the people around him.

"Yes!"