Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1893: Half a year after 1893

"The nine dragons rise into the sky. The nine dragons come from the dragon veins and have already condensed the soul of the true dragon. According to the legends of the gods, whoever can get the dragon soul can become the ancestor of the gods!"

"Yaoxie is active in the ocean beyond the divine light. He gained a lot by killing Yaoxie Last Night!"

"The demon core can greatly improve a person's cultivation. According to the test, after absorbing twenty demon cores and comprehending the abhijna or dharma idol, one can immediately improve!"

"The continent has become one. Disciples from the other three forces have entered. The saint of the Saint Hall has led a group of experts to roam at the foot of the Divine Mountain of Mount Hua!"

"Nine Dragon Souls, the greatest opportunity on Earth. Whoever can obtain it will become the ancestor of the gods!"

At noon, Wang Xian sat in the living room. He flipped through his phone and looked at the messages on the Internet.

What happened last night was known as the beginning of the second mutation on Earth!

Regardless of whether it was the invasion of the demonic beasts, the emergence of the Divine Mountain, or the ascension of the nine dragons, all of them represented the beginning of an era.

The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had just arrived. With the unification of the mainland, the already chaotic situation changed once again.

The gods from the four major forces seemed to have tacitly agreed not to participate in the competition for the disciples below.

It could be said that they did not care about the competition for the disciples below.

When a divine kingdom appeared, they would personally go out and enter the divine kingdom to search for treasures.

Currently, the thirty to forty divine kingdoms that appeared on earth had all been searched by the gods. The rest of them were just following behind and drinking soup!

The second mutation began. The dark ancient land appeared, and evil appeared.

It was still difficult for them to obtain the only dragon soul that made them extremely hot!

In the eyes of the gods, the most precious thing in the second mutation was the dragon soul.

Of course, the Godhead of the evil spirits in the divine realm was also a huge treasure. However, if they wanted to obtain it, they might die!

"I didn't expect that when I dripped the blood of the divine dragon into the dragon vein back then, it became the greatest opportunity for the second mutation on Earth!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly.

He closed his eyes slightly and Wang Xian instantly sensed the location of the nine Dragon Souls.

The Nine Dragon Souls were hidden at nine locations in the dragon vein, tens of thousands of meters underground.

Even a God wouldn't be able to catch them underground.

Even if they were caught, it would be useless.

This was because these nine dragon souls belonged to someone.

Wang Xian allowed the nine divine dragons to develop on their own.

He did not bother with the forces established by Xiao ran.

Just like the gods of the four major forces, there were no treasures on earth that could attract him to make a move.

Now, he just needed to hide behind and wait.

After that, Wang Xian spent the entire day playing with the two little girls, drinking tea, playing games, and watching interesting things on the internet. It was very interesting!

Xiao ran's Longmen Academy had already recruited the first batch of disciples. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Some of the Dragonmen who already had a family were acting as tutors and teaching the students. They were also able to receive resources. This made the Dragonmen very satisfied.

As for people like Demon No. 156 who were restless, they followed Xiao ran and hunted demonic beasts in the ocean!

This was because Wang Xian had killed millions of demonic beasts in an instant back then. As a result, the number of demonic beasts in the dark ancient land was much lower.

This allowed them to reap a lot of benefits.

Jiang City, an area that was not covered by the divine radiance, became a good place to hunt demonic beasts instead.

As time passed, more and more people entered Jiang City to hunt demonic beasts. This also increased the number of people in Jiang City, a small city.

A few months later, something happened in Dragon Gate Academy that caused a huge commotion in the entire academy!

More and more people entered River City. Dragon Gate Academy was a major force that was currently in the limelight.

The founder of Dragon Gate Academy, Xiao Ran, defeated the fourth divine son, and his voice shook the entire continent.

And the reason why Dragon Gate Academy was in a stir was because of the group of DRAKONIDS.

Some people discovered that the teachers of Dragon Gate Academy were all experts at the peak of the insightful void realm.

Peak of the insightful void realm was also an existence at the divine son realm among the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. One had to know that the fifth divine son who had died, as well as the divine sons behind the fifth divine son, were all at the peak of the insightful void realm.

When everyone learned that the dozen or so instructors of Longmen Academy were all at the peak of the insightful void realm, they shocked the entire world!

Think about it. A peak of the insightful void realm expert was a teacher, and he was teaching students. What kind of concept was this?

This was equivalent to a former Tsinghua and Peking University professor coming to an elementary school to teach students.

How could this not be shocking!

After the news spread, Longmen Academy announced that it was recruiting students and disciples!

In the past, parents would do anything to get their children to go to a good school!

Now, all the parents were doing the same.

Countless people came to Jiang city, wanting to send their children to Longmen Academy!

There were also many strong people who joined Longmen Academy because of their fame!

For a time, Longmen Academy was in the limelight!

In just two short months, the number of students in Longmen Academy reached more than 5,000.

About 30 Dragonmen and some insightful void realm experts from Dragon Gate Academy were teaching in the Academy!

A total of about 30 peak insightful void realm instructors shook the other factions once again!

This caused the reputation of Dragon Gate Academy to rise once again.

The existence of Dragon Gate Academy, coupled with the fact that Jiang city was very close to a dark ancient land, allowing them to hunt demonic beasts, caused Jiang City to rise.

Half a year later, the entire area of Jiang City had almost doubled.

Half a year later, the various large factions began to stabilize, forming twenty factions of one sect, two clans, three courtyards, four mountains, five religions, six sects, and some unspecialized people!

These twenty factions were all the factions on Earth.

They included the factions established by the disciples of the Sacred Hall, the disciples of the Fire God Palace, and the disciples of the pyramid!

Of course, there were still some small forces below these twenty forces.

These small forces could not be compared to these twenty forces!

Other than these twenty forces, there were also the prodigy roll, divine son roll, and divine son roll!

This roll was the ranking of everyone on the Internet!

In the past half a year, other than the rise and stability of the major forces, the entire Earth was also filled with wars.

The war between humans and demons. Humans killed demons to obtain demon cores. Demons wanted to devour humans to increase their strength.

On the battlefield of the ocean, there were countless battles!

"Daddi, Daddi, come out and play with us!"

At noon, Wang Xian, who was at the top of the villa, heard the voices of the two girls below!

"You're already so big, play by yourself!"

Wang Xian opened his eyes and shouted towards the location below.

"No, Bad Daddi, Bad Daddi, play with US quickly!"

"Bang!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, the sound of flowers rang in his ears. Following that, he saw a body pouncing towards him and hugging his neck directly!

"Didn't I play with you guys this morning? You two little guys are really troublesome!"

Wang Xian looked at the two girls. In half a year's time, they looked like they were already twelve or thirteen years old!

They were 1.4 meters tall and had two ponytails. They were full of energy and were pure Lolis!

"Gouzi and the rest have gone to school. No one is playing with us. Daddi, I want to go to school too!"