Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1894: 1894 true dragon son of heaven

"Going to school?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard Hua'er's words. The corner of his mouth twitched when he saw the expectant expressions on the two girls'faces!

"You two little girls, your strength has already reached the third level of the demigod realm. Why are you still going to school?"

Wang Xian looked at them speechlessly and said.

"Gouzi said that there are many students in the school playing together. They can all go to school, so why can't we go? HMPH, we'll go too, we'll go too!"

Hua'er and Cai'er stood beside Wang Xian and shook his arm!

"Alright, let's go. I'll bring you guys to school. It's good that you guys go to school too, so you don't have to torture me at home!"

"Also, those little guys aren't called Gouzi!"

Wang Xian thought for a moment and said to them.

"HMPH, Bad Daddi. They just want us to leave. They'll be called Gouzi. Gouzi sounds good!"

Hua'er pouted and raised her head.

The dog they were referring to was a child from the song family and the DRAKONID families. The two little girls directly called them dogs!

"Wait a minute, I'll give your brother Xiao ran a call!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he took out his phone and gave Xiao ran a call!

"What? Master, Hua'er and Cai'er want to go to school!"

"Yes, are you in school? Arrange a class for them!"

"Yes, yes, master. I'll go to Your Villa Now!"

"No, let Daddy Send Us There!"

While Wang Xian was talking to Xiao ran, Hua'er said directly from the side.

"I'll send them there!"

Wang Xian pinched Hua'er's cheeks and said to Xiao ran.

"Then, I'll wait for you at the entrance of the Academy!"

"Let's go. I'll send you to the Academy!"

Wang Xian stood up and held the hands of the two girls.

"It's time to go to school!"

The two girls walked out excitedly.

Longmen Academy looked extremely majestic from afar. It was located at the center of Jiang City.

It was covered by a formation, revealing its mysteriousness and power.

At the entrance of Longmen Academy, two hundred-meter-long divine dragons were coiled on the dragon pillars.

There was a dragon pearl in the mouth of the Divine Dragons!

The entrance of the entire Longmen Academy looked majestic.

One of the twenty powers on Earth, one of the three academies!

"Master!"

When Wang Xian brought the two little girls to the entrance, Xiao ran immediately came down to welcome them!

"Arrange a class for the two little girls and let them study!"

Wang Xian instructed Xiao ran.

"Yes, master. Leave Hua'er and Cai'er's matters to me!"

Xiao ran immediately said respectfully!

"Follow your brother Xiao ran!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"Go, go. Don't forget to pick us up after school, Dad!"

Cai'er shouted at him.

"Okay, okay. Don't cause any trouble in school, Got It?"

Wang Xian instructed.

"We're so cute. How could we cause trouble?"

Hua'er pouted and said to him.

"Okay, okay!"

Wang Xian waved at them!

"Huh?"

Suddenly, Wang Xian's body stiffened. He narrowed his eyes slightly.

With a flash, he disappeared from the spot.

When he reappeared, he was in the sky above the land of the nine dragons.

The so-called land of the nine dragons was what people called the land where the nine dragons rose into the sky.

Below the peak of the Dragon Range Mountain, a short and ugly young man was located 10,000 meters underground.

At this moment, he was holding an array disk in his hand. On the array disk, there was a needle. The needle was in the shape of a divine dragon!

The entire array board was extremely mystical. At a glance, it was obvious that it wasn't an ordinary object!

"Keke, dragon-seeking array. I didn't expect the dragon-seeking array to be so useful. It wasn't in vain. I almost died over a hundred thousand years ago for this treasure. I didn't expect it to be of great use this time!"

"As long as I find the Dragon Soul and occupy it, I'll be able to condense a divine dragon body. Not only will I be able to recover to my peak, I'll also be able to become even stronger. Who knows, I might even be able to reach above the eternal God Lord. hahaha!"

Excited voices rang out from ten thousand meters underground. The short youth's eyes were filled with excitement and madness!

"If I can gather the nine dragons, I can kill even those gods outside. At that time, all the opportunities on Earth will be mine!"

"Dragon Seeking Array, guide me!"

"Over there, Haha, you won't be able to escape from my hands!"

The young man looked at the Dragon Head's guidance on the formation plate. His eyes were filled with excitement. His body moved and he dashed forward.

His body was unobstructed underground, just like a fish in the ocean.

"Dragon-seeking Formation? An item of the godly state?"

Wang Xian looked at the young man below. His eyes revealed a hint of surprise.

"A fallen God with a treasure. No wonder he was able to find the location of the Dragon Soul. It seems that some gods can't be underestimated!"

He muttered while floating in the air.

When he saw the young man coming to the front of the dragon soul, his eyes flashed with an inexplicable luster.

"Since you want the Dragon Soul, I'll give it to you!"

When Wang Xian heard the young man's words, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. A devilish expression appeared on his face.

"Crouching Dragon Formation, trap me!"

"Hahaha, hahaha, I've got it, I've got it. I can't believe that I have such a great opportunity when I wake up. Haha!"

"I'll draw the Dragon Soul into my body and cultivate the body of a divine dragon. In the future, I'll become a divine dragon and soar across the world!"

Wild laughter came out of the earthen sun's mouth. He stared at the trapped dragon soul in front of him and was extremely excited.

The Dragon Soul was more than ten meters in size, and its entire body was emitting a majestic aura. Trapped within the array, it twisted its body and struggled!

"Keke, don't even think about escaping. The Dragon Ambush Array is a treasure at the peak of the deity realm. It's easy to deal with a dragon soul that hasn't become a deity and doesn't have much intelligence!"

The earth descendant laughed as the spot on his chest slowly cracked open. His entire chest was like a black hole!

"Come in, enter my body!"

The dragon seeking array in his hand glowed as the dragon soul directly flew towards his chest.

"Weng!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Hahaha, I succeeded. I Am the True Dragon's son of Heaven!"

The youth laughed maniacally once again.

His eyes lit up as he looked at his hands. A few minutes later, he sensed the dragon soul in his body and smiled.

His body moved and he flew into the distance.

The moment he flew out of the ground, he couldn't help but raise his head. "Roar!"

"Roar!"

A dragon roar resounded through heaven and earth.

At this moment, everyone in the land of the nine dragons was slightly shocked.

The Familiar Dragon's roar sounded once again!

"Haha!"

The earth descendant laughed maniacally as he flew into the distance.

Boom! Boom! Boom

When he flew out of the region of the dragon vein, the ground began to shake.

Rumble

The area of the dragon vein began to collapse!

The Dragon Soul was taken away, and the dragon vein disappeared!

"It was taken away by a fallen God. The speed at which the dragon soul grows should be faster than here in the dragon vein!"

"In order for the Dragon Soul to advance to the godly state, it needs to condense a body of flesh and blood. I hope this fellow can give me some strength!"

Wang Xian saw everything and smiled.