Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chapter 1895: In 1895, on the Little Devil of the Dragon Gate Academy

It was just Wang Xian's intention for the country bumpkin to obtain the Dragon Soul!

With the strength of the Dragon Soul and the power of the dragon vein, it was undoubtedly wishful thinking for the country bumpkin, a mere powerhouse at the third level of the demigod realm, to capture the dragon soul.

Wang Xian saw that this fellow was the reincarnation of a god, so he did not stop him from keeping it in his body.

However, if Wang Xian wanted to take the dragon soul over, as long as he had a thought, the body of that country bumpkin would explode and be devoured by the Dragon Soul.

In fact, Wang Xian could even use the dragon soul to possess that fellow's body directly.

By letting him keep the dragon soul in his body, it would allow him to increase the strength of the dragon soul rapidly.

With a resurrected God to increase the strength of the Dragon Soul, it would be much faster than in the dragon vein!

The most important reason why Wang Xian didn't take back all nine dragon souls was that the resources required for the growth of the nine dragon souls were too huge!

The energy required for the upgrade of the Nine Dragon Souls was enough for Wang Xian to upgrade himself!

"It feels pretty good to leave my clone to someone else to nurture!"

"However, ordinary heaven's favorites don't have so many resources to nurture it. It's not as fast as cultivating the Dragon Soul in the dragon vein. I hope that a few more fallen gods can obtain the Dragon Soul!"

Wang Xian thought with a smirk.

This was equivalent to having his own child raised by others with great effort. In the end, it gave him a feeling of retirement. It was somewhat satisfying!

"The true dragon's son of heaven. This title is not bad!"

Wang Xian looked in the direction where his grandson had left. He smiled and disappeared immediately!

In this land of nine dragons, a dragon's roar shook the heaven and earth. Following that, the ground began to collapse and the dragon vein disappeared!

Everyone in the surrounding cities looked at the collapsed area with shocked expressions.

"What happened? Why did the dragon's vein collapse? What was that Dragon's Roar?"

"Could it be... could it be that the dragon's soul was obtained by someone else?"

Some experts directly flew into the sky and looked down with changing expressions. Their eyes were filled with shock.

"Damn it, what's going on? What on Earth is going on? The Dragon Soul was actually obtained by someone else!"

The sect master of the Earth Void Sect, one of the six sects, was the sect established by the eighth divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

At this moment, he was floating in the air above the dragon vein. He looked down at the collapsed dragon vein with an embarrassed expression.

He had established the Earth Void sect here in order to search for the Dragon Soul. In the end, he hadn't expected that the dragon soul here would actually be obtained by someone else!

"Bastard!"

He clenched his fists tightly, his body trembling with anger.

What happened here quickly spread throughout the world, and on the Internet, everyone was talking about the dragon soul.

Everyone was envious of who had obtained the Dragon Soul, and who would have the chance to become a god and become an ancestor!

"Boom, Holy Shit, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace sent a message. The True Dragon's son of Heaven has entered the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, and the gods will help him ignite the divine fire and lift up the divine kingdom. Oh My God, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace has spoken!"

"The Sacred Hall has also sent a message. If he enters the sacred hall, he will become a god!"

"The Fire God Palace has also sent a message from the pyramid. If he joins their faction, they will create a throne for him!"

"This is crazy. My God, the four factions are recruiting him together. If only I could obtain it!"

The internet was in an uproar. At this moment, everyone knew how terrifying the Dragon Soul was.

After obtaining the Dragon Soul, the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace would help you ignite the divine fire, help you lift up the divine kingdom, and the Fire God Palace would build a divine throne for you!

This... This was simply insane!

Countless people were in an uproar!

"Jie Jie, I want you to help me ignite the divine kingdom and lift up the divine spark? I want you to help me build a divine throne? You are not worthy. What I want is for you to crawl under my feet, Hahaha!"

On the top of a luxurious building on the mainland, a country bumpkin was leaning on a chair. The exposed woman beside him was leaning on his left and right. As he looked at the news on the television, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"I didn't expect that a drop of blood that I dripped casually back then would actually make the entire world go crazy!"

When Wang Xian saw the various messages, a wicked smile appeared on his face!

"Daddi, Daddi!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's phone rang. Just as he took out his phone, Hua'er's voice was heard from the other end.

"What's going on, Hua'er? Daddy has only been away from you for more than an hour and you Miss Daddy Already?"

Wang Xian took out his phone and asked the little girl in a good mood.

This little girl had not been away from him for long since she was resurrected. She must have missed him!

"Daddi, I'm so angry! I'm so angry! One of my classmates actually called their older brothers and sisters to beat me up. He even said that he would call their parents to beat me up!"

"Daddi, come quickly! Come quickly! When their parents come, beat them up!"

At this moment, the Little Guy's angry voice came from inside.

Wang Xian's face turned black. A cold glint flashed across his eyes, but soon, the glint disappeared.

"Hua'er, what's going on? Why did the others call your siblings and your parents to hit you?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked.

"The kids in our class saw that my sister and I were pretty and wanted to be friends with us. They pestered us after class and even pinched my face and bullied me!"

"So, my sister and I will teach them a lesson!"

"Wah Wah, put me down. I want to tell my brother and sister. I want to tell Mom and Dad. Just you wait!"

Hua'er's words were followed by the sound of crying. This made Wang Xian's face turn black.

He recalled the scene of Shen Zi, Gu Xingkong, and the rest being beaten up. His face turned black as he imagined it in his mind!

"Hua'er, Cai'er, you guys have grown up. You need to solve your own problems. Remember, don't break them. Dad Is Busy!"

Wang Xian said immediately and hung up the phone!

"It's only been an hour since I started school. What a little troublemaker. This..."

The corner of his mouth twitched!

"Bad Daddy, Bad Daddy..."

At this moment, in a cultivation room in Longmen Academy, Hua'er saw the phone being hung up. She pouted and shouted.

"Quickly put Xingwen down. I'll tell you two little devils. We've already told brother and sister. We've also told Xingwen's father that Xingwen's father is a disciple of Longmen Academy!"

"That's right. Your father has ignored you. You're finished. Quickly let Xingwen Go!"

In the cultivation room, dozens of boys and girls around the age of twelve or thirteen looked at the center of the room. A few youths shouted at Hua Er Cai'er.

They shouted, but their faces were filled with fear

"You bunch of cowards. You still call yourselves parents? What a bunch of brats!"

Hua'er disdainfully glanced at the few youths around her and waved the whip in her hand!

"Pa!"

"Ah!"

In the middle of the cultivation room, a youth was hung upside down by Cai'er. Hua'er's whip struck down and the youth cried out in pain!

"You, you, you... you said that you can't tell the teacher, but you didn't say that you can't call the Parents!"

Those few youths said with flushed faces.