Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1896: Among the imps of Longmen Academy in 1896

"You bunch of cowards. Now, you bunch of people should properly apologize to us. In the future, if you see us obediently, my elder sister and I will let you off!"

In the cultivation room of the lower grade of Longmen Academy, Hua'er and Cai'er were clutching their waists. Their small faces were glaring angrily at everyone around them as they softly shouted!

"You put me down, you quickly put me down, sob sob SOB SOB SOB SOB!"

In the middle, the young man who was hanging upside down in the air was crying while crying.

At this moment, his back and buttocks were covered in blood. Although he was not seriously injured, he looked very miserable!

"Don't put me down, now you know your mistake, right?"

Hua Er pouted her mouth and stared at the young man who was hanging upside down, asking loudly.

"My mistake, my mistake, I know my mistake, I won't dare to do it again in the future!"

"Sob sob sob sob sob, quickly put me down!"

The youth shouted loudly, it was a miserable cry.

"Say loudly, sister Hua'er, Sister Cai'er, I'm Wrong!"

"Pa!"

Hua'er swung the whip in her hand, it let out a crisp sound as she continued to shout loudly.

In the surroundings, the entire class of youths and girls heard that crisp sound and could not help but shrink their heads, their faces filled with fear as they looked at the two little demons in the middle.

"Wu Wu Wu!" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Sister Hua'er, Sister Cai'er, I was wrong, I was wrong!"

The youth's entire body was in great pain as he cried and begged for mercy.

"That's more like it. Let me tell you, you bunch of cowards, if you dare to bully us in the future, just wait to be beaten!"

"In the future, when you see us, respectfully call me sister, otherwise... HMPH HMPH!"

Hua'er said as she pretended to be fierce as she swept her gaze around the surroundings and coldly snorted.

"Yes, yes, quickly put me down!"

The youth who was being hung hurriedly replied.

"Peng!"

Cai'er's arm moved and the pitiful youth directly fell to the ground.

He forcefully endured the pain on his body and hurriedly got up. He retreated with some fear.

"Xingwen, Han Han, Starlight, what's going on? Why are you guys calling me big brother and big sister! ?"

At this moment, a voice came from the door of the cultivation room.

"Big sister, sob, SOB, SOB, big sister!"

At this moment, when the beaten youth heard the voice coming from the door, he immediately burst into tears and ran outside!

"Huh?"

At the door of the cultivation room, three seventeen or eighteen-year-old boys and girls stood there.

From the clothes on their bodies, it could be seen that they were senior students.

When the three of them saw the youth running over while crying bitterly, they frowned slightly.

The young girl in the middle hurriedly stretched out her hand to hug Xing Wen who was running over.

"What's wrong, Xing Wen? HMM? What happened to your back? Who Hit You?"

When the young girl hugged her younger brother and saw that the clothes on his back were torn and bloody, her face instantly revealed anger!

"Even teacher wouldn't dare to hit you like that. Who Is It?"

The young girl's questioning voice sounded. When the few youths beside her looked over, their pupils constricted slightly.

It was too tragic. These were completely the marks left behind by whipping their buttocks!

"Sister Liang Liang, it's them. It's them who beat up Xing Wen. They even hit us a few times just now!"

Without waiting for the pained youths to speak, the few youths beside them hurriedly pointed at the flower picking in the middle of the room!

"HMPH, so what if we beat them up? Who asked them to provoke us with their hands and feet? They even called the older ones over. What cowards!"

Hua Er saw that they were pointing at her, raised her head and said disdainfully.

"HMM? Xingwen, did they beat you up!"

The young girl's expression turned cold as she asked her younger brother.

"Elder sister, it's them, it's them!"

The young man cried out in pain.

"You two vicious little fellows, how dare you injure my younger brother so badly. Come here immediately!"

The young girl's expression turned gloomy as she immediately shouted at Hua er cai ER.

In school, her younger brother had been beaten up. As her elder sister, she naturally had to help her younger brother vent his anger.

Moreover, her younger brother had been beaten up so badly!

"You're the vicious one. Aren't they just some superficial injuries? I didn't even use any strength. Who asked him to provoke me and my older sister first? serves him right!"

Hua Er heard the young girl say that she was vicious and glared angrily at the young girl.

"To hit so heavily at such a young age, if it's not vicious, then what is it? The two girls are quite cute. I didn't expect them to be so uneducated!"

"How did your parents teach you? Immediately get your parents to come to school. I want to see what kind of parents can teach children like you!"

The two teenagers looked at Hua er cai er and said coldly!

"Come here immediately!"

After the two teenagers finished speaking, the girl next to them shouted coldly again.

"HMPH, HMPH, I let you guys beat up Xing Wen just now. Now You're out of Luck!"

"Serves you right. It's your first day in class and you're still so arrogant!"

"No wonder you called your father and your father ignored you. HMPH!"

Beside them, a few youths gloated at Hua er cai ER's misfortune!

"You guys don't have any manners. You didn't even ask why we beat him up and just taught us a lesson. You guys aren't good people either!"

Cai'er heard their scolding and her face revealed an angry expression!

She waved her arm and a vine appeared in her hand!

"Little sister, let's teach them a good lesson!"

Cai'er stretched out her hand and held the vine as she said to Hua'er.

"Alright, Big Sister!"

Hua'er's face also revealed a cold expression. They actually dared to say that they had no manners and that they were their father!

"Oh? Little Brat, I didn't expect you to still have some ability!"

The three of them looked at the rattan in Cai'er's hand, and their eyes flashed with surprise.

However, they still did not put it in their eyes. They were senior students. Could it be that they were still not a match for the two little girls! !

"Whoosh Whoosh!"

Right at this moment, they knew that they were wrong.

The Rattan in Cai'er's hand moved gently. The three of them did not see any traces of the rattan and immediately felt their legs tighten.

Immediately after, they felt their bodies being pulled up!

"Weng!"

They only felt their heads spin before they were directly hung upside down.

"What?"

The expressions of the three young men and women changed drastically. They had at least reached the transcendent level, yet they were actually instantly tied up!

"Hua'er, it's your turn!"

"HMPH, I'll let you say that we're Vicious!"

"Pa!"

"I'll let you call us uneducated!"

"Pa!"

"I'll let you call us daddy!"

"Pa!"

A whip appeared in Hua'er's hand and lashed out directly at the three people's buttocks and backs.

Every time she spoke, she lashed out. Moreover, the strength of her lashes was obviously much greater than that of the youth from before.

In an instant, the clothes on their bodies were torn apart!

"AH, how is this possible? You... you two little fellows, you..."

The young girl who was hung upside down in the air felt the tremendous pain coming from her buttocks and back. She was completely dumbfounded as she shouted loudly.

They had never thought that they would be instantly subdued. They didn't even have the chance to resist!

"This..."

Around them, a group of eleven or twelve-year-old children saw this scene and slightly opened their mouths.

Five words appeared in their minds: How terrifying!

These two new beauties were simply Little Devils!