Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1897: 1897, under the Little Devil of Dragon Gate Academy

"Pa!"

"Hurry up and say it, who has no manners!"

"Pa!"

"Hurry up and say it, who is vicious!"

In the cultivation room of the lower grade, Hua er Meng Meng's voice sounded once again, accompanied by the clear sound of whips landing on their buttocks.

The pain in his body caused the dazed youth to quickly wake up from the pain.

"You... you two, quickly put us down. You two little fellows are courting death. Quickly put us down!"

"Damn it, damn it, quickly put us down, immediately!"

The two youths felt the pain on their butts and backs. The corners of their mouths twitched as they shouted loudly with flushed faces.

"HMPH HMPH, a few seniors still came to bully us. Shameless!"

"However, you two grandmothers aren't so easy to bully. Today, I'll Beat You Up!"

"Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa!"

As Hua'er spoke, she lashed out at the three of them one whip after another.

"Ah!"

Along with Hua'er's strength, the three of them let out blood-curdling screams.

They closed their eyes, their faces filled with humiliation.

The three of them had actually been humiliated by the two little girls, and they had even been whipped while hanging in the air!

This... This... What image would they have in the lower grades in the future?

If their classmates in the same grade knew about this, what face would they have left!

But very quickly, they did not have time to think about these questions, because they felt a burning pain in their buttocks and back.

Even their clothes were torn!

"SOB SOB!"

The elder sister of the youth from before let out a choking sound.

Her arms and legs were entangled, and she couldn't move at all.

Every lash that landed on her caused her to feel incomparable pain.

After being continuously lashed more than ten times, she couldn't help but shed tears.

At this moment, the youth called Xing Wen who was standing at the side was completely dumbfounded.

His elder sister and senior brothers were actually beaten up by those two little devils.

Moreover, it was exactly the same as when they were beating him up. They were directly hung up and beaten up!

This... How was this possible? His elder sister was extremely powerful!

"Gulp!"

When the surrounding youths saw this scene, they couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

At this moment, their faces were filled with fear as they looked at the flower picking, as if they were looking at two evil devils!

"Now, if you apologize to us, we can be merciful and let you go. Quickly admit your mistakes!"

Hua er whipped dozens of times consecutively as she spoke to the three senior students who were hanging upside down.

"Let us go, let us down!"

When the two youths heard Hua er's voice, their faces were filled with humiliation as they shouted in a low voice!

Asking them to beg for mercy for a 12 or 13 year old little girl, this... How could they do it.

"You won't admit your mistakes without apologizing, right? Then I'll beat you until you apologize and admit your mistakes! HMPH HMPH!"

As Hua'er spoke, the whip in her hand once again struck towards the three of them.

"Wuwu, stop it, stop it for me!"

The three of them were still youths after all. The immense pain caused them to shed tears uncontrollably!

"Stop it, stop hitting my sister. I've already told my father, my father will beat you up!"

Seeing his sister being beaten up so badly, tears flowed out of Xingwen's eyes again as he shouted loudly.

"Hmph, when your father comes, we'll beat your father up as well. Don't think that just because you called your brothers and sisters over, we won't be able to beat them up!"

As Hua'er spoke, she raised her head slightly and the whip in her hand fell once again! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"WA, Stop!"

When Xing Wen saw this scene, he couldn't help but feel pain!

In the cultivation room, all the young men and women were trembling!

This was too terrifying!

If he were to go to school with these two imps in the future, wouldn't he die?

At this moment, the entire cultivation room was completely under Hua'er's control!

"Teacher Zhao, I'll have to trouble you with this devilish brat of ours. If he needs to be beaten, then beat him up. This brat isn't honest. Just now, he actually cried and told me that someone was beating him up. I wonder which student he is in conflict with!"

At this moment, in Longmen Academy, two middle-aged men walked towards the cultivation room of the lower grade.

A middle-aged man with slightly long hair smiled and said to the instructor of Longmen Academy at the side.

"Hai, it's just a small matter. Although that child Xingwen is a little mischievous, his talent isn't bad. In the entire class, no one is stronger than him!"

The middle-aged instructor at the side smiled and shook his head. "I reckon that it's a conflict between children. You Don't even need to come!"

"Haha, if I'm not afraid that the little guy will beat someone up, then my parents will think that the children of our Longmen Academy are bullying people on Purpose!"

The middle-aged man smiled.

As the two spoke, they soon arrived at the side of the lower grade cultivation room.

"Huh?"

When the two just approached, they heard screams and cries coming from inside!

"What's going on?"

Their expressions changed slightly, and they immediately walked towards the cultivation room.

"This..."

When they saw the scene inside the cultivation room, they were instantly stunned.

Two students who were obviously seniors were hanging upside down in the air, and a little girl was beating them non-stop.

A little guy at the side was wailing loudly.

The middle-aged man with slightly long hair saw that the little guy who was crying was his son, right?

And the one who was hanging in the air was his own daughter!

The middle-aged man was completely stunned, and an angry expression instantly appeared on his face.

However, as a disciple of the Dragon Gate Academy, he still suppressed the anger in his heart!

But he had already decided in his heart that he would definitely ask clearly and make that girl who attacked him pay the price!

"My Good Boy!"

At this moment, he heard his senior brother's voice from the side, which made him slightly stunned!

"This... these two little princesses... Aiya, two little princesses, what happened to you?"

The middle-aged instructor's mouth twitched. What did he see?

The Dragon King's daughter, that very, very cute daughter, was actually whipping three senior students!

These two little girls were so cute, how could they hang people upside down and beat them!

This...

These two little girls were personally sent over by the Dean today, so he gave them some good advice!

As a former disciple of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect, he naturally knew how to treat the Dragon King's daughter.

However, when faced with these two extremely cute little princesses, he didn't take them to heart.

What could have happened to the two little princesses when they were so cute?

Even when his junior brother from the Dragon Gate Academy had come to look for him, he had not expected that they would be the Dragon King's two daughters.

Because they were just too cute!

However, when he saw this scene, his body trembled!

"Little Princess, what happened to you?"

The middle-aged tutor hurriedly ran over and squatted beside Hua'er Cai'er as he asked worriedly!

"Their mouths aren't clean. My sister and I will teach them a lesson!"

"Hmph, they actually dared to provoke us and even say that we don't have a tutor. Teacher, come and judge us!"

Hua'er pouted when she saw the teacher coming over.

The middle-aged teacher wiped the sweat off his forehead. "It definitely isn't the fault of the two little princesses!"

HMM?

All the students in the cultivation room were stunned once again!