Chapter 1898: Little Princess 1898

"Teacher, they beat me up, and now they're beating my sister and the others!"

In the cultivation room, all the students were stunned when they saw their teacher walk over to Hua'er and Cai'er, crouch down, and speak with a smile on his face!

Teacher, isn't this wrong? You see, they even beat him up, and this isn't wrong?

Then what is wrong?

The group of children were slightly stunned.

Xing Wen's face was even more sullen as he directly complained to the teacher.

They were still young and did not notice that the teacher had taken extra care of Hua Er, Cai er, and the others.

Hearing the teacher's words, they naturally felt very wronged.

When the teacher heard his words, he looked at the few senior students hanging in the air. The corners of his mouth twitched, and then he looked at Xing Wen who had been beaten up. His Butt was already swollen, and there were bloody marks on his back. His face turned black!

"As expected of the Dragon King's daughter. She has such strength at such a young age!"

The teacher thought to himself. He ignored Xing Wen and looked at Hua Er Cai'er. He continued to ask with concern, "Two little princesses, put them down. I'll let them apologize to you!"

"Tell the teacher if anyone bullies you in the school. Let the teacher teach them a lesson. Come, come!"

The teacher revealed a smile that he thought was the most amiable as he said to the two girls.

"Tell the teacher that calling their parents are cowards. They are a bunch of cowards, HMPH!"

"Teacher, they were the ones who bullied my sister and Me First, so my sister and I taught them a good lesson!"

"Our teacher, who was very gentle, did not hit them too hard!"

Cai Er explained to the teacher.

"Yes, yes, they were too naughty. Teacher will definitely teach them a good lesson in the future!"

The teacher quickly said to them!

"Okay, teacher. As long as they don't bully us, we won't hit them!"

Cai Er nodded and said with a smile.

"This, this..."

When the three boys and girls who were hanging upside down saw the teacher coming over, they heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts.

However, they did not expect that the teacher would go and coax the two little girls as if he did not see them.

This made them vomit blood!

At the entrance, the long-haired middle-aged man who had followed the middle-aged teacher over also opened his mouth slightly.

Looking at teacher Zhao who was squatting in front of the two little girls, he frowned slightly.

"Teacher, we don't want to be in the same class as these little brats. We want to go to the senior grade. These little brats are too childish!"

Hua Er pouted and glanced at the students around her as she said unhappily.

"Alright, Alright. This... I'll immediately tell the principal and ask the principal..."

The middle-aged instructor immediately nodded with a bitter expression.

These two little guys were not ordinary students. Not to mention that he had to squat down and coax them, even if the principal came, he would coax these two little girls!

"En, you go and tell Xiao ran-ge that we are going to the senior grade. We are not going with the little brats!"

Hua'er immediately said from the side.

"Xiao ran-ge? This?"

At the door, the long-haired middle-aged man heard their conversation and his eyes widened slightly.

Calling the principal 'Big Brother', what kind of background did these two little girls have?

No Wonder Zhao Laoshi was so respectful in front of these two little girls. It turned out that it had something to do with the principal!

The long-haired middle-aged man's expression changed drastically!

"Father, father, look, they were the ones who beat me up. Sister and the others were even beaten up!"

At this moment, Xingwen saw that his teacher was ignoring him. He looked at his father at the door and shouted with a bitter face.

"Beat you up? If you were honest, why would others beat you up? Why would those two girls beat you up? Did you provoke those two little girls?"

"Hurry up and apologize to those little girls. Also, why did you call your sister over when you kids were having a conflict?"

"And you, why did you come here for your brother's matter? Why, are you still going to hit the lower grade students? I think I've spoiled you to the point of lawlessness!"

The middle-aged man's face darkened when he heard his son's words. He pointed at the middle-aged man's head and shouted sternly.

When the young man heard his father's inspection, he was once again dumbfounded!

This... this...

When the young girl who was hung upside down heard her father's voice, tears could not stop flowing down her face.

Now that she was hung upside down, she did not think of putting herself down. Instead, she berated her!

"SOB SOB SOB SOB!"

The young girl could not help but burst into tears.

"Little Princess, do you think? Should we put them down first? I'll call the principal right now!"

The middle-aged tutor heard the crying beside them and looked at the miserable state they were in. He squeezed out a smile and asked.

"Then let them go!"

Cai Er nodded and put the three of them down!

"I'll call the principal right now. Two little princesses, please wait a moment!"

The middle-aged tutor heaved a sigh of relief and immediately took out his phone to make a call.

He was afraid that he would upset the two little princesses, so he immediately sent the message to Xiao ran.

"Huh?"

At this moment, in the tallest tower in the center of the Academy, Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei were sitting in the office discussing something.

When they saw the message sent by teacher song, they were slightly stunned, and a hint of bitterness appeared on their faces.

"What's wrong, Xiao Ran?"

Ji Lingfei saw Xiao ran's expression and asked curiously.

"It's my master's two daughters. These two little princesses beat up a few people, and now they want to go to the senior class for lessons!"

"These two little princesses are very mischievous, especially Hua'er. Even my master can't do anything to them!"

Xiao ran said helplessly to Ji Lingfei.

"Oh? They came to Dragon Gate Academy to study?"

Ji Lingfei was slightly stunned. She was a little stunned, but soon after, her eyes sparkled. "Your master's two children are not simple!"

"They are not simple. I don't know how master nurtured them, but their strength is not weaker than mine. Now, the two little princesses want to go to the higher grades. Sigh! I'll go over!"

Xiao ran also braced himself and stood up. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

He had witnessed the mischievousness of the two little fellows in his master's Villa. However, he did not expect that in just over an hour, these two little fellows had already beaten up a few students.

"With the strength of these two little girls, there is no one in the entire Longmen Academy who can teach them!"

Ji Lingfei looked at Xiao ran's appearance and laughed in amusement.

She could be considered to have some understanding of the two girls of the Dragon King, especially when the two little girls had hung Gu Xingkong up and whipped him.

If that scene was released, it would definitely shock the entire world!

"Oh Right!"

Suddenly, Ji Lingfei narrowed her eyes slightly and looked at Xiao ran. "A month later, don't we have a competition with the other big academies? Why don't we put the two little princesses in the elite class?"

"Oh? The elite class? Let the flower-picking girls participate in the competition. This absolutely won't do!"

Xiao ran was slightly stunned, but he quickly shook his head!

"I'm not asking them to participate in the competition. I'm asking them to go to the elite class. Think about it. These two little girls are very mischievous to begin with. The students of the elite class are no match for them!"

"When they are bullied by these two little girls, it can completely stimulate their fighting spirit!"

Ji Lingfei's gaze flickered, and the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She was filled with wicked interest!