Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1899: 1899 will follow us

"This..."

Xiao ran was slightly stunned when he heard Ji Lingfei's words. His face revealed a look of shock and deep thought.

The elite class was the most outstanding group of students in the first batch of students of Longmen Academy.

There were only twenty people in the elite class, but there were two dragonmen at the peak of the profound void stage teaching them. It could be said that they were the trump card of the entire Longmen Academy.

Twenty disciples, all of them were the most outstanding disciples that the Longmen Academy had recruited!

Those below thirty years old, who were currently the strongest, had already reached the insightful emptiness realm under the nurturing of the Longmen Academy, and had even reached the second level of the insightful emptiness realm!

Don't underestimate the second level of the insightful emptiness realm. Before the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had descended, the second level of the insightful emptiness realm could already be ranked among the best in a city!

Even if the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had descended, the second level of the profound void tier could be considered a pretty good expert on earth!

Compared to other people on Earth, it was definitely at the top!

The establishment of the elite class was to prepare for the upcoming academy competition.

As the saying goes, the first in literature is the second in martial arts!

Now that the various major factions had just been established, there were gradually beginning to be disputes.

This was especially so among the several major academies. Now that the earth had changed, no one knew which person would be able to rise up strongly.

At this time, being able to recruit disciples to join their own forces, and having more outstanding disciples joining, would be of great benefit to the entire force in the future.

If one wanted to become an ancestor, one had to compete for talents.

In order to compete for talents, the several major academies had agreed to have a competition.

It was purely a competition between disciples. It would let everyone in the world see which Academy was the number one academy.

Once one obtained the title of number one academy, it would be of great benefit to the future recruitment of disciples.

Therefore, every academy placed great importance on this competition.

It was the same for Longmen Academy!

"Letting Hua er cai ER join the elite class is not a bad choice!"

Xiao ran hesitated for a moment before he slowly nodded!

"However, I need to seek the opinions of the two little princesses first!"

As he spoke, he quickened his pace and walked towards the lower grade class.

The entire Longmen Academy was very large, and it was filled with an ancient and sacred aura.

"Brother Xiao ran, sister Ji Lingfei!"

When they arrived, Hua er cai ER, who was standing at the door of the training room, saw Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei walking over and immediately shouted!

"Hua er Cai'er, what's wrong? Don't you like this class?"

Xiao ran immediately walked over and asked them with a smile on his face.

These two were little fellows who could behave atrociously in front of his master. Naturally, Xiao ran could not afford to offend them!

"We don't like them. They're all a bunch of brats. Brother Xiao ran, we don't want to play with them!"

Cai'er said unhappily.

"Then do you want to go to the senior class? Or do you want to go home and play with Daddy?"

Xiao ran held their little hands and asked.

"We don't want to play with the Bad Daddi. He even hung up on us when we called the Bad Daddi. HMPH!"

Hua Er said loudly in dissatisfaction.

"Alright, Alright. Then why don't Brother Change Your class and go to the best class in the Academy?"

The corner of Xiao Ran's mouth twitched and he immediately said!

"Alright, change your class. We want to go to the senior class!"

Hua Er Cai'er immediately nodded!

"Alright, I'll bring you there now, Alright!"

Xiao ran smiled and asked.

"UN UN!"

The two of them immediately nodded!

"Headmaster, Take Care!"

Zhao laoshi heaved a sigh of relief and immediately said.

Xiao ran nodded and led Ji Lingfei and the two girls towards the center of Longmen Academy.

"This... senior brother, this... What are the identities of those two children? How could our principal treat them..."

At the side, the long-haired middle-aged man saw this scene and gulped in shock!

"I don't dare to say the identities of these two little princesses, but junior brother, you must remember that even our principal has to coax these two little princesses!"

Teacher Zhao's eyes flickered with a luster.

They couldn't reveal the Dragon King's matters in river city. Without an order, they didn't dare to say anything.

After all, that was the Dragon King, the former Dragon King, and the current Dragon King!

The long-haired middle-aged man's heart trembled.

Even principal Xiao had to coax them?

In the current Earth, apart from the Four Gods'strength, Dragon Gate Academy could also be ranked among the top.

Principal Xiao had even defeated the fourth divine son, and his reputation was flourishing!

He actually had to coax these two girls. Just what kind of background did they have!

"Hua'er Cai'er, when the time comes, don't bully the other students, understand?"

The cultivation room in the very center of Longmen Academy was also the gathering place for the entire academy's elite disciples.

Those who could enter this place were all heroes and were respected by others.

Their strength might be comparable to some disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, but to have such results at this age, many disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall could not compare.

This was talent, talent for cultivation!

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, brought Hua Er and Cai er to the door and said to them.

"Don't worry, brother Xiao ran, we are very obedient!"

The two little girls nodded obediently.

"Principal Xiao!"

At this moment, in the cultivation room, Devil Nine and devil ten saw them coming and immediately came over to greet them!

"Ninth brother, tenth brother, Hua er cai er is coming to school. Master sent them over. The two little princesses want to come to the senior grade, so I'm thinking of sending them here!"

Xiao ran said politely to Devil Nine and devil ten.

"Huh?" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The two were slightly stunned. They looked at Hua Er and Cai er and immediately bowed and shouted, "Little Princess!"

"Hehe!"

Hua Er and Cai er looked at them and smiled. They looked at the cultivation room.

"Headmaster Xiao, then hand over the two little princesses to us!"

Devil Nine and ten looked at each other. They saw the other party's trembling expression and said with a bitter smile.

"Okay, I'll leave them to you!"

Xiao ran nodded. Then, his eyes flickered as he looked at the two little princesses beside him, he transmitted his voice to them, "Ninth brother and tenth brother, I'll have to trouble you. You know the strength of the little princesses very well. Sending them here will be a good opportunity to motivate the other students!"

"It's also possible that the two little princesses will return to master after they get tired of playing with them for a few days!"

Mo Jiu and Mo Shi nodded slightly and smiled bitterly at Xiao ran!

"Two little princesses, come in with us. I'll introduce you to our new classmates!"

Mo Jiu and Mo Shi said to them and walked into the elite class.

The entire elite class's cultivation room had an area of more than ten thousand square meters. It was equipped with all kinds of tools, and it was emitting powerful spiritual energy!

Twenty young men and women were cultivating inside. Some were sparring, some were practicing techniques, and some were sitting cross-legged on the side!

"Everyone, gather together. Today, two new students have come to our elite class. Let me introduce them to everyone!"

Mo Jiu's voice resounded throughout the entire cultivation room. All the students looked over and stood in a row.

Twenty young men and women, each of them exuding a strong sense of confidence and pride!

The students of the elite class of Longmen Academy, they had the capital to be proud!

They looked at their teacher with slight astonishment, then looked at the two little girls beside their teacher who were filled with curiosity!

What did this mean?