Chapter 1900: Nineteen hundred is following us

In the Cultivation Room of the elite class of Longmen Academy, the atmosphere in the entire room was slightly strange.

Twenty elite students of Longmen Academy looked at the little girls beside Mo Jiu and Mo Shi's two instructors.

It was not an exaggeration for them to call them little girls.

"This is Hua'er, this is Cai'er. In the future, they will be students of our elite class. Everyone, take care of each other!"

Mo Jiu looked at the students whose faces were filled with bewilderment and smiled faintly as he introduced them!

"Hello, everyone!"

Hua'er and Cai'er smiled as she shouted at all of them!

"This..."

When everyone in the cultivation room heard their teacher's words, their faces were filled with astonishment.

These two little girls were really their classmates...

How Old were they? At most twelve or thirteen years old? How could they possibly enter their elite class?

The twenty elite students were filled with doubt!

Could it be that they had connections? That wasn't right either. The strength of the Dragon Gate Academy was revered. Only the strongest could enter the elite class and receive the best resources!

But...

"Alright, everyone, continue to cultivate!"

Mo Jiu continued speaking to all the academies, his gaze looking at Hua er cai ER. "Two little princesses, how is this place?"

"Very good, this place is fun!"

The two little girls swept their gazes across the entire cultivation room and nodded their heads in satisfaction.

This cultivation room was over ten times the size of the other cultivation rooms, and there were all sorts of array formations!

"That's good, that's Good!"

Mo Jiu and Mo Shi nodded their heads with a smile.

They exchanged a glance and immediately returned to a single small room within the cultivation room.

Following the two little princesses, they didn't know what to say, and they felt very awkward, so they simply hid.

The two entered the separate cultivation room and kept an eye on the situation outside through the glass.

Devil Nine and devil ten left, but the elite disciples in the cultivation room didn't disperse.

They still stared at Hua er cai'er curiously.

Hua Er Cai er was also blinking her eyes at the group of people in front of her, sizing them up curiously.

"The two little sisters are really cute. How did you guys join the elite class of the Academy?"

A girl from the elite class said to Hua er cai ER with a smile.

"Thank you. Big Sister is also very cute. That's how we joined!"

Cai Er said politely to the girl.

I'm also very cute?

When the slightly burly girl heard Cai ER's words, the corner of her mouth twitched!

"Our elite class represents the face of Longmen Academy. In a month's time, we will have a competition with other academies. Two little girls joining our elite class. If other academies find out about this, won't they think that our Longmen Academy is too childish?"

A thin young man crossed his arms and said indifferently.

"The teacher sent these two cute little sisters over. Naturally, he has his own thoughts. It should be that these two little sisters are more talented!"

The burly girl who had just started speaking glanced at the thin young man before walking towards Hua er cai ER. "Little Sisters are so cute. In the future, if you follow big sister, no one will dare to bully you!"

"Big Sister, you're too weak. In the future, you can follow us. No one will dare to bully you!"

Hua er tilted her head and smiled at the burly girl.

"Haha, interesting, interesting. Tigress, it's quite good for you to follow these two little girls. Let's see if you can learn how cute these two little girls are!"

In the middle, the youth holding a metal fan laughed loudly before turning around and walking towards the training ground.

"You... Mei Hexuan, just you wait!"

The burly woman's face revealed a fierce aura as she glared at him angrily!

Mei Hexuan completely ignored her. He opened his fan and faced forward with a smile on his face.

"Big Sister, if you follow us, we'll help you beat him up!"

Hua Er glanced at the arrogant young man and said to the burly woman.

"Phew, little sister, you should follow your sister. You Can't beat that Scoundrel!"

The tall and sturdy woman took a deep breath and forced a smile on her face. She reached out her hand to touch Hua'er's head.

However, Hua'er dodged her just as she reached out!

"Hehe, the two little girls are quite interesting!"

At this moment, Mei Hexuan, who had arrived at the reaction speed training ground, heard Hua'er's words and smiled faintly.

"Continue cultivating, continue cultivating!"

A young man said as he walked to the side, and the group dispersed.

"Little Sister, let me introduce you to the training equipment in the surroundings!"

The burly woman lowered her head to look at Hua'er and said indifferently!

"Alright, that one is quite fun!"

Hua'er pointed to the area where Mei Hexuan was and said loudly.

"That one is for training your reaction speed. Use the formation to adjust the speed of the hidden weapon to Dodge!"

The burly woman said as she led them in that direction.

"En!"

When he just went over, Mei Hexuan, who was dodging the hidden weapon, grunted and was hit by a flying knife!

"Sister, that guy is so stupid!"

Hua'er saw that he was hit by the hidden weapon and said to the burly woman beside him with a smile.

"Shut up!"

Mei Hexuan, who was continuing to dodge the hidden weapon, heard the tender voice behind him and felt a wave of irritation in his heart. He immediately shouted softly.

"A fool is a fool. You still blame others!"

Hua'er heard his words and curled her lips as she said disdainfully! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Bang!"

Just as she finished speaking, another hidden weapon landed on Mei Hexuan's body. This caused his expression to instantly turn gloomy.

"Buzz!"

His figure moved and left the training area. He stared at the tall and sturdy woman with a gloomy expression!

"Tigress, take these two little girls away!"

The tall and sturdy woman that he glared at angrily roared in a deep voice.

"Mei Hexuan, you better speak with more respect. If you can't do it yourself, How can you blame others?"

The tall and sturdy woman stared at him coldly and said in a deep voice!

"Don't bother me!"

Mei Hexuan coldly glanced at them!

"Sister, this guy is so arrogant. Hit Him!"

Hua Er looked at the young man and was very dissatisfied. She raised her fist at the burly woman beside her and said.

"When I can defeat him, sister will teach him a good lesson!"

The burly woman clenched her fist and said.

"If sister can't defeat him, then we won't follow you. You can follow us!"

Hua'er heard her words and said with a smile. She even slightly raised her head.

"Alright, Alright. From now on, sister will follow you!"

The burly woman looked at Hua'er's appearance and shook her head in amusement!

"HMPH, alright. Since sister is following us, then we will teach this fellow who bullied you a lesson!"

As Hua'er spoke, she slightly raised her head and took a few steps forward.

"Hey, Brat in front, come over and apologize to this elder sister. Otherwise, we will beat you up!"

Under the surprised gaze of the burly woman, Hua'er raised her head and said to the youth.

There was no other way. She was too short and could only raise her head.

"Damn it, Tigress, immediately bring these two little girls away. And you two little fellows, don't bother me. Otherwise, I will let you know how red the flowers are!"

Mei and Xuan stared at the three of them impatiently and coldly.