Chapter 1901: 1901, follow us

Mei and Xuan's angry voices resounded throughout the entire cultivation room. When everyone heard their movements, they looked over and smiled faintly.

Mei and Xuan and he Xiaoxiao had already started a feud. The reason was that Mei and Xuan had dumped one of He Xiaoxiao's best friends.

In the end, he Xiaoxiao naturally did not give him a good look and targeted him everywhere!

Mei Hexuan was naturally displeased with him as well. From time to time, she would call him a tigress to mock him!

The rest of the elite class were already used to their quarrels!

"Heng, little sister, Let's go. We won't argue with the bad guys!"

He Xiaoxiao saw Mei Hexuan's cold expression. She snorted coldly and said to Hua er cai ER.

"HMPH, sister doesn't have to worry. Since You've followed us, no one can bully you in Longmen Academy in the future!"

"Let us know how red the flowers are? Let us let you know how red the flowers are!"

When Hua'er heard Mei Hexuan's words, anger appeared on her small face.

Ever since Hua'er was born, she had never been afraid of anyone?

She even dared to pee on her Daddi's neck. What else was there to be afraid of?

As Hua'er spoke, she waved her arm and a whip appeared in her hand!

"Oh? Little Sister has actually reached the transcendence realm?"

He Xiaoxiao looked at the whip Hua'er condensed, and a hint of surprise appeared in her eyes.

"Go, go, you're not a match for the bad guys!"

However, she immediately pulled Hua'er's arm and said to her.

"Sister, since you've followed us, we'll naturally help you teach the bad guys a lesson!"

Hua'er raised her head and said to he xiao with a serious expression.

"Little Brat, don't challenge my patience!"

Mei Hexuan coldly looked at Hua'er and slightly lost his patience.

If they weren't two children, he would have already taught them a lesson!

"Elder sister, hang her up, HMPH HMPH!"

Hua'er pouted her small mouth and stared unhappily at Mei Hexuan!

"Yes, yes!"

Cai'er nodded. The two little girls had long been unhappy with this fellow!

"Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Cai'er waved her hand and a vine appeared in front of her.

"Little Brat, I think you're really asking for trouble..."

Mei Hexuan saw that Hua'er and Cai'er were actually preparing to attack him, and a trace of coldness appeared on his face.

However, before he could finish speaking, that thorn directly coiled towards him.

When he saw a green ray of light coming towards him, Mei Hexuan's expression changed slightly.

"Sou Sou Sou!"

Without waiting for him to react, his entire body was directly bound.

His expression changed drastically, his body shook, and a powerful aura belonging to the first level of the profound void tier immediately erupted.

"Break for me!"

He roared in a low voice, wanting to struggle free of the vines on his body.

"Buzz!"

However, he soon sensed that the vines wrapped around his body did not move at all.

Instead, he felt his body spinning and was immediately hung upside down.

At this moment, Mei Hexuan's expression changed drastically.

What was going on? How could this be? What happened? DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"HMPH, this sister is someone we protect. She's one of us. If you dare to bully her, you'll be beaten up!"

At this moment, he heard that familiar young voice. He looked over and looked at the young and cute little girl!

"Pa!"

He saw the little girl waving the whip in her hand. Very quickly, he felt an intense pain on his butt.

Following that, a gentle breeze entered.

This...

Instantly, his face turned red, and his mind was still in a Daze!

How could he be subdued by two little girls in an instant?

His expression changed slightly, and a sharp longsword immediately condensed in front of him.

"Weng!"

But at this moment, he felt his body tighten, and the longsword condensed in front of him immediately dissipated.

"Pa Pa Pa!"

"Still not obedient!"

The loud sound of the Whip Lashing rang out once again. Mei Hexuan felt the pain coming from behind him, and his body trembled from the distance!

"You... you guys put me down, put me down!"

Mei Hexuan shouted at the two little girls in a trembling voice.

"This... this... My God, what is this situation?"

However, at this moment, he Xiao, who was standing at the side, widened her eyes and looked at the scene in front of her in disbelief.

This... Mei Hexuan was actually hung up and beaten by the two little girls?

He actually did not have the slightest ability to resist.

He possessed the strength of the first level of the profound void tier. If placed in the entire elite class, he could also be ranked in the top five!

Now, in front of the two twelve or thirteen year old girls, he did not even have the ability to retaliate?

"Holy shit, what's the situation?"

"What's going on?"

In the cultivation room, the surrounding people were also slightly stunned when they saw Mei Hexuan being hung up upside down. They looked over in a daze!

"HMPH, you still dare to bully the people under our protection. Now we'll let you know why the flowers are so Red!"

Hua'er held the whip in her hand and once again landed heavily on his body.

"Pa!"

His skin was torn and his flesh was torn. His clothes had completely turned into strips of cloth!

Hearing this tender voice and the cruel sound of the whip, everyone landed on Hua'er and Cai'er's bodies in unison. Their eyes were wide open.

How could those two little girls who had just joined their elite class be so... Strong!

Mei Hexuan actually did not have the slightest bit of resistance!

What was going on?

"Why are the flowers so Red?"

Everyone looked at Mei Hexuan who was hanging upside down. When they saw the position of his buttocks, the corners of their mouths twitched!

Now it was why his buttocks were so red!

"Quickly put me down, put me down!"

"Pa!"

"Apologize to this sister, or else, HMPH, PA!"

Mei Hexuan felt the gazes of the surrounding students and felt the pain and chill on his body. He hurriedly shouted again.

However, the flower completely ignored him and said to him with a cold snort.

"I apologize, I apologize, put me down!"

Mei Hexuan was about to cry. After struggling for a few times, he realized that the vines wrapped around his body were not moving at all. This made him completely flustered!

Where did these two little demons come from? How could they be so strong?

"Can't I apologize if I don't put you down?"

Hua'er squatted down and just happened to meet the eyes of Mei Hexuan who was hanging upside down!

As she spoke, she waved the whip in her hand!

"Pa!"

"Ah!"

A crisp sound and a miserable scream could be heard. Fear appeared in Mei Hexuan's eyes.

"He Xiaoxiao, I was wrong. Tell them to put me down. Hurry, Hurry, I was wrong!"

He shouted at He Xiaoxiao with a face full of humiliation and powerlessness.

"This, this..."

He Xiaoxiao, who was at the side, reacted. The corner of her mouth twitched when she saw Mei Hexuan's buttocks blooming!

"Well, little sister, two little princesses, forget it. Let's put him down!"

She looked at the two little girls beside her and said with sparkling eyes.

After all, they were classmates. She did not have too much enmity with Mei Hexuan!

"Elder sister, are you going to let him go just like that? Don't worry. In the future, with us protecting you, he won't dare to do anything. If he dares, we'll beat him every day!"

Hua'er looked up at He Xiaoxiao and said with a smile.

That brilliant smile and cute dimples were extremely cute!

In Mei Hexuan's eyes, he looked just like a demon!