Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1902: 1902, the eldest sister of Longmen Academy

Beat him every day?

Mei Hexuan's body trembled and he felt like crying!

Feeling the chill on his butt, he really wanted to find a hole to hide in. This was in front of nineteen classmates!

If they were to tell others, how would he be able to live in Longmen Academy?

At the very least, he was one of the top five disciples of Longmen Academy!

To be hung up and spanked by two little girls, wouldn't he lose face?

"Gulp!"

When the surrounding people heard the little girl's words, they gulped and looked at Mei Hexuan with sympathy!

"This... two little princesses, let him go!"

He Xiaoxiao looked at Mei Hexuan who was crying and smiled embarrassedly. She immediately said to Hua Er, Cai er, and the others.

"Alright!"

Cai Er nodded. With a wave of her arm, the vines wrapped around his body immediately disappeared!

"Bang!"

Mei Hexuan's body fell to the ground, his face still facing the ground.

"Hiss..." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

His body moved slightly. Feeling the pain coming from his buttocks, he sucked in a breath of cold air. The corner of his mouth twitched, and he hurriedly used energy to cover his body.

To prevent his body from being exposed!

"How is it, sister? It's not bad to follow us, right? Hehe!"

Hua Er glanced at MEI he xuan and said to He Xiao with a smile.

"Not bad, not bad!"

He Xiao looked at Hua Er and Cai Er in a daze. She opened her mouth, wanting to say something, but in the end, she did not ask!

"They... What kind of strength do they have? How can they easily subdue Mei He Xuan?"

"Could it be that they relied on their own strength to join our elite class? My God... They are too young!"

At this moment, the cultivation room was completely silent. The other ten or so people were all looking at Hua er Cai'er, their eyes filled with shock.

On the right, a young man who was sitting cross-legged on a cultivation mat looked at Hua er Cai'er and frowned slightly.

The young man's appearance was very ordinary, and he looked very ordinary!

"The two young ladies have extraordinary strength, can we exchange pointers!"

He slowly stood up and said to Hua Er and Cai er with a calm expression.

"Oh? Ye Chen, is he going to? Exchange pointers with those two young ladies?"

"Ye Chen actually challenged them? This... looks like those two young ladies aren't simple!"

"To be able to easily subdue Mei and Xuan, they definitely aren't simple. However, I didn't think that ye Chen would actually challenge them. Ye Chen is the strongest expert of our Dragon Gate Academy!"

When the young man's voice fell, everyone in the cultivation room looked towards him, their faces filled with shock.

"Sparring with us, you're too weak!"

Cai'er tilted her head and said to Ye Chen.

"You can be our little brother!"

Hua'er said with a laugh.

Hua'er and Cai'er's words caused the other students in the cultivation room to be slightly stunned.

When ye Chen heard their words, he also slightly frowned.

"Whether we're opponents or not, won't we know after we give it a try?"

Ye Chen slowly walked to the center of the cultivation room and stared at Hua'er and Cai'er.

"You still don't believe us, Sister. Let's let them see how powerful we are, HMPH HMPH!"

Hua Er said to her sister.

"Alright!"

Cai Er nodded, and with a wave of her arm, a branch appeared out of thin air and twined around ye Chen.

"HMM?"

Ye Chen's face revealed a grave expression, and all the surrounding students also stared intently.

Even Mei and Xuan were staring at him.

He wanted to see how he was trapped by that girl's twig just now!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"What!"

However, everyone only saw a shadow, and Ye Chen's shocked voice was heard.

"So Fast!"

Everyone looked over at the same time and found that ye Chen was actually trapped by the twig.

Flames bloomed on his body, but the flames did not burn through the twig on his body.

"Buzz!"

The next moment, everyone saw ye Chen being hung upside down.

This scene was very familiar to everyone, especially Mei Hexuan.

Looking at people upside down, Mei Hexuan felt extremely uncomfortable!

"Pa!"

"Not good!"

Ye Chen, who was trapped, was a little stunned, but soon, his expression changed drastically.

He heard the sound of branches waving, and immediately after, he felt an intense pain on his butt.

A sudden chill came over me.

My pants are torn!

Yechen's face changed!

"Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck, Cluck!"

Flowers full of happy laughter came, she also waved the whip in her hand.

Seeing the whip coming again, Yechen's pupils shrank!

"I give up, I give up!"

He hurriedly shouted out loud!

"Hiss ~"

At this moment, everyone around sucked in a breath of cold air at the same time. Their widened eyes were filled with shock.

The strongest expert of their Dragon Gate Academy, the second level profound void martial artist, Ye Chen, was actually defeated in an instant!

Instant Kill, a complete instant kill!

Following that, everyone's expressions became strange when they saw the place where ye Chen was beaten. His clothes were torn and the scenery within could be seen.

Ye Chen was famous for being cold in Dragon Gate Academy. He had a dead face and did not smile. Being able to see him make a fool of himself this time caused many people to reveal a faint smile on their faces!

"Little princesses, do you still want to take in underlings? I have just dismounted. What do you think of Me?"

At this moment, a voice sounded. Soon after, everyone saw a fat young man run to the side of the two little demons and said with a smile.

"You want to be our little brother? hehehe, okay!"

Hua'er immediately nodded her head with interest. She looked at he xiaoxiao and said, "Now, this elder sister and you, we will protect you. In the future, if anyone bullies you, tell me and I will beat them up!"

He Xiaoxiao's mouth twitched, but the fat on Ma Cai's face was squeezed together, and a happy expression appeared on his face!

"Well, two little princesses, may I ask, what realm are you at?"

The thin and weak young man who had spoken at the beginning swallowed a mouthful of saliva. When he thought of what he had just said, the corner of his mouth twitched, and he bowed slightly as he asked them in a low voice.

"Realm? I don't know!"

Hua'er shook her head, indicating that she was a little confused!

"It's the third level of the demigod realm. You Don't even cultivate properly!"

Cai'er said to her from the side!

"Level... level three demigod?"

The thin young man widened his eyes and stuttered!

"Plop!"

"Little Princess, please accept my bow. From now on, your little brother Ma will follow you!"

A muffled sound came from the cultivation room. Ma Cai'er immediately knelt on the ground and shouted at Hua'er.

Level three demigod? F * ck, this was a third level demigod! was the cultivation of principal Xiao of Longmen School so high?

"It's... It's definitely not the third level of the Void Interpretation!"

The thin and weak young man trembled and stammered as he asked again.

"It's a third level demigod! Father also said yes!"

Cai ER nodded slightly and stretched out her index finger. A ten-meter-long mystical tree appeared, exuding a terrifying pressure!

"Big Sister, please accept my bow!"

The thin and weak youth saw this scene and immediately shouted loudly.

F * ck, two demigod rank three little princesses. I must hug their thighs!

This strength, Longmen Academy's Big Sister!