Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1903: 1903 memories, dreams

"Hehehe!"

Hua'er looked at Ma Cai and the Skinny Youth's exaggerated appearance and could not help but laugh!

"Good, good. In the future, we will take care of you and give you some delicious food. hehehe!"

Hua'er waved her hand and threw the fifth level void interpretation pills to Ma Cai, he xiaowei, and the skinny youth.

"Delicious?"

The three of them were slightly stunned. When they saw the elixirs floating in front of them, their eyes widened instantly!

"Daddy gave us candies. I'll give you one!"

Hua'er said nonchalantly.

The fifth-level insightful void tier elixirs were indeed just their candies.

Wang Xian gave them over a thousand of them and used them as candies to eat!

Gulp

Ma Cai and the other two looked at the elixirs in front of them and swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Their eyes revealed a burning look.

"Thank you, Little Princess, thank you!"

It was a fifth level void interpretation medicinal pill. Even if they were to go bankrupt, they might not be able to buy one. In the end, the two little princesses casually threw one to each of them.

Candy?

This was candy?

They hurriedly thanked loudly, filled with excitement.

This medicinal pill would be of great benefit to their subsequent cultivation. It could even help them raise their cultivation levels.

"That... Those two little princesses, do you still accept underlings?"

A youth thickened his skin and asked Hua Er and Cai er in a low voice.

"Accept underlings, accept underlings. As long as you're obedient in the future, we'll take care of you!"

Hua Er laughed loudly.

"Little Princess, I want to be your underling. I'll definitely fight for the little princesses in the future!"

"Little Princess, and Me. In the future, I will do my best for the Little Princess!"

After Hua'er finished speaking, the moral integrity of some of the academies in the elite class was immediately lost.

In front of medicinal pills, what was face? Moreover, this was an invincible demigod rank 3 expert! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Although they did not understand why these two little princesses had such terrifying strength, just the strength of a demigod rank 3 was enough for them to worship!

Without any exaggeration, if they met a demigod level expert, it was normal for them to kneel and worship.

Moreover, these two little princesses were so cute. With a wave of their hands, they were able to obtain a rank 5 void interpretation medicinal pill. Who would not be willing! !

"Hehehe, each person will be rewarded with a candy!"

Hua er generously waved her hand and gave one to each person!

"Little Princess, I also want to be your little brother!"

Mei Hexuan's mouth twitched when he saw this scene, and he squeezed out a smile with a dark face.

Although he said that he was humiliated by the whip, it was all the Whip's fault. What did it have to do with the two cute little princesses?

What did it have to do with the two demi-god level three evil little princesses? It was the whip that hit them, not the little princess!

"Hehe, as long as you listen to us, we'll take care of you!"

"Sister, it's still better to be a senior student. That group of juniors are all cowards and crybabies. This place is the most fun!"

Hua'er saw twenty people gathered around them with smiling faces. The two little girls raised their heads, looking like big sisters!

"Yes, it's still better to be them!"

Cai'er nodded her head in agreement.

The other party would not cry even if they were to hit them, nor would they call their parents. This group of people was much better than that group of little brats!

"Let's go, let's go play with that thing that shoots hidden weapons..."

The two little girls turned their heads and finished up in the cultivation room.

The group of people hurriedly followed by the side and explained to them.

With a chance to interact with a demigod rank 3 powerhouse, even ye Chen's face was filled with smiles as he went over!

"This..."

In the cultivation room, Mo Jiu and Mo Shi's faces revealed bitterness when they saw this scene!

"Before school ends, tell that group of students not to tell anyone about the Little Princess!"

Mo Jiu said indifferently.

"Okay!"

Mo Shi nodded his head in agreement!

Looking at the 20 most elite disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy surrounding the two little girls in the elite room, they smiled helplessly!

"How is it? Did the two of you cause any trouble in the Academy?"

In the evening, Wang Xian came to pick up the two little girls. He looked at the cheerful girls and asked with a smile.

"Daddy, we are so obedient!"

Cai'er held onto Wang Xian's left arm and said while shaking it.

"Yeah, Bad Daddi. The people inside are really nice. Their words are pleasant and fun. Hehe!"

Hua'er laughed and said non-stop.

"You two better not cause any trouble inside!"

Wang Xian smiled!

"HMPH, we're not going to cause trouble. Let's go home!"

The two little girls hopped toward the house while holding Wang Xian's hand!

In the following period of time, a scene that shocked all the students in Longmen Academy happened!

During lunch time in the elite class, a group of 20 elite students accompanied the two little girls.

Under the observation of some students, they discovered that this group of elite students, including the strongest person in the academy, Ye Chen, had brought food and water for the two little girls!

They even saw that the two elite students from the elite class, Mei He Xuan and Ma Cai, had gotten a car, and the two of them were carrying it.

On it sat two little girls, laughing happily non-stop.

This made the other students of Longmen Academy extremely confused. Some of them wanted to understand the situation from the elite students, but in the end, they didn't get any news!

"This divine ability of yours isn't so condensed. Your control isn't enough, you still have to practice your control!"

"Yes, it's the Little Princess!"

"Ma Cai, how can you be so stupid? The Earth attribute is mainly based on defense. is your defense all on your head? You have to cover your entire body, this pothole of yours is so fun!"

"It's the little princess. What do you think we should do?"

"Little Princess, Ye Chen is not talented. I would like to ask you a question!"

Time passed quickly. Twenty days passed in the blink of an eye!

In the cultivation room, Hua Er Cai'er sat on a swing. The entire cultivation room was painted pink.

In the room, there were cute dolls and all kinds of toys placed around.

The two little girls looked at the group of elite students cultivating in front of them and gave them some pointers.

There were also elite students who came over to ask questions.

"Little Princess, you guys are really amazing. After your little guidance, ye Chen immediately understood!"

Ye Chen stood beside them and bowed respectfully.

This was completely sincere!

"Hehe, Alright, Alright, Don't disturb us!"

Hua'er waved her hand at her and looked at the computer in front of her!

"Little sister, did you feel that we didn't know about their problem before? But when we saw it, we were able to solve it immediately. Furthermore, I've been having dreams for the past two days, and I've been dreaming about some things!"

Cai'er held her chin and looked at her little sister.

"AH? Sister, did you have a dream too? I Had a dream too. It affected my sleep!"

Hua'er turned her head and said with a smile. Obviously, she did not take this matter to heart!

"Why Did I dream of another father and another mother? It's so real!"

Cai'er's eyes sparkled as she pouted. "Could it be that we really picked them up?"