Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1904: 1904 Sacred Mountain, the celestial race

Memories, dreams!

After a god fell and a drop of blood was resurrected, they would not awaken all their memories in the beginning. They would awaken bit by bit as their cultivation increased.

Hua'er and Cai'er's cultivation had already reached the demigod rank 3. This was the time for the memories to awaken.

Perhaps they would be fully awakened tomorrow or at the next moment.

After the awakening, their previous memories would be completely restored!

Time passed slowly. Wang Xian stayed in the villa every day. However, in the past few days, he had also noticed some abnormalities in Hua'er and Cai'er.

This was especially so for Cai'er. From the beginning, Cai'er had always been a quiet little lady.

In the past few days, she had become a lot more ladylike. Furthermore, her every move was completely different from that of an ordinary little girl.

Just like the way she brushed her hair and the way she ate, there were huge changes!

Wang Xian saw everything!

"Daddi, Daddi, we're back!"

In the evening, the two little girls ran back after school.

Now, they didn't allow Wang Xian to pick them up!

"I'm here. Come over and let Daddy Hug You!"

Wang Xian stretched out his arm with a smile and said to them.

"Hehe, Daddi, our academy will be having a competition with other academies tomorrow. All the other students in the class will be there. We will be there too!"

Hua'er ran to Wang Xian and sat on his lap. She raised her head and said.

"The academy competition? Okay, okay. Daddy will go with you guys then!"

Wang Xian thought of the sensational events that happened in the past few days and said with a smile.

"Thank you, Daddi. It's just silly!"

Hua'er happily kissed Wang Xian on the cheek!

"What do you guys want to eat? Daddy will get it for you!" Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian touched Cai'er who was sitting beside him and smiled at them.

However, what Wang Xian didn't notice was that when he placed his hand on Cai'er's face, her small face instantly turned red and her eyes were watery.

"I want to eat meat!"

Hua'er immediately shouted loudly!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian stood up. "Do you want me to bring you guys there tomorrow, or do you want us to go with the Academy?"

"Daddi, bring us there. We want to go with Daddi!"

Hua'er said immediately.

"Alright, Alright. You guys wait here. I'll go prepare food for you guys!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked into the kitchen.

He was fine in the villa now. He was basically the one who prepared the meals for the two little girls.

"Sister, in the future, you... Don't kiss your father so often!"

Cai'er looked at Wang Xian who was busy in the kitchen. Her eyes were sparkling as she spoke to Hua'er who was beside her.

"AH? Sister, What's Wrong?"

Hua'er blinked her eyes and looked at her sister!

"Have you been dreaming these few days?"

Cai'er asked her speechlessly.

"Of course. At first, it disturbed my sleep, but in the end, it was quite fun. Hehe!"

Cai'er flipped her hair and touched her forehead. She was speechless and did not say anything else.

"The meal is ready. I'll call Xiao ran over to ask about tomorrow!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he patted the heads of the two girls and placed the food beside them. Then, he gave Xiao ran a call!

"Master!"

"Master!"

Soon, Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei rushed over.

"How was the competition this time?"

Wang Xian gestured for them to sit down and asked with a smile.

"Master, we will bring our students to Mount Hua Tomorrow. There are five academies competing this time. Other than our three academies, there are also the heaven-palm academy and the Lingfeng Academy under the heaven-palm sect!"

"We are confident that we can obtain the first place in this competition!"

Xiao ran introduced the competition to Wang Xian with a smile.

"Is the competition at Mount Hua?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. Mount Hua was one of the Divine Mountains. Not far away from it was the land of the nine dragons. Mount Hua was a Land of outstanding people!

"The Vulcan Academy wants to hold the competition at their place. The MENJIU Academy wants to hold the competition at their place. Naturally, our Longmen Academy also wants to hold the competition at our place!"

"After that, there was no agreement. We could only find a central location. Since ancient times, there has been a saying about the sword debate in Mount Hua. Hence, we held it at Mount Hua!"

"This competition will be broadcasted live all over the world. It can also be considered as promoting the prestige of the few great academies!"

Xiao ran said.

Wang Xian nodded. Currently, the twenty strongest forces in the world were respectively one sect, two clans, three academies, four mountains, five sects, and six sects. All of them were established by the son of deity prodigies.

Mount Hua was now occupied by the Celestials. The celestials were established by the eldest young master of the Divine Peak Corporation. The celestials were the family name that he announced to the public!

The celestials'strength and the influence of the eldest young master of the Celestials were extremely powerful and terrifying.

Once, he single-handedly defeated the divine sons and an expert on the god-sealing roll of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

He was not a disciple of the four major forces, but he was extremely feared by the divine sons and Heaven's favorites.

Among the twenty forces, the celestial race was considered to be one of the top existences.

"The two little girls said they are going over. Are they participating in this competition?"

Wang Xian asked with a smile.

"Let's watch Hua'er and Cai'er. If the other academies don't cheat, they don't have to participate!"

"Master, do you recommend them to participate in the competition?"

Xiao ran looked at him and asked.

"It doesn't matter. The two little girls can participate if they want to!"

Wang Xian shook his head nonchalantly. As long as the two little girls were happy, it was up to them.

Even if others knew about their strength, it was nothing.

"It's Master!"

Xiao ran nodded.

The first round of the Academy competition was related to the ranking of the three academies. Obtaining the first place would naturally be of great benefit to an academy.

However, he could not guarantee that there wouldn't be any tricks in this competition.

Although they had set the rules, if other academies sent out heaven's pride level students or students whose strength was close to Heaven's pride level, Longmen Academy would definitely not be a match for them.

These students who were close to Heaven's pride level were obviously prepared in advance by the academy by cheating.

In addition, the Fire God Academy and Gate 9 Academy were established by the Fire God Palace's disciples and pyramid disciples, so they had to be on guard!

With Flowers and flowers, they could also have a guarantee!

"I'll bring two little girls with you tomorrow!"

Wang Xian said to Xiao ran and the rest!

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran nodded.

After chatting with them for a while, Xiao ran and the rest left.

Wang Xian came to the villa and looked at the two little girls. He played with them for a while!

The next morning.

Wang Xian brought the two little girls to Longmen Academy.

In the academy, an airplane filled with powerful energy was parked at the field.

A few hundred academies entered the airplane.

In these academies, other than the twenty elite students, there were also some students with good talent and potential who went to watch and prepare for the future competitions!

"Back then at Mount Hua, a few mountain peaks were destroyed by me. I wonder how they are now!"

Wang Xian sat in the private room of the plane and thought to himself with a smile on his face.