Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1905: 1905 son of the nine Dharma deities

With the recovery of spiritual essence, the Earth changed, and the Divine Mountain began to shine!

Mount Hua, one of the current Divine Mountains, was once the west peak of Mount Hua. Now, it was also shining with divine light.

Among all the Divine Mountains, Mount Hua was once ranked at the top.

Back then, the divine sons and the experts on the god Ascension roll fought over this place. The eldest young master of the Divine Peak Corporation appeared out of nowhere and suppressed the experts on the god Ascension Roll. From then on, his name shook the world!

The area of Mount Hua was now more than 1,000 square kilometers. It was more than ten times the size of the past.

The lowest height of each mountain was 5,000 meters, which was four to five times the height of the past.

The divine light enveloped the surroundings, making people feel warm and comfortable.

Yaoxie did not dare to step into such a place.

"It seems that after the Earth's metamorphosis, the few mountains that were severed back then have already recovered!"

Wang Xian came to the sky above Mount Hua. He scanned the area below and thought to himself.

Mount Hua was now the territory of the Celestials. On the tallest mountain peak, there were two big words 'celestials'written on it.

On the mountain peak at the side, some of the words 'Shenfeng Corporation'were also carved on it.

Shenfeng Corporation was now the leader of the three major pharmaceutical corporations. Their elixirs were sold to the entire world.

"Roar!"

At this moment, roars could be heard from the front.

Wang Xian looked over and saw a group of people riding on flaming demonic beasts flying towards the bottom of a mountain.

"That should be the Vulcan Academy!"

Wang Xian looked over and mumbled.

Currently, the mainland of Earth had become one. The three academies were established for the disciples of the Ling Xiao Palace, the Fire God Palace, and the pyramid.

The strength of each academy was not to be underestimated.

If it were not for the existence of a group of tutors at the peak of the insightful void stage and the existence of the mysterious and powerful vice principal Ji Lingfei, the Dragon Gate Academy might be considered the weakest existence in the three academies.

"Eh? That is?"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked into the distance.

A golden pyramid was flying towards them. The pyramid was emitting a thick earthen yellow luster.

The entire pyramid had a radius of about ten kilometers and was emitting a powerful pressure.

"This is the Kingdom of God, the unfinished Kingdom of God!"

Wang Xian looked at the pyramid with a hint of surprise in his eyes.

The Unfinished Kingdom of God was equivalent to the ruins of the Kingdom of God in the vast area of the supernatural continent.

If this unfinished Kingdom of God was not built by a god, it would have been built by a demigod at the eighth or ninth level or even a peak powerhouse.

"Master, we're Here!"

At this moment, the plane stopped at the foot of the mountain. Xiao ran's voice could be heard.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked out of the plane!

"Master, that's a disciple of the Vulcan Academy. That powerful pyramid is the Gate 9 Academy. The founder of the Gate 9 Academy is the son of a God!"

Walking down, Xiao ran looked at the pyramid flying towards them with a solemn expression.

The strongest thing about the school of Gate 9 was its background.

The founder of the school was the son of a god in the pyramid. They had resources that other schools could not match.

"Is the school of Gate 9 very strong?"

Wang Xian asked with a smile.

"I'm not worried about the strength of their students. I have great confidence in the competition this time around!"

Xiao ran said confidently.

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Daddi, Daddi!"

At this moment, the voices of the two little girls could be heard from the side.

On the plane, the two little girls didn't sit with him. Instead, they sat with a group of students.

"Is that the father of the two little princesses? He actually came. Moreover, our principal is actually with the father of the Little Princess!"

"The fathers of the two little princesses are so young? To be able to have such a powerful daughter, he must be very powerful!"

"To be able to have our principal and vice principal follow by the side, could it be that the fathers of the two princesses are the upper echelons of the Lingxiao treasured palace? It's really possible!"

The students who had alighted from the plane looked over and discussed in low voices.

This was especially so for the 20 students from the elite class. They Knew Hua er Cai'er's strength.

They were also filled with surprise towards their father! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Master, the competition will only start tomorrow. The Protoss has arranged a mountain peak for us to rest on!"

Xiao ran said to Wang Xian.

"Will the two of you follow us to the mountain peak where we live or go out to play?"

Wang Xian looked at the two little girls and asked.

"We'll let sister Yao accompany us and go out to play with our classmates!"

Hua'er replied immediately.

"Alright then, you two go ahead. Call us if you need anything!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and gestured to Yao.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Yao nodded immediately!

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

"There are so many mountains here. Let's go out and play!"

Hua'er turned her head to look at her classmates and said loudly!

"Sister Hua'er is really too playful!"

Ji Lingfei said with a smile from the side.

"Let them play. I don't know how long they can continue to play like this!"

Wang Xian looked at the carefree Hua'er and said with a smile.

"HMM?"

Ji Lingfei was slightly stunned. She heard the hidden meaning in Wang Xian's words.

She looked at Hua'er and Cai'er. The two of them were not weak anymore. Their memories might be about to be completely restored!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and gestured to Xiao ran. The group of them walked towards the mountain peak where they lived.

When they came to the top of the mountain peak, Wang Xian glanced at the Divine Mountain, Mount Hua.

The divine blood that was stained with the divine blood was emitting the last of its divine radiance. Although this divine mountain was not as good as the divine kingdom, it was comparable to a pretty good paradise!

"Master, the appearance of Mount Hua back then has changed drastically. I still remember the scene when I fought with you and the leader of the Donghua Saint Sect Here!"

Xiao ran walked over from behind. He scanned his surroundings and said as he recalled the scene.

"More than ten years ago, the Earth changed too much!"

Wang Xian said faintly.

"Divine son of the nine gates, welcome to the Celestial Race's Hua Mountain. I Am Shenyuan Wu, here to welcome all of you!"

At this moment, at the foot of a mountain beside Hua Mountain!

The pyramid landed on the ground. A group of more than 500 people walked out from the pyramid. A middle-aged man from the celestial race immediately went up to welcome them respectfully!

The people of the Protoss did not need to come up to welcome the Dragon Gate Academy, the Fire God Academy, and the other two secondary academies. However, the Protoss still had to attach great importance to the Gate 9 academy.

The reason was that the dean of the Gate 9 Academy was the son of a god, the son of a female dharma deity in the pyramid!

There was still a huge gap between the son of a god and the son of a real god.

"Mr. God, where is your eldest young master?"

In the middle of the crowd, a tall, handsome young man wearing khaki leather clothes and khaki gloves looked at Shenyuan Wu and asked indifferently!

"I'm sorry, ninth divine son. Our eldest young master is unable to come personally to welcome you. Everyone, please, we have already arranged a place for you to stay!"

Shenyuan Wu hurriedly explained with a smile.

"Your eldest young master is really busy every day. We don't need a place to stay. Take us around. Have the other academies come?"

Sect nine divine son's expression didn't change as he lightly asked.

"Sect nine divine son, the Dragon Gate Academy, Fire God Academy, sky-palm Academy, and Spirit Peak Academy have arrived!"