Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1906: 1906 conflict

"Dean, the Fire God Academy isn't too far away from us. I know a little about them. Their strength isn't bad, but they're definitely not our match!"

"Sky Palm Academy and Spirit Peak Academy aren't qualified to compete with us yet. The only one is the Dragon Gate Academy. They're our only match!"

On the road of Mount Hua, a woman standing beside divine son nine of the Gate said with a smile!

"Regardless of whether it's the Dragon Gate or the Fire God, our Menghui Academy must obtain first place in this competition!"

"Since I've established a faction, I must become first among all the factions!"

Shenzi Menghui's eyes flickered with intense confidence as he said proudly.

As the son of a god, he had his own pride.

Among the few academies, his faction's background was the most powerful. If the academy he established couldn't become first, then how could he make his mother look up to him!

How could he give his mother an explanation.

Therefore, in this academy competition, his gate nine academy had to obtain first place.

Moreover, they had to completely suppress the other academies.

"Dean, don't worry. My strength has already reached the third level of the profound void tier. I will definitely be able to suppress all of them!"

A young man approached and said respectfully.

"Yes!"

Shenzi menjiu smiled faintly. He had his own trump card. He would not lose this time in the Academy's competition!

"I believe that with the strength of the nine Gates Academy, I Wish Shenzi Jiumen the best!"

Shenyuan Wu smiled at Shenzi Jiumen and said, "I wonder where you are planning to go, Shenzi Jiumen?"

"I heard that there are dozens of spiritual altars in the celestial race's Mount Hua. Bring us to the spiritual altars to take a look!"

Shenyuan Wu said to him.

"Okay, okay. Everyone, follow me!"

"There were once people who comprehended divine abilities from the spiritual altars on our Mount Hua. There were also people who comprehended divine abilities in front of the spiritual altars, and their strength increased by leaps and bounds!"

Shenyuan Wu continued with a smile.

"Divine attacks or things left behind unintentionally will leave behind some meaning. If one can comprehend them, it will indeed be very beneficial to cultivation!"

Divine son men jiu clearly understood some of this aspect. He looked at the crowd behind him. "If any of you are lucky enough to comprehend some, I will definitely reward you greatly!"

"Thank you, Headmaster!"

The group of students and disciples immediately called out respectfully.

"Little princesses, this is the spiritual pedestal. It's the only open and mysterious place on the Divine Mountain, Mount Hua. Every day, a large number of people come here!"

"There are people who have gained enlightenment here, and their cultivation is increasing rapidly!"

At the peak of Mount Hua's spiritual pedestal mountain, a mountain peak that was about five thousand meters tall reached straight into the clouds.

At the top of the mountain peak, there were many blood-red stone platforms. The stone platforms were irregular, and one of the stone platforms even had a palm print on it!

The twenty elite students of Longmen Academy brought Hua'er and Cai'er, the two little princesses, to this place and introduced them.

"The surroundings are so beautiful, Hehe!"

Hua'er swept a glance at the spiritual pedestal and looked around. Immortal Mist lingered around it, and it was filled with fairyland. "Tell Daddy later, let's move here!"

"Let's go take a look at the spiritual pedestal. Maybe we'll have an Epiphany!"

The elite disciples of Longmen Academy at the side said as they looked at the spiritual pedestals one by one.

"Spiritual altars?"

Cai er blinked her eyes and looked at the blood-red spiritual altars in the distance.

There were more than twenty spiritual altars on the spiritual pedestal peak, and each of them had a different appearance!

As she looked, she felt that there was a mysterious power within them.

"Weng!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Her mind trembled, as if she had been drawn away by the energy within. Her body emitted a faint energy, and memories appeared in her mind.

"Sister, what are you looking at?"

Hua Er saw that her sister's expression was not right, and her gaze also looked towards the spiritual pedestal.

"Oh?"

However, very quickly, her mind was also attracted by the familiar energy within the spiritual pedestal, and images appeared in her mind.

"Oh my God, they are having an epiphany, they are having an epiphany!"

Right at this moment, an excited voice came from the side.

A Cry of surprise caused everyone around to look over.

"Oh?"

Everyone around was slightly shocked and immediately looked over.

There were two to three hundred people at the peak of the entire mountain. When they saw Hua er cai ER's body exuding a mysterious energy, their faces revealed a shocked expression.

"What? The two little princesses and the others?"

The group of Dragon Gate Academy's elite students were slightly stunned and their faces were filled with astonishment!

"Immediately surround the surroundings, don't let others interrupt!"

When Yao nu saw this scene, she immediately ordered the group of students.

"Yes, yes!"

The rest of the students immediately nodded, surrounding the surroundings, their gazes sweeping over everyone on the mountain peak.

"Our Dragon Gate Academy's students have an Epiphany, please don't disturb, or else don't blame us for not being polite!"

Ye Chen stood in front, his body emitting an imposing aura as he warned everyone around him.

"The students of Dragon Gate Academy, those two little girls are students of Dragon Gate Academy?"

"Looking at their clothes, they are indeed students of Dragon Gate Academy. I didn't expect that two of them would have an epiphany. What a great opportunity!"

"Looking at their clothes, they seem to be elite students of Dragon Gate Academy. They are going to participate in the competition tomorrow. That young man should be an elite of Dragon Gate Academy called Ye Chen. I didn't expect that there would be someone among them who had an epiphany. This is a great event. Perhaps Dragon Gate Academy will become the leader of the Five Great Academies!"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, they revealed astonished expressions.

At this moment, the students of Longmen Academy had an epiphany. It might have some effect on the competition tomorrow.

Moreover, no matter what, the students of Longmen Academy having an epiphany at Mount Hua's divine stage was a very good publicity for Longmen Academy!

"Oh? What's going on?"

Just as the surrounding people were filled with envy and astonished discussions, Shenyuan Wu led the nine divine sons and the others to the divine stage.

When he heard the discussions around him, Shenyuan Wu was slightly startled. He looked toward the center and couldn't help but exclaim, "Someone has had an epiphany!"

"A student of the Dragon Gate Academy?"

The ninth divine son looked over and was slightly stunned. Then, his expression slowly turned unsightly.

An Epiphany by a student of the Dragon Gate Academy wasn't a good thing for their Dragon Gate Academy, especially during this period of time!

"Oh?"

Behind them, several students from Gate 9 Academy looked over. When they saw the two little girls being protected layer by layer, they were all astonished and their expressions changed!

"The two little girls had an epiphany. Could it be that those two little girls are members of the competition this time? Are they students of Your Dragon Gate Academy?"

Beside Divine Son Gate 9, several academy instructors saw that divine son's expression wasn't good, so they directly asked ye Chen and the others!

"Gate Nine Academy?"

Ye Chen and the others looked at the three hundred or so people who had just arrived and slightly raised their brows!

"That's right, we're from Gate Nine Academy? I presume you're the disciples of Longmen Academy in this competition!"

An old man from gate nine Academy asked Ye Chen and the others with sparkling eyes.