Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1907: Under the conflict of 1907

"Don't Disturb Our Dragon Gate Academy students'Epiphany!"

Ye Chen's gaze swept over everyone in the nine Gates Academy as he said coldly.

The twenty students of the elite class coldly swept their gazes over everyone around them.

Their two little princesses had an epiphany. This caused them to be astonished, but at the same time, their hearts were filled with incomparable admiration.

It seemed that it wasn't without reason that the two little princesses were able to reach the demigod third rank at such a young age.

"If you don't want us to disturb you, then speak properly!"

A trace of coldness appeared on Shenzi Men's face when he heard ye Chen's words. His voice entered ye Chen's and the others'ears.

They frowned slightly as their gazes fell on Shenzi men!

"That is?"

When they saw his face, their hearts trembled slightly as shock appeared on their faces! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Headmaster Gate Nine, I'm sorry. Two of our classmates had an epiphany!"

Ye Chen and the others recognized the identity of the ninth divine son and hurriedly said respectfully!

"Hehe!"

The ninth divine son smiled disdainfully!

"Is that the headmaster of the Gate Nine Academy? Hiss, this is the son of the pyramid God!"

"The ninth divine son of the gate nine Academy!"

When the surrounding people heard ye Chen and the others'respectful words, they looked over with shocked expressions on their faces.

"It's just two little girls having an epiphany. Unfortunately, it's too early to have an epiphany at this age!"

The old man next to divine son men jiu swept his gaze across Hua'er and Cai'er and shook his head slightly!

"Yes, vice principal. If it were their Dragon Gate Academy's elite students having an epiphany, we might have to be a little more serious. It's just two little girls. Their luck is pretty good!"

"But tomorrow, our nine gates academy will still be able to easily suppress the Dragon Gate Academy!"

A student from the nine Gates Academy said with a smile, as if he didn't put the Dragon Gate Academy in his eyes at all!

"HMPH, that might not be the case. In tomorrow's battle, we won't need the two of us little princesses to make a move. We can also suppress you!"

Ma Cai heard their words and snorted lightly!

In the face of the ninth gate academy's provocation, even if the ninth gate divine son was here, they couldn't weaken the prestige of the Dragon Gate Academy!

"Two little princesses?"

When the ninth gate divine son heard his words, he slightly raised his brows and looked at the two little girls who had suddenly gained enlightenment.

The few middle-aged elders beside him also looked over with flickering eyes

"Boom!"

At this moment, an aura spread out from Hua'er Cai'er's body and swept out in all directions!

"What a powerful aura. Could it be that the two little princesses are about to break through?"

Ye Chen and the others hurriedly looked over, their faces filled with surprise and joy.

"What? This aura?"

Divine Son Men Jiu and the other academy experts beside him had awe-inspiring expressions. Their eyes were filled with shock.

"Oh my God, this aura is so strong. Even if it's restrained, it's still so terrifying. How can the strength of those two little girls be so strong?"

"Is it because of an epiphany? What a terrifying aura. This aura is comparable to some heaven's favored sons, right?"

"Hiss, two such young students of the Dragon Gate Academy are actually so powerful. This Dragon Gate Academy is heaven-defying. The first place in this grand competition is basically guaranteed!"

When the surrounding people sensed Hua'er and Cai'er's aura, their faces revealed shock as they discussed one after another!

"HMPH!"

When the ninth divine son heard the surrounding people's words and saw the strength of two such young students from Dragon Gate Academy, his face slowly darkened.

He snorted coldly, and everyone's hearts trembled. It was as if their hearts had stopped!

"This..."

Everyone's faces instantly turned pale. Even Lady Yao's expression changed drastically.

"You..."

Lady Yao Stared at the ninth divine son with a grave expression in her eyes!

Everyone around also looked at the ninth divine son in horror. They didn't understand why he was suddenly so angry.

"AH, he actually interrupted. He actually interrupted the scene in our minds!"

At this moment, Hua'er's slightly angry voice sounded!

Cai'er also recovered from the scene and glared angrily at the ninth divine son!

"He was interrupted!"

Everyone's expression changed slightly when they saw the two little girls wake up!

"You actually interrupted us, you detestable fellow!"

Cai'er's small face was somewhat cold, and a faint dignity radiated from her body!

"In my actions, I can do whatever I want. I don't need a little girl like you to question me. You Don't have the qualifications, HMPH!"

The ninth divine son coldly said!

"How overbearing!"

Everyone's hearts trembled slightly when they heard the ninth divine son's words!

"Headmaster ninth divine son, I didn't expect that you would actually do such a thing. HMPH, did you see that your ninth divine son Academy isn't a match for us two little princesses'rising strength?"

"Are you going to interrupt their epiphany in this way?"

Ye Chen and the others questioned the divine sons of gate nine with embarrassed expressions.

"Afraid of You? Our Gate Nine Academy will be afraid of You, Hehe!"

When the students of gate nine Academy heard ye Chen and the others'words, they stepped forward and said disdainfully!

"You bunch of scoundrels, none of you are good!"

Hua'er stared at them, her eyes flickering with fury!

"Little girl, watch your words!"

A female student of the Gate 9 Academy said to her coldly!

"You bunch of people, you're asking for a beating!"

Hua'er glared at the female student and continued speaking.

"HMPH, breaking someone's Epiphany really makes people look down on you. The Disciples of Your Gate 9 Academy are all trash!"

Ma Cai stood by Hua'er's side and spoke directly!

"I think you're all courting death!"

When all the gate nine Academy's students heard his words, their faces also revealed an icy expression.

For a moment, the entire spiritual pedestal peak's aura froze!

"Courting death? Headmaster Gate Nine, do you dare let Your Academy's elite students fight with us!"

Ye Chen's face was gloomy as he spoke directly to divine son gate nine.

"You Bunch of bastards, you're asking for a fight. Today, I'm going to teach you all a good lesson!"

Hua'er also waved her arm, and a whip appeared in her hand. She swung it!

"How about it, headmaster gate nine? We'll Spar with your gate nine Academy's students. Your Academy's teacher won't make a move, right? HMPH!"

He Xiaowei also stood up and spoke directly to Shenzi gate nine.

"This... the elite students of the Dragon Gate Academy actually want to challenge the gate nine academy here. My God, the Spar is tomorrow. Today, they..."

"I have to say that the students of the Dragon Gate Academy are all very domineering. Although divine son gate nine is domineering and tyrannical, interrupting the Epiphany of the students of the Dragon Gate Academy, if he doesn't agree today, I reckon that the gate nine academy will have a bad reputation!"

When the people on Shentai Peak saw the domineering students of the Dragon Gate Academy, their faces were filled with astonishment.

The elite students of the Dragon Gate Academy wanted to directly teach the students of the Ninth Gate Academy a lesson. Under such circumstances, if the ninth gate academy didn't dare to accept the challenge, then it would be a great loss of face!

"Everyone, the Academy's Grand Competition will be held tomorrow. This Is Our Land of the Celestials. No one can fight in our territory!"

At this moment, Shenyuan Wu, who was standing beside Shenzi menjiu, frowned and said directly when he saw this scene!

"Shut up!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, Cai'er angrily shouted at him.

Her cute and beautiful face had an unprecedented dignity!