Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1908: Who in 1908 would dare to cause trouble in the Protoss?

Just now, Cai'er's memories were quickly awakened due to the attraction of the divine power in the divine pedestal.

If no one disturbed them, she would be able to recover all her memories!

This way, she wouldn't have to dream about all kinds of things every day.

Being interrupted by Shenzi Menjiu, she was abnormally angry.

She was filled with coldness and impatience in front of the Protoss divine Yuan Wu!

"My friends from the Protoss race, where did you go just now? Why are you talking now? Don't you know that you can't be disturbed when you have an Epiphany?"

Yao Nu looked at the Divine Yuan Wu and said coldly.

"Well, you..."

Hearing Cai'er's angry shout and Yao Nu's questioning, the Divine Yuan Wu looked embarrassed.

"You want to teach us a lesson? Do you have the qualifications to do so?"

At this moment, when the students of the Gate 9 Academy heard Ye Chen Hua Er and Cai Er's words, their faces also revealed a cold expression.

They didn't have the slightest fear towards the students of the Dragon Gate Academy.

Moreover, the other party actually wanted to teach them a lesson, so they naturally didn't cower.

They had strong confidence in their own strength!

A group of more than twenty young men and women walked out. With a wave of their palms, weapons appeared in their hands.

"Well then, we'll teach you guys a lesson today!"

Ye Chen and the others also moved their palms, and weapons appeared one after another!

When Shenyuan Wu saw this scene, his expression changed drastically. He immediately looked at the ninth divine son by the side.

However, when he saw his ice-cold expression, a bitter expression appeared on his face.

If it was a faction, the celestial race could still intimidate them. However, the conflict between the two academies was not something he could resolve!

"Immediately report to eldest young master. Right now, only eldest young master can resolve the matter here!"

Shenyuan Wu's expression darkened. He immediately made a phone call!

"You'll soon know if you have the qualifications or not. HMPH, beat them up!"

Hua Er glared at them angrily and immediately swung her long whip at them!

The rest of Ye Chen and the others were full of vigor, and the weapons in their hands emitted a brilliant light.

"They are fighting. Let's quickly Dodge!"

"This... could it be that the Dragon Gate Academy and the Gate 9 academy will decide the victor today?"

Everyone in the surroundings was slightly shocked and hurriedly dodged to the side!

"Courting death! Let them experience the might of Our Gate 9 Academy!"

The students of the Gate 9 Academy revealed a powerful fighting spirit as they shouted loudly.

"Pa Pa Pa!"

However, at this moment, a vine directly lashed towards them. The vine was like a poisonous snake!

"Ah!"

A student of the Gate 9 Academy didn't notice and was instantly struck. He spat out blood and flew backwards.

"What?"

"That little girl is so strong!"

The expressions of the other 20 or so gate 9 students changed slightly!

However, before they could consider it, Ye Chen and the others had already arrived.

The 20 elite disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy, after Hua Er and Cai er, the two little girls, gave them medicinal pills and gave them pointers, the lowest strength of their group had already reached transcendent level 9!

Among them, Ye Chen, who was the strongest, had already reached the third level of the insightful void realm!

They attacked at the same time, causing the expressions of the more than twenty disciples of gate nine and one to slightly change!

Cai'er stared at the ninth divine son of gate, and a green light flashed in her eyes. Her slightly tender eyes revealed wisdom that did not match her age.

Her gaze fell on the disciples of Gate Nine Academy, and she waved her hand.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Vines covered the entire mountain peak in an instant, directly wrapping around the students of the School of Gate 9.

"Break for me!"

The strongest expert of the School of Gate 9, the youth who also possessed the strength of the third level of the profound void tier, saw the sudden appearance of the thorns, and he hurriedly waved the earthy yellow hammer in his hand, shaking it towards the ground.

Waves of earthy yellow fluctuations shook towards the thorns! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Not good!"

However, in an instant, the powerful undulations landed on the vine, but to no avail. This caused his expression to change drastically.

"Sou Sou Sou!"

Branches directly appeared beneath everyone, wrapping around their legs.

"Oh no, how is this possible?"

At this moment, the expressions of all the disciples of the Nine Gates Academy changed drastically!

They looked at the incoming attacks from the students of the Dragon Gate Academy, and fear appeared in their eyes.

"Damn it!"

The faces of the divine son of the nine Gates Academy and the teachers of the nine Gates Academy also changed drastically when they saw this scene.

A middle-aged man waved his hand, and a huge earthen yellow shield appeared in front of the more than twenty students of the Nine Gates Academy!

Following that, a sharp sword appeared in his palm and slashed towards the thorn that was restraining the students!

"HMPH, even the teachers of the school of nine gates have made a move. How Shameless!"

When all of ye Chen's attacks were blocked, Hua'er's voice rang out, "However, I will beat them today!"

As Hua'er spoke, she waved the long whip in her hand and instantly struck towards the more than twenty elite students of the school of nine gates.

"So Fast!"

The instant the long whip was waved, the pupils of the old man standing beside the divine son of nine gates narrowed slightly.

They wanted to attack now, but it was too late!

"Pa Pa Pa!"

"Ah Ah Ah Ah!"

An incomparably tragic sound rang out. A long bloody scar instantly appeared on the bodies of the more than twenty students of the nine Gates Academy, accompanied by a miserable scream.

When Shenzi Menjiu saw this sudden scene, his expression instantly darkened.

The old man at the side immediately made a move and caught the students of the nine Gates Academy one by one, preventing them from falling down!

"A bunch of earth-shattering dogs. Such trash still dares to participate in the Grand Tournament of the Academy!"

Right at this moment, Cai Er's voice resounded throughout the entire spiritual pedestal peak.

"Hiss, this, this, this... instant kill. The students of the Gate 9 academy were actually instant killed. Those two little girls are so terrifying!"

"This is a battle on a completely different level. The Gate 9 Academy doesn't have the strength to resist at all. The gap between them and the Dragon Gate Academy is too big, right?"

"So Fast? Damn, the Gate 9 Academy is nothing compared to the students of the Dragon Gate Academy?"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, their faces were filled with astonishment.

They had thought that it would be a battle of equal strength, but they hadn't expected that the Gate 9 academy would be instantly killed. Wasn't the Gap Too Big?

The competition hadn't even started, and the Gate 9 academy had already been crushed!

"Boom!"At this moment, an incomparably terrifying aura soared into the sky.

In the entire spiritual pedestal peak, everyone's expressions changed drastically as they hurriedly looked over.

In front of everyone from the gate nine Academy, Divine Son Gate Nine's clothes rustled, and a terrifying killing intent overflowed from his body.

His eyes were filled with killing intent as he stared icily at Cai'er.

"What, is the headmaster of the gate nine Academy going to make a move?"

Cai Er looked at the son of God of the gate nine academy and mocked him coldly!

"Cai er..."

Yao Nu's expression changed slightly when she saw Cai er actually provoking the son of God of the gate nine Academy.

The person in front of her was the son of a god. His strength was not an ordinary demigod.

She called out softly and immediately sent a message to Wang Xian. Things had already exceeded her expectations!