Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1909: Big... Big Brother 1909?

The headmaster of Gate Nine Academy was going to make a move? Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

A voice filled with ridicule resounded throughout the entire spiritual pedestal peak. Everyone was stunned.

First, it was said that gate nine Academy's students were all in ruins. Then, it was ridiculed that gate nine divine son. This...

That little girl was so powerful!

"Little girl, I think you're courting death. Did you really think that I wouldn't dare to make a move? How could our gate nine divine son be bound by the eyes of the secular world! ?"

The killing intent in Gate Nine's divine son's eyes intensified when he heard Cai'er's words.

He stared coldly at Cai'er and said callously.

Based on ordinary secular behavior, if he made a move to harm the students of Longmen Academy, he would definitely be disgraced by everyone!

However, he was the son of God, Gate Nine's divine son, so how could he be bound by the secular world.

He didn't need to explain his actions to anyone.

He acted completely according to his own mood, without any scruples!

Everyone around felt the aura from the ninth divine son, and their faces changed drastically.

"Who dares to cause trouble on the Celestial Race's Hua Mountain?"

At this moment, a cold voice came from afar!

"Buzz!"

Instantly, a young man with a lofty aura and an unruly expression appeared in the sky above the spiritual pedestal peak.

His gaze swept through the surroundings and landed on Shenzi men!

"Shenzi men, it's not good for you to cause trouble in our divine clan, right?"

The young man stared at Shenzi men and asked indifferently. He didn't seem to be afraid of his identity or background.

"Oh?"

Shenzi men stared at the young man, his eyes shining.

"Shenzi, this Divine Peak Corporation's eldest young master's strength is very terrifying!"

At this moment, an old man standing beside Shenzi Men Jiu reminded him in a low voice!

Shenzi Men Jiu's eyes flickered. The two old men beside him had been sent by her mother since she was young.

The two of them were at the eighth level demigod realm. Other than the top-tier experts of the other four major forces, no one else was their match.

To be able to make two eighth level demigod realm experts call them terrifying, one could imagine how powerful they were.

"I'm very sorry, Young Master Shenfeng. Someone attacked my student, and we, Gate Nine, naturally can't remain indifferent!"

Gate Nine's divine son said to the youth with a smile.

"Oh? Someone dares to attack Gate Nine's divine son. He's quite bold!"

Seeing that Gate Nine's divine son was giving him face, the youth's expression softened a little. He swept his gaze toward Hua'er and the others.

"Dragon Gate Academy?"

He raised his brows and said indifferently!

"Greetings, Young Master Shenfeng!"

Ye Chen and the others saw the young man and felt their hearts tremble slightly. They bowed and shouted.

"The eldest young master of the celestial race is so powerful. He instantly shocked the two great academies. Even the tyrannical ninth divine son of the celestial race was somewhat afraid of him!"

"He's an expert who sits on the god Ascension roll alone. The eldest young master of the celestial race is someone who has great opportunities!"

When everyone saw the young man's arrival, their eyes were filled with astonishment.

"Who told you to make a move on my celestial race's Mount Hua? Where's your principal, Xiao Ran?"

The young man stared arrogantly at Ye Chen and the others as he asked coldly. A faint pressure spread downwards.

"Young Master Shenfeng, two of our academy's little princesses were startled by them when they had an epiphany in front of the spiritual pedestal!"

Ye Chen broke out in a cold sweat under the pressure and hurriedly explained with his head lowered.

"Epiphany?"

The young man raised his eyebrows and then continued, "No matter what, anyone who dares to make a move in our land of the Celestials must be punished, no matter what faction you come from!"

As he spoke, he slowly stretched out his hand!

"How overbearing!"

At this moment, everyone around once again felt the tyranny of an expert.

The eldest young master of the celestial race did not care at all about the other party's identity as a student of Longmen Academy, and directly wanted to punish him!

"Elder sister, this fellow seems to be more powerful than us!"

Hua'er stood on the spiritual pedestal peak, her brows tightly knitted as she spoke to her elder sister.

Cai'er nodded. She slowly touched the star grass on her forehead without the slightest bit of fear!

"Let me tell you, it was that group of fellows who provoked US first. If you dare to bully us, I'll Have Daddi Beat You Up!"

Hua'er saw that the guy wanted to punish them, so she pouted and said angrily.

"Hehe, no one dares to cause trouble in the celestial race. On account of your status as students of the Dragon Gate Academy, I'll give you a slight punishment. I'll let you know whose territory this is!"

The young man proudly announced indifferently.

If it wasn't for the fact that he hadn't recovered his strength yet, if it wasn't for the fact that there was a god behind door nine, and if it wasn't for the fact that Door Nine's divine son's attitude was better, he wouldn't have cared so much today!

Those who dared to cause trouble on the celestial race's Hua Mountain all had to be punished!

They were overbearing and domineering, causing everyone around them to show respect!

Even door nine looked at the domineering young man in astonishment, his eyes flickering!

"Oh? Someone Dares to Touch My Daughter?"

However, at this moment, a faint voice sounded.

"Who?"

The young man's expression changed slightly when he heard this voice. His gaze was fixed on the position beside flower!

"Daddi!"

Hua'er was pleasantly surprised when she heard the voice.

Cai'er also looked over immediately. However, there was a hint of shyness, a hint of dependence, and a hint of discomfort in her gaze when she looked at Wang Xian!

She opened her mouth but failed to utter the word in the end!

Wang Xian stroked her head and looked at the familiar figure in the sky indifferently!

"Repeat what you said just now!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said faintly.

"It's him!"

In the sky, when the young man saw Wang Xian, his heart was immediately shaken and his heart was in turmoil!

"Damn, how could it be him? F * ck! F * ck!"

The young man's facial expression changed drastically!

Ever since he, Shen Fengzi, regained his memories after being revived, there were not many people in this world who were afraid of him.

Having cultivated the heaven and earth concealment technique, he was confident that he would be able to hide from those gods!

The only person who frightened him was the person from half a year ago.

After all, that person was the only person on Earth who had slaughtered a god. Furthermore, the sea god did not even escape with a drop of blood. His divine kingdom had been devoured!

The other party had an extremely terrifying eye technique that was specially used to counter his concealment technique!

This could be said to be the person he feared the most on Earth. He didn't expect to meet him again after more than half a year.

Moreover, it was in this manner, and it was when he was acting pretentious!

"Oh? Who is that person? How dare he speak to the eldest young master of the Celestial Race Like That?"

"He descended in an instant. He's also a demigod expert and the father of those two girls. Who Is He?"

"I'm afraid this fellow is doomed. Even the ninth son of deity is polite to the first young master of the celestial race. How can he be so arrogant!"

The surrounding people were slightly shocked when they saw Wang Xian appearing in an instant. They looked at him in astonishment.

However, what happened next shocked everyone.

"Big... Big Brother, I... I mean the two little princesses are really cute. This is the first time we've met. This is a gift prepared for the two little princesses. I hope they like it!"

Shen Fengzi's body trembled and the corner of his mouth twitched. He quickly landed beside Wang Xian.

Gritting his teeth, he took out two treasures from his interspatial ring and handed them over. He stuttered a little.