Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1910: Nineteen hundred was dumbstruck!

"What?"

At this moment, when everyone saw the celestial young master suddenly appear next to the young man out of thin air and take out the treasure with a face full of respect and stuttering, they were all stunned?

What was going on? Just a moment ago, the celestial young master was still invincible, and even the ninth divine son was very afraid of him. Now, why was he... Why was he so respectful to the young man who appeared out of thin air?

How was this possible?

"HMPH, who cares about your things, Daddi? He said he wanted to punish US just now!"

At this moment, Hua'er's voice rang out. She snorted coldly and raised her head to shout at Wang Xian.

"No one can bully you!"

Wang Xian stroked Hua'er's head and squinted his eyes at the young man in front of him!

"Big Brother... Big Brother, I really didn't know that they were your daughters. Little princesses, I was wrong. I, Shenfengzi, failed to recognize Mount Tai!"

Seeing the change in Wang Xian's expression, Shenfengzi was on the verge of tears. He gritted his teeth and continued to take out the two treasures from his interspatial ring.

The two wood spirit pearls were emitting powerful energy. They were at least at the peak of the demigod realm.

"Little princesses, here. You are of the wood attribute. Take them and cultivate. What Big Brother said just now was nonsense. Don't be calculative with Big Brother!"

Kamikaze hurriedly handed the wood spirit Pearl to Hua'er and Cai'er and said with a sad face.

Hua'er stared at the wood spirit pearl with a little light. She narrowed her small eyes and smiled. "Seeing that you are so obedient, I won't let Daddi hit you!"

"The two little princesses are kind-hearted. I wish that the little princess will become more and more beautiful in the future!"

When kamikaze heard Hua'er's words, he was delighted and quickly said to Hua'er with a smile on his face.

"Hehehe, I forgive you!"

When Hua'er heard kamikaze's words, she could not help but giggle. Her eyes narrowed like crescent moons!

"What the Little Princess said is the truth!"

Kamikaze secretly looked at the great demon king's expression in front of him and immediately said with a smile on his face!

At this moment, Shenyuan Wu was stunned. All the students of the Dragon Gate Academy were stunned. The people of the Gate 9 Academy were also stunned. The people around them were even more stunned!

They... What did they see?

Was this the young master of the Celestial race just now?

Why did it feel like he had changed into a different person in an instant?

Was this dog-licking look still the same as the overbearing celestial young master from earlier?

"Hua'er Cai'er, is there anyone bullying you guys?"

Wang Xian glanced at the two girls indifferently and looked at the group of people from the gate nine Academy!

The son of deity and the two elders beside him frowned slightly when they saw Wang Xian's gaze.

They looked at Wang Xian in astonishment.

They were puzzled. What was the identity of this young man that made that young master of the celestial race so fearful! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Daddi, there's more. When images appeared in my mind just now..."

"There's nothing else. We... We are about to grow up. We can settle some matters ourselves!"

Hua'er wanted to continue speaking, but she was suddenly interrupted by Cai'er!

Hua'er was slightly stunned. She blinked her eyes and looked at her sister.

When Wang Xian heard Hua'er's words, he also frowned slightly. His eyes were sparkling.

In the past, when Cai'er talked to him, she would always call him daddy!

"Then let's go back!"

Wang Xian suddenly felt a little annoyed and said to Hua'er.

"Okay!"

Cai'er nodded her head.

Wang Xian's figure moved and disappeared with them, leaving behind a group of people with shocked expressions.

"Phew!"

When Shen Fengzi saw that Wang Xian had disappeared, he instantly heaved a sigh of relief and wiped the cold sweat on his forehead.

He turned his head and sensed the shocked expressions of everyone around him. His expression changed drastically again!

"If anyone were to say anything about what happened just now, I will kill all of you!"

He shouted sternly and swept his murderous aura across everyone around him.

Following that, his body disappeared in an instant. He had escaped. It was too embarrassing!

Although he did not kneel down like last time, there were many people around him today!

"This..."

Everyone around was stunned. They did not react until the eldest young master disappeared for more than ten seconds.

"To be able to make the young master of the celestial race so fearful, what is the strength of that young man?"

Divine son Men Jiu's face darkened slightly when he saw them leave. He asked the two elders beside him.

"Young master, we didn't see the young man's strength clearly either, but we can be sure that he isn't a god!"

An elder said with a slight frown.

The God who had lit the divine fire had divinity on him. He was mighty even when he wasn't angry.

They didn't sense it from the young man just now.

"There's another possibility. The other party is a high-level member of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, or a person with great fortune who once defeated the eldest young master of the Celestial Race!"

Another old man guessed.

Shenzi menjiu nodded, but his expression soon became ugly.

"A powerhouse actually sent his daughter to the Dragon Gate Academy. That Dean Xiao ran of the Dragon Gate Academy is really shameless. Damn it!"

As he spoke, his eyes sparkled.

"Let's Go!"

Shenzi Menjiu's face was gloomy. The Shenzi paused for a moment and said to an elder beside him, "Use all your strength to investigate all the information about that young man!"

With that said, he clenched his fists tightly, and a trace of unwillingness appeared on his face.

"Yes, Shenzi!"

The elder nodded and left in an instant.

Divine Son Men Jiu and the others also left toward the pyramid with heavy expressions.

"It's over just like that?"

"Who was the last young man to appear?"

"I don't know, but this is going to be a big deal. The Five Great Academies'grand competition hasn't even started yet, and Longmen Academy has already crushed men jiu academy. If this were to be posted on the Internet, it would definitely cause a huge uproar!"

In the surrounding area, the rest of the people from the spiritual pedestal peak saw them leaving and were chatting in astonishment.

"Let's go, Sister. Let's Go and rest first!"

As soon as they returned to the mountain peak where they were staying, Cai'er pulled the flowers and ran into the room.

"Hey, sister, why are you pulling me!"

Looking at Cai'er and the flowers entering the room, Wang Xian was slightly lost in his thoughts as he looked at their figures!

"Sigh, forget it, forget it. There will be a day like this!"

"Although the day will come sooner than I expected!"

Wang Xian smiled bitterly!

He had seen Cai'er's recent situation. The two little ones had apparently awakened some memories for some reason.

The big flowers didn't think too much about it. However, Cai'er, who had always been a lady, seemed to have recalled something.

Speaking of which, Wang Xian had already integrated himself into the role of a father over the past half a year.

Now that he saw that the two little fellows had regained their memories and might be leaving him, Wang Xian still felt a little reluctant to part with them and had other special feelings.

"Forget it. I'll do whatever I need to do!"

Wang Xian shook his head and came to the top of the mountain peak. He was slightly lost in thought!