Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1911: The Wrath of the 1911 sect nine divine son

"Sister, why did you pull me over!"

"I still want to play with Daddi for a while."

In the room on the mountain peak, Hua er pouted as she looked at her sister and said unhappily!

Cai Er looked at her sister and didn't know what to say for a moment!

Although her memories hadn't fully recovered, she had already recovered more than half of them!

She had already understood some things!

However, she remembered everything clearly when they were resurrected.

She remembered how she called that young man as her father back then. She also remembered how much that young man doted on them.

In fact, her heart was filled with dependence, but...

"Sigh!"

Cai'er sighed slightly and sat by the side in a Daze!

At the peak of the mountain, Wang Xian was also looking at the magnificent scenery around him. He was slightly lost in his thoughts.

At this moment, a video on the internet caused a huge sensation!

The name of the video was: the competition between the five major academies had yet to begin, and Longmen Academy had completely crushed Gate 9 Academy!

In the video, it was a battle between the elite students of Longmen Academy and the elite students of Gate 9 Academy.

The video was recorded clearly from the start of the battle between the two academy students until the end.

When everyone saw the video of the two little girls from the Dragon Gate Academy crushing the students from the nine Gates Academy, they immediately became excited!

"D * mn, the students from the nine Gates Academy are too trashy. They were actually pressed to the ground by the Dragon Gate Academy. No matter what, the nine Gates Academy is one of the three academies. How could they be so weak!"

"The two little girls from the nine Gates Academy are so strong. But isn't the nine Gates Academy too trashy? They were completely crushed. How can they be called one of the three great academies?"

"Isn't the nine Gates Academy too weak? They were able to become one of the three academies because of the nine gates divine son's background. Otherwise, they wouldn't be worthy of being called the three Gates Academy!"

"It's not that the nine Gates Academy is trashy. It's that those two girls are too monstrous. What kind of strength do they have?"

The video had been broadcasted for tens of millions of times in a short period of time. When everyone saw the scene in the video, they couldn't help but say with their mouths agape.

The two great academies had fought before the grand competition, and in the end, the Gate 9 academy was crushed. This was simply too embarrassing!

In a short period of time, the internet was filled with people ridiculing the gate 9 academy as trash. If the founder of the Gate 9 Academy wasn't the son of God, he probably wouldn't have the qualifications to be called the Third Academy!

Of course, there were also people who noticed that the two little girls of the Dragon Gate Academy were too monstrous, but many people ignored them.

Being crushed was being crushed, so how could they blame the Dragon Gate Academy for having two monstrous students?

The tournament of the five great academies had been the hottest topic recently, and now it was even more attracting people's attention.

In the past few days, there were even some people who guessed which academy would be ranked first. At first, many people were very optimistic about the nine Gates Academy, but in a short period of time, the nine Gates Academy was called the weakest and most trashy academy!

It was even inferior to the Sky Palm Academy and the Spirit Peak Academy, which couldn't even be called the third academy.

"Bastard, who sent it? Who sent it? ! This bunch of fellows deserve to die!"

"Bang Bang!"

At this moment, in the incomparably huge pyramid beside Mount Hua, the nine gates divine son was smashing the things in the room with a face full of rage.

His entire body was filled with killing intent as he stared at the computer in front of him, his body trembling slightly!

"Divine Son!"

In front of him, two beautiful women were kneeling there and trembling when they saw the divine son who was suddenly enraged.

Their divine son's temper wasn't very good. Many maids were often injured or even beaten to death by him!

When they thought of the miserable state those maids had been in, the two women became even more afraid!

"Jin Yi!"

He shouted toward the door with a face full of killing intent!

"Divine Son!"

An old man immediately walked in from outside the door. When he saw the smashed room, he immediately bowed and said, "Divine son, what orders do you have?"

"Has Jin er found any information about that young man?"

Divine son Menjiu suppressed the Fury in his heart and growled in a low voice.

"Divine son, Jin er shouldn't have found any information in such a short time. I'll contact him immediately!"

The old man hurriedly said!

"Our school nine must not lose tomorrow's grand competition. Moreover, school nine must get first place, definitely!"

The ninth son of deity roared in a low voice.

When he had established school nine, he had aspired to become the leader of all the academies.

This time, he was also aiming for first place in the grand competition. He wanted to prove to his mother that he was powerful.

However, the competition had yet to begin and the reputation of the Gate 9 academy had been completely destroyed. In fact, the academy that was called the most trashy academy was all supported by the god behind him!

How could this not make him furious!

Seeing the messages one by one, killing intent welled up in his heart. In the following competition, the Gate 9 Academy could not afford to lose.

However, because of the existence of the two girls, it was impossible for the Gate 9 Academy to win!

"If that young man doesn't have a powerful background, then kill those two girls. Kill them. It's all because of them!"

He roared tyrannically.

"Kill them?"

The old man was slightly stunned. He immediately bowed and said, "Divine son, think twice. That young man can make the eldest young master of the celestial race so respectful. He must be quite powerful!"

"He's not a god. As long as he doesn't have a god behind him, our sect nine will be afraid of him. If he infuriates this divine son, I'll kill him!"

Sect Nine's divine son said tyrannically.

"Divine son, they're with the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. I'll get Jin Er to ask some of the experts of the Lingxiao treasured palace. If he's a high-ranking official of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, we should be able to get the news soon!"

The old man immediately said.

"Ask him to give me the news within an hour. As long as he's not a high-ranking official of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, we'll Take Action!"

Shenzi Menjiu's eyes shot out killing intent as he said in a cold voice.

"It's the Shenzi!"

The elder nodded respectfully and immediately contacted the other elder!

"The higher-ups of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

The elder immediately took action after receiving the information.

It might take him some time to find out the specific identities of the two girls'fathers.

However, it was much easier to find out if they were the higher-ups of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

As an expert who had also descended to Earth, although the few major factions were not very harmonious, it was still relatively easy for him to find one of the other party's high-ranking officials.

He had seen Wang Xian's face before. He could completely condense it with energy.

As long as he was looking for some divine sons of the Lingxiao treasured palace and asked the experts on the god-sealing roll, he would know.

With a target in mind, the old man immediately took action.

With his cultivation of the eighth level of the profound void tier, it was very easy to find them!

"Divine son, Jin Er sent a message that the young man is not among the higher-ups of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

An hour later, the old man entered the room of the ninth divine son in the pyramid and reported! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"No? Haha, Good, good. Those two damn girls have brought shame to our school nine academy. I will kill them tonight!"

"No, capture those two girls, TSK TSK!"

He stood up with a malevolent expression and licked his tongue, his face filled with lust.

Five minutes later, two naked corpses lay at his feet.

It was those two maids!