Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1912: 1912 Dragon’s Wrath 1

"Son of deity, although that mysterious middle-aged man is not a high-ranking official of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, he is very powerful. With our strength..."

In the pyramid room next to Mount Hua on the Divine Mountain, the old man frowned slightly as he spoke to the ninth son of deity.

The old man and the others were not too surprised by the two little girls'revenge.

They understood the son of deity's character of seeking revenge for the smallest grievance.

However, according to second brother Jin's investigation, although that young man was not a high-ranking official of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, he was able to make the eldest young master of the celestial race so fearful. He was not someone they could easily deal with!

"As long as he is not a godly state expert, everything is negotiable!"

A ferocious look appeared on ninth gate's son of Deity's face. He slowly extended his hand, and there was an incense stick in his palm!

This incense stick emitted a dreamy luster.

"Dream god Incense!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The old man looked at the incense in Shenzi men's hand and was shocked.

"Shenzi, with the dream god incense, I can definitely complete the mission and kidnap those two little girls!"

"There might even be a chance to take that young man's Head!"

The old man immediately bowed and said!

"When Jin Er comes back, all of you will make a move together!"

The corner of the divine son of Men Jiu's mouth curled up slightly as he said faintly.

"It's the Divine Son!"

The old man took the dream god incense and respectfully retreated outside.

The dream god incense was a kind of treasure that was similar to the hypnotic incense. By lighting up this incense, it would be able to hypnotize everyone below the Godly State!

The effect of this incense was extremely powerful. Only the descendants of men jiu, a god, had the chance to obtain such a precious item.

"Hua'er Cai'er, are you still eating tonight?"

The Sun was gradually setting. On a mountain peak in Mount Hua, Wang Xian came to Hua'er Cai'er's room and asked.

"Daddi, eat, I want to Eat!"

The door opened and Hua'er looked at Wang Xian with a smile on her face. She looked very happy.

"Daddi, sister said that she's not hungry. I'm not eating anymore!"

Following that, Hua'er looked at Cai'er who was in the room and continued to speak to Wang Xian!

"Cai'er is not hungry. Come and eat then!"

Wang Xian looked at Cai'er who had her back facing him in the room and didn't say anything.

Most of this girl's memories should have been awakened and she didn't know how to face him.

After all, they were once gods and had lived for an unknown number of years. They once had their own parents and relatives.

Now that they had a father, it was naturally difficult for them to accept it. They didn't know how to deal with it.

"Come, let Daddy Carry You Down. What do you want to eat?"

Wang Xian carried Hua'er and asked with a smile.

"I want to eat meat, eat meat!"

Hua'er shouted happily!

"Daddy?"

In the room, Cai'er sensed that Wang Xian and Hua'er had left. A hint of bitterness appeared on her delicate little face.

She couldn't help but hold her chin with both hands.

The Awakening of her memories was hard for her to accept as a father.

She and her younger sister perished in the battlefield more than 100,000 years ago. At that time, they were already over a thousand years old.

Although they didn't have a family, they had parents who loved them very much!

Even now, their parents might still be alive.

It was hard for her to get used to calling someone else a father all of a sudden.

However, she was full of reliance on the young man who had carried them out of the divine kingdom and raised them.

More than half a year after her memories hadn't fully awakened, she could feel that young man's doting, care, and love for them!

Now that her memories had awakened, she had a very special feeling!

"Sigh, what should we do next!"

Cai'er scratched her hair and looked outside in a daze!

"Sister, Daddy asked me to bring you your favorite cake. Here!"

Half an hour later, Hua'er walked over with a cake in her hand and a smile on her face!

"HMM?"

Cai'er looked at the cake in her sister's hand and was slightly lost in thought.

"The memories of the two little girls should be fully restored soon. I wonder how they will react!"

At the top of the mountain peak, Wang Xian shook his head slightly as he looked at Mount Hua which was shrouded in divine light.

After an entire afternoon, he had already gotten over it.

The two little girls were not his daughters to begin with. He knew that this day would come sooner or later. Under the slight discomfort, he had also gotten over it!

"Huh?"

At this moment, Wang Xian's eyebrows twitched slightly as he looked towards the north.

That was the land of the nine dragons.

"Is someone targeting the dragon soul again?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and his figure disappeared instantly. He appeared in the sky above the land of the nine dragons.

"It's another god that has been resurrected. Furthermore, there are three of them. One of them is exuding an evil aura!"

When Wang Xian was floating in the air, he looked down.

There were three figures 10,000 meters deep underground. Wang Xian had seen two of them before.

One of them was a country bumpkin who had already obtained the Dragon Soul. The other was the young master of the celestial race. Wang Xian had never seen the last one before.

However, his strength was indeed the strongest among the three of them.

He had the cultivation of a level nine demigod!

In the past half a year, Wang Xian had sensed many people searching for the dragon soul, including the gods from the other four forces.

However, Wang Xian did not manage to capture it.

After the gods obtained the dragon soul, they might use special methods to refine it or they might discover the situation of the Dragon Soul.

Therefore, he did not order the gods to capture the dragon soul.

As for the rest of them, they were all heaven's favorites or even those at the insightful void tier.

Naturally, Wang Xian could not let them obtain it.

"This country bumpkin has quite a big appetite. He even wants to obtain a second dragon soul. Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the country bumpkin who was holding the dragon-seeking array and a cold expression appeared on his face.

After the country bumpkin obtained the Dragon Soul, he had spent a huge amount of resources in the past six months to create the body of a true dragon.

It might not be long before he could use the dragon soul to ignite the divine fire!

However, he was clearly a little greedy. He wanted to obtain more dragon souls!

"The resources of the country bumpkins are no longer sufficient to raise the dragon soul to the godly state. The young master of the Celestial race and another young man who is emitting an evil aura can let them obtain the Dragon Soul!"

Wang Xian revealed a look of contemplation. Finally, his gaze landed on the young man who was emitting an evil aura.

He was also a god who had been resurrected and was very powerful.

"After obtaining the Dragon Soul, you won't be able to become the true dragon's son of Heaven in the end. Instead, you will die. I'll leave it to you!"

Wang Xian's impression of the young master of the Celestial race wasn't too bad. His temperament was obviously much better than that of the country bumpkin and the young man who was emitting an evil aura!

Therefore, he wasn't planning to choose the young master of the Celestial race!

I Can't let them get their hands on him so easily. Otherwise, I might get suspicious

Wang Xian stood at the top and pondered in his heart. After making up his mind, a faint smile appeared on his face.

The current him was completely using the resurrected God as a chess piece and himself as a chess player to control everything!

However, just as Wang Xian arrived at the land of the nine dragons due to the unusual movement of his Dragon Soul, more than ten shadows slowly appeared at the foot of the Hua Mountain where he lived.

Leading them were two old men. They were staring at the top of the mountain peak with a hint of coldness in their eyes!