Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1913: 1913 Dragon’s Wrath 2

"According to the information we received, those two girls and that young man live on the top floor. Other than that young man, the rest are a group of weaklings. Don't Worry!"

"Before lighting the dream divine incense, everyone be careful. Don't be discovered. If this matter isn't handled properly, we'll all die!"

On the mountain peak where Mount Hua's Dragon Gate Academy lived, an old man reminded the dozen or so people around him in a low voice.

"Yes!"

The group of people nodded solemnly.

If they couldn't complete the order given by their divine son this time, they would all be doomed!

"Activate the concealment array. Let's Go!"

The other old man said. The three figures at the outermost area each held an array stone plate in their hands and moved slightly.

The array was activated, and the dozen or so figures quickly disappeared.

In less than ten seconds, a wisp of white smoke rose from the top of the mountain. The smoke only appeared for a moment before drifting towards the top of the mountain.

When it came to the side of the mountain, the white smoke had already disappeared.

Everything returned to calm once again!

At the same time, in the room at the top of the mountain, Hua'er was lying on the side sleeping soundly. Cai'er, who was at the side, widened her eyes and looked at the ceiling above!

"Buzz Buzz!"

At this moment, the two star grass on top of their heads trembled.

"Huh?"

Cai'er was slightly stunned. A cold expression appeared on her small face as she looked outside.

"Sister, Wake Up!"

She patted Hua'er beside her, her eyes shining.

"What's wrong, Sister?"

Hua'er opened her eyes in confusion and looked at her sister in confusion.

"Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the star grass on their heads trembled again.

A faint fragrance entered their nostrils.

"Someone is poisoning us!"

Cai'er's expression immediately turned cold when she smelled the fragrance.

"What?"

Hua'er sat up and waved her hand. She put on her clothes and looked outside!

"It's the dream god incense. It can make people fall into a dream. Even a god realm expert would fall into a deep sleep!"

Cai'er's little face changed slightly as she said this. Her eyes revealed a cold expression.

"Dream god Incense?"

Hua'er was stunned once again.

At this moment, images suddenly appeared in their minds.

The dream god incense could cause experts below the godly state to fall into a dream. Even if they were attacked, they would not wake up.

This was the power of the dream god incense.

However, the powerful ability of the dream god incense landed on Hua'er and Cai'er's bodies, causing deep memories to appear in their minds.

The dream god incense, on the other hand, accelerated the awakening of their memories!

"The dream god incense can make anyone below the god realm dream within a second. Let's Go!" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

In the air beside the mountain peak, the old man's voice sounded out of thin air.

Following that, figures appeared one after another as they walked towards the rooms at the top of the mountain peak.

"Go and search the rooms above. The main ones are those two girls. If you see that young man, take his head!"

The old man in the middle said as he directly entered a room.

"Oh?"

When he entered the room, he saw that there were two Hua'er and Cai'er with their eyes closed. His face lit up with joy.

"HMPH, you two girls made the divine son so angry. What a pity!"

The old man looked at the delicate and cute Hua'er. He snorted lightly and directly walked toward them.

"Pa!"

"Who are you?"

However, at this moment, the door of a room beside them suddenly opened.

Yao Nu was holding a trance that was emitting light in her hand. She looked coldly at the old man who had suddenly appeared and shouted sternly.

"Eh? What's going on? She isn't sleeping?"

The old man was slightly stunned when he saw Yao nu!

"What did you do to the two little princesses? Go To Hell!"

When Yao nu saw Hua'er, who had her eyes closed and was motionless, killing intent appeared in her eyes.

"Damn it, there's still one who isn't unconscious. You're unlucky!"

When the old man saw Yao Nu, he waved his hand, and his domain enveloped the room.

"Buzz!"

In an instant, a large earthy yellow palm appeared around Yao Nu.

"Not good, Dragon King, save me!"

Yao Nu felt the earthy yellow palm surrounding her and knew that she had encountered a top-notch expert. She cried out for help in horror.

However, his voice didn't penetrate the old man's domain.

If Wang Xian was still nearby, he would definitely sense it. Unfortunately, he happened to leave tonight and was a hundred kilometers away.

"Die!"

The old man waved his proven arm and the earthy yellow palm clawed. A powerful force landed on Yao Nu's body, causing her to spit out blood and pass out instantly.

"Ant!"

The old man casually waved his hand, wanting to completely destroy her.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the god-striking branch in Yao Nu's hand suddenly released a jade-green light that enveloped yao nu. The powerful force landed on it without causing the slightest ripple!

"What? What is this?"

The old man was slightly startled and hurriedly looked at the god-striking branch in Yao Nu's hand.

"Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Before the old man could go and take a look, a piercing sound was heard.

The old man's body paused, and his pupils slightly enlarged. He stiffly raised his palm and placed it between his brows.

A drop of blood appeared in his line of sight.

"Bang!"

His body directly fell to the ground!

"Second brother, do you see the figures of those two little girls?"

At this moment, a weak voice came from outside, followed by more than ten figures entering the room.

"Second Brother!"

When the other elder saw his companion lying on the ground, his expression changed drastically as he shouted loudly.

"Elder Jin!"

The expressions of the more than ten figures behind him changed slightly as they scanned their surroundings vigilantly.

"Whoosh!"

At this moment, another weak voice sounded, and everyone in the room froze.

They trembled and looked at each other in shock!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

More than ten corpses fell down!

With the protection of the star grass, it was impossible for anyone under the god realm to harm them.

With the death of everyone, the entire room fell into silence again.

Yao Nu lay quietly on the ground, being hit by the God Protector.

Hua'er and Cai'er fell into a dream, and their memories began to quickly awaken.

Time slowly passed, and the Sun Rose. The entire Mountain Peak became lively!

"Xiao ran, should we call Hua'er, Cai'er, and teacher over?"

On the mountain peak, Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others were preparing to bring their students to participate in the competition.

Ji Lingfei saw that Hua'er, Cai'er, and the others had not come down yet, so she asked him.

"There's no need. Master will bring them over later. That girl Hua'er likes to sleep late!"

Xiao ran smiled and shook his head. He then led the rest of the students to the competition grounds of the Five Great Academies.

"Ah, ah, ah, I actually have a father. Ah, ah, I was actually seen naked by a man. Ah, ah, ah, no!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the room at the top of the mountain.

The flower stood on the bed and kept jumping up and down and shouting with some madness!