Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1914: Dragon Fury 3,1914

"SOB, sob, sob, sister, what should we do? We have an extra father!"

"But this father seems to be even younger than us. To think that I, Lin Yuwen, have an extra father younger than me. He even saw me naked!"

"That stinky fellow even gave me the name of Wang Hua'er. Does it have to be so ugly? Does it have to be!"

The crazed voice continued to ring out. Hua'er's little face was flushed red and filled with shame and anger as she kept calling out.

Cai'er, who was at the side, looked at her younger sister who had completely regained her memories and smiled bitterly.

That fellow was indeed a little too much. Giving them both a name like Wang Hua'er and Wang Cai'er, it was extremely ugly.

"How will you face him in the future?"

Cai'er looked at her sister and said with a smile.

"I don't know either. I Can't call a little guy who is thousands of years younger than me as father, can I?"

"Ah Ah, if we add in the hundreds of thousands of years that we have fallen, it makes him look even younger. But... but he did raise us up to such a big age!"

"And, and he is so good to us. Wah Wah Wah, what should we do, Sister!" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"We were young girls back then. He actually saw all of us naked and even kissed us all day long!"

Hua'er kept shouting in the room. At first, it was fine, but the more she listened, the darker Cai'er's face became.

What did he mean by seeing all of us naked?

"Back then, you even peed on his neck!"

Cai'er said directly to Hua'er with slight anger.

"You, you, you..."

Hearing her sister's words, Hua'er's face immediately turned red, and even her neck turned red.

She pointed at Cai'er and pouted. "Lin Yurou, I'm warning you, don't say anything about this in the future!"

"Okay, okay!"

Cai'er smiled and frowned. "What should we do now?"

"I don't know either!"

Hua'er's face fell, and she looked like she had nothing to live for.

"Why don't we continue to pretend? We have already called him daddy, so what if we continue to call him Daddy?"

Suddenly, Hua'er raised her eyebrows and said.

"Then... then do you want to keep calling him daddy from now on?"

Cai'er glared at her and said.

"That guy is also quite good to us. We can not call him little brother when we are together!"

Hua'er pouted and said with a sad face.

"Sigh, little sister, your divine kingdom has completely fallen. My divine kingdom can still sense it a little. Why don't we wait until our bodies have grown a little before we talk about it!"

"Wait until we recover to the divine realm, then we'll consider the matter with that guy!"

Cai'er hesitated for a moment and said.

Hua'er was stunned for a moment. Then she looked at her small body, obviously very dissatisfied.

"Well, that's the only way. I'll look for him again in the future!"

She said to Cai'er!

"These people!"

Cai'er turned around and looked at the corpses on the ground. Her eyes flickered with a cold luster.

"A bunch of scoundrels. They still want to kill us. It should be that divine son from the pyramid yesterday!"

"HMPH, what Bullsh * t divine son. When we recover our strength, we'll kill them all and send them to hell!"

Hua'er snorted coldly with a fierce look in her eyes.

Cai'er waved her arm, and all the corpses on the ground disappeared.

She looked at Yao Nu, who had fallen to the side and was being protected by the god Slayer!

"Sister Yao Nu is injured, but it shouldn't be a big problem. Sister, you said it was really strange. When the god Slayer's branch father gave it to us, it was already on the verge of withering. There was only a trace of energy left!"

"That stinky fellow, how did he restore the god-beating branch's vitality?"

Hua Er looked at the god-beating branch in Yao Er's hand and frowned slightly.

"He's very strong and very mysterious!"

Cai ER's eyes flashed with a luster.

Back then, the god-beating branch was on the verge of withering, but their father still solemnly gave it to them to protect themselves, saying that it would save their lives in the future.

This time, they were able to revive again, all thanks to the god-slaying branch.

However, after the god-slaying branch retained a drop of their blood, it also completely withered.

Now that it could recover again, they were extremely surprised.

"Sister Yao is protected by the god-slaying branch. We Can't touch her. Let her lie here, let's Go!"

Cai'er continued speaking to Hua'er.

"Okay, let's Go!"

Hua'er nodded.

"Right, should we tell him?"

"Tell him what? How? Could it be that our memories have awakened? You're just a little brother. We'll come find you after cultivating for a while? Let's go, Let's Go!"

As Hua'er and Cai'er spoke, they moved and disappeared.

They flew towards the divine kingdom that had not been completely damaged.

...

"Damn it, damn it, why is this dragon soul so hard to capture!"

At that moment, in the land of the nine dragons, a hundred kilometers away from Mount Hua, below a city, the Earth grandson held the dragon-seeking array in his hand as he walked underground with an embarrassed expression.

Looking at the dragon soul that disappeared in an instant, his expression changed drastically!

"Weng!"

At this moment, he felt the place behind him shake, causing his expression to change drastically.

"Who?"

"F * ck, there's actually someone following behind me!"

The earth grandson immediately looked around warily, his eyes filled with wariness.

"That evil youth is indeed extraordinary, to be able to follow behind the Earth grandson, it's about time. Congratulations, True Dragon Son of Heaven!"

"I won't play with you guys anymore. Hua'er and Cai'er are getting up now!"

Tens of thousands of meters above the ground, Wang Xian's face was filled with a strange smile.

He looked at the time and arrived in the sky above Mount Hua in a flash.

"Hua'er, Cai'er, wake up. It's time to bask in the Sun!"

Wang Xian arrived at the peak of the mountain and saw that Xiao ran and the rest had already left. He walked towards the room of the two girls.

"Huh?"

However, when he entered the mountain peak, he sensed something strange around him.

"What's that smell?"

He sniffed with his nose and frowned immediately. His dragon eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the surroundings.

When he saw that there was no sign of Hua'er and Cai'er in the room, his expression changed slightly when he saw Yao nu lying on the ground inside.

"Bang!"

Wang Xian immediately opened the door and walked into the room.

He looked at everything in the room with a gloomy face and walked to Yao Nu's side.

He waved his arm and regained his focus. A surge of energy landed on Yao Nu's body.

"MMM!"

Yao Nu opened her eyes slowly. When she realized that she was not dead, she heaved a sigh of relief.

"Dragon King!"

When she saw Wang Xian, she was slightly shocked. She recalled the scene from yesterday. "Dragon King, someone barged in to deal with the two little princesses last night!"

"The two little princesses, they...".

As Yao Nu spoke, she immediately surveyed her surroundings and searched for Hua'er and Cai'er's figure. Her face was filled with anxiety.

"Someone is here to deal with Hua'er and Cai'er?"

Wang Xian's face darkened. A terrifying killing intent flashed in his eyes.

"Who is it?"

He asked with a terrifying aura.

"Dragon King, Yaonu is guilty. I saw an old man talking about the divine son..."

"I remember now. That old man seems to be the person beside the ninth divine son of the gate yesterday!"

Yaonu knelt down and said with a pale face. When she recalled the old man's face, which was the same as the one she saw on Shentai Peak, she immediately said in fear.