Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1915: 1915 Dragon’s wrath 4

"The people beside the nine divine sons?"

When Wang Xian heard Yao Nu's words, a cold glint flashed in his eyes.

"They are courting death!"

Wang Xian growled in a low voice. His violent aura caused Yao nu to tremble.

This was the first time she felt the Dragon King's fury.

If this violent aura attacked her directly, she had a premonition that she would die under the pressure.

At the thought of this, she felt even more terrified.

After all, she had failed to protect the two little princesses!

"Phew!"

Wang Xian took a deep breath. His eyes were cold as he scanned his surroundings, looking for any clues.

"The son of God, the son of the god of the Pyramid!"

"If anything happens to Hua'er and Cai'er, I will make your pyramid your graveyard!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he looked towards the center of Mount Hua. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

"Get Up!"

He glanced at Yao Nui indifferently.

This matter was not something that she could stop. With Yao Nui's current strength, she was not as powerful as the two little girls.

"Dragon King, the two little princesses..."

Yao Nui said with Bloodshot Eyes!

"Whoever dares to hurt them, I will bury them with them!"

Wang Xian said coldly. His figure moved and appeared in the sky above the mountain peak!

"You'd better pray that nothing will happen to the two little girls!"

He looked at the center of Mount Hua.

That was the first day of the competition of the five great academies. The competition was also held at the summit of Mount Hua.

His figure moved and appeared directly above the competition venue.

The battle between the Five Great Academies'chief academies, the summit of Mount Hua!

It was located at the summit of Mount Hua. After undergoing the transformation of the array formation, it was the size of a football field.

There were viewing platforms in the surroundings. At this moment, the viewing platforms were already filled with tens of thousands of people.

Among these tens of thousands of people, there were students from the five great academies, there were people from the Protoss race, and there were even some who had come specially to watch.

Around the central arena, there were dozens of cameras set up in all directions, broadcasting the competition live.

Dozens of television stations were broadcasting the competition live.

The competition between the top academies in the world was still related to the ranking of the academies. Naturally, it attracted the attention of the entire world.

Almost one-third of the people in the world were watching the competition.

The five academies were located in the five most eye-catching locations.

Wang Xian hovered in the sky and looked coldly at the son of deity of gate nine who was standing in front of the stage of gate nine Academy.

If it was an ordinary force or someone else, Wang Xian believed that Hua er Cai'er, who had the protection of the stellar grass, would not have any problems.

However, the other party was a son of deity, the son of a god. He could not guarantee that the other party would have any special items that could deal with spiritual items such as the stellar grass.

Now that Hua'er and Cai'er had disappeared, it was definitely related to him.

"HMPH, a bunch of ignorant people on the internet actually dare to say that our nine Gates Academy is the worst academy. Today, I'll let you see the strength and dignity of the nine Gates Academy!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Keke, Dragon Gate Academy, Fire God Academy, your students aren't doing well. Send out your strongest students!"

At this moment, at the peak of Mount Hua, divine son men jiu stood in front of his seat and coldly swept his gaze over everyone around him!

His gaze was fixed on a youth wearing the uniform of the nine Gates Academy in the middle of the arena. His eyes flickered with a cold luster.

Sweeping his gaze over the nine Gates Academy's position, when he didn't see the two little girls appear, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. At the same time, he was also incomparably astonished.

Last night, he had sent out his strongest subordinate to kidnap the two little girls from yesterday. In the end, he didn't see them even after a night.

This caused him to have a slight bad premonition!

"This bunch of damnable fellows. However, regardless of whether they succeed or not, it's fine as long as the two little girls from the Dragon Gate Academy don't appear!"

He snorted coldly in his heart.

As for the life and death of his subordinates, he was no longer interested.

As for whether the matter of him sending people to kidnap those two little girls would be exposed, he didn't care at all.

His mother was a god of the pyramid. Even if it was the god of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, they wouldn't dare to touch him easily.

What he wanted was the number one spot in this year's academy grand competition. He wanted the gate nine academy to become the leader of all the academies.

Just now, when their gate nine Academy appeared, he heard all kinds of jeers and jeers from the surrounding spectators'stands, making his expression extremely awkward.

He had directly sent out his final trump card in the first match, a disciple of the eighth rank of the profound void tier.

As for how this disciple of the eighth rank of the profound void tier had been promoted, only the higher-ups of his academy knew.

"That disciple of the gate nine academy is so strong. They actually sent out such a powerful disciple in the first match, and even heavily injured the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy and the Divine Fire Academy, almost killing him!"

"Didn't they say that the Dragon Gate Academy could easily crush the Gate 9 Academy? How can the students they sent out be so strong? They can almost rival some heaven's favorites!"

"You can't believe what's on the Internet. That school from the Gate 9 Academy is so strong. As expected of the son of God, the school founded by the son of God!"

In the surrounding audience stands, everyone looked at the students from the Gate 9 Academy in the center of the arena in shock.

Yesterday, there was a video on the internet that caused the reputation of the nine gates academy to be greatly damaged. However, today, the first match had just ended, and the nine Gates Academy had already displayed a terrifying crushing power.

This caused everyone to be incomparably shocked!

"The strength of an eighth level profound void martial artist!"

In the positions of the Dragon Gate Academy, the Fire God Academy, and the other two academies, the higher-ups of the several great academies frowned.

"Wow, the first match of today's grand competition of the five great academies has exceeded everyone's expectations. The Gate 9 Academy has displayed almost invincible strength!"

"The students of the Gate 9 Academy instantly killed the students of the other great academies. This is completely different from the ones on the Internet. Everyone, continue to lock onto this channel. The next match will be even more exciting!"

The television stations were broadcasting.

At the same time, the entire Internet was carrying out a live broadcast. At this moment, the number of viewers had reached more than one billion!

Seeing the first round of the competition end in less than a minute, everyone was shocked.

"I told you. How can the academy created by the descendants of the gods be weak!"

"The nine Gates Academy is really powerful. Look at the presidents of the other academies. Their expressions are all ugly. With the resources and background of the nine gates divine son, I reckon that the nine gates academy will become the leader of all the Academies!"

Before the live broadcast, some people were watching the situation of the competition and discussing it in low voices.

It was like this on the internet. If one was strong, there would be people praising them. If one was weak, then there would be ten thousand people who would lose!

"The gate nine divine son, Hua'er, and Cai'er, where are they now!"

Just as everyone was shocked by the gate nine Academy's powerful strength, and just as the gate nine divine son was proudly standing in front of his seat, a figure suddenly appeared in the middle of the peak of Mount Hua.

Everyone was slightly startled. Under the shock of some cameramen, the camera focused on the figure that had suddenly appeared.

The eyes of millions, the eyes of the world!