Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1916: In 1916, the Dragon King appeared out of nowhere

"Eh? What's going on? Who's that young man?"

"What's going on? Why is there a young man here all of a sudden? F * ck, why is there a young man suddenly appearing in the competition of the five major colleges? What's he doing here?"

The young man who suddenly appeared in the sky above the arena and stared at the ninth divine son of the sect made everyone slightly stunned.

When the group of cameramen from the television station and the staff of the live webcast saw this scene, they immediately aimed at the figure in the sky.

On the entire peak of Mount Hua, everyone was focused on the figure who had suddenly appeared.

"Master!"

When Xiao ran saw Wang Xian suddenly appearing and floating in the sky above the arena, his expression changed slightly. He stood up immediately.

"What's going on? Why is teacher questioning where the ninth son of God, Hua'er, and Cai'er are?"

Ji Lingfei's expression also changed slightly as she stood up and looked at the figure in the sky.

The students of Dragon Gate Academy were also looking at him in astonishment.

"Who is that?"

More people were looking at the figure who had suddenly appeared in puzzlement.

"Eh?"

Shenzi Menjiu was standing there when he suddenly saw a young man questioning him. He was slightly stunned.

When he saw the face of the young man from yesterday, he raised his eyebrows slightly!

"How do I know where the flowers and plants are? Why are you looking for someone to ask me?"

Shenzi menjiu said to Wang Xian with slight disdain.

Upon hearing the mysterious young man's question, he was rather happy.

Although his incompetent subordinates had not returned yet, he could guarantee that the two girls had indeed been taken away by his subordinates.

He just didn't know what had happened to them.

"Also..."

As Shenzi Menjiu spoke, he narrowed his eyes slightly. "This is the competition of our academy. All useless people, get lost immediately!"

"Scram immediately! Don't disturb the competition of our Academy!"

Just as the divine son of the ninth gate finished his words, the dean of the Fire God Academy, the Dean of the Sky Palm Academy, and the Dean of the Spirit Peak Academy stood up as well. They shouted at Wang Xian with slight impatience.

They were already in a bad mood when they saw the strength of the disciples of the Ninth Gate Academy.

Now that they saw someone disrupting their academy's competition, they immediately shouted!

"You don't Know? If they lose even a hair, I will destroy the entire faction of your pyramid!"

When Wang Xian heard his words, a hint of killing intent appeared on his expressionless face.

As for the other higher-ups of the academy, he didn't take them seriously!

As he spoke, he slowly extended his palm. A gray palm appeared and grabbed toward the son of deity men jiu!

"How dare you attack me? You're courting death!"

When the son of deity men jiu saw that Wang Xian was attacking him, his face instantly revealed a furious expression.

"You haven't ignited the divine fire yet, and you still dare to attack me? You even want to destroy our pyramid! hahaha!"

He roared and moved his palm. A pyramid formed from Earth attribute appeared and attacked the gray arm.

"F * ck! Who Is that young man? How dare he attack the ninth divine son of the gate? He is the son of a God! He is courting death!"

"What arrogance! He actually wants to destroy the pyramid faction? Who... who is he? Is he an expert from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

"He didn't ignite the Divine Fire? How dare he make an enemy out of the sect's ninth son of deity? He must be courting death!"

When everyone around heard Wang Xian's words and saw this scene, they were shocked.

A young man actually dared to attack the sect's ninth son of deity.

The tens of thousands of people around were dumbfounded.

"F * ck, 6666, it seems like this guy is going to die!"

"Which ruthless person from the loony bin dares to attack the son of God, the son of the god! Is he courting death?"

"Such a thing actually happened in the Five Great Academies'competition, Haha!"

On the live webcast and television, everyone watching was also dumbfounded.

Bullet screens quickly filled the screen.

Towards a person who dared to attack the son of the god, they were both shocked and full of ridicule.

A God's son could be attacked by just anyone?

If you didn't have a God as your backer, you were simply courting death!

"Eh? Why does this young man's figure feel somewhat familiar?"

However, some middle-aged and elderly people looked at the figure on the screen and felt that it was somewhat familiar.

Boom

At this moment, a loud sound came from the peak of Mount Hua.

The grayish palm landed on the golden pyramid that Shenzi Men Jiu had released. The pyramid formed by the Earth attribute instantly collapsed and disappeared.

It was as if the 1,000-meter-long pyramid did not appear.

The palm continued to attack Shenzi men jiu.

"What? He is indeed very strong!"

Shenzi men JIU's expression changed slightly. He knew that he was definitely not a match for this young man.

Furthermore, his two subordinates were nowhere to be seen. He could not withstand Wang Xian at all.

When he saw this scene, he stopped and stared at Wang Xian coldly. There was no fear on his face.

"Let me tell you, I don't care who you are. If you dare to hurt me, my mother will execute your entire family!"

Faced with the palm that was attacking him, the ninth divine son raised his head, his face filled with arrogance.

So what if he wasn't his match?

He dared to harm me?

Everyone around saw the ninth divine son's arrogant expression, and their hearts were filled with admiration.

This young man who had suddenly appeared was so powerful that it was beyond everyone's expectations, but the ninth divine son wasn't afraid at all!

Just as he had said, if he dared to touch even a hair on his head, he would have to wait for the wrath of the gods!

"Peng!"

However, at this moment, the dusky palm landed on Shenzi men's body. His entire body trembled.

Everything below his head instantly dissipated.

The dusky palm held onto his head, protecting his life force.

A demigod-level expert wouldn't die in such a situation!

At this moment, Shenzi Men Jiu was stunned. His face still carried the arrogance and disdain from before. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, at this moment, the shock slowly turned into shock!

His head slowly looked down, his eyes filled with shock!

"You actually dared to scatter my body. I want you to die, I want you to die!"

His face trembled violently as he roared with incomparable ferocity.

"This... this..."

Everyone was stunned when they saw this scene.

Looking at the one-headed Shenzi Menghui, everyone widened their eyes in shock!

He actually dared to destroy Shenzi Menghui's body directly!

"If you don't say it, I'll look at it myself!"

Wang Xian looked at his head and moved his palm.

His grayish palm grabbed his head directly.

"No, mother, save me. Kill him, kill him!"

At this moment, his eyes widened and an earthy yellow radiance bloomed from his glabella.

The grayish palm paused slightly and a human figure condensed in front of the son of God.

"Jiu'er!"

A graceful and elegant lady dressed in an elegant dress with a crown on her head appeared in the sky.

An extremely powerful aura filled the entire peak of Mount Hua.

When she saw her son, her expression changed slightly. She stared at Wang Xian with killing intent and dignity.

"Who are you? How dare you hurt my son!"

She stared at Wang Xian. The sky slowly turned yellowish and the color of the world began to change.

"Oh my God, that's the god of the pyramid. Oh My God, how terrifying!"

"This, this... that young man is doomed. He actually provoked the god!"

"That's not right. That's just a shadow of the god. It's a shadow that the ninth son of deity gave him to protect himself. His real body hasn't arrived yet!"

When everyone around saw the changes in the world and the arrival of the god of the pyramid, their expressions changed drastically!

"My Name Is Wang Xian. You can call me the Dragon King!"

Wang Xian replied word by word when he saw the apparition of the god gathered in front of the son of pantheon.