Chapter 1917: In 1917, the Dragon King fell from the heavens

"My Name Is Wang Xian. You Can Call Me Dragon King!"

When Wang Xian uttered these words with a calm expression, everyone was stunned.

Wang Xian?

Dragon King?

Who Was It?

Most of the people's minds were filled with these words!

"You hurt the son of Yamen. Regardless of whether you are the Dragon King or the insect king, you will die today!"

"A mortal who has not even ignited the divine fire. How dare you offend the son of God? Your crime is unforgivable!"

When the god of Yamen in the pyramid heard Wang Xian's words, her dignified gaze was filled with judgment. She waved her hand and a sword of judgment immediately condensed in the sky above Mount Hua, which was completely covered by the Earth elemental energy.

The earthy yellow sword of judgment directly pierced toward Wang Xian.

"Hehe, your son dared to order people to attack Hua Er Cai'er. I will make you pay the price and let you know who I am, Dragon King!"

Wang Xian looked at the sword of judgment that was attacking him from the sky and waved his arm.

Boom

A muffled sound was heard and the sharp sword dissipated instantly.

"This piece of sky is just a clone. Do you still want to cover it?"

Wang Xian looked at the earthy yellow energy that covered the entire sky above Mount Hua. A hint of coldness appeared on his face.

With a wave of his arm, the entire sky shook. An incomparably huge palm tore open and the earthy yellow energy disappeared completely.

"Hiss! That young man has such terrifying strength. I remember now, I remember now. Dragon King, it's the Dragon King!"

"The Dragon King from more than ten years ago, it's him. It's exactly the same as more than ten years ago. The Dragon King has actually returned!"

At this moment, when everyone saw Wang Xian breaking the judgement sword of Yamen's divine clone with one hand and tearing apart the earth elemental energy in the sky, some middle-aged elders suddenly thought of the name from more than ten years ago.

Dragon King!

More than ten years had passed. Many people were already unfamiliar with this name. However, when they thought of this name, waves of memories surged into their minds.

"How is this possible? It's really the Dragon King. He's not dead. He's still alive! He's still alive!"

"The Dragon King from more than ten years ago is still alive!"

An old man roared crazily in shock.

As he roared, more and more people started to call out this name.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

One by one, the middle-aged old men could not help but stand up, staring at the expressionless young man in the air.

"What's going on? is the Dragon King very famous?"

When at least half of the audience stood up, the youths were slightly dumbfounded and stunned.

Since when did such a person exist on earth?

"May I ask, who is the Dragon King? How come I've never heard of Him?"

"Same question, who is the Dragon King? From the reactions of many people on the summit of Mount Hua, it seems that the Dragon King is very powerful, but how come I've never heard of Him? However, he can defeat the attack of the divine clone, so he shouldn't be weak either!"

"So what if he is not weak? The god of the pyramid said that he is just a person who has not ignited the divine fire. This person is definitely a pill that dares to fight against the gods. He is seeking his own death!"

"What do you bunch of little brats know? This is the Dragon King, the once invincible Dragon King!"

"The Dragon King who suppressed an entire generation. I did not expect that the Dragon King is still alive. Oh My God!"

At this moment, on the Internet and on the radio, more than a billion people were watching the academy competition.

The sudden accident surprised many people, but at the same time, it also filled them with interest.

When everyone saw the young man who called himself the Dragon King defeat the avatar of God, everyone was slightly shocked.

They were filled with curiosity about the name of the Dragon King.

However, very quickly, there were many bullet comments about the Dragon King on the live broadcast!

This caused the faces of all the young people to be filled with astonishment.

When they saw the words 'suppress an era, Invincible Dragon King', they were also slightly surprised!

"What suppress an era, what Invincible Dragon King? Today, he provoked a god. He's dead!"

"That's right. He provoked our pyramid's Yamen God and injured our sect's nine divine sons. This so-called Dragon King must be judged!"

However, although there were many people who were bombarded with bullet messages saying that the Dragon King was invincible, the disciples of the pyramid faction, as well as those disciples who had descended with the gods, scoffed.

What Dragon King?

Now that he had angered a god, the consequences could already be imagined!

Faced with the ridicule and disdain of the young generation and the disciples of the four forces, the middle-aged elders on earth had a slightly complicated expression on their faces. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

They didn't expect that the Dragon King was still alive, but this was the era of the gods.

Just now, the pyramid God said that the Dragon King hadn't lit the divine fire yet, so would the once invincible Dragon King be a match for the gods?

They did not dare to guarantee, because this was no longer the era of the Dragon King.

This caused a complicated expression to appear on their faces, and their eyes were fixed on the live stream.

"Master!"

Xiao ran watched from the side, and a worried expression appeared on her face.

"Don't worry, Xiao ran. Your master is stronger than you think!"

Ji Lingfei's eyes were shining.

Xiao ran's master back then had given her a great shock.

Afterwards, she had looked up some information about the Dragon King, and the results had caused her to be slightly shocked.

He had never thought that a young man from Earth would be able to reach such a level.

Suppressing an era, suppressing the entire earth.

"Oh? You, a mortal who didn't ignite the divine fire, actually have such strength?"

Yamen's divine clone looked in astonishment at the earth-type energy that had completely dissipated in the sky, and his eyes sparkled!

"Mother, kill him, kill him!"

At this moment, the head of the son of deity Menjiu, who was at the side, roared with a ferocious expression.

"Jiu'er, don't worry. Mother will help you kill him!"

The avatar of Yamen God looked at his son. His face was filled with heartache again!

"A mortal. An ant dares to offend the son of deity. Die!"

The avatar of Yamen God shouted in a low voice. With a wave of his arm, the Earth elemental energy condensed into a shroud and attacked Wang Xian once again.

Buzz

Wang Xian stretched out his claw and grabbed at the void in front of him.

The grayish dragon claw condensed directly and penetrated the shroud formed by the Earth attribute in an instant.

"What?"

Seeing that his attack was easily destroyed again, the expression of the yamen deity's avatar finally changed drastically.

"Today, even God can't protect you!"

Wang Xian stared at the ninth son of deity and said coldly.

Boom

The Dragon Claw arrived in front of the avatar of Yamen and penetrated her body directly under her astonished gaze.

It was too fast!

"AH, if you dare to kill my son, I, Yamen, will definitely chase you to the ends of the Earth and kill all your family and friends!"

As her identity dissipated, a stern shout came out from Yamen's mouth.

Wang Xian's expression turned cold when he heard her voice. He waved his arm and the head of Man Jiu continued to fly towards him.

"No, no, don't You Dare Touch Me! Don't you dare!"

Men Jiu roared in horror as he watched himself fly towards the Dragon King!