Chapter 1918: In 1918, the Dragon King fell from heaven and earth

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Buzz!"

In the sky above the peak of Mount Hua, the divine son of Men Jiu screamed miserably. The avatar of the Yamen God was defeated. Everyone was extremely shocked.

Everyone, including those who were watching the live broadcast on the television network, watched this scene in shock.

Wang Xian waved his hand and grabbed the head of the divine son of men jiu. He looked at him coldly!

"Let me go. If you dare to kill me, my mother will not let you off!"

Looking at Wang Xian's cold and indifferent gaze up close, the divine son of Men Jiu's face was filled with shock and fear.

Furthermore, he was still shouting at Wang Xian sternly.

He was the son of God. He did not believe that the so-called Dragon King in front of him would dare to kill him!

"This... This Dragon King has such terrifying strength. Even if it is a clone of the god, it should at least have the strength of a level nine demigod. This Dragon King can actually destroy him so easily!"

"This Dragon King's strength should have already reached the peak of the demigod realm. He's simply too strong!"

In the audience stands around the arena on the peak of Mount Hua, everyone looked at this scene with faces full of shock as they muttered.

"This Dragon King is so fierce. He's at least at the peak of the demigod realm. He's a peerless expert!"

"Do you think this Dragon King Dares to kill the ninth divine son? I don't think he dares. Once he kills him, he'll have a complete falling out with a God!"

All kinds of bullet messages appeared on the live streaming platform on the Internet.

At this moment, more than one billion people were watching. Everyone was shocked. Some people watched as the Dragon King held the ninth divine son's head and discussed among themselves.

Many people thought that the Dragon King wouldn't dare to kill the ninth divine son. After all, he was the son of a god. Killing him was equivalent to making an enemy of a god.

Who could withstand the anger of a god?

"That ninth divine son is going to die!"

"With the Dragon King's character, he is almost 100% sure that the ninth divine son will be killed!"

However, many middle-aged elders had already sentenced the ninth divine son to death in their hearts when they saw this scene.

The former Dragon King had no taboos even before he rose to power. Anyone who provoked him would not have a good ending.

The situation today was obviously caused by the ninth divine son of the sect secretly dealing with the Dragon King's family, which had thoroughly angered him.

They still remembered that back then, because someone had hurt the Dragon King's family, half of the entire jianghu had been massacred.

How terrifying was this?

"The ninth divine son of the sect is going to die? That's impossible, right? I think that Dragon King is going to die in the future!"

Some of the younger generation commented when they saw these comments.

"Even your mother can't Save Your Life!"

In the middle of the arena, Wang Xian had a look of disdain on his face when he heard the ninth son of Deity's threat.

There was a strange glint in his eyes.

"Soul capture!"

Wang Xian shouted softly.

"What are you doing?"

The ninth son of deity had a bad feeling when he saw Wang Xian's strange pupils. He shouted loudly.

Buzz

After he finished speaking, he stopped abruptly. His face was filled with shock.

Wang Xian slowly closed his eyes and read the memories of the son of deity men jiu.

"Damn it!"

When Wang Xian opened his eyes again, his eyes were filled with intense killing intent.

He could see everything that the son of deity men jiu had done clearly.

This made him feel a wave of violence in his heart.

Hua Er Cai'er's disappearance was indeed related to him. As for whether they were safe or not, even he didn't know.

"All of you deserve to die!"

Wang Xian waved his furious palm and the head of the son of deity disappeared into thin air.

At the same time, he waved his palm once again towards the entrance of the school.

A Gray River appeared and swept towards all the students of the school.

"What? He actually killed the son of deity!"

"Not good, not good. He actually attacked us!"

At this moment, when all the students of the men's nine Academy saw their principal's head being destroyed, they were all shocked.

However, when the grey energy of destruction attacked them, all the students of the men's nine Academy revealed fear on their faces.

Some of them hurriedly fled into the distance. However, how could they possibly Dodge Wang Xian's attack.

"Ah Ah Ah, no, no, no!"

The grayish invisible destructive energy swept past them and they disappeared instantly. They turned into dust and didn't even leave behind a corpse.

The short and rapid screams only lasted for a few seconds before they disappeared completely.

The gate nine Academy's position seemed to have been erased by this world, leaving no trace behind.

"Hiss!"

Seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air, their faces filled with shock.

"This... this..."

Everyone around the peak of Mount Hua watched this scene in shock.

They stared blankly at the Dragon King in the middle, and couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

"As expected!"

Some of the middle-aged elders in front of the live broadcast did not have any expression on their faces when they saw this scene.

This was the Dragon King in their hearts!

"Dragon King, I'm going to exterminate your nine clans!"

At this moment, in the pyramid that was located more than 10,000 kilometers away, yamen had already flown out of the pyramid when his clone was broken and teleported towards Mount Hua.

However, before he could teleport, he sensed that his son's aura had completely disappeared.

This caused her body to freeze, and a furious and savage expression appeared on her face.

A furious roar resounded throughout the entire planet.

Everyone in the world could hear it clearly!

"Weng!"

Her figure moved, carrying a terrifying murderous aura as she teleported towards Mount Hua.

Under her feet, the pyramid of the divine kingdom slowly formed.

The God was completely enraged, causing the entire world to tremble.

An earthen yellow mark streaked across the sky over 10,000 kilometers!

When everyone saw this scene, they all raised their heads and were dumbstruck.

"The true body of the Yamen God is here. This god is completely enraged!"

"That Dragon King acted in a somewhat arrogant manner. He killed the son of the god and even directly wiped out the nine Gates Academy. This is too cruel!"

"The god has made a move. That Dragon King is completely finished!"

The entire world could sense the anger of the god of the pyramid.

Whether it was on the live broadcast platform or in the audience stands at the peak of Mount Hua, everyone stood there in a daze.

Gate Nine Academy, one of the three academies, was directly wiped out by the Dragon King. This was one of the top twenty powers in the world!

The descendants of the gods were destroyed!

The name of the Dragon King was remembered by everyone in the world once again.

"Killing all of you isn't enough to vent my anger. Yamen? He's just a god who ignited a wisp of divine fire!"

Wang Xian raised his head slowly and looked towards the west. His eyes were still filled with anger and killing intent.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the sky in the west, a series of explosions could be heard.

"The god of Yamen is here. The God of the pyramid is here!"

The Sky in the west was like a sandstorm that blotted out the Sun. It covered an area of more than 100 kilometers.

In the middle of the Sandstorm, a god that was filled with killing intent was standing on the pyramid!