Chapter 1919: 1919 on the Godslayer

A world of yellow sand was formed.

An incomparably huge pyramid stood in the center of this world.

The pyramid was ten thousand meters tall and emitted an earthen yellow divine light.

In the sky above the pyramid, a woman emitting divine light stood at the top.

She had a fiery figure and held a cloth in her hand. This was the weapon of the pyramid gods, the shroud.

At this moment, the Yamen God's body was filled with rage and killing intent.

Behind him, the yellow sand condensed into three tornadoes, emitting a terrifying pressure.

This was the power of a God!

This scene shocked everyone. Even the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the other factions noticed the commotion.

The gods looked over, their eyes filled with shock.

"How terrifying!"

"When will I be able to become a god? If I don't become a god, I will still be an ant. In front of a god, we are as weak as ants!"

Everyone looked at the Yamen God who had brought an entire world with him. Their faces were filled with awe.

"You actually dared to kill my son. How would a mortal like you dare? I will suppress you in the pyramid. I will refine you and your family into mummies!"

The God of yamen stared at Wang Xian from afar and roared sternly.

As she roared, the yellow sand around her could feel her anger boiling like boiling water!

Clumps of yellow sand began to condense. A human-shaped monster formed and pounced towards Wang Xian.

The terrifying aura and the scene that blotted out the sky caused everyone within a hundred-kilometer radius to tremble.

"Oh my God, is this the result of angering a God?"

"This... This is something that the Dragon King can withstand? This is not something that a human can withstand!"

At this moment, when God yamen was suppressing the entire space, the group of middle-aged elders in front of the live broadcast could feel this suffocating and invincible aura even though they were separated by the screen.

Their Hearts were somewhat shaken. In front of this power, could the dragon king withstand it!

Dragon King, he had yet to become a god!

"Suppress me? Haha!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the Yamen God who was trying to judge him from above. A violent expression appeared on his face.

"Your son has ordered people to harm my people. Even if you don't come looking for me, I will go and kill you!"

He laughed maniacally. The Aura on his body began to rise. An invincible force gathered as he stared coldly at Yamen.

Wang Xian opened his mouth slightly and the five elemental millstone flew out slowly and enlarged.

"Roar!"

The humanoid monster formed from yellow sand let out a violent roar!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The five elemental millstone turned into a hundred meters in size and crashed into it directly, crushing it.

"Buzz!"

After the five elemental millstone crushed the humanoid creature formed from yellow sand, it flew to the sky above Wang Xian and enlarged again instantly.

The Five Elements Millstone, which was 50 kilometers long, covered the entire sky.

The entire sky above Mount Hua was completely covered. The entire world instantly turned dark!

Buzz

Wang Xian stared at the Yaman God with a cold expression.

He waved his hands gently.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Five Elements Divine Dragons roared from the top of the Five Elements Millstone.

The incomparably large five elements millstone spun, emitting an aura of destruction as it directly attacked the Yamen God!

"What?"

The yamen God felt the terrifying pressure coming from the five elements millstone, and her expression instantly changed.

Her face, which was filled with judgement and anger, revealed a grave expression.

"Golden Spear!"

She shouted angrily and waved her hand. The earthy yellow energy in a hundred-kilometer radius instantly condensed into a long spear that was more than ten kilometers long.

The long spear seemed to be able to shoot down the Sun in the sky and directly collided with the Five Elements Millstone.

"My God, what's the situation now? The strength of the Dragon King, this..."

"Is... is he competing with the gods? The Dragon King is a native of earth, but he can actually compete with the gods of the Pyramids!"

"Some people say that the gods are the rulers, and those favored sons of Heaven are the main characters. Now... What is the Dragon King? This... is fighting against the gods!"

At this moment, when everyone saw the Dragon King fighting against the gods, everyone on Earth was in an uproar.

The Dragon King was a person from Earth, but he actually had the strength to fight against the descending gods?

On Earth, were there really people who could fight against the gods?

"Weng!"

The sound of the golden spear colliding with the five elements millstone rang out. The yellow sand that filled the sky trembled and actually fell down bit by bit.

The Golden Spear began to crumble and the five elements millstone continued to press down on yamen.

"How is this possible? You're just a mortal. You clearly didn't ignite the divine fire. How can you be so strong?"

A shocked voice came out from Yamen's mouth. She widened her eyes and stared at the gigantic five elements millstone.

Especially the five divine dragons above the five elements millstone. They were emitting energy that made her heart palpitate.

"Obliteration, river of time!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements millstone spun. A river appeared out of thin air and flowed towards the western horizon.

In the Gray River of annihilation, there were many cyan swordfish.

This was the weapon in the sharp sword treasure box that Tian Feng's Heaven's pride had absorbed in the Five Elements Millstone.

The level of that treasure was close to the godly state. After being absorbed by the Five Elements Millstone, it could be released now.

The difference was that the sharp swords had transformed into the swordfish in the river of annihilation!

Even if she could withstand the river of time, she would probably die in the mouth of the swordfish.

When the river of time appeared, everyone below could see a Gray River appearing in the sky.

The river of time was more than 100 kilometers long and more than 10 kilometers wide, and there were ferocious green swordfish swimming in it!

This...

"The Dragon King is definitely not a mortal. This kind of attack can only be unleashed by a godly state expert, definitely!"

"Dragon King, who is it!"

Everyone below was trembling. Regardless of whether it was in terms of power or range, the Dragon King's attack was not inferior to yamen God's.

In fact, from the very beginning, the Dragon King had suppressed Yamen God!

"The Shroud of God will bury all gods!"

Yamen's pupils constricted slightly when she saw the long river sweeping towards her.

She waved the shroud in her hand and it turned into a khaki-colored cloth that was dozens of kilometers long.

The cloth was filled with an aura of death.

"Crash!"

When the Shroud of God collided with the river of time, it produced a sound like a torrent.

A white strip that was dozens of kilometers long was churning in the river that was hundreds of kilometers long. This scene was shocking!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, the green swordfish in the river suddenly leaped up and pierced through the god's shroud.

Their incomparably sharp swords pierced through the shroud.

However, the place where the shroud had been pierced through recovered at a terrifying speed! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This was a divine weapon, a true divine weapon!