Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1920: 1920 god Slayer

Yamen God, one of the six great gods of the pyramid.

For a woman to be able to become a god, not only did she possess great talent, but she also had a powerful background!

The shroud in her hand was a precious treasure given to her by her fallen husband.

A divine artifact!

Even the weakest divine artifact was able to fight against a god who had ignited a wisp of divine fire.

If a God had a powerful divine artifact, as long as the difference in the divine kingdom wasn't too great, he could even fight against two experts of the same level.

Divine artifacts possessed intelligence, just like the star grass of a flower. A God with a wisp of divine fire could be killed by the star grass if he wasn't careful.

While divine artifacts possessed powerful offensive power, they also possessed powerful recovery abilities.

It was no different from a real god

"Hua la la!"

The shroud stirred the five elements millstone and released the river of time, and the power of the destruction of the five elements quickly disappeared.

"That is a divine weapon, the divine weapon of Yamen God. The divine weapon is extremely powerful and has a powerful spiritual intelligence. Not everyone can get it!"

"A god, other than a powerful divine kingdom, has a divine weapon as his strongest trump card. With a divine weapon, he can easily defeat experts of the same realm!"

At this moment, in the audience stands below the peak of Mount Hua, and in front of the live broadcast, everyone looked at the vast shroud and the river of time with shock on their faces.

They almost knelt down to watch the battle.

With a casual strike, the shroud covered an area of a kilometer. If the two of them hadn't flown tens of thousands of meters into the sky, perhaps the entire Mount Hua would have been turned into ashes!

At the same time, the power of the shroud made everyone look surprised.

"Yamen's realm is not high, but she has a divine weapon. In the divine realm of a wisp of divine fire, she can be considered a powerhouse!"

At this moment, the Battle of the divine realm attracted the attention of all the gods of the four major forces.

The Gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, who were the closest, looked at the battle and a figure said.

"That Dragon King is very strange. He clearly didn't ignite the divine fire, but he can have the combat power of a God and fight above his level?"

"That huge millstone is not simple. It's a divine weapon. I really didn't expect him to have a divine weapon. Even I am a little tempted!"

"So what if he is tempted? A divine weapon will choose its owner. With your strength, you still can't suppress this divine weapon. This big millstone is not simple!"

"Hehe, there's already an existence on earth that's comparable to a god. Before long, there might be more and more. Even we have to be careful!"

In the sky above the Lingxiao treasured palace, figures were talking.

"Do you guys think that this Dragon King is Yamen's match?"

"Probably not. After all, he didn't ignite the divine fire. He relied on the divine weapon to have such strength. If he gets close to yamen, he'll die a terrible death!"

The two gods from the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace expressed their opinions.

"Divine weapon?"

Wang Xian looked at the shroud with a glimmer in his eyes.

The five elements millstone couldn't keep up with his current speed. Even so, the five Dragon Balls on the five elements Millstone had already reached the godly state.

The entire five elements millstone could rival the weakest five divine weapons.

This shroud was not a very strong divine weapon!

"I have to say that you have exceeded my expectations. You actually have a divine weapon!"

"However, even if you have a divine weapon, I will still refine you into a mummy and let you enjoy the pain of millions of years!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Kill My Yamen's son. I will make you suffer so much that you wish you were dead!"

Yamen stared at Wang Xian and roared furiously.

Her son was killed and she was burning with rage!

"Oh? The millstone of the Dragon King is actually a divine weapon? No wonder he can fight against the gods!"

"Is a divine weapon that awesome? He can actually fight against the gods? He wants me to have a divine weapon as well!"

When everyone heard Yamen's words, they were also astonished.

They had a slight understanding of the fact that the Dragon King could fight against the gods without igniting the divine fire.

Whoosh

At this moment, the shroud was like a huge wave. It emitted the burying power of the earth and attacked the five elements millstone directly.

"Hehe, you are only slightly stronger than the Sea God!"

Wang Xian looked at the shroud that was sweeping over and snorted coldly.

"Five elements Millstone, suppress!"

He shouted in a low voice. The Five Elements Millstone spun and the energy that was extinguished filled the surroundings. The entire millstone attacked the shroud like a chainsaw.

At the same time, Wang Xian's figure moved and attacked the yamen deity directly.

"How dare you attack me!"

Yamen stared at Wang Xian's figure with a murderous gaze. Her face was filled with hostility!

"Go to hell!"

She waved her arm and soil spikes appeared in front of her palm. These soil spikes numbered in the thousands and covered an area of dozens of kilometers.

Countless earth spikes attacked Wang Xian directly.

Upon seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air again.

It was so terrifying!

"This dragon king rushing over is a little irrational!"

When the gods who were paying attention saw this scene, they shook their heads lightly. A mortal who did not ignite the divine fire was courting death by getting close to him without a divine weapon.

Buzz

However, under everyone's shocked gaze, Wang Xian extended his right hand.

His entire right palm instantly enlarged and became tens of kilometers in circumference.

Bam

The Dragon Claw that was tens of kilometers in circumference was covered with craggy dragon scales. It looked indestructible.

When the Dragon Claw grabbed onto the gigantic earth spike, the earth spike immediately collapsed.

"How is this possible?"

Yamen looked at the gigantic dragon claw and his expression changed drastically. He was filled with astonishment.

The gods who were watching from all directions were also filled with astonishment.

"This claw!"

The gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with astonishment.

"It's just a god with a wisp of divine fire. Die!"

Wang Xian stared at the Yamen God. His eyes were filled with coldness.

"No, you're just a mortal. How can you possess such a terrifying physical body? !"

The God of Yamen roared in disbelief.

She tapped her feet lightly and the divine kingdom beneath her attacked Wang Xian directly.

Around the dragon country, mummies wrapped in shrouds appeared one after another. There were tens of thousands of them.

Each of the mummies was exuding immense strength.

They were connected to the pyramids. Among the mummies, there were dozens of gigantic creatures wrapped in shrouds.

The strength of the gods from the pyramid faction and their divine kingdom was related to these mummies.

The more and stronger the mummies were, the stronger their divine kingdom would be!

Boom

The pyramids brought tens of thousands of powerful mummies to meet Wang Xian's sharp claws.

However, when the Dragon Claw collided with the pyramid, the entire pyramid was grabbed by the Dragon Claw!

"Earth attribute divine kingdom, perfect!"