Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1921: 1921 god Slayer

"Earth attribute divine kingdom, perfect!"

When Wang Xian's Dragon Claw grabbed hold of the divine kingdom, he commented lightly.

Now, the upgrade of the Dragon Palace required a divine kingdom with nine attributes. Now that the darkness, fire and metal attributes had been gathered, adding this earth attribute, there were only five more to go!

"Boom!"

When Wang Xian's Dragon Claw grabbed hold of the divine kingdom, the entire divine kingdom trembled. As for the mummies around the divine kingdom, they died immediately.

Even if they didn't die, there weren't any marks on the Dragon Claw.

Now, Wang Xian's strength was comparable to a god with three wisps of divine fire. If he didn't want to test the strength of the Five Elements Millstone today, he could have instantly killed yamen!

"What? No..."

Yamen looked at his kingdom of God being grabbed. His body trembled violently and a hint of fear appeared in his eyes!

"How is this possible? He used that terrifying claw to grab the Divine Kingdom of the gods!"

"Oh my God, is the Dragon King going against the Heavens?"

Everyone's eyes widened when they saw this scene. They were filled with disbelief.

The gods who were paying attention to this scene were also in shock.

"Retract!"

Wang Xian grabbed with his dragon claw and the entire divine kingdom began to transform.

Screams of pain came from within the divine kingdom. The mummies and Yamen's subordinates inside the divine kingdom let out desperate screams.

In the middle of Wang Xian's Dragon Claw, the shadow of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom appeared and slowly swallowed the entire pyramid!

"Hualala!"

After the pyramid was absorbed by the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom, a large amount of blood slowly flowed out from the nine heads of the nine dragons in the dragon transformation pool at the location of the Dragon Palace.

All the resources in the divine kingdom were channeled into the Dragon Palace.

"Ah!"

The moment the divine kingdom was destroyed, the yamen God revealed a pained and shocked expression.

The divine kingdom was an extremely important part of a god.

Without the support of the divine kingdom, one couldn't be called a god. He was the source of power for a god.

If the divine kingdom was destroyed, the combat strength of this god would be reduced by half or even more.

"Go Down and see your son!"

Wang Xian revealed a cold expression on his face. He moved his body and attacked her.

"No, Sike, save me!"

Yamen's face revealed a look of panic. He immediately cried out to the other gods in the pyramid for help.

"Oh No!"

Thousands of kilometers away, the gods in the pyramid who were watching the battle indifferently had a slight change of expression when they saw this scene.

They had thought that yamen could easily kill a mortal who had not ignited the divine fire.

They did not even have the slightest bit of worry when they saw the other party's divine weapon.

However, in just an instant, Yamen's divine kingdom was destroyed and even fell into danger.

"Dragon King, Stop!"

A God of the Pyramid faction roared and came from thousands of kilometers away, teleporting over.

"What is the Dragon King doing? Is He killing Gods?"

"This... The gods from the pyramid faction are here!"

Before the live broadcast, when everyone at the summit of Mount Hua looked at the extremely powerful Dragon King and heard the voice of another god from the pyramid, they opened their mouths slightly!

The strength displayed by the Dragon King shocked all of them.

"Die!"

It was as if Wang Xian didn't hear that voice. The yamen god that was locked onto by the Dragon Claw was clawing at her. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Her divine kingdom was forced. Her face turned pale after being severely injured. She quickly dodged to the side.

However, at this moment, their speed had already decreased by more than half.

In the face of an attack from Wang Xian that was comparable to three wisps of divine fire god, they were completely defenseless.

Crack! Crack

The Dragon Claw covered yamen. She looked at the destructive aura coming from the gigantic Dragon Claw and her face was filled with unwillingness and despair!

"No!"

The last sound was heard and the Dragon Claw was closed!

Boom

At this moment, a torrent was charging toward Wang Xian from the west.

Above the torrent stood a majestic middle-aged man!

Another god from the pyramid had arrived!

"Stop!"

The middle-aged man roared furiously as the torrent charged toward Wang Xian.

Boom

Wang Xian waved his dragon claw and a stream of destructive energy charged toward him.

The two streams of terrifying energy collided in the air and dissipated slowly.

He looked at the middle-aged man coldly and absorbed Yamen's corpse into the Dragon Palace.

Boom

The moment Yamen's corpse was absorbed, the entire world trembled.

The world was wailing!

"You... you actually killed Yamen!"

The middle-aged man glared at Wang Xian with murderous intent and growled in a low voice.

"So what if I killed him?"

Wang Xian floated in the sky and stared at the god in the pyramid expressionlessly!

Crash

At this moment, the shroud let out a mournful cry when it saw its master being killed in the sky.

Without the support of the yamen divine kingdom, the strength of the shroud had been reduced by a lot!

"Buzz!"

The five elements millstone spun and gray chains wrapped around the shroud and slowly pressed down on it.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, majestic figures flew over from the western horizon.

Two figures were enveloped by earthy yellow energy.

Waves of powerful aura locked onto Wang Xian.

The five gods of the pyramid had arrived!

"Hiss! The Dragon King has killed a god!"

"All the gods of the pyramid faction have arrived. Oh My God, are they going to besiege the Dragon King?"

"If the other five gods of the pyramid attack the Dragon King, the Dragon King will probably die as well!"

"Look, the Dragon King is so calm. Even when facing the five gods of the pyramid faction, his expression doesn't change at all!"

At this moment, when God Yamen was killed by the Dragon King and when all the gods of the pyramid arrived, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air!

They looked at the incomparably powerful Dragon King, and their hearts were incomparably shocked.

Even when facing five gods, he still said, "So what if I kill him?"?

One person facing five gods, not moving at all!

"So strong, he actually killed yamen so forcefully. His strength should be comparable to two wisps of divine fire gods. This... A mortal who hasn't ignited divine fire, how can he be so strong!"

"Could it be that he has some kind of bloodline or a strong physique?"

When all the gods who were watching the scene saw this scene, they were also shocked in their hearts!

In the sky above the peak of Mount Hua, the atmosphere instantly became heavy.

The mournful cries of heaven and earth continued to reverberate in the surrounding area for tens of thousands of miles. The five gods from the pyramid faction stared at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked at them indifferently. Among the five gods, the strongest one ignited three wisps of divine fire.

He wasn't afraid at all!

In fact, with the strength of the Dragon Palace, he could even destroy the five gods of the pyramid!

"Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon's roar was heard from the north.

"Hahaha, Dragon Soul, Dragon Soul!"

A maniacal laughter was heard, causing the solemn atmosphere to be slightly stunned.

In the north, the shadow of a dragon soul shot straight into the sky. In the middle of the Dragon Soul stood a young man who exuded darkness and Evil!

"Eh? Dragon Soul?"

The five pyramid gods were attracted by the Dragon Soul, and their eyes were burning!

"I'll kill him in the future!"

A middle-aged figure trembled and charged towards the dragon soul.

The eyes of the other pyramid gods flickered as they flew towards the Dragon Soul.

Compared to taking revenge for Yamen, who they didn't have a deep relationship with, the Dragon Soul was more important in their hearts.

Furthermore, the Dragon King's strength should be comparable to a god with two wisps of divine fire, and he also had a divine weapon. It would not be so easy to kill him!

As for avenging yamen, they would talk about it when there was a chance!