Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1922: 1922 Dragon King, son of Heaven of the true dragon? Go

"Dragon Soul!"

In the sky above the peak of Mount Hua, everyone was stunned when they saw the five gods of the pyramid leave and teleport towards the location of the Dragon Soul!

"They left just like that. They actually didn't take revenge for that Yamen God!"

"The Dragon King's strength isn't weak to begin with, and he even has a divine weapon. Perhaps they don't want to fight to the death. If one of them is taken away, or if they are heavily injured, it's not worth it at all!"

Seeing the five gods leave, everyone turned to look at the figure floating in the sky.

The once invincible Dragon King was now the Godslayer Dragon King.

After today, the Dragon King's fame would shake the entire world. In fact, the Dragon King could even be compared to those top gods.

"Oh? The Dragon Soul actually appeared, and it seems to have been obtained by someone!"

"The pyramid's factions really aren't united. Their comrades died, yet they still don't help take revenge, Hehe!"

"Aren't the pyramid's factions like this to begin with? Each fighting for their own to form a tribe of gods. Speaking of which, we are all like this!"

In the sky above the Lingxiao treasured palace, a few figures were conversing. One of the women smiled faintly and coldly.

When her voice fell, the other figures did not say a word. The topic of conversation was immediately terminated.

The people who had transmigrated to this place were all here for a great opportunity. Although they all belonged to the skyscraping treasured palace, they were not as united as they had imagined.

Especially a few years ago, when the various large God countries were born, they had a huge dispute over the treasures within. If it were not for the people above them restraining them, they might have already started fighting!

"Everyone, I'm going down to take a look. Maybe I can obtain the Dragon Soul!"

An old man said indifferently and his figure disappeared instantly.

The other few figures followed closely behind and disappeared instantly.

"Hehe!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was standing in the sky above the Divine Mountain Hua Mountain, swept a cold glance at the five gods who had left the pyramid.

Wang Xian didn't have the slightest fear towards the five gods.

If he was not afraid that the entire earth would be in great danger if they really started fighting, Wang Xian might have called Ao Xingmu, AO qitian, and the rest over.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they could still destroy the power of the gods, the pyramid. They could also obtain huge resources for the Dragon Palace and nurture a few gods.

However, Wang Xian gave it some thought and decided to give up.

The current strength of the Dragon Palace was not enough to completely crush the pyramid. If they were to fight, even if they could not destroy the current earth, at least half of the Earth would be destroyed.

After all, the Earth was his home. He could not destroy the earth just because of the resources!

"Kill me in the future? In the future, it is not certain who will be destroyed!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he scanned his surroundings indifferently. With a move, he disappeared.

His figure appeared above the city that was 100 kilometers away. He took out the god-striking twigs and quietly sensed the figures and auras of the two little girls.

He wouldn't be satisfied if he didn't search the entire area. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

If there were no figures of the two little girls within a radius of 1,000 kilometers, there was only one possibility. The memories of the two little girls had completely awakened.

It was possible that they had something to do!

Wang Xian comforted himself like this!

"Phew, they've left. They've all left. That Dragon King is really terrifying and strong!"

"I found some information about the Dragon King on the Internet. I asked my father and the rest, and he said that all of these were true. F * ck, the Dragon King once suppressed the entire era!"

"He's indeed stronger. I just heard from my grandfather that the Dragon King is simply heaven-defying. He's too awesome!"

"Oh right, do you remember when the gods descended, the Sea King once said something about the Dragon King? He was just an ant. However, he destroyed the Dragon King's Dragon Palace. Now, the sea god was killed half a year ago. It's terrifying to think about it!"

"Even the five gods of the pyramid are slightly afraid of the Dragon King. This is too heaven-defying. Do you think that the sea god was killed by the Dragon King?"

"There is an 80% chance that the sea god is also a god who lit a wisp of divine fire. He is no match for the Dragon King at all!"

When the five gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace left and when Wang Xian left, the entire world was in an uproar.

This battle between the gods was recorded completely. It even erupted under the attention of more than a billion people.

The Dragon King's strength and invincibility shocked many people.

Especially the disciples of the four major forces. They knew how powerful the gods were, and even how difficult it was to break through to become a god.

However, a native of Earth actually broke through to become a god!

It was hard to imagine!

And those young people who learned about the Dragon King's deeds from their elders were all dumbfounded!

The Dragon King had shocked the entire world!

"I didn't expect master to be so powerful!"

Xiao ran's eyes were filled with shock as he watched his master disappear.

"Perhaps, he's even stronger than you think!"

Ji Lingfei thought of Ao Xingmu, AO qitian, and Ao Jian in the villa in River City, and her eyes sparkled.

She didn't understand how a native of Earth could have such terrifying strength and subordinates!

"Haha, the Dragon Soul Belongs to me. You Bunch of trash are dreaming if you want to take it away from me!"

While the entire world was shocked by the appearance of the Dragon King and the killing of the gods, the nine dragons were the closest to Mount Hua.

"Roar!"A youth whose entire body was shrouded in darkness roared with a ferocious and excited face.

The entire dragon soul was dyed by the darkness on his body.

He stared at the five figures in front of him. There was not the slightest bit of worry or fear on his face. Instead, it was filled with unbridled arrogance.

He even directly called them trash!

"HMM?"

When the five gods of the pyramid faction heard this young man's address, their expressions instantly darkened. Waves of killing intent gathered on their bodies.

"HMPH, a god who once died has yet to completely recover his strength. How dare he be so arrogant? Go To Hell!"

A God's eyes were filled with killing intent. With a wave of his arm, a cage that was ten kilometers wide appeared around the young man, sealing him completely!

"Keke Keke, do you know what it means to be a dragon whose head is nowhere to be seen? I am the son of the true dragon. I will remember you. The next time I meet you, I will personally kill you!"

The young man who was emitting a bloody and terrifying aura roared. The Dragon Soul entered his body and disappeared!

"Oh?"

The instant the young man disappeared, the expressions of the five gods from the pyramid became ugly.

The Lingxiao Treasure Hall God who was rushing over also had a dark expression. His eyes were shining as he stopped!

"Even the eternal God Lord fell on this planet. More and more of the fallen gods have obtained a chance to survive. Even we have to be careful of their methods!"

"That young man just now is somewhat like the enemy of humanity in that great battle!"