Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1923: 1923 Dragon King, the son of Heaven of the true dragon

"Earth is becoming more and more unsafe!"

In the sky, the gods in the Lingxiao Palace looked at the disappearing dragon soul and the young figure with complicated expressions.

There were already natives on Earth who had killed gods, and the gods who had fallen had been resurrected because of all sorts of great opportunities.

Some of those gods who had fallen back then might have the strength of an eternal God Lord.

Once such existences awakened their memories, their cultivation speed would be extremely terrifying.

In fact, when they ignited a wisp of divine fire, they would be able to kill those of a higher level.

There was also that person who had obtained the great opportunity to obtain the Dragon Soul!

The Divine Dragon had been a peak existence in the entire universe since ancient times. Even if it wasn't a pure divine dragon bloodline, it was still incomparably terrifying.

The revived ancient gods and the true dragon's son of heaven.

The gods that had descended this time weren't very strong amongst the gods.

This was because the top-tier gods didn't want to take the risk of descending here.

And with their strength, they might not be a match for the stronger ancient gods in a few years.

Apart from the ancient gods, the evil creatures in the dark god countries gave them a headache.

"We still have four and a half years before we can bring Earth back to the boundless star field. We have to be more vigilant in these four and a half years!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"In addition, report the situation on Earth to the higher-ups. Let's see what the higher-ups in the boundless star field say!"

A figure said indifferently, and then disappeared in an instant.

The other gods also nodded silently and disappeared.

Below them, the five gods of the pyramid also disappeared with ugly expressions.

"Damn it, the Dragon Soul was actually obtained by that guy!"

At this moment, 10,000 meters underground, the earthen grandson and the young master of the Protoss looked up with extremely ugly expressions. Their faces were ashen!

"Just now, it seemed like a God died from the wailing of heaven and earth. It seems like we have to ignite the divine fire first and advance to God!"

As he spoke, his body moved and disappeared.

"No, no, there's still nothing here. Did the flower and Cai'er awaken completely, or did the star grass take them away?"

In the sky above a city around Mount Hua, Wang Xian sensed the auras of the two girls and shook his head helplessly.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian didn't continue searching. The area of earth had increased by several times. There were all kinds of ancient lands. If he wanted to find the two of them, it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack.

He did not continue his search. Whether they would meet again in the future would depend on fate!

Wang Xian moved and teleported towards Jiang City.

At the same time, at the peak of Mount Hua, the Dragon King had destroyed the school of nine gates with a single hand. As a result, the competition of the Five Great Academies had turned into the competition of the four great academies.

The first round of the competition of the four great academies was almost ruined.

The following competition of the four great academies continued. However, the attention was obviously not as great as it was at the beginning!

The Dragon King's return had destroyed the nine Gates Academy and killed a god in the pyramid, causing the entire world to boil.

The internet was filled with discussions about the Dragon King.

In a short period of time, all of the Dragon King's deeds had been dug up.

Many of them had even been greatly exaggerated.

When they saw that the Dragon King had once suppressed an ERA and established the Undersea Dragon Palace for all the experts to worship, the hearts of the youths and the younger generation trembled slightly!

This caused many people to be filled with reverence and respect for the Dragon King!

"The Dragon King dominated the age of vipralopa. After the recovery of spiritual energy, he was able to kill a god. I really want to know what kind of opportunity the Dragon King had obtained to make him so powerful!"

"When the sea god descended, he once destroyed the Dragon Palace with one palm. were the members of the Dragon Palace killed? was the sea god killed by the Dragon King?"

"According to my guess, 80% of the sea god was killed by the Dragon King. The gods never killed each other. It must be the Dragon King. So Far on Earth, only the Dragon King can kill gods!"

"The founder of the Dragon Gate Academy, Xiao ran, seems to be the disciple of the Dragon King. No wonder Xiao ran could rise so quickly!"

The internet was filled with topics about the Dragon King.

Thinking about the yamen God who had been killed today, some people thought of the sea god who had fallen half a year ago, and thought of the Dean of the Dragon Gate Academy, Xiao ran.

A person who could kill a God on Earth also filled many people on Earth with hope.

Perhaps one day, they would be able to reach the level of the Dragon King!

While the matter of the Dragon King was boiling over, there was another matter that caused a huge sensation.

The Dragon Soul of the land of the nine dragons beside Mount Hua had been obtained by someone. The person who obtained it was a god who had been resurrected in the ancient war!

According to rumors, the person who obtained the Dragon Soul was still extremely arrogant when facing the five gods of the pyramid. He did not take them seriously at all!

"Did the Dragon King also obtain a Dragon Soul? You must know that the Dragon King was able to transform into an extremely majestic divine dragon back then!"

When the Dragon Soul incident erupted, someone suddenly asked.

When everyone saw this question, they could not help but be slightly stunned.

During the age of Chaos, the Dragon King was able to transform into a divine dragon to fight. Was it because the Dragon King obtained the Dragon Soul?

This conjecture was immediately confirmed by many people. There were even television stations that speculated that when the Dragon King rose to power, it was very likely because of the dragon soul.

The news that the Dragon King had obtained the dragon soul quickly spread across the entire internet.

Even the disciples of the four great forces and even the gods slowly nodded when they saw this conjecture.

On Earth, there might not be nine dragon souls, but ten.

However, the first Dragon Soul had already been fused by the Dragon King.

Because of the fusion of one Dragon Soul, Earth would have one more Dragon King.

And the Dragon King was the first true dragon son of heaven!

"That Dragon King should have obtained the Dragon Soul. Legend has it that the divine dragon can easily fight above his level. This is also the reason why he was able to kill yamen without igniting the divine fire!"

Some of the gods looked at the information one by one, and their eyes lit up.

Due to special reasons, the Dragon King had obtained the Dragon Soul during the age of chaos, allowing him to rise up in power.

When this guess was accepted by many people, everyone frantically rushed into the land of the nine dragons.

Currently, there were only seven out of the Nine Dragon Souls left. However, if one could obtain the dragon soul, one would be able to reach the realm of the Dragon King.

This was simply reaching the heavens in one step.

Not to mention the people on Earth, even the disciples of the four great factions hadn't paid much attention to this matter. Now, they had stepped into the land of the nine dragons and wanted to become the true dragon's son of heaven!

As long as one could obtain a dragon soul, they would have the strength to slaughter a god in the future!

However, what the billions of people didn't know was that the so-called dragon soul was just a huge net.

All the Dragon Soul will become a lamb to be slaughtered!