Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1924: The era of the gods began in 1924

"Wow, sister, Look, Look!"

The Earth's crust had changed. It was now the largest forest on Earth, under the Amazon rainforest.

In a corner of the huge Amazon rainforest, a voice suddenly sounded from an extremely mysterious undersea tree.

It was like a dream world. There were trees and flowers everywhere, covering an area of more than a hundred kilometers.

The entire underwater world was emitting boundless vitality.

A little girl was sitting on a chair made of tree branches. She was holding a computer in her hand, and her legs were shaking non-stop!

"What's wrong, Sister!"

Not far away, a 1.4-meter-tall girl was knitting something. She raised her head and looked at the girl who cried out in surprise.

"Come and take a look. That bad guy is looking for us!"

The two little girls from the undersea forest world were naturally Hua'er and Cai'er.

Hua'er held the computer and pouted her little mouth as she came to Cai'er's side. She pointed at the information on it.

"Huh?"

Cai'er was slightly stunned when she saw the information on it. Her eyes sparkled and she was somewhat absent-minded.

"That bad guy actually killed a god in order to find us. Sister, should we... Should we go and find him?"

Hua'er looked at the invincible figure in the screen and said in a daze.

Cai'er's expression changed as well. She was slightly touched.

Before they died, they had lived for more than a thousand years. They had their parents and brothers to take care of them. They had always lived in their parents'divine kingdom.

After they became gods, they got involved in the world-destroying battle because they were too playful.

In the end, they died!

When they woke up, they were taken care of and doted on by that man.

It could be said that other than their parents, he was the best person to them.

He gave them heavenly marrow water to drink and all kinds of pills to eat as candy.

In the past, only their parents would treat them so well.

"Should we go back and be his daughter?"

Cai'er scratched her green hair with a frown.

"Why don't we go back and call him little brother and father?"

Hua'er raised her eyebrows and said to Cai'er.

"Little brother and father? What... What kind of name is that?"

"Forget it. We'll cultivate as soon as possible. When we recover to the godly state, we'll have grown up. We'll look for him then!"

Cai er gritted her teeth and said.

"Alright then, I will go cultivate!"

Hua er nodded and quietly put away the computer in her hand. She immediately headed towards the training grounds in the God realm.

Cai Er looked at her sister and smiled slightly.

It was really rare for her sister to take the initiative to cultivate!

The two of them were twin sisters, and they were not ordinary twins.

When one of them had some understanding and one of them improved, the other could also improve.

If they cultivated together, the speed of their cultivation would be twice as fast!

Their parents said that they were a rare homologous body in the universe!

"I need to speed up the Progress!"

At this moment, in the villa in Jiang City, Wang Xian was overlooking the ocean in front of him.

It had been more than ten days since Hua er Cai'er left. During these ten days, Wang Xian suddenly felt bored!

In the past, he didn't feel anything when there were two little girls around. Now, he felt like he had nothing to do!

Looking at the information on the computer beside him, Wang Xian's eyes flickered. He couldn't afford to be so relaxed every day.

It was time to accelerate his plan!

"In the past half a month, more than a billion people have poured into the land of the nine dragons. Among them, there are more than ten ancient gods who have fallen and resurrected. It's time to choose from them!"

Wang Xian mumbled and closed his eyes slightly. He began to select the so-called true dragon's son of heaven.

"Roar Roar Roar, Dragon Soul. I have obtained the Dragon Soul. In the future, this world will be ruled by me!"

"I will rule the world and roam the universe. True Dragons are invincible. hahaha!"

In the next few days, in the other land of the seven dragons, more and more dragon souls were gradually obtained.

Arrogant voices resounded throughout the world.

The gods were filled with excitement because they had obtained the dragon souls.

They were reincarnated gods, and they had huge resources. Now that they had obtained the dragon souls, they were confident that they could reach a higher realm.

They even had the confidence to dominate the entire world.

As more and more dragon souls were obtained, the world boiled with excitement, and more and more people fought for the other Dragon Souls.

Many people even found gods in the land of the nine dragons.

However, none of the godly state experts had obtained dragon souls.

A month later, when the last Dragon Soul let out a roar, the nine dragon souls all belonged to someone!

The entire world was shocked!

From then on, the nine True Dragon Sons of Heaven were born and the powers of the world were reshuffled. The Dragon King was known as the head of the True Dragon Sons of Heaven.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

One day a month later, a dragon roar sounded.

Near a dark ancient land, a blurry black light covered tens of thousands of miles and a dark demonic dragon rose into the sky.

A huge divine kingdom slowly appeared in the sky. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Below the divine kingdom, a young man who was emitting a violent and bloody aura was holding up the Divine Kingdom!

"I am the son of the Demon Dragon. Today, I will ignite the divine fire and hold up the divine kingdom. Roar Roar Roar!"

"I, the ten dragons, will be the leader and the darkness will be the King!"

A voice filled with a domineering aura resounded through the world.

In an instant, the entire earth shook, and everyone looked in that direction.

The Darkness Boiled, the heaven and Earth played music, and a God was born!

"Someone actually became a god, and it's the person who obtained the Dragon Soul. Oh My God!"

"Is this becoming a god? Heaven and earth congratulates, and the World Shakes!"

After the birth of the first God on Earth, everyone was filled with shock.

They all looked over and felt an urge to worship him.

The majestic bearing that lifted the divine kingdom and the unrivalled domineering aura made everyone's heart palpitate.

"Even the Dragon King hasn't lit the divine fire yet, I didn't expect someone to become a god. It's really like a mountain is taller than a mountain!"

"Do you think he's a match for the Dragon King? He has become a god, and he's even the son of Heaven of the true dragon. He should be stronger than the Dragon King, right?"

Everyone was talking about the newly born Dark Demon Dragon God, their eyes filled with shock!

The first God was born, lifting up the divine kingdom and shaking the world.

"You guys light up the divine fire and ascend to God!"

In the other four forces, the gods said to the figures in front of them.

As the gods that descended after the heaven and earth changed, many fallen gods that had yet to awaken their memories were discovered and controlled by them.

These fallen gods could be said to be their greatest gains.

Now, when they saw someone ignite the divine fire to become a god, they also let the fallen gods ignite the divine fire once more!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The Heaven and earth cheered. In the next ten or so days, one God after another was born, and their divine kingdoms were raised high up!