Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1925: The disciples of the Dragon Palace arrived in 1925

"It's the twenty-second time. In just two short months, twenty-two gods were born. Master, how did they cultivate?"

"Ever since master fed me those two fruits, I've been hunting a lot of demonic cores during this period of time. I thought that my strength had improved very quickly!"

"But now, my strength has only reached level seven demigod. Even that young master of the celestial race lit up the divine fire yesterday!"

In the villa in Jiang City, Xiao ran stood beside Wang Xian with a bitter face and said to him!

"You can't compare to them. They were once gods, but they died. Now that their memories have been restored, as long as they have sufficient resources, they will be able to recover very quickly!"

"And with all the treasures on earth now, it's normal for them to light the divine fire!"

Wang Xian looked at Xiao ran beside him and said to him calmly.

"I was thinking of establishing a force, but I didn't expect that..."

Xiao ran smiled bitterly, feeling a little defeated.

"Even I haven't lit the divine fire yet, so don't be anxious!"

Wang Xian looked at Ji Lingfei beside him and smiled at her.

Ji Lingfei knew that Wang Xian was observing her strength.

Currently, her strength had already recovered to level nine of the demigod realm. It would still be some time before her strength recovered.

"Teacher, I received a piece of news!"

Suddenly, Ji Lingfei hesitated for a moment and said to Wang Xian.

"HMM? What News?"

Wang Xian looked at her and asked.

"According to the information I received, the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace are preparing to attack the ancient land of darkness and hunt the demonic beasts of the godly state to increase their strength!"

"The demonic cores of demonic beasts of the godly state are a rare treasure for godly state experts. The demonic cores can greatly increase a person's strength!"

Ji Lingfei's eyes flickered. "If you can obtain the demonic cores of demonic beasts, you might be able to ignite the divine fire. However, the ancient land of darkness will be very dangerous!"

Now, everyone knew that Xiao ran was the Dragon King's disciple. Currently, Longmen Academy was the leader of the few major academies.

The stronger the Dragon King was, the greater the benefits it would bring to Xiao ran.

Ji Lingfei also hoped that Wang Xian could ignite the divine fire as soon as possible.

"Attack the ancient lands of Darkness?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

"Yes. Teacher, you can bring Xiao ran and I to the ancient lands of darkness to hunt Yaoxie. If you can destroy the ancient lands of Darkness, you will definitely be able to ignite the divine fire!"

"Furthermore, according to the information I received, the strongest evil demon in the ancient land of darkness should not be stronger than the three wisps of Divine Fire!"

Ji Lingfei continued to speak to Wang Xian!

"A god with three wisps of divine fire, is there such a terrifying evil demon?"

Xiao ran was slightly shocked, and a look of shock appeared on his face.

Wang Xian looked at Ji Lingfei, and a look of deep thought appeared on his face.

This news was obviously obtained from the Lingxiao treasured palace. It could be considered confidential information. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

He hesitated for a moment and didn't make a decision immediately.

Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei stayed here for a while before leaving.

When they left the villa, Ji Lingfei frowned slowly. She had encountered some trouble recently!

"Lingfei, what's wrong? Is there something unhappy?"

Xiao ran looked at her frowning face and asked with concern.

"I'm Fine!"

Ji Lingfei smiled and shook her head. "Let's go back to the academy. The second batch of students are starting to enroll now. There are a few good geniuses who want to join our Academy!"

"Now, should we start harvesting the spoils of war or go to the dark ancient land?"

Wang Xian watched Xiao ran and the rest leave as he looked at the ancient land of darkness a hundred kilometers away.

In the past two months, more than 20 gods had been born. It was completely out of his expectations.

Among these gods, nine of them were the ones who had obtained the Dragon Souls.

Today, he had already started to consider whether he should harvest the spoils of war and collect the nine Dragon Souls.

It was very easy for Wang Xian to collect them.

In this way, he could obtain nine clones in an instant, and they were all clones that ignited a wisp of divine fire.

With the nourishment, each of these nine clones would have the ability to fight three levels higher.

"Should I collect them now or wait?"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. From his senses, these nine true dragon sons of Heaven were not simple!

I should let them continue their cultivation

Wang Xian thought lightly.

"Qitian!"

He shouted softly at Ao Jian.

"Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian's figure immediately appeared at the side and bowed.

"Return to the Dragon Palace and call Ba Qi, Ao Qi, and the rest over. Also, bring a hundred members of the Demon War Department over!"

Wang Xian ordered AO qitian.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian nodded respectfully and teleported away immediately!

"The news from Ji Lingfei should be correct. Since that's the case, let's go hunt down those demons and monsters to raise the strength of the Dragon Palace!"

"Hehe, now that the gods on Earth have risen, let's also gradually transfer the power of the Dragon Palace over!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He had been here for eight to nine months. It was time for the disciples of the Dragon Palace to be gradually transferred over!

"Perhaps, before long, another Dragon Palace will be erected on the ocean and all the forces will come to pay their respects!"

Wang Xian looked at the ocean in front of him and slowly looked at the lofty palace in the sky. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Half an hour later, ao Qitian led Ba Qi, Ao Qi, and 100 members of the Demon War Department to the sky above the villa. They bowed respectfully to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the members of the Dragon Palace and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

After the last time they destroyed the Yaman God, Ao Qi and Ba Qi had already reached the peak of the demigod realm.

With their strength, they could definitely fight against a god with a wisp of divine fire. As for these 100 members of the Demon War Department, each of them had the cultivation level of a level seven demigod.

They were holding metal clubs at the peak of the demigod level, and their power was extraordinary!

Even a demigod at level eight could fight and even kill them!

These hundreds of members of the Demon War Department were the best in the Dragon Palace.

"Get Ready. There will be a battle tomorrow. Mo Qinglong, go and inform Xiao ran. Tell them to get ready tomorrow!"

Wang Xian looked at the members of the Dragon Palace with satisfaction and transmitted his voice to Mo Qinglong.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Qinglong replied immediately.

"It's time to have a good fight!"

Wang Xian stood at the edge of the villa and looked ahead.

Behind him, Ao Jian, Ao Qitian, ao Xing, Mu Ao qi, and Ba Qi were standing quietly behind him.

Behind them were more than a hundred members of the Demon War Department!

Along with Wang Xian, the power of six godly states would definitely shock all the forces if the world knew about it!