Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1926: 1926, the invasion of the ancient lands of darkness

"Lingfei, just now, elder Mo sent us a message. Master said that he's going to attack the ancient lands of Darkness Tomorrow. He wants us to get ready!"

In a room not far away from Wang Xian's villa, Xiao ran came to the top floor and spoke to Ji Lingfei!

"Oh? Master has decided to go?"

Ji Lingfei was slightly delighted as a smile appeared on her face.

"What's wrong, Lingfei? Why are you so happy that teacher is preparing to go to the dark ancient land? The dark ancient land is very dangerous!"

Xiao ran saw Ji Lingfei's expression and was slightly surprised!

Logically speaking, whether they went to the dark ancient land or not did not have much of an impact on them!

"Is that so? If we go to the dark ancient land, teacher will have the possibility of igniting the divine fire, and his strength will be one step closer. Our strength will also be able to increase!"

Ji Lingfei said to him with a smile!

"Yes, but with teacher's strength, isn't it a little risky to go to the dark ancient land?"

Xiao ran frowned slightly!

"It shouldn't be a problem. Xiao ran, go and inform some of the disciples and students in the Academy. Go with Teacher Tomorrow!"

Ji Lingfei smiled faintly and shook her head at him.

"Yes, Alright!"

Xiao ran nodded and walked out.

"Sigh!"

Looking at Xiao Ran's departing figure, Ji Lingfei sighed slightly.

"Weng Weng!"

At this moment, she sensed that an item in her interspatial ring was trembling. Her expression changed slightly, and she immediately walked into the room.

"Weng!"

Ji Lingfei waved her arm, and a mystical mirror appeared in front of her.

In the mirror, an old man with a dignified face appeared.

"Master!"

Looking at the old man in the mirror, she immediately bowed and shouted!

"Have your senior brothers told you some things?"

The old man looked down at Consort Ji and asked expressionlessly.

"Master, I don't agree. Please think of your disciple. I don't even know Brown Warren of the Holy Church, I. . ."

"Alright, you can't do this. This is just a negotiation between us and the Templar Hall. You Better Get Ready!"

Ji Lingfei said excitedly, but was interrupted by the old man.

"Also, I heard from your senior that you are now hanging out with that native kid from that planet. You have to know your own identity. In the future, when I'm not around, you have to listen to your senior in everything!"

"Tomorrow, you go to your senior brother's place. Your senior brother will tell you everything. Alright, the consumption of long-distance communication is too great. Remember what your master said!"

The old man continued to speak to her, and then the scene disappeared.

Ji Lingfei's expression changed slightly, and she clenched her fist unwillingly!

"Unless Xiao ran can reach the deity realm, unless master Xiao ran's influence can be valued by master, otherwise..."

She muttered weakly.

The earth had changed, and the gods had risen. Recently, only six of the four major influences had become gods, and the rest were gods who had awakened.

Those gods already had the power to threaten the Lingxiao treasured palace and the other three influences.

Now, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace wanted to ally with the Holy Church... And how to ally...

"I hope that Xiao ran and his master can grow up as soon as possible. I hope!"

She clenched her fists tightly!

"Quick, quick, everyone get ready this time. We must use 200% of our strength. The Dragon King will take us to the dark ancient land. Haha!"

"The Dean said that we can't be careless this time. The dark ancient land has the existence of God Realm Demons!"

"This time, even if we can follow the Dragon King and pick up some demonic cores, we can still make a big profit!"

Early the next morning, a group of elite students and disciples flew to the seaside in front of the Dragon Gate Academy.

They looked excited and excited.

The Dragon King had brought them into the dark ancient land to hunt demonic beasts. This was an expert who could kill gods!

"Ling Fei, why did something happen to you all of a Sudden?"

"Yes, Sister Ling Fei, why did you suddenly want to go back to the Lingxiao Palace?"

Xiao ran, Liu Mengxin, Ji Ling Fei, and Qing Qing were standing by the seaside.

Xiao ran and his sister frowned slightly and asked.

"There are some things that I have to go back for. Don't worry, I'll be back soon. We'll contact each other by phone when the time comes!"

Ji Lingfei smiled at them!

"Then come back as soon as possible!"

Xiao ran hesitated for a moment and gently spread his arms. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Don't Worry!"

Ji Lingfei smiled sweetly and hugged him gently.

"I'll just go back for a while. Don't Worry!"

She whispered in Xiao Ran's ear and gently pecked his face!

"Okay!"

Xiao ran smiled foolishly and watched Ji Lingfei and the others fly toward the Lingxiao Palace.

"Hehe, sister-in-law, take care!"

Liu mengxin shouted at Ji Lingfei from the side.

Ji Lingfei waved at her.

"Dean!"

"Dean!"

At this moment, the elite students and disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy rushed over.

There were a total of over a thousand people, all of them were experts at the profound void tier.

Ever since the Five Great Academies'competition, Gate 9 academy had been destroyed, and Dragon Gate Academy had obtained the first place in the competition, becoming the leader of the four great academies.

The Lingfeng Academy was ranked second. Now, it had replaced the gate nine academy and become one of the three academies.

After the competition, the matter of the headmaster of the Dragon Gate Academy becoming the disciple of the Dragon King was also exposed. Since then, many strong people joined the Dragon Gate Academy and became the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy.

Now, the Dragon Gate Academy had more than a thousand insightful emptiness realm experts.

"Stand here and wait!"

Xiao ran looked at the group of disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy and revealed a satisfied expression on his face. He was very satisfied that the Dragon Gate Academy was able to develop to such a stage in such a short period of time.

However, recently, many people had lit divine flames and become gods, causing him to be somewhat disheartened.

"It's the Headmaster!"

Everyone immediately nodded respectfully.

They looked forward and waited for the arrival of the Dragon King.

"He's here, the Dragon King Is Here!"

"It's so exciting to get close to the Dragon King!"

Not long after, figures appeared in everyone's sight.

"Huh?"

Xiao ran looked over and was slightly stunned when he saw Ba Qi, Ao Qi, and the group of demon monkeys!

"Master!"

"Teacher!"

Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin immediately went up and greeted respectfully.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At the back, a group of Dragon Gate Academy's disciples and students immediately knelt on the ground and shouted loudly!

With the current status and strength of the Dragon King, he was worthy of their worship.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. His gaze swept across the thousand people from Dragon Gate Academy.

Sensing the Dragon King's gaze, everyone didn't dare to raise their heads. They were all very respectful!

"Kick these fifty over people out of the academy. The rest will follow!"

Wang Xian waved his arm, and more than fifty of them were immediately moved to the side by him.

"Huh?"

Xiao ran saw the fifty over people who were moved to the side by Wang Xian. He was slightly stunned and did not understand.

However, he did not ask further. He immediately nodded his head!

"What's the situation?"

The group of Dragon Gate Academy's disciples and students were slightly stunned. They were filled with astonishment!