Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1927: Under the might of Dragon King 1927

What was going on?

The more than 50 people who were called to the side by Wang Xian were slightly stunned. Their expressions instantly turned ugly.

The expressions of a few of them changed slightly!

"Dragon King, we have been loyal ever since we joined Dragon Gate Academy. Why Did you kick US OUT? What did we do wrong?"

A young man stood up directly. His expression changed slightly as he questioned Wang Xian.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian didn't even look at the young man as he spoke to Xiao ran and the rest.

"It's Master!"

Xiao ran nodded and gestured to the students and disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy.

"Dragon King, we..."

Swoosh

At the back, the young man's expression changed slightly when he saw that Wang Xian didn't even bother with him.

However, before he could finish his sentence, a sharp sword pierced through his body instantly.

"Cough Cough!"

The young man's body froze immediately. He widened his eyes slightly and was filled with disbelief.

Buzz

The golden sharp sword trembled slightly and his entire body dissipated.

"This... this..."

At the back, more than 50 people saw the young man being reduced to ashes instantly. Their pupils contracted slightly and they trembled for a moment.

Some of them exchanged glances and fled into the distance.

"Gulp!"

"Dragon King, what is this?"

The members of the Dragon Gate Academy were slightly shocked. They were filled with doubts!

"Some people are disloyal and have other motives!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian spoke to Xiao ran indifferently.

He had the heart of light and darkness and could see if some people were loyal. He could tell at a glance if there were people who were disloyal.

However, he did not explain to those people. There was no need for him to explain.

"Thank you, Master!"

Xiao ran immediately said gratefully when he heard Wang Xian's words.

He did not have any doubts about his master's words.

Moreover, his master would not target those fifty-odd people whom he had never met for no reason.

The students and disciples of Longmen Academy behind them did not need Wang Xian to explain to them. They were whispering that the Dragon King might have noticed that those people were up to no good. That was why he had expelled them.

In this regard, the thousands of students of the Dragon Gate Academy nodded in agreement.

Sometimes, when a powerhouse did something, there was no need to explain. Someone would help to explain.

"Why isn't your girlfriend, Ji Lingfei, here?"

Wang Xian asked Xiao ran indifferently.

"Master, she has some matters to attend to. She has returned to the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Xiao ran said with a slightly red face.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled. The group of them quickly walked toward the nearest dark ancient land.

The dark ancient land in the ocean was only a few hundred kilometers away from Wang Xian. It was not far from them.

After more than ten minutes, a group of more than a thousand people approached quickly.

Around the dark ancient land, there were ferocious demonic beasts scattered around.

When they saw Wang Xian and the rest approaching, they attacked in a frenzy.

"Hiss! There are many demigod-level demonic beasts in the surroundings. If we come here, we would be courting death!"

"Is this the cave of the dark ancient land? It's so terrifying inside. There's a terrifying force coming from it!"

The disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy took a deep breath when they saw the location in front of them. Their eyes were filled with fear.

Located above an island, there was a pitch-black hole that was so dark that one could not see the bottom. The dark energy seeped out from the hole, causing the area within a few thousand meters to be pitch-black.

From time to time, there would be ferocious demonic beasts crawling out from the hole.

They ranged from the transcendent level to the demigod level.

"Roar!"

Without needing Wang Xian's order, the two members of the Demon War Department let out a low roar and charged out from behind them.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The two demon monkeys were also emitting extremely violent dark energy. They held weapons at the peak of the demigod level in their hands and smashed them towards Yao Xie.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

With a swing of their clubs, a demigod-level demon beast was smashed to death.

The terrifying demonic aura and violent strength caused the surrounding Yao Xie to tremble.

"Hiss, so strong. are those the subordinates of the Dragon King? Two of them are already so terrifying!"

"This... a demi-god level demonic demon with one staff and that violent aura from his body. He's simply too powerful!"

When the students of the Dragon Gate Academy saw the terrifying attacks of the demon monkeys, their eyes widened slightly and their hearts trembled.

Just two demon monkeys were already so powerful. What about the rest?

Were they also this powerful?

Their gazes looked at the hundred plus experts behind the Dragon King as their eyes flickered.

"Go in. Xiao ran, you guys stay behind. I will leave some demons below the demigod level for you!"

Wang Xian looked at the center of the Dark Ancient Land. The entrance was two thousand meters wide, and even he couldn't see the bottom of the abyss.

He spoke to Xiao ran and walked straight in.

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately followed behind!

"Everyone, be careful. You will be fighting some demons below the demigod level next!"

"With your strength, there is a possibility of death. Be On Your Guard!"

Xiao ran reminded the students of the Longmen Academy and followed behind Wang Xian.

"What a deep cave entrance. I wonder how big this dark kingdom is!"

After entering the cave entrance, Wang Xian swept his gaze downwards.

In some spots inside the cave entrance, pairs of blood-red eyes were staring at them.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A brutal sound rang out, and the demonic beasts inside the cave directly attacked them.

"Roar!"

A few demon monkeys immediately went up to them, and the weapons in their hands smashed heavily onto their bodies.

The demigod-level Demonic Beasts'corpses were directly kept into the interspatial ring.

As for the transcendent-level profound void-level demonic beasts, they were directly left to the people of Dragon Gate Academy.

This made all the students and disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy look excited.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Continuous roars could be heard throughout the entire passageway. There were even hundreds of demi-god level demons.

"This is just the entrance and there are already hundreds of demi-god level demons. Doesn't that mean there are tens of thousands of them inside?"

Wang Xian walked towards the front indifferently.

He didn't know much about this dark ancient land. He was sure that he knew a lot about the fallen gods.

However, Wang Xian wasn't afraid at all.

The divine light from the divine mountain could suppress the demons in the dark ancient land. It shouldn't be too much of a problem for them.

After advancing for about three kilometers, an extremely huge space appeared in front of them.

The interior of the Dark God kingdom was like a bee's nest.

It was similar to a cave. There were many densely packed caves in there.

The densely packed void continued to extend forward. One could not see the end of it. It was at least a few hundred kilometers!

The moment they entered the void, blood-red eyes stared at them.

It was horrible!