Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1928: 1928 True Dragon Son of Heaven Song Li Shang

"Is... is this the lair of the Dark Ancient Land's demonic beasts? How can it be so terrifying!"

"Hiss, just how many demonic beasts are there?"

When everyone stood at the edge of the entrance, the people from Dragon Gate Academy looked inside in shock.

Especially when they saw those densely packed blood-red eyes, they felt their scalps go numb.

Those blood-red eyes were filled with cruelty and cold-bloodedness as they stared at them coldly and mercilessly.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and swept his gaze across the surrounding caves and the demonic beasts inside.

"It seems that there are at least tens of millions of demonic beasts in the Kingdom of darkness. Those demonic beasts of the divine realm should be located in the deepest part of the Kingdom!"

Wang Xian looked at the interior of the divine kingdom and was slightly shocked.

Looking at the nests, he felt a sense of familiarity.

The Dragon Caves in the Dragon Palace were similar to this place. However, the difference was that the dragon caves in the Dragon Palace emitted a vast and majestic aura and a divine dragon aura.

The nests in the interior only had bloodiness and brutality.

"Before the celestial race and the insect race were destroyed, there were no such dragon nests in the Dragon Palace. These dragon nests originated from the insect nests!"

"These demonic nests are similar to the insect nests. I wonder what the relationship is between the two!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Just as he was deep in thought, the demonic beasts with blood-red eyes in front of him let out a roar in unison and attacked him.

Some of them had bone wings, some had more than ten legs, and some had long tails.

However, the strength of these demons were mostly at the transcendent level.

"Attack!"

Xiao ran looked at the tens of thousands of demons pouncing at them and immediately ordered the people from Dragon Gate Academy.

"It's the Dean!"

The Disciples of Dragon Gate Academy revealed excited expressions in their eyes.

They could easily deal with these supernatural-level demons.

The demon cores of supernatural-level demons were also a huge fortune to them!

"There should be some low-level demons at the edge. I'll bring the disciples of the Dragon Palace to the deeper areas!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings indifferently and said to Xiao ran before walking straight ahead.

"It's Master!"

Xiao ran nodded. Together with the disciples of the Dragon Gate, they quickly killed the surrounding demons.

Wang Xian and the disciples of the Dragon Palace walked straight into the inner area.

The surrounding demons attacked one by one. They were killed by the demon monkey with a sweep.

With a simple attack, more than a thousand demons were killed!

"Master's subordinates are so strong. They are even stronger than me!"

From the back, Xiao ran glanced at the position in front of him and looked at the demon monkey. He was extremely shocked.

Any random disciple of the dragon palace had strength that was even stronger than him!

"Kill!"

He clenched his teeth and his body shook. The terrifying flames immediately covered a radius of more than ten kilometers.

"Headmaster is mighty!"

"Headmaster is too strong, Haha!"

The group of Dragon Gate Academy disciples immediately shouted excitedly when they saw the headmaster showing off his might.

"Quickly put away the monster core and follow!"

Xiao ran immediately ordered.

"Yes, quickly, quickly take out the monster core!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Haha, quickly, follow behind the Dragon King and the others. With the headmaster and the Dragon King around, Our Dragon Gate Academy will be rich this time!"

Excited voices sounded one after another. After everyone put away the monster core, they immediately walked forward.

However, when they saw the scene in front of them, they opened their mouths slightly.

The Dragon King and his entourage of more than a hundred people walked forward as if they were taking a stroll under the setting sun. The surrounding nests were densely packed with countless monsters that pounced on them.

However, on the left and right sides, there were only two demon monkeys holding black cudgels. With a sweep, all the monsters that pounced on them died.

This scene shocked them beyond words.

"How strong are the subordinates of the Dragon King?"

Everyone was shocked!

"Get rid of the fish that escaped the net!"

At this moment, Xiao Ran's voice sounded. Everyone rushed forward to attack the demons in front of them.

They were all excited. This time, after killing all the demons, their strength could at least increase by one level or even more.

Wang Xian led the disciples of the Dragon Palace deeper into the divine kingdom.

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the entire Divine Kingdom of darkness.

In this place, there were no other creatures other than densely packed caves on the surrounding walls.

The deeper they went, the higher the level of the demonic demons.

When they walked for about 50 kilometers, they were surrounded by demonic demons of the insightful void tier.

The variety of demonic beasts was also more abundant, but the number of demonic beasts had decreased by a lot.

However, there were still millions of demonic beasts!

At the back, the people from the Dragon Gate Academy were already finding it difficult to hunt down the demonic beasts one by one.

"All members of the Demon War Department, Take Action and collect all the corpses!"

Wang Xian took a glance at the back and ordered more than 100 members of the Demon War Department to take action after leaving them with more than 10,000 insightful void tier demonic beasts!

"It's the Dragon King!"

"Roar!"

The 100 Demon Monkeys let out a furious roar at the same time. Their violent voices reverberated throughout the entire divine kingdom.

They waved the clubs in their hands and swept toward the demons in front of them.

The 100 demons were able to fight a terrifying battle that was comparable to a demigod level eight. It was an easy feat for them to sweep away a group of insightful void-level demons.

They swept across more than 100 kilometers and more than two million demons died in their hands.

Wang Xian walked in the center. With a wave of his arm, the Phantoms of the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom appeared and stored the corpses of the demons into the Dragon Palace.

Even though they were all demons of the void interpretation level, there were more than two million of them. It was still a terrifying amount of resources.

In the Magnificent Dragon Pool, streams of dragon blood flowed in. The members of the Dragon Palace immersed themselves in the dragon pool to increase their strength.

"Heavenly troops and heavenly generals, let's Go!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were hunting demonic beasts in the dark kingdom, a majestic voice sounded from the East Heaven Gate of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

At this moment, a group of gods led 100,000 heavenly troops and heavenly generals to fly toward a dark ancient land.

After adding a few god-level powerhouses in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace were ready to attack the Dark Kingdom.

Once they took down a dark god kingdom, if all the resources inside were used to create godly state experts, at least two or three people would be able to advance to the godly state.

This caused them to directly mobilize all the forces of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, more than a dozen gods and 100,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals!

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace has mobilized all its forces to attack a dark god kingdom. TSK TSK!"

At this moment, in the sky above an ocean, a young man proudly looked at the group of gods and heavenly soldiers. The corners of his mouth curled up as he said indifferently.

"Brother song, they have at least ten gods and 100,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals to attack a dark divine kingdom. Isn't our strength a little too little? Why don't we find a few more people?"

A middle-aged man in golden armor stood beside the young man. His entire body was filled with boundless power.

Behind him were over a thousand silver-armored soldiers.

Behind the other young man was a group of disciples from the four mountain factions.