Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chapter 1929: 1929 True Dragon Son of Heaven Song Lixia

"Hehe, brother Li, looks like you were a little weak in the past. I entered that dark divine kingdom over a hundred thousand years ago and I remember it very clearly!"

"At that time, I killed more than twenty divine realm demonic beasts and there were definitely not more than three that could be revived. With my current strength, I can deal with them!"

In the sky above the sea, the young man arrogantly said to the golden-armored middle-aged man.

The young man was wearing green clothes. The picture of a divine dragon was engraved on his clothes, and his body was filled with a fierce aura.

"It's good that you are confident. I don't want to die again after being resurrected!"

The golden-armored middle-aged man said to him indifferently.

"Haha, with me, Song Li, here, brother Li, don't Worry!"

The young man in Dragon Robe revealed a strong sense of confidence, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"We of the Finger Sky Mountain believe in the strength of Lord Dragon God. If we destroy that ancient land of darkness, Lord Dragon God's strength will definitely increase!"

Behind Song Li, the disciples of the Finger Sky Mountain said respectfully from the side.

"Lord Dragon God has already ignited the divine fire and obtained the Dragon Soul. Once, a two wisps of divine fire demonic evil rushed out from that ancient land of darkness. With your strength, Lord, you can easily kill it!"

The mountain Lord of Sky Finger Mountain, Wei Haoge, who was ranked second on the prodigy roll, also respectfully flattered him!

"Brother Song's strength is unquestionable. Since brother song is so confident, let's go over!"

The golden-armored God looked at song Li with a hint of jealousy in his eyes.

The Dragon King used the unignited divine fire realm to forcefully kill the Yaman God of the pyramid, shaking the entire world.

After that, everyone guessed that the Dragon King was so powerful because he had obtained the Dragon Soul.

Now that song Li had obtained the dragon soul and condensed the body of a true dragon, coupled with his previous experience as a god, it was bound to be even more terrifying.

It was almost 100% possible to fight above one's level.

It was even very likely that it would be very easy to kill the God who had ignited two wisps of divine fire.

"Let's Go!"

Song Li's eyes flickered with intense confidence as divine light spread out from his body.

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, he led everyone to teleport forward.

"Eh?"

When their figures appeared next to a dark ancient land, a surprised voice sounded from their mouths.

"Someone has already entered the dark divine kingdom before us!"

The golden-armored middle-aged man's eyes flickered as he scanned his surroundings. His gaze landed on song Li. "They aren't from the pyramid, the Fire God Palace, or the holy church. They should be from other gods. I wonder how many of them are there!"

"Interesting. But that's good too. They have saved us a lot of time. Let's Go!"

Song Li said indifferently. His face was filled with intense confidence.

The golden-armored middle-aged man nodded. In the current Earth, no God would be a match for the true dragon son of heaven.

"Sou!"

The group of people moved and quickly flew inside.

Because there was no evil at the entrance, the group of people moved very quickly and soon arrived inside the divine kingdom.

Seeing the vast divine kingdom that was like a beehive, the people behind them sucked in a deep breath of cold air.

"TSK tsk, he even took away a transcendent level demonic core. He should be from a God faction. Could it be that fellow from the Celestial Race?"

Song Li's gaze swept past the demonic corpse in front of him and continued flying forward.

"So many demonic corpses. Even if they are at the transcendent level, they are still a huge fortune!"

The group of disciples from Sky Finger Mountain looked over with burning eyes.

They followed behind the golden-armored middle-aged man and flew forward.

"There's someone in front!"

When they flew about 100 kilometers, the sound of fighting could be heard.

Song Li and the golden-armored middle-aged man looked at each other, their eyes shining with a divine light as they looked inside.

"Buzz Buzz!"

"Buzz Buzz!"

The two of them sped up and arrived in front of the group!

"Haha, this is too awesome. Everyone, put in more effort. There are still over 3,000 beasts. Kill them!"

The two of them floated in front of them. The excited voices of the Dragon Gate disciples could be heard from the front.

"Huh?"

At this moment, Xiao ran suddenly turned around and looked at the two people in the sky. His pupils could not help but narrow slightly.

He swept his gaze behind him and saw that there were still a few hundred people flying over from behind!

"Boom!"

Xiao ran waved his arm, and terrifying flames separated the people of Dragon Gate Academy from Yao Xie temporarily.

"Who are you people?"

He asked the few hundred people behind him with some vigilance. His gaze flickered as he looked at song Li and the golden-armored middle-aged man.

"Dragon Gate Academy?"

Wei Haoge, who was at the back, saw Xiao ran. He raised his brows slightly and said softly.

"Dragon Gate Academy? The disciple of the Dragon King. Did the Dragon King bring you here?"

The golden-armored middle-aged man's gaze fell behind Xiao ran and looked toward the interior of the Divine Kingdom of darkness as he asked faintly.

"Everyone, may I know why you are here?"

Xiao ran cupped his hands toward them and asked with a frown.

"I'm asking you a question. Did the Dragon King bring you here?"

Song Li looked at Xiao ran indifferently and said coldly.

At the same time, a wave of dragon might from his body covered Xiao ran.

"En!"

Xiao ran's expression changed. He spat out blood and his face turned pale.

"Dean!"

"Brother!"

Everyone from Dragon Gate Academy was shocked and quickly came to Xiao Ran's side!

"My master is indeed inside. My master should not have any enmity with you, right?"

Xiao ran wiped his hands and waved at the people from Dragon Gate Academy. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and said to Song Li.

"Naturally, there is no enmity. I am just a little curious as to what the Dragon King, who is known as the head of the true dragon, is capable of. Haha!"

Song Li smiled and a mighty aura spread out from his body.

"Lord Dragon God, among the group of Dragon Soul Recipients, only the Dragon King has yet to ignite the divine fire. In front of you, he naturally doesn't have the right to be called the head of the True Dragon!"

Wei Haoge respectfully flattered him from behind.

"Hehe, this Dragon King can kill a god. Presumably, he has already obtained the Dragon Soul for a long time, but he is somewhat useless and has yet to ignite the divine fire!"

Song Li's face revealed a faint smile as he commented.

"It's already a great opportunity for the Dragon King to obtain the Dragon Soul. How is it possible for him to become a god after more than ten years! ?"

The golden-armored middle-aged man said expressionlessly.

They had all cultivated to become gods in the past, and every single one of them had spent thousands or even tens of thousands of years.

This time, they had fallen and resurrected because they had the cultivation experience of the past.

Igniting the divine fire was not that easy!

"Haha, I've Long wanted to meet that Dragon King. Today, I'll get to know this legendary figure!"

Song Li laughed loudly. He saw the area that was separated by the flames and waved his hand.

"Roar!"

A hundred-meter-long wind dragon condensed from the wind attribute roared and blew out the flames. The thousands of demonic beasts were instantly killed.

"Brother Xiao ran, you must have obtained a lot of demonic cores. Please give them to us!"

Wei Haoge looked at the Demonic Beasts'corpses on the ground and saw that many of the demonic cores had been dug out. He pursed his lips and said with shining eyes!