Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1930: 1930 true dragon? 1

"Brother Xiao Ran, you have obtained quite a number of demon cores, so please give them to us!"

In the dark god country, Wei Haoge's voice suddenly rang out, causing Xiao ran and the people from the Dragon Gate Academy to be slightly stunned.

Very quickly, Xiao ran and the others'expressions slowly turned ugly.

"Finger Sky Mountain, don't go too far, these demon cores were all obtained by us!"

A disciple of the Dragon Gate Academy roared angrily.

"Hehe, brother Li, let's go meet that Dragon King. I wonder where his confidence comes from. He actually barged into this dark ancient land alone and relied on that divine weapon!"

Song Li swept his gaze over and ignored him as he spoke to the golden-armored middle-aged man.

"Divine weapon?"

A trace of greed flickered in the golden-armored middle-aged man's eyes. He quickly nodded and gestured to the group of silver-armored subordinates behind him before flying forward.

The silver-armored middle-aged man's gaze slowly looked at the people from Dragon Gate Academy as his body emitted a powerful aura.

Wave after wave of demigod-level might erupted and charged towards Xiao ran and the others.

Among them, there were a few silver-armored middle-aged men whose might was not weaker than Xiao ran's.

"Haha, Principal Xiao Ran, take out the demon nucleus. Don't force us to make a move!"

Wei Haoge laughed loudly and said to Xiao ran with his head slightly raised.

"Give them the demon cores!"

Xiao ran sensed the powerful aura of the silver-armored cultivator and growled at his subordinates with an extremely ugly expression.

"Dean!"

Some people gritted their teeth with unwillingness on their faces and threw all the demon cores in their hands to them.

"Haha, Don't Be So unwilling. The items in this dark ancient land don't belong to you!"

"The items here belong to our Lord Dragon God and Lord Golden God. As for the so-called Dragon King, you have to stand aside!"

"If that Dragon King doesn't know what's good for him, who knows, hehehe..."

The corners of Wei Haoge's mouth slightly curled up as he smiled at Xiao ran and the others!

"Put away the demon cores on the ground and give half to the silver-armored cultivators. We'll go find Lord Dragon God and the others!"

He ordered the disciples.

"It's the Mountain Master!"

The hundreds of disciples of Sky Finger Mountain excitedly picked up the demon cores on the ground and flew into the Dark Divine Kingdom.

"Damn it, they stole all of our demon cores. Headmaster, are we going to let them go just like that?"

A disciple of Dragon Gate Academy said angrily as he watched them leave!

"That youth in the dragon robe just now looks like the true dragon son of Heaven, Song Li. Brother, teacher won't be in any trouble, right?"

Liu Mengxin looked at their departing figures and revealed a worried expression.

"True Dragon Son of Heaven, Song Li?"

The expressions of the students of the Dragon Gate Academy also changed slightly.

"That golden-armored youth is also a divine dragon. However, the leaders beside teacher should also be quite strong!" 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Xiao ran's expression changed!

He did not know exactly how strong his master was, but just as the outside world knew, his master did not light the divine fire.

If his master really obtained the dragon soul to have such powerful strength, then the true dragon son of Heaven Song Li who lit the divine fire must also be very powerful.

He was not sure if his master was song Li's match!

"What should we do? Although the Dragon King is strong, he didn't ignite the Divine Fire!"

The surrounding disciples of Dragon Gate Academy also revealed anxious expressions!

"Let's Go!"

Xiao ran clenched his teeth and followed the sky pointing mountain and the silver-armored cultivators.

"Let's Go!"

The members of Dragon Gate Academy immediately followed behind, their eyes filled with worry as they flew inside.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

About 200 kilometers away from the Kingdom of darkness, more than 100 members of the Demon War Department were fighting at a terrifying speed!

Around them, many demi-god level demons were being slaughtered rapidly.

"We're almost at the deepest part!"

Wang Xian, Ao Xingmu, AO qitian, Ao Jian, Ao Qi, and Ba Qi stood there quietly. They did not make a move from the beginning to the end.

For the time being, there was no evil that could make them make a move!

At the end of the altar, there were more than ten huge nests. Three of them were emitting a dark luster.

At the center of the end, there was something similar to a dark altar. On top of the altar, there were dozens of praying mats!

Wang Xian looked at the altar curiously.

Swoosh

At this moment, an extremely terrifying shadow attacked them.

The shadow was not very big. It was only about two meters in size. It had eight legs, and each of its legs had extremely sharp blades.

It almost teleported and attacked Wang Xian who was in the middle.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at the evil demon who was attacking him calmly.

"Its speed is pretty fast. However, it is still much slower compared to the AO demon!"

His eyes met with the evil demon's.

When the evil demon saw Wang Xian's calm expression, it had a bad premonition in its heart.

"Ji Ji!"

It let out a sharp cry and immediately turned around!

"Bang!"

However, at this moment, an incomparably huge dark palm that was filled with scales and horns gripped its body tightly.

"Dragon King, a wisp of divine fire, Yao Xie!"

Ao qitian stared at the Yao Xie in his hand and said!

"Save me!"

The Yao Xie sensed ao Qitian's terrifying power and roared in fear!

"Roar! Humans, how dare you intrude into our lair? I'm going to eat you!"

A wild roar was heard, and at the end of the dark kingdom, two huge bodies flew out!

One of them had three eyes, a long tail, and a body full of sharp thorns. The blood-red eyes of the lizard-like demonic beast were staring at them.

The other demonic beast was as big as a snake. There was only one pale-white eye on its head, and there were many sharp thorns on its upper body.

Each of their bodies was three to four kilometers long. The first demonic beast was the terrifying existence that attacked the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace.

"Two demonic beasts that are comparable to two wisps of divine fire!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the two demonic beasts and landed on the demonic beast in Ao Qitian's hand.

He waved his arm and the shadow of the dragonnation flashed past. The demonic beast that had just attacked them died instantly and entered the Dragon Palace!

"Roar!"

When the two demonic beasts saw their comrades being killed instantly, their eyes revealed a look of fear.

Although demonic beasts were extremely brutal, demonic beasts of the godly state were not lacking in intelligence.

The group of people in front of them posed a great threat to them.

They bent their bodies slightly and stared at Wang Xian and the rest warily!

"TSK TSK tsk, they actually came to the deepest part of the cave. Two demonic beasts that are comparable to two wisps of divine fire. It's just as I expected!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from behind.

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked behind him.