Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1931: 1931 true dragon? 2

There were two figures. One of them was dressed in a green dragon robe. His face was filled with confidence and pride.

The other was a middle-aged man who was dressed in golden armor. A golden radiance enveloped his entire body.

The two of them swept their gaze across the two demons at the end of the line. They revealed a relaxed expression on their faces.

"Song Li!"

When Wang Xian saw the expression of the young man dressed in a Green Dragon Robe, a faint smile appeared on his face.

He knew this young man, but the other party might not know him.

If Wang Xian remembered correctly, he was the seventh God to obtain the Dragon Soul. He was also a god who had fallen before.

More than a month ago, he condensed the true form of the Divine Wind Dragon and ignited the divine fire. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

From song Li's body, he could feel a very familiar aura.

"Dragon King?"

As he was sizing up the other party, Song Li also looked at him slowly. His face was filled with curiosity and mockery.

"The son of Heaven of the True Dragon, Song Li?"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he looked at him with a hint of evil humor.

"Haha, I didn't expect the Dragon King to know my name. It's such an honor. However, it seems that you've encountered some trouble, Dragon King!"

"Two demonic demons that can rival two wisps of divine fire. I wonder how you're going to deal with them?"

Song Li looked at Wang Xian and laughed out loud!

He didn't put Wang Xian and the two demonic beasts in his eyes at all.

"May I know why you two are here?"

Wang Xian's expression didn't change at all when he heard what song Li said. He asked faintly.

"I'm here to hunt down the demonic beasts and find some treasures along the way. I didn't expect that there would be an unexpected surprise this time!"

The golden-armored middle-aged man was also sizing up Wang Xian. His eyes sparkled

"Oh?"

Wang Xian saw the greed in his eyes and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"Dragon King, go and attack these two demonic beasts. Let me see your strength and let me see what you can do as the leader of the true dragons!"

At this moment, song Li, who was hovering high in the air, suddenly said to Wang Xian.

There was a hint of an order in his voice!

"Why should I let you witness my strength?"

Wang Xian looked at him and said calmly!

These two people in front of him had some ulterior motives!

"Haha, since you're Not Going, I'll go then!"

Song Li didn't get angry at all when he heard his words. Instead, he laughed out loud. His cold gaze swept across the two demonic beasts that were comparable to two wisps of divine flames.

"Roar! Roar!"

He raised his head and let out a wild roar. A wave of dragon might filled the surroundings.

"I am the Wind Divine Dragon. Today, you are fortunate enough to witness my strength. hahaha!"

He let out an excited roar and spread his arms.

Under the somewhat shocked gaze of the golden-armored middle-aged man, his figure slowly transformed into a divine dragon.

The Divine Dragon was two thousand meters long and had powerful and dazzling green scales.

Its horns were like deer, its head was like a camel, its eyes were like a rabbit, its neck was like a snake, its belly was like a clam, its scales were like fish, its claws were like an eagle, its paws were like a tiger, and its ears were like an ox.

Unlike the other divine dragons, the wind divine dragon had a pair of green and tough dragon wings!

The Wind Divine Dragon was the only divine dragon among the divine dragons that had wings.

Their speed was the fastest among all the Divine Dragons!

A majestic and vast aura emanated from his body.

"Crash!"

The dragon wings spread out and made a sound!

It was as powerful as a prison!

Song Li used the body of the wind god Dragon and swept his majestic gaze across the golden-armored middle-aged man, Wang Xian, and the rest. Then, he slowly looked at the two evildoers in front of him!

"Roar! Roar!"

The two demons could feel the powerful pressure from song Li's body. Their eyes revealed a hint of seriousness and fear.

They let out a low roar and could not help but take a few steps back.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Song Li's eyes were filled with excitement as he let out a wild roar. As he felt the powerful force coming from his body, a strong sense of confidence shot out from his eyes.

"Two little demons, go to Hell!"

He waved his huge dragon tail and attacked the two demons directly!

The entire interior of the Kingdom of darkness was instantly covered by the green wind attribute energy.

The golden-armored middle-aged man hurriedly retreated to the back.

"Let's retreat and see his strength!"

Wang Xian said to Ao Qitian and the rest. He also retreated to the back.

He was smiling as he looked at Song Li's Divine Dragon Body and its powerful aura.

He also wanted to know how strong song Li was.

How Strong was that Divine Dragon Body!

"Roar!"

"I will tear you apart!"

Furious roars came out from the mouths of the two demonic beasts. Their similarly huge bodies attacked song Li directly!

As demonic beasts, the most powerful thing was their physical bodies. At the same time, ordinary demonic beasts possessed powerful poisons and corrosive abilities.

The two demonic beasts directly pounced towards song Li's divine dragon body.

"A physical battle? Then I'll let you bunch of beasts experience the body of a divine dragon!"

When Song Li saw the two demonic beasts attacking him, there was not a hint of fear on his face.

In fact, he even waved his huge tail and charged towards the demonic beasts.

"Boom!"

"Bang Bang Bang!"

The Divine Dragon waved its tail and its huge tail charged towards the demonic beasts.

A metallic sound rang out from the collision. The entire body of the demonic beasts was made of bones and sharp spikes.

However, Song Li's divine dragon body, the scales that were emitting green light, and the dragon tail that was supported by the dragon bones, were not afraid at all.

The terrifying collision was one against two. The two demonic beasts were instead sent flying backwards.

Although song Li's body was also sent flying backwards, it was obvious that he was at an advantage!

"Roar Roar, I'll let you guys experience the domain of the Wind Divine Dragon!"

Song Li roared excitedly. The green energy around him enveloped the entire fifty kilometers radius.

The two demonic beasts slowly lowered their bodies. Waves of dark energy surged on their bodies. Their bloody eyes stared at song Li anxiously!

"Wind Dragon Roar!"

Song Li flapped his huge dragon wings. The wind elemental energy in the surroundings began to go berserk.

Countless amounts of energy condensed into the shadows of wind dragons and attacked demonic beasts directly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the two Yaoxie saw more than ten wind dragons that were thousands of meters in size charging at them, they opened their mouths and a black liquid that looked like sulfuric acid attacked the wind dragons that were condensed from energy.

"Sizzle! Sizzle! Sizzle!"

A strong corrosion came over and the wind dragons were corroded!

"This is only the beginning!"

Song Li opened his mouth slightly when he saw this. He flapped his wings again, and immediately, more than ten wind dragons formed and attacked once again.

"What's going on in the depths? is the Lord God Fighting?"

"It's the Lord Dragon God's voice. Quick, quick, let's go take a look!"

At that moment, the people from Sky Mountain and the silver-armored cultivators approached from behind. When they sensed the sounds of battle coming from inside, they all sped up and rushed over.

Behind them, Xiao ran and the others from Dragon Gate Academy also sped up. A hint of worry appeared on their faces.

"That's right!"

When they came to the depths and saw the Divine Dragon and the two demonic beasts fighting, they were slightly shocked!