Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1932: 1932 true dragon? 3

A wind god Dragon that was two to three thousand meters long waved its tail and long dragon wings.

As the dragon wings flapped, more than ten enormous wind dragons formed and attacked the two evildoers.

The violent wind dragons were very lifelike and had an extremely powerful pressure.

The people from sky mountain and the silver-armored cultivator looked around and their eyes fell on the Majestic Dragon God. They took a deep breath!

"That's Lord Dragon God! Lord Dragon God is fighting two demons alone!"

"That demon with the bone wings is like a lizard. He's the one who attacked the Lingxiao treasured palace. This demon seems to be comparable to two wisps of divine fire!"

"The other demon is no weaker than the bone-winged lizard demon. These are two gods that are comparable to two wisps of divine fire. Lord Dragon God is fighting two invincible demons alone!"

The people of Sky Finger Mountain looked at the invincible wind god Dragon with heated expressions.

Fighting against two wisps of Divine Fire Yao Xie alone was a strength that even the Ling Xiao Palace had to be wary of.

"Hiss, that true dragon son of Heaven Song Li is so strong. He can fight against two powerful Yao Xie Alone!"

"Also, he can turn into the legendary divine dragon of China. is the true dragon son of heaven so strong?"

"Why do I feel that his strength is even more terrifying than our Dragon King's!"

The people from the Dragon Gate Academy took a deep breath when they saw this scene. Their eyes were filled with shock.

Even when the Dragon King killed the Yamen God, he wasn't this strong.

"Keke, Dragon King, the poison on these demons can threaten gods. I'll get some later!"

At the side, Ba Qi looked at the demonic beasts in front of him and said with a smile.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

Ba Qi was in charge of the department. Now that Mo Sha had joined forces with the two old cowards, the current system department of the Dragon Palace was unusually powerful.

At their current position, the two of them had already developed toxins that could threaten godly state experts.

This was a significant improvement to the strength of the Dragon Palace.

When the toxin created by Ba Qi and the rest allowed the fire hammer clan to completely integrate it into their weapons and daggers, it could produce an extremely terrifying effect.

This was especially so for the strange demon clan and the Heavenly Eye Arrow clan. It was a qualitative improvement.

He looked at Song Li's Wind God dragon body with a satisfied expression.

The Dragon Soul of the land of the nine dragons was originally the land of the dragon veins. After receiving the blood of the Divine Dragon from Wang Xian, it gained sentience.

In addition to the true God that song Li had condensed, it could be said that this divine wind dragon in front of him, other than not having the divine dragon transformation, which was the cultivation method of the dragon race, was not much different from an ordinary divine dragon.

At the very least, with the body of the Divine Dragon, he could easily fight against opponents of a higher level.

In addition, Song Li was once a godly state expert and had a wealth of experience. There was no pressure for him to fight against two wisps of demonic fire.

In fact, with his current strength, he could even fight against the god of the divine fire on the third floor.

This was song Li's strength, and also his ability to be arrogant and superior.

"Wind Divine Dragon, Wind Tornado!"

At this moment, song Li's explosive voice sounded once again.

He flapped his huge wings, and two wind dragons slowly flew out from them.

These two divine dragons were obviously more powerful and terrifying than the divine dragons formed by the wind attributes just now.

The two divine dragons were entangled together, and the speed of their entanglement was getting faster and faster. In front of them, they formed a dragon head with a radius of about twenty kilometers.

The dragon opened its mouth and attacked the two demonic beasts.

The two demonic beasts barely managed to resist the attack just now. When they faced the tornado that was attacking them again, their eyes showed fear.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

They kept retreating, all the way to the side of their nest.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The two demonic beasts let out brutal roars again, and the nest behind them suddenly exploded with an extremely dense dark energy!

"Roar!"

The two evildoers jumped heavily, and attacked the dragon head at the front of the tornado.

Behind them, the nest seemed to be following them. Within the pitch-black nest, dark energy condensed into all sorts of evildoers, and tore at the dragon head within a 20-kilometer radius.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The sound of an explosion rang out, and the tornado quickly dissipated under the attacks of the two evildoers.

"Did they use the power of the Dark Lair?"

Song Li looked at the dark lair behind them, and a cold expression appeared on his face.

"In that case, Storm God Valley, suppress it!"

With a dragon's roar, he raised his dragon head high, and a storm god Valley appeared behind him.

The valley within a radius of 50 kilometers was filled with dense wind elemental energy.

This was song Li's divine kingdom!

"Dragon Plate!"

Song Li came to the sky above the divine kingdom and settled down in the middle. Waves of wind elemental energy surged towards his body.

His divine dragon body was slowly surrounded by wind elemental energy, and his body quickly reached the size of a radius of dozens of kilometers.

Song Li settled down in the sky above the divine kingdom and directly suppressed the two evildoers.

"Hiss, the divine dragon has occupied the divine kingdom and suppressed the demonic beasts. Lord Dragon God's strength is simply too terrifying!"

The people from Sky Finger Mountain looked at this scene in shock and sucked in a breath of cold air.

The golden-armored middle-aged man's pupils constricted slightly as he looked at song Li with fear in his eyes.

"Roar!"

The two demonic beasts looked at the powerful and invincible song Li as he shook his body violently. He brought the dark lair behind him and charged straight at them.

The Dark God nation wasn't big enough for them, so they had nowhere to hide!

"Dragon Claw!"

The Storm God Valley collided with the two dark lairs. Song Li stretched out two huge dragon claws and clawed at the two demonic beasts!

"Boom!"

"Not good, get down now!"

"Dodge!"

A violent collision sound was heard. The faces of the sky mountain people and the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy changed slightly, and they immediately shouted.

A terrifying wave of wind rushed out in all directions.

Even those at the third or fourth level of the demigod rank had to lie on the ground to avoid the aftershock.

"Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Two miserable screams were heard. Everyone narrowed their eyes and looked toward the center of the battlefield!

"Hahaha, two little demons, how dare they act so impudently in front of me!"

The aftershock of the collision slowly dissipated and a loud laughter was heard.

Everyone who was lying on the ground was slightly shocked as they looked up at the wind god Dragon that was entrenched in the sky above the Kingdom of God.

At the end of the Kingdom of God of darkness, the two dying bodies of the two demons were lying on the ground, twitching slightly!

Song Li swept his gaze across the two demons on the ground. The dragon's body was coiled and coiled as he slowly turned his head to look at Wang Xian and the rest!

"The might of a true dragon is so terrifying!"

The golden-armored middle-aged man was shocked!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com