Chapter 1933: 1933 True Dragon? 4

Not long after igniting the divine fire, he was able to suppress two gods that were comparable to two wisps of divine fire!

With the body of a true dragon suppressing them, this invincible appearance could only be described with two words!

How terrifying!

Even the golden-armored middle-aged man was extremely shocked.

Although he was also a god that had fallen before, now that he had ignited the divine fire once again, he believed that even if he could easily defeat a god of the same level, he could even fight against two wisps of divine fire.

However, he absolutely could not suppress two wisps of divine fire.

Even if he faced one, it would be extremely troublesome, and he would flee in panic.

However, now, song Li could easily suppress two. This terrifying fighting strength was something only a god of three wisps of divine fire could do.

"Hiss, our Lord Dragon God is so strong!"

A group of Sky Mountain Experts'disciples lay on the ground, looking at song Li, who was crouching above the Divine Storm Valley, with deep reverence on their faces.

"Lord Dragon God is invincible! Lord Dragon God is Mighty!"

Wei Haoge immediately knelt on the ground and shouted at Song Li.

"Lord Dragon God is invincible! Lord Dragon God is Mighty!"

The group of Sky Finger Disciples immediately knelt on the ground and shouted.

"Hahaha!"

Hearing the words of his subordinates, song Li laughed loudly, and a domineering look appeared on his face.

He slowly lowered his head, his huge dragon eyes staring at everyone.

"Those who worship me, I will protect you!"

Song Li said in a dignified manner, his gaze slowly landing on the golden-armored middle-aged man.

"Li Qingtian, before you died, you were the god who ignited six wisps of divine fire, and I, the Dragon God, had already ignited eight wisps of divine fire!"

"Now that I have obtained the Dragon Soul, I am the True Dragon's son of heaven. I will definitely step onto the eternal path in the future. Now, follow me and I will take you all further!"

Song Li stared at the golden-armored middle-aged man. His dragon whiskers trembled slightly as he smiled.

Li Qingtian's expression changed slightly when he heard his words.

As a god, he rarely followed others. Of course, if the other party was powerful, it would be a good choice to follow experts.

Song Li had called him over today. It was obvious that he had such a plan.

Seeing his terrifying strength, Li Qingtian was a little hesitant. After all, the other party was the son of Heaven of the true dragon.

"Song Li, can someone else's dragon soul be taken away?"

Suddenly, Li Qingtian glanced at Wang Xian and asked song Li directly.

"Oh?"

When song Li heard his words, a meaningful look appeared on his face. He looked at Wang Xian with his dragon eyes and revealed a teasing expression.

"Once the dragon soul is fused with someone, it will disappear completely. Even if we kill it, no one else will be able to obtain it!"

He said faintly, "The following earth is not very safe. Even if it's you, it's hard to say if you can survive. Follow me and I Will Guarantee Your Safety!"

As song Li spoke, Li Qingtian revealed a disappointed expression. He hesitated slightly!

"Greetings, Dragon God!"

Not long after, Li Qingtian knelt on one knee and bowed to song Li.

"Hahahaha!"

A carefree laughter came from his mouth.

"Dragon King, What About You?"

All of a sudden, his smile stopped. He looked at Wang Xian and a cold glint shot out from his eyes. A powerful dragon's might covered the area below.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard the sudden words. Then, a funny expression appeared on his face.

"What?"

The faces of the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy changed slightly when they heard song Li's words.

Was this son of Heaven of the true dragon going to subdue the Dragon King?

"I'm not interested in following you!"

Wang Xian shook his head faintly and stared at him with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Haha, everyone on Earth is calling you the leader of the true dragons. I would like to know what the others will think if I, the Dragon God, subjugate the leader of the true dragons!" 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Song Li seemed to have not heard Wang Xian's words as he laughed out loud.

"You can fantasize about it yourself!"

Wang Xian looked at his arrogant expression and said faintly.

"HMM?"

Song Li squinted his eyes slightly. He extended his gigantic dragon head towards Wang Xian and a blast of air gushed out from his nose. "This... is not up to you!"

"Surrender or Die!"

With the last sentence, he let out a furious roar. He crouched down and lifted his body up high. A wave of murderous aura gushed out in all directions.

Hiss!

The group of demigods trembled as they felt the terrifying killing intent.

Li Qingtian stood up slowly from the side. With a wave of his arm, a golden halberd appeared in his hand.

He stared at Wang Xian.

Obviously, once Wang Xian refused, he would launch a fierce attack.

"This is bad!"

Upon seeing this scene, the faces of the people from Dragon Gate Academy changed drastically. They stared at the Dragon King with worry on their faces.

Xiao ran also clenched his fists. His eyes were filled with anger.

"With just you?"

Wang Xian looked at Song Li who was looking down at him from above. He retracted the smile on his face and asked indifferently!

"Hahaha, are you not worthy? Then let me see your true dragon body. I wonder if your blood can temper my dragon body!"

When song Li heard Wang Xian's words, he laughed out loud.

When he knew that the Dragon King was in the Kingdom of darkness, he already had a plan in mind.

Either the Dragon King would submit to him or he would kill him. He wanted to see if the Dragon King's blood could help him improve a little.

Unfortunately, this foolish Dragon King had to choose the latter.

"Lord Dragon God, a fellow who has not ignited the divine fire. Even if he has a dragon soul, I can still kill him!"

"Leave it to me. Clang!"

The long halberd in Li Qingtian's hand trembled slightly. A sharp metallic sound resonated within a radius of tens of kilometers.

The tip of his long halberd was emitting a little resplendent luster.

The long halberd was slowly aimed at Wang Xian.

Even though he knew that the Dragon King had killed a god with a wisp of divine fire back then, he was still very confident in his own strength.

"You're really courting death!"

Wang Xian looked at them and shook his head slowly.

"You're the one who said that our Lord Dragon God is courting death, right?"

Wei Haoge stood at the side and said coldly.

"You're courting death!"

Xiao ran heard his words and swept his cold gaze over.

"TSK TSK, you're the one who's courting death, Dean Xiao ran. When your master dies, it'll Be Your Turn!"

Wei Haoge raised his head slightly and looked at Xiao ran. His eyes were sparkling.

"Since you don't want to submit, then die!"

Li Qingtian waved the long halberd in his hand coldly and attacked Wang Xian directly.

A golden glow seemed to be attacking from the center of the world!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Ao Xingmu, who was standing beside Wang Xian, slowly raised his arm.

The thorns wrapped around Li Qingtian in an instant.

Including the long halberd in his hand!

Li Qingtian froze instantly. Waves of bright and sharp golden rays slashed towards the thorns, but there was no reaction at all.

This shocked him greatly.

"What?"

Everyone around was stunned!