Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1934: One thought from 1934: Die!

"What... What is this situation?"

A low growl came from Li Qingtian's mouth. His eyes were wide open and his entire body was entangled by thorns. He used all his strength to struggle free, but the thorns wrapped around his body did not move at all.

He widened his eyes in shock and stared at the creature in front of him that was attacking him.

It was not uncommon for a plant-type demonic beast to be this kind of creature since Earth's spiritual energy had been restored.

However, it was the creature that did not seem to have the slightest bit of power. It released a thorn with one hand and directly trapped it, making it unable to resist at all!

"Roar!"

He let out a frantic roar as his entire body blossomed with endless divine light. Behind him, a golden throne slowly appeared!

"You think you can attack our Dragon King?"

Ao Xingmu looked at the golden throne, his eyes filled with disdain.

He moved his palm, and countless thorns directly wrapped around the golden throne that was dozens of kilometers in circumference behind him.

In just an instant, the powerful divine kingdom that gave off an incomparably sharp aura was wrapped by thorns. The golden divine kingdom seemed to have turned into a plant-based divine kingdom.

Moreover, the plant was dark red in color. It looked a little bloody and terrifying.

At this moment, Li Qingtian was completely dumbfounded!

"Sir!"

Behind them, the hundreds of silver-armored cultivators saw that their god was instantly trapped. Their faces changed greatly as they cried out involuntarily. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"This... how is this possible? What is that creature? How can he be so... so powerful!"

"Hiss, this... the creature next to the Dragon King..."

Exclamations came from the disciples of Sky Finger Mountain. They looked at AO xingmu, who was next to the Dragon King, with wide eyes, full of disbelief!

When the members of Dragon Gate Academy saw this scene, their bodies trembled, and their eyes were full of excitement!

"What?"

In the Divine Storm Valley, song Li's eyes were filled with shock as well. His gaze was fixed on AO xingmu.

"I didn't expect that there would be such a powerful expert beside you, Dragon King!"

A hint of fear appeared in song Li's eyes. His face turned gloomy as the wooden tube flickered.

To be able to trap Li Qingtian in an instant, his strength was definitely not weaker than his!

"Do you know that you are simply courting your own death?"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at Song Li who was in the sky. His eyes revealed a faint coldness.

"Roar!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, song Li let out an angry roar. The divine kingdom under his body erupted with gusts of wind!

In the god of Storms Valley, the wind dragons formed by the wind attribute were circling around.

"Dragon King, don't think that you can defeat me just because you have a powerful subordinate. I think you know the power of the Divine Dragon better than anyone else!"

He roared furiously at Wang Xian as a thought of retreating emerged in his mind!

He glanced at AO Xingmu with some apprehension as his dragon tail swayed!

"You deserve it!"

Wang Xian said indifferently as he waved his arm gently at Song Li.

Boom

All of a sudden, song Li's dragon God body seemed to have lost control as he fell from the sky.

"Roar, what's going on?"

In an instant, song Li's dragon eyes were filled with fear and panic. He suddenly felt that he couldn't control his body.

He couldn't control his body at all!

Bang

The powerful impact force caused him to fall heavily to the ground. His eyes were wide open and filled with fear.

"What did you do to me? What did you do to me?"

Song Li fell to the ground. He stared at Wang Xian and shouted with a heart-wrenching fear.

"I'm just taking your life!"

Wang Xian looked at his terrified and desperate look and said calmly.

Buzz

After he finished speaking, song Li reverted back to his human form.

At this moment, he felt a vast and mighty force rushing toward his mind.

This force was strangling his consciousness and his thoughts!

"No, no, get out of Here! Get out of Here!"

He revealed a terrified expression and roared with a ferocious expression.

He was being possessed! He was being possessed!

"Ahhhh!"

"Please, Dragon King, let me go! Please, I'm sorry, I'm Sorry!"

Song Li started rolling on the ground in pain as he begged Wang Xian for mercy.

His face was filled with fear and despair!

"The son of Heaven of the true dragon is merely the son of heaven!"

The son of Heaven meant that he was the son of heaven. The so-called son of Heaven of the true dragon was merely the son of the Dragon God.

In fact, they could not even be considered as the son of the Divine Dragon!

Boom

As soon as Wang Xian's words left his mouth, song Li's mind was filled with a rumbling sound!

"No!"

A miserable scream came out from his mouth. His body tensed up violently and gradually stiffened up.

Crash!

When his body stiffened up, his body turned into the body of the divine wind dragon once again.

The incomparably huge body of the divine dragon lay there quietly.

Wang Xian only had one thought. The son of Heaven of the True Dragon was dead!

"Gulp!"

When everyone around saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock.

The invincible son of Heaven of the True Dragon, Song Li, was killed so easily.

In fact, they didn't even see the Dragon King make a move!

They had no idea how song Li died.

The screams seemed to be filled with fear when he was alive.

What was going on?

"How is this possible? How could song Li Die just like that!"

Li Qingtian, who was entangled, looked at this scene in shock. His body trembled and his voice was filled with fear.

"Pu Pu Pu!"

Suddenly, at this moment, he felt a terrifying Thorn Pierce through his body, causing his pupils to enlarge once again!

"Bang!"

The thorn retracted and his body slowly fell to the ground, his eyes wide open!

He died with his eyes wide open!

He had just recovered to the divine realm not too long ago!

How could that Dragon King...

"No, no, how is this possible, this is impossible!"

At the back, the merfolk silver-armored cultivators from Sky Finger Mountain felt that the scene before them was a little crazy.

Just now, the Invincible Dragon God had easily suppressed the two demonic beasts.

In the end, he was killed by the Dragon King with a casual wave of his hand.

Now that the Golden God had been killed so easily, how could the Dragon King's group be so terrifying?

They couldn't believe it, and they couldn't help but retreat, their minds in a daze.

"A bunch of ants, Keke!"

Ba Qi looked at the people from Sky Finger Mountain. He waved his arm, and a black mist enveloped them.

"Run, they are devils, Devils!"

Wei Haoge shouted with a face full of fear. He quickly turned around and fled.

At this moment, his back was completely drenched, and his face was extremely pale from fright!

Their Lord Dragon God was already so powerful, how could he be so easily destroyed.

How could this be believed!

"Run, run, run!"

Sky finger, the silver-armored cultivator, and the others ran for their lives as if they had seen a demon from the abyss.

There were even a few people who fell to the ground in fear!

"Bzzz, bzzz!"

However, the black fog covered them in an instant and they all fell to the ground.

In an instant, there was no sign of life!