Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1935: 1935 upgrade

"Hiss!"

All the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy took a deep breath when they saw this scene!

They were extremely shocked when they saw the corpses on the ground and the dead golden-armored middle-aged God and the true dragon son of Heaven, Song Li.

Two such powerful existences didn't even have the chance to make a move in front of the Dragon King.

They looked at the members of the Dragon Palace who were following the Dragon King. Their eyes sparkled and they were shocked.

Could the subordinates of the five Dragon Kings also have the strength of the godly state?

They pursed their lips and stared blankly.

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a low roar of a dragon suddenly sounded. Everyone was slightly shocked and they quickly looked at the body of the wind god Dragon.

"This is?"

When everyone saw the divine wind dragon slowly stand up, they were all shocked.

"That song Li is not dead. He is not dead yet!"

A Cry of surprise came from the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy.

Wang Xian looked at the body of the Divine Wind Dragon and revealed a faint smile on his face.

Buzz 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At this moment, the Divine Wind Dragon moved slightly and his body began to change into a human form.

When they saw the human form, their eyes widened in shock.

The form of the Divine Wind Dragon was exactly the same as the Dragon King.

He walked quietly to the side of the Dragon King and stood there expressionlessly.

Everyone took a deep breath when they saw this scene.

What was going on?

Even Xiao ran was filled with shock when he saw the true dragon's body transform into his master's form.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian waved his arm and the Kingdom of dragon appeared in front of him. He then proceeded to devour Li Qingtian and song Li's divine kingdom.

Buzz! Buzz

In an instant, the metal and wind attributes divine kingdoms entered the Dragon Palace. A large number of treasures were immediately separated from the divine kingdom.

Following that, the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom devoured the corpses of Li Qingtian and the two demonic beasts.

Their corpses immediately turned into thick dragon blood that flowed into the dragon transformation pool.

The dragon blood that the three gods had turned into could at least allow three to four members of the Dragon Palace to possess the combat strength of a god.

As for the resources in the divine kingdom, Wang Xian took a look and found that it was sufficient to increase his strength.

After the upgrade, his level would reach the level of a demigod level nine. By then, he would possess the strength of four wisps of Divine Fire God!

"These dark dens are the same as the divine kingdom. However, the Dragon Palace has already devoured the Divine Kingdom of darkness. These should be able to be converted into materials!"

"There is also this incomparably huge divine kingdom of darkness. The Dragon Palace should be able to devour it as well!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He controlled the Divine Kingdom of Darkness to devour the two dark dens of Yao Xie.

In addition, there was also the nest of Yao Xie that Ao Qitian had just killed.

"Continue!"

Seeing that the three nests were successfully devoured, Wang Xian controlled the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom to devour the surrounding dark kingdom.

Without the demonic nest, the dark kingdom was completely ownerless.

After the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom was devoured, the entire dark kingdom trembled and disappeared at a terrifying speed.

"What's Going On!"

All the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy watched this scene in a daze. They stood behind Dean Xiao ran.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Huh?"

Just as the Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom was devouring the demonic nest and the dark divine kingdom, Wang Xian suddenly felt a strange movement coming from the Dragon Palace.

He was slightly stunned. He calmed his heart and tried to sense the situation in the Dragon Palace.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an extremely excited voice resonated in the Dragon Palace, attracting the attention of everyone in the Dragon Palace.

Prime Minister Gui and a few leaders looked at ao crab with slight astonishment.

Ao crab was a rather special existence in the Dragon Palace.

Ever since Wang Xian subdued him, ao crab's sense of existence was not very strong.

His strength was not very strong. Currently, he only had the strength of a demigod at the seventh level.

There were 30,000 to 40,000 small crabs hidden in his stomach. Currently, these crabs had all reached the insightful emptiness realm.

However, this was nothing to the Dragon Palace.

However, at this moment, when ao crab sensed the evil caves and the dark divine kingdom, it let out an excited roar.

Its eyes shone as it flew toward the dark caves and the divine kingdom.

Because the Dragon Palace had absorbed the dark divine kingdom, these caves and the divine kingdom were only sent to the Dragon Palace as materials.

Ao crab looked at these materials and pounced on them excitedly. His five to six-meter-sized body was directly swallowed up.

At the same time, small crabs of the void interpretation level that were two to three meters in size crawled out from his body.

These small crabs were also like cats that had smelled the fishy smell as they devoured the dark nests.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian felt this scene and his eyes sparkled.

He did not stop the Ao crab from devouring the dark lair. Instead, he watched quietly.

"Roar! Roar!"

When the Ao crab devoured the dark lair for only a minute, he raised his head and let out a roar.

His strength, which was originally at the level of a demigod, was now at the level of a demigod.

Devouring, continue!

Time passed slowly. When a dark lair was devoured by him and a group of little crabs, his strength had already reached the peak of a demigod.

As for the rest of the small crabs, they had also reached the demigod level!

Such a terrifying speed of improvement shocked everyone!

"Awoo!"

The Ao crab continued to devour the other two dark nests!

"Hiss!"

Seeing how the Ao crab and the group of small crabs were improving at such a fast speed, Wang Xian's eyes revealed a look of astonishment.

"This kind of improvement is somewhat similar to the bug race!"

His eyes sparkled.

The reason why the bug race was so powerful and invincible was because of their terrifying improvement speed.

If the bug race was placed on a planet, they would be able to devour all the energy of the entire planet within a few days.

The abilities of Ao crab and the rest were exactly the same as the dragons.

The Dark Lair was formed from all kinds of powerful materials. To the bug race, it was simply a huge treasure trove.

Devouring a divine kingdom could greatly improve it.

"Boom!"

In the Dragon Palace, more than 20 minutes later, a vibration was heard.

Ao crab was about to ignite the divine fire.

Before the second dark lair was completely devoured, he had already started to ignite the divine fire!

This terrifying improvement made Prime Minister Gui and the others dumbfounded!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, the dark divine kingdom next to ao crab slowly floated in the sky above him.

It was a ready-made kingdom of God that was raised high up in the sky.

Around it, the crabs were prostrating themselves and worshipping their God!

"I didn't expect ao crab to undergo such a transformation. It seems like I have to let him come over!"

Wang Xian looked at the scene of becoming a god in the dragon palace as his eyes sparkled.

The harvest this time was a huge boost to the Dragon Palace.

At least three to four more members with the combat strength of the godly state could be added!