Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1936: 1936 upgrade

Ao crab's mutation and upgrade, the corpses of four godly state experts, and a huge amount of resources.

Wang Xian did not expect to gain such a huge harvest from this attack on the ancient land of darkness.

"Let's Go!"

He looked at the surrounding disciples of the Dragon Palace and Xiao ran and the rest as he said faintly.

"It's Master!"

Xiao ran nodded immediately.

The surrounding disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy also came to their senses and bowed slightly.

They scanned their surroundings, their eyes filled with surprise.

Just a moment ago, they were still inside the dark divine kingdom, but now, the entire dark divine kingdom had disappeared, making them extremely shocked.

Everyone present had a new understanding of the Dragon King!

Invincible!

True invincibility. Even the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace did not think so after witnessing the current Dragon King.

Perhaps even the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were not a match for the Dragon King!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and instantly arrived in front of the villa in Jiang City.

"Qitian, go and call ao crab and the members of the Dragon Palace who have the strength of the godly state over!"

He said to Ao Qitian directly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao qitian nodded and rushed into the Dragon Palace immediately.

"It's time to raise my strength!"

Wang Xian looked at the resources in his interspatial ring and smiled.

It had been less than a year since he came to Earth, yet he was able to raise his strength by one level. This was something he had never expected!

He took out the elixirs in his interspatial ring as well as other resources that could be converted into dragon energy and poured them into his mouth.

Sitting cross-legged at the top of the villa, Wang Xian was digesting all sorts of resources in large mouthfuls.

Boom

When the various resources were almost depleted, a powerful pressure was emitted from his body.

Roar

Wang Xian let out a low roar and transformed into his dragon form.

His body gradually grew bigger. The seven-colored radiance looked vibrant even in the dark night.

The Tough Dragon Scales and the majestic dragon head emitted a terrifying pressure.

Wang Xian used the perspective of the Divine Wind Dragon Avatar to observe his divine dragon body.

Compared to the divine wind dragon body that was more than 2,000 meters long condensed by Song Li, Wang Xian's dragon body that was more than 5,000 meters long was more majestic and sacred.

After all, as an existence with seven attributes merged into one, his current form had already surpassed the previous Divine Dragon Race!

"Ding! Congratulations on your upgrade!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level nine longevity (the fourth transformation of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 1335421/50000000

Divine ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Divine ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Domain: Divine Shadow Dragon Kingdom

Dragon Palace: Level 5.

Members of Dragon Palace: 25433

"Just one more step and I'll be able to light the fire!"

Wang Xian looked at his own attributes, eyes flashing luster, after upgrading his strength will be comparable to the four wisps of Divine Fire God.

"And doppelgangers..."

He looked at the avatar of the dragon beside him.

Having a doppelganger is a very strange feeling, this doppelganger every move, he can control.

It was as if he had split his thoughts into two halves. The clone was him, and he was also the clone.

The upgrade of the clone also requires some dragon qi. If it wasn't for Song Li who was courting death..

Wang Xian sensed the strength of the clone and shook his head slightly.

The clone only possessed the wind attribute. Naturally, it couldn't be as overpowered as Wang Xian.

However, it was comparable to an ordinary god of three wisps of divine fire.

Wang Xian had originally planned to let the group of True Dragon's sons of Heaven improve a little. After all, as fallen gods, they could improve their strength very quickly.

Unfortunately, Song Li was courting death. He could only take his life.

Although the improvement of the doppelganger consumed a lot of resources, one doppelganger was equivalent to one life after all.

Even if he was killed and didn't need the revival of the Dragon Palace, he could still continue to survive as a doppelganger.

In a certain sense, there wasn't much difference between the doppelganger and the main body.

Rumble

At this moment, a mournful cry came from the west. Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly.

"TSK TSK TSK, you bunch of trash from the pyramid still want to attack our dark divine kingdom? You're courting death!"

A voice filled with brutality and violence resounded through the entire world.

This voice caused countless people's faces to reveal expressions of shock in the dark night.

However, compared to the past, the people on Earth had clearly adapted a lot!

However, the sorrowful wails of Heaven and earth still caused quite a stir.

"Another God has fallen. Hiss, now even gods aren't safe!"

"A group of gods from the pyramid faction? This tyrannical voice sounds so familiar? It seems to be that youth with the darkness attribute who obtained the Dragon Soul!"

Everyone was discussing. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In the sky above a dark ancient land in the west, a three-kilometer-long gigantic demonic dragon was swaying its savage face as it stared at the four figures in front of it in a bloody manner.

Beside the Demonic Dragon, five demonic beasts that were similarly emitting a terrifying and sinister aura were staring at the four wretched figures.

"Damn it, that Devil Dragon is from the Dark Association. He actually obtained the Dragon Soul and ordered a group of sinister-looking figures!"

The expressions of the four pyramid gods changed as they stared at the Devil Dragon and the group of sinister-looking figures. Their expressions were extremely ugly.

Not only had their pyramid faction lost their gods, but they had also lost two of them.

One of them was in the god country of darkness, so it didn't cause any changes in the world.

The fall of two gods was a huge blow to the pyramid faction.

In particular, they were locked onto by six powerful god-level experts!

"Let's go back to the pyramid. We have a formation there, so they don't dare to rush over!"

A middle-aged man in the middle growled with a gloomy face and immediately turned around to escape.

"You want to escape? Hoho, I said it back then. You guys are useless!"

The Demonic Dragon's wild laughter rang out, causing the four gods of the pyramid faction to look extremely embarrassed.

"Hehe, it seems that this fellow is doing the best among the true dragon's sons of Heaven!"

Wang Xian's mind moved slightly. He looked at everything in front of him with the demonic dragon's perspective. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"Let's keep going. One day, this earth will be the same as the previous Earth. It will belong to the same era!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly as a strong sense of confidence shot out from his eyes.

That era would be the era that everyone was familiar with, the era of the Dragon King!

At the same time, AO qitian, Ao Yao, ao crab, Mu Zesen, and Ao Fenghuang (the leader of the Mount Division) appeared at the entrance where Earth was connected to the transcendence continent!

The leaders of the Dragon Palace arrived one after another!