Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1937: Templar 1937

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At the top of the villa in Jiang City, Ao Yao, Mu Zesen, and the others appeared in front of Wang Xian and greeted him respectfully.

At this moment, each of them was exuding a powerful aura and confidence.

Wang Xian sized up ao crab who was standing in the middle. His eyes were sparkling.

He was clad in khaki armor. He was two meters tall and had eight arms.

This was his human form.

When he reached the godly state, he would have the ability to transform. However, it was clear that ao crab looked a little fierce after his transformation.

"Dragon King!"

When he saw Wang Xian sizing him up, ao crab grinned and revealed rows of sharp teeth.

"Not bad!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile. His face was filled with satisfaction.

Ao Crab's improvement this time had exceeded his expectations.

There were two existences in the Dragon Palace who had ignited the divine fire. One of them was Ao Xingmu, and the other was ao crab.

Ao crab's strength was much weaker compared to AO xingmu. Currently, he could only fight one level above him.

However, there were about 30,000 little crabs in his body.

These little crabs had the strength of a level four demigod!

The little crabs also had the strength to fight above their level and could fight against a rank five demigod!

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace, except for Prime Minister Gui and Ao Yecha, who had the combat strength of a deity, who did not come, everyone else had come!

Including the clones, there were a total of 11 experts with the combat strength of a deity.

"Qitian, take ao crab and the others to that place in the dark ancient land. Ao crab, put the divine kingdom there. You guys stay there for the time being!"

"Ao Yao, go familiarize yourself with the current Earth. Also, enter some of the ancient lands of darkness and check out the strength of the demons in these ancient lands of darkness. Be careful!"

Wang Xian ordered Ao Qitian and Ao Yao.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace nodded and left in an instant.

"Currently, there are thirteen ancient lands of darkness in various parts of the Earth. One of them has been destroyed by the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace, another one has been occupied by the demonic dragon, and another one has been destroyed by me. There are still ten more!"

Wang Xian muttered in his heart.

He had gained so much from destroying one ancient land of darkness. Naturally, he had to look at the rest of the ancient lands of darkness.

However, Ji Lingfei had only told him some information about the ancient lands of Darkness Yesterday. He still needed ao Yaoyao to investigate other places.

After returning to his room, Wang Xian took out his phone and took a look.

The matter of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the pyramid's two major forces battling the ancient lands of darkness had already spread like wildfire.

Especially the matter of the pyramid gods being chased by the powerful Yao Xie within the ancient lands of darkness, it caused everyone to be extremely shocked.

The entire internet was discussing this matter.

At the same time, when people learned that the Devil Dragon was a true dragon's son of heaven, they were also extremely shocked.

Towards a true dragon's son of heaven and Yao Xie's group, everyone's expressions didn't look good.

At the same time, everyone witnessed the true dragon's son of Heaven's strength.

His terrifying divine dragon body had the strength to easily fight against opponents of a higher level.

"That demonic dragon is so terrifying, even the Dragon King can't compare to it, right?"

"After all, the Dragon King hasn't ignited the divine fire yet. As True Dragon's son of heaven, he should be much weaker!"

"The Dragon King probably needs to ignite the divine fire to be comparable to it. Unfortunately, igniting the divine fire to lift up the divine kingdom is too difficult!"

"Are the other eight sons of Heaven of the true dragons so terrifying? They have also ignited the divine fire!"

The appearance of the demonic dragon caused many people to discuss about the sons of Heaven of the true dragons.

Naturally, as the Dragon King of Earth, he received a lot of attention.

However, when everyone witnessed the terror of the demonic dragon and compared to the Dragon King, they had to admit that the Dragon King seemed to be at least a level lower than them.

The fact that he didn't ignite the divine fire was a serious injury.

Wang Xian looked at the comments on the internet and revealed a smile.

Perhaps they didn't know that the true dragon son of Heaven, Song Li, had already fallen. Furthermore, it was just a small thought of his.

"Next, I'll prepare to attack the ancient lands of Darkness One by one and let ao he take control of them!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and walked into the room to rest!

"More than a hundred thousand years ago, some of those fellows from the Association of Darkness were resurrected and even obtained the Dragon Soul!"

"The few people from the pyramid faction are in trouble. Now that the powerhouses have died one after another, it will be even more dangerous!"

At this moment, in the soaring heavens treasured palace, more than ten figures appeared in the sky. Their eyes flickered as they scanned the planet below.

Looking at the earth that was constantly changing, they frowned slightly.

The Earth's change was so great that it had completely exceeded their expectations.

The gods had returned, the True Dragon's son of heaven.

Especially those true dragon's son of heaven, now, even they were extremely troublesome to deal with.

Not to mention the Dark Association that had just appeared, the instigator of that great battle a hundred thousand years ago.

"Have those True Dragon Sons of Heaven contacted them? Are they willing to join us?"

A figure that was emitting golden divine light asked a god that looked like a young man.

"How could they agree? They've contacted a few true dragon sons of Heaven. They want us to join them and give them enough resources to recover. At that time, they'll protect us!"

The young God said indifferently.

"Protect us?"

Hearing the young God's words, the eyes of the surrounding gods turned cold. Then, they slowly fell silent.

This group of gods who had obtained dragon souls were all fallen gods. Their realms were stronger than all the gods present.

Furthermore, they had obtained Dragon Souls. Naturally, they didn't put them in their eyes.

Once they fully recovered their strength, perhaps even the Lingxiao treasured palace would be suppressed.

"The Sacred Hall has also felt the threat. Let's proceed with the alliance as soon as possible!"

A figure looked at the middle-aged man in the middle and said indifferently!

"I know. Master has already sent me a message. This matter is not a problem. We will join forces with the Sacred Hall. Within five years, as long as not all the True Dragon's sons of Heaven join forces, we will not be afraid!"

"I will go deal with the trivial matter of joining forces with the Sacred Hall First!"

As the middle-aged God spoke, his figure disappeared!

"Back then, the demonic beast that attacked our skyscraping treasured palace with two divine flames had a change in the divine kingdom. It has regained its vitality. It is suspected that the dark association has regained control over it. The process of attacking the ancient land of darkness has temporarily stopped!"

More than ten figures around saw him disappear. They looked at each other before one of them continued! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Those people from the dark association are able to communicate with Yao Xie. We really have to be careful!"

The other gods slowly nodded. The fall of the gods made them not have the domineering and invincible aura that they had when they first came to Earth.

They even needed to unite with other forces to deal with the gods that were born on Earth, the son of Heaven of the true dragon, and those Yao Xie.

"Junior sister, the matter between you and Sethi Harry has been confirmed!"

At this moment, the middle-aged God who had just left appeared behind a woman in a courtyard in the soaring heavens treasured palace.

He spoke indifferently!

When the woman heard his words, her body trembled!