Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1938: Hua Cai'er became a god in 1938

"Senior brother, what if I don't want to?"

"I don't dare to disobey master's orders. This matter isn't a bad thing for you!"

"It's not a bad thing? Using my life as a bargaining chip isn't a bad thing?"

"Junior sister, no matter what you say, this matter has already become a reality. Unless you can change master's mind, otherwise, prepare yourself!"

In a courtyard within the soaring heavens treasured palace, the middle-aged man stood beside the woman.

Their emotionless voices rang out within the room.

At this point, their voices stopped.

The woman was Ji Lingfei. At this moment, her expression was changing.

Change her master's decision?

She felt somewhat helpless. Her master would definitely not disregard the overall situation and interests just because of her disapproval!

The greater the changes on earth, the more excited the experts from the boundless star field would be. The greater the changes, the greater their final gains would be.

How could they change just because of her thoughts!

"If I can try to persuade the Dragon King to join forces with us, Can I..."

Ji lingfei bit her lips and said with some hope.

"Ally? Junior sister, do you think the Dragon King can match the Sacred Hall? Hehe, don't you understand the Dragon King's strength on Earth?"

"If he didn't have the Dragon Soul, he would only be a mortal now. Even if he has the Dragon Soul, a dragon king who hasn't ignited the divine fire, Hehe!"

The middle-aged man smiled with slight contempt.

The Dragon King's strength wasn't bad, but it also depended on who he was competing with.

Not to mention their major factions, even the other true dragon sons of Heaven couldn't be compared to the Dragon King.

How could the Lingxiao Treasured Palace take a liking to the Dragon King and ally with him.

"Also, junior sister, don't have any other thoughts, and don't make things difficult for senior brother!"

The middle-aged man said with a hint of warning in his tone.

After he finished speaking, his figure disappeared.

Hearing her senior brother's words, her face instantly turned pale.

Although she could sense that the Dragon King was mysterious and extraordinary, and that his subordinates might also be extraordinary in strength, they could not be compared to the holy church after all.

After all, the Dragon King had not lit the divine fire yet!

"Buzz Buzz!"

At this moment, the sound of a mobile phone vibrating was heard. Ji Lingfei looked at the name on it, and her face was a little powerless.

"Jin Feng!"

The middle-aged God disappeared and reappeared in the Pantheon Pavilion.

He shouted and a golden figure appeared.

"North God, what's the matter?"

The golden figure appeared and looked at the middle-aged man.

"Send someone to kill Xiao ran. Don't send the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasure Palace!"

The middle-aged God said to Jin Feng.

"Kill Xiao Ran?"

Jin feng frowned slightly. "Xiao Ran's master has the combat strength of the God realm. If Our Lingxiao Treasured Palace doesn't take action, we might have to pay a price!"

"To avoid trouble, find someone to kill him!"

The middle-aged God confirmed to Jin Feng.

"Okay, I'll ask a few divine sons of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace to contact one or two gods and pay a price to kill Xiao ran!"

Jin feng nodded.

He also knew that the alliance between the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church was basically confirmed.

At this time, there couldn't be any problems with Ji Lingfei.

As for killing Xiao ran, it was also the best choice.

Of course, Ji Lingfei absolutely couldn't know that it was the people of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace who acted, so she could only find other people.

With the Dragon King's strength and power, only godly state experts would dare to kill his disciple.

"Sister, are you ready?"

In the Amazon rainforest, there was a green world.

Giant trees that were 1,000 meters tall and more than 10 meters in diameter could be seen everywhere.

All kinds of demon beasts that evolved because of the Earth's mutation were hunting in the forest.

In the middle of the rainforest, two figures stood on two trees.

The two figures were about 1.5 meters tall and wore cute clothes. They looked like two cute little loli.

"I'm ready. Fortunately, Sister's Kingdom of God didn't fall. There are still huge resources inside!"

The two cute little girls were naturally hua'er and Cai'er.

After they returned to the Kingdom of God, having huge resources allowed their speed to increase rapidly.

In just a short period of time, their strength had reached the peak of the demigod realm.

Today, they were preparing to ignite the divine fire again.

"Alright, then let's ignite the divine fire again and lift up my God realms together!"

Cai'er said to Hua'er.

"Yes, yes!"

Hua'er nodded. "After we become gods, let's go look for that bad guy!"

Cai'er was stunned for a moment before she smiled and her body shook.

"Boom!"

A powerful aura was emitted from her body.

Hua'er's small face also became serious as her body shook.

A powerful pressure was emitted from their bodies. More than half of the trees in the Amazon rainforest bent their branches and bowed towards them.

Logically speaking, when a person became a god and lifted a divine kingdom, it was also because of the special physiques of the two girls that they could lift a divine kingdom together.

"Whoosh! Whoosh!"

When their divine kingdom was held, the star grass above their heads also bloomed with a resplendent green light.

"Weng!"

Above their heads, a wisp of sacred flame slowly rose. The palm-sized star grass slowly grew in size the instant the divine flame lit up.

"Weng!"

At the bottom of the sea, an incomparably large divine kingdom slowly rose.

A wisp of purple gas came from the east! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The wood-elemental God in the Amazon rainforest let out a joyful sound, congratulating the birth of a wood-elemental god.

Heaven and earth congratulated, flowers and trees chirped together!

When the divine kingdom slowly rose, Hua'er and Cai'er's aura rose to its peak.

"Oh? Another person has become a god!"

"A wood-elemental God, what a majestic aura. Come, let's go take a look!"

The unification of Earth and land caused a huge change in the position of the Fire God Palace!

The Fire God Palace was 5,000 to 6,000 kilometers away from the Amazon rainforest.

A few of the Fire God Palace's gods saw the change in heaven and earth and their eyes lit up. They immediately flew over.

"Someone has become a god. Let's go and take a look!"

Over 10,000 kilometers away, the two youths looked at each other and immediately teleported over.

Some ordinary people also noticed the birth of a god in the Amazon rainforest, but they didn't dare to go over. They could only watch from afar.

"Buzz!"

Under the divine kingdom that was made up of divine trees, Hua'er and Cai'er experienced the baptism of the divine fire.

Their bodies slowly grew larger, reaching a height of more than 1.6 meters. Their faces looked like sixteen or seventeen-year-old girls.

Below the two of them, countless trees were holding them. Around them, hundreds of flowers bloomed.

"Success!"

Slowly, they looked at each other and smiled.