Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1939: 1939 was injured

"I've finally recovered some of my strength, but we're still a little too young!"

In the sky above the Amazon rainforest, Hua'er looked at her own body and was slightly dissatisfied.

Her current appearance, which was that of a sixteen or seventeen-year-old little girl, made her slightly unhappy.

She was once a big girl!

"At least it's much better than a child's body!"

Cai'er did not care too much and her face was full of smiles.

"Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the two star grass on the divine kingdom moved slightly and flew towards them.

"Star, Chen Chen, looks like your strength has increased a lot!"

Hua'er looked at the two star grass and smiled as she reached out to take one.

"Bzz bzz!"

The two star grass trembled. They were dark green and filled with powerful life force.

This time, they ignited the divine fire and improved the two star grass.

Now, two stars could kill two divine fire god realm experts.

"Someone is coming!"

Suddenly, Cai'er looked to the side warily. With a wave of her arm, the divine kingdom appeared behind them.

"I didn't expect that two beauties would light the divine fire here and become gods!"

A rough voice was heard. Then, three figures covered in flames appeared in their line of sight.

The leader was a middle-aged man. Flames were rising above his head, and his body was filled with a destructive aura.

"The throne of the Fire God Palace?"

Cai'er glanced at the three God realm experts of the Fire God Palace who had suddenly appeared. She squinted her eyes and said indifferently.

"Ladies, you have sharp eyes. I'm Sui Xin Huo of the Fire God Palace. Even in the endless star area, I'm a Big Force!"

"I just sensed that you two ladies have lit the divine fire. I wonder if you two ladies are interested in joining us. We will create a divine seat for you two ladies in the Palace!"

Sui Xin Huo looked at Hua'er and Cai'er, his eyes sparkling.

The two figures beside him also sized up Hua'er and Cai'er.

If they remembered correctly, all the gods who had lit up the divine fire recently had no female gods, and they were such young and beautiful goddesses.

The two girls in front of them looked to be sixteen or seventeen years old. Their bodies were spotlessly clean, and they were perfect goddesses. Even they couldn't help but take a few more glances at them.

They even thought that they would eventually become God lovers with them in the future!

"Humph, I'm sorry, we're not interested in joining!"

Hua'er felt their gazes and snorted lightly as she said coldly.

This group of Stinky Men! Their gazes were all so wretched!

"Hehe, two beauties, I don't know if you have understood the recent situation on Earth. With the two of you having just ignited the divine fire, it's not very safe!"

"Our Fire God Palace's strength is enough to protect the two of you and allow you to completely return to your former peak!"

Suixin huo frowned slightly and then continued with a smile.

"No Need!"

Cai'er coldly shook her head and directly refused.

Cai'er's refusal once again caused the smiles on the faces of the Fire God Palace's three people to completely disappear!

"Two beauties, why don't you go to Our Fire God Palace and take a look before making a decision?"

Suixin Huo was slightly unwilling to accept this and continued to invite them.

"There's no need. Sister, let's Go!"

Hua'er glanced at them and rejected them with slight disdain.

"Boss, look at their divine kingdom!"

At this moment, the middle-aged man beside Suixin Huo suddenly looked at the divine kingdom behind Hua'er and Cai'er and said with a face full of surprise.

"Oh?"

Suixinhuo was slightly stunned. He looked over and then widened his eyes!

"A divine kingdom made of divine wood, this..."

Suixinhuo's expression changed slightly as he sensed the massive aura coming from the wood-elemental divine kingdom behind them.

A hint of greed flashed in his eyes as he exchanged glances with the two people beside him.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

They moved and instantly appeared around Hua'er and surrounded her.

"Eh? What are you doing?"

When Cai'er saw their expressions, a cold expression appeared in her eyes.

"I want to invite the two beauties to sit in our Fire God Palace!"

Suixin Huo narrowed his eyes and said to them.

"I think you are courting death!"

Hua'er looked at the three of them surrounding them. She, who had a bad temper, stared at them with a cold expression and shouted loudly.

"Hehe, two beauties, Earth is dangerous. I advise you to join our Fire God Palace, or else..."

The middle-aged man on the right laughed as he stared at Hua'er and Cai'er, his eyes flashing with lust and greed.

The other two middle-aged men laughed. They looked at the divine kingdom built by the divine tree behind them, their eyes burning with passion.

Building a divine kingdom with the divine tree was such a luxury.

In the universe, the strong ruled. It was normal to kill and steal.

When they sensed the vastness of the divine kingdom, they made a decision in their hearts.

Facing the two gods who had just lit the divine fire, even if they were once fallen gods, with their strength, they could easily take them down!

"Just nice, we'll use you to test our strength!"

Cai Er looked at the greed in their eyes, and a trace of killing intent appeared in her eyes.

She and Hua er looked at each other!

Weng Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The two of them did not hesitate at all. Although they were once the little princesses of their families, after experiencing that great battle, they also knew the cruelty of the universe.

They were not afraid of fighting and killing.

Weng

Just as they were about to make a move, with a thought, the star grass above their heads trembled slightly, and as if it was tearing through the void, it attacked the two middle-aged men from the Fire God Palace.

"Pu Pu!"

The two gods from the Fire God Palace were slightly startled when the star grass appeared in front of them.

"Oh no, I was careless!"

Their expressions changed drastically, and they instantly felt their breathing stop!

They had already ignited two wisps of divine fire. In their opinion, there was no need to use all of their strength when facing two girls who had just ignited divine fire!

Not to mention that there was a god beside them who had ignited three wisps of divine fire!

However, it was already too late!

"Pu Pu!"

Two piercing sounds rang out, and they felt the life force in their bodies instantly dissipate!

"Peng Peng!"

In an instant, their eyes widened, and their corpses directly fell downwards.

"What?"

"How is this possible!"

"You!"

At this moment, suixin Huo's expression changed drastically, and his eyes slowly turned blood-red.

A violent power of fire emanated from his body, and the terrifying pressure caused the surrounding trees to quickly wither.

"I want you all to Die!"

An incomparably violent voice came out of his mouth, and the position of God of the three wisps of divine fire was revealed without a doubt.

"Not good!"

Hua'er and Cai'er felt its powerful might, and their expressions changed slightly.

"Tree world!"

The two of them waved their arms, and countless towering trees directly attacked suixin fire.