Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1940: 1940 was injured

"Boom!"

"Two fellows who have just ignited the divine fire dare to kill my people and the people of our fire God Palace. I will capture you and make you slaves!"

Violent Flames rose up in the Amazon rainforest. The destructive attack directly caused all the trees that were attacking the fire god Palace to explode.

"Whoosh!"

At this moment, two star grass attacked him at a terrifying speed!

"Roar, they want to Ambush Me!"

Suixin Huo looked at the star grass in front of him, his eyes bloodshot.

They had never imagined that these two women, who had just ignited their divine flames, would possess such a terrifying weapon.

The two strange grass instantly killed two gods!

Boom

Suixin Huo's expression was incomparably berserk. He extended his arm, and a flame shield appeared in his hand, striking directly at the stellar grass.

The enormous collision caused the two stellar grass to curl up and fly backwards.

Weng Weng

They let out a mournful cry and returned to Hua'er's head.

"Not good, sister. We Aren't his match!"

Hua'er's expression changed drastically as she said to Cai'er in panic.

"Mu Zang!"

Cai'er gritted her teeth as the trees within a thousand kilometer radius flew up and smashed towards the flame.

"Go!"

The two looked at each other and quickly entered the divine kingdom, directly entering the underground!

"Don't even think about escaping!"

A violent roar sounded. The moment they entered the underground, a fireball that was like a meteorite landed on them.

"Pu Pu!"

Hua'er, who was in the Kingdom of God, spat out a mouthful of blood. Her face turned pale.

"Ya Ya Ya, just you wait. I'll beat you to death in the future!"

Hua'er roared angrily!

"Control the Kingdom of God and avoid his pursuit!"

Cai'er said quickly.

"Yes, Sister!"

Hua'er became serious and quickly controlled the Kingdom of God to escape into the distance.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, from the sky, sounds of extremely violent attacks came from above.

Hua'er and Cai'er's faces trembled as they continuously spat out blood!

"Bzzz! bzzz!"

The entire Kingdom of God released a powerful life force to resist the burning flames!

"Damn it, damn it, you two little girls, Get Out Here!"

In the sky, suixinhuo roared furiously. His attacks were like meteors falling from the sky. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

At this moment, he could no longer sense Hua Cai'er's aura. This made him extremely furious!

"Hiss! Those two girls are so powerful. They actually ambushed and killed two godly state experts of the Fire God Palace in an instant!"

"That expert of the Fire God Palace has already ignited three wisps of divine fire. He's much stronger than us!"

At this moment, thousands of kilometers away, two young gods were looking at this scene with faces full of shock.

"However, those two goddesses who have just ignited the divine fire are so beautiful. This is a true goddess. If I had such a divine companion, how many would it be!"

A young God's eyes flickered as he spoke.

"Just think about it. The other party's strength is much stronger than yours!"

The other smiled faintly and said.

"Oh?"

Suddenly, the two young gods who were conversing moved slightly and hurriedly looked forward.

In their line of sight, the two women who had fought with the Fire God Palace were four to five thousand meters in front of them.

The two of them were obviously injured.

"A hero saving a damsel in distress?"

They looked at each other, and a burning look flashed across their eyes.

Their Hearts moved, and they immediately flew toward Hua er Cai'er.

"Who is it?"

Hua Er Cai'er sensed a strange aura, and she immediately looked back cautiously.

"Don't worry, beautiful ladies. We mean no harm. I'm Shui Shaoyuan!"

"I'm Chang Yangxia!"

A burning look flashed across Shui Shaoyuan's and Chang Yangxia's eyes. They cupped their hands and showed a smile that they thought was kind!

"We were attracted by the battle here. With our strength, we are no match for the two ladies!"

"Besides, we are not from the Fire God Palace!"

The two of them said with a smile.

Hua'er and Cai'er glanced at them warily. Their eyes were still cold!

"Ladies, why don't I bring you two to a safe place to recover?"

"It's not too safe around here!"

Shui Shaoyuan saw their wary expressions and said with a smile.

"Don't even think about escaping!"

At this moment, a violent and majestic roar suddenly came from behind, causing Hua'er Cai'er's expression to change slightly!

"Alright!"

The two of them looked at each other and immediately nodded.

They could sense the other party's strength. With the power of the star grass, they were completely capable of killing the other party. They were not afraid that the other party would have any ill intentions!

"Alright, then two ladies, let's go to our Divine Mountain and hide for a while!"

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia's eyes lit up with joy. With a wave of their arms, the four of them instantly disappeared.

"Eastern, True Spirit Sect?"

When the two of them brought them to the east, Hua'er and Cai'er looked at each other and at the Divine Mountain in front of them.

"True Spirit sect is a small faction that I've casually established. This mountain belongs to the Divine Mountain. Whether it's cultivation or recovery, it's more than ten times faster than the outside world!"

"The two beauties can rest in peace here. We've set up a formation here. Ordinary Gods can't break in!"

Shui Shaoyuan said with a smile.

"Thank you. We need to recover from our injuries now!"

Cai'er said with a faint nod.

"Come, two ladies. You can cultivate on the peak of the mountain!"

Shui Shaoyuan smiled and brought them to the peak of the mountain.

"Thank you. I hope that you will not disturb us for the time being. We will repay you when we recover!"

Cai'er responded to them.

"No need, no need. You can tell us directly if you need anything!"

Shui Shaoyuan shook his head with a smile.

Hua'er and Cai'er looked at each other and sat cross-legged on the peak of the mountain. A green light barrier enveloped them.

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia looked at each other and went straight to one of the peaks of the Divine Mountain.

"TSK tsk, can we be considered Lucky in love? Haha!"

After entering the room, Chang Yangxia could not help but laugh. His eyes sparkled. "This pair of sisters are really beautiful!"

"The other party is so strong just after igniting the divine fire. His realm must have been very high before he died. Let's not talk about anything else now. If we can keep him with us, the four of us working together will have a stronger trump card!"

Shui Shaoyuan narrowed his eyes slightly and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "It's a combination of men and women. Isn't it tiring to work?"

"Hahaha!"

Chang Yangxia laughed loudly when he heard his words.

"It would be great if we could completely control them!"

Suddenly, Shui Shaoyuan said something.

Chang Yangxia was slightly stunned. He rolled his eyes and slowly shook his head. "After all, the other party is a god, and she's so powerful!"

"Lord Water God, the first divine son of Lingxiao Palace is here to pay his respects!"