Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1941: Xiao ran’s death in 1941

"The number one divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia were slightly stunned when they heard the report from their subordinates outside.

"Why is the number one divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace looking for you?"

Chang Yangxia looked at Shui Shaoyuan and asked with a slight frown.

"I don't know. Last time, they wanted to recruit me, but I directly rejected them. Hehe, the strongest person in the Lingxiao treasured palace only lit five wisps of divine fire, and they actually want me to bow down to them!"

Shui Shaoyuan said coldly.

"Let him in!"

He sent a voice transmission to the outside.

"Yes!"

"Greetings, Lord Water God!"

A few minutes later, a dignified man walked over, cupped his hands, and looked at Chang Yangxia, who was slightly stunned, and said respectfully.

"You came to find me on behalf of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Shui Shaoyuan sat on the chair and asked the young man directly.

"Yes, this is the information of our Lord Golden God. Please take a look!"

The first divine son nodded respectfully and handed over an item.

Shui Shaoyuan took it and was slightly stunned when he heard the information inside.

"You asked me to kill the disciple of the Dragon King, Xiao ran. interesting. A disciple of the son of Heaven of the True Dragon. This reward is not bad!"

Shui Shaoyuan was slightly stunned when he saw the information inside.

"However, killing the disciple of the Dragon King will make the Dragon King a mortal enemy. It's not worth it!"

He said faintly and shook his head.

Although the Dragon King did not ignite the divine fire, his current strength was not much weaker than his.

It was not worth it to fight to the death for some treasures!

After all, a son of Heaven of a true dragon still had to be taken seriously, even if the other party was the only one who did not ignite the divine fire!

"Lord Water God can completely act in secret. If he kills a mortal, then the chances of the Dragon King knowing will be very, very small!"

The first divine son frowned slightly when he heard his words and said from the side.

If the water god in front of him refused, he didn't even know which deity realm expert he should look for.

The first divine clan's eldest young master he looked for was directly rejected, and now he was actually rejected.

He was just a dragon king who had yet to ignite the divine fire. What was there to be afraid of?

"If your Lingxiao Treasured Palace can take out two soul binding pearls, then we will agree. At that time, water god and I will attack together and we will definitely kill Xiao ran!"

Suddenly, Chang Yangxia, who was sitting at the side, stood up and said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Eh?"

Shui Shaoyuan was slightly stunned when he heard him speak, and then his eyes shone.

"That's right. As long as you can take out two soul binding pearls, we will kill even the disciples of the other true dragon son of Heaven!"

Shui Shaoyuan also stood up and stared at the first divine son.

"Soul binding pearls?"

The first divine son was slightly stunned. "I will report to our Lord God Now!"

"Okay, report immediately. We only have one condition!"

Shui Shaoyuan waved his hand, and the first divine son was directly teleported outside!

"If we can get the soul binding pearl, we can..."

Seeing the first divine son disappear, Chang Yangxia growled with some excitement in his eyes.

"As long as we get the soul binding pearl, we'll have a chance to completely subdue those two beauties!"

Shui Shaoyuan was also excited.

The soul binding pearl could bind a person's body. It was a great threat even to godly state experts.

Although it was not 100% binding, it was a very good weapon to subdue subordinates and other gods!

With the soul binding Pearl and some of their methods, they were confident that they could subdue those two ladies!

For this, so what if they offended the Dragon King?

He did not dare to offend them alone, but with Chang Yangxia joining in, with their combined strength, the Dragon King might not be their match!

Moreover, the two women were with them now. Even if they did not subdue them, if the Dragon King came to take revenge, it should not be a problem to ask the two women to help them kill the Dragon King!

The danger was not great!

It was totally worth the risk!

The reward just now was not worth it for them. The soul binding bead was totally worth it!

The two looked at each other and looked outside. Their eyes were shining.

"My Lords, the god of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall has agreed to your conditions. The two soul binding beads will be delivered soon!"

Not long after, the first divine son of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall walked in and said!

"Okay, we will kill Xiao ran within ten hours after we receive the soul binding bead!"

A smile flashed across Shui Shaoyuan's eyes as he immediately said.

"Yes!"

The first divine son of the Lingxiao treasured palace nodded and left with cupped hands.

"Haha, now we have to think of a way to put the soul binding bead into their bodies. It seems that we have to gain the other party's Trust!"

The two of them looked at each other and could not help but laugh.

"Sister, those two guys don't look like good people either. Mother used to say that men are all bad. It seems like it's true!"

At this moment, at the top of the Divine Mountain, Hua er said to her sister. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"If you're trying to curry favor for no reason, you're either evil or stealing. After we recover, let's go find him directly!"

"Yeah, that bad guy is not bad!"

The two of them conversed and slowly closed their eyes.

Little did they know that they had been schemed against!

"What's wrong with your brother? His eyes are a little red and he's still in a trance!"

The next morning, in Jiang City, Wang Xian was eating his breakfast calmly. He glanced at Xiao ran who had left early and asked Liu Mengxin.

"Teacher, my brother is heartbroken!"

Liu Mengxin looked at her brother's back and said in a low voice, "I don't know why, but sister Ji Lingfei didn't come back after she went to the Lingxiao Palace!"

"After my brother called her yesterday, he was in a Daze!"

"Heartbroken?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He raised his eyebrows and said, "Shouldn't she be? Isn't Ji Lingfei interested in Xiao ran? In the beginning, she was the one who followed Xiao ran willingly!"

"I don't know either. Sister Ji Lingfei probably wouldn't, but..."

Liu mengxin frowned with a distressed expression.

Wang Xian's gaze flickered slightly. He looked in the direction of the Ling Xiao Palace and didn't say anything.

Naturally, it was better for them to settle the matter of their disciples themselves!

"Sigh!"

At this moment, Xiao Ran, who had teleported to the central office of Longmen Academy, Sighed silently.

He looked at everything in the room and at the now empty table.

His body trembled. He quietly walked over and slowly landed on the table. He touched everything on the table and closed his eyes slightly!

"This is that Xiao Ran?"

"There should be no mistake. Chop off his head!"

At this moment, two voices suddenly sounded in the room.

Xiao suddenly opened his eyes, but just then, he saw a palm chopping towards his head.