Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1942: 1942 slaughter of gods and extermination of sects 1

"PFFT!"

In the Quiet Office of Longmen Academy, a piercing sound was heard.

Xiao ran widened his eyes. His pupils were filled with fear as he stared at the two figures in front of him. However, at this moment, time was frozen.

Death was approaching. In just a split second, a head was removed!

"There aren't any traces left behind. Then the Dragon King shouldn't be able to find out what we did. Let's Go!"

Shui Shaoyuan glanced at the corpse on the ground indifferently. His figure moved, and the two disappeared.

Soon, the two figures appeared in the void. They threw the head in their hands toward the first divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

"Mission accomplished!"

The two people said indifferently and disappeared in an instant.

"You want to lay your hands on goddess Ji Lingfei? Don't you know your own strength and background? You really don't know death. If it weren't for the next thing, I would have killed you easily!"

The first divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace looked at the head in his hand. After confirming it, he casually threw it away.

The head fell from tens of thousands of meters in the sky and directly fell into the ocean below.

"AH, dean! Dean!"

"Not good! The dean was killed! The dean was killed!"

An hour later, an exclamation sounded in Longmen Academy.

In the Dean's Office of Longmen Academy, a group of disciples from Longmen Academy rushed over. When they saw the corpses in the room, their faces were filled with shock.

"Who dares to kill Dean Xiao? Dean Xiao is the disciple of the Dragon King!"

"Dean Xiao was actually killed. Oh My God, immediately report to the Dragon King, immediately report to the Dragon King!"

Cries of surprise rang out from the disciples of Longmen Academy.

The death of their dean was a huge blow to the entire Dragon Gate Academy.

The news of Dean Xiao's death quickly spread to the entire Dragon Gate Academy. When all the students received the news, their faces were filled with shock.

Dean Xiao was actually dead. The founder of the Dragon Gate Academy was actually assassinated in his office!

All the students'faces turned pale as they discussed in fear!

Boom

In the villa by the sea, Wang Xian was giving Liu mengxin some pointers on cultivation matters at the top of the villa.

When he received this news, his expression changed slightly.

"Teacher, what happened to you?"

Liu Mengxin sensed the drastic change in Wang Xian's aura and asked immediately.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian's expression turned cold slowly. With a wave of his arm, he led Liu Mengxin directly to Xiao ran's office!

"Huh?"

Ao Jian, who was standing at the side, felt Wang Xian's anger and was slightly shocked.

His figure moved and followed behind.

Buzz

Wang Xian's figure appeared in the office of Longmen Academy.

"Dragon King!"

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw the Dragon King who appeared out of thin air. They quickly bowed.

"Dragon King, Xiao ran..."

A drakonid said to Wang Xian with an extremely embarrassed expression!

"Ah, brother!"

"Brother!"

At the side, when Liu Mengxin saw the corpse on the ground, her body staggered and tears flowed down instantly. She pounced over in grief.

Wang Xian looked at the corpse on the ground and scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes.

Other than two faint footprints, there were no other traces!

"All of you, Get Out!"

Wang Xian said to everyone in the room with a gloomy face.

"Yes, it's the Dragon King!"

The surrounding air was almost frozen. Everyone immediately nodded respectfully and walked outside.

"Wu Wu, teacher, brother, brother, brother, he..." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Liu Mengxin was crying bitterly and her body was trembling!

Wang Xian squatted down and patted her shoulder gently!

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao Jian's figure appeared. Looking at the headless corpse on the ground, his expression changed slightly.

"Ao Jian, make a trip back to the Dragon Palace. Bring the soul-returning embryo from the ancestral tree and bring some resources over!"

Wang Xian's face was solemn as he ordered Ao jian.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao jian nodded immediately and disappeared!

"Mengxin, don't cry. Don't worry, I'm Here!"

He patted the heartbroken Liu Mengxin and said gently.

"Teacher, brother, is there really any hope? Teacher, I beg you, SOB SOB!"

She looked at Wang Xian with a sob.

"No problem. Don't worry, I'm Here!"

Wang Xian nodded at her and stood up slowly. He stared coldly at Xiao ran's headless corpse. His eyes were filled with endless coldness!

If it weren't for the two soul-returning fruits in the Dragon Palace, Xiao ran wouldn't have been saved by the immortals and gods this time. He would definitely die.

He wasn't a member of the Dragon Palace to begin with. If he died, it meant that he was dead!

"To be able to kill Xiao ran in such a secretive manner, only peak-stage demigod and godly state experts can do it!"

"Furthermore, I didn't even see any traces of the yin-yang and five-elemental dragon eyes. He must be a godly state expert. Two godly state experts came to assassinate a mortal?"

Wang Xian's eyes were extremely cold as he kept thinking.

To be able to use a godly state expert to kill a mortal, how much hatred was this?

Ever since he came to Earth, the only godly state experts that he had offended were the pyramid faction.

Now that the pyramid faction was greatly weakened, it was impossible for them to send two gods to kill a mere disciple of his.

However, if it had nothing to do with him, who would spend such a huge amount of effort to assassinate a mortal!

"Ji Lingfei? Ling Xiao Palace?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

Ji Lingfei had suddenly returned to Ling Xiao Palace, and now she was suddenly heartbroken.

Was it the background behind Ji Lingfei? Ling Xiao Palace?

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

"If it really is Ling Xiao Palace, just you wait!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he stood there and waited quietly.

Liu Mengxin stood at the side with a lump in her throat.

Time passed slowly. At this moment, the news of Xiao Ran's death on the internet had caused a huge sensation.

Xiao ran was the founder of the Dragon Gate Academy. Currently, the Dragon Gate Academy was the number one academy in the world, the leader of all the academies.

His only disciple, the Dragon King, had the Dragon King's backing. He could be considered to have a deep background.

However, today, he was found dead in the Dragon Gate Academy by the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy, and his head was beheaded.

"Dean Xiao ran was actually assassinated, this... this is simply too terrifying!"

"The founder of the Dragon Gate Academy was assassinated, is the Dragon Gate Academy going to be finished!"

"I don't know who did it, but they actually dared to kill the disciple of the Dragon King!"

"With the rise of all the gods on Earth and all the Sons of Heaven of the true dragons, there should be many people who dare to offend the Dragon King. After all, the Dragon King hasn't ignited the divine fire yet!"

"Those who dare to assassinate the disciple of the Dragon King should not be afraid of the Dragon King!"

Countless people were talking about the assassination of Xiao ran, and everyone was waiting for the Dragon King's reaction.

There were all kinds of discussions on the internet, and all the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy were in a state of Panic!

"Dragon King, the soul-returning embryo is here, and there are also some resources!"

An hour later, Ao Jian returned!