Chapter 1943: 1943 slaughter of gods and extermination of sects 2

Soul-returning embryo: absorb the souls of the dead and revive them!

Soul-returning embryo. It was a very short introduction, but its effect was heaven-defying!

Revive the dead!

Wang Xian took the soul-returning embryo handed over by Ao Jian and crushed it directly.

A type of information appeared in his mind. Following the information, Wang Xian's mind moved slightly.

The crushed soul-returning embryo was emitting a mysterious power that enveloped Xiao ran's corpse!

Sensing this mysterious power, Wang Xian slowly closed his eyes.

Buzz

At the bottom of the sea, thousands of kilometers away, a head was suddenly enveloped by a mysterious energy.

Slowly, the head disappeared in an instant.

In the office of the Dean of Longmen Academy, Xiao Ran's head appeared out of thin air on his body.

The mysterious power of the soul-returning embryo completely enveloped him.

"Brother!"

Liu Mengxin covered her mouth slightly when she saw this scene. Her face was filled with excitement.

Her eyes were filled with disbelief.

Wang Xian did not show any signs of surprise when he saw this scene.

However, it would still take a few days for him to completely recover.

His palm landed on Xiao Ran's head.

"Xiao ran!"

With a thought, he shouted in his mind!

"Master, am I dead? where is this place?"

A confused voice entered his mind.

"To be exact, you were killed. Do you know the person who killed you?"

Wang Xian heard his voice and asked directly.

"Master, I only saw two figures at that time. They were somewhat familiar. They... They seemed to be gods. I didn't have the slightest ability to resist them!"

"Master, am I Dead Now?"

Xiao ran replied.

"Describe the figures of the two of them. Rest for a few days and you will wake up in a few days. Don't be anxious!"

Wang Xian comforted him.

"It's Master!"

Xiao ran replied and quickly described the figures of the two of them.

Wang Xian stood up and waved his hand. Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia appeared in the void of the office.

"Find out who these two figures are. They should be godly state experts!"

Wang Xian said to Liu Mengxin who was beside him.

"It's Master!"

Liu Mengxin nodded immediately and took out her phone to check on the internet.

80% of the gods who ignited the godly fire could find pictures of them on the Internet.

"Teacher, I found one. That figure is known as the water god. He used to be the second most favored person on the prodigy roll. Now, he has ignited the godly fire!"

"A month ago, he broke through to the godly state. The True Spirit sect was founded by him!"

"As for the other figure, there is no information about him on the internet. Teacher, did they harm my brother?"

Very soon, Liu Mengxin found a piece of information and asked Wang Xian.

"Where is the true spirit sect?"

Wang Xian nodded slowly. His eyes were sparkling with a cold glint.

"Teacher, the true spirit sect is now occupying the Divine Mountain, the Yellow Mountain!"

"The Yellow Mountain?"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at Ao Jian. "Call Ao Qitian and the rest over!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao jian nodded immediately.

"True Spirit sect? Water God? Xiao ran didn't offend them. Why did the two gods come to assassinate him?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. He initially thought that this matter was done by the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, but he didn't expect it to not be the case!

"No matter who he is, he will have to pay the price of blood for killing the disciple of my Dragon King!"

A hint of viciousness flashed across Wang Xian's eyes. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Mengxin, take care of your brother First!"

He spoke to Liu Mengxin and walked out slowly.

"Dragon King!"

At the entrance, all the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy were guarding outside. When they saw the Dragon King coming out, they shouted respectfully.

"Everything will be the same here at the Dragon Gate Academy. I'm Here!"

He spoke indifferently and walked straight out.

"It's the Dragon King!"

When all the disciples of Dragon Gate Academy heard this, they heaved a sigh of relief.

If the Dragon King did not care about Dragon Gate Academy, the entire Dragon Gate Academy would be finished!

Sensing the murderous aura from the Dragon King, everyone felt a chill in their hearts. After hesitating for a moment, they followed behind the Dragon King and walked out.

Buzz! Buzz

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When Wang Xian reached the door, figures appeared out of thin air.

Ao Jian, Ao Yao, Ao Qitian, Ao Xingmu, Ao Qi, ao crab, Mou Zesen, Ba Qi, and Ao Fenghuang!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"The nine figures shouted respectfully in human form.

Behind them, 100 members of the Demon War Department were holding metal clubs that were filled with a violent aura.

Around them, all the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy were paying attention to the situation in the dean's office.

When they saw the Dragon King come out, all the students'eyes were filled with awe.

However, when the members of the Dragon Palace appeared out of thin air, all of them were slightly shocked and their faces revealed a look of surprise.

"What are those people and creatures? Are they the Dragon King's Men?"

"They should be the subordinates of the Dragon King. Why did the Dragon King call them here?"

All the students were shocked. Even the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy looked on in astonishment.

"Let's go to the yellow sky. Today, we will slaughter the gods and destroy the sect!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the members of the Dragon Palace and said with a cold expression.

"It's the Dragon King!"

As soon as he said that, the members of the Dragon Palace responded in a cold tone.

Buzz

Wang Xian's figure moved and flew directly into the sky. The members of the Dragon Palace followed closely behind him and flew in the direction of the Yellow Mountain.

"Oh my God, what is the Dragon King doing? Slaughtering the gods and exterminating the sect? The Dragon King knows who killed Dean Xiao!"

"Slaughtering the gods and exterminating the sect, this is... so domineering. Yellow Mountain, Yellow Mountain seems to be the territory of the true spirit sect. There's a water god there. It's a powerful force that rarely has a god there!"

"Is it that God from the true spirit sect who killed Dean Xiao? Our Dragon King will exterminate them?"

Shocked voices came from the students'mouths one after another!

"The true spirit sect, you're finished. The Dragon King will definitely exterminate you!"

When the insightful void level disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy saw this scene, they clenched their fists tightly.

They had witnessed the terror of the Dragon King and the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace.

If Dean Xiao had not banned them from talking about it, the entire world would have been in an uproar!

"Perhaps my dragon king is too low-key. Someone actually dared to assassinate my disciple!"

In the sky, Wang Xian flew towards the Yellow Mountain at a terrifying speed.

A sinister look appeared in his eyes.

Since that was the case, I will let all of you witness the strength of my Dragon King and the Dragon Palace!

"Boom!"

However, when the Dragon King led a group of the Dragon Palace's subordinates and flew toward Huang Tian, the internet was already abuzz.

When the students of Dragon Gate Academy saw the Dragon King leading a group of experts to avenge Dean Xiao, they were naturally very excited.

They excitedly posted on the internet that the Dragon King had gone to slaughter the gods and destroy the sect to avenge his disciple.

When everyone confirmed this news, they were also extremely shocked.

The news of Xiao Ran's murder had spread all over the internet an hour ago. Everyone was also waiting for the Dragon King's attitude.

They did not expect that the Dragon King had already found the murderer and had already killed him!