Chapter 1944: 1944 slaughter of gods and extermination of sects 3

"The water god of the true spirit sect ignited the divine fire not long ago. His strength should not be a match for the Dragon King. I reckon that the water god is going to be unlucky!"

"I wonder what grudge the Water God has with the dean of the Dragon Gate Academy. He actually assassinated him in secret and did not dare to kill him openly. Perhaps he was afraid of the Dragon King's Revenge!"

"Now the Dragon King has led his men to fly towards the Yellow Mountain. After all, there will be another big battle!"

The entire internet was in an uproar. Everyone was paying attention to the Dragon King's revenge for his disciple.

At the same time, all the disciples of the true spirit sect in the Yellow Mountain received the news that the Dragon King was flying towards the yellow mountain with his men.

The disciples of the true spirit sect changed their expressions and immediately reported the news to the hierarch!

With the current strength of their true spirit sect, they were no match for the Dragon King.

"Reporting to Lord Water God!"

The Hierarch of the True Spirit sect came to a hall at the top of the Yellow Mountain with a changed expression and bowed toward the inside.

"What's the matter?"

In the hall, Shui Shaoyuan was playing chess with Chang Yangxia on the chessboard. When he saw the Hierarch of the True Spirit sect running over in a hurry, he glanced at him and asked.

"Lord Water God is in trouble. The Dragon King is rushing towards our yellow mountain with his men. He said that he wants to destroy us!"

The Master of True Spirit cult immediately reported in a panic.

"Eh? Dragon King!"

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia stopped what they were doing. They looked at each other in surprise.

"What happened?" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Shui Shaoyuan's eyes sparkled as he slightly raised his eyebrows and asked.

"Lord Water God, we also heard on the Internet that the Dragon King has come to avenge his disciple!"

The true spirit cult master immediately replied!

"Revenge!"

Shui Shaoyuan pursed his lips and his face was full of surprise. Then, his face slowly turned cold as he looked at Chang Yangxia!

"He has come? Hehe, a Dragon King thinks he is invincible?"

The corners of Chang Yangxia's mouth curled up slightly, and a cold look appeared in his eyes.

"Haha, that's right. A Dragon King who hasn't ignited the divine fire really thinks we're afraid of him. If he dares to come here today, I'll make sure he doesn't come back!"

Shui Shaoyuan laughed loudly.

The two of them looked at each other, and with a gentle wave of their arms, their figures directly arrived at the highest peak at the entrance of the Yellow Mountain.

Following them was a chessboard and two futons floating at the entrance of the Yellow Mountain.

"With our strength, we are enough to deal with the Dragon King. However, if we want to keep him here, we might need to ask the two women to help us!"

"I just don't know if they are willing to help!"

Chang Yangxia looked at the peak of the mountain in the center and said faintly.

"No need. We might not be able to kill him in other places, but this is my territory. With the help of the array, we can kill him!"

Shui Shaoyuan said lightly, his face full of confidence.

"Oh?"

Chang Yangxia raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Haha, that's even better!"

The two laughed and looked at the chessboard. Shui Shaoyuan placed the chess pieces lightly.

Although the Dragon King knew that they were the ones who had assassinated Xiao ran, they did not panic at all.

It was nothing more than an accident. They just had to solve this accident!

Therefore, at the top of the mountain at the entrance of the Yellow Mountain, two figures could be seen sitting cross-legged and playing chess, full of indifference.

This scene was also seen by all the disciples of the true spirit sect.

When they saw the two figures sitting there playing chess, everyone's eyes widened slightly, full of surprise.

"This... that blue figure is our Lord Water God. Who is the other figure? Our Lord Water God is sitting on the top of the mountain at the entrance and playing chess with that person. Is He... Waiting for the arrival of the Dragon King?"

"Hiss, those who can play chess with our Lord Water God must be godly state experts. My God, the two lords are actually leisurely waiting for the arrival of the Dragon King!"

"There's another godly state expert, Haha, Two Godly State Experts. Even if the Dragon King Comes, we are not afraid at all!"

"That Dragon King actually said that he would slaughter the gods and exterminate the sect. I want to see how he will exterminate us without lighting the divine fire. Haha, I'm afraid that the Dragon King will become a joke!"

The excited voices came from all the disciples of the true spirit sect. They looked at the two indifferent figures at the mountain peak at the entrance of the Yellow Mountain, and their faces were filled with awe.

This was their Lord God. So what if the Dragon King came? It was just that one of them hadn't even ignited the divine fire.

What was there to be afraid of!

Around the Yellow Mountain, some people who saw this scene were also shocked and filled with surprise.

The reaction of the Yellow Mountain was immediately posted on the Internet.

When everyone saw the picture of the two gods sitting cross-legged on the top of the mountain playing chess, their eyes widened slightly.

"How can there be two gods in Huangshan? Who is the other God?"

"Two gods? If there are two gods, then the Dragon King might not be their match!"

"Playing chess? I really didn't expect the two gods in Huangshan to be so indifferent. They totally don't put the Dragon King in their eyes!"

When everyone saw the picture on the Internet, they were all in an uproar.

Besides them, there was only one water god on the Yellow Mountain and they were no match for the Dragon King. However, they did not expect that there were two gods on the Yellow Mountain.

Moreover, these two gods were sitting on the top of the mountain and playing chess. It was obvious that they did not think much of the Dragon King.

At the same time, this was also the strong confidence of the two gods on the Yellow Mountain.

This showed that they were not afraid of the Dragon King.

"The next battle will probably be a big one. It's not certain who will win or lose!"

Everyone was paying attention to the news on the Internet.

Unfortunately, this time, they could only wait for the latest news on the Internet. There was no live broadcast.

"This time, I can take a good look at the Dragon King's strength and see how strong the True Dragon's son of Heaven Is!"

After some gods received this news, their figures moved and flew towards the Yellow Mountain, preparing to take a closer look.

"To be discovered after assassinating a mortal, what an idiot!"

In the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace, Jin Feng felt a little disdainful after receiving this news!

He didn't have much interest in this battle.

Boom! Boom

In front of the Yellow Mountain, a group of people with a terrifying murderous aura suddenly flew over.

When the group of people arrived, the clouds in the entire sky scattered in all directions.

Wang Xian stood in the middle and stared coldly at the spot in front of him.

His gaze was locked onto the two figures who were playing chess on the peak of the Yellow Mountain. His eyes revealed a cold glint.

"The Dragon King is here, the Dragon King Is Here!"

"I didn't expect him to release such a terrifying killing intent so quickly. Humph, is he disrespecting us?"

Voices rang out one after another in the Yellow Mountain, and everyone stared at the Dragon King and the others who were hurrying over.

"They're here!"

The corners of Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia's lips curled up slightly.

They stood still!