Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1945: 1945 slaughter of gods and extermination of sects 4

The wind in the entire yellow mountain seemed to be fixed.

A solemn atmosphere filled a radius of dozens of kilometers.

Everyone around the Yellow Mountain stared at the Dragon King and the others in the sky, their eyes shining.

"Pa!"

On the mountain peak at the entrance of the Yellow Mountain, the crisp sound of chess pieces being played was unusually clear at this time.

"The water god and the other gods of the yellow mountain are so calm. Even when the Dragon King came, their expressions didn't change at all!"

"This... they are so confident. It seems that they don't put the Dragon King in their eyes!"

Around the Yellow Mountain, some people saw this scene and looked at the two gods playing chess, filled with admiration and respect.

This was the appearance of a strong person. When others fought, they still played chess.

"My disciple, Xiao ran, should not have any enmity with you. Why did you kill him?"

Wang Xian stared at them. His eyes were sparkling. He swept his gaze across the surroundings and asked faintly.

"We will play this game later!"

When Chang Yangxia heard Wang Xian's words, he looked at Shui Shaoyuan with a smile.

"Well, wait for a while!"

Shui Shaoyuan stood up slowly with a confident look on his face. He looked at Wang Xian and raised his head slightly.

"So what if I kill him? What's the point of why?"

His indifferent voice reverberated throughout the entire yellow mountain.

"Hiss!"

Upon hearing his words, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air as shock appeared on their faces.

"So what if I kill him? This..."

"Haha, Our Water God is so domineering. If we kill him, we will kill him!"

When everyone from the true spirit sect saw the domineering water god, excitement was written all over their faces.

He was indeed a God who stood high and mighty.

"So what if we kill him?"

Upon hearing their words, Wang Xian muttered to himself. His gaze swept across everything in the Yellow Mountain.

"Since that's the case, let's raze this place to the ground!"

He said faintly.

"Haha, Raze This Place to the ground? Dragon King, you are really arrogant. Do you really think that you can kill us just because you are the son of Heaven of the True Dragon?"

"I would like to see how a son of Heaven of the true dragon who has not ignited the divine fire can raze this place to the ground!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, Chang Yangxia laughed out loud and exuded a terrifying pressure.

He attacked Wang Xian and the rest directly!

"Today, I will make sure that you, Dragon King, never return!"

Shui Shaoyuan's body trembled and a vast ocean appeared around him. The ocean appeared out of thin air and exuded a powerful aura.

"Haha, Dragon King, do you know whose territory this is? You Dare to step into my territory. I have to say, you are really stupid!"

"Heavenly Water Formation, Rise!"

As Shui Shaoyuan spoke, his arm pointed toward the void.

Four gigantic water pillars appeared in four directions. Even Wang Xian and the rest were in the center of the water pillars.

"This... This water god has already made preparations in advance. He is completely waiting for the arrival of the Dragon King!"

"It seems that this dragon king is indeed a little arrogant and stupid. He entered Shui Shaoyuan's territory directly and was trapped by the formation!"

"With Shui Shaoyuan and another god, along with the formation, a Dragon King who didn't ignite the Divine Fire is dead for sure!"

The few gods who were hiding in the void and watching the scene muttered to themselves.

"Dragon King, I haven't made a move since I upgraded. Let Me Kill them!"

Ao crab shook his eight arms and asked Wang Xian for instructions.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Ao crab, let's each kill one of them. Let's see who will kill them first!"

The combative AO Qitian waved his arms and the ocean-pacifying needle appeared in his hand.

"Roar Roar! How dare the two of you touch the disciple of the Dragon King? Die!"

As Ao Qitian spoke, he let out a furious roar.

His body moved and transformed into a 100-meter-long demonic monkey. His entire body emitted a terrifying demonic aura as he attacked Shui Shaoyuan directly.

"Kacha Kacha, leave both of them to me!"

Ao chi shouted in slight dissatisfaction when he saw ao Qitian charging straight at him.

With a light leap, he directly transformed into an earthen yellow crab that was 1,000 meters long.

At the very front were two incomparably huge pincers.

Behind him were eight legs that were filled with sharp thorns, making them look somewhat sinister.

"Boom!"

The ground shook violently as ao crab attacked.

"This..."

The moment ao Qitian and ao crab attacked, Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia were completely dumbfounded.

What was going on? What the hell was going on?

Wasn't their opponent the Dragon King? Why did two godly state existences rush out from the Dragon King's side?

Moreover, from the aura that burst out from him, he was not weaker than them. In fact, he was even stronger than them!

The reason why they dared to sit there and play chess leisurely and did not put the Dragon King in their eyes at all was because in their eyes, the Dragon King's arrival was just sending himself to his death.

However... What was going on with these two godly state experts who had charged straight at them?

What was going on?

The two of them were completely dumbfounded. Their posturing was for the Dragon King, not for the two of them!

"What's going on? Beside the Dragon King, how could it be..."

The gods watching in the void, the people looking in their direction, and all the disciples of the True Spirit sect also opened their mouths slightly.

What was going on with the two godly state experts who suddenly appeared beside the Dragon King?

"Take This!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At this moment, Ao Qitian's violent voice rang out. The sea-pacifying needle in his hand directly became 10,000 meters long and smashed toward Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia.

"Whoosh!"

In their confusion, the two widened their eyes and hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Boom!"

An incomparably loud boom shook the entire yellow mountain. The mountain peak at the very front, which was nearly 10,000 meters long, directly collapsed.

Rocks shot out in all directions.

"The other one, your opponent is me. The Dragon King said that he will raze your place to the ground. Crack, crack, crack!"

Ao Chi made a strange sound when he saw Ao Qitian's attack. He was unwilling to be left behind.

"Rumble!"

His body emitted an earthen yellow luster. On the ground, rocks and large chunks of soil rose into the air.

It was as if a magnitude-10 earthquake had occurred in the entire yellow mountain.

"Boom!"

Countless rocks and chunks of soil smashed directly toward Chang Yangxia.

"Damn it, damn it, why did two such powerful godly state experts suddenly appear!"

Chang Yangxia and Shui Shaoyuan's faces instantly broke out in cold sweat.

The calm expression on their faces just now completely disappeared.

Until now, they still couldn't understand why the Dragon King would bring two such terrifying subordinates.

If he knew that the Dragon King had two such powerful subordinates, how could he still dare to show off in this chess game.

They would have fled far away long ago!

"Roar, Roar, roar, enjoy the Fury!"

Without giving them any time to think, Ao Qitian's entire body was blood-red. In the middle of his body, there were streaks of blood-red lightning that flowed and directly attacked Shui Shaoyuan.

Ao qitian, who had fire, thunder, and darkness attributes, was unexcelled in the Fury!