Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1946: 1946 was razed to the ground

"Heavenly Water Formation, open!"

When Shui Shaoyuan saw ao Qitian charging at him with that violent force, his expression changed drastically.

He gritted his teeth, took out a formation compass, and waved his hand.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The water pillars that were 100 meters in diameter and shot straight into the sky from four directions immediately bloomed with terrifying water spray.

The four water pillars attacked ao Qitian directly.

At the same time, the sea beasts formed from various water elements in the ocean behind him attacked Ao Qitian.

The overwhelming attacks completely covered ao Qitian.

"Roar!"

When Ao Qitian saw Shui Shaoyuan's attack, he raised his head and let out a wild roar.

He swept his gaze across the water pillars and swept his long tail across the sky.

The tail, which was made up of lightning, darkness, and flames, swept across the water pillars, causing the entire heavenly water array to tremble.

"Ocean-pacifying needle, Freeze!"

He looked at the densely packed sea beasts that covered the entire sky in front of him and waved the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand forward.

The most powerful ability of the ocean-pacifying needle was that it could stabilize the ocean within a few thousand kilometers and calm the waves.

It could suppress the water element.

A single ocean-pacifying needle froze all the sea beasts in the sky.

"Roar!"

Ao Qitian roared and a blood-red energy that was a combination of the three elements rushed forward.

The sea beasts instantly collapsed and dissipated.

"Mad Dragon Chains!"

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

Ao Qitian moved his arm, and the sea-pacifying needle in his hand was wrapped with chains.

After the blood-red chains wrapped around the sea-pacifying needle, they immediately attacked Shui Shaoyuan.

"How... how can he be so strong!"

Seeing ao Qitian's attack, Shui Shaoyuan's heart beat violently, and his eyes revealed a look of fear.

He had used all his strength and the array formation, but it had been easily resisted.

One had to know that the array formation he had set up was capable of severely injuring two divine fire gods!

Yet, it had been easily resisted!

This...

"Ka Ka Ka, move the mountain!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At this moment, a violent sound rang out from the side, causing Shui Shaoyuan's heart to pound violently.

At the side, two mountains that were five to six thousand meters tall rose from the ground, one on the left and one on the right, and smashed towards Chang Yangxia.

"This... This is a divine mountain, a divine mountain that even a demigod couldn't break. Now, it's being lifted up!"

Chang Yangxia's expression changed drastically when he saw ao crab's violent attack.

He held a ring of fire weapon in his hand, and with a wave of his arm, rings of fire smashed towards the two mountains.

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, ao crab's body was covered in a layer of earthy yellow. Within the earthy yellow, traces of demonic qi circulated.

Crack! Crack! Crack

His two claws with pincers and the other eight claws directly tore toward Chang Yangxia.

"Ring of fire, Ring of God!"

Chang Yangxia directly put the Ring of fire weapon in his hand toward ao crab.

In the air, the Ring of fire rapidly expanded and enveloped the AO crab!

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

The Ao crab let out a strange cry and two huge pincers directly pounced on it!

At the same time, streams of earthy yellow soil spread toward the ring of fire, extinguishing all the flames on it!

"Not good!"

When the yellow soil covered the ring of fire, Chang Yangxia discovered to his horror that his weapon had lost its sense!

Gulp

He gulped, his eyes filled with fear.

He was no match for this monster in front of him!

"This... Let's run. Our Water God and the others are no match for those two monsters!"

"It's over, it's over. How is this possible? The Dragon King hasn't made a move yet!"

The battle between the four immortals and gods in yellow mountain instantly turned the entire mountain into a mess.

When all the disciples of the true spirit sect saw this scene, their faces turned extremely pale.

At the beginning, when they saw Lord Water God and the others leisurely playing chess and waiting for the arrival of the Dragon King, they thought that Lord Water God was completely unafraid of the Dragon King.

In fact, the Dragon King might even die in the yellow mountain today.

But unexpectedly, the Dragon King didn't even make a move. Just two of his subordinates had completely suppressed Lord Water God.

Many people in the true spirit sect wanted to cry!

Some disciples couldn't help but curse in their hearts, "Water God is too pretentious. F * ck, what's going on now?"?

Remembering that they had mocked and cursed the Dragon King on the Internet just now, their expressions were very ugly.

"This... The Dragon King actually has two such terrifying underlings, this... this..."

"These two underlings of the Dragon King aren't inferior to the other True Dragon Sons of Heaven, right? Hiss!"

"This dragon king is really strong!"

The gods and citizens who had been paying attention to this place all this time sucked in a deep breath.

They had originally thought that the Dragon King, who hadn't ignited the divine fire, would at most be comparable to those ordinary gods.

However, they had never imagined that he actually had two such powerful subordinates.

He hadn't even made a move against the two gods of Yellow Mountain!

"Those two pretentious guys are going to fall!"

Everyone thought of the scene of the Water God playing chess with another god while waiting for the Dragon King.

They thought of the water god disdainfully saying that he would kill them!

Now... . Emmmmmmm? Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Ladies, Save Us, Save Our Lives!"

At this moment, Shui Shaoyuan, who was swept by the MAD Dragon chain, instantly spat out a mouthful of blood.

A divine kingdom appeared behind him, and he hurriedly ran towards the mountain in the middle of the Yellow Mountain!

"Save us!"

Chang Yangxia was also in a sorry state. He had wanted to teleport away, but he had been interrupted.

This made him extremely terrified. When he heard Shui Shaoyuan's voice, he also ran towards the mountain with all his might.

That was their last lifeline.

If the two women were willing to help them with all their might, they could still kill the Dragon King this time.

They had seen the two women kill the god of Fire Palace's two wisps of divine fire in an instant.

"Sister, the two guys outside seem to be in trouble and are asking us for help. We..."

At this moment, Hua'er and Cai'er were sitting cross-legged on the highest peak in the middle of the Yellow Mountain.

The surrounding branches covered them all.

When the battle broke out just now, they had already sensed the movement. However, they did not care and were recovering from their injuries.

When they faintly heard the two people's desperate cries for help, Hua'er opened her mouth and asked.

"If it's possible, help them escape!"

Cai'er hesitated for a moment before saying.

The two of them had brought them here so that they could recover from their injuries. No matter what, this was a small favor.

They had to return this favor!

Cai'er waved her arm, and the branches that wrapped them dispersed. Violent and tyrannical sounds and auras came from outside.

This caused Hua'er and Cai'er to immediately frown.

"Ka Ka ka, if you want to escape, go to hell!"

At this moment, they heard a violent sound and quickly looked over. An incomparably huge earth spike was attacking in their direction.

There were traces of magic patterns on the earth spike. Sensing the aura of the magic patterns on it, their expressions changed slightly.

Evil?