Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1947: 1947 was razed to the ground

Yaoxie!

Hua'er and Cai'er were very familiar with Yaoxie's aura.

Once, they had fallen at the hands of the powerful Yaoxie.

Looking at the magic patterns on the earth spike, a cold expression appeared on their faces!

"Break for me!"

Hua'er shouted softly. The star grass above her head flickered slightly and instantly slashed towards the incomparably terrifying earth spike.

"Bang!"

A collision that wasn't very loud caused the entire earth spike to instantly collapse.

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia, who were flying towards Hua'er and Cai'er, had joyful expressions on their faces. They revealed excited expressions.

"Ladies, save us! They want to kill us and destroy our entire Yellow Mountain!"

Shui Shaoyuan immediately flew to Hua'er and Cai'er's side.

When he saw the terrifying power of the star grass, a hint of surprise flashed through his eyes.

Chang Yangxia knew the strength of that crab-like monster. That attack just now was definitely not something he could withstand.

The power of that attack was almost comparable to the powerful attack of two divine fire gods.

However, it was easily broken by the woman in front of him, causing him to feel delighted.

His life could be saved, and even...

His eyes were shining with shame and anger.

"Humph, let's kill him!"

Hua'er and Cai'er looked at the huge crab that continued to fly toward them, their small faces full of killing intent.

They had not planned to help Shui Shaoyuan and Cai'er fight their opponents at all.

However, sensing the demonic aura on ao crab, they decided to kill him.

"Thank you, ladies. Thank you, ladies. With these two ladies here, we will definitely be able to kill them!"

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia revealed excited expressions. They even wanted to roar at this moment.

"Ka Ka Ka, landslide!"

Ao crab stared at the four figures on the mountain peak in front of him. His entire body was still filled with violent killing intent.

He had just arrived on Earth, so he naturally did not know Hua'er and Cai'er. Moreover, Hua'er Cai'er had already grown up!

"Hmph, you big crab, are you still arrogant?"

Hua'er looked at the ferocious ao crab with an angry expression and waved her arm.

In the sky, one by one, thorns seemed to fall from the sky and directly attacked ao crab.

At the same time, the star grass trembled slightly, and with a flash, it attacked ao crab again.

The Thorns in the sky twined around ao crab, and one thorn after another wrapped around his two pincers and eight legs.

Buzz

The star grass came in front of ao crab again, causing his violent aura to stagnate!

He instantly condensed an indestructible Earth shield in front of him!

"Bang!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, the powerful force still caused ao crab to fly backward.

"Roar!"

Ao qitian, who had rushed over from behind, roared when he saw this scene. His blood-red Gouyu's eyes locked onto the mountain peak in front of him.

Although his several hundred-meter-tall body was much smaller than ao crab's, his aura was even more violent.

However, when he raised the sea-pacifying divine needle in his hand high and was about to attack, his hand froze slightly.

Gouyu's three eyes were slightly stunned as he looked at Hua'er and Cai'er in surprise.

"What... What's going on? Why are there two gods suddenly appearing?"

"Hiss, who are the two girls that Shui Shaoyuan asked for help from? How can they be so strong? That crab-like godly state creature was actually sent flying!"

"This shui Shaoyuan actually has two such strong godly teammates. No wonder they were so calm and even arrogant in the beginning!"

"Those two girls are so terrifying. Now, the Dragon King might be in trouble!"

Around the Yellow Mountain, all the experts who were paying attention to this side were slightly shocked when they saw the two powerful immortal gods that had suddenly appeared.

No one had expected the dragon king to have two such terrifying subordinates. But now, no one had expected the water god to have two even more powerful teammates.

"Haha, Haha, our Lord Water God has even more powerful godly state friends. The Dragon King is going to be finished. They are going to be finished!"

"Four Gods. Our Lord Water God has four gods. The Dragon King only has three, even including himself. And those two goddesses defeated that monster in one move. Haha, Kill, Kill, Kill!"

Seeing this scene, all the disciples of the true spirit sect were excited.

They had been terrified, thinking that their god was going to die. They had not expected that two more powerful goddesses would suddenly appear on their side.

This made everyone of the true spirit sect excited!

"Kill the Dragon King!"

After surviving the disaster, they also roared with some savagery.

The huge change in the scene shocked everyone who was paying attention to this place.

The power of the Dragon King's forces had already exceeded everyone's expectations. Now, the power of the Yellow Mountain and water god was even more shocking.

The next battle would definitely be earth-shattering!

"Little... Princess, Ao Qitian pays his respects to the two little princesses!"

Just when everyone thought that the next battle would be even more terrifying, a look of shock appeared in everyone's eyes.

In the void at the center of the Yellow Mountain, the extremely violent god-level creature holding a golden rod and blood-red chains was actually kneeling in the void, bowing towards the direction of the highest mountain, "Master!"He shouted respectfully.

When everyone saw this scene, their mouths were slightly agape as they watched in shock.

"Oh?"

Hua'er, whose delicate little face was filled with anger, and Cai'er were also slightly stunned when they saw ao Qitian suddenly charging over.

Of course, they remembered Ao Qitian. Even though they had never seen his battle form, this was his aura.

When they saw him kneeling on one knee and calling out to them respectfully, their expressions changed slightly.

They quickly scanned their surroundings.

However, at this moment, at the edge of the Yellow Mountain, Wang Xian, who had been standing there quietly and did not make a move, was also stunned when he saw the two figures who had suddenly appeared.

Although the two little girls had grown up and were big girls.

However, the familiar aura, the identical familiar face, and the star grass on top of their heads.

Wang Xian recognized the two little girls in an instant. They were Hua'er and Cai'er.

He was slightly stunned and immediately flew toward the center of the Yellow Mountain.

The members of the Dragon Palace behind him immediately followed behind.

This sudden scene once again left everyone in a state of bewilderment!

What was going on? What was going on?

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia were also stunned!

This?

"Greetings, Little Princess!"

When Wang Xian flew over, Hua Er and Cai er immediately noticed him.

There was a hint of surprise and excitement in their eyes. There was a hint of complexity and a hint of strangeness. They pouted slightly and looked at him intently.

Wang Xian stopped about two thousand meters away from them and looked at them with a smile on his face.

Ao Jian, Ao Xingmu, and the rest immediately bowed to Hua'er Cai'er.

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace also bowed when they saw Ao Jian, Ao Xingmu, and Ao Qitian doing the same.

Crack! Crack

"Greetings, Little Princess!"

Ao crab, who was sent flying, flew over in a daze. However, he quickly followed and shouted!