Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1948: 1948 was razed to the ground

"What's going on?"

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia, who were watching the scene, were dumbfounded.

The subordinates of the Dragon King were actually kneeling in front of the two goddesses who had appeared out of nowhere and calling her little princess?

What... What was going on?

"Ah!"

Hua'er saw Ao Qitian, Ao Jian, and the rest of them kneeling and calling out to her respectfully. Their faces turned slightly red as they looked at Wang Xian who was standing in front of them!

"Little Brother Daddi!"

Hua'er opened her mouth and called out playfully. Then, she extended her arms towards Wang Xian directly!

"Little Brother Daddi?"

Cai'er was slightly stunned when she heard her sister's words. She smiled and called out as well. Then, she flew towards Wang Xian!

"Eh? This? What is Little Brother Daddi?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard them calling him Daddi. His face turned slightly black as he extended his arms.

At the same time, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart!

"What's wrong? Isn't it right? HMPH, you said that we were picked up from the ground!"

"Furthermore, we were older than you. Although you raised us up, we are still Little Brothers!"

Hua Er revealed a smug smile when she saw Wang Xian being defeated. She pounced on him directly!

"That's right, that's right. It's good that both of you are fine. However, I think we should just forget about the word 'little brother'!"

Wang Xian rubbed her head helplessly as the corner of his mouth twitched!

"It's our fault for leaving without saying goodbye back then. It made little brother and father worried!"

Cai'er held onto Wang Xian's arm and said apologetically.

"It's fine, it's fine. I didn't expect both of you girls to have grown up!"

Wang Xian revealed a gratified look as he caressed their heads.

The flowers rubbed against him with a look of dependence.

"Damn, what's going on? The annual prehistoric drama?"

"Those two girls are the Dragon King's Daughters? I. . . This is simply..."

When everyone who was paying attention to the situation saw this, they were stunned.

The two goddesses that Shui Shaoyuan and the others had asked for help from, and the two goddesses that had sent the crab flying with one move, were actually the Dragon King's daughters!

Who would have thought of this?

Who would dare to think of this?

Even the writers and novelists did not dare to write this.

Everyone stared at this scene with their mouths Agape.

"You... you..."

Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia were completely dumbfounded.

These two goddesses were actually the daughters of the Dragon King. This... The two of them still wanted to rely on them to kill the Dragon King.

Could it be that they wanted the daughter of the Dragon King to kill the Dragon King Now?

"HMM?"

Hua'er and Cai'er frowned slightly when they heard the voices of Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia behind them.

"How do you two girls know them?"

Wang Xian looked at the shocked Shui Shaoyuan and asked Hua'er with a slight frown!

"We are not familiar with them. We don't even know their names. Why did our little brother, Daddi, bring people to kill them?"

Hua'er looked at Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia and raised her head to look at Wang Xian.

"They killed Xiao ran!"

Wang Xian stared at them coldly and said.

"What? They actually killed Xiao Ran?"

Hua'er Cai'er was stunned for a moment. An angry expression appeared on her face.

Xiao ran was her father's disciple, so they naturally knew about it. However, they did not expect that they would actually be killed by these two people!

"I told you that these two are not good people. HMPH, kill them and avenge Xiao ran!"

Hua'er's face was full of anger as she spoke, and the star grass above her head bloomed with a cold luster.

"No, no, no, how could this be, how could this be..."

When Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia heard Hua'er's words, their faces were completely flustered.

The last life-saving straw turned out to be the Dragon King's daughter.

And they had killed the Dragon King's disciple. Now that the last straw was known, they wanted to kill them.

Their faces were full of fear.

"Destroy them!"

Ao Qitian roared and said to Ao crab.

"Kaka, eat them!"

Ao crab stared at the divine kingdom behind them with dark eyes.

"Humph, Scoundrel!"

Hua'er also looked at them. The star grass above their heads flashed slightly and directly attacked them.

"No, no, don't Kill Us!"

Seeing this scene, the two people showed despair on their faces. They roared and fled into the distance.

"PFFT! PFFT!"

In just an instant, two star grass landed on their bodies, causing them to vomit blood violently!

A metal rod that was entangled by chains and a huge pincer landed directly on their bodies.

Wang Xian waved his arm. Before they could react, he used the soul-absorbing power!

"Rumble!"

The heavens and earth cried out in grief. The gods had fallen. Moreover, this time, two gods had fallen.

"The Dragon King's anger will not be appeased so easily!"

"Earth-shaking!"

Ao crab's dark pupils stared downwards. Two pincers and eight claws unfurled. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A terrifying Earth attribute energy condensed on his body.

Rumble

Below him, a radius of fifty kilometers covered the entire yellow mountain. Violent tremors began!

The earth began to rise and Fall!

"No, no, I can't Fly! I can't Fly! Save Me!"

"Don't Kill Us! Don't Kill Us!"

Below the Yellow Mountain, the people of the true spirit cult had shocked expressions on their faces as they begged for mercy in fear.

Just a moment ago, they had been roaring with excitement to kill the Dragon King, but at this moment, they only hoped to spare their lives!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Mountain peaks began to collapse one after another, collapsing into the surroundings.

The gods had fallen, the Divine Mountains had collapsed, and the sects had been destroyed.

The tremors only lasted for a few dozen seconds before the area below was completely razed to the ground.

The Yellow Mountain, one of the Divine Mountains, had completely disappeared after that.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian put away the fire and water elemental divine kingdoms. He looked at Hua Er and Cai er before he waved his arm and teleported away.

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace followed closely behind and teleported away.

What was left behind was a piece of land that had been razed to the ground.

The mournful cries of heaven and earth reverberated in the entire sky. Everyone who was watching the scene gasped in unison.

Two gods had fallen just like that. They had completely perished.

This time, they didn't even have the chance to resurrect!

Looking at the ground that had been completely flattened, some of the experts'eyes shone.

At this moment, everyone truly recognized the Dragon King's experts.

Especially when they knew that the two goddesses were the Dragon King's daughters. They knew that another extremely powerful force had risen.

A force owned by an earthling.

Even if the Dragon King hadn't ignited the divine fire yet, his two extremely powerful divine realm subordinates and his two daughters had the strength of a divine realm expert.

Together, they had the terrifying strength of five divine realm experts.

This strength was comparable to the pyramid of one of the four great forces.

After today, the four great forces would become the five great forces!

A force that belonged to the Dragon King!