Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1949: The world of 1949 was shaken

"The fifth major power was born, the power of the Dragon King!"

"The two most pretentious and miserable gods were born. When they learned that the Dragon King was coming to destroy them, they were pretentious and played chess, waiting for the arrival of the Dragon King. In the end, the two underlings of the Dragon King beat them into a daze and then asked the two goddesses for help. In the end, a huge mistake was made. The two goddesses were actually the daughter of the Dragon King. In the end, the daughter of the Dragon King joined forces with her underlings and directly destroyed the Yellow Mountain and water god and the others!"

"Two gods fell and were killed by the Dragon King's subordinates. They were the two gods who knew how to show off the most and suffered the most!"

"The entire divine mountain, Yellow Mountain, was razed to the ground by the Dragon King's subordinates. The fifth great power was born. The Dragon King is so terrifying!"

"As expected of the Dragon King of our Earth. He's mighty and domineering. The former Dragon King has returned!"

When the news about yellow mountain was spread on the Internet, the entire world was in an uproar.

The Dragon King had two god-level subordinates and two god-level daughters. This was simply heaven-defying.

Among the major forces that had descended, the pyramid's strength was only so-so!

No one had expected the dragon king to have such power. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

And no one had expected the Yellow Mountain and Water God and the others to be so pretentious and miserable.

"The water god must have been killed by the Dragon King. The Yaman God of the pyramid was also killed by the Dragon King. Now, two more gods have been killed by the Dragon King. The Dragon King has killed a total of four gods!"

"How terrifying. The Dragon King is from Earth. When everyone wanted to ignite the godly fire, the Dragon King had already killed four gods. He has a terrifying power!"

"I'm afraid that even the Lingxiao treasured palace wouldn't dare to rashly provoke the Dragon King. After all, there are five gods!"

With the death of two gods, very quickly, some people thought of the gods that had died under the Dragon King's hands.

Countless people were discussing in shock.

Especially the Earthlings now. When they saw how strong the Dragon King was, they were also inexplicably proud.

This was an expert that belonged to their planet. He was no weaker than the gods that had descended.

"Five gods. That Dragon King really hid himself well. Five!"

At this moment, in the hall of Gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, a middle-aged man was looking at the information with a face full of surprise!

"I also didn't expect that five godly state experts. According to the battle at Huangshan, the Dragon King's subordinates and his two daughters would have the combat strength of two wisps of divine fire!"

Jin Feng also frowned slightly as he read the information in his hands, his heart trembling.

He didn't pay attention to the battle in Huangshan. It wasn't that he didn't have time, but it was because he didn't put the Dragon King in his eyes.

However, the Dragon King suddenly had four gods who were comparable to him, causing his heart to tremble slightly.

He couldn't believe that a person from Earth could have such power!

"Shui Shaoyuan and the others didn't leak anything about us, did they?"

The middle-aged man asked with a twinkle in his eyes.

"No, the two of them were killed directly!"

Jin feng shook his head slowly.

"That's good. Even such a powerful force was born. It seems that our alliance with the Holy Church has to be accelerated!"

The middle-aged man murmured and frowned slightly.

The appearance of the Dragon King and the power of the Dragon King was a big blow to all the gods and forces.

Even their Lingxiao treasured palace had to take it seriously!

He suddenly thought of the words his junior sister had said to him, "We can find the Dragon King to join forces!"!

"Hehe, although this person is not weak, he is still not worthy!"

The middle-aged man smiled and shook his head.

"The Dragon King has five godly state experts!"

In other places, after the godly state experts received this news, their eyes revealed a thoughtful expression.

Even the true dragon sons of Heaven had slightly solemn expressions as they planned what to do next.

The entire world's gods became solemn because of the Dragon King!

"Xiao ran is dead. No, no, impossible! This is impossible!"

In a courtyard of the Lingxiao Palace, Ji Lingfei was sitting under a tree in the courtyard. When she looked at the messages on the Internet, her eyes were red as she shook her head.

She looked at the messages in disbelief. Her arm was trembling as she quickly picked up her phone.

She wanted to confirm that Xiao ran was not dead. He was not dead. Everything on the internet was fake.

She took out her phone and dialed Xiao ran's number immediately. However, when she realized that her phone was switched off, she became even more flustered.

"It won't happen, it won't Happen!"

She shook her head. She took out her phone and searched for Liu Mengxin's number in a fluster. Her body trembled as she pressed the call button!

In Jiang City, in the office of the Dean of Longmen College, Wang Xian brought Hua er Cai'er here!

"It's sister Ji Lingfei!"

All of a sudden, Liu Mengxin's phone rang from the side. She was slightly taken aback. She looked at Wang Xian and picked up the call!

"Mengxin, tell me, is Xiao ran still alive? Everything on the Internet Is Fake!"

The moment the call was picked up, Ji Lingfei's anxious voice was heard.

"Huh?"

Liu Mengxin was slightly stunned when she heard Ji Lingfei's anxious voice!

"Tell him that Xiao ran is dead!"

Wang Xian heard the voice on the phone and looked at Liu Mengxin. He transmitted his voice to her.

Liu Mengxin was slightly stunned. She raised her head and looked at Wang Xian in astonishment. She nodded her head!

"My Brother is already..."

She took a deep breath and said to Ji Lingfei. However, before she could finish her sentence, the sound of her phone dropping was heard. Soon after, it was a busy tone.

"Teacher, why didn't you tell Sister Ji Lingfei? She seems to be worried now!"

Liu Mengxin asked Wang Xian in confusion.

"The person behind Xiao Ran's death was commanded by the god of the Lingxiao Palace!"

Wang Xian replied plainly.

Before Shui Shaoyuan and Chang Yangxia died, he had read their memories through soul capture.

When he received this news, Wang Xian was not too surprised.

Everything was because of Ji Lingfei!

"What?"

Liu Mengxin was slightly stunned. Her eyes were wide open in disbelief.

"The Lingxiao Palace? Little Brother Daddi, they dared to kill Xiao ran. Let's attack them and destroy the entire Lingxiao Palace. HMPH!"

Hua'er said with a face full of anger.

"With our abilities, we aren't strong enough. Let's Wait a little longer. There's no rush. This is Xiao Ran's own matter. Let's wait until he wakes up completely before we talk about it!"

Wang Xian said faintly and glared at her. "Also, call him Daddy from now on. Don't call him little brother or Daddy. What kind of address is that?"

"Just don't!"

Hua'er stared at Wang Xian fearlessly. "Who asked you to give us the name of Wang Hua'er and Wang Cai'er? It's so outdated. HMPH!"

Wang Xian rubbed her head speechlessly and looked at Liu Mengxin. "Don't tell anyone about Xiao Ran's resurrection for the time being. We will go home and you will take care of Xiao ran!"

"Yes, teacher!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and teleported to the villa.

He had gained a pretty good harvest from killing two immortals this time!