Chapter 1950: 1950 was a terrifying upgrade

"Dragon King!"

"Little Princess!"

At the top of the villa, when Wang Xian arrived with Hua er cai ER, the leaders of the Dragon Palace immediately called out respectfully.

"The Dragon Palace has absorbed the corpses of two godly state experts. At least two more godly state experts will be added. Ao Jian, call them over later!"

Wang Xian waved at them and sat at the side.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao jian nodded.

"Oh right, Ao Yao and Qitian, which one of you is about to ignite the godly fire?"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them and asked.

"Dragon King, Ao Yao is faster than me!"

Ao Qitian replied.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded slightly.

"Dragon King, can I devour the Water God Kingdom? After devouring the Divine Kingdom, I can ignite two wisps of godly fire!"

At this moment, ao crab, who was standing at the side, suddenly said.

"Oh? So Fast?"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a hint of surprise.

"Yes, Dragon King. My upgrade is different from Ao Yao and the rest. I can devour the divine kingdoms to upgrade my level. Moreover, the level of the Water God's divine kingdom is not bad. After I devour it, I can ignite the second wisp of divine fire. My subordinates can also upgrade their level!"

Ao crab said with a smile.

"Brother, father, Uncle Ao crab is similar to Yaoxie. When I first saw him, I thought he was Yaoxie!"

Cai'er heard ao crab's words and said with a smile.

"Yaoxie? You can directly devour the Divine Kingdom of the Water God to upgrade your level. Ao Yao, how's the investigation of the ancient lands of darkness going these two days?"

Wang Xian nodded and asked Ao Yao.

"Dragon King, there are many powerful demonic beasts in each of the other ten ancient lands of darkness. Even I am afraid of the strongest one!"

"However, there are eight ancient lands of darkness that we can deal with!"

Ao Yao reported.

"Get Ready. Attack those ancient lands of darkness. Ao crab, devour more divine kingdoms of darkness. Aren't you improving faster?"

Wang Xian looked at him.

"Yes, Dragon King. The quality of those dark divine kingdoms and dark nests are very high. If I can devour seven or eight of them, or even more than ten of them, my strength will be able to improve rapidly!"

"I can even reach four wisps of divine flames, five wisps of divine flames, or even higher!"

Ao crab said respectfully!

"In that case, I will use my clone to attack one ancient land after another with you guys tonight!"

Wang Xian shot out a powerful glow.

If the Dragon Palace was powerful enough, he could directly attack the Lingxiao treasured palace and crush Xiao ran!

"Yes!"

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately nodded respectfully.

"Ah, Little Daddi, is this your doppelganger? It's exactly the same as you!"

Hua Er noticed the doppelganger at the side and walked over with a curious expression.

"Hehe, behave yourself. What do you want to eat? Daddy will get it for you!"

The doppelganger stroked her head and said with a smile.

"They are exactly the same. Wow, this is amazing!"

Hua'er's eyes lit up as she touched the doppelganger's body. Wang Xian opened it and held his hand. "There is no difference between a doppelganger and a real body. A doppelganger can also be considered a real body!"

"Hehe!"

Hua'er smiled and held Wang Xian's hand as they walked downstairs.

It had been a long time since they last saw each other at night. The two little girls had been lingering around Wang Xian all this while.

Although the two little girls had grown up a lot, they were still as clingy and playful as when they were young.

In the Ancient Land of darkness, which was the closest to Jiang City, Wang Xian used his clone to lead a group of disciples of the Dragon Palace to fly into an ancient land of darkness.

Next, it was time for the members of the Dragon Palace to improve rapidly.

Once the ancient lands of darkness were taken down one by one, the strength of the Dragon Palace would undergo an earth-shaking change!

Night slowly descended. The internet was still abuzz with all sorts of topics.

There were countless posts regarding the strength and influence of the Dragon King.

During this period of Earth's mutation, the Dragon King first killed the god of the pyramids and rose up. After that, the gods ignited the divine fire and lifted up the divine kingdom. The True Dragon Son of heaven, Long Xiao of the nine heavens!

The brilliance of the Dragon King was completely concealed. Today, everyone once again felt the might of the Dragon King.

As the gods were preparing for the next development and countless people were discussing various topics, figures slowly appeared in a dark ancient land.

"Kill!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and ordered in a low voice.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

The group of leaders of the Dragon Palace were all god-level powerhouses. They followed closely behind and charged into the Divine Kingdom of darkness.

Currently, this avatar of Wang Xian possessed the strength of three wisps of divine fire. Ao Xingmu and ao crab also possessed the strength of three wisps of divine fire.

This strength was absolutely terrifying.

Even the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace had to tread carefully into the ancient land of darkness. Wang Xian and the rest did not have the slightest scruple.

Before this, Ao Yao had already investigated the group of ancient Land of darkness.

Ao Yao was currently at the peak of the demigod realm. He could assassinate the gods of two wisps of divine fire. With his ability to conceal himself in light and darkness, only the gods of five or six wisps of divine fire could discover him.

At present, even the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Holy Church didn't have as much understanding of the ancient land of darkness as Wang Xian and the rest.

This was also the reason why the Lingxiao Treasured Palace didn't attack and destroy the Divine Kingdom of darkness consecutively.

This was because they wanted to understand the strength of a divine kingdom of darkness. They had to send a god-level powerhouse to scout it out.

If they encountered four or five wisps of divine fire, they might not be able to get out.

They would have to pay a huge price to investigate every dark ancient land.

Boom! Boom

Soon, rumbling sounds could be heard from the dark ancient land. However, due to the fact that they were in the divine kingdom, they did not hear any sounds from the outside world.

An hour later, the dark ancient land slowly disappeared. Wang Xian and the rest appeared in the middle.

"Continue, next!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the rest disappeared.

Time passed slowly. Five days passed in the blink of an eye.

However, many things happened during these five days. Firstly, the sudden disappearance of the seven ancient lands of darkness caused a huge sensation.

When the ancient lands of darkness appeared, it shook the entire world. Countless evil spirits rushed out from within.

If it wasn't for the appearance of the Divine Mountain and the rise of the nine dragons, the entire human race would have been destroyed.

However, the disappearance of the seven ancient lands of darkness caused a huge commotion.

Secondly, within these five days, three True Dragon Sons of Heaven had joined forces and formed the true dragon gathering!

The components of the true dragon gathering instantly caused the entire world to boil.

Everyone had seen how powerful the True Dragon Sons of Heaven were. However, how terrifying would the power of the three True Dragon Sons of Heaven be when they formed the true dragon gathering?

The third shocking news was that the pyramid faction had been destroyed by a group of demonic gods led by the son of heaven.

This was far more exciting than the Dragon King destroying two gods!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates