Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1951: Under the terrifying rise of 1951

The Wind Rose and the clouds surged, the world changed!

The gods fell, and the divine kingdom rose high!

In just a few days, major events shook everyone.

Some gods fell, and some people ignited the divine fire!

Even one of the four major forces, the pyramid, was destroyed!

This made the gods in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the sacred hall, and the Fire God Palace extremely solemn!

Things had exceeded their expectations one by one.

You were once a heaven's favorite, so why not ride the wind and ascend to the Ninth Heaven? The skyscraping hall would descend to earth, and the Heavenly Court would open wide to recruit disciples! Those who entered the heavenly court would be placed on the god Ascension list, and everyone would be able to become a god. The skyscraping hall would also lose its previous invincible appearance!

Back then, when the Sacred Hall was enveloped, divine light descended, and the light of the god of light enveloped everyone! The holy church had recruited a wide range of disciples. Those who joined the Holy Church would gain eternal life and lose the divine light of the past!

With the establishment of the True Dragon Association and the demonic aura of the Demonic Dragon's son of Heaven, the Holy Church of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had completely lost their control over the entire earth.

"Little Brother Daddi, I'm thirsty. I want to drink some water!"

Everything was extremely harmonious in the villa by the sea in Jiang City.

Two carefree little girls were sitting in front of the computer playing games. Hua'er shouted at Wang Xian.

"Hua'er, you little girl, are you treating Daddi like a nanny?"

Wang Xian waved his arm speechlessly and threw the drinks that Ao Jian and the rest brought from the supernatural continent in front of the little girl.

"Hehe, you asked us to call you Daddi. In Daddi's case, we are not even one year old yet. We are still a baby. If you can't see a one-year-old Baby, which one of us is not Daddi taking good care of?"

Hua'er was making some twisted logic. She squinted her eyes and said happily.

"A baby as big as you?"

Wang Xian said speechlessly.

"Anyway, I don't care. If you ask us to call you Daddi, then we are not even a year old!"

Hua'er said with a smile. Suddenly, she shouted, "Ah, I'm Dead!"

"Focus on the game!"

Cai'er, who was at the side, glanced at her and said unhappily.

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao Jian and the rest's voices were heard.

"They're here!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and appeared in the sky above the villa.

"Daddi, don't forget the delicious food that the uncles said they would bring for us!"

Hua'er's voice was heard in the room.

"Dragon King!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian, they immediately called out respectfully again.

Wang Xian's smiling eyes swept across all of them.

Ao Jian, Ao Yao, Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, ao Xingmu, ao crab, Mou Zesen, ao Fenghuang, Ba Qi, Mo Sha, Prime Minister Turtle, ao Saturn (a member of the Saturn Turtle Demonic Beast Clan) , and the twelve leaders of the Dragon Palace.., all of them had ignited the divine fire!

Behind them, there were nine slender figures with two horns on their heads and green dragon robes. They were similar to the Four Seas Dragon King in journey to the west.

Nine Dragons!

These nine dragons possessed the strength of half of their bodies. They had the strength to kill a wisp of divine fire god!

This was the entire strength of the Dragon Palace.

This was also the resources that Wang Xian and the rest had obtained after destroying the seven ancient lands of darkness. This was the improvement of the members of the Dragon Palace.

It was a complete qualitative change!

Out of the seven ancient lands of darkness, more than thirty godly state demons had died at their hands.

Godly demons could not be devoured by Wang Xian, and they did not have any elixirs, herbs, or other resources. This also allowed Wang Xian's strength to remain at the ninth level of the demigod realm!

Currently, his strength was not the strongest in the Dragon Palace.

The strongest one was ao crab. Now, he had ignited five wisps of divine fire. What kind of concept was this?

After his body size recovered, he had reached the size of 20,000 meters. According to ao crab, if he was given 10 minutes, he would be able to destroy the former Earth. This was the strength of Ao crab!

His improvement was insane, and it made one's hair stand on end. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It only took him five days to go from two wisps of divine fire to five wisps of divine fire.

The current ao crab was almost invincible on Earth. Even the soaring heavens palace might not have such a powerful existence.

After all, an AO crab with five wisps of divine fire could kill a god with six wisps of divine fire.

Of course, Wang Xian knew that ao crab was not invincible. This was because in a dark ancient land, there were demons that could rival six wisps of divine fire.

Twenty-one subordinates with the combat strength of the godly state. This was the terrifying strength of the Dragon Palace!

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them one by one. A satisfied expression appeared on his face.

"Hunting is indeed the fastest speed for the Dragon Palace to improve!"

He thought to himself.

Next, it was time to improve his own strength. If he wanted to improve his own strength, he would have to set his sights on the gods.

"The first place is the Soaring Heavens Palace!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. There was a cold glint in his eyes.

"Dragon King, I feel that with our current strength, we can totally move the Dragon Palace to Earth!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui suggested to Wang Xian.

"Wait a little longer. Wait until the level of the Dragon Palace is raised!"

Wang Xian shook his head slowly. "Currently, we are still lacking the wood attribute, lightning attribute, and light attribute. However, we should be able to raise the level of the Dragon Palace very soon!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head slightly.

"All of you should find a place to rest first and make some preparations!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded their heads respectfully. With a move of their bodies, they disappeared instantly!

"It's about time to bury all the gods in the heavens!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face!

"Master!"

At this moment, a voice sounded from outside.

"You're awake!"

When Wang Xian heard this voice, a smile appeared on his face as he said faintly.

"Thank you, master, for your kindness!"

Xiao ran walked in and knelt on the ground respectfully as he spoke to Wang Xian gratefully.

This time, if it wasn't for his master, he would have died completely!

He was filled with respect and gratitude towards his master for being able to cut off his head and bring him back to life.

"I've told you some of my dreams. What are you going to do?"

Wang Xian lifted Xiao ran up with his arm and asked him.

"Master, Concubine Ling definitely doesn't know about this. She might..."

Xiao ran's expression was a little ugly. He clenched his fists tightly and said, "I want to cultivate properly first. After I ignite the divine fire, I will step into the Ling Xiao Palace!"

"Take it. Ignite the divine fire as soon as possible!"

Wang Xian walked over and patted Xiao Ran's shoulder. "When the time comes, I will ask ao Qitian and the rest to accompany you and crush the Soaring Heavens!"

"Thank you, master. It's my disciple who is useless!"

Xiao ran lowered his head slightly and said with a trembling body!

"It's not that you are useless. It's because this is not your era. However, I will bring you into this era!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"Go back. We can talk about it later!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at him.

Xiao ran bowed and retreated with slightly red eyes.

Crushing Ling Xiao was not stepping on Ling Xiao.

It was not your era. I can bring you into this era!

"Huh?"

Just as Xiao ran left, Wang Xian was slightly shocked. He looked towards the south!