Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1952: 1952 on the tomb of the Eternal God

At this moment, all the land on Earth had become one.

Even the north and south poles were connected to the land. The rest of the land was the ocean.

However, at this moment, in the south, where the south pole used to be.

In the South Pole, after the heaven and earth changed, the glaciers expanded and the ice layer thickened. Icebergs that were thousands of meters tall shone under the sunlight.

Crack! Crack! Crack

All of a sudden, the gigantic icebergs collapsed slowly. The ice layer that was more than ten meters thick gradually cracked open.

The entire South Pole had completely collapsed. An extremely terrifying energy was transmitted from below.

Wang Xian stood at the top of the villa and stared in the direction of the South Pole with a solemn expression. His eyes were filled with shock.

This power was too terrifying. It was definitely not the power of a godly state!

His body moved and he flew to a height of more than 100,000 meters. The Dragon Eyes of the five elements of yin and Yang looked in the direction of the South Pole!

"The celestial burial of the Divine Lord, the protection of the Divine Kingdom!"

"The Eternal Cemetery, the worship of all living beings!"

"A memorial!"

At this moment, an incomparably vast voice seemed to come from ancient times. It reverberated throughout the entire earth. A solemn atmosphere slowly spread throughout the entire earth.

At this moment, everyone was slightly shocked, and a sense of solemnity and oppression surged in their hearts.

Everyone looked in the direction of the South Pole.

"God Lord's Heaven Burial, Eternal Cemetery!"

When this voice spread throughout the entire earth, the gods revealed expressions of shock. They all flew towards the sky, and their bodies were filled with excitement as they looked towards the South Pole.

"The tomb of the god Lord, the Eternal God Lord's Divine Kingdom!"

The eyes of all the gods revealed an extremely heated expression. Eternal God Lord, this was the tomb of the Eternal God Lord.

The position of God was eternal, and the Eternal God Lord suppressed a region.

If a God could roam the universe, then the eternal God Lord could suppress a region of stars, and he was definitely a star realm expert.

"In the battle hundreds of thousands of years ago, eight Eternal God lords died. Some of the Eternal God Lords'divine kingdoms were completely destroyed, but some of the Eternal God Lords'divine kingdoms took his body and turned it into an eternal tomb!"

The gods who had participated in that battle murmured as they looked at the South Pole.

After reaching the eternal God Lord Realm, even if he died completely, his divine kingdom still had a bit of consciousness. He put his body into his divine kingdom and turned it into a divine tomb!

In the universe, the Eternal God Lord's Divine Tomb was definitely a treasure land that countless people fought over.

The resources within the divine tomb were definitely not something that a god could compare to.

"Let's go, we'll head over immediately!"

At this moment, all the gods didn't hesitate too much and directly flew towards the South Pole.

Facing such a treasure, no God could not be moved. This was a treasure land that could make them go crazy.

Even if they knew that there might be great danger in the god tomb, it was still worth their risk.

"Oh my God, an incomparably vast ancient land has appeared at the South Pole. It is larger than all the ancient lands, almost covering the entire South Pole!"

"What is this situation? Did Earth mutate again? Many gods are flying over there. Could it be that a great opportunity has arrived?"

"Hiss, what kind of existence would be able to produce such a vast voice? That place is definitely a huge treasure ground!"

At this moment, on the Internet, everyone was in an uproar.

The South Pole mutating, the vast voice, and the arrival of the gods all indicated that this was a vast ancient land.

Moreover, this ancient land might be even more precious than the ancient lands of the past.

"Master God!"

The disciples who followed the gods to descend trembled.

They had come to Earth to pursue the divine path and ignite the divine fire. Now, they could actually meet the tomb of the Master God!

As long as they could obtain opportunities in the tomb, they could almost increase 90% of their strength to the God realm.

The power of the Master God was not something that the gods could predict.

In the universe, every master of God could easily control more than a dozen planets. There were more than a hundred, or even a few hundred godly state subordinates, or even more.

"Little Brother Daddi!"

Just when Wang Xian was looking at the South Pole in astonishment, a voice was suddenly heard.

"Hua'er Cai'er!"

Wang Xian looked at them and rubbed their heads.

"What an ugly name!"

Hua'er pouted unhappily when she heard his name. She also looked in the direction of the South Pole.

"That should be the tomb of the god of Wings of light. I didn't expect it to appear!"

Cai'er looked at the South Pole and muttered.

"God of Wings of light? An existence on the level of the Eternal God?"

Wang Xian looked at the two girls and asked.

"Yes, the god of Light Wings is the god of the god of Light Wings Divine Tiger clan. Back then, he was the main force to kill Yaoxie. In the end, the god of light wings perished together with a powerful Yaoxie!"

"At that time, the god of light wings seemed to have perished completely. There was no possibility of him reviving. There should be many treasures in his divine kingdom. There should be the existence of the god of Light Wings Divine Tiger!"

Cai Er nodded her head and looked at Wang Xian. "Brother and father, let's go over as well. The treasures there can create at least a dozen godly state experts. Perhaps you can ignite the godly fire there!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"At least a dozen godly state experts?"

Wang Xian was filled with interest. "Since that's the case, let's go over!"

"Gather the disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

With a thought, his voice was heard by the experts of the Dragon Palace.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Soon, in less than five seconds, figures appeared in front of Wang Xian.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Just as Wang Xian was about to lead them toward the South Pole, a rumbling sound was heard from the North Pole.

"The celestial burial of the Lord of the gods, the protection of the Divine Kingdom!"

"The eternal tomb, the worship of all beings!"

"A memorial service!"

Following that, another loud voice sounded. This stunned Wang Xian slightly!

"There's one more!"

Hua Er Cai'er was also slightly shocked. She quickly looked towards the north pole.

"Two tombs of the Lord of the gods have appeared in succession. This... This is a great opportunity for the entire Earth!"

The two little girls were also looking in the direction of the North Pole in shock.

Wang Xian's eyes also flashed with a hint of surprise.

He had a thought and his clone appeared at the side.

"Let's split up!"

Wang Xian said to all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace nodded their heads.

"Little Girls, let's head to the South Pole!"

Wang Xian looked at Hua'er and the rest. He brought Ao Yaoyao, Ao Jian, and AO qitian, the ten members of the Dragon Palace, and flew toward the South Pole.

Ao crab, on the other hand, led the nine flood dragons and flew toward the North Pole.

The appearance of the tomb of the Eternal Lord had completely disrupted some of Wang Xian's plans.

However, this might also be a huge opportunity for them!