Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1953: In 1953, beneath the tomb of the Eternal God

The tombs of the two great god Lords appeared one after another. Not to mention Wang Xian, even the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace and the holy church were filled with shock.

Other than the gods, everyone on Earth was also flying towards the tombs of the two great god Lords in a frenzy.

If one could obtain a great opportunity in the tomb of the Eternal God Lord, he could definitely overtake them.

For the people on Earth, for the disciples who had followed the gods to descend, wanting to surpass the gods who had been resurrected and the gods from the major factions, this might be the only chance they had at the moment.

Once they could obtain a great opportunity in the tomb of the Eternal God, they would have the ability to contend with the resurrected gods and the gods from the major factions.

He would be able to overtake them in a roundabout way.

Such an opportunity made countless people go crazy.

At least hundreds of millions of people flew towards the two tomb of the Master of God, hoping to obtain an opportunity in there.

Wang Xian and the rest were very fast. When they got closer, they saw an incomparably huge divine kingdom of light in front of them.

The huge and incomparably vast divine kingdom of light was completely incomparable to the current Dragon Palace.

This divine kingdom that was completely enveloped by the divine radiance of light was emitting an extremely dense power of light. In the sky, the light condensed into the images of Divine Tigers, causing clouds and rain in the sky.

It was holy, Majestic, and Majestic!

Everyone who came here could feel a faint pressure.

Wang Xian looked at the divine kingdom that occupied an area of at least 5,000 kilometers. His eyes were filled with shock.

The interior of the divine kingdom was an incomparably huge paradise.

Mountains, rivers, water, and the lair of the Divine Tigers. There were all sorts of majestic and magnificent things!

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a rumbling sound came from the sky in front of them.

Wang Xian and the rest looked over and immediately saw a god trying to enter the divine tomb in the sky.

In the end, the Divine Tigers of light condensed in the sky above the divine kingdom and attacked the God directly!

Just one attack from the Divine Tigers was enough to shock the god. He quickly hid in the distance and didn't dare to enter recklessly.

"Not everyone can disturb the tomb of the Master of God. These divine tigers condensed from the light attribute are the guardian beasts of the Tomb of God!"

Cai'er's voice rang out.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and realized that there were more than twenty figures in the surroundings. Each figure came from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the holy church, and some of the true dragon's sons of heaven who had been resurrected.

They were the first to arrive. However, it was obvious that under the current situation, no one had entered the tomb of the Master of God yet.

The deities frowned slightly as they scanned their surroundings. Some of them tried but couldn't find any solutions.

In the end, the deities arrived at the entrance of the Kingdom of God one by one.

Among the deities present, they weren't strong enough to resist the residual power of the eternal lord. If they wanted to enter, they could only do so from the entrance.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to Hua er Cai'er and flew towards the entrance as well.

There were two sculptures of divine winged tigers made of divine grade materials at the entire entrance. They were lying on both sides of the entrance.

The two divine winged tigers exuded a divine aura as though they were alive.

Their bodies were about 3,000 meters in size. As they lay there, they exuded a terrifying energy.

The entire entrance was 10,000 meters long. They needed to walk up 10,000 steps before they could truly step into the tomb of the Master God.

"If we enter, will the two statues attack?"

A group of dozens of people stood around. At the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace, a god frowned slightly as he looked at the entrance.

Facing the two heart-palpitating statues, they didn't dare to charge in recklessly.

"I don't know. The pressure brought by the two sculptures is too strong. I feel that the might of the god is comparable to six to seven wisps of Divine Fire!"

An old man beside him shook his head slowly. His face was also filled with solemnity.

The arrival of Wang Xian and the rest caused some people to glance over. Then, they shifted their gaze to the tomb of the Master of God.

"Dragon King, do you want me to go in and investigate?"

Wang Xian and the rest stood there as Ao Yao's voice was heard!

"Don't take any risks for now. After all, this is the tomb of the Eternal Master of God!"

Wang Xian shook his head slowly.

"The tombs of the Eternal Master of God that appear in the universe are all different. Some of them are filled with killing intent. It is basically a land of death. Those who are weak will most likely die if they enter!"

"However, even those tombs that are not very dangerous are filled with danger. After all, every fallen Master of God does not wish for anyone to disturb his bones!"

"They don't want to be desecrated after they die!"

Cai Er said from the side. She looked at the divine tomb and frowned slightly.

"Let's wait here. There will always be people who can't help it!"

Wang Xian said faintly.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Not long after, figures flew over quickly.

"Greetings, gods!"

The hundreds of figures looked at the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and immediately bowed respectfully.

The Gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace slowly nodded.

Around them, some gods raised their eyebrows slightly when they saw the demigods. Their eyes were shining.

"Let me test it out!"

At this moment, a God couldn't help but walk forward. With a wave of his arm, a puppet appeared in front of him.

The puppet raised its head and looked at the stairs at the entrance. It quickly rushed over.

Weng

However, when the puppet stepped on the stairs, a beam of light energy landed on it and wiped it away.

Seeing this scene, all the gods around frowned slightly.

The surroundings fell silent once more!

"The tomb of the Eternal God is in front of us. My God, it's simply too spectacular!"

"Hiss, a tomb is actually so terrifying. What kind of existence is this? It's simply too powerful!"

As time slowly passed, more and more people rushed over.

"What is that? The gods haven't entered yet!" 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"If only I could obtain the inheritance of the god Lord here, how great would that be!"

More and more people gathered around, and very quickly, there were more than 100,000 people.

Their arrival made the surroundings livelier. They sized up the divine tombs in front of them and looked at the powerful gods around them as they discussed in low voices.

However, at this moment, at the North Pole, Wang Xian's clone led Prime Minister ao crab turtle and the nine flood dragons to the North Pole.

In front of them were numerous gigantic divine mountains. Each divine mountain exuded an incomparably vast divine might.

Similar to the South Pole, there were already more than 100,000 people gathered around, but no one had entered the divine mountains.

Everyone was looking for a way!

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall have gone to the South Pole. Coincidentally, we have reserved the divine tombs here at the North Pole!"

At this moment, an extremely domineering voice suddenly enveloped the surroundings!