Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1954: Chaos in 1954

"Huh?"

"Who is it? Who is so arrogant to want to take over this divine tomb?"

In front of the Divine Tomb of the Divine Mountain in the North Pole, everyone frowned slightly when they heard this voice. They looked around in astonishment.

Wang Xian, ao he, and the rest were standing beside the entrance. His entire body was enveloped by green energy.

He had revealed himself in the South Pole. In the North Pole, he naturally had to conceal himself a little. The current Wang Xian could not guarantee that the Dragon Palace was absolutely invincible.

This was especially so after the birth of the tomb of the Eternal Lord.

Ao crab had the appearance of a middle-aged brawny man. He had ignited five wisps of divine fire. When he transformed into his human form, he could completely eliminate the eight arms. He looked no different from a human.

Wang Xian also swept his gaze across the surroundings. When he saw the eight people flying over, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

Eight fiery-red figures. Their bodies contained a terrifying power of fire. They were like an enormous volcano.

When the eight flew over, everyone felt a wave of heat coming toward them.

"The throne of the Fire God Palace is the gods of the Fire God Palace!"

"The gods rushed to the South Pole as soon as the tomb appeared. I didn't expect that the throne of the Fire God Palace didn't go to the South Pole!"

The hundreds of thousands of people around were shocked and looked at the gods flying toward the Fire God Palace.

"All of you, stand down!"

Eight figures were floating in the sky. They looked at the tomb of the Eternal God Lord in front of them, and their eyes were burning with fervor.

Standing in the center, Flintstone swept his gaze over the hundreds of thousands of people below him. His terrifying aura trembled, and a fire palace appeared behind him.

"Hualala!"

Figures stepped out of the Divine Kingdom Palace. They held fire weapons in their hands, and their bodies were exuding violent power!

Very quickly, tens of thousands of fire god Palace's disciples floated in the sky.

"What? What are they doing? Are they clearing the area?"

"Not good, the Fire God Palace's throne wants to completely occupy this place and not allow anyone else to enter!"

When everyone saw the Fire God Palace's throne move, their expressions instantly turned ugly. They looked at it in horror!

"Courting Death!"

A God from the fire god Palace saw that everyone below was unmoved. He waved his arm.

Boom UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A terrifying flame directly covered the area below.

"No, no, run, run!"

When everyone saw that the gods from the Fire God Palace were truly attacking, their faces filled with shock. They hurriedly fled into the distance.

However, it was impossible for them to dodge the attack of a god with their strength.

Everyone who was in front of the god's tomb was instantly covered in flames.

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of pain rang out instantly. Tens of thousands of people were buried in the Sea of flames. Those who were far away saw this scene and fled into the distance in fear.

Wang Xian and the rest stood at the bottom. Their bodies were shrouded in light and the flames that landed on them automatically disappeared.

He looked at everyone in the throne room of the god of fire with a cold look in his eyes.

"Hehe, the people in the throne room of the god of fire are really overbearing!"

At this moment, a cold voice came from the left.

"Huh?"

The eight gods in the throne room of the god of fire raised their eyebrows slightly and looked over.

Three figures, three figures in dragon robes, flew over.

Their faces were filled with indifference as they stared at the people in the Fire God Palace.

"True Dragon Gathering!"

The eight gods in the fire god Palace immediately frowned when they saw the three of them.

Suixin Huo stared at the three of them with some seriousness!

"The Eternal God Lord's Divine Tomb!"

The three youths dressed in dragon robes turned their heads and ignored the people in the Fire God Palace.

With their abilities, they were not afraid of the throne of the god of Fire!

"Eh?"

Suddenly, when the young man saw the Sea of fire below, he was slightly surprised to see Wang Xian and the rest standing there!

"There are people there!"

The eight gods in the throne of the god of fire also noticed Wang Xian and the rest in the Sea of fire and frowned again.

"People from the throne of the god of fire, you better get out of Here!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the eight gods in the throne of the god of fire and said faintly.

"Let us get out!"

The eight gods in the throne of the god of fire narrowed their eyes slightly and sized up Wang Xian and the rest!

"If you don't get out, you'll die!"

Ao he looked at them with a hint of killing intent in his eyes.

He waved his arm and an incomparably huge Earth Mountain instantly appeared in the sky.

The Earth Mountain covered an area of 50 kilometers and was five to six kilometers tall.

The incomparably huge Earth mountain directly pressed down on everyone in the Fire God Palace.

"What!"

At this moment, the expressions of everyone in the Fire God Palace changed dramatically. The pupils of the eight gods contracted slightly as they felt the terrifying pressure coming from the Earth Mountain. Their expressions changed drastically!

"This is?"

"The Fire God Palace has met an expert. Who are they? Why are they so terrifying?"

The expressions of the three youths from the sacred true dragon gathering also changed.

Even when they were facing the eight gods from the Fire God Palace, they didn't change like this.

"Hiss, there's a mysterious expert in front of the god tomb. With a wave of his hand, he can destroy the heavens and earth. How terrifying!"

Everyone in the distance saw this sudden scene and their faces were filled with fear.

The sudden arrival of the Fire God Palace's throne and its overbearing attack wanted to occupy this place.

However, the three true Dragon Emperor of the Sacred True Dragon Gathering had arrived and a terrifying mysterious force had appeared!

"Someone has entered the divine tomb, someone has entered!"

Just as the terrifying Earth Mountain was heading towards everyone in the Fire God Palace, a shocked voice rang out all of a sudden.

Everyone looked towards the entrance of the divine tomb. Wang Xian and the rest also looked over.

They saw that at the entrance of the Divine Mountain, the mountain gate that was originally formed from two gigantic divine peaks was slowly revealing a crack.

The two figures ran as fast as they could.

"Oh? It's so easy to enter the divine tomb here?"

A hint of surprise flashed across Wang Xian's eyes!

"Boom!"

"PFFT!"

"Oh no, escape!"

However, at this very moment, a godly state expert from the palace of the god of fire raised his arm to defend against the Earth Mountain. His arm was instantly shattered.

He shouted with a face full of horror!

"Quick, take out the Fire God Mountain!"

Suixin Huo shouted at an old man as he sensed the earth mountain coming from above.

"Roar! Roar!"

The old man roared, and a godly weapon that was emitting flames flew toward the Earth Mountain to block it.

The gods of the Fire God Palace hurriedly fled into the distance. At this moment, they didn't care about the godly tomb!

"Eh? What a powerful divine artifact. However, do you think you can escape with just your strength?"

Ao he looked at them and prepared to give chase!

"Wait, the mountain gate of the divine tomb is closing. Let's go in first. As for them, we can kill them at any time!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the mountain gate of the Divine Tomb and said to Ao he immediately.

"Yes!"

"You bunch of ants. If I meet you again, I will definitely kill you all!"

Ao crab swept his eyes over the people in the palace of the Fire God, roared in disdain, and flew into the divine tomb!