Chapter 1955: 1955, you guys go and scout the way. Otherwise, you will die

"Let's go in!"

In the tomb of the gods in the North Pole, Wang Xian and the rest flew straight in.

"Hiss!"

In the surrounding area, everyone was shocked when they saw this scene.

That mysterious middle-aged man was able to make the eight gods in the palace of the god of fire fight back with their full strength with one move. Furthermore, one of the gods was severely injured. This shocked everyone.

How could there be such a terrifying existence on earth?

This was the Fire God Palace, and there were eight gods!

"What powerful strength!"

The three True Dragon Sons of Heaven from the Sacred True Dragon Gathering also had solemn expressions on their faces. They looked at each other, filled with shock.

"Enter!"

One of the youths looked at the mountain gate of the god tomb and gritted his teeth as he spoke.

"Let's Go!"

The other two hesitated for a second and flew over quickly!

"Let's go in too. Let's go in too. Quick, quick, the entrance of the divine tomb is about to close. If we can obtain an opportunity, we can also become gods!"

When they saw Wang Xian and the true dragon union entering, everyone around them rushed in frantically.

The desire to become gods was enough to make them throw away their lives.

In an instant, tens of thousands of people in the surroundings rushed in.

Only a few people who had just arrived looked at their surroundings in astonishment. They looked at the gods and powerhouses in the palace of the god of fire in the sky.

They were puzzled!

"How could it be? With such terrifying strength, he has ignited at least five wisps of divine fire. How... how could there be such a powerful existence on earth?"

In the sky, the god whose arms had been instantly shattered slowly recovered. His face was filled with terror as he roared in a low voice.

The expressions of the surrounding seven gods of the sacred flame changed drastically. They were incomparably embarrassed!

"Let's go to the South Pole!"

The old man in the middle said with a gloomy face.

The other gods nodded in embarrassment. They had originally thought that they could occupy the north pole divine tomb, but they had never expected such a terrifying existence to suddenly appear.

After hearing the other party's warning, how would they dare to enter?

If they were to be met by that group of people again, they didn't dare to guarantee that the other party would completely annihilate them.

They didn't dare to take such a risk.

The group of gods immediately flew towards the south pole with an unpleasant expression. Their hearts were filled with anger.

"Oh? The North Pole divine tomb has already entered!"

Wang Xian, who was at the South Pole, had a clear understanding of what had happened at the North Pole Divine Tomb.

When he learned that they had entered, Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face.

As long as they entered the divine tomb, Ao Xie and the rest should be able to obtain some decent rewards with their abilities!

"What's the matter? hasn't anyone tried entering yet?"

At this moment, a voice sounded from the front.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

A True Dragon's son of Heaven looked around and spoke to all the gods faintly.

This was because the South Pole's divine tomb was the first to be born. The number of gods who came here was far more than the North Pole's divine tomb. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

At this moment, hundreds of thousands of people had gathered around and were looking at the divine tomb in front of them.

"This true dragon son of Heaven, you can go and try!"

A God from the Sacred Hall looked at him and said with a smile.

"Hehe, there's a light-attributed god Lord inside. You should be the first to enter!"

The True Dragon Son of Heaven looked at the gods from the Sacred Hall and said indifferently.

Boom

Just as he finished speaking, he waved his arm and a huge dragon claw grabbed towards the people behind him.

"Not good!"

"Oh no, what is the son of heaven doing?"

The expressions of those below the divine realm changed drastically when they saw this.

Especially those hundreds of people who were covered by the Dragon Claw, they ran away in shock.

However, with their strength, how could they avoid the son of Heaven's Dragon Claw.

"Let me go, let me go!"

"Wuwu, Lord Son of Heaven, let me go!"

The hundreds of people who were caught were filled with despair as they cried out for help.

"Hehe, go scout the way!"

The son of heaven smiled faintly as he threw them up the stairs!

"Go in, whoever dares to retreat will die!"

A cold voice sounded from the son of Heaven's mouth and entered everyone's ears.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Hundreds of people fell at the entrance and when they heard his words, their faces were filled with fear.

"No No, I'm not going in, I'm not going in!"

A youth shouted out in fear.

"Peng!"

However, just as he finished speaking, his body exploded.

"TSK TSK, since you want to obtain an opportunity, you have to be prepared to die. What? You want us to scout for You Ants?"

The true dragon son of Heaven coldly said.

His ruthless voice caused the expressions of the hundreds of thousands of people behind him to change.

However, when the surrounding gods saw this scene, their expressions didn't change at all. Instead, they quietly watched.

Just as the true dragon son of Heaven had said, if one wanted to obtain an opportunity, one had to pay a price, even the price of their lives.

As for letting them scout? How was that possible! !

The other few hundred people saw the youth whose body had exploded, and despair appeared on their faces.

Their bodies trembled violently as they walked forward!

"Peng, Peng, Peng!"

Just as they stepped onto the first step, a ray of light flashed, and their bodies instantly disappeared.

They had been completely purified!

"Hiss!"

Seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a deep breath of cold air. Even the gods'eyes shone with a strange light.

"This... This is a complete suicide mission!"

"The gods won't let us continue to explore, right?"

The hundreds of thousands of people behind were panicking as they spoke in fear.

Wang Xian and the rest frowned slightly. This divine tomb in front of them was much more dangerous than the one in the North Pole!

"I can't see any clues at all. Perhaps only the gods will be able to discover some clues when they go over!"

The true dragon son of heaven frowned slightly and looked around.

There were more than thirty gods in the area.

There were ten in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, about ten in the Sacred Hall, two in the true dragon son of Heaven, five in the Dragon King's faction, and some other gods.

Hearing the words of the true dragon son of heaven, the eyes of the gods in the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall flickered and looked at each other.

They slowly scanned their surroundings.

Some of the gods who were alone saw this scene and knew that it wasn't good. Their faces were filled with wariness!

"Boom!"

At this moment, a ring of fire appeared in the sky. The eight gods and tens of thousands of subordinates of the Fire God Palace slowly appeared!

"Eh? Suixinhuo, Suiyan, didn't you go to the North Pole's divine tomb? Why are you here?"

An elder from the holy church asked them plainly.

"Let's take a look over here!"

When suixinhuo, Suiyan, and the other gods in the throne of the god of fire heard the elder's words, their expressions turned sour.

"Eh? It's that scoundrel, sister. It's that scoundrel!"

When the gods in the throne of the god of fire appeared, Hua'er and Cai'er saw Suixinhuo in the middle. Their expressions changed slightly as they spoke angrily.

"Eh? What's wrong, Girl?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned as he looked at the two girls.

"Daddi, it's that scoundrel. When we lit the divine fire, they wanted to recruit us. My sister and I didn't agree. In the end, they wanted to snatch our divine kingdom and even wanted to kill us!"

Hua'er said angrily.

"Is that so?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at the group of people in the palace of the god of fire in the sky.

"Huh?"

In the sky, as a god, he could sense the gazes of everyone around him. When suixinhuo sensed Hua'er's gaze, he immediately turned his head to look.

When he saw Hua'er and Cai'er's faces, he was slightly stunned. A terrifying murderous intent shot out from his eyes instantly.

"Just now, you seemed to be saying that you want the godly state experts to scout ahead?"

Suixin Huo's eyes were filled with awe. His gaze swept across the surrounding gods before finally locking onto Hua'er and Cai'er.

When everyone heard his words, they were slightly stunned!