Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1956: 1956, go and scout the way, or you will die

In front of the main tomb of the South Pole God, everyone looked at the group of people in the Fire God Palace in surprise.

He wanted a godly state expert to scout the way in front?

What did he mean by that?

Seeing the murderous look in Suixinhuo's eyes, everyone looked at the place he was looking at.

When they realized that it was the direction of the Dragon King and the rest, everyone was stunned again.

When Wang Xian saw suixin Huo looking over, a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

He didn't expect that the experts from the palace of the god of fire had injured his two little girls. If he knew, he would have left them here when they were at the North Pole just now!

"Perhaps only the gods can probe them!"

When the son of Heaven of the true dragon saw suixin Huo's gaze, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly as he said directly.

"Suixin Huo, what's going on?"

Suiyan and the others looked at suixin Huo who was filled with killing intent and asked with furrowed brows.

"Senior martial brother, Huozhi and Liu Yan were killed by those two girls!"

Suixin Huo said to the experts of the Fire God Palace with a gloomy expression.

Last time, two of his best subordinates were killed by a sneak attack and didn't even have the chance to revive, causing him to burn with anger.

Unfortunately, he hadn't been able to keep those two girls last time. He hadn't expected to meet them here today.

"It's them?"

The other gods in the Fire God Palace instantly revealed cold expressions. They all stared at Hua Cai'er.

A killing intent gathered on their bodies.

Just now, at the North Pole, they had almost been killed by that expert. Their hearts were already burning with anger, and they felt incomparably sullen.

Now that they had met the two people who had killed the god of fire palace, they naturally found a place to vent their anger.

"HMPH, it's you who are courting death. Do you want to recruit us? You even want to steal our things. You Bunch of scoundrels deserve to die!"

Hua'er heard their words and similarly shouted at them with an icy expression.

"You two little girls who are courting death. I want to see where you want to run to now!"

Suixin Huo's body shook, and flames instantly rose. In the sky above him, a cloud of fire condensed.

His gaze was fixed on Hua'er Cai'er, and it was filled with a sinister expression!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In the surroundings, the gods of the Fire God Palace immediately flew around and surrounded Hua'er Cai'er and the others.

"I'll give you a chance to live. Step on the stairs to the entrance!"

"Otherwise, you will die!"

Suiyan looked at the entrance of the divine tomb and growled in a low voice filled with killing intent.

"The throne room of the god of fire, I think all of you are courting death!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across all of them. His eyes were filled with killing intent as he spoke with a solemn face.

"This..."

Everyone around was astonished when they saw this scene.

Even the gods were stunned.

No one had expected this to happen!

"Haha, Are We Courting Death? If you dare to kill the god of the Fire God Palace, you will have to pay a heavy price. If these two little girls don't step onto the stairs today, I will let them enjoy the pain of being burned by flames!"

"What? You, a mere dragon king, want to make an enemy out of the Fire God Palace?"

"Don't think that just because your dragon king has some strength, you dare to be arrogant in front of the throne of the Fire God Palace. Don't provoke us!"

Suixin Huo stared at Wang Xian and said coldly.

"So what if we provoke them?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled and he looked slightly embarrassed.

Beside him, the members of the Dragon Palace had murderous intent in their eyes. They were ready to fight at any time.

"Father, we are not their match!"

Cai'er frowned when she saw this scene. She pulled his arm and said to Wang Xian worriedly.

"Father? Those two girls are the daughters of the Dragon King!"

"Hiss, this, the throne of the Fire God Palace is not going to fight with the Dragon King, right?"

"It seems that when the Dragon King killed the yamen God, it was because of his daughters. I didn't expect that his two daughters had ignited the divine fire!"

"They shouldn't be his biological daughters. Those two girls are obviously gods who have been resurrected. However, the Dragon King and the others have the strength of five gods. If they fight, the Lingxiao treasured palace will pay attention to them!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"The Dragon King's strength is not bad, but he might be weaker than the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the sacred hall, the throne room of the Fire God Palace, the True Dragon Association, and the son of Heaven of the Devil Dragon!"

Everyone looked shocked when they saw the conflict between the throne of the Fire God Palace and the Dragon King, as well as some grudges.

Ever since the Dragon King displayed his terrifying strength last time, it instantly shook the entire earth.

Soon after, the Sacred True Dragon Association was established, and the demonic dragon son of heaven destroyed the pyramid forces!

As a result, the forces of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the sacred hall, the throne of the Fire God Palace, the Sacred True Dragon Association, the Demonic Dragon Son of Heaven, and the Dragon King became the most powerful existences on Earth.

Some people ranked these forces, and the weakest force was probably the Dragon King's force.

The five gods on the Dragon King's side were still a bit inferior to the Fire God Palace's Luan.

"However, they shouldn't be able to fight. After all, the five gods on the Dragon King's side, even if the fire god Palace's Luan can destroy them, there's still a chance that some of the gods on his side will perish together!"

Seeing the conflict between the Dragon King and the throne of the Fire God Palace, some people were slightly worried for the Dragon King and the rest as they spoke in a low voice.

Some people nodded in agreement. After all, the divine tomb was right in front of them. Weakening the strength of the throne of the Fire God Palace would not be beneficial to it!

"TSK TSK, I've always heard that the Dragon King is extremely arrogant. If that's the case, do you really think that five gods are enough to fight against the throne of the Fire God Palace?"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, suixin, huohuo, and Suiyan narrowed their eyes slightly. There was a hint of madness in their eyes.

"HMPH, if you really want to fight, it won't do you any good either!"

Hua Er swept her gaze across the eight godly state experts. She frowned and snorted coldly at them.

"Haha, the throne of the Fire God Palace has descended from a distant star field. Why would we be afraid of You?"

"The Majesty of the throne of the Fire God Palace is not something a Puny Dragon King can provoke!"

"Now, I'll give you three seconds to consider. You two little girls go and scout the way. Otherwise, you will die. If You Dragon King Dare to stop us, then we will die together!"

Suixin Huo roared with a furious face!

Not long ago, the throne of the Fire God Palace was almost destroyed by that mysterious person, which made them come here in a sorry state.

How could they, who were already filled with anger, fear a Dragon King!

The might of the throne of the Fire God Palace could not be violated!

"Haha, good, good, everyone who supports the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

"Haha, sometimes our major forces should show their proper dignity and let some ants know the consequences of provoking us!"

As soon as Suixinhuo finished speaking, several gods beside him and the gods of the Sacred Hall said with smiles on their faces.

They were happy to see this scene. They were happy to see the gods step up the stairs to test the waters.

"Hiss... the gods of the Fire God Palace are so powerful!"

"Now the Dragon King and the others are in trouble. Judging from the attitude of the Fire God Palace, if the Dragon King were to protect the two girls, he would probably be attacked by the eight gods of the Fire God Palace!"!