Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1957: 1957, on the dusk of the Fire God Palace

Behind them, hundreds of thousands of people looked at the powerful gods of the Fire God Palace and were amazed.

This was the power of the Fire God Palace and the majesty of the Fire God Palace.

They looked at the Dragon King and the others sympathetically.

The Dragon King was already very powerful to be able to reach this stage, but there was still a slight gap between him and the top forces that had descended.

"After all, the Dragon King's faction is still a little weak. Although there are five gods, their overall strength is a little weaker than the true dragon gathering!"

Everyone thought to themselves as they looked at the Dragon King with flickering eyes.

They were waiting for the Dragon King's decision.

The atmosphere instantly became solemn.

"Hehe, looks like that Xiao ran's master is going to be unlucky today!"

At the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace, Jin Feng's face was full of smiles as he watched this scene. The middle-aged god beside him also smiled faintly!

"Dad, we are preparing to escape!"

Hua'er and Cai'er revealed a hint of anxiety on their faces as they transmitted their voices to Wang Xian.

"I should have killed you guys just now!"

"But it's not too late now!"

Wang Xian stroked the heads of the two girls and uttered a sentence that made everyone around him feel baffled!

A hint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes!

"Kill!"

"PFFT!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a piercing sound came from the sky.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Following that, the sound of an arrow attack instantly resonated in front of the tomb of the gods.

"What?"

The sudden explosion shocked everyone!

"Roar!"

"You want to kill our little princess? Why Don't you see if we agree to it?"

"Hehehe, we just arrived here, and now we can have a big fight. It's So Cool!"

"Ao Xingmu, lock them up. Leave No one alive!"

Just as everyone was in a daze, wild and untamed voices suddenly sounded.

Everyone was slightly shocked and looked at the people beside the Dragon King in shock.

Even the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall were shocked.

"Bang!"

In the sky, the corpse of a god of Fire Palace fell to the ground.

Everyone saw a flash of light, followed by the death of a God with two wisps of divine fire.

This...

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

With a series of violent roars, Ao Qitian stared at the two top-tier experts of the Fire God Palace in the middle of the sky. A blood-red airwave rushed toward them.

A thousand-meter-long ocean-pacifying divine needle smashed toward them.

It was extremely violent.

The terrifying arrow slashed through the air and attacked the surrounding gods.

"Crackle!"

"Clang!"

The violent thunder and lightning suddenly resounded in the sky. Countless Thunderbolts began to cover the entire sky. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A cold sword light pierced into everyone's ears.

A golden radiance flashed and attacked a god of the Fire God Palace.

"Roar! Roar!"

Flames lit up the sky and another beast roar was heard. Ao fenghuang transformed into a thousand-meter-large body. He spread his wings and emitted a terrifying pressure.

The eight-limbed Devil Sha let out a strange cry. His body was shrouded in darkness. A deathly stillness came from their bodies and locked onto the two gods in a teasing manner.

At this moment, other than Ao tuxing who was standing beside Wang Xian, the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace had all moved!

There were a total of nine godly state experts. All of them had ignited a wisp of divine fire.

Among them, Ao Qitian and AO xingmu, who were the strongest, had the ability to fight three levels above them.

Ao Yao also had the ability to easily assassinate three wisps of divine fire gods.

As for the other members of the Dragon Palace, they were all able to fight one level above them.

When AO qitian, AO xingmu, and the other nine attacked, all the gods in the Fire God Palace in the sky were completely stunned.

Especially the two of them, suixin, flame, and Suiyan. When they saw a god being assassinated in an instant and Ao Qitian and Ao Xingmu attacking with terrifying auras, their faces were filled with shock.

How was this possible?

Didn't the Dragon King's forces only have five gods? Was the strongest only comparable to two wisps of Divine Fire?

Now, that berserk devil monkey and treant-like creature were emitting auras that even they were extremely afraid of.

There was also that incomparably terrifying creature hiding in the void.

Just what kind of existence had they provoked? !

"Ah!"

At this moment, a miserable cry sounded. The God of divine fire in the Fire God Palace was looking at his body with fear.

In front of them, Ba Qi was standing in front of him with a ghastly and terrifying face. He looked at the god who was gradually turning into blood and let out a loud cry.

"No, no, no!"

The God of divine fire cried out with fear on his face. He could only watch as his body was rapidly melting.

At this moment, he was incomparably terrified. Just what kind of existence had they provoked.

Once he was completely turned into blood, he wouldn't even have the possibility of being revived.

"Keke, die, die!"

The eight-headed God cried out strangely as he looked at the god with a ghastly gaze!

"Not good, senior brother, save us!"

At this moment, a terrified cry for help sounded from beside him.

Everyone looked over at the same time. Another god with a wisp of divine fire was on the verge of death.

In front of him was Mo Sha, who was at the same level as Old Yabi.

The eight points and Mo Sha's poison were extremely terrifying. Even the other members of the Dragon Palace who were at the same level were extremely fearful.

"This, this, this..."

Seeing this scene, everyone around was shocked. Even the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's sacred hall narrowed their eyes slightly.

"All of his strength is comparable to lighting two wisps of divine fire. Some of them are even more terrifying!"

"Hiss, nine experts with at least two wisps of divine fire. And this is the Dragon King, his two daughters, and the one holding a shield beside him. There are still four god-level experts who haven't made a move. Oh My God!"

"Gulp, what kind of existence is the Dragon King? He actually has ten god-level subordinates, and all of them are so terrifying!"

"Is his strength comparable to the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall? Even the Sacred True Dragon Union will have to kneel before this power!"

A series of shocking voices sounded.

In the sky in front of the majestic divine tomb, the nine subordinates of the Dragon King completely suppressed the Fire God Palace's throne.

In less than a minute, two fire god Palace's throne gods were killed, and a few of them were on the verge of death!

The battle only broke out in a split second!

"Damn it, how could this be!"

Both suixinhuo and Suiyan were filled with fear. They glanced around with gloomy faces.

"Roar, those who offend our Dragon Palace will die!"

Ao Qitian roared and threw the ocean-pacifying needle at Suiyan!

"Don't even think about saving them. Just watch them die one by one. In the end, it will be your turn!"

Ao Xingmu waved the branches under him. Each branch was like a divine tree, filled with barbs. It was extremely terrifying!