Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1958: In the evening of 1958, in the Fire God Palace

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying battle broke out in the sky above the South Pole. Ao Qitian and AO xingmu had completely locked onto the flame and the flame.

As the most powerful dragon species in the Dragon Palace, the two of them had the ability to fight three levels above them.

With their strength, they could easily deal with the two of them.

As for the gods of the Fire God Palace, they weren't so lucky.

Of the remaining six fire God Palace gods, two had lit two wisps of divine fire, and the other four were all gods with one wisp of divine fire.

There was a huge gap between the other seven members of the Dragon Palace.

"Run, run, run!"

The fight lasted less than a minute, and the gods of the Fire God Palace turned around and fled in fear.

The gap between them was simply too big. They were simply not a match for them!

"If you want to escape, can you?"

Mou Zesen held a longbow in his hand, and ten arrows were drawn on it.

"Roar!"

Each arrow transformed into a terrifying wind dragon and chased after the gods who wanted to escape.

"All of them are gods with strength above two wisps of divine fire. How are we supposed to fight them? !"

The gods of the Fire God Palace were filled with terror.

With their strength, they had instantly killed two of them. Facing seven powerful gods, they were simply courting death.

"Die!"A God with two wisps of divine fire couldn't help but let out a low roar of terror.

"Keke, how are we supposed to fight them? I don't know how to fight them. They are still as arrogant as before. Die!"

Ba Qi waved his arm, and drops of black poisonous snake-like energy shot forward.

At least 100 million black poisonous snakes covered an area of more than 100 kilometers in the sky.

"Crackle, Crackle!"

"Thunder Dragon Lock Domain!"

Ao Qi stood in the distance and waved the thunder hammer in his hand with a calm expression.

Countless bolts of lightning sealed the surroundings and watched this scene indifferently!

"Pu!"

"Ah!"

In the sky, one of the four sealed gods suddenly let out a miserable cry.

Beside him, a streak of light flickered, followed by another two wisps of divine fire that descended.

"A bunch of trash, quickly finish them off!"

Ao Yao's voice rang out in the void.

"Die!"

Ao Jian wielded his metal sword and swung it forward.

Lightning, arrows, sword rays, and black poisonous snakes!

Terrifying attacks came one after another as the three gods of the Fire God Palace attacked.

Each attack covered an area of 50 to 60 kilometers. Such terrifying attacks could wipe out an entire city in an instant.

"Senior brother, Save Us, save us!"

The three gods'desperate voices rang out.

"No, Dragon King, I want you all to Die!"

When Suiyan heard the screams of the fallen, his eyes turned blood-red. With a move of his arm, the Divine Mountain of fire stream appeared in his hand.

The entire divine mountain was the size of a palm, and there were streams of terrifying lava flowing on it.

With a wave of his arm, the entire Divine Mountain of fire stream instantly became bigger.

The Divine Mountain turned into a terrifying mountain that was 100,000 meters tall. Lava flowed on top of it, and the temperature inside reached at least a few thousand degrees Celsius.

What kind of concept was this? It was close to the temperature of the sun!

Crash

In an instant, the temperature around the south pole reached over 100 degrees.

The surrounding ice and frost melted rapidly and turned into seawater.

"Be careful!"

"Xingmu, catch!"

Wang Xian looked at the Divine Flaming Mountain and reminded Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, and the rest.

Not long ago, Suiyan had used this divine weapon to block ao crab's attack.

One had to know that ao crab's combat strength was comparable to a god with six wisps of divine fire. One could imagine how powerful this divine weapon was.

He waved his arm and threw the god striking branch to Ao Xingmu. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The God striking branch, in Ao Xingmu's hands, could erupt with even more powerful attacks!

"Endless wood, God striking branch, bind!"

Ao Xingmu took the god striking branch, looked at the incomparably terrifying divine weapon, and waved his arm.

Boom

A divine kingdom appeared behind him. It looked like a dragon's den, with sparks of fire and thorns falling from it!

Countless flaming thorns flew towards the Divine Fire Mountain.

A shocking scene appeared in the sky. Countless thorns fell from the sky and flew towards the 100,000-meter-tall mountain.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The god-beating branches landed on the divine weapon and turned slightly red!

"Fire stream divine mountain, explode!"

When Suiyan saw that Ao Xingmu was actually twining around the entire divine weapon, his expression changed slightly as he shouted loudly.

"Rumble!"

Following that, the entire divine mountain seemed to explode. Waves of sharp flaming rocks shot towards the countless thorns.

Crack! Crack! Crack

In an instant, half of the thorns were broken, causing ao Xingmu's expression to change slightly!

"Kill this guy first, then help ao Xingmu!"

Ba Qi stared at suixinhuo and roared.

"Kill!"

In an instant, the other leaders of the Dragon Palace assisted ao Qitian in attacking Suixinhuo.

Ao Yaoyao's figure was hidden in the surroundings, ready to launch a fatal attack at any time!

"Get lost!"

Seeing that only the two of them were left in the Fire God Palace, Suixinhuo's heart pounded violently.

With a wave of his arm, a divine kingdom of the Fire Palace appeared in the sky and smashed toward the eight-headed ao Jian and the others!

"Roar, you dare to be distracted while fighting with me!"

Ao Qitian's body trembled when he saw Suixinhuo release his divine kingdom. Behind him, a Dragon Cave of the Divine Kingdom also appeared.

Inside his divine kingdom, there were blood-red chains. Apart from the violent aura, there was also brutality.

The blood-red chains formed an armor, looking extremely powerful.

"Blood chain armor, Mad Dragon Throne!"

Ao Qitian roared, and the chains in the divine kingdom instantly wrapped around his body.

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

Ao Qitian's body grew rapidly, reaching a size of 3,000 meters.

The blood-red chains wrapped around his body, leaving only three terrifying pupils with Gouyu.

Behind him, the Dragon Cave of the divine kingdom turned into a blood-red throne.

In an instant, the energy in AO Qitian's body became even more violent.

The sea-pacifying needle was covered by the blood-red chains. He raised the needle and smashed it heavily toward Suixinhuo's divine kingdom.

"Boom!"

A tremendous force landed on the divine kingdom, causing the entire divine kingdom to fly into the sky.

"Pu!"

Suixinhuo's expression instantly changed, and he spat out a mouthful of blood!

"Kill!"

At this moment, numerous powerful attacks from the leader of the Dragon Palace attacked him.

The entire world was covered in all sorts of energy!

"The difference is too great. The entire fire god Palace's six gods died in an instant. These are gods!"

"How can the Dragon King have such powerful subordinates? The Fire God Palace is in danger this time!"

"Six gods died in less than a minute, and there are only two gods left in the Fire God Palace. Is this the true strength of the Dragon King?"

"Every time the dragon king erupts with an extremely terrifying power, he becomes stronger and stronger. The Fire God Palace didn't expect that they would kick an iron plate this time!"

A series of shocking voices sounded from below!