Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1959: In 1959, under the dusk of the Fire God Palace

"How is this possible? How can the Dragon King have such powerful subordinates? The demon monkey and the plant-type creature both have at least two attributes. This..."

It was not only the hundreds of thousands of ordinary people behind him who were shocked. At the position closest to the divine tomb, the eyes of the gods were also filled with shock.

Jin Feng looked up at the horrifying battle in the sky with a shocked face. All the subordinates of the Dragon King were not weaker than him.

What kind of concept was this?

Besides the top-level combat strength, their lingxiao treasured palace was not as strong as the subordinates of the Dragon King!

They were the gods who had descended, and they were the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

"Phew, this dragon king really exceeded our expectations. What kind of opportunity did he get?"

Ji Lingfei's senior brother took a deep breath and looked in front of him with surprise, his eyes shining.

The other immortals and gods of the Lingxiao Palace were also shocked.

"The divine weapon of the Fire God Palace is almost as powerful as the four wisps of divine fire. This is the biggest trump card of the Fire God Palace, but it's still being held back. That plant-type creature is almost as powerful as the four wisps of Divine Fire!"

In the Sacred Hall, an old man with white hair watched the battle in the sky with a heavy expression.

At this moment, the Dragon King's strength was enough to make even the Sacred Hall's heart palpitate.

The two forces were so shocked, not to mention the surrounding immortals and gods. Even the sons of Heaven of the true dragons had solemn expressions on their faces.

The current force of the Dragon King could easily kill the sons of Heaven of the true dragons.

"Roar Roar, prison lock Mad Dragon, Kill!"

Suddenly, violent sounds came from the sky.

Ao Qitian was covered by the chain armor, and countless blood-red chains came out from the throne behind him, completely surrounding him and Suixinhuo.

A radius of dozens of kilometers was covered by the chains.

The Gouyu in AO Qitian's three eyes was spinning rapidly. He held the ocean-pacifying divine needle and threw it directly at suixinhuo. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The leaders of the Dragon Palace were watching from the back.

They knew that Suixinhuo would definitely die under this attack.

A God with three wisps of divine fire was much weaker than AO qitian.

Even if he had a powerful divine kingdom.

"No!"

Suixinhuo looked at AO qitian, who was ferocious and brutal, and felt the power on his body. His face was full of fear.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The blood-red chains wrapped around the ocean-pacifying divine needle and landed on the divine kingdom in front of him.

The powerful fire palace collapsed instantly, and the last attack landed on his body.

"We... Our Fire God Palace will not let you go. Just you wait, just you wait!"

With blood-red eyes, Suixinhuo roared at AO qitian and the others, and the life force on his body slowly dissipated.

"Hualala!"

Ao Qitian waved his arm, and countless blood-red chains returned to the throne beside him.

"Fire Stream Divine Mountain, Mountain Rain, explode!"

At this moment, a furious voice sounded in the sky beside him.

In the sky above the divine tomb, Suiyan felt the disappearance of Suiyan's life force, and a ferocious look appeared on his face.

The entire 100,000-meter-tall divine mountain with a diameter of 10,000 meters directly erupted with Flaming Mountains.

Thousands of Flaming Mountains smashed toward Ao Xingmu, destroying the world!

The terrifying flames covered an area of more than 1,000 kilometers.

"Hiss!"

Seeing this scene, the hundreds of thousands of ordinary people were filled with shock!

If this had happened on Earth in the past, it would have caused the entire earth to tremble.

"Roar! Roar! Roar! You are the only God left in the Fire God Palace! Prepare to die!"

Ao Qitian looked in Ao Xingmu's direction and roared. He held the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand and smashed it towards the Flaming Mountains.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The rod smashed into the Flaming Mountains one after another, sending them flying to the side.

Ao Xingmu swung countless dark red thorns and lashed them towards the Flaming Mountains.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Crackle! Crackle!"

"Clang! Clang!"

"Roar! Roar!"

The other seven leaders of the Dragon Palace immediately attacked the Flaming Mountains one by one.

The Flaming Mountains landed in the sky above the divine tombs and were directly defeated by the divine light-winged tiger!

At a height of more than 100,000 meters, when Suiyan saw this scene, his face was extremely ugly.

His body was trembling, and his face was twisted.

They would never have thought that this would be the situation when they wanted to use the Dragon King to show the majesty of the Fire God Palace and avenge the two gods in the Fire God Palace.

He was the only one left alive in the entire fire God Palace.

Next, he would have to face the siege of the Dragon King's subordinates.

"Not good!"

Just as he was floating in the sky above the fire stream divine mountain and his mind was running wild, he felt a sense of danger!

This shocked him as he thought of the black and white terrifying figure.

"Divine Mountain, protect me!"

He quickly shouted as his body drilled into the divine weapon.

"PFFT!"

However, at this moment, he felt a chill on his lower body as a destructive energy melted his lower body!

"Ah, die, Sacred Mountain's core!"

Suiyan roared as an extremely powerful energy erupted from the sacred mountain!

"Nothingness!"

Ao Yao sensed the fire energy that could kill him. With a low roar, the sacred mountain's core penetrated his body and quickly fled into the distance!

"What?"

Seeing ao Yao Dodge the attack that could severely injure the four wisps of divine fire, Suiyan was horrified.

"Kill!"

"Kill him, Keke!"

At this moment, cold voices caused Suiyan's expression to change drastically.

He looked at his lower body, which had completely disappeared. His expression was incomparably malevolent, and traces of despair surged into his heart!

The strongest divine artifact they had brought this time was actually restrained. Of the dozen or so gods that had descended, three had fallen midway, and two had been killed by the Dragon King's two daughters!

Now, he was the only one left who had been killed by the Dragon King's subordinates.

He knew that he was absolutely not a match for the Dragon King's subordinates. The only thing that awaited him was death!

"Dragon King, just you wait. Even if I become a ghost, I won't let you off!"

"If I can live, I'll Be Your Nightmare in the future!"

Suiyan shouted shrilly as his body moved.

What happened next shocked everyone. He merged his entire body into the divine weapon. The entire divine fire mountain shrank to ten meters in size as he crashed into the divine tomb below.

"This... the strongest person in the divine fire palace has been forced to this extent?"

"This is a narrow escape. He actually wants to barge into the divine tomb!"

When everyone saw Suiyan's desperate actions, they were all shocked.

When the gods saw Suiyan colliding into the divine tomb like a meteor, their hearts trembled.

The forces of the gods that had once suppressed Earth were about to come to an end!

Today was truly the dusk of the Fire God Palace!