Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1960: 1960 ignited the divine fire

"Boom!"

In the sky above God Lord Guangyi's tomb, a ten-meter-large, concentrated sun-like force crashed into the divine tomb.

The enormous sound caused the entire divine tomb to tremble slightly.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A divine tiger condensed from the light attribute attacked the divine flaming mountain.

At least dozens of divine tigers with the strength of the divine realm pounced on the Divine Fire Mountain.

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

Soon, the Divine Fire Mountain collapsed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!"

The four wisps of divine weapons let out a final sorrowful cry.

"Boom!"

An extremely powerful flame rose in the sky above the divine tomb. Dozens of divine tigers disappeared under this terrifying flame.

A powerful divine weapon was completely destroyed.

At the sight of this scene, everyone's faces were filled with shock!

At this point, the power of the Fire God Palace would no longer exist.

Everyone looked at this scene in shock and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

They slowly looked at the Dragon King's subordinates.

The tyrannical demon monkey, the sacred and powerful plant-type creature, the berserk thunder-type creature with a spear in one hand and lightning in the other, the ice-cold Swordsman, the powerful archer, and the eerie and terrifying two middle-aged men...

Each of them was exuding a terrifying aura!

"Too strong!"

A God who had lit the divine fire couldn't help but exclaim.

"Yeah, too strong. The Dragon King's force is probably no weaker than the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall, right?"

"Maybe not stronger than the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall, but definitely stronger than all the other forces!" VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I wonder where the Dragon King has so many terrifying subordinates. It's simply too shocking!"

"The Dragon King didn't make a move in this battle at all. His two daughters didn't make a move either. Even so, they still completely crushed the fire god Palace's Throne!"

Shocked voices came from behind.

They looked at the Dragon King and his subordinates with reverence.

This time, the fire god Palace's Luan perfectly demonstrated what it meant to court death!

At first, he had arrogantly asked the Dragon King's daughter to scout ahead of the divine tomb, but now it had become like this. It was really ironic.

"If... If I had known earlier, I would have listened to junior sister!"

In the middle of the Lingxiao treasured palace, the middle-aged god was slightly shocked as he watched this scene.

When he had heard his junior sister say that she had joined forces with the Dragon King, he had scoffed. However, the strength that the Dragon King had displayed now even made them fear him!

That's right, fear. The current Dragon King had the same level of strength as their Lingxiao treasured palace.

"The Dragon King must not know about that Xiao ran!"

The middle-aged man immediately transmitted his voice to Jin Feng.

"I know!"

Jin Feng also nodded with a solemn expression.

From the Dragon King's killing of Yamen God to the Dragon King's killing of the two gods of Huangshan, and then to the Dragon King's killing of the throne of the Fire God Palace.

The Dragon King's strength was enough to shock Jin Feng.

Not far away, the eyes of the gods of the sacred hall were shining.

"It seems that the alliance with the Lingxiao treasured palace must be carried out as soon as possible!"

The old man in the middle of the holy church muttered as he looked in the direction of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

When the middle-aged man saw the old man's gaze, he nodded his head slowly.

"What a pity. Moreover, they are both fire-attributed divine kingdoms!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly regretfully when he saw Suiyan crashing into the divine tomb with the divine weapon.

The corpse of a God with three wisps of divine fire could at least give birth to two gods in the Dragon Palace.

"However, this harvest is not bad!"

Wang Xian smiled. Seven gods could at least add another five to six godly state members to the Dragon Palace. In addition to the resources in their divine kingdom!

"I wonder if all the resources in the throne room of the Fire God Palace are enough to ignite the divine fire by myself!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, the group of leaders of the Dragon Palace returned to his back. They put away the divine kingdom and the corpse of the god of the throne room of the god of fire and shouted respectfully.

"Let's go to the throne room of the god of Fire!"

Wang Xian glanced at them in satisfaction and looked at Hua er cai ER.

"Brother Daddi is Mighty!"

Hua Er's small face was filled with excitement as she held onto Wang Xian's arm and shouted loudly.

Cai'er, who was at the side, held onto her other arm and was also filled with happiness.

They thought that Wang Xian was no match for them. However, they didn't expect that the members of the Dragon Palace who were following them were actually so powerful.

Each and every one of them possessed strength that was even stronger than them.

The faction that bullied them was killed immediately.

"Hehe, let's Go!"

Wang Xian smiled at them and teleported in the direction of the throne room of the Fire God Palace.

The members of the Dragon Palace followed closely behind.

"Phew!"

Seeing the Dragon King and the rest leaving, everyone had a look of awe on their faces.

"This throne room of the Fire God Palace should belong to a powerful divine kingdom!"

Soon, Wang Xian and the rest arrived in the sky above the throne room of the Fire God Palace. Wang Xian's body shook and the Dragon Shadow Divine Kingdom appeared behind him.

Buzz

The powerful palace that had descended to earth more than ten years ago had completely disappeared from Earth.

"There are really a lot of treasures in there!"

Sensing the spiritual herbs and other items in the palace, Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

As the gods that had descended to earth after the Earth's metamorphosis, the Fire God Palace was much stronger than the pyramid and the Divine Sea Palace.

They had obtained many treasures in the ancient lands.

"Ao Yao, go and check on the situation at the South Pole Tomb. Inform anyone who finds a way to enter immediately!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Wang Xian instructed ao Yao.

The South Pole tomb was different from the north pole tomb. Based on the current situation, it would be difficult to enter the south pole tomb.

In fact, without absolute strength, one might not even be able to enter a tomb.

There was no need for Wang Xian to wait there. Since he had already entered the tomb at the North Pole, he would be satisfied as long as he could obtain some treasures.

"Let's go back. There's no need to join in the fun!"

Wang Xian said to the two girls as he teleported to the villa in Jiang City.

"You two girls can play by the side. I'll see if I can ignite the Divine Fire!"

As Wang Xian spoke to the two girls, he went straight to the top of the villa.

The resources obtained from destroying the imperial throne of the god of fire was enough to increase his strength.

As expected, he could ignite the divine fire today!

"If I can ignite the divine fire and lift up the divine kingdom, I will have the strength to kill five wisps of the Divine Fire God!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he took out various resources and placed them into his mouth. They were quickly converted into divine crystals.

Buzz

After an unknown period of time, Wang Xian felt his body tremble and transformed into the body of the Divine Dragon. The five-thousand-meter-long body of the Divine Dragon was coiled above the villa.

The seven-colored divine light emitted an extremely powerful dragon's might!