Chapter 1961: 1961 invitation to the Soaring Heavens Palace

The gigantic body of the dragon was emitting a seven-colored divine glow. Its 5,000-meter-long body was slowly growing.

In the villa, Hua Er Cai'er felt the pressure coming from above. She flew to the sky with a shocked expression.

When they saw the majestic and sacred seven-colored divine dragon, their small faces revealed a shocked expression.

Buzz

Wang Xian slowly opened his eyes. Above his head, a wisp of divine fire slowly condensed.

The divine fire was a seven-colored expression that emitted a divine glow. The divine glow slowly enveloped Wang Xian's entire body.

"Huh?"

However, at this moment, a hint of doubt flashed across Wang Xian's eyes. The system notification to level up did not ring out.

"There's still one more step to lift the divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian muttered in his heart as his eyes sparkled.

In order to become a god, one had to take two steps to ignite the divine fire and lift the Kingdom of God.

Only by doing these two steps could one condense the divine spark and become a true God.

Even if one ignited the divine fire, one could not be called a true God without the Kingdom of God.

This was because 90% of the power of a God came from the Kingdom of God.

The Kingdom of God was equivalent to a huge energy station. Without an energy station, a true God would not be able to release powerful energy.

"It seems like I need to upgrade the level of the Dragon Palace before I can lift the Kingdom of God!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He looked at the two shocked girls and smiled.

His body moved and returned to his human form!

"Daddi, was that... was that your true dragon body?"

The two girls flew over in shock and sized up Wang Xian from head to toe!

"HMM, how about it? Do You Want One?"

Wang Xian said to the two girls with a smile.

"Want one? Is it that easy to obtain the true dragon's body? Also, Daddi, your true dragon's body looks much more powerful than the other true dragon's sons of Heaven. It's simply too cool!"

Hua'er said with her mouth slightly agape.

"Dad, your divine fire has already been lit. Why didn't you lift up the divine kingdom? Where's the Divine Kingdom?"

Cai'er asked doubtfully from the side.

"I still need to wait for some things before I can become a god. There's no rush!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his head.

Currently, he was still lacking three divine kingdoms, namely the wood attribute, the Thunder attribute and the light attribute. Once the Dragon Palace devoured these three divine kingdoms, he would be able to become a god immediately.

However, he was not in a hurry. Currently, there were a group of members in the Dragon Palace. With ao crab around, there was no need for him to take care of things. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the next few days, Wang Xian stayed in the villa.

However, in these few days, the entire world was in an uproar.

Hundreds of millions of people had swarmed into the tomb of the Eternal God in the North Pole and South Pole. Countless people were frenziedly trying to enter the tomb of the Eternal God to look for their own opportunities!

As for what happened on the first day, it also shocked the world.

Many people didn't believe that the Dragon King and his men had destroyed the throne of the Fire God Palace at the beginning.

But as the videos appeared on the Internet, everyone was stunned.

The power of the Dragon King completely exceeded the expectations of the whole world.

The powerful subordinates of the Dragon King shocked everyone.

The forces of the entire world underwent a huge change again.

The rise of the Dragon King's forces also filled the natives on Earth with fighting spirit.

The Dragon King could reach his current level? Why couldn't he?

Why couldn't he become the chosen one.

As long as he could obtain an opportunity in the tomb of the Eternal God, he had a chance to become the main character of this world.

This was the tomb of the Eternal God, an existence that was even more powerful than the gods. If he could obtain the inheritance of the Eternal God...

Everyone held a belief.

Therefore, in a few short days, hundreds of millions of people poured into the north pole of the South Pole.

However, from the beginning to the end, not a single person was able to enter the tomb of the Southern Light Wing God.

On the contrary, it was the people in the North Pole who found the law of entry.

A few days later, all the gods and forces poured into the northern light wing God Lord's Divine Tomb, and over a hundred million people stepped into the Northern Light Wing God Lord's divine tomb.

Time slowly passed, and all kinds of news came from the Northern Light Wing God Lord's divine tomb every day.

Moreover, many people had obtained pills and weapons inside.

In just half a month, at least a few thousand people had risen to the demigod realm because of the divine tomb.

As time passed, more and more people obtained opportunities.

After all, it was the tomb of a god Lord, which was far higher than the God realm. Any spiritual herb in it was at least at the demigod level.

Of course, many people had also been buried in the god tomb. In half a month, at least a million people had been buried in the god tomb.

But this could not stop the crazy cultivators.

"Dragon King!"

Another month passed. The clone, ao crab, and the rest had returned from the tomb in the North Pole!

"If we can't enter those mountains, so be it. When we are strong enough, we can force our way in!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said faintly.

The things that happened when the clone, ao crab, and the rest went into the tomb were exactly the same as what he experienced.

Wang Xian was very clear about all the gains he obtained in the divine tomb.

He obtained a total of more than 20 divine herbs, ranging from the lowest grade divine herbs to the divine herbs with six wisps of divine fire.

He obtained a total of three divine artifacts!

A sword, a saber, and an eight divine fire pagoda!

As for the rest of the divine herbs at the demigod level, there were more than 1,000 of them!

A formation compass was a great harvest.

However, they were not able to enter the main peaks of the divine tomb.

Even the Ao Yao who possessed the characteristic of no formation was unable to enter the main peaks.

He was almost severely injured.

After searching for a month, Wang Xian asked them to return. If they continued searching, they might not be able to obtain much.

Furthermore, if they wanted to enter the peaks, they might have to risk their lives.

Wang Xian took the storage spiritual bag and the weapons one by one and sized them up.

The metal attribute sword and the metal attribute saber could be devoured by the five elements.

"Dragon King, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace has sent an invitation!"

At this moment, Mo Qinglong walked over and said to Wang Xian.

"Huh? An invitation from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

He took the invitation and narrowed his eyes slightly when he saw the words on it.

An invitation could also be considered an invitation.

A God from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace was engaged to a god from the holy church. The engagement would be held in the Lingxiao treasured palace ten days later.

At that time, the Dragon King would be invited to participate in the wedding banquet.

"Dragon King, as far as I know, the invitation from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace has invited quite a number of people. All the godly state experts and all the upper echelons of the forces have received the invitation!"

"According to Old Devil's Guess, this wedding banquet is more like the Lingxiao Treasured Palace announcing their alliance with the Holy Church. Otherwise, they wouldn't be making such a big fuss!"

Mo Qinglong said to Wang Xian from the side!

"They must be trying to establish their authority!"

Wang Xian looked at the invitation with his eyes gleaming.

His gaze landed on the two names at the back of the invitation.

One of them, Ji Lingfei!