Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1962: Xiao ran became a god in 1962

Consort Ji Ling, Wang Xian was naturally clear about this name, and Xiao ran was even more clear about it.

When Wang Xian first met her, he recognized her as a fallen God.

However, Wang Xian did not interfere with the matters of Xiao ran and the rest.

In his opinion, this was merely a matter of love between men and women.

That was until Xiao ran was killed!

Wang Xian didn't know if the Lingxiao Treasured Palace didn't think Xiao ran was worthy of Ji Lingfei or what was going on?

However, this enmity had already been formed!

"At this time, the marriage alliance with the Holy Church was held in such a grand manner. Naturally, it was to establish prestige!"

Wang Xian knocked on the table indifferently.

Ever since he came to Earth, with the passage of time, the prestige of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church was no longer as great as before.

Especially after the establishment of the True Dragon Association and the destruction of the Pyramid Fire God Palace.

And now, there was the tomb of the Eternal God!

Everyone understood that the gods who had descended back then were not invincible existences, and they would also fall.

As long as there were enough opportunities, they would be able to sit on the same level as the gods.

This undoubtedly dealt a huge blow to the prestige of the gods.

Now that the Dragon King and the true dragon son of Heaven were both so powerful, what would happen in the future?

Therefore, this invitation was obviously to announce to all the forces that the Lingxiao treasured palace was going to join forces with the Holy Church.

With their strength, once they joined forces, they would indeed be almost invincible.

As long as the other gods did not join forces, no one and no force would be a match for the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church!

"I wonder if this marriage is a result of Ji Lingfei's own will or..."

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. With a move of his body, he disappeared.

"Master!"

He hovered above Xiao Ran's villa.

Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin immediately sensed his arrival and immediately shouted respectfully.

"Can you ignite the Divine Fire?"

Wang Xian landed on the top floor of the villa and sized up Xiao ran.

Currently, his strength had already reached the peak of the demigod level.

However, reaching the peak of the demigod level did not mean that he could ignite the divine fire.

"Under master's nurturing, I have already reached the peak of the demigod level. I feel like I can ignite the divine fire anytime!"

"Master, I plan to go to the god's tomb in a few days to look for some materials to build my own divine kingdom!"

"When the divine kingdom is built, I have the confidence to become a God!"

Xiao ran looked at Wang Xian with a determined gaze.

After Wang Xian revived Xiao ran, he gave Xiao ran a lot of resources. These resources were enough for him to ignite the divine fire.

After consuming the eternal fire fetus and the ordinary fetus, his cultivation speed and comprehension ability were considered top-notch in the entire universe.

Wang Xian was not too surprised that Xiao ran was able to ignite the divine fire.

"It's too slow. I have a decent divine kingdom here. Fuse it and use it as your own divine kingdom. You can upgrade your divine kingdom in the future!"

Wang Xian shook his head at him. With a wave of his arm, a flaming divine kingdom with a circumference of 70 to 80 kilometers appeared in the sky.

The majestic power of the Flames made everyone in Jiang City look horrified.

"Is it the Dragon King? What Happened?"

Everyone in Jiang city was slightly shocked and quickly looked toward the direction of the sea.

However, other than being surprised, everyone in Jiang city was not too shocked.

The current Dragon King was the king of Jiang City and the god of Jiang City.

With the current power of the Dragon King, this flame palace that covered 70 to 80 kilometers in the sky was just a small scene.

"Master!"

Xiao ran raised his head and looked at this incomparably vast divine kingdom. His eyes were filled with excitement and gratitude.

"Enter this ownerless Divine Kingdom and fuse it as soon as possible. Light the divine fire and lift up the Divine Kingdom!"

Wang Xian instructed Xiao ran.

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran nodded respectfully.

He could no longer repay his master's kindness with just a few words.

Xiao ran's figure moved and flew directly into the Divine Kingdom of flames.

Liu mengxin, who was below, was delighted when she saw this scene.

She didn't expect that her brother would light up the divine fire and become a true God!

"Mengxin, have you guys been in contact with Ji Lingfei during this period of time?"

Wang Xian glanced at the sky and looked at Liu Mengxin as he asked faintly.

"Sister Lingfei?"

Liu Mengxin was slightly stunned when she heard his words. She frowned and shook her head.

"No. Ever since I heard from you that my brother's death was related to the Ling Xiao Palace, I haven't contacted Sister Lingfei!"

"Besides, I haven't told my brother about this matter either!"

She lowered her head slightly and said.

"Ask around. When Xiao ran becomes a god, give this to him!"

Wang Xian handed the invitation card to Liu Mengxin and said faintly to her.

"HMM?"

Liu Mengxin took the invitation card and widened her eyes slowly. "This... how is this possible? It's impossible. Sister Lingfei likes my brother so much. Furthermore, it was sister Lingfei who wanted to be together with my brother back then..."

When Wang Xian heard what Meng Xin said, a thoughtful look appeared on his face.

He didn't know the specifics. Everything would be left to them to settle.

"Within five days, Xiao ran should be able to ignite the divine fire and lift the Kingdom of God!"

Wang Xian took a glance at the sky and returned to the villa.

"What's going on? Why... Why Sister Lingfei..."

Liu mengxin frowned as she muttered to herself when she saw Wang Xian leaving.

She took out her phone and showed a hesitant expression.

"The invitation has been sent out. You should be prepared for the matter in ten days!"

"This marriage is related to the alliance between the two major forces. It's related to our future. We can't afford to make any mistakes!"

At this moment, in a courtyard of the Lingxiao Palace, a middle-aged man looked at Ji Lingfei who was sitting under a tree and said faintly. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I know!"

Ji Lingfei sat there and said expressionlessly and coldly.

"Okay!"

The middle-aged man glanced at her, then moved and teleported to the Pantheon Hall of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall!

"Brother Yuan Kui, is there any problem with Miss Ji Lingfei?"

Seeing the middle-aged man arrive, all the gods in the Pantheon Hall looked at him, and a middle-aged man asked.

"My master has already given the order, so there won't be any problems. This time, we must show the power of our Lingxiao Treasure Hall and intimidate the little ones!"

Yuan Kui stood in the center and said coldly.

"Now we have four more godly state experts. Apart from the Holy Church, the only one who can threaten us is the Dragon King!"

An old man said indifferently, "How should we deal with the Dragon King's strength?"

"In my opinion, the Dragon King's power doesn't matter at all. If we join forces with the Holy Church, as long as we can guarantee four years of invincibility, Earth will become our territory in four years!"

"At that time, it's just a Dragon King. Either submit or Die!"

A young God said faintly!