Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1964: In 1964, all the gods gathered in the sky

Mo Sha, Ba Qi, and AO qitian stood at the entrance of the stairs. They leaned against the wall and looked at Xiao ran with a smile.

The arrogant and sinister voice came from the mouths of Ba Qi and Mo Sha.

Xiao ran, who was sitting there, was slightly stunned and immediately stood up.

"Leaders, thank you!"

He said excitedly to Mo Sha and the others.

"No need to thank me. It's just a small matter. I like it the most when it comes to killing and arson!"

Ba Qi Laughed Sinisterly!

"I, AO qitian, am a little like the legendary Monkey King. The Lingxiao Treasure Hall is a little like the heavenly court in the legends. Hehe!"

Ao qitian laughed and said suddenly.

"Monkey King? Hehe, when the Dragon King Named You Monkey King, he probably saw that you looked like that monkey. However, although the legendary monkey king caused a ruckus in the Heavenly Palace, he was eventually suppressed!"

Ba Qi looked at AO qitian and said with a smile.

"Suppress me? With just them, the Demon War Department alone can destroy 100,000 of their heavenly troops and Heavenly Generals!"

Ao qitian snorted coldly, and a brutal aura emanated from his body.

"Haha, then the 100,000 heavenly troops and heavenly generals of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall will be handed over to the Demon War Department!"

Mo Sha said with a loud laugh.

Xiao ran was slightly stunned when he heard their words.

This time, he only borrowed his master's power to question the Lingxiao treasured palace and ask Ji Lingfei about the reason.

He borrowed his master's power to make the Lingxiao treasured palace fear him!

Why did he go to the leaders of the Dragon Palace and seem to want to destroy them?

Five days passed in the blink of an eye. During these five days, not much happened.

The only thing that caught people's attention was that in Jiang City, another subordinate of the Dragon King had lit a divine fire and became a god!

This caused all the forces to be shocked again.

The last time they destroyed the throne room of the Fire God Palace, the Dragon King had displayed the power of thirteen gods. Now that someone in Jiang City had lit a divine fire, he must also be a subordinate of the Dragon King!

In total, there were fourteen gods!

What kind of concept was this?

Fourteen gods were immediately more than the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

The two major forces each had only a dozen gods.

The power of the Dragon King made countless people extremely fearful.

In addition, now that the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church had joined forces, it made those gods who traveled alone extremely wary.

This was completely forcing them to join forces.

"Ao he, let's Go!"

In the villa in Jiang City, Wang Xian said to Ao he and brought the two girls straight to the Lingxiao treasured palace.

"Daddi, aren't we waiting for Xiao ran and the rest?"

Hua Er looked to the side and said to Wang Xian.

"No, let's go and take a look first!"

Wang Xian shook his head and looked at the Lingxiao treasured palace in the sky.

The gigantic skyscraping treasured palace was thousands of kilometers long and was emitting an incomparable divine radiance.

The entire skyscraping treasured palace brought Earth to a star field that no one on Earth knew about with a majestic force.

A single palace could cover such a huge area. It was almost comparable to the Divine Kingdom of God with five or six wisps of divine fire.

"There are so many people!"

Hua'er and the others looked around. With their eyesight, they could see over a million people flying toward the Lingxiao treasured palace.

These were the disciples of the major factions.

This time, the marriage between the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church would have at least ten million people come to congratulate them.

This was one of the intentions of the two major factions.

"South Heaven Gate!"

Soon, an incomparably huge heaven gate appeared in their sight.

The Lingxiao treasured palace was divided into four Heaven Gates: East, South, west, and north.

This time, the Lingxiao treasured palace allowed everyone to enter through the South Heaven Gate.

"Welcome, Dragon King. Please follow me inside!"

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived in front of the South Heaven Gate, a God immediately came forward and extended his hand to signal to him.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and swept his gaze across the South Heaven Gate!

On both sides of the South Heaven Gate, which was four to five thousand meters wide, two rows of heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals stood neatly.

Golden Armor, a mighty body, and a powerful aura. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

All of these showed the power of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall!

"That's the Dragon King. The Dragon King has arrived. However, it seems that the Dragon King didn't bring too many subordinates!"

"When the Dragon King arrives, the deities of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall will go over to welcome him. This is the might of the Dragon King!"

"With the current power of the Dragon King, even the Lingxiao Treasure Hall has to treat him with respect!"

Around them, some of the young, middle-aged, and old men who were walking towards the palace were filled with fear when they saw Wang Xian and the rest.

"This is my first time stepping into the Lingxiao Treasure Hall. Such a stunning palace is floating in the sky. It's really shocking!"

"Look at those heavenly soldiers and generals. They are simply too powerful. Every heavenly soldier and general is at least at the demigod level!"

"An army that is comparable to the heavenly soldiers and generals can only be the Holy Warrior Army of the Holy Church. They are truly an invincible army!"

As more and more people stepped into the South Heaven Gate, their hearts were filled with awe as they scanned the tens of thousands of heavenly soldiers and generals around the South Heaven Gate!

Even though the earth had undergone great changes and many people had obtained treasures in the divine tomb during this period of time to raise their strength to the demigod realm, they could clearly sense their own weakness when they saw these heavenly soldiers and generals.

Even the proud sons of heaven were slightly apprehensive in their hearts.

"This is the foundation of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Although the Dragon King has more than a dozen subordinates of the gods, his foundation is still far inferior!"

The deeper they went, the more shocked they became. The entire Lingxiao treasured palace was simply too magnificent!

"Dragon King, Please!"

About 20 kilometers away from the South Heaven Gate, there was an incomparably huge arena in front of them.

The surroundings of the arena were already densely packed with people.

They were all disciples who had followed the arrival of the Lingxiao treasured palace. Ten days ago, they had all been summoned back to the Lingxiao treasured palace.

Millions of disciples stood there neatly. The weakest among them had already reached the insightful emptiness realm.

At the very front was a colorful ceremonial stage. The decorations on it were festive and beautiful.

There were more than 30 seats above the ceremonial stage.

Currently, there were a few gods sitting on the seats.

The gods who brought Wang Xian brought them to the right seat below the ceremonial stage and gestured to them!

"The Dragon King Is Here!"

Many Gods had already arrived at the seats closest to the stage.

Upon seeing Wang Xian's arrival, the gods looked over one by one.

There were more than ten pairs of eyes. There were the true dragon's son of heaven and the gods who occupied the divine mountains.

Among them, the three true dragon's son of Heaven from the True Dragon Union sat opposite Wang Xian.

The seats were divided according to one's strength.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and smiled faintly. He sat there with Hua'er Cai'er and ao crab, waiting quietly!