Chapter 1965: 1965: Crushing Ling Xiao 1

As time passed, more and more people arrived in the Ling Xiao Palace.

The powerhouses and forces from all over the earth had gathered in the Ling Xiao Palace in the millions.

This was equivalent to the arrival of all the slightly more powerful people on Earth!

"Even if the gods of the Ling Xiao Palace haven't arrived yet, nearly twenty gods have already gathered around!"

"The Dragon King has only brought one subordinate here!"

"Almost all the gods on Earth have gathered. Almost all the elites have also arrived!"

Millions of people stood behind the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. They looked around and discussed among themselves.

All the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and all the elites on Earth, except for the disciples of the Sacred Hall, had not arrived. Today, almost all the powerhouses of the Lingxiao treasured palace had gathered.

This marriage could be said to be the focus of everyone's attention.

And above the Lingxiao treasured palace, three satellites were suspended. These three satellites would broadcast the marriage live.

This was also a way for the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall to display their power to everyone on Earth.

This marriage had attracted the attention of billions of people on Earth.

Everyone was waiting quietly for the arrival of the powerhouses from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

Wang Xian and the other gods were also sitting there quietly.

Time passed slowly.

"Ao Qitian is a little slow!"

However, at this moment, Xiao Ran, Ao jian, Ba Qi, and Mo Sha were standing by the seaside at Jiang City. Their eyes were looking at the ocean.

Ba Qi saw the fluctuations in front of them and said faintly, "It's not a big deal.".

"It took me some time to upgrade the two subordinates of the Starwood Combat Division!"

At this moment, figures appeared in front of them.

With AO Qitian as the leader, more than 2,000 figures appeared in front of them.

Prime Minister Gui was standing in the middle, AO Qitian was on the left, and two members of the Starwood Combat Division were on the right!

Behind them were two thousand members of the Demon Combat Department.

Each of the members of the demon combat department exuded a violent aura. They held a metal club in their hands.

They were five meters tall, and pitch-black scales covered their entire bodies. On top of the scales, there was a layer of pitch-black needle-like spears, and a pair of fangs were exposed.

His long tail was somewhat similar to some of the demonized Qitian Grand Sage in novels.

"Prepare to go over!"

Prime Minister Gui looked at Xiao ran and said with a smile.

"Hu, Prime Minister Gui, sorry to trouble all the leaders!"

Xiao ran's gaze swept across his master's subordinates. The experts of the Dragon Palace took a deep breath and nodded heavily!

"Hehe, it's no trouble. Someone Dared to assassinate the disciple of our Dragon King. This is completely disrespectful to our Dragon Palace. Today, let the Lingxiao treasured palace give us an explanation!"

Prime Minister Gui said indifferently.

"Hehe, snatch the woman first. Kill the man. Find the mastermind behind this and send him to hell!"

Mo Sha said from the side with a dense expression.

Xiao ran looked at Ba Qi and Mo Sha and smiled bitterly. "Thank you, leader Mo Sha. When the time comes..."

"I'll listen to Xiao Ran's orders for now!"

Prime Minister Gui took over his words and said to the leaders of the Dragon Palace.

"It's Prime Minister Gui!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Don't worry, Prime Minister Gui. We know what to do!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace nodded.

They also knew that this time, it was mainly about Xiao ran.

Moreover, there were some things that he needed to solve himself!

"Thank you, Prime Minister Gui. Thank you, leaders. Let's Go!"

Xiao ran nodded heavily. He moved his hand, and the eight divine fire pagoda on his palm emitted a powerful divine light.

He looked at his sister beside him and nodded. He raised his head and looked at the enormous lingxiao treasured palace.

This enormous palace was once an absolutely invincible existence in his eyes.

He had never thought that he would step into this divine palace today and question all the gods in the sky!

Whoosh

The group flew toward the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

The leaders of the Dragon Palace, nine flood dragons, 2,000 members of the Demon War Department, and two members of the Starwood War Department.

These two members of the Starwood War Department had been upgraded with the resources of the seven gods after they had killed the Fire God Palace's seven gods.

After lighting the divine fire, the strength of all the members of the Starwood Combat Division, with the help of the ancestral tree, was comparable to the mad dragon species, which had the strongest attack power in the Dragon Palace!

Lighting the divine fire was the most suitable choice for the members of the Starwood Combat Division.

Now, including AO xingmu, the Starwood Combat Division had three gods, and they all had the strength to fight against four wisps of the Divine Fire God!

Twenty-two godly state experts and 2,000 rank eight demigod demon combat division members!

"The gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace have arrived!"

Just as Xiao ran and the others were flying toward the Lingxiao treasured palace...

A voice resounded within the Lingxiao treasured palace.

At the center of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, fifteen figures flew toward the ceremonial stage.

Around the fifteen figures were 20,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals.

In the middle of the 15 figures was a woman in a legendary red dress. She was exceptionally eye-catching.

She wore a red festive dress and a phoenix crown on her head. One could vaguely see her delicate face.

However, there was a hint of coldness on her body.

"Greetings, gods!"

When the gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace arrived, all the disciples immediately half-knelt on the ground and shouted loudly.

"Greetings, gods!"

At the back, when the elites on Earth saw the fifteen gods flying over, their hearts trembled. They half-knelt on the ground and shouted respectfully.

In an instant, over ten million people in the surroundings knelt there.

Only the twenty or so gods near the ceremonial stage sat there indifferently, their gazes sizing up the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

At the same time, the three satellite live broadcast images were clearly displayed in front of everyone on Earth!

"Fifteen gods. Hiss, this is the first time the Lingxiao treasured palace has displayed all the gods. As expected of one of the top forces!"

"A total of fifteen gods, a few more than the Dragon King's forces. I wonder if the Lingxiao treasured palace has any other hidden strength!"

"100,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, and more than a dozen gods. As expected of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the gods that descended!"

Everyone watching the live broadcast was shocked when they saw this scene!

"Stand Up!"

In the center of the Gods, Yuan Kui's gaze swept across everyone in front of him as he said indifferently.

"Yes!"

Everyone responded loudly and looked at the gods in awe!

"Hahaha, we're not late, are we?"

At this moment, a carefree voice sounded out. In the west, light covered a radius of dozens of kilometers.

A holy warrior with wings accompanied them on both sides. In the middle, more than a dozen gods on Radiant Pegasus flew over.

The Gods of the Holy Church had arrived!

"Just in time, Haha!"

Yuan Kui looked over and revealed a smile!