Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1966: In 1966, he crushed Ling Xiao 2

"Those are the gods of the Holy Church!"

"Fourteen gods, one less than the Ling Xiao Palace, but this number is terrifying enough!"

"The 40,000 to 50,000 winged ones around are the holy warrior army. The strength of the holy warrior army is no weaker than that of the Dragon Palace!"

The arrival of the powerhouses of the Holy Church made everyone reveal Ling ran's expression.

"There are fifteen gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace and fourteen gods from the Sacred Hall. Together, there are at least twenty-nine gods!"

"And this is only on the surface. Perhaps they are hiding some of their strength!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When the eldest young master of the celestial race, who had lit up the divine fire, saw this scene, his face was filled with a solemn expression.

He muttered, and his eyes flickered with a luster.

When the surrounding gods saw this scene, their expressions turned ugly.

Even though they were once fallen gods who had ignited four or five wisps of divine fire in the past, or even seven or eight wisps of divine fire in the past, this was still the past.

If they wanted to recover their peak strength, they would need a large amount of resources.

Before they recovered, they were filled with fear when facing thirty or so god-level experts.

Even though these gods didn't light up much divine fire, they still didn't need much effort to kill them.

"Brother Luke Owen, This Way Please!"

Yuan Kui looked at everyone from the Holy Church and smiled as he gestured to the old man riding the Pegasus in the middle.

"Alright!"

Luke Owen nodded indifferently and flew towards the seats on the stage.

A group of gods followed him and sat on the seats one by one.

Behind him, 50,000 holy warriors were floating at the back. They spread their three-meter-wide wings and emitted a strong white glow. They were as holy as the Angels in the legends.

"This must be the Dragon King. He is really young and promising. He is a legend!"

Luke Owen stood in front of the two seats in the middle of the front row. His gaze swept across all the gods below. Finally, his gaze landed on Wang Xian as he said faintly.

"Thank you for your praise!"

Wang Xian replied with a smile when he saw the old man from the holy church talking to him.

Everyone in the surroundings saw this scene and turned their attention to the Dragon King and the old man from the Holy Church.

"The Divine Sea Palace and the Fire God Palace are not small forces. If the Dragon King wishes to obtain protection, he can join our Holy Church!"

Suddenly, Luke Owen said to Wang Xian lightly.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows as his eyes sparkled.

Luke Owen didn't say much. He looked at a god who looked like a young man and gestured to the young man. The two of them flew straight to the stage.

Yuan Kui saw them walking to the center and looked at concubine Ji Ling who was beside him.

"Junior sister, let's Go!"

As he spoke, he flew straight to the center.

Concubine Ji followed behind expressionlessly and landed on the stage.

She had a beautiful figure and a Holy Face. She was a goddess worthy of her name.

Brown Warren, who was standing beside Luke Owen, looked at concubine Ji with a burning gaze.

"My name is Luke Owen. Today, the son of the god of the Holy Church, God Brown Warren, will marry the goddess of the Lingxiao Palace. At the same time, apart from this joyous event, we also have something to announce!"

"Our Holy Church will be closer to the Lingxiao Palace because of the marriage between Brown Warren and Goddess Ji Ling. From now on, the Lingxiao Palace will form an alliance with the Holy Church!"

"The light of the Holy Church will cover all of you!"

Luke Owen took two steps forward and slowly spread his arms, announcing to everyone.

"The light of the Holy Church will cover all of you!"

Behind them, all the gods of the holy church spread out their arms at the same time, and an incomparably majestic power of light covered the area ahead.

"Weng!"

"Weng!"

A gentle divine light of light enveloped everyone.

The area behind them was bathed in the power of light, and they instantly felt their spirits shake. They couldn't help but feel a trace of piety in their hearts. Some insightful void tier cultivators could even sense that some of the injuries in their bodies had recovered!

Everyone was slightly shocked and filled with reverence.

At the front, the gods saw this scene, and their hearts trembled slightly!

The light of the sacred hall was going to envelop everyone?

What did this mean? This meant that the light of the sacred hall was going to envelop them, and everyone was going to be covered by the Sacred Hall!

Ji Lingfei saw this scene, and a trace of disdain flashed in her eyes.

"The Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace will form an alliance with the Holy Church. We will rise above the clouds and all living beings!"

"The Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace's god Ascension Board will be the true God Ascension Board. All the gods will be on it!"

Yuan Kui looked at Luke Owen and the corners of his mouth curled up. He glanced at everyone in front of him and his aura trembled slightly.

Boom

A terrifying pressure shot into the clouds and the sky changed.

The god Ascension Board was shining brightly.

Names appeared on the god Ascension Board.

First Place, Dragon King Immortal!

Second place, Demonic Dragon Son of heaven!

Third place, True Dragon Son of heaven!

Fourth place...

Names appeared on the god Ascension Board. The Real God Ascension Board and the name of Dragon King Immortal appeared at the first place.

"Clang, Clang, Clang!"

At this moment, a cold voice rang out from the surroundings. The 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals shook the weapons in their hands gently.

The cold voice rang out in everyone's mind. It made one's blood boil!

"God-ascension list!"

At the back, everyone looked at the eye-catching god-ascension list with shock in their eyes!

God Ascension Roll, the light of the Sacred Hall?

All the gods looked at this scene and narrowed their eyes, their expressions somewhat ugly.

As expected, everything was as they had expected.

No, it was even more overbearing than they had expected!

"This... What does the sacred hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace mean? The light of the Sacred Hall, the gods on the god Ascension Roll, are they displaying their might?"

"They are intimidating, intimidating all the gods. Whether it's the light of the Sacred Hall or the god-ascension list, they are showing off their sovereignty and power!"

"There are nearly 30 immortal gods. The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall have the right to intimidate everyone. Even the Dragon King has to bow his head in front of this force!"

In front of the satellite live broadcast network, everyone saw this scene and began to discuss and make guesses.

Basically, it was as most people expected. This marriage was actually an alliance that would shock the world!

However, what surprised them was that the might displayed by the holy church and the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace was a little overbearing.

"In the legends, those who enter the god-ascension roll would be restricted. The Ling Xiao Treasured Palace and the holy church have joined forces. It seems that they want to intimidate and even suppress all the gods!"

Wang Xian looked at his first place on the god-sealing roll and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

The gods around him had a slightly sullen look on their faces. Some of them glanced at each other and remained silent!

They were all on their own. If they were to join forces to fight against the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Saint Hall, it was obviously impossible!