Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1967: 1967 crushed the skyscraping 3

"Hehe, now the engagement ceremony of the two of US will be held!"

Yuan Kui Glanced at the embarrassed gods below and said with a faint smile.

Since their skyscraping treasured palace had completely allied with the holy church, they had to intimidate all the gods!

As for whether they would unite or not, it was obviously impossible.

Rather than joining forces to resist, it would be better to join the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall!

After they joined forces, the Templar Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace would be able to intimidate and even restrain all the gods.

This intimidation and restraint wouldn't take too long. Four years were enough.

After four years, earth would arrive at their territory, the boundless star field.

"Hualala!"

After Yuan Kui finished speaking, he exchanged a glance with Luke Owen and returned to the two seats in the center. He watched this scene with a smile on his face.

Behind them, on the left and right sides, there was a row of beautiful women and a row of handsome young men. They walked over with flower baskets in their hands and sprinkled flower petals on the entire ceremonial stage.

"Squeak squeak squeak!"

In the sky, Pegasus spread their wings and circled around the ceremonial stage. It was as if a scene from a myth had appeared in front of everyone's eyes.

"As expected of the divine sons and goddesses. Ordinary mortals can't compare to them at all!"

"Regardless of whether they are connected by marriage or not, this scene looks like a real-life immortal couple!"

Seeing this scene, whether it was the people around them or those who were watching this scene through the satellite, their faces were filled with envy.

A real immortal couple!

"Wait!"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei suddenly looked at Brown Warren and spoke without any emotion.

"Huh?"

Brown Warren was slightly stunned. He looked at Ji Lingfei in astonishment!

"I have something to attend to!"

As Ji Lingfei spoke, she walked towards the area below.

"Junior Sister!"

At the top of the stage, Yuan Kui saw Ji Lingfei walking towards the area below. His expression changed slightly as he shouted.

Ji Lingfei ignored him and walked straight towards Wang Xian.

"Teacher!"

She walked to Wang Xian's side and lowered her head as she called out.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly!

"Please place this in front of Xiao Ran's tombstone. I'm sorry, Teacher!"

Ji Lingfei said softly as she passed a space ring to Wang Xian.

This was a special space ring with a heart shape on it. As for what was inside the Space Ring, Wang Xian didn't know.

"No need. You can keep it for yourself!"

Wang Xian looked at her and smiled faintly!

"Sorry to trouble you, teacher!"

Ji Lingfei shook her head and bowed to Wang Xian. Then, she floated the ring in front of him.

After that, she turned around and walked towards the ceremonial stage.

Wang Xian looked at her and raised his eyebrows. A hint of satisfaction could be seen in his eyes.

"Eh? What's going on? That goddess seems to know the Dragon King? What's going on?"

"That goddess Ji Lingfei is so familiar. wasn't she once the Vice Dean of the Dragon Gate Academy? She has a very good relationship with the disciple of the Dragon King, Xiao ran!"

"It seems that this goddess has a very close relationship with the assassinated Xiao ran!"

Seeing this sudden scene, everyone around had surprised expressions on their faces.

Many people even recognized Ji Lingfei's identity.

As for the disciples of the Lingxiao Palace, they were all very clear about the intimate relationship between Princess Ji Ling and Xiao Ran.

At this moment, Brown Warren, who was standing on the stage, heard some of the subtle discussions around him. His expression froze for a moment before he slowly became embarrassed.

What was going on?

What was the meaning of those people's discussions?

This was similar to how he felt when he just got engaged and discovered that his fiancée had cuckolded him. This made him extremely angry.

He was a god, a god of the Templar Hall!

Even if the other party was already a dead person!

He looked at Consort Ji with an embarrassed expression. The heat from earlier had completely disappeared.

"HMPH!"

On the seat in front of him, Luke Owen saw this scene and gave Yuan Kui an unhappy snort!

"Continue!"

He looked at the embarrassed Brown Warren and immediately transmitted his voice. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This marriage alliance represented the alliance between the Holy Church and the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace. Naturally, nothing could go wrong.

When Brown Warren heard his voice transmission, his expression changed again. He took a deep breath and looked at Wang Xian!

"Give me the thing in front of you!"

Brown Warren stared at the interspatial ring in front of Wang Xian and said coldly.

"Brown Warren, the auspicious time has arrived. Don't waste any more time!"

Upon hearing Brown Warren's words, Ji Lingfei's expression changed slightly as she spoke immediately!

"Shut up!"

Brown Warren growled in a low voice as he stared coldly at Wang Xian.

"Give me the interspatial ring in front of you immediately!"

He spoke coldly to Wang Xian once again.

"Hiss... this..."

Seeing the god of the holy church shouting at the Dragon King in such a cold manner, everyone around was stunned.

They looked at the Dragon King in unison!

"A god who has only ignited a wisp of divine fire. Pay attention to your tone of voice!"

Ao crab saw that Brown Warren, a god who had ignited a wisp of divine fire, dared to speak to the dragon king in such a tone. He stared at the Dragon King with a cold gaze, and his eyes were filled with killing intent.

In an instant, as soon as ao crab finished his words, the atmosphere in the entire Soaring Heavens Treasure Hall turned solemn.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

On the seats at the front desk, five or six gods from the holy church stood up and stared at Wang Xian coldly.

At this moment, everyone's expression changed slightly.

Only the surrounding gods were happy to see this scene.

If they could fight, they would be even more happy to see it.

Yuan Kui and Luke Owen watched and frowned slightly, showing a hint of impatience on their faces.

Yuan Kui was even more irritated. His eyes were full of displeasure as he glanced at Consort Ji.

"What, Dragon King? You Don't give me this interspatial ring because you don't agree with our marriage?"

Brown Warren's expression changed slightly when he heard ao crab's words, but there was no fear on his face.

He raised his head slightly, and his eyes were filled with coldness as he shouted again.

This question reverberated throughout the entire Lingxiao treasured palace, and everyone heard it clearly.

His words also made everyone's hearts tremble.

By now, everyone could already see that Brown Warren's marriage with concubine Ji Ling represented the alliance between the Holy Church and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

Once the Dragon King said that he did not agree with their marriage, it also meant that he did not agree with the alliance between the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

If he opposed their alliance, he would naturally become the enemy of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Holy Church!

Brown and Warren were completely threatening and pressuring the Dragon King!

"Don't cause any more trouble. The marriage is destined. No one can stop it!"

Yuan Kui frowned slightly and looked at Wang Xian as he spoke. His voice echoed throughout the entire Lingxiao treasured palace.

The marriage was destined. No one could stop it!

What he meant was that no one could stop the alliance between the Lingxiao Palace and the Holy Church!

You, Dragon King, don't cause any more trouble. Give the item to Brown Warren!

"Teacher, give the item to..."

"I, Xiao Ran, don't agree!"

On the stage, Ji Lingfei didn't expect that her action would cause her teacher to be so passive. Her expression changed drastically as she looked at Wang Xian and spoke immediately.

However, before she could finish her sentence, a firm and cold voice resounded throughout the entire world.