Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1968: 1968 crushed Ling Xiao 4

"I, Xiao ran, disagree!"

A voice suddenly sounded from the South Heaven Gate.

The voice covered the entire Ling Xiao Palace and everyone could hear it clearly.

Everyone on Earth could also hear it clearly because of the live broadcast from the satellite.

When they heard this voice, everyone was slightly stunned. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

Over ten million people immediately looked in the direction of the South Heaven Gate.

"Xiao Ran? Isn't Xiao ran already dead? How..."

"Xiao ran was assassinated by the Water God of Huangshan. How is he now? Could he still be alive?"

Surprised voices came from the mouths of some people. Everyone's gaze fell in the direction of the South Heaven Gate.

The South Heaven Gate was about twenty kilometers away. With everyone's eyesight, they could see it clearly.

It was about the same distance as a hundred meters before.

"Xiao ran!"

On the stage, Ji Lingfei heard this voice. Her body trembled, and her face was filled with disbelief.

She widened her eyes and stared at the figure outside the South Heaven Gate.

"It's him, it's him. Xiao ran is still alive, still alive!"

When she saw Xiao ran standing outside the South Heaven Gate, holding the eight divine fire pagoda with one hand, Ji Lingfei's eyes instantly turned red, and drops of tears flowed out!

She was so happy that she cried!

She never thought that Xiao ran was actually still alive, that Xiao ran was still alive...

"It's Xiao ran, he's actually alive!"

"Our Dean isn't dead, he's Still Alive!"

"Haha, he's Not Dead, he's not dead, he must have been saved by the Dragon King!"

When everyone saw Xiao ran, who was covered in flames and holding the Divine Pagoda in his hand, appear in front of everyone, some people were shocked, while others were filled with excitement.

"How is this possible? I clearly saw Xiao Ran's head with my own eyes!"

The first divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace looked at Xiao ran's figure with a face full of shock and disbelief.

Back then, Xiao Ran's head had been thrown into the sea carelessly by him!

"Who is making a ruckus at the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's South Heaven Gate? Get lost immediately!"

At the South Heaven Gate, the 20,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals saw Xiao ran and the others floating in front of them, and their faces were filled with ice-cold killing intent.

Their weapons were aimed at them, filled with a domineering aura!

"I, Xiao ran, do not agree to this marriage alliance!"

Xiao ran ignored the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals around him as he slowly walked forward. His eyes met with Ji Lingfei's as they flickered with a luster.

"Those of you who dare to barge into the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, kill them all!"

The Southern Sky Gate Commander did not need the orders of the gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace. He stared at Xiao ran with a face full of killing intent as he ordered loudly.

"Those who trespass my Lingxiao Treasure Hall, Die!"

The heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals roared and attacked Xiao ran and the others with the long spears and halberds in their hands.

"Roar Roar, boys, Kill!"

Ao Qitian saw the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals on his left and right sides, and immediately ordered the 2,000 members of the Demon War Department behind him.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

With a violent roar, the members of the Demon War Department held metal cudgels in their hands and surrounded by demonic qi, instantly facing the 20,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals on both sides!

"Bang!"

"Ahhhh!"

In just a moment of collision, the 2,000 demon monkeys'violent attacks landed on the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals at the front.

The lowest combat strength of the 2,000 members of the Demon War Department was at the level of a demigod rank 9.

Facing the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals below the level of a demigod rank 5, even if the number of opponents was 10 times that of the Demon War Department.

However, when the 2,000 demon monkeys from the Demon War Department held the metal rods that were filled with demonic qi and collided with them, miserable screams suddenly sounded.

In an instant, the thousands of heavenly soldiers and generals were sent flying backward. They spat out fresh blood and instantly lost their vitality.

"Hiss... this... they are going to attack us!"

"What's going on? Are they going to completely become enemies with the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

"Oh my God, in an instant, over 1,000 heavenly soldiers and generals were killed!"

At this moment, when everyone saw Xiao ran and the others directly step onto the South Heaven Gate and saw the demon monkeys behind them killing thousands of heavenly soldiers and generals with a single strike, shock appeared on their faces. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Directly stepping onto the South Heaven Gate and killing the heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals, was this declaring war on the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?

Declaring War on them when the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall joined forces...

Was this madness or something?

"Boom!"

On the ceremonial stage, when the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace saw the thousands of heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals instantly killed, they immediately stood up, their faces revealing a violent killing intent!

Their eyes were cold as they stared at Xiao ran and the others.

At this moment, sensing the gazes of the gods of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, Xiao ran raised his head without the slightest fear. His gaze looked at the gods without the slightest fear.

"Keke!"

Beside him, the eight-limbed Devil Sha and the others followed indifferently to the left and right. The corners of their mouths curled up slightly as they indifferently swept their gaze over the entire Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

"Go to hell!"

On the right, a heavenly general held a long halberd in his hand. It was filled with the piercing and sharpness of metal as it attacked towards them.

"Bang!"

However, at this moment, a rod that was surrounded by demonic qi landed heavily on the head of the heavenly general.

In an instant, fresh blood flowed out and a corpse fell heavily to the ground!

"Kill! We, the twenty thousand heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, have nothing to fear from the two thousand demons!"

The Southern Sky Gate Commander's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene. He raised the long halberd in his hand and roared loudly as he charged towards the members of the Demon War Department!

"Join forces!"

The 20 members of the Demon War Department saw the peak-stage demigod-level southern sky gate commander charging towards them. Their bodies moved and 20 cudgels filled with monstrous demonic flames charged towards him.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

A long halberd pressed down on the twenty cudgels. However, when the Southern Sky Gate commander saw this scene, his expression changed drastically!

"How is this possible? All of them are at the level of a demigod-level ninth rank!"

His expression was somewhat shocked, and his pupils constricted slightly, filled with shock.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A violent sound rang out from the surroundings, and the metal cudgels in the hands of the twenty demon monkeys expanded to a thousand meters, sweeping towards the Southern Sky Gate commander in front of them.

The twenty members of the Demon War Department were suppressing one of the five commanders of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

"Ahhhhh!"

The miserable cries of the people in the surroundings were incessant.

At the entrance of the Southern Sky Gate, twenty figures were following Xiao ran as they strolled in.

Around the ceremonial stage twenty kilometers away, everyone took a deep breath when they saw this scene.

"Twenty thousand heavenly soldiers and generals were actually unable to stop those two thousand or so demon monkeys!"

"Those who followed Xiao ran seem to be the Dragon King's subordinates. There are more than twenty of them in total. Could they all be godly state experts?"

"The Dragon King's subordinates followed Xiao ran and attacked. What are they trying to do?"

Numerous shocked voices sounded from around them. Even the few million disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were shocked when they saw this scene!

Rumble

A thunderous sound rang out from the center of the ceremonial stage. Yuan Kui stood there with a scepter that was covered in lightning in his hand

He stared at the South Heaven Gate and slowly landed on Wang Xian.

"Dragon King, are you going to start a war with our Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

A cold and gloomy voice came out of his mouth!