Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1969: 1969, crushing Ling Xiao 5

"Hiss"

In the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace, everyone on Earth was shocked when they saw this scene.

They watched as the strongest person in the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace stared coldly at the Dragon King with the Judgement Thunder staff in his hand. Their eyes widened slightly.

"I'm going to war with you guys? No, no, I'm not going to war with you guys!"

Wang Xian looked at Yuan Kui's gaze. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and he shook his head lightly.

"Daddi is too handsome. Drink some tea!"

At the side, the two little girls saw Wang Xian sitting there calmly. They took out a cup of tea from their interspatial ring with smiles on their faces and handed it to him.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled and took it. He took a sip gently!

When everyone around saw this scene, they took a deep breath. They didn't expect the Dragon King to be so indifferent at this moment.

"Anyone who dares to offend our Lingxiao Treasured Palace will have to pay a heavy price, no matter who he is!"

Yuan Kui's eyes revealed a sinister expression as he stared at Xiao ran and the others who were walking over.

Xiao ran and the others were not very fast. It took them more than ten seconds to reach a few thousand meters in front of them.

On both sides, the heavenly soldiers and generals who were blocking them were all killed.

In just a few minutes, more than 10,000 heavenly soldiers and generals died at the hands of the Demon War Department.

At the last moment, none of the heavenly soldiers and generals dared to charge at them. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Gods, it's our South Heaven Gate's fault!"

Seeing that the heavenly soldiers and generals did not dare to attack, the 2,000 Demon War Department members waved the metal rod in their hands and followed Xiao ran and the others.

The commander of the South Heaven Gate led 10,000 heavenly soldiers and generals to surround the back and said to the gods of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall with an ugly expression.

"Buzz!"

Xiao ran and the others stopped in the air and stared at the gods of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall.

The atmosphere instantly became heavy!

Some of the gods around looked at Xiao ran and the others in surprise.

"Xiao ran, you have cultivated in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall for a few years and are a disciple of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall. Today, you led people into the Lingxiao Treasure Hall and killed the heavenly soldiers and generals. This crime deserves to be executed!"

Jin feng stared at Xiao ran and declared coldly.

"I came here today to ask the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace a question. If I am guilty, then I deserve to be executed!"

Xiao ran looked at Jin Feng and said coldly!

"I want to ask, why did the Lingxiao Treasured Palace want to kill me? Why did they let the two gods of Yellow Mountain assassinate me!"

"If it wasn't for my master saving me, I would already be a dead person. I, Xiao ran, will naturally kill whoever kills me today!"

Before the other party could reply, Xiao Ran's gaze swept across all the gods in the Lingxiao treasured palace and questioned.

"How dare you? You are just a mere mortal. If we wanted to kill you, it would be as easy as squashing an ant. Why go through so much trouble?"

Jin Feng's face flashed with a hint of anger when he heard his words. He shouted sternly.

"I don't understand either. Why did you go through so much trouble to get the first divine son of Lingxiao Treasured Palace to contact the two gods of Huangshan?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was sitting at the side, said calmly.

"You... you are slandering me!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, the first son of deity, who was sitting in front of the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, shouted at Wang Xian with a drastic change in expression.

"Senior brother!"

On the ceremonial stage, Ji Lingfei's expression changed drastically when she heard the words of Wang Xian and Xiao ran.

She quickly thought that the person behind all of this must be her senior brother.

She had just returned to the Lingxiao treasured palace a few days ago when Xiao ran was assassinated by two unknown gods. At that time, she did not think too much about it!

Now, she understood everything.

Ji Lingfei's gaze was fixed on Yuan Kui, and her eyes were filled with coldness.

"Humph, since you didn't die last time, then die here today!"

Yuan Kui's face revealed a cold killing intent, and he said straightforwardly without concealing it.

Even in the face of all the forces of the Dragon King, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace was not afraid.

Moreover, today, the Lingxiao treasured palace had been attacked. No matter what force the other party was, he had to kill them all.

Otherwise, where would the dignity of the Lingxiao treasured palace be?

"Heavenly soldiers and Generals!"

Yuan Kui Roared!

"Yes!"

The responses from the east, west, and North Heaven Gates resounded throughout the Lingxiao treasured palace.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Soon after, the three great gates of heaven, as well as the heavenly soldiers and generals in the central area, flew toward them.

They locked onto Xiao ran and the others with killing intent!

"Anyone who dares to challenge the dignity of our Lingxiao Treasured Palace, kill!"

Yuan Kui roared with a cold gaze.

"Kill!"

The sky-shaking roar caused the entire horizon to change!

"Senior brother... you..."

Ji Lingfei's expression changed drastically when she heard her senior brother's order.

She immediately flew to Xiao Ran's side and stared at Yuan Kui, her expression changing.

"Junior sister, if you dare to betray the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, I will clean up the sect on behalf of my master!"

Yuan Kui stared at Ji Lingfei with a gloomy expression!

"Lingfei!"

Xiao ran looked at Ji Lingfei and called out softly.

"I'm Here!"

Ji Lingfei raised her head and looked at him. Then, she smiled and stood firmly by his side!

"Damn it, damn it, all of you deserve to die!"

When Brown Warren saw this scene, he stood on the stage with an embarrassed expression and shouted angrily!

"Brother Luke Owen, I'm really sorry. We will give you enough compensation for this matter. I hope you won't Disrupt Our Alliance!"

Yuan Kui's expression was a little ugly as he said to Luke Owen of the Sacred Hall.

"Four divine artifacts!"

Luke Owen said coldly.

"Alright!"

Yuan Kui's expression was gloomy as he gritted his teeth. "Our Lingxiao treasured palace will settle the matter in front of US First!"

"Lingxiao Treasured Palace's gods, get ready!"

He let out a savage roar!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

In an instant, fifteen figures rose into the sky and stared at Xiao ran and the others with murderous intent!

"The judgement of the gods, anyone who violates the Lingxiao Treasure Palace will be killed without mercy!"

Yuan Kui held the divine weapon of the Judgement Thunder staff and roared coldly!

"This... This is really going to be a fight. Behind Xiao ran are all the subordinates of the Dragon King. We know that the number of gods under the Dragon King is not as many as the Lingxiao Treasure Palace!"

"Don't tell me that there are more than twenty figures behind Xiao ran who are all godly state experts?"

"How is it possible that all of them are godly state experts? I wonder if the Dragon King will make a move!"

"The Dragon King will make a move? If they really fight it out, I reckon that the experts of the Sacred Hall will make a move. At that time, it will be very difficult for Xiao ran and the others to escape!"

"Once the Sacred Hall makes a move, Xiao ran and the others will definitely be judged and punished. This is a little unwise!"

When everyone saw the anger of the gods in the Lingxiao treasured palace, shock appeared on their faces.

Other than the gods, the surrounding people hurriedly retreated into the distance, afraid that they would be affected.

Everyone was not optimistic about the arrival of Xiao ran and the others.

After all, today was the day of the alliance between the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall!

Once the other party joined forces, there would be close to thirty gods!

Everyone on Earth who saw this scene through the satellite also had shocked expressions on their faces!

They were shocked by Xiao Ran's courage, but they were even more shocked by the strength of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

However, they did not think highly of Xiao ran and the others!