Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1970: 1970 crushed Ling Xiao 6

"Kill without mercy!"

90,000 heavenly troops completely surrounded the group of people at the South Heavenly Gate of the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace. Then, they let out a wild roar.

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

They raised the weapons in their hands, and their bodies were filled with killing intent!

Weapons appeared in the hands of the gods of the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace, and they coldly scanned the area in front of them.

"Hehe, it seems that you have admitted to assassinating me back then!"

Xiao ran coldly stared at the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace as a terrifying killing intent shot out from his eyes.

"Today, I will take your dog head and purify your filthy body!"

On the ceremonial stage, Brown Warren's face was filled with killing intent as he stared at Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei.

What happened today was a great humiliation to him. He wanted them to pay a heavy price!

"Hehe, Lingxiao Treasured Palace, when you dare to kill our Dragon King's disciple and offend him, we are already prepared to crush you, Lingxiao!"

Prime Minister Gui heard their words and swept his gaze across all the gods in the Lingxiao treasured palace as he said indifferently.

"Roar Roar, God Ascension Roll? You Dare to place our Dragon King on the god Ascension Roll? You are not qualified!"

"My Sons, follow me today and crush Ling Xiao!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Ao Qitian's sea-pacifying needle smashed toward the god Ascension Roll, and his body grew a few hundred meters in size.

Blood-red chains were tied around the sea-pacifying needle!

"Those who enter our God ascension roll must be bound by us. Otherwise, they will die!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A middle-aged man saw ao Qitian's attack toward the god Ascension Roll, and a cold expression appeared on his face.

His body shook, and he transformed into a thousand-meter-tall figure. His earthen yellow armor covered his entire body.

A thousand-meter-tall shield appeared in his hand, and he smashed it towards the sea-pacifying divine needle.

"With just you? !"

Ao Qitian's eyes were filled with fury as he looked at the god who had ignited three wisps of divine fire.

His palm trembled, and blood-red chains shot towards his shield.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

A huge collision sound caused the entire shield to fly backwards.

The sea-pacifying divine needle smashed heavily onto the god Ascension Roll.

"Rumble!"

A collision sound that seemed to originate from the nine heavens caused the entire god ascension roll to emit a loud bang. Cracks slowly appeared on it!

"Ka, Ka, Ka, Ka!"

Following that, the cracks slowly grew bigger and eventually collapsed!

"Hiss! They're fighting!"

"The prelude to the war is about to start!"

"They're really fighting!"

Seeing the Dragon King's underlings suddenly attack, everyone was shocked.

They didn't expect that the violent demon monkey would be so violent.

"Roar! Roar! Kill!"

The bodies of the two thousand members of the Demon War Department shook, and waves of darkness spread to the surroundings.

Their blood-red eyes were filled with scales, and they held tightly onto the metal rods in their hands as they swept towards the 90,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals in the surroundings.

It was violent and bloody, and it was completely exposed.

"Kill them!"

The 90,000 heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals of the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace revealed an icy aura on their faces as they roared loudly.

The densely packed attacks instantly covered the 2,000 members of the Demon War Department.

"I will purify you!"

Brown Warren stared at Xiao ran with a ferocious gaze. A scepter of light appeared in his hand and he directly attacked Xiao ran.

"Be careful!"

Ji Lingfei, who was at the side, saw his attack and immediately prepared to go up to meet it.

"With just you?"

However, at this moment, Xiao ran's cold voice sounded. He extended his hand to stop Ji Lingfei. The divine fire above his head slowly rose up, and the aura of an attribute god was emitted from his body!

With a wave of the eight divine fire pagoda in his hand, countless flames from the first level directly burned towards the light in front of him!

"What? You lit the divine fire!"

"Hiss, Xiao ran actually lit the divine fire. Could it be that Xiao ran was the one who lit the divine fire and became a god in Jiang city a few days ago?"

"This... is Xiao ran the first native to light the divine fire on our earth? The Dragon King doesn't even seem to have lit the divine fire!"

Everyone revealed shocked expressions as they sensed Xiao ran's terrifying pressure.

Even the gods in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall had a trace of shock flash across their faces.

Back then, when Xiao ran was in the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, he was only at the profound void tier. However, in less than a year, he had ignited a divine flame.

Just what kind of opportunity did he obtain with this terrifying increase in strength?

"Kill all the gods in the sky, hehehe!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha looked at each other. With a wave of their arms, black clouds gathered in the sky.

"Drip, Drip, Drip!"

In an instant, drops of blood-red rain fell from the sky!

"Those who provoke the might of the Dragon King, die!"

"Those who provoke the might of the Dragon King, die!"

...

Voices came from the mouths of Prime Minister Gui, Ao Jian, and Ao Xingmu.

Each of them growled and locked onto a god from the Lingxiao treasured palace and attacked.

"Kill them!"

Yuan Kui saw more than a dozen gods attacking them, and he shouted angrily!

"Your strength seems to be insufficient!"

When the leaders of the Dragon Palace attacked the gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace one by one.

At the last moment, the nine flood dragons stood there and scanned their surroundings.

"Roar!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Another nine dragon roars resounded throughout the world.

The nine flood dragons had completely transformed into over 2,000 meters in size.

They were only one step away from fully evolving into wind divine dragons.

However, even so, they were now able to fight and even kill a god of divine fire.

Nine dragon roars resounded throughout the world!

"Roar Roar!"

They let out a wild roar. Countless wind blades covered an area of 500 to 600 kilometers and attacked the back of the Lingxiao treasured palace from all directions.

The terrifying attack was completely aimed at destroying the entire Lingxiao treasured palace!

"Hiss! Damn, all of them are gods. The 22 figures beside Xiao ran are all gods!"

"Including Xiao ran, there are a total of twenty-three figures. My God, are these all the subordinates of the Dragon King?"

"The Dragon King hasn't made a move yet. The subordinate beside him and his two daughters are all gods. So, including goddess Ji Lingfei and Xiao ran, there are a total of twenty-eight godly state experts!"

When the subordinates of the Dragon King attacked the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace one by one, and when the last nine flood dragons roared, everyone was shocked!

Even the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace could clearly sense that the last few figures didn't ignite the divine fire, but why did they have such terrifying power?

They didn't understand.

At this moment, Xiao Ran's group of twenty-four gods was fighting against the fifteen gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

In terms of numbers, they were completely crushed!

At this moment, everyone didn't look in the direction of the battlefield. Instead, they all looked at the Dragon King, who was sitting there leisurely drinking tea!

Twenty-eight gods, a total of twenty-eight gods!

Dragon King, is this going against the heavens?