Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1971: 1971 Dragon Palace vs Lingxiao Sacred Hall

"Gulp!"

In the surrounding area, a group of gods who were sitting on chairs stood up with solemn expressions.

They swept their eyes over the Dragon King's 20 or so subordinates and took a deep breath.

Just now, they had faced the alliance between Lingxiao Sacred Hall and the Sacred Hall, faced the light of the Sacred Hall, and faced the god-ascension list without saying anything.

It was because they were afraid of the power of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

A total of 29 gods were not something they could resist.

However, the Dragon King's power now had 28 godly state experts.

That goddess Ji Lingfei had turned to the Dragon King's side, which represented the Dragon King's 28 gods versus the Lingxiao Holy Church's 28 gods!

One Dragon King had the power to resist the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church!

How could this not shock the gods.

The most powerful force on Earth was actually the Dragon King. How could they not be shocked!

Twenty-eight godly state experts!

"Oh no, how is this possible!"

When Yuan Kui saw the Dragon King's over twenty godly state experts wreaking havoc, his expression also changed drastically.

"Brother Luke Owen, please send reinforcements to the Holy Church!"

Yuan Kui hurriedly shouted at Luke Owen.

His gaze swept past the three people who were dozens of meters tall, and the Thorn AO Xingmu and the others who were floating beneath him. A trace of fear appeared on his face!

"More than twenty gods. It's indeed a little troublesome!"

Luke Owen heard the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's plea for help, and when he saw Xiao ran and the others, his expression was also filled with a grave expression.

"However, that Dragon King, do you really want to make an enemy out of our Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Holy Church?"

He stared at Wang Xian and questioned him coldly.

Facing the more than twenty gods in front of him, he did not show the slightest fear.

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace dared to kill my Wang Xian's disciples. They are destined to be destroyed. If your holy church helps them, then let's Fight!"

Wang Xian leaned back on his chair and watched this scene with a smile on his face.

"Hahaha, Your Dragon King really thinks that we can't kill you all. Yuan Kui, today, we will completely eliminate them!"

"The light of the Holy Church, the might of Lingxiao, envelops the entire earth. Today, we will use your Dragon King as an example to let everyone know the consequences of provoking us!"

Luke Owen laughed loudly, the milky white power of light on his body turning somewhat pale!

Countless rays of light illuminated the entire sky.

Above his head, wisps of divine fire slowly appeared!

"The gods of the Holy Church, make your move and destroy them!"

Luke Owen ordered loudly, wisps of divine fire appearing above his head.

Soon, five wisps of divine fire appeared!

"Haha, Good, good. Then let's make an example of the Dragon King today. Anyone who dares to touch the might of our Lingxiao Sacred Hall will die!"

"Today, I will make all the gods wail in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Yuan Kui's body also trembled violently. The lightning on his body flashed violently, and the five wisps of divine fire above his head flickered slightly.

"Five wisps of divine fire. The strongest person in the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall has already ignited five wisps of divine fire!"

The expressions of the gods around the stage changed slightly when they saw the five wisps of divine fire above Yuan Kui and Luke Owen's heads!

They were all gods who had just lit their divine fires not too long ago.

Even though they had lit seven or eight wisps of divine fire when they were alive and now that they had regained their strength, they were still no match for the gods who had lit five wisps of divine fire.

Even the son of Heaven of the true dragon order's pupils constricted slightly.

If they wanted to have the strength to fight against a god with five wisps of divine fire, they would need at least a dozen years, or even hundreds or even thousands of years.

If they were unlucky, they might even need tens of thousands of years to recover to such strength.

"The strongest combat strength of the Dragon King's subordinates are the three plant-type creatures. They are almost able to fight against a god with four wisps of divine fire, but they are definitely no match for Yuan Kui and Luke Owen!"

The eyes of some gods flickered as they watched.

In the divine realm, it was not as difficult as fighting against those below the divine realm.

If one had a powerful divine artifact and a powerful divine kingdom, they would also be able to fight against those below the divine realm.

However, in the eyes of ordinary gods, only a dozen or so gods with one wisp of divine fire working together could defeat two gods with two wisps of divine fire!

Currently, there were two gods with five wisps of divine fire in the skyscraping treasured palace and the holy church. If the Dragon King's subordinates did not have experts to deal with them, they would probably be finished!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Boom! Boom

As soon as Yuan Kui and Luke Owen finished speaking, an area of more than 1,000 kilometers in the sky was completely covered by lightning and light.

The terrifying pressure completely caused the entire world to change color.

"Hiss... This scene is so terrifying!"

"Two gods with five wisps of divine fire. Not good. The Dragon King's top-tier combat strength is probably finished!"

"If the Dragon King doesn't have a god with five wisps of divine fire to deal with him, the Dragon King will be finished today!"

Everyone around, as well as the billions of people who were watching the scene through the satellite, also had shocked expressions on their faces when they saw this scene.

They were also aware of the huge gap between gods.

While they were shocked by the Dragon King's power, they were also shocked by the power of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall!

After all, the foundation of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church was placed here!

"Ka Ka Ka, two gods with five wisps of divine fire want to destroy us? In that case, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church, prepare to Wail!"

Seeing the imposing manner displayed by Yuan Kui and Luke Owen, the Ao crab, who had been standing beside Wang Xian, slowly flew up into the sky.

His body shook and turned into an extremely ferocious crab with two pincers and eight sharp claws. It was covered in dark yellow scales. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

His body was over ten thousand meters long, and he exuded darkness and ferociousness.

At this moment, the Ao crab was like an evil giant beast in the starry sky, directly attacking Yuan Kui and Luke Owen.

"What? Didn't this crab only have the strength of two wisps of Divine Fire?"

Yuan Kui saw the ao crab that suddenly appeared, felt the terrifying aura, and his expression changed drastically!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Ao crab let out a strange cry and earth peaks floated around him out of thin air.

Each earth peak was 1,000 meters tall, and its cultivation level had reached 300 to 400 meters.

More than a dozen mountain peaks floated in the air. This scene made everyone below look shocked.

"The Dragon King actually has such a terrifying subordinate!"

At this moment, everyone couldn't help but gasp, their faces filled with shock!

"Damn it!"

Luke Owen felt ao Xie's strength, and a trace of embarrassment appeared on his face.

He had never thought that his opponent would have the strength to fight against five wisps of God!

How did the Dragon King have so many powerful subordinates? !

"Let's begin. This is the strongest strength of our Dragon Palace. I would like to see whether your Lingxiao treasured palace is stronger or our dragon palace is stronger!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled when he saw this scene.

Anyone who made an enemy of the Dragon Palace would have to pay a heavy price!