Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1972: 1972 Dragon Palace vs Ling Xiao Holy Church

Dragon Palace!

Everyone was in a daze when they heard the name Wang Xian.

Was this the name of the Dragon King's faction?

The Dragon Palace which had more than 20 godly state experts?

"Roar, Roar, Roar, Kill!"

Ao Qitian held the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand and let out a furious roar. Then, he smashed it towards the thousand-meter-long God who was covered by the earthen yellow armor!

Boom

An earth-shaking collision occurred, and the shockwave spread out in all directions. A huge airwave could be seen with the naked eye.

"Get down! Get Down!"

Below, more than ten million cultivators below the godly state quickly laid down on the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

The battle between more than 50 godly state experts was completely destructive.

"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!"

At this moment, a series of miserable screams sounded in the surroundings. When everyone looked over, their pupils constricted slightly, and their faces were filled with shock.

"Those 2,000 demon monkeys are terrifying. Their strength is no less than a demigod rank nine!"

A shocking voice came from a divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

2,000 members of the Demon War Department fought against 90,000 heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals.

However, there were only 500 to 600 of these 90,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals who had reached the demigod rank nine. The rest were all below the demigod rank nine!

As the saying went, more ants could kill an elephant. However, the 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals in the Lingxiao treasured palace were obviously not at the level where more ants could kill an elephant.

In just a few minutes, more than 10,000 heavenly soldiers and generals died at the hands of the Demon Combat Division.

"Holy Warriors, Attack!"

Luke Owen heard the screams from below. He glanced at them and immediately ordered the 40,000 to 50,000 holy warriors.

Holy Warriors, an army that was comparable to the heavenly soldiers and generals of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

"Kill this beast as soon as possible!"

Yuan Kui's gaze swept over the terrifying battles in the surroundings as he roared with a solemn expression.

Below, AO Xingmu and the two experts from the Starwood combat division brandished countless thorns and swept through the buildings of the Lingxiao treasured palace, smashing them directly towards the gods.

Before their arrival, the two forces had only ignited four wisps of divine fire. Now that they had arrived on Earth and achieved a breakthrough, they had only ignited the fifth wisp of divine fire!

Among the other gods, only two had ignited four wisps of divine fire!

The Dragon King was stronger than them.

Now, they could only kill this crab as soon as possible.

Otherwise, their Lingxiao treasured palace and the holy church might suffer heavy losses.

"Kill!"

Luke Owen also realized the severity of the problem. He gripped the divine artifact in his hand tightly. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

A thousand-meter-wide ball of lightning and a long spear of light shot toward ao crab.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Ao crab saw their attack and waved his sharp claws.

The surrounding ten or so huge mountains charged toward the long spear and ball of lightning.

"Boom!"

A terrifying shockwave rang out in the sky. Their battle had already left the atmosphere.

It could be said that their battle had already reached the starry skies.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Ao Shi blocked their attack, and with a move, his huge body charged towards Luke Owen.

"God of Light, Praise!"

Luke Owen held the divine staff in his hand and waved it in front of him.

A war god of light with wings condensed from the power of light appeared in the starry sky.

The war god of Light's body was over 100 kilometers in size. He had enormous wings and held the scepter of light in his hand as he attacked ao crab.

"Star Judgement!"

Yuan Kui held the lightning judgement staff in his hand. Bolts of lightning covered the void, and the bolts of lightning seemed to tear the entire starry sky apart.

The bolts of lightning fused together and became several thousand meters thick, striking at ao crab.

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

Ao crab raised two pincers that were several thousand meters in size. They emitted an earthy yellow glow, and amidst the earthy yellow, there were many black spots. It looked somewhat terrifying.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Ao crab used his physical body to meet their attacks!

"Crackle! Crackle!"

The thousand-meter-thick lightning bolt was broken by his pincers. The hundred-kilometer-long light warrior's arms were torn apart by his claws.

Ao crab was like a space beast.

His body contained a terrifying and heavy aura as he continued to attack Luke Owen and Yuan Kui.

"What! ?"

Yuan Kui and Luke Owen's pupils constricted slightly when they saw ao crab easily break their attack. Shock appeared on their faces.

"Ka Ka!"

"Rumble!"

At this moment, an extremely powerful Earth attribute energy shot out from Ao Crab's body.

Earth walls appeared out of thin air in the surrounding void. The incomparably thick earth walls completely enveloped Yuan Kui and Luke Owen.

The coverage area reached nearly 200 kilometers. Ao crab's figure flashed and appeared on the earth walls behind them!

"Oh no!"

Luke Owen and Yuan Kui's expressions changed drastically as they hurriedly dodged to the side.

The god of light and the bolts of lightning were heading towards ao crab!

"Boom Boom Boom Boom!"

Ao crab's two pincers were raised high. The surrounding earthen yellow energy actually completely covered the god of light and the bolts of lightning that were 100 kilometers away.

"Boom!"

He waved his pincers, and the Lightning and light warlord that were wrapped in soil directly smashed towards Luke Owen and Yuan Kui!

"How is this possible! ?"

At this moment, the expressions of the two people finally changed drastically!

Each of their attacks could be easily blocked and resolved by the other party, which caused their hearts to be extremely shocked.

This crab's strength was much stronger than theirs.

"Dodge! Dodge!"

The two people's expressions changed greatly, and they hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Boom! Boom!"

However, the light wargod that was over a hundred kilometers covered and the incomparably terrifying bolts of lightning smashed down on the Lingxiao treasured palace below.

When the terrifying attack landed on the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, a loud bang sounded out.

The entire Lingxiao treasured palace began to tremble violently, and an incomparably large crack appeared directly!

"Oh my God, what a terrifying battle!"

"A hole dozens of kilometers wide was punched out of the Lingxiao Palace. Hiss, this is complete destruction!"

"That Dragon King's subordinate is so powerful. He could completely suppress the strongest person in the Lingxiao Palace and the Holy Church alone!"

"He covered an area of hundreds of kilometers in one move. If this was a battle on Earth, the entire Earth would be destroyed, right?"

"This attack can be compared to a nuclear bomb, right? This is simply too terrifying!"

"The Lingxiao treasured palace has actually been destroyed!"

One after another, shocking sounds rang out from the Lingxiao treasured palace. The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace watched this scene in shock.

They had never thought that there would actually be a day where someone would be able to attack their Lingxiao treasured palace.

Moreover, they had broken through such a huge crack in the Lingxiao Palace!

"No, no!"

At this moment, a God's scream came from the sky!