Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1973: 1973 Dragon Palace vs Lingxiao Sacred Hall

"No!"

In the sky above Lingxiao Sacred Hall, a middle-aged immortal God looked at his body in despair.

At this moment, his head was completely separated from his body. His head was covered by the dark energy, and his body was covered by the light energy.

One light and one dark, looking extremely strange.

His face was filled with despair, and his life force was quickly disappearing!

In the sky above him, Ao Yao, who was half dark and half light, stared coldly at the falling figure, his eyes filled with a cold luster.

Slowly, Ao Yao's figure disappeared, as if he had never come to this world.

"Bang! Bang!"

His head and body landed on the top of the Lingxiao treasured palace, as if they had hit everyone's heart.

"It's Miao Shen, Miao Shen has actually fallen!"

"Gulp, Miao Shen seems to have ignited two wisps of divine fire, I didn't expect him to actually die!"

Around the Lingxiao Palace, all the disciples looked at the falling bodies with shock on their faces. Their faces were filled with shock!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

"Hualala!"

The entire sky let out a mournful cry because of the fall of a god, and drops of rain fell from the sky.

The torrential rain suddenly covered an area of over ten thousand kilometers.

The first God had fallen!

"The first god of the Lingxiao treasured palace has fallen!"

"That subordinate of the Dragon King is so terrifying. He's always hidden in the void and can't be seen at all. He can deliver a fatal blow at any time!"

"Those three plant-type god creatures are even more terrifying. Those thorns easily cut off the arms of the four wisps of the Divine Fire God. It's too terrifying!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Under such circumstances, the Dragon King and his two daughters haven't made a move yet. If they did, the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall wouldn't be their match at all!"

The death of a lingxiao treasured palace god shocked everyone.

Whether it was the people watching through the satellite or the people in the Lingxiao treasured palace, they all widened their eyes.

No one had expected that under the joint efforts of the Templar Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the Dragon King's subordinates could still contend with them and even kill a god from the Lingxiao treasured palace.

This was even when the three gods on the Dragon King's side had not made a move. If they did...

"Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!"

When the gods from the Templar Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace saw that their companions had died, their expressions changed drastically.

Their bodies shook, and huge God kingdoms appeared in their God kingdoms.

Vast God kingdoms stood in the void, and in an instant, there were more than 20 God kingdoms.

This scene was extremely shocking.

In the Lingxiao treasured palace, everyone was kneeling on the ground under the pressure of the God kingdoms.

The terrifying pressure made them unable to stand up.

"Are we going to be serious? hehehe, hehehe!"

The godly state experts of the Dragon Palace revealed a ghastly expression when they saw this scene.

Their bodies also trembled as dragon acupuncture points appeared behind them.

There were 28 gods in the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall, and 12 of them had only lit a wisp of divine fire.

As for the Dragon Palace, apart from the nine flood dragons, the rest could fight against two wisps of divine fire gods.

In terms of overall strength, the Dragon Palace completely suppressed the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall!

The battle only lasted for five minutes before the gods of the Sacred Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace realized the power of the Dragon Palace.

However, it was already too late!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At the side of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, more than 100,000 heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals and Holy Warriors were besieging the 2,000 members of the Demon War Department.

Furious roars came from the center, and bodies were sent flying from time to time.

Some unlucky people were hit by these bodies and died immediately.

However, the addition of 40,000 to 50,000 holy warriors still put a lot of pressure on the 2,000 members of the Demon War Department!

"2,000 heavenly generals against the strongest legion of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, plus 50,000 holy warriors, Hiss!"

"Not only are the godly state experts of the Dragon Palace powerful, but also the 2,000 terrifying demon monkeys!"

"Just now, the two forces joined forces and wanted to suppress all the gods. I didn't expect that the Dragon King's subordinates could suppress the two forces!"

Some people looked at the battle in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and gasped.

Hidden Strength! Godly state experts!

An all-round suppression!

"Brother Daddi, why do you have so many powerful subordinates?"

Hua'er Cai'er looked at the battle in the sky and the surroundings. She was also looking at Wang Xian in shock. Her small face was filled with astonishment!

"Your father is your father. Your father is very powerful!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

In the current situation, with the top-notch combat strength, the Dragon Palace had completely suppressed the Lingxiao treasured palace and the holy church. The Dragon Palace would not lose this battle.

"Little girl, Lend Me Your Star Grass!"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and grabbed the star grass on Hua Er Cai'er's head. Then, he waved it toward the heavenly troops and heavenly generals and the Holy Warriors.

Whoosh! Whoosh

The two star grass trembled slightly.

Buzz

A green ray of light streaked across all the members of the heavenly troops and heavenly generals and the Holy Warriors.

The two star grass could kill a god with two wisps of divine fire by surprise. Against more than 100,000 demigod powerhouses, it was an instant kill!

In the blink of an eye, the battlefield above the Lingxiao treasured palace seemed to have fallen silent.

The shrill shouts of the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals as well as the furious roars of the Holy Warriors had completely disappeared.

The dead silence caused everyone to be slightly shocked!

"Pa Pa Pa!"

Following that, a scene that shocked everyone in the world appeared.

All the heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, as well as all the Holy Warriors, fell to the ground one by one.

Some of them widened their eyes and were full of anger. Some of them opened their mouths and roared angrily. Some of them were full of fighting spirit, and some of them had fear in their eyes...

All kinds of expressions were frozen on their faces, maintaining their expressions before they died!

When the members of the Demon War Department saw that all their opponents had been killed, they also let out a slight sigh of relief and looked respectfully at the Dragon King!

"Hiss, this... this... heavenly soldiers and heavenly generals, Holy Warriors!"

Gasps of cold air sounded from the surroundings. Everyone looked at the hundreds of thousands of demigod powerhouses who had fallen in shock and felt their scalps go numb.

This was the strongest army of the two major forces.

A hundred thousand heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals!

A Holy Warrior Army of the Templars!

But now, they had all been killed in an instant!

These hundreds of thousands of soldiers, who could easily wipe out earth, were all killed!

"Damn it, Dragon King, you deserve to die!"

"Dragon King, the Templar Hall will not rest until you die!"

"Kill us, our hundred thousand heavenly soldiers and generals, and the Dragon Palace, you will be destroyed!"

In the sky, when the immortals and gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall noticed the situation below, their bodies trembled and they roared with blood-red eyes.

This was the strongest army of their two major forces!

"Keke, it's your turn next!"