Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1974: The Gods of 1974 had fallen, and Ling Xiao had shattered

Now, it was your turn!

When the gods of the Ling Xiao Palace and the Holy Church heard this, their hearts trembled.

They raised their heads to look at the higher star field. Over there, that incomparably terrifying crab was actually completely suppressing the two gods, Yuan Kui and Luke Owen.

This was their strongest God, igniting five wisps of divine fire.

Such a terrifying existence, even if placed in the boundless star field, would be able to control five or six planets. Now, it was actually completely suppressed!

"Die for me. You have just ignited the divine fire. I, Brown Warren, don't believe that I can't Kill You!"

An incomparably furious voice sounded.

Tens of thousands of meters above the Soaring Heavens Palace, Brown Warren held the scepter of light in his hand. Behind him was a majestic divine kingdom of light.

With a wave of his arm, countless spears of light shot towards Xiao ran

"HMPH, even if I just lit the divine fire, you are still not my match!"

Xiao ran stared coldly at Brown Warren.

With the divine weapon in his hand, the divine kingdom that he lifted was the divine kingdom of the three wisps of Divine Fire God. In addition to his origin constitution.

With Xiao Ran's current strength, he could almost fight against someone of a higher level.

Even though he had just ignited the divine fire, he was still filled with confidence when facing Brown Warren.

"Xiao ran, be careful!"

Ji Lingfei's worried voice came from the side.

"Don't Worry!"

"The first level of the eight Divine Fire Pagoda, one true flame, burning the sky!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He raised his arm, and the eight divine fire pagoda in his hand rose up. In an instant, the eight divine fire pagoda grew to over 10,000 meters in size.

At the first level, terrifying flames gushed out.

The Flames were blue in color and looked extremely demonic!

"Bzzz bzzz!"

Rays of light energy were ignited, and the blue flames that blotted out the sky and covered the earth attacked Brown Warren.

"Protection of the god of light!"

Brown Warren growled, his eyes flashing with anger. "Don't think that just because you have a divine artifact, I will fear you!"

"PFFT!"

However, at this moment, a piercing sound was heard!

"It's just a god of Divine Fire!"

Following that, a voice sounded beside his ear, causing him to open his mouth slightly.

"Cough Cough Cough!"

He realized that he was actually unable to speak.

Brown Warren slowly lowered his head and looked down. To his horror, he discovered that his body was actually falling downwards.

"I... Am... not... resigned... not resigned!"

He seemed to have used all his strength to utter these few words, and instantly felt his vision go black.

Xiao ran was slightly stunned when he saw this scene. He had originally thought that he would have a showdown with Brown Warren and let him know that he was Princess Ji Ling's man.

In the end...

The corner of his mouth twitched. He looked in the direction of Princess Ji Ling and immediately went to support her.

It was just a god with a wisp of divine fire. Just now, he dared to shout at his master, but his master's subordinates could easily kill him!

"Boom!"

A second God fell!

The wailing of Heaven and earth sounded!

Everyone watched in shock. The second God who died was a god of the Sacred Hall.

He was still assassinated by that terrifying figure!

In this big battle, especially in the battle where the Dragon Palace occupied the top, Ao Yao's assassination was unusually easy.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The faces of the other gods of the skyscraping treasured palace and the Sacred Hall changed drastically as they roared furiously.

In an instant, an area of several thousand kilometers was covered by a terrifying energy.

The Sky and earth changed color, and the Sun and Moon lost their light!

Everyone in the world raised their heads to look at the sky. This scene was as if they had seen the stars in the universe explode, and it was terrifying and shocking.

"No, save me, save me!"

Ten minutes later, a mournful, earth-shattering sound rang out in the sky.

Everyone's faces were shocked once again. They opened their mouths slightly, their eyes filled with fear.

"Is it the god of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, or is it a god who ignited three wisps of divine fire! ?"

On the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, more than ten gods were standing there, looking at the battle in the sky.

Seeing the third God fall, their eyebrows twitched violently.

Even though they had experienced more terrifying battles than this, the deaths of these gods still made their hearts palpitate.

"Lord Yuan Kui, save us, save us!"

In less than five minutes, another terrified voice sounded.

Seeing that figure, everyone took a deep breath.

The only God in the Lingxiao treasured palace who had lit up the four wisps of divine fire was shining with an intense power of lightning.

His entire body was entangled by thorns, and a terrifying scene appeared in the sky above him.

The thorns seemed to fall from the sky, and there were at least hundreds of millions of them.

In the middle of the thorns was an enormous lightning fortress, but at this moment, the fortress was completely covered by thorns.

At this moment, the four wisps of divine fire looked abnormally weak and helpless!

"Kill!"

Ao Xingmu and another Starwood War Department warrior surrounded that God.

They roared lightly, and one by one, they pierced through the body of the god in the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace.

"Lord Yuan Kui, save... save me..."

A weak and panicked voice sounded, and his life force slowly disappeared.

The fourth God had fallen!

"No!"

Yuan Kui, who was at least a hundred thousand meters away from the Soaring Heavens Treasure Palace, let out an angry roar when he saw this scene.

"Oh no, we are not their opponent!"

Luke Owen saw that four gods had already fallen on their side, and a hint of panic flashed through his eyes.

Four Gods had already fallen, and more and more of their gods would fall in the future.

In less than an hour, their two major factions would be completely finished.

This caused a hint of panic to appear in his eyes.

"Explode! Lightning Pool!"

Yuan Kui's face was blood-red as he stared at ao crab in front of him. He waved his arm.

In front of him, there was a lightning pool that was about twenty kilometers long, and a lightning ruler that was tens of thousands of meters tall!

There were also three or four Earth elemental shields.

These were all divine weapons that he had obtained from the ancient lands of the divine kingdom.

If it weren't for these divine weapons, the two of them wouldn't be ao Xie's match at all.

In fact, if it weren't for these divine weapons, they might have died.

"Boom!"

A huge explosion sounded, and the entire earth trembled slightly.

In the starry sky, lightning covered the entire starry sky, and dazzling lightning flashed on Earth.

The divine artifact exploded.

Yuan Kui's blood-red gaze stared fixedly at the center!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

However, at this moment, that special sound rang out, causing Yuan Kui and Luke Owen's expressions to change drastically, and a trace of fear appeared in their eyes!

A God with five wisps of divine fire was definitely not this terrifying!

This terrifying crab possessed the strength of a god with six wisps of divine fire.

Flee!

"Flee, Flee, flee! We Aren't their match!"

Luke Owen immediately roared loudly. At this moment, his fighting spirit had completely vanished!