Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1975: The Gods of 1975 had fallen, and Ling Xiao was in pieces

"Run, run, run! We're not their match!"

A panicked and frightened voice came out of Luke Owen's mouth.

When he saw that even the self-destruction of the divine artifact was not able to injure the crab, he was already certain that they were definitely not the crab's match.

If they continued to fight, the ones who would fall would be them!

"Ka Ka ka, if you want to escape, can you?"

Ao crab stared coldly at Luke Owen. He moved his eight claws and attacked them as if he was crossing the void.

Around him, earth elemental energy continuously emerged from his body. In the sky, numerous incomparably huge earth mountains gathered.

Earth Mountains smashed directly at them.

It was as if they had encountered a group of meteorites in the starry sky. They directly smashed towards Luke Owen and Yuan Kui.

"How could this be? How could this be? Even the self-destruction of the divine artifact wasn't able to injure them!"

When Yuan Kui saw this scene, his expression was also extremely aghast. When he saw the Earth Mountains smashing towards him and heard Luke Owen's voice, his expression was extremely unsightly.

Escape?

This was the territory of the soaring heavens treasured palace. Where could they escape to!

"What?"

However, at this moment, when the gods of the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace and the holy temple heard Luke Owen's words, their expressions changed drastically.

"Go, return to the Holy Temple, return to the Holy Temple!"

When the gods of the holy temple heard these words, their expressions changed slightly. Without the slightest hesitation, they immediately roared loudly.

Four Gods had fallen, and all the Holy Warriors had died. They were completely no match for the other side.

If the strongest expert of the Holy Church couldn't defeat that terrifying crab, then they had no hope of winning.

If they continued fighting, only death awaited them!

Now that they heard Luke Owen's terrified voice, they didn't hesitate at all.

Run, run away from here!

"Keke, run, do you think it's that easy to escape? Die, die!"

"Roar Roar Roar, stop them. Don't let any of them escape!"

When Prime Minister Takagi and the rest saw that the other party actually wanted to escape, they instantly unleashed all of their strength!

"Do you think you can fight us if you want to and run away if you want to?"

When Wang Xian saw that they actually wanted to escape, a sneer appeared on his face.

With a wave of his arm, he grabbed two star grass and attacked the two gods with a wisp of divine fire.

Whoosh! Whoosh

The two star grass flickered slightly. The two gods of the Holy Hall who were in a panic were instantly penetrated!

"HMPH, aren't the two of you invincible? Why are you trying to escape now?"

Hua Er and Cai'er snorted coldly. With a move, they flew into the sky!

"Forest canopy!"

The two girls shouted at the same time. The Kingdom of God appeared behind them and a sky that was covered with thorns descended from hundreds of thousands of meters in the sky.

It was as if the entire sky was covered by a curtain.

"Come down!"

Prime Minister Gui's body trembled and the turtle shell behind him grew bigger instantly. He charged towards the group of gods!

"Five Elements Millstone!"

At the bottom, Wang Xian opened his mouth. The Five Elements Millstone spun and turned into a radius of 70 to 80 kilometers.

The Five Elements Millstone, which had absorbed a few divine artifacts, was now sufficient to suppress three wisps of divine fire.

"Five elements restraint!"

He shouted softly. The strongest restraint of the five elements millstone was heading towards the gods.

In an instant, just as the gods of the Holy Church were about to escape, powerful binding forces attacked them.

"Die! The blood sea is boiling!"

"The blood sea is boiling!"

The eight-limbed devil sha also shouted, and a force filled with blood and corrosion spread toward the gods in front of him.

"Heaven and earth are merciless, the Sword of Heaven and Earth!"

Ao jian shouted softly, and his cold and merciless voice entered everyone's mind.

"Using dragons as arrows, nine dragons killing the heavens!"

Mou Zesen drew the bowstring fully, and behind him, the wind attribute condensed into an incomparably huge figure.

The figure drew the bow and shot the arrows!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The nine flood dragons roared, and directly came to the arrows!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Streams of wind attribute energy contained the nine flood dragons!

"Weng!"

The heavens and earth shook, and the nine flood dragons acted as arrows, directly attacking the nine gods.

"Lightning Water, lightning spear!"

Ao Qi waved the lightning hammer and lightning spear in his hand, and the Lightning Hammer and lightning spear clashed violently in the air, and a bolt of lightning seemed to pass through the starry sky.

"Gouyu's chained pupils, kill!"

Ao Qitian roared wildly, and as his three pupils reached out, chains appeared out of thin air, attacking the gods one by one.

"Dragon Cave Devouring God!"

Ao crab's body shook again when he saw this scene. Terrifying Dragon Caves appeared in the starry sky behind him.

The Dragon Cave had a terrifying suction force, like a black hole.

Thousands of dragon cave black holes, each thousands of meters in size, attacked downwards!

Terrifying attacks came one after another. At this moment, all the members of the Dragon Palace unleashed their strongest attacks!

"Defend, don't run, Defend!"

A God who had lit three wisps of divine fire was shocked by these terrifying attacks, and he quickly shouted!

"Light protection, divine wings protection!"

"Divine kingdom, Defend!"

"Pillar of Heaven, stand!"

The wings of the god of light, which were dozens of kilometers in size, blocked the attacks, and the divine kingdoms stood in front of them.

The massive pillars faced the attacks one by one.

"Ah!"

However, before the attacks could even begin, screams of pain could be heard.

Ao Yao, who was hiding in the void, once again delivered a fatal blow!

"Ah, ah, ah!"

The next moment, screams of pain could be heard again. The nine flood dragons were arrows, and they unleashed an attack that could threaten three wisps of the Divine Fire God.

When the nine dragon arrows arrived, six screams sounded.

Three of the two godly fire gods tried their best to dodge the fatal attacks of the Dragons.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Then, the explosions of energy collisions sounded, and the lingxiao palace trembled violently in the aftermath.

On top of the palace, cultivators at the insightful void tier spat out blood and lay on the ground! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Ahhhhhhh!"

The screams were endless!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

The sky was shaking, and the screams were endless.

The world was shaking, and suddenly, blood-red rain fell from the sky!

"No, no!"

Seeing the horrifying attacks falling on them, some gods shouted in fear when they saw the godly state experts of the Dragon Palace attacking them again!

Crack! Crack! Crack

However, what made the entire world feel even more terrified was that for the first time, the terrifying crab in the sky released a mountain of rubble that smashed into the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!

The Lingxiao Treasured Palace, which had a circumference of several thousand kilometers, began to slowly crack open, and the buildings on top began to smash downwards.

The gods fell, and the Lingxiao shattered!