Chapter 1976: The Gods of 1976 had fallen, and Ling Xiao had shattered

"Rumble!"

Ling Xiao's treasured palace slowly cracked open, and large pieces of buildings fell towards the ground below.

Ling Xiao had begun to shatter!

"Pu!"

In the starry sky above Ling Xiao's treasured palace, Yuan Kui saw the gods of Ling Xiao's treasured palace fall one by one. Seeing Ling Xiao Shatter, his mind was in a daze, and he was struck directly by a huge mountain of Earth.

The force that was like a meteorite impact made him spit out blood.

"Dragon King, if you dare to kill US and destroy the Ling Xiao Treasure Palace, Earth will lose its momentum and will not be able to reach the boundless galaxy. It will be lost in the starry sky!"

Yuan Kui stared at Wang Xian with his blood-red eyes and roared angrily.

"Oh?"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

However, he did not ask the members of the Dragon Palace to stop their attacks.

Even if earth did not head to the boundless galaxy and stayed in the original Milky Way galaxy, there would not be any problems.

After all, the Earth in the past was a living planet that was isolated for a few thousand light years.

"I'm afraid that the gods did not have good intentions when they moved Earth to the boundless galaxy!"

Prime Minister Turtle controlled the huge turtle shell and smashed it at the gods one by one as he said coldly.

"Damn it, damn it, you damn beasts!"

Luke Owen roared miserably.

He had never expected that the alliance with the Lingxiao Palace would end like this.

According to their own forces, they could suppress all the gods on Earth without any problem.

Even when the Dragon King revealed more than twenty godly state experts, the Sacred Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were not too afraid.

This was because there was also a big gap between godly state experts.

The two forces each had a god who ignited five wisps of divine fire, so it should be easy for them to destroy the Dragon King's forces.

However, they never expected that the Dragon King had an existence that was even stronger than them.

Now, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall were finished. They were completely finished!

Luke Owen and Yuan Kui's expressions were extremely ferocious as they watched the gods scream.

"Quickly enter the pantheon of gods. The pantheon of gods is protected by an array formation!"

Yuan Kui's gaze swept through the surroundings. In just a short while, ten gods had fallen from the Lingxiao treasured palace.

These were ten gods!

"Quick, quick, enter the temple of all gods!"

The gods from the temple of Lingxiao flew crazily toward the temple of all gods in the center.

"Run back to the sanctuary. The sanctuary can block their attacks!"

Luke Owen also roared crazily and fled toward the west with a ferocious expression!

"Crack, crack, crack, Fall!"

Ao crab completely locked onto Luke Owen and Yuan Kui. It moved its huge body and two huge pincers directly attacked them.

"Block it for me!"

There were three divine artifacts floating around Yuan Kui, and one of the shield divine artifacts directly blocked the ao crab.

"Holy light binding!"

Luke Owen roared, and beams of holy light descended from the sky, directly wrapping around the AO crab.

"Peng!"

The shield divine artifact was sent flying, and the holy light binding was directly broken.

A huge claw attacked Luke Owen.

In front of that huge claw, Luke Owen felt as though he was an ant.

"Pu!"

An extremely terrifying power landed on his body, causing his expression to change drastically. He immediately spat out a drop of God's blood that was emitting divine light.

The god's blood streaked out a ray of light and flew towards the west at a terrifying speed.

"Peng!"

His body and his divine kingdom directly fell towards the ground below.

"No, no, Lord Luke Owen!"

A fierce roar came from the surroundings. Everyone looked at Luke Owen's body that was falling towards the ground. The faces of the remaining five gods of the sanctuary sank as they roared in despair.

"Run, run, run! As long as we enter the array, we have a chance to survive!"

"I can't die here, I can't!"

Yuan Kui's blood burned when he saw this scene. Waves of terrifying divine light enveloped his entire body.

His entire body was like blood-red lightning as he instantly entered the pantheon of gods in the middle of the skyscraping treasured palace!

"Buzz!"

In an instant, a powerful divine light bloomed from the Pantheon of gods. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Come in quickly!"

Yuan Kui shouted at the figures outside.

"Run!"

"Go in, go in!"

Desperate cries rang out one after another. Looking at the last glimmer of hope, the seven to eight godly state experts outside were flying in this direction with all their might.

"PFFT!"

A god was severely injured. He gritted his teeth and spat out a mouthful of divine blood. The divine blood emitted a divine glow as it flew towards the pantheon of gods.

"Eh? Ao crab, attack the pantheon of gods!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw Yuan Kui escaping into the pantheon of gods. He looked at the rising array formation.

There were seven to eight strong godly state experts who were trying their best to escape. They were even willing to sacrifice a drop of their divine blood to escape. Under such circumstances, it was difficult for the members of the Dragon Palace to completely hold them back

He immediately gave an order to Ao he.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he raised his gigantic pincers and attacked the pantheon of gods below.

Boom

A terrifying force landed on the formation. Ripples appeared on the pantheon of gods which was covered by the formation.

Crack! Crack! Crack

However, the buildings around the pantheon of gods seemed to be unable to withstand this terrifying force. The surrounding area cracked rapidly.

The entire pantheon of gods broke away from the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace and landed on the ground below.

"What a powerful battle tactic!"

Wang Xian was surprised when he saw that the array formation on top could actually withstand ao crab's attack.

"Sir Yuan Kui, run! Let's run quickly to the Saint Hall!"

However, at this moment, in the hall of the gods which was covered by the array formation, a god from the Saint Hall immediately shouted loudly.

"To the Saint Hall!"

Yuan Kui didn't hesitate at all. He immediately controlled the array formation and flew toward the west with the Pantheon Temple.

If they didn't escape and were surrounded by the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace, even if they hid inside the array formation, they would only be waiting for death.

As long as the other party guarded around the Pantheon Temple, they would be killed one day.

Buzz

The entire Pantheon Hall emitted a powerful divine glow as it flew towards the west.

Behind them, ao crab had attacked more than a dozen times but failed to break the formation.

The entire Pantheon Hall flew towards the direction of the Holy Church with eight gods on its back.

Among the eight gods, three of them had only managed to escape with a drop of divine blood!

"There's no need to chase after them!"

Wang Xian saw this scene and said calmly to ao crab.

The gods that had escaped were already useless. The Dragon Palace had obtained so many opportunities this time. It would be an easy task to kill them in the future!

Everyone in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the entire world could not help but tremble when they saw this scene.

There were 28 gods in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church. Only five of them had truly escaped.

The rest only had one drop of God's blood left!