Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1977: 1977 shocked the world

"Huff, Huff, Huff!"

At this moment, in the pantheon of gods, the pantheon of gods, which had completely left the Lingxiao treasured palace, quickly flew toward the holy church.

At this moment, in the pantheon of Gods, Yuan Kui, the three gods of the Holy Church, and the two gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace panted as they looked toward the rear.

When they saw that the Dragon King didn't chase after them, they heaved a heavy sigh of relief. One of the gods even collapsed on the ground, cold sweat slowly flowing down his face.

"Fortunately, the Dragon King's subordinates did not chase after us. Otherwise, we would have been finished. We would have been finished!"

"Dead. Nearly twenty gods were completely annihilated. Even Lord Luke Owen only managed to escape with a drop of divine blood!"

The few gods of the Holy Church spoke in a low voice with an extremely ugly expression. Their faces were somewhat dazed.

"It's all your Lingxiao Treasured Palace's fault. If you had not provoked them, our holy church would not have fallen to such a State!"

A middle-aged God glared angrily at Yuan Kui and the others.

"Shut up!"

One of Yuan Kui's arms had been cut off, and he was recovering quickly. Hearing their words, he shouted with a gloomy face.

"Things have already come to this. Let's think about what's going to happen next!"

After shouting, he closed his eyes slightly!

"Now is not the time to quarrel. Two Gods of our sanctuary did not come this time. The array formation in the sanctuary is enough to resist the Dragon King's attack, but next..."

"Don't tell me we have to hide in the array formation for four years? Moreover, now that the soaring heavens treasured palace has been destroyed, Earth will lose the motivation to go to the boundless star field. Forget about four years, even 40 or 400 years won't be enough to reach our boundless star field!"

A God from the holy church stood there and said with a solemn face!

"Go back to your holy church and save brother Luke Owen. We'll talk about it later!"

Yuan Kui said helplessly in his heart.

He had never expected that the Lingxiao treasured palace and the holy church would be defeated so thoroughly this time.

Utterly defeated!

Furthermore, now that Earth had lost the motivation of the Lingxiao treasured palace, it would be stuck in this void.

They would be completely finished!

"Wait a minute, don't speak!"

Yuan Kui took a deep breath and waved his arm. A mirror appeared in front of him.

The mirror trembled slightly. He knelt in front of the mirror and an old man's figure slowly appeared.

"What's the matter?"

A voice filled with dignity sounded, causing Yuan Kui to lower his head unconsciously.

"Master, it's my fault for being incompetent. Our Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church were completely defeated by a force from Earth. Now, only three godly state experts have escaped safely. The Lingxiao treasured palace has also been... destroyed!"

Yuan Kui said in a low voice.

"Huh?"

There was a hint of surprise and coldness in his dignified voice. A terrifying pressure shot out from his eyes.

The old man glanced at the people around him through the mirror, his eyes flashing with anger.

"I'll go find the people of the Holy Church. You guys work together and wait for the Order!"

After the old man finished speaking, his figure completely disappeared.

"Dragon King, Dragon King!"

Yuan Kui clenched his fists when he saw his master's figure disappear. A bloodthirsty look appeared on his face as he growled.

If it weren't for the Dragon King, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall would have joined forces to rule the world and control the entire Earth.

Everything was the Dragon King!

At the same time, everyone in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace looked up in shock.

In the starry sky above, there was a divine kingdom floating in the sky. On the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, there was also a divine kingdom crashing directly onto it.

The corpses of the gods and drops of blood rained down from the sky.

At this moment, the entire Lingxiao treasured palace within a radius of several thousand kilometers was deathly silent.

Seeing the end of the war, some people who were lying on the ground crawled up in fear!

"Rumble!"

In the sky sacrifice, the blood rain caused thunder and lightning. Lightning flashed and illuminated the current Lingxiao treasured palace.

It was dilapidated, completely dilapidated!

The array formation and divine light on it had completely disappeared. The extremely eye-catching God Ascension Board in the sky had completely cracked and collapsed.

One could vaguely see the two words "Dragon King"on it, which looked unusually ironic.

The disciples who had come with the gods from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were now full of panic and fear.

The gods had died, and the gods had fled. Would the Dragon King Kill them all next?

Everyone was panicking.

"Sweep through all the corpses, the divine kingdom, and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui's voice sounded. The experts of the Dragon Palace moved and gathered all the treasures in the skyscraping treasured palace.

"Dragon King!"

Soon, the members of the Dragon Palace flew over with smiles on their faces.

This time, there were twenty-three corpses of the gods and the divine kingdom left here. Absorbing these resources would greatly increase the strength of the Dragon Palace.

"Master!"

"Master!"

Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei flew over with smiles on their faces. Their faces were filled with respect.

This was especially so for Ji Lingfei. She had never expected Xiao ran's master to be so terrifying.

He had almost destroyed the holy church and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

This battle was destined to shake the world.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them and revealed a faint smile.

He turned around slowly and looked at the dozens of gods around him.

These gods were all gods who had fallen before. When they saw Wang Xian's gaze, their hearts skipped a beat!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

A few of the gods were obviously prepared. Their figures disappeared in an instant. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The Few True Dragon Sons of Heaven also disappeared in an instant.

They had made preparations in advance. Even if Wang Xian and the rest wanted to keep them, they wouldn't be able to do so.

"Cough cough, we pay our respects to the Dragon King. The Dragon King is Mighty!"

The young master of the celestial race who lit the divine fire didn't leave. When he saw Wang Xian's gaze, he smiled and cupped his hands.

It wasn't his first time dealing with the Dragon King. If the Dragon King wanted to kill him, he would have been finished long ago.

Therefore, he mustered his courage and did not run away!

Obviously, if he could befriend the Dragon King now, he would not have to worry about anything on Earth in the future.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At the side, there was still one God who did not run away. He bowed respectfully to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian looked at the two gods who stayed behind and nodded with a faint smile!

Of the two gods who had lit the divine fire not long ago, one was rather familiar with them. Wang Xian did not intend to make a move against them.

As long as he did not provoke them, he would not kill one God after another for no reason.

Even if he killed them, he would be able to promote the members of the Dragon Palace.

Buzz

Wang Xian turned his head and looked at the disciples of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At this moment, the elites and powerhouses from the major forces of Earth immediately knelt on the ground behind the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and greeted loudly.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace saw this scene, they immediately knelt on the ground and shouted loudly.