Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1978: King 1978

Greetings to the Dragon King!

At this moment, these four words resounded throughout the sky above the Lingxiao treasured palace.

When everyone in the world saw this scene through the satellite, they were extremely shocked!

All the disciples of the Lingxiao treasured palace and all the elites of earth knelt there at this moment and shouted these four words loudly.

Everyone understood in their hearts that the real king had appeared.

He was the Dragon King!

In this dilapidated and desolate lingxiao treasured palace, another new king had appeared in the sky!

The blood rain continued to fall from the sky. The Thunder seemed to be calling for the birth of a king.

Wang Xian stood there and looked at the tens of millions of people kneeling in front of him. A smile appeared on his face.

He looked at the front of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

There, a figure felt the Dragon King's gaze. His body began to tremble and a large amount of sweat instantly formed on his back.

Buzz

A terrifying energy landed on his body out of thin air. The former number one divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace followed the gods in the sky and dissipated.

The people around the number one divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace felt this scene and their faces were filled with fear.

Their bodies were trembling violently. They raised their heads and looked ahead.

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian waved his arm indifferently. An extremely powerful force made them stand up immediately.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian looked at his subordinates and spoke to them. Then, he flew straight down.

"Hehe, let's Go!"

Mo Sha Smiled sinisterly and followed behind him. They flew toward the location of Jiang City.

Xiao ran and the others followed behind, flying downwards.

Behind them, in the Lingxiao Palace, everyone watched this scene in awe, until the Dragon King and the others completely disappeared from sight!

"Hu, Next, this world is once again enveloped by the Dragon King!"

"The gods are dead, and those who flee are fleeing. The Lofty Lingxiao Palace is completely destroyed, and blood rain falls from the sky. A new king is born!"

"How can there be such a terrifying existence in the world? The Dragon King is clearly a native of Earth. How can he fight against the gods who have lived for tens of thousands of years? !"

"More than ten years ago, the Dragon King's might enveloped the entire world. The world revered the Dragon King, and now, it's still the same!"

When the Dragon King's figure completely disappeared, some people muttered.

Everything that happened today shocked them. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

All the gods in the sky, more than twenty of them, were all killed. The heavens and Earth mourned and the gods died.

However, not a single one of the Dragon King's subordinates died.

The invincible 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals were all killed!

The 40,000 to 50,000 warriors of the Holy Warrior Army were all killed!

The day of the alliance between the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church became the day that they fell from the altar.

Although some gods had escaped, it was difficult to fight against the current Dragon King!

The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace were in a daze. Back then, they were high and mighty because of the background of the Lingxiao treasured palace, but now...

"Xiao ran is the real crown prince. No, Xiao ran has already become a god, and he has a divine weapon in his hand!"

Some of the divine sons and disciples in the Lingxiao treasured palace had bitter expressions on their faces.

In the past, Xiao ran was just an ordinary disciple who was not even ranked in the Lingxiao treasured palace.

However, the Dragon King's return not long ago had greatly increased his strength. Even so, he was only about the same as them.

In fact, they still did not put Xiao ran in their eyes. After all, there was a huge gap between the Dragon King and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

But now, Xiao ran had lit the divine fire and held the divine weapon in his hand. The Dragon King's might shook the world.

At this moment, the internet was even more explosive!

The entire world was talking about this battle. Everyone was talking about the Dragon King!

Even the gods were frowning as they looked at the messages in deep thought.

The Dragon King had single-handedly destroyed the Lingxiao treasured palace and the holy church. His strength was even more terrifying. Next, they had to think about how to face the Dragon King!

"Wow, there are so many treasures!"

Wang Xian didn't pay any attention to the commotion outside. On top of the villa, Hua Er and Cai er were looking at the treasures one by one with glowing eyes.

There were a total of eight divine artifacts that were extremely precious to gods!

There were all kinds of elixirs and spiritual herbs. There were countless of them.

There were even seven to eight spiritual herbs of the godly state!

This made the two little girls look excited.

"Take whatever you like!"

Wang Xian patted the two little girls'heads and said with a smile.

"Daddi is the best. I want this spiritual herb!"

"I want one too. I Want This!"

The two little girls were picking and picking with smiles on their faces.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled at the side. Sensing the huge changes in the Dragon Palace, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

This time, the biggest reward from killing the gods was not the elixirs, herbs, and divine artifacts, but the divine kingdoms and corpses.

Among the twenty-two corpses of the gods, the highest was Luke Owen's corpse. Although he escaped with a drop of divine blood, most of the energy was still in his body.

One of the corpses that ignited five wisps of divine fire, one of the four wisps of divine fire, and three of the three wisps of divine fire.

The rest were gods who had ignited two wisps of divine fire. These corpses could increase the number of god-level experts in the Dragon Palace by at least a dozen.

Apart from these, there were three fire-type gods, two thunder-type gods, two metal-type gods, and two darkness-type gods among them!

The members of the demon war division, along with the fire-type and thunder-type divinities, could turn into a berserk dragon.

Ao Qi and the other members of the Thunder Department, along with their darkness and fire godheads, could turn into wild dragons.

The fire hammer clan could turn into the strongest forged dragon of the Dragon Palace, the Fire Gold Dragon!

The strange demon could turn into a thorned dragon with its darkness Godhead!

These improvements were a huge change for a member of the Dragon Palace.

Just like the most ordinary fire hammer clan. If they were converted into fire-gold dragon seeds and given godly-level materials, they would be able to forge a divine weapon.

Ao Qi's advancement to the berserk dragon seed would be the same as AO qitian and AO xingmu. He would be able to fight across three levels.

Once the members of the Dragon Palace used up all these resources, they would receive a huge improvement

Apart from these corpses, the divine kingdoms would also be a huge improvement for the Dragon Palace and Ao crab.

At this moment, Wang Xian could already feel that the dragon palace was undergoing a huge change!

Currently, the Dragon Palace lacked the three divine kingdoms of the Thunder, light, and wood attributes. All of them had been gathered.

The Dragon Palace had already devoured all the divine kingdoms of the nine attributes. Now, the Dragon Palace was already improving.

When the level five Dragon Palace was upgraded to level six, there would be an earth-shaking change.

"With the improvement of the Dragon Palace, I will be able to directly lift up the divine kingdoms. It's time for me to make a trip to the transcendence continent!"

"When the time comes, I will move the Dragon Palace to the ocean on Earth!"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

This time, he would be able to advance to the godly state completely. Once the Kingdom of God was lifted, with his strength, he would be able to fight against a god with five wisps of divine fire!