Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1979: In 1979, the Dragon Palace was upgraded and the Kingdom of God was lifted up

"Let's go out for a while. Hua'er, Cai'er, you guys stay with Xiao ran and the rest for the next few days!"

Wang Xian spoke to the two disgruntled girls for a while before flying straight towards the Pacific Ocean.

The Dragon Palace was being upgraded. Wang Xian rushed over now to upgrade his strength.

He had a premonition that the upgrade of the Dragon Palace this time would bring about a huge change.

After all, those below the godly state were all ants. The transformation of the Dragon Palace into the godly state was the biggest change.

A group of members of the Dragon Palace followed behind and flew toward the location that connected to the supernatural mainland.

Due to the changes in the Earth's crust, that location was completely under the sea. It was impossible for anyone to discover this place.

Wang Xian came to the entrance and entered the supernatural mainland directly.

"Phew!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

When he arrived at the sea area of the extraordinary mainland, Wang Xian scanned his surroundings with a smile.

It had been almost a year since he went to Earth. During this one year, his improvement could be said to be tremendous.

Buzz

He led the members of the Dragon Palace and teleported away quickly.

A few minutes later, Wang Xian arrived above the Dragon Palace first.

At this moment, all the members of the Dragon Palace were suspended in the air. They looked at the Dragon Palace which was undergoing tremendous changes in shock.

The Dragon Palace was expanding at a terrifying speed.

The Dragon Palace, which was hundreds of kilometers in radius, had now expanded to thousands of kilometers.

The height of the ocean-pacifying needle had reached about 10,000 meters.

The Dragon King Palace, the Dragon Transformation Pool, the Dragon Field, and other places had all expanded by three or four times.

The Dragon Caves were emitting a mysterious light!

Behind the dragon throne, the ancestral tree had also received tremendous growth due to the improvement of the Dragon Palace.

Even the endless wood, the soul-returning wood, the servitude tree, and the Nirvana Lightning Wood had produced many fruits.

This time, the number of fruits was three to four times more than the previous time.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian suddenly realized that an area had suddenly appeared beside the dragon transformation pool.

In this area, different buildings were slowly emerging.

These buildings were like insect nests. The densely packed insect nests were similar to dragon nests. There were a total of 200,000 of them!

"Ding! Congratulations, host. The Dragon Palace has devoured nine divine kingdoms with different attributes. Its level has been upgraded to level 6!"

"Ding! Congratulations, host. The Dragon Palace has unlocked the building, Dragon Nest!"

"Ding! Congratulations, host. All the attributes of the Dragon Palace have been doubled!"

At this moment, the sound of system notifications rang out one after another, causing Wang Xian's eyes to flash with astonishment.

Dragon Palace: Level 6

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (longevity nine-stage Yin-yang five elemental divine dragon)

Building:

Dragon King Hall: Level 6(increases the cultivation speed and recovery speed of the Dragon King by 192 times)

Dragon Transformation Pool: Level 6(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon seed, divine crystal: 4575454322)

Dragon Gate: Level 6(a fish can only become a dragon after leaping through the Dragon Gate, effective against creatures below the eternal Lord Level!)

Ocean-pacifying needle: Level 6(pillar of the Dragon Palace, pacifying 4,000 kilometers of calm in the Dragon Palace, increasing the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace by 1,000% !)

Dragon Cave: Level 6(with 100,000 dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will be increased by 128 times!)

Dragon Field: Level 6(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 64 times!)

Dragon Array: Level 6(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, wormhole, detection, Attack!)

Spiritual items:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return the soul of creatures below the eternal Lord Level!)(activate the spiritual intelligence of Creatures!)(increases the speed of fire attribute cultivators by 400% ! increases the speed of wood attribute cultivators by 400% , and lightning attribute cultivators by 400% !)

Annex: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon species.

Current dragon species: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, Strange Demon, Light Thorn, Hydra, Dragon Turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster, Starwood Dragon species, fire phoenix dragon species...

Special buildings:

Dragon Nest: Dragon of devouring (None)

Dragon of devouring: energy consumption can be used to create its own insect-like species. The queen insect feeds on all kinds of metal materials!

The information about the Dragon Palace appeared in Wang Xian's mind. Looking at the Dragon Palace, which had all its attributes increased, a hint of excitement appeared in Wang Xian's eyes.

Some of the buildings in the Dragon Palace had also undergone subtle changes.

For example, the teleportation of the Dragon Formation had turned into a wormhole.

The Dragon Nest, which was a special building, had been added, as well as the so-called dragon of devouring!

A level-6 dragon palace could completely withstand the attacks of anyone below the level of the Eternal Lord.

After the upgrade, the Dragon Palace emitted a terrifying divine might.

In the surroundings, countless sea creatures from the extraordinary sea were worshipping in this direction.

"Next, it's time for me to ignite the Divine Fire!"

Wang Xian took a deep breath.

"Roar!"

A dragon's roar came from his mouth. Wang Xian transformed into his dragon form and raised his head to roar toward the sky!

The terrifying pressure spread in all directions.

Buzz

A wisp of divine fire rose above Wang Xian's Head!

"Rise up, Dragon Palace, turn into the Kingdom of Dragons!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar. The entire gigantic Dragon Palace was shrouded in divine light.

Boom

The Dragon Palace that was over a thousand kilometers in circumference slowly rose up and flew toward the sky above him.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, the heaven and earth changed drastically. A seven-colored ray of light drifted over from afar. Its coverage area reached over a hundred thousand kilometers in circumference.

The divine kingdom that was more than 1,000 kilometers slowly floated above Wang Xian.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian felt the majestic power coming from the Dragon Palace, and his face revealed an excited expression.

Finally, he could raise the divine kingdom in his hand high up.

Igniting the divine fire and lifting the divine kingdom was his first step into the universe!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Wang Xian let out an excited roar. The roar of the dragon's might reverberated across an area of more than 100,000 kilometers.

On the Dragon Palace, waves of majestic energy entered his body. Wang Xian's body grew again.

It grew to a length of 6,000 meters.

The seven-colored dragon scales, the Majestic Dragon Head, the real divine item!

At this moment, Wang Xian felt that he could draw an endless stream of energy from the Dragon Palace. He felt that even if he was constantly fighting, he would not feel tired.

The Dragon Palace had turned into a divine kingdom and became his source of strength.

In the void where there was no spiritual energy, he could also unleash a terrifying strength.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, above the Dragon Palace, the shadows of nine divine dragons suddenly circled.

With a thought from Wang Xian, the Dragon Palace actually shrank rapidly.

"It contains the heaven and earth!"

Excitement shot out from Wang Xian's eyes. It contained the heaven and earth like a spirit storage bag. Even though the dragon palace was 1,000 meters in size, the space inside was still 1,000 kilometers in size.

"If I summon the Dragon Palace to fight!"

He mumbled and his body shook!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, nine gigantic pillars of heaven were erected around him. Each pillar of heaven was 100,000 meters tall.

Each pillar was 10,000 meters in size and had a divine dragon entrenched on it.

In the sky above the pillars, the Dragon Palace that was 1,000 kilometers in radius appeared!

"Hiss, if I summon the Kingdom of God and unleash my full strength, I can easily kill ao crab!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with excitement. With the transformation of the Dragon Palace into the Kingdom of God, he would be able to fight six levels higher!

Heaven-defying!