Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1980: 1980 promotion of members of Dragon Palace

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: a Wisp of divine fire (fifth change of Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 33542221/1000000000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit attachment, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the heavens, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 6.

Dragon Palace members: 26,433

Looking at his own attributes, Wang Xian revealed an excited look. Now that the Divine Dragon Transformation had reached the fifth transformation, he could be considered to have entered the growth stage of the Divine Dragon tribe in the past.

However, as the first seven-colored divine dragon in the history of the Divine Dragon Clan, the seven attributes, together with the Divine Kingdom of the Dragon Palace, allowed him to fight six levels above him.

What kind of concept was this?

After Wang Xian summoned the divine kingdom, he could fight against the god who had ignited seven wisps of divine fire. He could even kill ao crab easily.

The improvement this time could be said to be a huge qualitative change.

The six-thousand-meter-long body of the divine dragon was shimmering with divine radiance under the sunlight.

The Dragon Palace that stood on the ten-thousand-meter-long dragon pillar in the sky was incomparably majestic. It suppressed the entire world.

"What's going on over there? has the Dragon King become a God? Or has the Dragon King improved again?"

At the seaside of the extraordinary sea, some people from the extraordinary continent looked at this scene with shock on their faces.

The Dragon King was getting stronger!

"Phew!"

Wang Xian sensed the dragon palace that had transformed into a divine kingdom. He smiled and placed it into the sea.

After the Dragon Palace had transformed into a divine kingdom, he could store it back into his body and place it anywhere.

With just a thought, he could summon it back for battle.

"Congratulations on becoming a god, Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace bowed to Wang Xian respectfully.

"Get up and take a look at the upgraded Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said with a smile on his face. He moved and arrived at the Dragon King Hall of the Dragon Palace.

The spiritual energy in the current Dragon King Hall was 192 times that of the outside world.

The concentration of the spiritual energy in the blood of the four or five wisps of Divine Fire God was only tens of times that of the Dragon Palace. There was a huge gap between them and the Dragon Palace.

The most eye-catching thing in the Dragon King's palace was the ancestral tree behind the dragon throne.

The ancestral tree, which was only a dozen meters in size back then, had reached a height of a thousand meters after the upgrade of the Dragon Palace.

There were many branches on the branches of the ancestral tree.

There were eight fruits hanging on each branch.

These fruits were a huge treasure to the Dragon Palace.

"Look at the Dragon Nest!"

Wang Xian looked at the back of the dragon transformation pool. There was a special building there.

The dragon nest was originally called the insect nest.

Now that it had merged with the Dragon Palace, it was called the Dragon Nest.

The most powerful aspect of the insect race was their insect nest and mother insect.

Using the insect nest, they could quickly reproduce their underlings. As long as they had enough materials, they could improve quickly.

The greatest danger of the Zerg was that they could devour a planet at a terrifying speed when they entered it.

When this planet lost all its metallic materials and energy, it would turn into a Death Star. No living beings could be born on the Death Star.

"Ao crab!"

Wang Xian sized up the nests in the dragon nest. In the middle of the nest, there was an extremely hideous mother nest.

The mother nest occupied an area of about 10,000 meters. It was a huge head with pitch-black horns and black scales all over its body.

It had a body of about 5,000 to 6,000 meters and looked similar to the bone dragon. However, it was much uglier and more hideous than the Bone Dragon.

This was the image of the mother nest, also known as the Devouring Dragon.

As he sized up the nest, he shouted at Ao crab.

"Dragon King!"

Ao crab flew over and sized up the dragon nest in front of him with a burning gaze.

Perhaps it was due to ao crab's bloodline, he had some similarities with the characteristics of demons and insects. It was obviously the best choice for Ao crab to become the devouring dragon.

"Enter and see if you can increase your strength!"

Wang Xian gave him an order.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao crab nodded his head. His body moved and transformed into the form of a crab.

Splash

Following that, small crabs crawled out from his body one by one and rushed crazily towards the surrounding nests.

These four to five-meter-sized small crabs already possessed the strength of a level eight demigod. There were a total of 30,000 small crabs.

Such a terrifying improvement speed was much faster than the improvement speed of the members of the Dragon Palace.

Ao crab's 10,000-meter-long body moved and entered the dragon nest with some excitement.

"Evolving!"

When Wang Xian saw ao crab entering the mother nest and the message that came from inside, he smiled.

After the evolution, ao crab would be even stronger. At that time, he should be able to match his strength.

"Prime Minister Gui!"

Wang Xian shouted again.

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui's figure appeared beside him immediately.

"Use all the godheads and fruits on the ancestral tree to increase the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace. Focus on the evolution of the Berserk Dragons and the Starwood Combat Division!"

Wang Xian gave him an order.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

Eight fruits and a group of godheads could increase the number of berserk dragon species in the Dragon Palace by ten.

It could increase the fire hammer clan by two fire gold dragon species and the strange demon clan by two thorned dragon species.

The remaining corpse resources could increase the Starwood Dragon species by two godly state members.

After this upgrade, the strength of the Dragon Palace would receive another huge boost.

After the upgrade of the Dragon Palace, if I were to face the Holy Church and the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace again, I would be able to kill all the gods within three minutes

Wang Xian thought to himself. He was in a great mood as he rose to the sky above the Dragon Palace and looked down at the underwater palace that was more than 1,000 kilometers long.

After they upgraded, Wang Xian was ready to transfer the Dragon Palace to Earth.

The resources on Earth were much more than those on the supernatural continent.

If there were any more changes on earth, the Dragon Palace would control all the resources.

As for the other gods, if they were not convinced, they could suppress them directly.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they could do it.

While the members of the Dragon Palace were promoted, on Earth, everyone was discussing about the Dragon King for a few days.

They were discussing the war.

Even now, when they raised their heads, they could still see the shattered skyscraping treasured palace in the sky. Every time they raised their heads, their hearts were filled with shock. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

In these few days, Xiao ran returned to the Dragon Gate Academy and became the principal of the academy.

Ji Lingfei became the vice principal of the Academy.

After the news was announced, the Dragon Gate Academy immediately became the strongest force in the world!

Two gods as the dean of the Academy, and behind the Dragon King, who dared to provoke?