Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1981: 1981 wandering the earth

"The Dragon King's title of King seems to be the same as more than ten years ago. He hasn't unified the world. Even if he has invincible strength, he hasn't established any forces or rules!"

"With the current strength of the Dragon King and the others, there might not be anything that can attract him!"

Time slowly passed. Ever since the Dragon King had destroyed two major forces, the entire world had once again become peaceful.

This time, it was much calmer than before.

The gods who had lit the divine fire and the True Dragon's sons of Heaven were keeping a low profile. They didn't even dare to be too arrogant.

Now, most of the gods had gathered around the two tombs at the north and south poles.

Especially the South Pole. Not a single person had entered the Lightwing god Lord's tomb yet.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.

A month later, a major event occurred.

A True Dragon's son of Heaven entered the vast starry skies and never returned.

This news caused everyone to speculate. Very quickly, people thought of Earth.

"Before the Dragon King fought against the two major forces, the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace wanted to lead earth into the boundless galaxy with great power. But now, the soaring heavens treasured palace is almost in ruins. Earth has stopped spinning in the unknown starry skies. We can be sure that there are no life planets in a large area around our earth. There should be many life planets in the boundless galaxy!"

"The gods must be trying to enter places where there are many living planets. That's why they flew out of earth and into the starry skies!"

"Earth is still too small for the gods. Now that the Dragon King is on Earth, he's intimidating all the gods. The gods don't want to be restricted, so they want to leave Earth!"

"This has little to do with US mortals. If Earth enters the boundless galaxy, it might be a good thing for us, or it might be a bad thing!"

On the Internet, countless people were discussing that earth had already stopped in the void, so it didn't have much of an impact on the people on Earth.

But for those who had followed the gods to descend, they were full of panic.

Many people had followed the gods here for opportunities. They had their own families in the boundless galaxy, and now that Earth had stopped, they couldn't go back at all.

This made some people very dissatisfied with the Dragon King.

However, they didn't dare to show it.

The power that the Dragon King had now was too strong!

"Has that Guy obtained the star map?"? "He actually dared to charge out directly. It must be known that there might not be any life planets in the billions of light years nearby. If he encounters cosmic storms, cosmic lights, or something like that, even a god realm expert wouldn't be able to withstand it!"

At this moment, four figures were sitting in a room at the North Pole. One of them, a young man, said with a frown.

"It's said that the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's sacred hall and the others used three years to descend to earth. In the middle, more than a dozen gods fell. This was even before the star map. Without the star map, the death rate would be even higher!"

Another young man beside him knocked on the table lightly.

"Now that Earth has stopped here and the Dragon King is so powerful, we only have two ways. We can find the star map and leave this place, or we can take this planet and continue to advance. But the premise is that the people of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall will lead the way, and the Dragon King won't Stop Us!"

"It's impossible for the Dragon King not to stop us. Now it's very clear that once Earth really reaches the boundless galaxy, the forces behind the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall will definitely destroy the Dragon King and the others. The Dragon King will definitely not take the risk!"

"Sigh, this is really troublesome. I had originally thought of leaving when Earth was about to enter the boundless galaxy, but now..."

The four figures said somewhat helplessly.

Thinking about how they had fallen hundreds of thousands of years ago, and now that they had revived and obtained the Dragon Soul, they had originally thought that they would be able to suppress the world for an entire lifetime. They had never thought that the Dragon King would appear out of nowhere and suppress them, making them extremely fearful!

Now, they were even more passive.

"En, this brother, since you are here, show yourself!"

At this moment, a young man's ears twitched slightly as he looked up

"En?"

The other three figures were also slightly stunned as they narrowed their eyes.

"As expected of the true dragon's son of heaven. I immediately discovered him the moment I arrived!"

A middle-aged man in a black robe appeared and looked at them expressionlessly.

"Oh? Who Did I think it was? It turns out to be a stray dog from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

A young man looked at the middle-aged man in a black robe and said with slight disdain.

The middle-aged man in a black robe was stunned and slowly became embarrassed. His chest rose and fell slightly.

"Four True Dragon's son of heaven, I represent the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church to invite you to join us..."

"PFFT, join you? You're not joking, right? Join you and let the Dragon King Torture You?"

The black-robed middle-aged man said, but before he could finish, a mocking voice sounded. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"You should know that only our Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall have the star map. I can tell you without exaggeration that without the star map, it's almost impossible to enter the boundless star field or any other life star field!"

"Even if we had the star Atlas back then, we still lost more than ten God realm experts, and this was with the help of the experts from our forces!"

Black Robe continued to say expressionlessly.

"And then?"

The four young men also put away their mocking expressions. The God of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace was also telling the truth!

"Continue to bring Earth to the boundless star field. The forces behind us can guarantee that after we enter, they won't attack you. We're even willing to give you some resources!"

The black-robed middle-aged man continued.

"Hehe, then what do we need to do?"

A young man smiled and continued to ask!

"Stop the Dragon King from disturbing you? I think it's better to forget it. Even if the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall join forces with all the gods, they won't be enough to fight the Dragon King!"

"Before we have the strength to fight against Dragon Bay, we won't send ourselves to our deaths!"

Before the black-robed middle-aged man could answer, the youth beside him said directly!

"What if we have the strength to fight against the Dragon King? Do you all want to join us?"

The black-robed middle-aged man looked at them and suddenly asked.

"Huh?"

The four youths who were sitting there were slightly stunned and slowly stood up.

"When you have it, come and find us!"

The four of them looked at each other and said expressionlessly.

"Alright!"

The black-robed middle-aged man nodded slightly and disappeared in a flash!

"If they really have the strength to fight against the Dragon King, we..."

Seeing the black-robed middle-aged man leave, a figure frowned and asked faintly.

"We still don't know the Dragon King's attitude. If they really have the strength, we can consider it!"

A young man said with a twinkle in his eyes.

The four of them were members of the True Dragon Association.

After the skyscraping treasured palace and the sacred hall were almost destroyed by the Dragon King, the True Dragon Association had one more member.

There were two of them, but one of them broke into the starry sky!