Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1982: 1982, the final trump card of the Lingxiao Holy Church

"How is it?"

The holy church was located in a mountain range in the west. At this moment, there were nine figures sitting inside the holy church.

Yuan Kui, who was in the center, looked at the black-robed middle-aged man and asked with a frown.

"As expected, before we have the power to fight against the Dragon King, all the gods will not join us!"

"The Dragon King's force is too strong!"

The black-robed middle-aged man shook his head slightly, his eyes filled with helplessness.

Right now, the people of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall were cowering in the Sacred Hall and didn't dare to go out. They were afraid that the Dragon King would lead his subordinates to attack them.

"In the boundless star field, even if an expert who has ignited eight or nine wisps of divine fire arrives here, it will take at least two years. This time is too long. Right now, we only have one way!"

Luke Owen sat beside Yuan Kui and said with a gloomy face.

Right now, his body looked like a child. The energy in his body was extremely weak, and his strength was only at the demigod realm.

He sat there and looked a little comical.

He wasn't the only one who looked like this in the Sacred Hall.

After Luke Owen finished speaking, he looked at a young man next to him.

In the Sacred Hall, everyone was looking at that young man!

"We've already received orders from the higher-ups. We can help you recover your cultivation with all our might, but remember your promise!"

Yuan Kui said to the young man.

"Don't worry, but you have to remember your promise!"

A trace of excitement flashed through the young man's eyes as he said to Yuan Kui and the others.

"Don't Worry!"

Yuan Kui and the others nodded and handed the interspatial rings to the young man one by one.

"These are all the resources of our precious skyscraping hall!"

"These are all the resources of our Sacred Hall!"

"These resources should be enough for you to recover to the level of seven wisps of Divine Fire!"

One by one, the interspatial rings flew to the young man's side.

The young man stretched out his hand and checked the resources inside. His eyes were burning with passion.

In the past ten years, earth had recovered. The resources the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sanctuary had obtained far exceeded everyone's expectations.

However, this didn't mean that they could enjoy the resources themselves. They had to keep 50% of the resources and hand them over when they returned to the boundless star area.

But now, they had to take them all out.

The young man in front of them was the god of resurrection that the Lingxiao treasured palace had subdued in a divine country.

In front of him, he had the strength of eight wisps of divine fire. Now, he had ignited one wisp of divine fire.

As long as he was given enough resources, he could quickly recover to his peak.

The last trump card of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall was to use all their resources to recover their strength as soon as possible.

At that time, as long as they could suppress the Dragon King, everything they had done was worth it!

"I'll go and recover my strength now. It Won't be long before I can suppress all of the Dragon King and the others. hahaha!"

The young man took the interspatial rings one by one with an excited expression on his face. With a move of his body, he disappeared!

"If it weren't for the two eternal God Lord's divine tombs on the planet, master and the others wouldn't have been willing to take out so many resources!"

Yuan Kui looked at the young man who had disappeared and muttered.

"At this time, as long as we can destroy that Dragon King, everything will be fine!"

Luke Owen looked at his own body and a look of hatred appeared on his face.

The reason why he had become like this was all because of the Dragon King!

"Unless we can kill him with 100% certainty, we must not act rashly this time!"

Yuan Kui's eyes were also filled with hatred as he growled.

Being forced to such a state by a Dragon King was something they would never have imagined!

"Is there a way to enter the two tombs?"

Luke Owen looked at a god beside him and asked. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"No, no one has entered the south pole tomb. There are a few main mountain peaks in the North Pole, but no one has entered!"

The God shook his head.

"The tomb of the Lord God is not that easy to enter!"

Yuan Kui said softly.

"If we can enter, if we can obtain the Lord God's inheritance, then the Little Dragon King has nothing to fear!"

Luke Owen sighed softly.

Soon, the temple was silent.

"Hahaha, hahahaha, I've entered, I've finally entered!"

However, at this moment, in the middle of a mountain in the north pole graveyard, a young man was trembling as he stared at a statue shrouded in divine light.

He was extremely excited as he walked towards the statue, tears welling up in his eyes!

"This is my opportunity, this is a great opportunity that belongs to me!"

"I was originally a grain of sand in the boundless star field. I followed the gods here, but I'm still like dust!"

"Today, I finally got my chance. I want to ride the wind and break through the nine heavens. Not long after, I will let my name resound throughout the entire starry sky. hahaha!"

"This world, wait for my return!"

The young man trembled as he walked to the front of the statue. With a plop, he knelt down and kowtowed heavily.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the divine light of the statue shone brightly, enveloping it. A prostrating figure knelt there!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the entire North Pole divine tomb suddenly emitted a majestic pressure.

The incomparably terrifying pressure caused everyone in the divine tomb to reveal shocked expressions.

"What's going on? What happened? !"

"What happened in the Divine Tomb? What's that sound? And this pressure..."

Shocked voices rang out from within the divine tomb. The gods within the divine tomb also had shocked expressions on their faces as they stared intently at the main peak.

"Bzzz bzzz!"

At this moment, an irresistible force suddenly landed on their bodies.

Everyone's bodies were sent flying out.

"What's Going On!"

In an instant, over 100,000 people appeared at the entrance of the divine tombs. Everyone's faces were filled with shock.

They sized up their surroundings. When they saw that everyone had been expelled, their pupils constricted.

"How did everyone suddenly get expelled from the Divine Tomb? What Happened?"

"Could it be that someone entered the main peak of the Divine Tomb? How is this possible?"

"Someone obtained the inheritance within the divine tomb? Otherwise, why would everyone suddenly be expelled?"

At this moment, everyone was discussing in shock. Even some of the gods were staring in shock.

"It can't be that someone has really obtained the god Lord's inheritance, right? If that's the case, then it's simply too terrifying!"

"It's even more terrifying than the Dragon King. This Earth is becoming more and more terrifying!"

The expressions of all the surrounding gods were somewhat unsightly.

Now that there was a dragon king on this tiny earth, how could they survive if terrifying experts were to be born?