Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1983: 1983 ancient land reappeared

"In the North Pole God Tomb, everyone has been expelled. It is suspected that someone has obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord!"

"The Eternal God Lord is a realm above the god realm. He can suppress a star field. He is definitely a star field expert. He can directly destroy a life planet. If he can obtain the inheritance of the eternal God Lord, he will be invincible in the world!"

"It is suspected that someone has obtained the inheritance of the god Lord. What is an eternal God Lord? He has a lifespan of a million years. He has an almost eternal life. He can suppress a star field. He is a true universe expert!"

What happened in the North Pole divine tomb immediately spread throughout the world. Everyone on the internet was discussing it.

Earth, which had been silent for a month, was once again in an uproar because of what happened in the divine tomb.

After all, the divine tomb was a place that even the Dragon King and the other gods could not enter.

That was an existence of a higher level.

The news quickly spread to every god. The remaining gods of the Holy Church and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace also received the news very quickly.

When all the gods received the news, their expressions were a little ugly.

Even the other godly state experts had extremely ugly expressions on their faces.

Right now, Earth already had an existence like the Dragon King that had been suppressing the world for a lifetime. If an expert were to appear now, in the end, the unlucky ones would still be the gods.

Even the True Dragon Sons of Heaven were powerless as they looked at this news.

"Either we leave Earth or obtain the opportunities on Earth. Otherwise, no one knows what changes will happen to Earth!"

Some gods thought to themselves as they watched the changes one by one.

At this moment, they had to consider the future.

Whoosh

At this moment, on the Pacific Ocean, many figures were floating in the sky.

Wang Xian was floating in the sky with a smile on his face. Beside him, Ao Jian and AO qitian were standing on the left and right. The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace did not follow them!

"Ao Jian, qitian, check the surroundings and see which place is suitable to house the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said to Ao Qitian and Ao Jian.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded.

"After the Dragon Palace is transferred here, find an opportunity to destroy the remnants of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church and get the starry sky chart from them!"

"With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they should be able to gain a foothold in the boundless galaxy!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he quickly teleported towards Jiang City.

He still had something to ask Ji Lingfei. Furthermore, he had been away for a month. He wondered if the two girls had missed him!

Buzz

"Eh? Jiang city has undergone earth-shattering changes. Dragon Gate Academy has expanded by more than ten times compared to before!"

When Wang Xian arrived above Jiang city, he immediately noticed the changes in the entire city.

It was not an exaggeration to call the current river city the most prosperous world.

Longmen Academy, which had two gods overseeing it, was backed by the invincible strength of the Dragon King.

Now, Longmen Academy was the most powerful force on Earth.

Sensing that the two little girls were also at Longmen Academy, Wang Xian's figure flashed as he came directly to the building in the middle of Longmen Academy!

"Ah, little brother, you still know how to come back!"

Hua'er saw Wang Xian suddenly appearing beside them and shouted at him with obvious dissatisfaction.

"Bang!"

"Little girl!"

Wang Xian knocked her head directly!

"Wah, Wah, Wah, you left for a month straight away. Now That You're back, you want to hit me? SOB, SOB, sob!"

Hua'er let out a weird cry. Wang Xian was speechless as he took out two serval fetuses and handed them to the two little girls.

"Eh?"

When the two girls sensed the mysterious power contained in the serval fetuses, they were slightly shocked. They immediately closed their eyes.

"Master!"

"Master!"

Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei, who were at the side, greeted him respectfully.

"How is it? Did anything big happen recently?"

Wang Xian asked them with a smile as he sat on a chair inside.

"Master, something big has indeed happened. At the North Pole Divine Tomb, everyone who entered the divine tomb was expelled. Many people guessed that someone had obtained the inheritance of the Master of God!"

Xiao ran frowned slightly and said.

"Huh? All of them were expelled?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A hint of seriousness appeared on his face.

If someone had really obtained the inheritance of the Master of God, even he would have to be more careful.

After all, that person was a master of God. It was possible for him to leave behind some extremely terrifying treasures.

"Teacher, I have something here too!"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei, who was at the side, also said with a slight frown.

"What is it? I'm here because I have something to ask you too!"

Wang Xian put the matter of the divine tomb aside. Even if someone really obtained the inheritance of the Master of God, it would take at least a few decades or even thousands of years for that inheritor to grow up!

By then, he might have already broken through to the sixth change of the Divine Dragon Realm!

"A few days ago, my master sent me a message saying that he would judge me in the future. He even said that he would destroy all of us!"

Ji Lingfei's face was filled with worry as she continued, "Furthermore, they will definitely not give up on my senior brother so easily. I'm afraid that they will have other means to take revenge..."

"Furthermore, I'm afraid that my master will personally descend here!"

"What is your master's realm? How strong is he in the boundless galaxy? If he were to descend here, how long would it take?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked consecutively. He was not afraid of the survivors of the Lingxiao treasured palace.

Even if they did not seek revenge, Wang Xian was prepared to get rid of them!

"As far as I know, my master has already ignited eight wisps of divine fire. He is also a giant in the boundless galaxy. If he were to descend here, he would need at least one to two years!"

"I just don't know if my master would take this risk!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Ji Lingfei replied!

"Eight wisps of Divine Fire?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. He wasn't very worried about the god of eight wisps of divine fire. Even if he were to descend here one to two years later, he would be able to deal with it by then.

At that time, it was not certain who would kill who!

In fact, he might not even need the other party to descend. He might even bring Earth directly to the boundless galaxy.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, the entire ground began to shake all of a sudden. It was as if a huge earthquake had occurred.

"Eh? What's the situation?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He flew into the sky instantly. Xiao ran and the rest followed behind him in astonishment. They floated in the sky above Longmen Academy!

"This is? What a pleasant surprise!"

When Wang Xian looked towards the south, a smile appeared on his face.

He did not expect that a divine kingdom would appear again in the south. It was a brand new divine kingdom.

In the past ten years, many divine kingdoms and ancient lands had appeared. At that time, Wang Xian had missed out on many treasures.

He did not expect that there were still divine kingdoms and ancient lands on Earth that were recovering. This was completely a gift for him.

This kingdom of God belonged to the Dragon Palace. No other forces could get their hands on it!