Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1984: 1984 suppressed the world

"Eh? What happened in the south? Did another ancient land appear?"

"I didn't expect an ancient land to appear at this time. How many treasures does this earth have?"

"Quick, everyone in the North Pole divine tomb has been expelled. I didn't expect a divine kingdom to appear immediately. The divine kingdom that just appeared must have many treasures in it!"

When the ancient land in the south shook and the divine kingdom appeared, everyone quickly flew towards the south.

"A new divine kingdom!"

All the gods on Earth sensed the change in the south and revealed happy expressions. They immediately flew towards the divine kingdom in the south.

Every divine kingdom that had just been unearthed must have the treasures of this god when he was alive.

If this God had the power of eight or even nine wisps of divine fire when he was alive, the treasures inside might be a huge opportunity for their gods.

Especially for the gods on Earth who had just recovered, as long as they had enough resources, they could quickly improve.

The appearance of this God's kingdom might be even more precious to them than the tombs at the north and south poles.

The group of gods immediately flew towards the ancient land in the south.

"Let's Go! We'll go too!"

At the same time, Wang Xian spoke to Xiao ran and the rest in the sky above the Dragon Gate Academy. He then flew towards the divine kingdom in the south.

After two consecutive teleportations, they soon arrived above the newly-emerged ancient land.

"This divine kingdom is pretty big!"

Wang Xian looked at the divine kingdom in front of him, his eyes gleaming.

This divine kingdom that had just been excavated had an area of 300 kilometers.

The divine kingdom was different from the other ancient divine kingdoms. It was filled with a wild aura.

In the middle of the divine kingdom was a thousand-meter-wide golden lion statue.

"This seems to be the Divine Kingdom of the Golden Lion King!"

Hua'er and Cai'er looked at the Kingdom of the Golden Lion King below and guessed doubtfully.

"The Golden Lion King?"

Wang Xian looked at the two little girls.

"The Golden Lion King is a demonic beast God. It has already ignited eight wisps of divine fire. It is very powerful!"

Cai'er introduced it to Wang Xian.

"Eight Wisps of Divine Fire? It seems like there are many good things inside!"

Wang Xian smiled and scanned the entire divine kingdom with his dragon eyes.

There was an entrance to the divine kingdom that was completely open. With his current strength, he could only blast open an entrance from other places.

The divine kingdom that had lost its God could only withstand the attacks of two to three wisps of gods.

At this moment, countless figures were flying over from the surroundings.

One by one, the gods had already arrived at the entrance.

A newly unearthed Kingdom of God would definitely drive the entire world crazy.

Moreover, the Kingdom of God that was unearthed was different from the tomb of the Eternal God. It was not that difficult to enter.

Buzz Buzz Buzz

In less than a minute, nearly ten gods had appeared in the surroundings.

In addition, there were hundreds of thousands of people who had gathered in the surroundings. Their eyes were burning as they stared at the Kingdom of God in front of them.

"Let's go, let's go to the entrance!"

Wang Xian moved and arrived at the center of the entrance of the Kingdom of God.

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian was floating in the middle of the entrance, everyone was slightly shocked.

Even the gods'pupils contracted slightly as they stared at Wang Xian with a solemn expression.

"It's the Dragon King. The Dragon King is here too!"

"The Dragon King is here. This..."

Hundreds of thousands of people looked at Wang Xian and the rest at the center of the entrance. Their eyes were sparkling.

"No one is allowed to enter this divine kingdom without my permission!"

Wang Xian glanced at the ten deities around him and said calmly.

His voice was heard by everyone instantly!

"Come, let's go in!"

After Wang Xian finished speaking, he flew straight into the divine kingdom. He ignored everyone around him!

"Hiss!"

The hundreds of thousands of people around were slightly stunned when they heard the Dragon King's words. A helpless look appeared on their faces.

"We can only wait for the Dragon King and the rest to come out before we drink soup!"

"Sigh, this is the world of the strong. In the past, the few major forces of the Lingxiao treasured palace monopolized these ancient lands. Now, it's the Dragon King's Turn!"

"Let's forget about it!"

Some people were talking helplessly. Now that the Dragon King had suppressed the world for a lifetime, the treasures that were unearthed would naturally be occupied by the Dragon King.

They did not have the right to compete with him!

After all, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church had almost been destroyed.

"This..."

Compared to the natives on earth, those disciples who had followed the gods to descend and the surrounding gods who had ignited their divine flames looked very embarrassed.

"Nowadays on Earth, other than the divine tombs, only these divine kingdoms want to obtain resources. Now that the divine kingdoms have been directly occupied by the Dragon King, this..."

All the gods looked very unhappy.

Earth was very small to begin with, and there were many gods now. There were simply not enough resources to share.

These divine kingdoms were the only way for them to increase their strength. Now that they were occupied by the Dragon King...

As for asking them to compete with the Dragon King, they really didn't dare.

Now that the Dragon King had suppressed them for an entire lifetime, even if all of them joined forces, they would just follow in the footsteps of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

At this time, a few other gods had arrived. Hearing the discussions around them, they frowned slightly.

The four True Dragon Sons of Heaven from the sacred true dragon gathering looked at each other and shook their heads with a frown.

"Everyone, as long as the Dragon King is here, any treasures on Earth have nothing to do with us!"

"Now that the Earth has stopped in the void of the universe, entering the starry skies is undoubtedly a narrow escape. Right now, we can either risk a narrow escape or destroy the Dragon King!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly entered the ears of the surrounding gods.

The eyes of the surrounding gods flickered!

"Hehe, destroy the Dragon King? With what do we use to destroy the Dragon King? Let's wait until your Lingxiao treasured palace has the strength to fight against the Holy Church!"

A God coldly replied in a direction.

His face was gloomy, and his body moved, instantly leaving this place.

The surrounding gods left the place unwillingly.

Soon, all of the gods left.

"Hehe, it seems that they are wavering!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Two figures stood in the sky 100,000 meters high and said calmly.

"Although they are wavering, they still have to depend on us in the end. Unless we can use our strength to fight against the Dragon King, they will not join us!"

Another figure said calmly.

"Everything depends on that Chi Yang. He has used up all the resources of our Ling Xiao and the Saint Hall and placed everything on him. I hope that he will not disappoint us!"

The figure next to him said expectantly.

"In just a few days, he has already ignited five wisps of divine fire. After a period of time, we will be able to take our revenge completely!"

The eyes of the two figures flashed with a cold light.

They looked down at the divine kingdom with hatred in their eyes, and their figures slowly disappeared!

~ ~ ~

I recommend a very good book, 'The Demon King of the city'written by Happy Erhao. It's so wonderful that you can't miss it!