Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1985: In 1985, the Kingdom of God was suppressed for a lifetime

"Daddi was really domineering just now. Without My permission, no one is allowed to enter. It's So Cool!"

Inside the Kingdom of God, Hua er cai er held Wang Xian's arms on both sides and said to him with a smile.

"After suppressing the Lingxiao treasured palace and the holy church, there will naturally be some benefits!"

Wang Xian smiled!

The Dragon Palace had suppressed the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church for this lifetime. During this period, the Dragon Palace would naturally take over the divine kingdom.

As for the other gods, would they have any objections? So what?

It was already good enough that Wang Xian didn't suppress them all!

"Let's go and see if there are any treasures inside!"

Wang Xian and the rest flew inside.

All the ancient lands on Earth were huge resources to AO crab. He could totally devour all of them.

However, Wang Xian did not do so for the time being.

These ancient lands of the divine kingdom were a place of cultivation for the people on Earth. If ao crab were to devour these ancient lands of the divine kingdom, the cultivation speed of the people on Earth would be the same as that of the supernatural continent.

Without the assistance of the divine kingdom, it was extremely difficult to produce a demigod powerhouse.

It was different with these divine kingdoms. The Divine Kingdom was the best place for cultivation on the transcendence continent.

For the future of the people on Earth, Wang Xian thought about it and decided not to let ao crab devour all the Divine Kingdoms.

"Master, have you lit the Divine Fire?"

The five of them were searching for all kinds of treasures in the divine kingdom. When Xiao ran and the rest saw Wang Xian making a move, they were shocked.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. "In a few days, the Dragon Palace will once again stand tall in the ocean. It can be considered as the complete return of the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace?"

Xiao ran nodded his head silently.

At that time, the underwater dragon palace had shocked all the powerhouses in the world. Now, it was about to be shown to the world again!

"Wow, Daddi, Daddi, Daddi, Golden Lion, there's actually a golden lion in there!"

At this moment, Hua'er's excited voice came from the front.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian flew over and looked at the Golden Lion statue in the center of the Kingdom of God.

As expected, there were two mighty Golden Lions there.

The two golden lions were about ten meters in size. Their golden fur looked extremely mighty.

"Eh? A golden lion that has already become a god? Could it be the fallen Golden Lion King?"

Wang Xian flew over and sized them up.

"Daddi, it's not that Golden Lion King. It should be his descendants that have used a special method to keep them alive!"

"These two golden lions are so cool. They are simply too cool!"

Hua Er and Cai'er stared at the two golden lions with sparkling eyes. However, they did not dare to go over.

After all, they were two golden lions that had lit up a wisp of divine fire. Their attacks were extremely ferocious.

"Roar! Roar!"

The two golden lions stared at Wang Xian and the rest with a curious and cold gaze. They grinned and roared.

"They are indeed powerful. If you like them, let them be your mounts!"

Wang Xian looked at the two golden lions and said with a smile. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At the same time, the dragon's might emitted from his body directly covered the two golden lions.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The two Golden Lions felt the dragon's might from Wang Xian and their eyes instantly revealed an extremely fearful expression.

They laid on the ground and stared at Wang Xian with trembling eyes.

"Don't be afraid, Don't be afraid. Come, I'll give you delicious food!"

Hua Er and Cai'er saw this scene and immediately took out some food. She walked to the two golden lions and handed it to them.

"Roar Roar, don't Kill Us!"

The two Golden Lions looked at Hua er and Cai'er. Their bodies shrunk to only one meter in size!

"Follow us and we won't bully you. No one will dare to bully you in the future. How about it?"

Hua'er took the food and placed it beside them.

"Roar!"

The two Golden Lions looked at Wang Xian in fear. They bent down towards Hua'er and Cai'er to show their submission.

"Wow, you're so obedient. That's great. I'll call you gold and gold coins from now on. Hehe!"

Hua'er said excitedly.

The two golden lions lay there speechless.

"Let's go. We will take all the treasures in the Divine Kingdom!"

Wang Xian walked over and ordered the two Golden Lions.

Now that he had ignited the divine fire, as one of the top divine dragons in the universe, even if the golden lions were not from the water tribe, they were still unable to resist under his pressure.

This was also the reason why the two golden lions were willing to submit to the two little girls.

"Hoho, yes!"

The two Golden Lions spoke to Wang Xian in awe and stood up slowly.

"You two, grow bigger and bring us along!"

Hua'er patted the head of the Golden Lion and spoke to them.

"Hoho!"

The two golden lions nodded and returned to their original size of 10 meters.

They didn't forget to eat the food that Hua'er had given them.

"Roar!"

The two little girls rode on the Golden Lion. They leaped into the air, causing the two little girls to cheer.

A god-level mount was not something that an ordinary God could obtain.

Two hours later, Wang Xian and the rest searched the entire kingdom of God and kept all the valuable items.

"Let's go, gold coins!"

Hua'er Cai'er sat on the Golden Lions and said loudly while stroking their fur excitedly.

"Roar!"

The two lions roared and flew out of the divine kingdom while exuding a powerful aura.

A majestic roar resounded across the entire sky.

When they flew out, there were already millions of people gathered outside the divine kingdom.

Although because of the Dragon King's order, no one dared to enter, they were still waiting. When the Dragon King came out, they could have some soup.

When they saw two divine beasts emitting divine might fly out from inside, they were shocked.

"Oh my God, that's a golden lion, it's a divine beast, a divine beast that ignited the divine fire!"

"Look at them, on top of them are the Dragon King's two daughters. Good heavens, the two divine beasts have become the Dragon King's Daughters'Mounts!"

"Hiss, in just two short hours, the Dragon King and the others have subdued two divine beasts. These are Divine Beasts!"

Shocked voices rang out one after another as everyone stared at this scene with their mouths Agape.

The Dragon King had actually obtained two divine beasts in the ancient land?

This... who wouldn't be tempted?

"Everyone can enter the divine kingdom. There are still some resources inside!"

At this moment, the Dragon King's voice rang out. Everyone looked towards the exit and saw that the Dragon King and the others had also flown out.

"There are still some resources inside. Let's go in. Let's quickly enter!"

"There are some things that the Dragon King doesn't like, but they are treasures to us. Quick, Quick!"

Everyone was shocked that the Dragon King had obtained two divine beast mounts and was frantically rushing into the ancient land!