Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1986: In 1986, the Dragon Palace descended

"Extra, the ancient land has appeared once again. The Dragon King's words have intimidated all the gods. Two hours later, the Dragon King subdued two divine beasts, the Golden Lions, and left!"

"The Dragon King's two daughters rode on two divine beasts, the Golden Lions. It was simply too cool!"

"The Dragon King has obtained two divine beasts that have ignited divine flames in the ancient land. The Dragon King's power has been strengthened once again!"

Less than a day after the ancient land was born, the entire world was once again in an uproar.

In particular, the appearance of the two divine beasts, the golden lions, caused everyone's faces to reveal looks of envy and shock.

These were two divine beasts at the level of gods. They had actually become the Dragon King's daughter's mounts.

Using divine beasts as mounts, what kind of concept was this?

In the entire Earth, no one could be as mighty as the Dragon King.

The news caused a huge shock.

Especially when the gods saw this news, their expressions became even more unsightly.

Two divine beast mounts. If they could enter the divine kingdom, these two divine beasts might be tamed by them.

These were two divine beast mounts!

All the gods felt deep jealousy.

Once, a divine beast-level pet cub could cause two powerful forces to fight over it.

Now, they also wanted to fight over it.

"If the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church really have a way to fight the Dragon King, it's not impossible to join. Sometimes, some risks have to be taken!"

Some gods looked at the information on the Internet with cold eyes.

No one who could become a god was indecisive. They all had their own boldness.

If they were really forced to a certain extent, they would be crazier than anyone else.

Everything was for the sake of becoming stronger!

The current gods were already forced to the edge of a cliff!

If it was the soaring heavens treasured palace and the holy church suppressing the current life, they might choose to endure for a period of time. After all, the two major forces would bring Earth into the boundless star field.

Now that Earth was docked in the void, there was no starry sky map and no hope of improvement. In the situation where there was no way forward, they could only fight to the death!

"Two divine beasts. Back then, we collected more than a dozen divine kingdoms, but we didn't get any treasures like Divine Beasts!"

"At the beginning, only some weak divine kingdoms were unearthed. If there were more divine kingdoms to come, they wouldn't be any worse than the Golden Lion's divine kingdom!"

"Damn Dragon King, if it weren't for them, all the treasures would be ours. When we go back, we will definitely be able to ignite one or two wisps of divine fire!"

At this moment, in the Sacred Hall, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the other gods of the Sacred Hall revealed furious expressions when they heard the news.

All of this originally belonged to them!

Now, they could only hide here.

Furious and unwilling!

"Let's Wait a little longer. Ten days at most, ten days at most!"

Yuan Kui took a deep breath at the side. A terrifying killing intent shot out from his eyes.

"Dragon King!"

In the villa in Jiang City, Ao Jian and Ao Qitian returned not long after Wang Xian and the rest had returned.

"How is it? Have you found a suitable place?"

Wang Xian immediately asked them.

"Dragon King, we have found three places that are more suitable for the Dragon Palace!"

Ao jian nodded. "Currently, the sea-pacifying needles in our Dragon Palace are up to 10,000 meters tall. There are only a dozen or so places in the ocean that are more than 10,000 meters deep!"

"We will choose three good locations from these dozen or so places. We will wait for your final decision, Dragon King!"

"Alright, let's go and take a look!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. With a shift of his body, he teleported towards the depths of the ocean.

The earth had undergone a change. The entire earth had expanded by four to five times. The sea area that was originally thousands of meters deep and thousands of meters deep had also increased by a few times. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The deepest part of the ocean had already reached about 20,000 meters. It could totally house the Underwater Dragon Palace!

"This place is not bad. However, the area is not big enough. We need to modify it at the bottom of the ocean!"

Wang Xian chose one of the three locations.

It was located in the middle of the ocean and there was a rather big island beside it.

"Call Prime Minister GUI over. Ask him to modify the surroundings. After that, we will transfer the Dragon Palace over immediately!"

Wang Xian instructed them once again.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded and took action immediately.

"Daddi, where is the Dragon Palace Now? Is it fun?"

When Wang Xian returned, the two little girls couldn't help but ask curiously.

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the rest were also filled with curiosity.

"You will know when the time comes!"

Wang Xian smiled mysteriously and didn't explain too much to them.

This made the two little girls'faces filled with displeasure. They snorted coldly as they plucked the fur of the gold coins and gold pieces. This made the two golden lions want to cry but have no tears.

Two weeks passed very quickly. When Wang Xian received the news from the members of the Dragon Palace, a smile appeared on his face.

The matter regarding the ocean had been settled. Next, it was time to transfer the Dragon Palace over.

"Xiao ran, announce that the Ocean Dragon Palace has returned. Also, announce that all the gods can become external disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he gave an order to Xiao ran.

"Huh?"

Xiao ran was slightly stunned. He looked at his master in astonishment.

"Yes, Master!"

He didn't ask further and nodded immediately!

"The Dragon Palace will be transferred to Earth. Next, we will destroy the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church. We will find the starry sky map and make Earth move toward the boundless galaxy once again!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling.

Next, he had to make plans for the future.

Apart from destroying the holy church and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, he was also planning to recruit the gods.

Recruiting them was to prepare for Earth to enter the boundless galaxy. There was no harm in having more gods under his command.

However, Wang Xian was not planning to recruit the gods into the Dragon Palace. In the future, he might arrange for these gods to be placed at the Longmen Academy.

To resist foreign aggression, one must first settle down!

Before Earth entered the boundless galaxy, Wang Xian had to ensure that there were no problems within Earth.

"You two girls, don't you want to know what the Dragon Palace looks like? Let's go, I'll bring you to take a look!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he said to Hua Er Cai'er.

"Alright!"

"Let's ride gold coin and the rest!"

The two girls'eyes lit up as they said excitedly.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and flew directly toward the center of the ocean.

"What's That?"

When they arrived at the center of the ocean, 2,000 disciples of the Dragon Defense Division were standing on the surface of the ocean.

They formed a circle within a radius of one thousand kilometers.

They were holding Tridents in their hands, and their bodies were emitting a blue glow. They exuded a powerful dignity!

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister ao Yecha and a group of godly state experts of the Dragon Palace were standing in front of them. When they saw Wang Xian, they bowed respectfully!