Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1987: The Dragon Palace descended in 1987

"Are you all ready?"

Wang Xian looked at the members of the Dragon Palace and said faintly to them.

"Dragon King, everything is ready!"

Prime Minister Gui bowed and said.

"Alright, since that's the case, let the Dragon Palace descend!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he moved and immediately arrived at the center of the Dragon Defense Division. He extended his arm slightly toward the sky!

Behind him, Hua'er Cai'er looked at this scene with a face full of curiosity.

Buzz

Rumble

At this moment, a gigantic object that blotted out the sun appeared out of thin air above Wang Xian.

The vast and majestic Dragon Palace slowly emerged. Nine-colored light enveloped it. When it was revealed in this space, the entire world shook.

It covered an area of more than a thousand kilometers and was no smaller than the Lingxiao treasured palace.

It looked even more majestic than the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The ten-thousand-meter-long ocean-pacifying divine needle stood in the center of the Dragon Palace. The Divine Dragon sat on it, and the words "Ocean-pacifying divine needle"flickered with golden light.

Even if it was a few thousand kilometers, it could still be seen clearly!

"Wow!"

Hua Er and Cai'er were astonished. They raised their heads and looked at the Majestic Dragon Palace!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

At this moment, the members of the Dragon Palace immediately knelt down on one knee and shouted loudly.

Their voices were earth-shattering!

Whoosh

Wang Xian waved his arm gently and arrived directly above the Dragon Palace.

"The Dragon Palace shall be suppressed for an entire lifetime!"

Wang Xian looked down at the Dragon Palace beneath him. He looked down at everything around him and shouted in a deep voice.

A voice spread across the entire earth!

The Dragon Palace shall be suppressed for an entire lifetime!

"This is the voice of the Dragon King! It's the voice of the Dragon King!"

When everyone heard these words, their faces were slightly shocked. They quickly looked towards the ocean.

"What is that? What is that? Oh My God, is that the Dragon Palace?"

"The Dragon King's Dragon Palace? More than ten years ago, the Dragon King's Dragon Palace was located at the bottom of the ocean and shocked the world. Now, the Dragon Palace is even more shocking!"

When everyone saw the enormous dragon palace near the ocean, they were shocked.

At this moment, the gods also looked toward the ocean. When they saw the Majestic Dragon Palace, their pupils constricted again.

"Look on the internet. The Dragon King's disciple, Dean Xiao, has posted a message. He said that the Dragon King is recruiting all the gods. The gods can become external disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

"Hiss, this is a big deal. The Dragon King is openly recruiting underlings, and only godly state underlings!"

"This... The Dragon King is too domineering. He made all the gods become external disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

When everyone was shocked by the Dragon King's voice, someone on the Internet quickly found the message that the dean of the Dragon Gate Academy, Xiao Ran, had just posted.

When they saw the content of the message, they were all shocked.

The Dragon King actually announced that the gods could join the dragon palace and become external disciples of the Dragon Palace. This... Was too domineering.

He made the gods external members of the Dragon Palace?

Perhaps on Earth, only the Dragon King had the strength to say this!

The Dragon King and the Dragon Palace indeed had the qualifications!

"Becoming an external disciple of the Dragon Palace, this dragon king is somewhat insincere!"

The gods quickly received this news, and their expressions became slightly unsightly.

After all, they were also gods who had ignited the divine fire.

"If we don't join the Dragon Palace, Will the Dragon King destroy us?"

Some gods'eyes flickered, and they were extremely gloomy.

There were also some gods who were considering whether or not they should ask the Dragon King for some information.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, something unexpected happened again.

In the middle of the current continent, the earthquake-like situation happened again.

A huge divine kingdom was slowly unearthed.

The ancient land, which covered an area of two to three hundred kilometers, once again shook the entire world.

"Eh?"

On the ocean, Wang Xian was floating above the Dragon Palace. When he sensed the vibration coming from the center of the continent, he was slightly stunned.

Immediately, a smile appeared on his face!

"Is this a congratulation for the arrival of the Dragon Palace?"

He smiled faintly and looked at the leaders of the Dragon Palace!

"A new divine kingdom has appeared at the center of the continent. Bring all the valuable items here!"

Wang Xian said to the leaders of the Dragon Palace.

"Keke, Dragon King, leave it to us. I'll Go!"

Mo Sha and Ba Qi looked in the direction of the continent. Their eyes were sparkling.

"Qitian, xingmu, bring Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and the others with you!"

Prime Minister Gui looked at Ao Qitian and Ao Xingmu and ordered.

"Yes, Prime Minister Gui!"

Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, and the others nodded. Together with Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and the other two members of the mad dragon seed, they immediately flew toward the direction of the continent.

There were six gods in total. Apart from Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and the others, who could only fight against two wisps of divine fire, Ao Qitian and the others could fight against four wisps of divine fire.

This strength was enough to suppress everything!

Perhaps, only Yuan Kui from the Lingxiao treasured palace was slightly stronger than them.

However, the Lingxiao treasured palace did not dare to come and seek death!

Crash

Wang Xian's arm slowly swung downwards. The gigantic dragon palace fell towards the bottom of the sea!

"Daddi, bring us to the Dragon Palace to take a look!"

Hua Er Cai'er's excited voice rang out.

Wang Xian nodded his head.

At the same time, when another divine kingdom was unearthed, the attention of the entire world shifted from the Dragon Palace to the ancient land.

Countless people surged towards the ancient land.

In the previous ancient land, even if the Dragon King was the first to enter and take away the most precious treasures, the things that were left behind still drove them crazy.

Now, they had to rush over quickly. Even if they could get some soup, it would still be good!

The gods were also very unwilling. They quickly flew towards the divine kingdom.

The two gods closest to the entrance saw it and did not hesitate at all. They directly flew inside.

If the Dragon King came again, they might not be able to enter.

"Peng!"

However, just as the two gods were about to enter the divine kingdom, an enormous ocean-pacifying needle landed in front of them, causing their expressions to instantly change!

"Keke, our Dragon Palace has suppressed this world for a lifetime, so all the treasures naturally belong to us. You are not allowed to enter!"

"Otherwise, die!"

Ba Qi's gaze swept past the two gods at the entrance, then arrogantly swept past the surrounding gods. The corners of his lips curled up as he said coldly!

When the two gods saw the ocean-pacifying divine needle in front of them, they looked at the Dragon King's subordinates in the sky, and their expressions were incomparably ugly as they retreated.

"The experts of the Dragon Palace have arrived. Let's prepare to drink soup!"

"Just as the Dragon King said, the Dragon Palace will suppress this world for an entire lifetime. All the treasures will belong to them!"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, they took a deep breath and slowly spoke.

No one had any objection to the Dragon Palace taking over this ancient land again!

"Good, good, this ancient land appeared at the right time. I didn't expect that even God would help us. hahaha!"

However, at this moment, a few figures in a place that was hundreds of thousands of meters away from this ancient land were covered in flames, and their faces were filled with excitement and malevolence!