Chapter 1988: 1988: suppressing the members of the Dragon Palace

"Only six members of the Dragon Palace have arrived. This is the time for us to act. As long as we can easily suppress them, the other gods will naturally know what to do!"

"After the Dragon King occupied the ancient lands of the divine kingdom twice in a row, the other gods have long been dissatisfied. Just now, the Dragon Palace actually announced that the gods can join the Dragon Palace. However, the Dragon King is too arrogant. He actually wants the gods to become external disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon King is too arrogant. He completely doesn't put the gods in his eyes. You have to know that this group of gods may have once ignited seven, eight, or even nine wisps of divine fire. They are so arrogant. How could they join a God faction with the highest six wisps of Divine Fire? Moreover, they are only external members. This is simply an insult to them!"

Among the seven figures shrouded in flames, six of them looked down with hatred in their eyes!

"Hehe, didn't the Dragon King's Dragon Palace descend into the ocean? Why Don't you just let me say it? I'll go and destroy the entire nest of the Dragon King. There's no need to go through so much trouble!"

The fiery-red figure in the middle of the group smirked as he listened to the words of the people around him. A lazy look appeared on his face as he said indifferently.

"We absolutely can not take any risks before we have 100% confidence!"

Yuan Kui looked at the young man beside him and said with a solemn expression.

"Hmph, I have almost ignited seven wisps of divine fire. With the weapons and battle experience in my hands, I can contend against seven wisps of divine fire. Isn't this a 100% confidence?"

The young man looked at Yuan Kui and snorted lightly.

"This time, we can't take the slightest risk. If we fail, we won't have a chance to turn things around!"

"I'll only act when I have a hundred percent confidence. The strength of the subordinates of the Dragon Palace is extraordinary. I'll only be at ease if I can rope in a group of True Dragon Sons of Heaven and gods!"

Yuan Kui's face was gloomy.

"Hehe, with me around, you can rest assured!"

The young man smiled and looked down. "When they come out, I'll make my move and show you my strength!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Yuan Kui and the others looked at him and nodded heavily. They looked down at the divine kingdom and waited quietly.

"I wonder what treasures the Dragon King's subordinates will get this time?"

"This ancient land seems to be bigger than the one ten days ago. There might be more treasures in it!"

"Look at the Internet. Someone took a picture of the Dragon King's Dragon Palace on the Internet. My God, it's as big as the skyscraping treasured palace, and it looks even more majestic!"

"There seem to be a lot of people in the Dragon Palace. Those are all the strength of the Dragon King. With the current power of the Dragon King, he can really be said to be invincible in the world. Even the recruitment of the gods this time is only to make them external members of the Dragon Palace. It's too domineering. Only the Dragon Palace can make the gods external members of the Dragon Palace!"

"The more the ancient lands of the divine kingdom appear, the stronger the forces of the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace will be. It's hard to imagine what other forces can contend with the Dragon Palace!"

"To contend with the Dragon King, one must obtain the inheritance of the eternal God in the Divine Tomb!"

As time passed, more and more people gathered around the ancient lands of the divine kingdom. Soon, there were several million people.

Because of the orders of the eight points, no one dared to enter. Even some gods hid in the surroundings.

The strength of the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace was too strong!

Especially just now, when the Dragon Palace descended into the ocean, its mighty power caused many people to be shocked.

Now, even the gods were shrouded in the light of the Dragon King. They might even become the Dragon King's subordinates!

In the sky, seven figures listened to the discussions coming from below. Their eyes were cold as they waited.

They would make the world tremble again!

Time gradually passed, and more and more people gathered around the divine kingdom.

Everyone was waiting for the members of the Dragon Palace to come out so that they could enter.

Seven to eight hours passed, but the people around did not lose their patience. They were still waiting!

"Hehehe, as expected of the Divine Kingdom of the eight wisps of Divine Fire God. There are so many treasures inside!"

At this moment, the excited voices of the eight-limbed Mo Sha and the others came from the divine kingdom. Six figures slowly appeared at the entrance of the divine kingdom.

"The rest can enter. If they are lucky, they might be able to obtain the method of becoming a god left behind by the god inside. hehehe!"

Mo Sha and the others looked at the millions of people gathered around them. They raised their heads slightly and spoke to them.

"What? The method of becoming a god?"

"Hiss, the method of becoming a god. Could it be the inheritance of the god's cultivation?"

At this moment, when everyone heard Mo Sha's words, their faces revealed an excited expression.

Their eyes were burning as they stared at the divine kingdom.

"Hehe, all of you took away all the treasures and resources. You only left behind some cultivation methods. Your Dragon Palace really deserves to be destroyed!"

Just as everyone was going crazy, a voice suddenly sounded in the sky.

When they heard this voice, the faces of the millions of people around them revealed shocked expressions.

Some of the gods hidden in the surroundings were also slightly shocked and immediately looked towards the sky.

"Which reckless thing dares to challenge the dignity of our Dragon Palace!"

Hearing the words coming from the sky, Ba Qi and the others were stunned and stared at the sky with their blood-red eyes!

"Hahaha, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace will suppress all of you for a Lifetime? Today, I will suppress all of you!"

At this moment, a terrifying flame covered Ba Qi and AO xingmu from the sky.

The flame was like lava.

"Boom!"

In an instant, a pillar of fire rose around the eight-headed demon, sealing them completely.

"Today, I will kill all of you, and then I Will Destroy Your Dragon King!"

An extremely arrogant and arrogant voice continued to come from the sky.

"Oh no!"

"Not good, the opponent is very strong!"

At this moment, when Ao Xingmu and AO qitian sensed the flames around them and the flame lava in the sky, their expressions changed drastically, and a hint of shock appeared in their eyes!

"Break for me!"

Ao Qitian let out a furious roar. The blood-red chains wrapped around the sea-pacifying divine needle and directly attacked the sky!

"Bang!"

However, when the sea-pacifying divine needle fell into the flame lava, it was actually slowly melted. A flame followed the chains and attacked AO qitian.

"The opponent is very strong. Run!"

Ao Xingmu saw this scene and immediately shouted with a shocked expression.

"Run!"

When the eight-headed spirit and Mo Sha saw this scene, their hearts beat even faster. They let out a sharp sound and fled into the distance.

Boom

However, in front of a god who could almost fight against seven wisps of divine fire, they could not escape at all with their strength.

The terrifying flames fell directly on their bodies!