Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1989: 1989 dragon extermination palace operation

"Ah Ah Ah, you guys, in the future, I will pull your tendons and skin you. Just you wait, Ah Ah Ah!"

In front of the ancient land of the divine kingdom, screams of extreme pain could be heard from the area covered by the flames.

"Roar Roar!"

In the center of the flames, the screams of Ao Qitian and the others could be heard.

The millions of people around were completely dumbfounded when they saw this scene.

What was going on?

Suddenly, a voice sounded, followed by flames that directly covered the experts of the Dragon Palace.

The few godly state experts who had followed the Dragon King to destroy the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall screamed in pain.

This...

"Someone actually attacked the Dragon King's subordinates and the members of the Dragon Palace. Who Is It?"

"Oh my God, he killed all the experts of the Dragon Palace with one move. Who is he? Is he a hidden expert of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace of the Sacred Hall?"

The millions of people around looked at the sky in shock.

"Hehe, a bunch of dying things. How dare you shout? I can easily kill all of you!"

The arrogant voice sounded again, and seven figures slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

"It's the people from the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall!"

"Who's that youth in the middle? How can he be so terrifying? Beside that youth is the strongest person from the Lingxiao treasured palace, the Yuan Kui God!"

When the surrounding people saw the figures one by one, shock appeared on their faces.

They widened their eyes and looked up in shock.

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall are going to take revenge, and it's going to be so fierce!"

Some people murmured as they watched this scene in shock!

"Boom!"

At this moment, the young man in the middle of the sky waved his arm, and the flames below suddenly disappeared.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The Flames disappeared, and the corpses fell directly to the ground.

Six corpses, not a single one less!

"Hiss!"

Seeing these corpses, everyone had shocked expressions on their faces.

"I remember that the Devil Monkey and the plant God were also relatively strong among the Dragon King's subordinates!"

"Apart from that crab, the Devil Monkey God and the plant God were the strongest. Now, they were killed in an instant!"

Looking at the corpses on the ground, the bodies of millions of people trembled in shock.

A young God had actually destroyed six powerful subordinates of the Dragon Palace with a wave of his hand.

"The Dragon King dared to destroy our Lingxiao treasured palace and kill the god of our Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Within three days, we will destroy his Dragon Palace and take his head!"

Yuan Kui stared coldly at the six corpses on the ground with a bloodthirsty look on his face.

"It's just a small dragon king. With me, I can easily kill him!"

The young man beside him said indifferently.

As he spoke, he waved his arm, and the interspatial rings on AO Qitian's and the others'bodies were directly put into his bag.

"Let's Go!"

The corners of Yuan Kui's mouth curled up slightly, and he shouted softly.

"Whoosh!"

The group of people directly left, leaving behind a group of more than a million people with shocked faces.

"Whoosh!"

Seeing the powerhouses of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall leave, everyone took a deep breath!

"This... do they really have the strength to fight against the Dragon King?"

Some people murmured and looked at the corpses on the ground in a daze.

Soon, the noise and shaking sound reverberated through the entire sky and soon spread across the entire internet and the entire world.

Looking at the corpses of the six godly state experts of the Dragon Palace on the Internet, everyone widened their eyes in shock.

The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church still had their trump cards. Perhaps, they could really fight against the Dragon King!

This was the thought in everyone's mind!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was strolling around the Dragon Palace with the two girls, had already sensed it the moment AO qitian, Ao Xingmu, and the rest died.

His expression changed slightly.

"Ao he!"

Wang Xian shouted with a solemn face and immediately shouted. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Dragon King!"

Ao he, who was dressed in black armor, flew over and bowed slightly.

"HMM? What Happened?"

Hua'er Cai'er looked at Wang Xian, whose expression had changed. She asked curiously.

"Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, and the rest have fallen. Bring the soul-returning wood with you. Let's see if they have fallen in the divine kingdom or if it was someone else who did it!"

Wang Xian gave an order to Ao he.

"Ao Qitian and the rest are dead?"

A hint of blood flashed across Ao he's eyes. He nodded immediately. "It's the Dragon King. I'll head over immediately!"

Buzz

After he finished speaking, his figure disappeared instantly.

"Ao Qitian, Uncle Ao Xingmu, and the rest have fallen?"

Hua'er Cai'er also looked at Wang Xian with an awe-inspiring expression.

"Yes. With their current strength, they can fight against a god with four wisps of divine fire. They shouldn't have fallen in the divine kingdom. Someone might have made a move!"

Wang Xian's eyes were flashing with a cold glint.

To dare to kill the god of the Dragon Palace and be able to kill Ao Qitian and the other three, it was definitely not simple.

An ordinary God could not do it at all. At the very least, he could light up five wisps of divine fire and above.

"Who is courting death? HMPH!"

Hua Er Cai'er revealed an angry expression when she heard Wang Xian's words.

"It's alright. We will know the news soon!"

Wang Xian's eyes were gleaming coldly. He wanted to see who was the one who made the move!

"We will deal with the top-notch experts under the Dragon King. The rest will be left to you. You have seen our strength. This is your last chance!"

However, at this moment, the black-robed figure appeared once again at the location of the True Dragon Union. He spoke to the four true dragon sons of heaven in front of him calmly.

"If you have the strength to destroy the Dragon King, why did you call for us?"

A young man looked at the black figure in front of him indifferently and knocked on the table lightly.

"This is the last chance for the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace and the sacred hall. Even if we are confident, we still have to make sure that there are no mistakes!"

"Joining us is the best choice for all of you. I don't think that all of you want to become external members of the Dragon Palace, Hehe!"

Black Robe's mocking voice sounded!

The four from the sacred true dragon gathering looked at each other with shining eyes.

"We will give you an answer tomorrow!"

The four True Dragon Sons of Heaven said lightly.

"We welcome all of you to the Sacred Hall Tomorrow!"

A smile appeared on the black robed middle-aged man's face and disappeared instantly.

"This is an opportunity for us!"

Watching the black-robed middle-aged man leave, a young man looked at the other three.

"The conditions given by the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall are not bad. They can't let us become external members of the Dragon Palace. This Dragon King is really laughable!"

A young man said coldly.

"It is indeed laughable. As the son of Heaven of a true dragon who did not ignite the divine fire, he still wants us to bow down to him. He is extremely stupid!"

Another youth said coldly.

The four of them conversed and had already made a decision in their hearts.

Soon, in less than five hours, the gods received invitations from the Saint Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace again!

This time, when they saw that they could easily kill the experts under the Dragon King, the gods began to move!