Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1990: In 1990, the gods United

"Dragon King, I have received news that it was the powerhouses from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church who destroyed Ao Qitian and the rest!"

"Furthermore, they once declared that they would destroy our dragon palace within three days. Dragon King, do you want me to go to the Holy Church and destroy them immediately?"

As night fell, Ao crab returned from the Dragon Palace in the depths of the ocean to report!

"Is it the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church? Was It Yuan Kui who did it?"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne in front of the Dragon King Palace and looked down as he asked.

Below, the subordinates of the Dragon Palace and the godly state experts were standing respectfully below.

"No, it was a young God. At that time, that young man killed ao Qitian's leaders with just one move. That young God should be more powerful than Yuan Kui!"

"According to my guess, the other party must have ignited at least six wisps of divine fire or even more!"

AO he reported with a cold expression.

"Dragon King, as long as you give the order, we will head to the Sacred Hall immediately and destroy them completely!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately requested!

"Since they are courting death, we will fulfill their wish!"

Wang Xian's eyes were flashing with a cold glint.

He had initially thought that after the arrival of the Dragon Palace, they would be completely exterminated. However, he did not expect that the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church would have such strong people.

Since that was the case, he would not spare any of them!

Wang Xian stood up slowly and swept his gaze across the subordinates of the Dragon Palace.

After killing more than 20 strong people from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church, and obtaining a bunch of fruits after the upgrade of the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace had an additional 10 wild dragon species.

Apart from that, Duan Jinming and the former clan leader of the Fire Hammer clan had also ignited the divine fire.

After ao crab had become the devouring dragon, his entire body had undergone a huge change. At the same time, he had awakened the darkness attribute.

After devouring more than a dozen divine kingdoms, he had already ignited six wisps of divine fire

With ao crab's current strength, he could definitely fight two levels above Wang Xian. His strength was still much stronger than Wang Xian.

Regardless of whether it was the god with six wisps of divine fire or the god with seven wisps of divine fire, they were all going to die this time!

"Master, Xiao ran is here to pay his respects!"

At this moment, Xiao Ran's voice suddenly came from outside.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at the sky and gestured to Prime Minister Gui!

Prime Minister GUI nodded and immediately flew out to bring Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and another young man over.

"Damn, is this the Dragon Palace? It's too domineering!"

The young man following Xiao ran looked around in shock.

When he entered the Dragon King Palace, his heart trembled slightly.

He looked at the Dragon King on the huge dragon throne and the ancestral tree behind the Dragon Throne!

He then looked at the people in the Dragon King Palace.

When he felt the terrifying pressure from ao crab, Ao Yao, and Ao Jian, his face changed slightly.

Cold sweat appeared on his forehead. At the same time, he suddenly felt extremely fortunate.

"Fortunately, I made a wise choice. The Dragon King's subordinates are far more than what they appear on the surface!"

"F * ck, the last time when the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church were destroyed, the Dragon King seemed to have said that all the powerful figures of the Dragon Palace were here!"

"Now it seems that at most half of them went last time. Dragon King, you're really too shameless!"

He kept complaining in his heart, but he forced a smile on his face. He kept nodding at Prime Minister ao crab turtle and the others in a flattering manner.

"Master!"

Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei looked around and were equally shocked. They bowed to Wang Xian.

"Xiao ran, what's the matter?"

Wang Xian looked at them in puzzlement.

"Master, this is the god of the divine peak of the Hua Shan Celestial race. He told me some news about the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church just now. I will inform master immediately!"

Xiao ran pointed at the young man beside him and said to Wang Xian.

"Hello, Dragon King!"

Shen Feng bowed to Wang Xian with a smile on his face.

"It's you. What's the matter?"

Wang Xian was naturally very familiar with the young man below and asked indifferently.

"This Dragon King!"

Shen feng smiled and said, "Recently, some powerhouses from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church have come to look for me. They want me to join them to deal with you, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

"Of course, I, shenfeng, will not join them, so I rejected them decisively!"

"Just now, they invited me again and said that many gods have joined them and are ready to destroy you, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, in three days!"

"At that time, I said that I would think about it. Now, I came to report to you immediately. Hehe, speaking of which, I, Shenfeng, have never admired anyone in my life except you, Dragon King!"

"You have a heroic figure. To be able to reach this stage on this lawless earth, I, the Divine Peak, am practically prostrating myself!"

"All this while, I, the Divine Peak, have wanted to follow you, Dragon King. Unfortunately, I didn't have the chance..."

As he talked about the information one by one, he started to spout non-stop.

What did he mean by 'I look up to you like a torrential river'.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian interrupted this fellow's series of flattery and shook his head speechlessly.

"Hehe!"

When Shen Feng heard his words, he smiled and shut his mouth.

Wang Xian slowly closed his eyes and sensed the information of the true dragon's son of Heaven One by one!

"Looks like they are all courting death!"

As Wang Xian sensed the information one by one, a cold expression appeared on his face.

He didn't feel the messages of the true dragon's son of heaven all the time.

Nine of the True Dragon's son of heaven and one of the True Dragon's son of heaven were killed by Wang Xian. There were still eight of them left.

Among them, when Wang Xian ignited the divine fire on the transcendence continent, the demonic dragon's son of heaven and the Earth's son of heaven charged into the vast starry sky.

At that time, Wang Xian couldn't sense them because they were too far away. Therefore, he couldn't stop them from leaving.

When he returned to Earth, the two of them were already in the vast starry sky.

For this reason, Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and didn't call them back. It could be considered as leaving a seed behind. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

There were also six true dragon's sons of Heaven. They were all on Earth and had already accepted the invitation from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church.

"It shouldn't be just the six true dragon's sons of heaven who joined the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church. The other nearly ten gods should have joined too!"

"I originally wanted to subdue them. This is good too. I'll turn them all into resources!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. His eyes revealed a sinister look!

"We'll wait here for them to attack us. It just so happens that everything that needs to be cleaned up has been cleaned up!"

Wang Xian sat down slowly.

He still didn't know how many gods had joined the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church. If he were to go over, he would instead alert the enemy.

Since that was the case, they would just treat it as them coming!

Destroy the Dragon Palace within three days?

He was waiting for them here!

At the lower position, Shen Feng could not help but shiver when he saw the expression on Wang Xian's face!

"What bad idea does this Dragon King have?"

"He is really bad!"