Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1991: World 1991 focused on the first wave of attacks

"What's going on? It's been more than ten hours, and there's still no movement from the Dragon King? Could it be that he's afraid of that powerhouse?"

"When the Dragon King led a group of powerhouses to attack the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall, he said that this was all of his strength. And today, all the powerhouses killed by the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall are top-notch powerhouses under the Dragon King!"

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall dare to take revenge on the Dragon King at this time. They dare to say that they want to kill the Dragon King within three days. They definitely have the confidence. Even the Dragon King might be afraid of them!"

"Six gods were killed in an instant, and all of them are the elites under the Dragon King. This time, the Dragon King might really be doomed!"

"After all, they are the gods that descended back then. They still have many incredible trump cards!"

It had been more than ten hours since AO qitian and the others were killed, and the entire internet was in an uproar.

Even in the middle of the night, there were still hundreds of millions of people discussing the Dragon King and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's Sacred Hall!

The Dragon King did not make any sound for more than ten hours after the powerful experts of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's sacred hall were killed, which made many people think that the Dragon King might be afraid of the other party's strength.

It made sense. The other party had killed six top-tier gods of the Dragon Palace in one move.

The only one who could fight against that terrifying young God was probably the Dragon King's crab subordinate.

However, it was still unknown whether that Crab God was a match for that young God.

The Dragon Palace was completely silent. There was no movement at all, which made many people guess all kinds of possibilities.

"Lord Luke Owen, Lord Yuan Kui, Lord Scarlet Sun, a God has arrived!"

The night passed quickly. The sun rose and shone on the holy church.

The entire holy church was emitting a bright divine light. Inside the Holy Church, a middle-aged man respectfully entered and reported.

"Invite that person in!"

Luke Owen heard his subordinate's report, and the corners of his mouth slightly curled up as he said to him.

"Yes, Sir!"

The middle-aged man nodded.

Very quickly, a middle-aged man slowly walked in. The middle-aged man carried a large golden saber on his back, and his entire person gave off a terrifying aura.

"Welcome this brother to join our holy church and the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace!"

Yuan Kui and the others stood up with smiles on their faces as they spoke to the middle-aged man!

"Remember your conditions!"

The middle-aged man looked at them and said indifferently.

"Don't worry. We can swear a blood oath and make a contract. Even the Lords of our boundless star field can guarantee it!"

Yuan Kui nodded at the middle-aged man.

"Please sit down, brother. We'll wait for the others!"

Luke Owen had a trace of a smile on his face as he gestured to the middle-aged man.

"Alright, Dragon King, damn it!"

The middle-aged man nodded and coldly said a few words before sitting down at the side.

Soon, in less than half an hour, more gods arrived.

In the next five hours, more and more gods arrived one after another. Even the son of Heaven of the true dragon arrived!

"Sorry, we're Late!"

Near noon, a figure walked in.

Seeing the four of them enter, everyone in the Sacred Hall looked at them.

"Haha, Welcome The Four True Dragon Sons of Heaven from the Sacred True Dragon Gathering. With you here, it'll be easy for us to kill the Dragon King this time!"

Yuan Kui saw them walk over and a smile appeared in his eyes.

Almost all the gods had come!

As for the one or two that were missing, they didn't care if they came or not!

"Hehe, it's easy to kill the Dragon King. I can kill him in ten moves. However, I still have to hand over the crab under the Dragon King to You!"

The four True Dragon Sons of Heaven swept their eyes over everyone in the room.

Apart from the four of them, there were seven gods from the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall, and ten of them had joined in.

Altogether, there were twenty-one gods. Compared to the previous powers of the Sacred Hall and the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, it was slightly less.

However, when their gazes landed on the youth who was playing with the fire god Pearl in the middle, they felt confident!

To be able to kill six top-tier gods of the Dragon King in one move, his strength was enough to resist or even kill the crab.

Apart from him, there was also Yuan Kui. Top-tier strength was enough.

Not to mention, including the four True Dragon Sons of Heaven, there were a total of six True Dragon Sons of Heaven!

"First of all, I'd like to welcome all of you to join our Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall. Congratulations on making the right choice!"

"I can say this. Even without you, with my strength, I can still destroy the Dragon King!"

Seeing everyone arrive, Chi Yang slowly stood up. At the same time, a terrifying pressure enveloped the entire room.

"This is?"

At this moment, when all the gods felt Chi Yang's pressure, their expressions changed.

"Six wisps of divine fire, no, it's higher than six wisps of Divine Fire!"

The middle-aged man with the Golden Saber on his back narrowed his eyes as he stared at Chi Yang in shock!

"With your strength, you should be able to fight against a god with seven wisps of divine fire, right?"

A true dragon son of Heaven felt his strength and revealed a solemn expression.

This strength was indeed terrifying!

Some of the people present who did not lose their strength were only so-so.

"The Dragon King's strongest subordinate is that crab creature. We have fought with it before. The Scarlet Sun God can fight against ordinary six wisps of Divine Fire!"

Yuan Kui's lips curled up slightly when he saw everyone's shocked expression as he said indifferently.

"I have the confidence to kill that ugly beast in five minutes at most!"

Scarlet Sun said with confidence.

"Hehe, we believe in the strength of the Scarlet Sun God. The Dragon King has a total of twenty-eight godly state experts. Even if we add in the two golden lions that he has just subdued, there are only thirty of them!"

"Yesterday, we killed six of them. There are still twenty-four of them. In the five minutes that the scarlet sun god fought against the crab, we shouldn't have any problems fighting against the Dragon King and his group, right?"

Luke Owen's gaze swept across everyone around him as he said!

"I really didn't expect to gather six True Dragon Sons of Heaven today. After you killed the six subordinates of the Dragon King Yesterday, I think that just the six of us will be able to suppress the rest of the Dragon King's subordinates. Hehe!"

A true dragon son of heaven indifferently swept his gaze over the four True Dragon Association members and the other true dragon son of heaven, revealing a strong expression of confidence.

"This Dragon King is very annoying. He actually stupidly tried to recruit us as external members of the Dragon Palace. How Pitiful, how laughable!"

A true dragon son of heaven from the Sacred True Dragon gathering smiled!

"When Do We Act? Let's Make a deal first. All the resources in the Dragon Palace belong to us!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A God took out a long sword and lightly wiped it as he asked indifferently.

"Do it now. Don't worry, everyone. We only want the divine kingdom on this planet. The treasures in the Dragon Palace belong to you!"

The Gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall stood up one by one, their eyes flashing with cold killing intent!

"Haha, then Let's Go kill that arrogant Dragon King!"