Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1992: World 1992 focused the first wave of attacks

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Twenty-one figures in the Sacred Hall released terrifying auras as they floated in the air.

With a youth dressed in a fiery red robe as the leader, Yuan Kui and the other True Dragon Sons of heaven followed by his side.

They all looked towards the direction of the ocean.

"Let's go, this time we'll let the entire world know the power and majesty of our Soaring Sky Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall!"

Yuan Kui's lips curled up slightly, and a cold expression appeared on his face!

"This time, I'm going to rip off the Dragon King's dragon tendon. I'm going to use his body to make a throne to take revenge!"

The faces of the several gods of the Sacred Hall and the Lingxiao treasured palace were filled with malevolence.

Buzz! Buzz

The twenty-one gods moved and immediately flew toward the ocean.

In less than five minutes, the twenty-one gods arrived about 100,000 meters in front of the Dragon Palace. They stared ahead with murderous intent.

"What a huge dragon palace, it actually gives off such power!"

Yuan Kui and the other gods looked through the ocean and stared at the huge and towering dragon palace at the bottom of the ocean. A hint of surprise appeared on their faces.

"This Dragon King must have obtained a powerful inheritance. Otherwise, it would be impossible for a small earthling to reach this stage in just a dozen years. Now, I even wonder if this dragon king has obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord!"

A true dragon son of heaven stared at the Dragon Palace below, his eyes shining.

"It's really possible. However, he has obtained the inheritance of the eternal god Lord and hasn't lit the divine fire yet. This is a bit of trash!"

"It shouldn't be the inheritance of the eternal God Lord. If he obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord, he would be even more powerful. An eternal god Lord can shock an entire region!"

Several figures were talking.

"Alright, who cares what inheritance he obtained. I'll go and destroy them now!"

Chi Yang stared at the Dragon Palace and said confidently.

"Wait, everyone, don't worry. You Don't need to attack in the first round!"

Yuan Kui waved at Chi Yang and said indifferently.

"Eh? The first round?"

The gods looked at Yuan Kui in surprise, and even Chi Yang looked at him in puzzlement.

"Hehe, everyone, just wait and see. Since the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall have decided to kill the Dragon King today, we must be 100% sure that we will unleash all of our strength and trump cards!"

A hint of madness flashed in Yuan Kui's eyes.

As he spoke, he slowly took a few steps forward.

"Dragon King, Destroy My Lingxiao Treasured Palace and kill the god of My Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Today will be the day of your death. Next year, today will be the day of your death!"

Yuan Kui stared in the direction of the Dragon Palace and let out an angry roar.

This angry roar resounded throughout the entire earth. His voice could be heard from every corner of the Earth.

At this moment, it was as if the entire world had fallen silent.

"Whoosh!"

Immediately after, the world went into an uproar.

"What's going on? Did the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall seek revenge on the Dragon King?"

"So Fast? They destroyed six godly state experts of the Dragon Palace yesterday, and now they're going to cover the entire Dragon Palace. The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall are so confident!"

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace just landed on the ocean yesterday, and now the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall are fighting!"

Everyone was shocked when they heard this voice.

Especially in the cities close to the ocean, the experts immediately flew to the seaside.

Some of them were bold enough to fly into the ocean.

They wanted to watch this vast battle.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

However, at this moment, everyone in the seaside city suddenly heard a whistling sound.

The sound was somewhat similar to a rocket launch.

"Oh my God, look at the sky, that's... That's..." Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Suddenly, an extremely shocking sound came from below. An old man looked at the sky with a face full of shock.

"Bomb weapons, it's a bomb weapon, and it's even a nuclear weapon that has been modified by a special energy. Hiss!"

"Back when the gods descended, all the bomb weapons were taken away by them. It's said that someone has added the modification of nuclear weapons, which can make the power of the bomb weapons even more terrifying!"

"How many weapons are these? If these weapons were to be thrown on Earth, they could destroy the entire earth!"

At the seaside, everyone raised their heads and looked at this scene in shock.

Terrifying weapons flew through the sky. There were at least 1,000 of them heading towards the Ocean Dragon Palace.

Weapons washing the earth!

Shocking! Shocking!

"This... someone once said that as the most powerful weapon on Earth, its attack power is comparable to that of a god. Even if it's only comparable to the attack of a wisp of divine fire god, these thousands of weapons..."

Some people murmured.

No one had expected that the Ling Xiao treasured palace would have such a terrifying weapon.

"Eh? This Is? The most powerful weapon on Earth?"

At this moment, the gods around 100,000 meters away from the Dragon Palace were also surprised when they saw Tan Wu flying toward them!

"That's right. After being modified with demigod-level metal materials, it's even more powerful!"

Tan Wu whistled in the sky while Yuan Kui watched this scene with a smile on his face.

"Although this planet is very weak, it has invented a weapon that's quite powerful. It can be used as the first wave of attack against the Dragon Palace!"

He continued to speak as he looked indifferently at the bullets that were about to land on the Dragon Palace!

"It's about to begin!"

Suddenly, his voice was filled with excitement and excitement as a lightning shield appeared in front of him to block the bullets.

The first wave of attacks was the Bullets!

The hearts of the surrounding gods trembled as they stared intently at the bullets.

More than 1,000 bullets were about to land on the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King, the people from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church are here. I didn't expect them to have so many bullets. The power of the bullets is comparable to the attack of a wisp of divine fire god. The power of thousands of bullets attacking at the same time is not small either!"

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace, when all the gods from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church arrived, the Scouts of the Dragon Palace had already discovered them.

However, to the surprise of Wang Xian and Prime Minister Gui, the first round of attack from the other party was actually the Dan Wu.

Thousands of Dan Wu were raining down on them. Without dodging, a divine kingdom could be directly destroyed!

"They really used all their strength!"

Wang Xian looked at the Dan Wu that was raining down on them from above. A cold expression appeared on his face.

"Dragon King, with the defense of the Dragon Palace, these bullets won't be able to touch us at all!"

Prime Minister Gui raised his head and looked at them indifferently.

"I know. However, since the upgrade of the Dragon Palace, I haven't tested the offensive power of these bullets. Let's test them out!"

A faint smile appeared on Wang Xian's face.

A level-6 dragon palace could withstand attacks below the level of eternal lord. Similarly, a level-6 dragon palace also had offensive means.

Although the attack could not be compared to the defense, Wang Xian wanted to take a look!

"Dragon Palace, Attack!"

He shouted softly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, dragon roars sounded from within the Dragon Palace!