Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1993: 1993 doomsday of the gods

"Dragon Palace, Attack!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

With a thought from Wang Xian, the attack formation of the Dragon Palace was activated instantly.

Earth-shattering dragon roars came from the dragon palace at the bottom of the sea and charged upwards.

Nine Dragon Shadows formed by attributes charged out of the Dragon Palace instantly and out of the sea!

"Dan Wu is about to land on the Dragon Palace!"

"There are thousands of them! There are thousands of them! What would happen if all of them exploded?"

At this moment, some of the experts who had rushed over were shocked when they saw the bullets flying toward the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace was going to be destroyed?

Some thoughts rose in his mind!

Yuan Kui and the other gods were watching this scene from a distance of 100,000 meters away with smiles on their faces.

However, when the majestic roars of dragons came from the bottom of the sea, the faces of the gods from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the sacred hall, and the others turned solemn.

"Huala!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Nine enormous divine dragons rushed out of the sea and roared at the bullet weapons one after another.

Nine divine dragons, nine different colors. Each divine dragon exuded a terrifying majesty.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the Dan Wu in the Sky exploded under the impact of the Nine Divine Dragons.

Mushroom clouds surged upwards, rolling upwards.

The entire world shook.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, the bodies of the divine dragons emitted a radiance of various attributes.

The radiance completely blocked the aftershocks of the explosion.

One after another, the divine dragons suddenly opened their huge mouths and devoured the exploding clouds.

This scene caused everyone's faces to be filled with shock.

The Divine Dragons formed from the nine attributes were at the center of the explosion. Not only were they not shattered, but they were also rolling in the mushroom clouds.

The Divine Dragons opened their mouths and quickly devoured the harmful substances in the exploding clouds.

At this moment, the experts who had taken the risk to come here to watch were completely dumbfounded!

The nine dragons wreaked havoc at the center of the explosion, covering thousands of kilometers of the explosion. Instead, it seemed to have become a playground for the nine dragons!

"This... This is an array formation. The nine dragons were formed by an array formation. I didn't expect that the Dragon King would have such an array formation!"

"It's indeed not simple. It seems that the Dragon King is the legendary son of Heaven of the first true dragon. Furthermore, the Dragon King obtained many more treasures than the other son of Heaven of the other true dragons!"

At this moment, the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace in the sky were shocked when they saw this scene.

They stared at the nine divine dragons formed by the array formation with solemn expressions!

Things had gone beyond their expectations!

"This formation is very strong, but that's all it is!"

Chi Yang felt the power of the nine divine dragons and a cold glint appeared in his eyes. He slowly flew forward.

When the gods saw him flying forward, they immediately followed closely behind him.

Buzz

"So many people are seeking death. Following the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church won't End Well!"

At this moment, at the bottom of the sea, Wang Xian led a group of disciples of the Dragon Palace and slowly surfaced from the water.

Wang Xian, who was wearing a crown and sitting on the dragon throne, stared coldly at the 21 gods in front of him.

Behind him, more than 10,000 disciples of the Dragon Palace stood at the back with weapons in their hands. Their eyes were filled with killing intent as they stared at them!

"Huh? Dragon King!"

When he saw the Dragon King and the rest taking the initiative to come out, Yuan Kui's eyes were filled with killing intent.

They looked at the Majestic Dragon King who was sitting on the dragon throne and scanned the members of the Dragon Palace behind Wang Xian!

"I really want to know what inheritance your Dragon King has obtained. He actually has so many powerful subordinates!"

Chi Yang's gaze swept across the tens of thousands of members of the Dragon Palace. His face was also filled with astonishment.

The strength of an ordinary high-level demigod was not something that an ordinary demigod could compare with.

"It seems like I can't Let You Live!"

Chi Yang said coldly.

If the Dragon King was given a few more years, the strength of the Dragon Palace would be even stronger.

"Hehe, you can't Let Me Live?"

Wang Xian's gaze landed on Chi Yang who was in the middle. A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes!

"Dragon King, how dare you kill Ao Qitian, Ao Xingmu, and the rest. Let me kill him!"

Ao crab looked at Chi Yang, his eyes full of killing intent. Bone spikes extended from his arms.

"You are that crab. TSK, TSK, I will kill you within five minutes today!"

"Dragon Palace, prepare to die, hahaha!"

Boom

A carefree laughter came out of Chi Yang's mouth, and a terrifying flame rose.

In an instant, the seawater below him evaporated instantly. The seawater below him was about a hundred meters lower than the other locations.

His imposing manner was completely locked onto ao crab. His face was filled with a smile.

It was as if he didn't put ao crab in his eyes at all.

He was very clear about ao crab's strength. It was also because he was clear that he had strong confidence.

"Ao crab, kill him!"

Wang Xian ordered ao crab indifferently.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao crab stared at Chi Yang, who was emitting flames all over his body. There was a hint of disdain in his eyes.

"Hahaha, five minutes. All of you only need to hold on for five minutes. After five minutes, I will kill this fellow. Then, I will come and destroy the Dragon King and the rest!"

Chi Yang's body moved, and he flew directly hundreds of thousands of meters into the air.

Boom Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He waved his arm, and a terrifying spear attacked ao crab.

"Dragon King, give me one minute!"

Ao crab stared at Chi Yang, who was extremely arrogant and did not put him in his eyes, and a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes.

His body flickered.

Boom

The Flaming Spear instantly collapsed!

"Crash!"

Ao crab's waist shook, and a huge wing appeared on his back!

"Stupid Thing!"

He roared at Chi Yang coldly.

"Hahaha, you are the stupid one. Today, I will let all of you witness my full strength!"

Chi Yang roared with excitement.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The entire sky was instantly covered by flames, completely forming a fire domain.

In the fire domain, the fire giants stared at Ao chi coldly as if they were alive!

"Hehe, Dragon King, I wonder if you have any more subordinates who can fight with me!"

Yuan Kui saw that Chi Yang was restraining the strongest subordinate of the Dragon King. He stared at Wang Xian coldly and said with a smile.

"Don't be so arrogant!"

Ao Qi slowly took a few steps forward. Around him, the nine members who had upgraded to the berserk dragon seed followed behind him.

After Ao Qi killed the gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall, he transformed into a berserk dragon with his divine spark.

Unlike ao Qitian's body, Ao Qi's blood-red armor covered his entire body. He had a blood-red hammer in one hand and a blood-red spear in the other!

At his waist, a blood-red chain wrapped around him.

Similar to AO qitian, there was an eye between his brows. The blood-red Gouyu was in the middle of his pupils!

Ten Mad Dragons locked their cold eyes on Yuan Kui!