Chapter 1994: In the 1994 Apocalypse of the gods

"Haha, Dragon King, your ten subordinates have locked onto me. Alright, Alright. Today, let me experience the strength of your ten subordinates!"

Yuan Kui saw Ao qi and the others exuding a powerful aura, and his face revealed an excited expression.

Even if the sudden appearance of these ten powerful creatures was beyond his expectations, he could clearly sense that the other party's strength was definitely inferior to his.

This meant that the Dragon King only had that crab as a trump card!

"Seal!"

Ao Qi's entire body emitted an incomparably violent aura that belonged to the berserk dragon species. His body shook, and blood-red chains directly attacked Yuan Kui.

"Hahaha, come and fight. Today, I will take your heads one by one!"

Yuan Kui's figure moved, and he directly flew into the sky, his body covered in dense lightning!

"TSK TSK tsk, Dragon King, as the first person to obtain a dragon soul, you are known as the head of the true dragon. Now, I want to experience it!"

"I don't know if you have condensed a divine dragon body. Roar Roar Roar. Come Dragon King, let me give you some pointers!"

A young man from the true dragon gathering glanced at Yuan Kui, Chi Yang, and the others. His body moved and he stepped forward.

At the same time, he raised his head and roared as his body underwent a huge change.

"Roar Roar!"

A Golden Dragon that was three to four thousand meters in size appeared in front of everyone!

Golden Scales and a majestic dragon head stared at the Dragon King!

"Haha, the Head of a true dragon? Then let the rest of us meet the so-called head of a true dragon today!"

Behind them, the members of the Sacred True Dragon Gathering also moved.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Heaven-shaking sounds sounded as three terrifying divine dragons floated in the sky.

"Jie Jie, the six of us are enough to kill the Dragon King and the others!"

Behind them, the other two son of Heaven looked at each other and moved.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar!"

Another two dragon roars shook the sky as six divine dragons that were two to three thousand meters long appeared in the sky above the ocean.

"Hiss, maybe we don't even need to do anything!"

"Six True Dragon Sons of Heaven are so powerful and terrifying!"

Behind them, the last thirteen gods looked at the terrifying divine dragons with shock on their faces.

They felt that they didn't need to do anything in this battle!

"Lord Chiyang, Lord Yuan Kui, and the Six True Dragon Sons of Heaven are enough to destroy the Dragon Palace!"

A God from the Lingxiao treasured palace looked excited when he saw this scene.

He raised his head slightly and looked at this scene proudly.

"This... This is the true dragon son of Heaven? The Dragon King is already strong enough. I didn't expect that the true dragon son of Heaven Isn't weak at all!"

"The Dragon King and his group of top-tier godly state experts are completely restrained. How are they going to fight against the Six True Dragon's son of Heaven Now? This is going to be troublesome!"

Some of the experts who were more than a hundred kilometers away were observing the situation here through formations and weapons. When they saw this scene, they took a deep breath.

They felt that after the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace and the Saint Hall recruited a group of True Dragon's son of heaven this time, their strength was even stronger than when they were at their peak!

"Dragon King, come and face your death!"

The group of True Dragon Sons of heaven hovered in the sky and turned the seas upside down. Their dragon eyes were filled with mockery as they stared at Wang Xian who was sitting on the Dragon Throne!

Among the Six True Dragon Sons of Heaven, three of them had already ignited two wisps of divine fire. Even if they had not learned the divine dragon transformation, they could still fight two levels higher.

This was the strength of the Divine Dragon Body!

This was also one of the reasons why they dared to provoke and even mock the Dragon King.

This was because, in their opinion, the Dragon King had not ignited the divine fire yet. Without a group of subordinates, they could easily kill him.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The six divine dragons raised their heads together and let out a deafening dragon roar.

The dragon roar was filled with dignity and dominance.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at them with a faint smile on his face.

He slowly stood up from the Dragon Chair and stared at the six divine dragons who were staring at him with disdain.

"Since you guys are looking for death, I shall grant your wish!"

As he spoke, his mind moved.

"We are looking for death, Haha... I..."

When one of the true dragon's son of heaven heard Wang Xian's words, a smile of proof appeared on his face. He opened his mouth and a wave of terrifying dragon breath was condensing.

However, his actions came to an abrupt halt.

The other five figures who were swaying their bodies in the sky suddenly froze.

"Roar, Roar, Roar! No, no, what's going on? What's going on? Get out of Here!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

All of a sudden, one of the true dragon's son of Heaven's dragon body was swaying and rolling in the sky. He seemed to have encountered great fear as he roared in horror.

"Roar Roar, who are you? Get Out of my body and get lost!"

The other two true dragon's son of heaven who had ignited two wisps of divine fire also had a look of horror in their eyes as they roared ferociously.

As for the other three true dragon's son of heaven, their bodies were floating in the sky without making any sound.

"They're just a bunch of Chess Pieces!"

Wang Xian looked at the six true dragon's son of heaven and said indifferently.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, the six divine dragons suddenly raised their heads and let out a roar toward the sky.

Buzz

At this moment, the dragon bodies of the six divine dragons trembled violently. They turned around and looked coldly at the dozen or so gods behind them.

"What's the situation?"

When the dozen or so gods saw the six true dragon sons of Heaven suddenly roaring in fear and when they saw them suddenly turning around and staring at them with murderous intent, the gods behind them were completely dumbfounded?

What was going on?

With the current strength of Lord Scarlet Sun, Lord Yuan Kui, and the Six True Dragon Sons of heaven, they might not even need to make a move in this battle.

What was going on now? Why were the Six True Dragon Sons of heaven staring at them like that.

"Kill them!"

Right at this moment, they heard the Dragon King's voice.

"Kill!"

Immediately after, more than a dozen experts with divine might flew out from behind the Dragon King and directly attacked them!

"True Dragon Son of heaven, what are you doing? Kill the Dragon King and the others!"

A God from the Sacred Hall saw the Dragon King's subordinates attacking and immediately shouted at the six true dragon son of heaven.

"Roar!"

However, at this moment, the six divine dragons roared and attacked them.

At this moment, the gods were completely stunned!

What exactly happened!

"Bang!"

"You, a God who has only ignited six wisps of divine fire, dare to say that you can kill me within five minutes?"

Suddenly, the sound of a heavy collision could be heard from above.

An Ao crab with Savage wings on its back and an arm filled with sharp thorns stabbed into the scarlet sun god's chest and dove down.

"No, how is this possible!"

The Scarlet Sun God felt the pain on his body and stared at the Ao crab with a blank expression.

The ten or so gods behind him also widened their eyes when they saw this scene!

Didn't they say that they would kill the crab in five minutes? Why was it only ten or so seconds...