Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1995: 1995, the end of all gods

"What... What is going on?"

All the gods looked at this scene in astonishment.

The Six True Dragon Sons of heaven who suddenly attacked them.

The Scarlet Sun God whose body was suddenly pierced by the sharp spikes of the Dragon King's subordinates!

Especially the Scarlet Sun God. Didn't he just say that he would kill the Dragon King's crab subordinate in five minutes?

It had only been ten seconds, but he had already been attacked and injured. This...

"Run! Run!"

At this moment, the dozen or so gods didn't hesitate at all. They turned around and fled into the distance.

The Scarlet Sun god was the strongest among them. They had relied on him for everything in today's battle. Now, he had been defeated so easily!

"How is this possible!"

In the air above the Dragon Palace, Yuan Kui faced Ao qi and the rest of the berserk dragon species alone. When he saw that scarlet sun had been injured, his face was filled with shock.

"How is this possible? How can you be my opponent? Get lost!"

In a daze, his body trembled, and terrifying flames shot out from his body toward ao crab.

Whoosh

The bone wings on ao crab's back extended forward, directly blocking the flames that were covering him.

Through the bone wings, ao crab's blood-red eyes were filled with disdain as he stared at the Scarlet Sun God.

"With your strength, you still dare to say that you can destroy me in five minutes?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Ao crab said to him with a disdainful look, and the sharp thorn in his hand moved slightly.

"Ah!"

A sharp pain entered his mind. Looking at ao crab who easily blocked his attack, a trace of fear finally appeared on his face.

"Shengtian Furnace, divine kingdom protection!"

He gritted his teeth and roared fiercely.

Behind him, a huge divine kingdom of the furnace immediately appeared.

The Divine Kingdom did not expand, but slowly wrapped around his body.

A powerful force rushed toward ao crab. He wanted to get rid of Ao crab's attack!

"You still want to resist?"

Ao crab stared at him, his mouth split open in a sinister smile.

At the same time, he pulled out the bone spike that had pierced into the scarlet sun god's body, his arm slightly curled up.

"Escape!"

At this moment, seeing the bone spike being pulled away from his chest, the Scarlet Sun God hurriedly dodged to the side in fear.

However, at this moment, he saw ao crab's arm, which was filled with sharp spikes, slightly curled up in front of him!

"Roar! Roar!"

A terrifying and ferocious dragon roar suddenly came from his arm.

Under his shocked gaze, the arm expanded at a terrifying speed. The position of the finger turned into an incomparably ferocious monster.

The head of the monster was somewhat like that of a divine dragon, but it was much more ferocious and terrifying than a divine dragon. It emitted an evil aura.

"Devouring Dragon!"

At this moment, ao Crab's emotionless voice rang out, and the terrifying and ferocious dragon head directly attacked the Scarlet Sun God.

"Heaven fusing furnace!"

When the Scarlet Sun God saw this terrifying scene, his expression changed drastically, and he immediately roared out.

The divine kingdom behind him was like a world furnace, directly melting towards the devouring dragon head.

"Roar!"

However, just as they were about to clash, the terrifying dragon head bit down on the divine kingdom's furnace.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The sounds of shattering rang out, and the Scarlet Sun god's expression changed, as he spat out a large mouthful of blood.

His face was filled with shock.

"No, no, how can you be so strong? How can you be so strong? Not long ago, you were only equivalent to six wisps of divine fire, how can that be! ?"

The threat of death shrouded the god of Scarlet Yang. His face was filled with despair.

Looking at his divine kingdom being devoured piece by piece, his entire body was trembling!

Roar

The Dragon Head of the devouring dragon spewed out a terrifying dark light and landed directly on his body.

The terrifying power penetrated through his divine kingdom and landed directly on his body.

Scarlet Yang widened his eyes. His face was filled with unwillingness as he landed heavily on the ground below!

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and looked at the god of Chi Yang who was landing on his side. His eyes revealed a hint of coldness.

He waved his arm and the dying Chi Yang landed directly on Wang Xian's side.

"Bang!"

When he landed in front of Wang Xian, an invisible barrier caused his body to crash heavily onto the ground.

"PFFT!"

He spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. Both of his hands were trembling as he held onto the spot on his chest.

"If you want to destroy me, you might not be strong enough!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's voice rang in his ears.

Chi Yang turned his head with difficulty. He looked at Wang Xian in a daze.

"Please, don't kill me. I'm willing... I'm willing to submit to you!"

He spat out a mouthful of blood as he spoke with great difficulty!

"You're not qualified!"

Wang Xian looked at him and flicked his finger.

"PFFT!"

A destructive force entered his body instantly and wreaked havoc on the life force in his body.

"Buzz!"

A mournful sound of heaven and earth rang out. A cloud of fire hung in the sky.

A god of fire had fallen.

"Lord Chiyang is dead! Lord Chiyang is dead!"

At the back, a group of gods who were about to escape had sensed the death of Chiyang. They shouted in fear.

In less than a minute, the invincible scarlet sun god was killed.

This was a god that was comparable to seven wisps of divine fire!

Now, he was easily killed by the Dragon King's subordinates!

"Run, run, Run Now!"

"Run into the starry sky!"

At this moment, more than ten gods'faces were filled with panic.

It was too terrifying!

They didn't dare to stay on Earth any longer and all of them tried their best to escape into the starry sky.

Even if they didn't have the starry sky map, even if they had a slim chance of survival, it was still safer than staying on Earth.

"It's too late to escape!"

The godly state experts of the Dragon Palace attacked.

The six divine dragons swayed their huge bodies and blocked in front of them.

"No, no, you bunch of True Dragon Sons of Heaven, you actually betrayed us!"

"What's going on? Did the Six True Dragon Sons of Heaven betray us, or..."

Panic and despair appeared on the gods'faces.

At first, they thought that the Dragon King would be killed without their help!

Now, it was the Dragon King who hadn't made a move!

"How can this be? is the heaven going to destroy the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Sacred Hall?"

Yuan Kui also noticed Chi Yang's death. His face was gloomy and his breathing was hurried.

Why were the subordinates of the Dragon King So Invincible?

Even in the endless star field, such strength was a very powerful force!

"Only master and the others can kill the Dragon King. Only master and the others can suppress the Dragon King!"

Yuan Kui's mind kept running wild.

Suddenly, he felt a gaze that made his scalp tingle as he looked in his direction.

His figure immediately retreated, and when he raised his head, he met ao Crab's gaze.

At this moment, he saw death!