Chapter 1996: In 1996, the skyscraping holy church was no more

Gulp

Yuan Kui looked at Ao Xie's cold and disdainful eyes and couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva.

How could he defend against an expert who could kill the scarlet sun god in less than a minute?

He couldn't defend at all!

Roar! Roar

At this moment, ao Xie waved his arm, and the arm that had transformed into a ferocious devouring dragon attacked Yuan Kui directly.

"No, no, I'm not resigned. I'm actually going to die on a small planet!"

At this moment, feeling the fatal threat of death, he roared out in despair and unwillingness.

Yuan Kui wanted to escape, but Ao qi and the other ten people were blocking him. Not to mention, even without them blocking him, ao crab's attack was still not something he could dodge.

The difference was too great!

"Ahhhhh!"

The Devouring Dragon's head bit his body, causing him to let out a desperate scream.

With the death of the scarlet sun god and Yuan Kui's death, the dozen or so gods surrounded by the divine dragons and members of the Dragon Palace completely collapsed at this moment.

Even a god that was almost comparable to seven wisps of divine fire was easily killed by the Dragon King and the others, not to mention their group of one, two, or at most three wisps of divine fire gods!

"Dragon King, I submit. I submit. Please don't kill me!"

"I am willing to become an external member of the Dragon Palace. I am willing to submit!"

The gods did not want to die. It was not easy for them to be resurrected. After experiencing death, they were filled with fear towards death.

But unfortunately...

"No, no!"

Soon, desperate voices rang out. Above the Dragon Palace, the wails of Heaven and earth rang out continuously.

When the fifteenth sorrowful Cry of Heaven and Earth fell, the entire world regained a trace of tranquility.

Around them, the death of the water-elemental God rained down. The death of the wind-elemental God caused the winds to howl in all directions.

The entire space appeared unusually chaotic.

"Ao he, bring some people to the holy church and kill all the survivors of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Holy Church!"

Wang Xian ordered Ao he directly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he nodded and looked at Ao Qi's ten members.

"Let's Go!"

Ao Qi nodded and followed behind ao he as they flew towards the holy church.

"Hiss... This is an easy massacre. The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church were killed so easily!"

"Who would have thought that it would end so quickly? The nuclear weapons were easily blocked by the dragon palace and the one who killed the six top gods of the Dragon Palace was killed so easily!"

"When everyone thought that the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall could compete with the Dragon Palace, who would have thought that it would end up like this?"

"This time, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall have completely disappeared from Earth. All the forces that had descended have fallen!"

Hundreds of kilometers away, all the figures saw this scene, and their faces were filled with shock and respect.

After this battle, the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King would completely establish their throne.

A high throne!

"The cries of the heavens and the earth should be the beautiful rhythm of the Dragon King's death!"

"Lord, the Scarlet Yang Fire God Yuan Kui and the true dragon sons of Heaven destroyed the Dragon Palace within our expectations."

Luke Owen stood in the sky above the sacred palace and looked in the direction of the Ocean Dragon Palace with a smile on his face.

Every mournful cry made his smile even wider.

"After destroying the Dragon Palace, no one on Earth will be able to fight against us!"

Luke Owen said with a smile.

"Unfortunately, we can't do as you wish!"

At this moment, a cold voice entered their ears.

At this moment, Luke Owen and a few other gods who had been resurrected by dripping blood had a huge change in expression. They hurriedly looked up into the sky.

"You... you... how did you get here? How is this possible? You..."

When they saw Ao qi and the others, their pupils constricted slightly, and their foreheads were instantly filled with cold sweat.

They stuttered, and their expressions changed drastically.

"They're all dead. You guys should go and accompany them. From now on, the temple of Heaven will completely disappear!"

Ao Qi said indifferently. He raised the Thunder Hammer in his hand, and the blood-red lightning was brewing on it.

"No, how is this possible? With Chi Yang and the others'strength..."

Luke Owen's face was full of shock. He hurriedly hid into the temple.

"Crackle!"

"Ah!"

The two figures beside him could not dodge in time. They were struck by lightning in an instant, and their bodies fell to the ground.

"Do you think that this sanctuary can still protect you?"

Ao crab looked at the sanctuary that was covered by a powerful array formation, and a cold expression appeared on his face.

He moved slightly, and an earthy black tail appeared behind him. The tail changed at a terrifying speed.

The entire tail was covered in black scales, and there was a terrifying spike on the tail that looked incomparably heavy.

"Whoosh!"

Ao crab waved his tail, and the sharp spike pierced directly towards the array formation.

"Bang!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

A muffled sound rang out, and the terrifying tail pierced directly into the array formation.

"No, how is this possible? This is an array formation that can withstand attacks from eight divine flames and below. You... how did you suddenly become so strong! ?"

When Luke Owen saw that the array formation had been broken, a look of despair appeared on his face.

At this moment, he also understood why Scarlet Sun Yuankui and the others had been killed so quickly.

Directly breaking the array formation? This was probably something that only the higher-ups of the Soaring Heavens Palace could do, right?

"Die!"

Ao crab stared coldly at Luke Owen inside as his terrifying tail stirred.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The sound of collapse could be heard.

The sound of screams could be heard from inside.

"Take all the useful materials away, and then, clean this place up!"

Ao Qi said to the people beside him. He held a long spear in his hand and threw it down directly.

"Rumble!"

The entire holy church occupied an area of seven to eight hundred kilometers.

Sacred Mountains and palaces.

But soon, the enormous holy church began to collapse bit by bit.

The Invincible Holy Church, which had stood tall in the west for more than ten years, began to collapse.

It was just like the Soaring Heavens Palace in the eastern sky.

Ao Qi and the others put all the resources in the Holy Church into their interspatial rings.

Half an hour later, the enormous holy church was reduced to ruins.

In the surrounding area, everyone was shocked when they saw the huge object collapse.

"From now on, the Temple of Heaven and the holy church will be completely wiped out. There will be no temple of Heaven and the Holy Church on Earth!"

When the holy church collapsed completely, ao crab and the others floated in the air.

A majestic voice came out of Ao crab's mouth and resounded throughout the world.

Everyone heard it clearly.

At this moment, everyone in the world slightly opened their mouths.

Especially those disciples who had followed the gods to descend. Their Hearts were shaken and their faces were extremely ugly!