Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1997: 1997 continued to wander

"The Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall have been completely wiped out. Hiss, they were so high and mighty that we all worshipped them. Now, they have been completely wiped out by the Dragon King!"

"Fifteen cries of sorrow. This time, the fallen gods are not only the last gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall, but also the resurrected gods. They are on the wrong side!"

"I thought that the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Templar Hall would be heavily attacked this time, but I didn't expect that in less than an hour, the two forces would be completely wiped off the face of the Earth!"

"The Dragon King is too powerful. In the future, even if someone ignited the divine fire, he wouldn't be able to contend with the Dragon King!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Can everyone count how many gods have fallen at the hands of the Dragon King Now? There are a total of thirty to forty of them!"

When everyone heard ao Crab's voice, their faces were filled with shock.

Especially the fifteen wails of the heavens and earth just now. Those voices caused the entire world to shake.

The high and mighty gods, the gods who had lived for a hundred thousand years, died one after another.

At this time, people thought of the gods that had fallen during this period of time. 90% of them were related to the Dragon King.

In total, there were almost 30 to 40 of them!

They looked like gods, but the Dragon King and the others had killed 30 to 40 of them!

What kind of concept was this?

Many people felt that they and the Dragon King were not in the same era.

"I didn't expect that our Lingxiao treasured palace would be completely destroyed and wiped out. This... how are we going to return to the boundless star field?"

The disciples who had followed the Lingxiao treasured palace to descend at that time trembled with despair on their faces.

At that time, they had made a great decision and had paid a great price to descend here.

No one had expected this outcome.

Initially, they still had a glimmer of hope for the few gods of the Lingxiao treasured palace. Now, they were in complete despair.

"Dragon King, wipe out all the remnants of the Holy Church!"

At this moment, ao he, Ao Qi, and the rest arrived in the Dragon Palace and reported to Wang Xian.

"Have they been wiped out? How many gods are there in the world now?"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and asked Prime Minister Gui.

"Dragon King, other than that young master from shenfeng, there is only one God on Earth Now!"

Prime Minister GUI reported.

"Master, that God knows Shenfeng and once expressed his goodwill to me. His words shouldn't be a problem!"

Xiao ran said to Wang Xian at this moment.

The young master of the celestial race was also standing beside Xiao ran.

At this moment, he was extremely glad that he had made the choice!

As expected, Old Yin was still more awesome than the Dragon King. Such strength would be considered a considerable force in the former Milky Way galaxy.

"It's the Dragon King. I'll talk to that God. How about we join the Dragon Palace in the future and become external members? I don't think he will reject us!"

Shen Feng also spoke up immediately.

"There's no need. If It's you guys, just join Xiao Ran's Dragon Gate Academy directly!"

Wang Xian said to Shen Feng.

"It's the Dragon King. Then, we'll join the Dragon Gate Academy. In the future, we'll build a powerful god academy together with brother Xiao ran!"

Shen Feng was delighted when he heard Wang Xian's words. He nodded immediately!

When Xiao ran heard his master's arrangements, he exchanged a glance with Ji Lingfei and revealed a smile.

If two more gods joined the Dragon Gate Academy, their foundations would be comparable to the forces of the gods that descended back then.

"Dragon King, this is the starry sky chart that we obtained from the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church. The two starry sky charts are identical!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked over and handed the two starry sky maps to him.

"Can the pulling formation at the Lingxiao Treasured Palace still be restored?"

Wang Xian looked at the starry sky map with a glint in his eyes.

"Yes, Dragon King. Are we going to bring Earth into the boundless star field?"

Prime Minister Gui asked Wang Xian.

"If it's the boundless star field, we are going. As for Earth..."

Wang Xian pondered for a moment before saying, "Xiao ran, go and inform the world. If most of the people agree to let Earth go to the boundless galaxy, we will enter the boundless galaxy. If they don't want to go, we will leave Earth Here!"

After all, Earth was their hometown. He was not going to make the decision to change the fate of everyone on Earth.

If they wanted to enter the boundless galaxy, we could bring Earth there.

If they didn't want to go, Wang Xian could also order the Dragon Palace to travel through the starry sky and head to the powerful galaxy.

"Yes, Master!"

Xiao ran nodded!

"Also, as usual, the Dragon Palace rules the ocean and will not interfere in other matters."

Wang Xian stood up slowly and said in the end.

Xiao ran and the rest nodded. They did not stay in the dragon palace any longer and flew out.

"Next, after we revive AO Qitian and the rest, we will raise the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian instructed Prime Minister Gui.

This time, they had killed fifteen gods and all the treasures in the sanctuary.

The resources were not as much as the last time. However, there was the corpse of a God with six wisps of divine fire.

After AO Qitian and the others recovered, these resources could also increase the number of godly state experts in the Dragon Palace.

In the outside world, after a battle that focused on the entire world, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church completely disappeared.

While many people were discussing, the dean of the Dragon Gate Academy announced something.

Today, there would be a vote on the internet. The content of the vote would be whether Earth was willing to go in and head to the boundless star field.

When this news spread out, it caused a huge sensation.

When the gods brought Earth to the boundless galaxy, it caused a huge panic.

With the people's understanding, they gradually calmed down.

But even so, facing the unknown galaxy, they were still filled with confusion and didn't know what to do.

Now, they were given the right to choose whether or not to enter the galaxy.

"I didn't expect the Dragon King to let us make a choice. It seems that even if we don't enter the boundless Starfield, the Dragon King and the others will go there on their own!"

"I want to go there. According to the gods, that is the starfield for cultivation. The divine sons and goddesses of the various starfield sects compete for glory. Powerful existences can destroy the stars with a wave of their hands. Only by entering the boundless starfield can we have the chance to become such an existence!"

"There are benefits and disadvantages to entering the boundless starfield. If our Earth wants to improve, we must enter the boundless Starfield!"

"It proves that Earth has already walked quite a distance. We might as well go there directly!"

Countless people were discussing on the internet. Some young people of the younger generation wanted to continue traveling on Earth and wanted to venture into unknown Starfields!

And those disciples who had followed the gods to descend had excited and excited expressions on their faces when they saw this scene.

They still had a chance to return to the boundless Starfield!