Chapter 1998: On the mutated space locust in the 1998 divine tomb

"Master, the voting has ended. 80% of the people want to go to the boundless galaxy. Only 20% of them want to stay here!"

A day later, Xiao ran passed the results of the online voting to Wang Xian.

Most of them still hoped to step into the boundless galaxy. They also wanted to ignite the divine fire and become gods, roaming in the void.

Once they became gods, they would have a lifespan of 100,000 years. If they could step into a higher realm, their lifespan would reach a million.

Who Didn't want to obtain a longer lifespan?

Who Didn't want to roam the void and see the races in the universe?

Seeing this result, Wang Xian wasn't too surprised. If it was him, he would also choose to enter the boundless galaxy.

"In that case, earth will continue to move forward!"

Wang Xian nodded at Xiao ran and immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui and the rest to restart the array formation.

The array formation was in the dilapidated Lingxiao Palace. After restarting it, as long as they put in spirit stones, they would be able to move forward rapidly.

At this speed, they would be able to enter the boundless galaxy in four years!

"It's moving. The planet is moving towards the boundless galaxy. I didn't expect the Dragon King to be so bold. He really dares to go to the boundless galaxy!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"The Dragon King might not know how powerful the boundless galaxy is. He has killed so many gods in our skyscraping treasured palace and the holy church. The great forces of the boundless galaxy will not let him go!"

"At that time, he will regret everything he has done. However, we still have to thank the Dragon King. If he really doesn't dare to enter the boundless galaxy, we won't have the chance to return to our hometown!"

The disciples who had followed the Dragon King to the boundless galaxy sensed that Earth was heading towards the boundless galaxy once again, and their faces were filled with excitement.

Earth once again plunged into the vast starry sky.

And just like the era that the Dragon King had suppressed before, the Dragon King guarded the land of the sea and didn't care about anything else.

The Dragon Gate Academy had become the world's most powerful force, and it was also a force that countless people were fighting to join.

Now, there were four gods in Dragon Gate Academy. These four gods were the only ones other than the Dragon Palace.

Since there was only one God in Dragon Gate Academy, it was natural for countless people to rush into it.

Now, Dragon Gate Academy had opened two more branches. Those who could enter were all elites of the entire world.

Even many disciples who came with them also joined Dragon Gate Academy.

Time flew by quickly. Earth was wandering and Wang Xian had been staying in the Dragon Palace.

In the middle of the time, he returned to the transcendence continent to check on the group of girls who were cultivating.

According to his estimation, the group of girls would be able to ignite the divine fire soon.

The entire Dragon Palace fell into silence.

In the beginning, two divine kingdoms appeared one after another on Earth. It was a pity that after the appearance of the two divine kingdoms, no more divine kingdoms appeared.

After the two little girls ran around the Dragon Palace for a month or two, they got bored and now stayed under the ancestral tree to cultivate.

All the members of the Dragon Palace were in closed-door cultivation.

The speed of cultivation for a year was equivalent to cultivating in the outside world for more than a hundred years. In just a year, many members of the Dragon Palace had made great breakthroughs.

Now, the weakest members of the Dragon Palace were at the demigod Rank-8 realm, and half of them had already reached the demigod rank-9 realm.

The number of members of the Dragon Palace who had lit the divine fire had reached twenty-five, and the number of those who had the combat strength of the God realm had reached about forty.

This strength could be said to be very terrifying.

In this one year, because of the great power of the Dragon Gate Academy, the entire world was peaceful, and there was no large-scale war.

Many people entered the divine kingdoms to cultivate, and their strength increased greatly.

On Earth, experts at the profound void realm weren't as rare as before.

"I heard from teacher that it's very difficult for us to become gods. Those gods would need at least a thousand years to ignite the divine fire. We have the divine kingdoms to cultivate in, and it's also a huge opportunity in the boundless star field!"

"But not everyone has Dean Xiao's opportunity. Dean Xiao has the Dragon King. In just a year, the Dragon King has advanced to the divine realm. If only I could become the Dragon King's Disciple!"

"Don't even think about it. It's said that the Dragon King doesn't accept disciples. Even Dean Xiao is only the Dragon King's in-name disciple. If we want to become gods quickly, we have to obtain opportunities in the divine tomb!"

"We've been wandering around here for two or three days, but we still can't get in. Sigh!"

"It's not just us. Look around you. There are at least tens of millions of people who want to find opportunities!"

In the North Pole, around the vast divine tomb, cultivators who were dreaming of entering the divine tomb to find opportunities were wandering around.

At present, no one had entered the divine tomb in the South Pole.

The North Pole was fine, but since the last time the divine tomb was closed, it had never been opened again.

This made countless people unwilling.

In addition to their current understanding of the divine tomb, millions of people came here every day to seek opportunities.

If they could enter, it would be like stepping into the realm of gods for them.

Even some teachers of Dragon Gate Academy laughed and said that if anyone could obtain opportunities in the divine tomb, they could ignite the divine fire.

This also caused many students of the Dragon Gate Academy to come here in search of an opportunity.

"Buzz!"

However, on a certain day, the entire divine tomb suddenly trembled, causing the people who were conversing and the surrounding people to be slightly stunned.

They hurriedly stared at the divine tomb, their eyes filled with astonishment!

"What happened?"

A student of the Dragon Gate Academy's face changed as he stared at the divine tomb in front of him.

The towering mountain peaks that formed the divine tomb seemed to have come to life at this moment, continuously emitting light tremors!

"What's going on? Could it be that the entrance of the Divine Tomb has reopened?"

Some people hurriedly flew towards the entrance, their faces filled with shock!

"Hong!"

Right at this moment, on the mountain peak that was about 30,000 meters from the center of the divine tomb, a terrifying earthen yellow pillar suddenly rose up.

The 10,000-meter-wide earthen-yellow pillar contained boundless earth elemental energy, and the enormous pillar connected to the universe.

Seeing this scene, everyone around the North Pole divine tomb revealed shocked expressions.

"What happened in the Divine Tomb? could someone have obtained the inheritance of the Divine Tomb?"

"Hiss, how long is this pillar that connects to the void? At least 100 kilometers, right?"

"More than a hundred kilometers. How could there be such a heaven and earth phenomenon? What on Earth happened!"

The change in the divine tomb caused everyone around to tremble. When the earthen yellow pillar rose, the entire world could see the phenomenon there!