Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1999: In the 1999 divine tomb, among the mutated space locusts

"Hahahaha, the body of a mountain, the body of a mountain, I have finally obtained the body of a mountain!"

"I, flying dust, from a speck of dust, have finally grown into a mountain. In the future, I, flying dust, will become the mountain god Lord!"

"I use mountains to suppress mountains and rivers, I use mountains to suppress the starry sky, Hahaha!"

While everyone in the outside world was looking at the North Pole God's tomb in shock, a 100-meter tall figure stood proudly in the main peak in the center of the God's Tomb!

Around him, small mountains were rotating around him.

He was shirtless, and there were many mountain patterns on his body.

In the sky, the main peak of the god's tomb was hovering above him, and the earth-yellow energy pillar that reached the sky rushed out from the mountain peak.

"With the stars as the thick soil, bearing my mountain body, Rise!"

Chen Feiyang roared, his eyes filled with excitement as he stared at the main peak in the sky.

"Weng!"

A terrifying mountain energy poured into his body.

"Mountain god Lord once used his invincible divine body to cross the void and become a god Lord. He once destroyed a star with one punch. I, Chen Feiyang, will use my tiny body to destroy everything!"

Chen Feiyang's face revealed a burning expression as he felt his body rapidly improving.

Scenes appeared in his mind.

Once, he suffered humiliation!

Once, he paid the price for following the gods to Earth!

Once, he cultivated with all his might!

When I return, it will be the time for the world to worship me!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

When the north pole god tomb mutated, in the South Pole.

In the Eternal Divine Kingdom, a thousand-meter-wide divine light tiger was quietly lying there.

Sensing the change in the North Pole, the divine light tiger slowly opened its eyes. Its eyes were like the eyes of a miniature divine tiger as it looked towards the north.

"It's That Guy Shan Yue's divine tomb. I remember that old Guy Shan Yue died completely. Did someone obtain his inheritance? It looks like he obtained the inheritance of Shan Yue's body!"

The God of light muttered as he looked at the Divine Pond of light in front of him!

"Lord God, when are we going to leave? With your strength, you will definitely be able to suppress us for an entire lifetime!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the side.

An old man was wearing a white robe.

On the robe was written the divine servant of light wings. If people on Earth saw the appearance of the old man, they would definitely be shocked.

He was the strongest person in the Fire God Palace, Suiyan, who brought the divine weapon and crashed into the divine tomb.

"Wait for my strength to recover a little!"

The light divine tiger glanced at Suiyan indifferently. He slowly stood up and walked into the divine pool of light.

"It's the Lord God!"

Suiyan bowed respectfully and shouted loudly, "When the Lord God steps out of the eternal divine kingdom, it will be the dawn. A new light will envelop the world!"

"Roar!"

The Divine Light Tiger heard his words and roared happily.

"You will be below ten thousand people!"

The Divine Light Tiger's voice entered Suiyan's ears, causing Suiyan's body to tremble. His face was filled with excitement.

The Divine Light Tiger was the Divine Light Wing Lord who had fallen.

At the South Pole, it was not a divine tomb, but the Divine Kingdom of the Eternal God Lord!

"When the god Lord comes out of the mountain, the Dragon King will be nothing but an ant. Even in the boundless star field, he will still be a top-tier existence!"

Suiyan's body trembled as he thought to himself, his eyes filled with fire.

Now that Suiyan had narrowly escaped death and entered this place, he only wanted to obtain the opportunity to kill the Dragon King. Now, the Dragon King was no longer in his eyes.

What he was going to conquer next was the boundless star field!

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, the god of light with the god of light as the core flew to him and laid down beside him.

The corner of his mouth curled up slightly. He jumped onto the Divine Tiger and flew backward.

"What's going on?"

At this moment, at the Ocean Dragon Palace, Wang Xian sensed the movement from the divine kingdom of the North Pole. He flew to the surface of the sea with a shocked expression.

Looking at the huge earthy yellow pillar that went straight into the starry sky, his face was filled with a solemn expression.

Even he couldn't achieve such a terrifying power.

"Could it be that someone from the divine tomb of the North Pole really obtained the inheritance of the Master God?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly.

The inheritance of the Master God was above the gods. A master God could easily wipe out the dragon palace.

In fact, a Master of God could even destroy the entire earth with his full strength!

The power of the Master of God was unpredictable!

Wang Xian was not afraid of the temple of Ling Xiao or the gods in the boundless galaxy. He was still afraid of the Master of God.

"Dragon King, Earth is about to enter the chaotic space zone!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui appeared beside Wang Xian and reported to him.

"Oh, have you entered the chaotic Space Zone?"

Wang Xian had a serious expression on his face.

The chaotic space zone was the most dangerous area to travel to in the boundless space zone.

Chaotic space zones existed in many places in the universe. Some of these chaotic space zones were formed naturally while others were formed due to the battle between terrifying experts.

The so-called chaotic space zones were the chaotic energy of the universe. Asteroids and gigantic flaming planets shuttled through them.

There were even some terrifying creatures born in the chaotic region.

Back when the gods had descended here, many of the gods had fallen and all died in the chaotic region.

Even some big shots in the boundless galaxy didn't dare to take this risk.

If one wasn't careful, seven or eight wisps of divine fire gods would also die in the chaotic region.

It would take one and a half years to pass through this region. In the following one and a half years, earth would be extremely dangerous.

However, in order to lead Earth, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church had already found a relatively safe path. As long as they had the protection of the gods, it wouldn't be too much of a problem to cross that region! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Furthermore, with the Dragon Palace around, it wouldn't be too much of a problem to cross the chaotic region!

"Get the members of the Dragon Palace to pay attention. If there's a situation ahead, deal with it immediately!"

Wang Xian reminded Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

The change in the divine tomb caused a huge change, especially the khaki energy pillar. Countless people tried to enter the divine tomb through the energy pillar, but they were instantly killed by the energy inside.

Even the god of the Divine Peak from the Dragon Gate Academy shook his head and returned.

The matter of the divine tomb shook the world. Soon, another piece of news caused a huge discussion.

Dragon Gate Academy announced that they would enter the chaotic region of the universe next. Everyone was careful.

When they heard this news, everyone's expressions changed slightly.

Especially those disciples who had followed the gods to descend, their faces revealed a trace of nervousness.

A year and a half of traveling in the chaotic star field was filled with many dangers!

"With the Dragon King around, we should be fine. The Dragon King and the others are so powerful!"

Soon, some people's worries were dispelled. Back then, when the gods could descend here, with the Dragon King's strength, he would definitely be able to bring them through safely!