Chapter 2000: Under the 2,000 mutated space locusts in the divine tombs

In the chaotic star field, there was no sunlight. This was a place where even the sun could not shine.

One formation after another rose up and enveloped earth, creating a formation of the Sun. It rose from the east and fell from the west, replacing the original sun.

Moreover, because of the recovery of spiritual energy, the plants on earth did not need to undergo photosynthesis at all. Spiritual Energy was the best energy.

"Look over there, that huge meteorite. Oh My God, this meteorite is even bigger than the Moon!"

"This star field is simply too shocking. If not for the Dragon King and the others leading us, how advanced would our technology be to be able to pass through this star field?"

After Earth entered the chaotic star field for a week, the appearance of the chaotic star field gradually appeared in front of everyone.

Those incomparably huge chaotic meteorites and those oddly-shaped planets brushed past earth!

"There's a meteorite right in front of us. Not Good, we're going to crash into it!"

Suddenly, everyone's faces were filled with shock as they looked at the meteorite in front of them that had a circumference of over a thousand kilometers. Their faces were filled with shock.

"It can't be, we're going to crash into it!"

Some timid people looked over with shock on their faces.

Whoosh! Whoosh

However, at this moment, two figures directly disappeared into the void.

Buzz

Vaguely, two figures could be seen standing on the right side of the meteorite and pushing it with force.

The meteorite, which was over a thousand kilometers long, floated to the side.

"It's the two gods of the Dragon Palace, Hiss!"

"We don't have to worry. With the Dragon King here, we'll be fine!"

This was the first time the people on Earth had experienced such a situation. Seeing the meteorite in front of them being pushed away, they let out a sigh of relief.

"It's dark all around. Other than some meteors that occasionally burst into flames, earth is the most eye-catching!"

"I think the most eye-catching thing is that earthy-yellow light pillar. That energy light pillar directly rushed into the void. It's said to be over a thousand kilometers away!"

Some people looked at the huge earthy yellow energy pillar at the North Pole, their faces filled with surprise and curiosity.

What was the reason for the energy pillar charging into the void over a thousand kilometers away?

Earth continued to move forward, encountering all sorts of situations from time to time!

"Ji Ji!"

In the endless darkness of the chaotic region, a pitch-black creature with wings, a head like a locust, and four sharp claws was searching for all kinds of energy to feed in the chaotic Starfield.

It made a special sound from its mouth.

Each monster was three meters in size and did not look very powerful. At most, they were comparable to demigods, but they could travel in the starry sky.

This special creature was known as the Space Beast in the universe.

The ordinary space beasts had the strength of god-level and above. The powerful space beasts were comparable to the eternal god Lord or even higher.

There were brutal space beasts that could even destroy a star field. It was extremely terrifying.

Although these three-meter-long space beasts were small and weak, their most terrifying part was their numbers.

At the source of the sound, tens of millions of these space beasts were flying in the chaotic star field like locusts.

However, these tens of millions of them were only a small number to these space beasts. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

They were known as the space locusts in the universe!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

They were flying aimlessly and preying on their prey. Suddenly, the space locusts at the front made a rapid sound.

They were like cats that had smelled the fishy smell. They immediately changed their direction and flew to the right.

They were very fast, twice as fast as ordinary demigod creatures.

The densely packed space locusts that covered an area of more than a hundred kilometers were like meteorites that streaked across the void.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

At this moment, an excited voice came from the front again. A group of space locusts were staring at the earthy yellow energy pillar with blood-red eyes in the darkness.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

Following that, a group of space locusts flew toward the earthy yellow energy pillar with incomparable excitement.

It was overwhelming and densely packed!

"Eh? Space locusts, these are the space locusts from the mountain god Lord's inheritance. Good stuff, good stuff!"

"Mountain nest, come in. Hahaha, the heavens are really helping me. So I, Chen Feiyang, Am the darling of this piece of space!"

At this moment, in the North Pole's divine tomb, when Chen Feiyang sensed tens of millions of space locusts flying towards the earth attribute energy pillar, his face did not show the slightest bit of panic. Instead, he revealed an excited expression.

His eyes were burning as he stared at the space locusts in the sky. His body trembled.

An even denser amount of earth elemental energy charged towards the energy pillar.

At this moment, the tens of millions of space locusts crazily flew towards the god's tomb along the energy pillar.

"It's too little, it's still too little. The number of space locusts is too little. Let's have more!"

The space locusts flew into the divine tomb along the earthen yellow energy pillar and disappeared into the body of the flying dust.

It was as if his body had become the nest of the space locusts.

And his body seemed to be endless.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

At this moment, the space locusts in the sky let out ear-piercing cries that spread far and wide!

"Dragon King, there's a change in the void. There are creatures around!"

The change in the void immediately attracted the attention of the experts in the Dragon Palace. They reported to Wang Xian.

"Are there any creatures?"

Wang Xian's face showed a hint of seriousness. He flew directly to the sky above the Dragon Palace and looked into the void.

"Dragon King, according to the records in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, these are space locusts. They roam the void and feed on all kinds of energy!"

Prime Minister Gui came to Wang Xian's side and said to him, "These space locusts are comparable to the strength of a first level demigod. The leader level is slightly stronger. These tens of millions of them belong to a small group of space locusts!"

"They must have been attracted by the earthy yellow energy pillar in the North Pole Divine Tomb!"

"That energy pillar is really troublesome!"

Wang Xian looked into the void and was slightly shocked. Tens of millions of space locusts that were comparable to a first level demigod could completely destroy a planet.

He looked at the energy pillar and stared at the space locusts one by one!

"To avoid accidents, we have to destroy them. Such a large number of space locusts is also a lot of energy!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

However, at this moment, an urgent voice covered the entire earth, causing Wang Xian to raise his eyebrows slightly.

"Ji Ji, Ji Ji!"

At this moment, a dense response suddenly sounded in the void!

"Dragon King, these tens of millions of space locusts are just the vanguard. There are even more at the back!"

Prime Minister Gui's pupils constricted slightly as he immediately said.

More ants could bite an elephant to death. It was the same for the space locusts. With tens of millions of space locusts, if a wisp of Divine Fire God did not escape and fight against them, a wisp of divine fire god would soon be engulfed and devoured!