Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2001: 2001 Space Beast: Kun Shang

"What's that sound? What happened? !"

"What a terrifying sound! What's going on? Could it be that we've encountered some danger again? !"

When that dense sound reverberated through the entire starry sky, everyone on Earth could hear it clearly!

The roars of countless creatures made people's scalps go numb.

Even those who were sleeping were instantly awakened by the sound and immediately walked out.

"Oh my God, that's... !"

When everyone looked up at the starry sky, shock appeared on their faces.

There were countless starry locusts and countless pairs of blood-red eyes.

At a glance, there were so many of them that one could not see the end.

It was as if the entire earth was covered by the starry locusts.

"Those are space locusts, space locusts. Any small-scale space locusts have the power to devour gods!"

"Hiss, how did we meet these space beasts? These locusts are very difficult to deal with. Unless we destroy all of them, these things will hold a grudge!"

"Look, they are rushing towards the energy pillar. They were attracted by that terrifying earthen yellow energy pillar!"

A series of shocked voices rang out. Everyone's scalps went numb as they watched everything.

The sky above Earth was actually completely covered by these creatures.

This was only the surface. Just how many of these locusts were behind it?

One billion? Ten Billion? or a hundred billion?

This made people think of the Locust disaster on Earth.

However, that locust disaster was nothing compared to the one in the starry sky.

"The locusts feed on all sorts of flesh and blood and energy, but they seem to be attracted by the energy pillar and have no intention of attacking us!"

Some of the disciples who had followed the gods to descend had a better understanding of the astral beasts, so they kept introducing them to the people around them.

However, even if the countless astral locusts did not launch any attacks, they were still filled with a savage aura, causing everyone's expressions to become extremely grave.

If the countless space locusts were to attack them, how would they be able to defend against them?

Would the Dragon King be able to defend against them?

According to the disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, a few tens of millions of space locusts would be able to cause a wisp of divine fire god to flee in panic. Would the Dragon King and the rest of them be able to defend against the countless space locusts?

"Why are there so many space locusts?" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At this moment, in the sky above the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian looked at the starry locusts that had completely covered the starry sky with a grave expression.

Around him, a group of divine realm experts from the Dragon Palace followed behind him.

Other than that, there were seven other clones standing there. They stared at the locusts in the void.

"There are so many locusts. Even if we were to kill them, it would be a little strenuous!"

Ao crab looked at the space locusts within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers and was slightly shocked.

Although ao crab was comparable to a god with eight wisps of divine fire, he still felt his scalp go numb in the face of so much fear in the space.

These space empires within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers could almost submerge him.

"Dragon King, they are surging toward the energy pillar. They have entered the divine tomb through the energy pillar!"

Ao qitian, Ao Qi, and the others were looking at the energy pillar with a solemn expression on their faces!

"The divine tomb in the North Pole seems to be the divine tomb of the mountain god. The mountain God became the divine master because of his unique physique!"

"It seems to be the body of a mountain. Mountains hold down mountains and rivers. With one punch, the Sun, Moon, mountains, and rivers are shattered!"

Hua'er and Cai'er frowned slightly as they spoke from the side.

Wang Xian looked at the countless space locusts that had suddenly gathered in the void and did not attack on his own.

He had no idea how many space locusts there were in the void. He did not dare to attack rashly!

"Haha, I didn't expect there to be so many space locusts. What a pity. With my current strength, I can only take in five billion of them!"

At this moment, in the North Pole's divine tomb, Chen Feiyang was looking at the countless space locusts charging at him with excitement.

The number of space locusts had completely exceeded his expectations!

"What a pity, I hope that after my strength increases, you guys will still be here!"

Chen Feiyang looked at the void with a regretful expression.

"Weng!"

His body trembled, and the entire earthen yellow energy pillar trembled slightly, as if it had completely sealed the entrance.

"Ji Ji, Ji Ji Ji!"

The moment the passageway closed, waves of tyrannical aura suddenly came from the surrounding space locusts.

They let out sharp cries, and the countless space locusts in the sky began to panic.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

Suddenly, the locusts opened their sharp mouths and bit towards the earthen yellow energy pillar.

However, they realized that they couldn't do anything to the energy pillar, and their blood-red eyes became even more irritable!

"Ji Ji Ji!"

In an instant, an incomparably terrifying aura charged towards Earth.

"Not good, these space locusts are going crazy!"

At this moment, everyone could see the space locusts'irritation, and their expressions changed drastically!

CHIRP CHIRP

The next moment, everyone saw the dense swarm of space locusts charging towards them.

"Oh no, we're done for!"

Everyone's faces were filled with horror!

"Ao Xingmu, lead the Starwood Combat Division to form a barrier on the mainland!"

When Wang Xian saw the space locusts attacking, his expression changed slightly as well. He immediately gave an order to Ao Xingmu.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Out of the 2,000 warriors of the Starwood Combat Division, including AO xingmu, six members of the Starwood Combat Division lit the divine fire.

Once they lit the divine fire, they would have the strength to fight against the four wisps of the Divine Fire God.

The rest of the members of the Starwood Combat Division were all at the level of demigod level nine and at the peak!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The entire Starwood Combat Division immediately flew toward the mainland.

Especially the six members who had lit up the divine fire, the branches under their bodies immediately spread to the surroundings.

Ao Xingmu's branches covered an area of a few thousand kilometers. The branches hung down one by one.

They stared coldly at the space locusts that were diving down from the sky.

"All members of the Combat Division of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian shouted softly.

"Yes!"

The members of the Demon Combat Division, the Heaven's Eye Arrow Division, the Mount Division, the Thunder Division, the Dragon Guard, and the Dolphin Support Division immediately responded loudly.

"Kill!"

Wang Xian waved his arm!

"Kill!"

The group of members of the Dragon Palace immediately flew towards the sky to meet the dense swarm of space locusts.

"It's the members of the Dragon Palace. The subordinates of the Dragon King have made their move!"

"All of them are level one demigod space locusts. If they rush down, we will be killed instantly. I hope the Dragon King and the others can hold them off!"

"Hiss, look at how powerful the members of the Dragon Palace are. After they spread out their thorns, they covered a radius of several thousand kilometers. There are six of them. They are too powerful!"

When the members of the Dragon Palace made their move, everyone let out a sigh of relief.

Seeing the members of the Starwood Combat Division flying over one by one to hold back most of the sky, everyone was shocked and a little nervous at the same time!