Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2002: 2002 Space Beast: Kun Zhong

Thorns hung down and covered the sky of the continent. Now that the continent had become one, the members of the Dragon Palace were guarding it.

There were two thousand members of the Starwood Combat Division and six beings who had ignited the divine fire.

They floated in the sky, and the thorns built up an enormous defense in the sky.

Thorns fell from tens of thousands of meters away, and some of them could even be touched with one's hand.

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

In the sky, countless space locusts pounced toward earth. They had blood-red eyes, sharp claws, and sharp teeth.

Space Beasts had a special characteristic, which was that their instincts were higher than their intelligence. Space Beasts rarely had the intelligence to speak human language.

Most of them relied on their instincts to fight, Kill, Hunt, and survive!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the ocean, the demon monkeys, thunder shrimp, and the others also roared, and a terrifying aura welcomed the space locusts.

"Have all the members of the Dragon Palace come out? There are more than 20,000 warriors. Their auras are so terrifying!"

"Back then, only 2,000 demon monkeys could fight against more than 100,000 heavenly soldiers, Heavenly Generals, and Holy Warriors. Now, 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace and dozens of gods will definitely be able to resist the space locusts!"

When everyone saw the 20,000 or so members of the Dragon Palace rush into the sky, their faces instantly revealed a look of awe.

At this time, the Dragon Palace was their guardian God!

"All Disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy who are at least at the demigod level, follow me in battle. If you want to become stronger and become a god, you will have to go through all sorts of battles. Kill!"

At the three Dragon Gate Academies, the figures of God Peak's Ji Lingfei, Xiao ran, and another god were heard.

Hundreds of voices immediately flew into the sky, right next to the members of the Starwood War Department.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

When countless space locusts entered Earth's 100,000-meter domain, the members of the Starwood War Department attacked the Sky with countless thorns.

At this moment, at least 100 million thorns stabbed towards the space locusts. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

In an instant, an earth-shattering scream sounded, and countless space locusts let out ear-piercing sounds before dying.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

At this moment, nearly a hundred million corpses fell toward the ground.

"Hiss!"

Seeing the space locusts'corpses fall like rain, everyone's faces revealed shock.

"These are demigod-level space beasts! The Dragon King's subordinates are so terrifying!"

"Not good! Look, we've killed at least 100 million space locusts, but there aren't any signs of reduction!"

Everyone looked at the falling bodies of the space locusts in shock. However, they soon discovered that the number of space locusts attacking from the sky didn't seem to decrease.

"How many locusts are there? These locusts are comparable to the strength of heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals. If there really are billions and billions of them, how can we defend against them?"

Some of the disciples who came with the gods showed terrified expressions.

Could the Dragon King really defend against tens of billions of them?

"Roar!"

In the sky, the Demon War Department, the Thunder Department, and the Dragon Guards rode the fire Phoenix Dragon Seed into the sky and began the second round of attack.

More than 40 godly state experts of the Dragon Palace launched a terrifying attack at the same time.

The energy that blotted out the sky shocked everyone.

Billions of corpses fell toward the ground.

"Hiss!"

Everyone on Earth looked at the large number of corpses that fell, and their faces were full of shock.

However, soon, a trace of solemnity appeared on everyone's faces.

Five minutes had passed, and at least billions of corpses fell to the ground. However, the number of space locusts in the void did not decrease at all!

"How... how many space locusts are there? The experts of the Dragon Palace have killed countless of them!"

Some people watched in shock, and a bad premonition slowly emerged in their hearts.

"There are too many, there are simply too many space locusts!"

At the same time, AO qitian, AO xingmu, and the group of Mad Dragons in the sky also frowned slightly, and a hint of solemnity appeared on their faces.

In the beginning, the countless space locusts were 100,000 meters away from Earth. However, they were now 50,000 meters away.

"I can't see the edge. The number of these brother-controlled locusts is probably in the hundreds of billions!"

At this moment, ao Yao came back from the void and his voice reached their ears. This caused the expressions of the leaders of the Dragon Palace to change drastically.

At the same time, in the sky above the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian also heard Ao Yao's report. His face sank slightly.

"According to the records in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, a hundred billion starry locusts are considered a large-scale disaster. Even if there are more than a hundred gods, it would be extremely difficult to deal with them together. How did we encounter such a large-scale swarm of starry locusts!"

Prime Minister GUI's expression was a little awkward.

"If there are fewer of them, they are completely resources to us. However, if there are more of them..."

Wang Xian frowned slightly. His expression didn't look good either.

Although they wouldn't be in any danger with the dragon palace around, the rest might not be so!

"Woo Woo, dad, I want to eat food!"

At this moment, an extremely dull voice suddenly rang in Wang Xian's ears.

It was as though he was holding a huge loudspeaker and shouting beside his ear. He was slightly stunned!

Wang Xian immediately looked down and saw the huge creature in the Dragon Palace.

Xiao Lan!

The first Kun of Qing Yue was upgraded to level six in the Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace would be able to accommodate him.

At this moment, Xiao Lan occupied an area of 200 kilometers around the Dragon Palace. His body had also reached the size of 100 kilometers.

He was an incomparably terrifying giant beast.

Recently, he had obtained countless resources. Naturally, Wang Xian did not forget Xiao Lan.

As a Kun that used to feed on top-tier bloodlines in the universe, a Kun that terrified all top-tier bloodlines, Wang Xian naturally had to focus on nurturing it.

Now, Xiao Lan's strength was comparable to a god with a wisp of divine fire.

There were no realms or ranks in the Kun. As long as there was enough bloodline food, it could continue to grow.

"Xiao Lan, will your strength be a match for these locusts?"

Wang Xian looked at Xiao Lan and asked with a frown.

Xiao Lan called Lan Qingyue Mama, so naturally, she would call him daddy!

"Woo Woo, Daddy, I'm not afraid of them!"

Xiao Lan said immediately!

"Alright, then you can go. Once you are in danger, go back immediately!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Woo Woo, it's daddy!"

Xiao Lan nodded her head with excitement in her eyes. Her eyes that were thousands of meters wide looked at the locusts in the starry sky with excitement!

Buzz

He swayed his huge body and flew out of the Dragon Palace. A black hole appeared in front of him.

Xiao Lan went straight into the black hole!

Wang Xian looked at him and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"Woo Woo!"

At this moment, a deafening sound was heard from the swarm of locusts in the starry sky!

"D * mn, Xiao Lan..."

When Wang Xian raised his head and looked over, he couldn't help but swear. His eyes widened slightly!