Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2003: 2003 Space Beast: Kun Xia

"Wu Wu!"

A voice filled with excitement came from the space locusts. At this moment, even the entire space locusts were slightly stunned.

This was like a sheep that had suddenly blended into a pack of wolves. Little Blue had suddenly appeared, causing all the surrounding space locusts to be stunned!

"Oh my God, what is that thing? Why did a terrifying giant beast suddenly appear from the space locusts!"

At this moment, not only was the swarm of space locusts stunned, everyone below looked at Little Blue, who was in the swarm of space locusts, with shocked expressions on their faces.

"It's over, it's over. The space locusts haven't been destroyed yet, and now such a huge beast has appeared. This is a real space beast!"

"This hundred kilometer large body is a real space beast, a real space beast. is the heavens going to destroy us?"

What was the concept of a hundred-kilometer-long body? It was the size of a small city.

But now, a giant beast, a hundred-kilometer-long body, was comparable to some large meteorites!

This...

Was Earth really going to be finished?

"WUUUU!"

Just as everyone was frightened by Xiao Lan's sudden appearance in the sky, Xiao Lan once again let out an extremely excited sound.

Little Blue opened its huge mouth and started to devour the surrounding space locusts.

Everyone below could see the bloody mouth.

This scene was exactly the same as a whale swallowing countless shrimp in the ocean.

Little Blue, which was 100 kilometers in size, and its mouth, which was more than 10 kilometers in size, started to devour.

Moreover, there seemed to be a powerful suction force in its mouth!

With a single bite, at least tens of millions of space locusts were sucked into his mouth and swallowed directly into his stomach.

"Ji Ji, Ji Ji!"

Seeing the space behemoths suddenly appear and swallow their own kind, all the space locusts in the surroundings began to boil!

This was the first time they had seen such an arrogant fellow directly charge into their group.

In an instant, Little Blue's body was covered by the space locusts.

"Buzz!"

However, when the space locusts landed on Little Blue's body and bit him with their sharp claws and teeth, an earthen yellow light flashed past.

An extremely terrifying suction force was transmitted from Little Blue's body.

"Pa Pa Pa Pa!"

Under this suction force, the locusts turned into blood like flies that had been hit by a palm.

The blood slowly merged into Xiao Lan's body.

"Woo Woo!"

At this moment, Xiao Lan let out an extremely excited sound again. It opened its bloody mouth again and continued to devour the locusts around it.

It was like a whale that had been hungry for a long time meeting a group of shrimps.

Indeed, the locusts were like shrimps in front of Xiao Lan.

"This..."

When Wang Xian saw this heaven-defying scene, he was astonished.

With his current strength, he had to be cautious when he entered this endless swarm of locusts. Even after Xiao Lan entered, she was still so arrogant!

"This should be the characteristic of a kun. A Kun does not belong to the ocean but to the starry skies. If the space beasts have a level, a Kun is the best existence!"

"This is similar to the dominance of the Divine Dragon clan over the sea creatures. Even if a Kun can not rule over the other space beasts, it is impossible to kill a space beast that is weaker than it, even if the number of the other party has reached an unbelievable level!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

If the locusts were replaced by aquatic creatures, Wang Xian would dare to charge over. This was because as long as the level of the aquatic creatures was not higher than him, no matter how many aquatic creatures there were, they would not be able to kill him!

This was the strength and prestige of a race at the peak of the universe.

"What is going on? That Giant Beast seems to be devouring the locusts. They are not in cahoots!"

Everyone below was slightly stunned when they saw the giant beast devouring the locusts, and they let out a sigh of relief.

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately stopped when they saw this!

"Wu Wu!"

In the sky, Little Blue opened its huge mouth and devoured the locusts every ten seconds. Each time it did so, tens of millions of locusts would be devoured.

In addition, countless space locusts were lying on Xiao Lan's body and attacking him continuously.

Only when the khaki energy on Xiao Lan's body vibrated and when he opened his mouth could they sense that he was still alive. Otherwise, at a glance, they would think that he had been devoured by the space locusts!

Xiao Lan's sudden appearance caused the space locusts to target Xiao Lan.

Countless space locusts surrounded little blue in the void.

On Earth, when everyone saw this barbaric scene, they opened their mouths slightly!

"Is this the universe's starry sky? This is a heaven-defying space behemoth, an endless sea of insects!"

"No wonder they can't cross the Void before reaching the god realm. This is too terrifying!"

They all raised their heads to look at the sky, their hearts trembling!

"Look, that space beast seems to have doubled in size!"

An hour had passed, and many people's necks were stiff. However, at this time, they discovered that the space beast that had just appeared had doubled in size.

The number of locusts that had been devoured by the space beast was at least tens of billions.

Now, the Space Beast's size had doubled, and the increase in size made the aura on the space beast even more terrifying.

Moreover, the devouring speed had increased by two to three times.

"This... how terrifying is Xiao Lan's strength now?"

Wang Xian was floating in the sky above the Dragon Palace. Looking at Xiao Lan who had increased in size, his face was filled with shock.

With the doubling of his size, the increase in his strength was not as simple as doubling.

With a huge body of 200 kilometers, if he were to hit the earth, he would be able to send the earth flying!

"What kind of monster is that? How can it be so terrifying? !"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang, who was in the North Pole divine tomb, sensed the change in the void. He was shocked.

His pupils constricted as he stared at little blue in the starry sky in fear.

Ever since he obtained the god Lord's inheritance, this was the first time he felt a sense of fear, a strong sense of fear.

It was as if the other party was his natural enemy!

"Why do I feel that before I become a god Lord, I'm not a match for that Space Beast. I hope that fellow can leave this place as soon as possible!"

His pupils constricted as he muttered. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Ji Ji, Ji Ji!"

At this moment, about three-fifths of the massive swarm of locusts in the void had already been reduced.

The locusts finally realized how terrifying little blue was. They let out panicked cries as they fled towards the void.

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue saw that the food wanted to escape, so it naturally did not agree. It opened its huge mouth and started to devour the food.

"Ji Ji Ji!"

The locusts that were close to little blue were devoured, while the locusts that were further away were fleeing for their lives.

Xiao Lan swayed her current size of more than 200 kilometers and chased after her. She soon disappeared from everyone's sight!