Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2004: In 2004, all the female gods had become gods

"Hu, let's go. The space locusts have left, and so has that giant beast!"

In the void, the countless space locusts were frantically fleeing. When the incomparably terrifying space beast chased after them and left, everyone let out a heavy sigh!

"That space beast is too terrifying. It was actually able to cause the space locusts that covered the sky to flee. If it wasn't for that Space Beast, we might have been finished!"

"I didn't expect the chaotic starfield to be so terrifying. That space beast can probably destroy Earth, right?"

"I wonder if Dragon King and the others can fight against that space beast, there's actually such a huge beast in this universe!"

"Dragon King and the others can't either, the space locusts that filled the sky were actually swallowed by a space beast, that beast is too strong!"

Everyone had looks of relief as they discussed. The appearance of the space locusts and space beasts gave them a hint of understanding of this universe.

Soon, some people looked at the energy pillar above the north pole divine tomb.

They knew that it was all because of this energy pillar that attracted so many space locusts.

That energy pillar could be said to be the main culprit!

"I wonder what happened in the North Pole Divine Tomb!"

Some people thought.

"All members of the Dragon Palace, take all the bodies of the space locusts to the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded.

The members of the Dragon Palace flew down and collected the bodies of the space locusts.

"Although these space locusts are not as evil as some demon beasts, they are demigod-level creatures after all. The materials and flesh on their bodies are rare treasures!"

"The Dragon Palace must have killed at least billions of space locusts. They have made a fortune this time!"!

At this moment, the disciples who followed the gods looked at the corpses on the ground with envy. This was an extremely precious treasure to them.

"Xiao Ran, Your Dragon Gate Academy should collect around 100 million locusts'corpses!"

"Yes, Prime Minister Gui!"

At this moment, two more voices rang out in the sky.

Dragon Gate Academy had participated in this battle, and the Four Gods of Dragon Gate Academy had each killed at least 10 million evil spirits.

"Dragon Gate Academy has obtained 100 million dead bodies. This... even if Dean Xiao and the others take out some, it will be enough to greatly improve Dragon Gate Academy!"

"Hiss, this... Dragon Gate Academy has the Dragon Palace behind it, and it will only become stronger and stronger in the future. Now, it seems that joining Dragon Gate Academy is the best choice. Unfortunately, it is a little difficult to join Dragon Gate Academy Now!"

Envious voices sounded one after another. However, the students and disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy revealed excited expressions on their faces.

They were undoubtedly number one now.

"This Xiao Lan has chased into the void. I wonder when she will return!"

Wang Xian was floating in the sky above the Dragon Palace. Looking at Xiao Lan who had completely disappeared, he frowned slightly!

Xiao Lan was a Kun raised by Qing Yue after all. Sometimes, it might not listen to him.

Moreover, Wang Xian was unable to summon Xiao Lan back directly.

"Looks like I can only summon Xiao Lan back when Qing Yue Returns!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly.

Even if the Kun raised by the Master of the Kun was thousands of light years away, the Kun would rush over as soon as it was summoned.

As for Xiao Lan, she wouldn't be able to run for long.

Based on the instinct of the Kun and Xiao Lan's current strength, it would require the strength of a god master to kill it.

"Dragon King, we have harvested quite a lot this time. There are at least five billion dead bodies of the space locusts. The lowest level of the space locusts has reached the level of a demigod!"

At this moment, Prime Minister GUI came over to report excitedly.

"These locusts are too low in converting Dragon Blood!"

Wang Xian looked at these locusts. They were the lowest level creatures of the same level, so the conversion rate of dragon blood was much lower.

"Dragon King, I tried it just now. Although it's very low, 100 million dead bodies are enough for our current members of the Dragon Palace to ignite the Divine Fire!"

"This group of space locusts can double the strength of our Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui said excitedly!

"Oh? That's not bad at all!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he revealed a hint of excitement.

The Dragon Transformation Pool of the Dragon Palace had fused with the characteristics of the insect nest of the insect race. It was indeed heaven-defying when it was upgraded.

Now, he could understand why the bloodline of the insect race could only be considered as ordinary in the universe. They were able to perish together with the Divine Dragon Race, the peak race of the universe!

The speed of the bug race's advancement was too terrifying. As long as there were enough resources, a bug race army could be quickly formed.

"Fortunately, the bug race has already perished!"

He thought to himself.

The great battle ended so abruptly, and very quickly, members of the Dragon Palace brought billions of spoils of war to the Dragon Palace.

Inside the dragon transformation pool, strands of dragon blood that were emitting a huge amount of energy flowed into it.

"When Earth reaches the boundless galaxy, the Dragon Palace will have more than a hundred gods who can ignite the divine fire!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He was even more confident about stepping into the boundless galaxy. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao Nu's figure appeared beside Wang Xian.

"HMM? Ao Nu, why are you here?"

Wang Xian had arranged for ao nu to stay on the transcendence continent to take care of Guan Shuqing and the other girls. When he saw that Wang Xian had returned, he was slightly surprised.

"Dragon King, the dragon queens are already preparing to ignite the divine fire. Let Ao nu call out to you, Dragon King!"

Ao nu reported to him.

"Ignite the Divine Fire? So Fast?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A look of astonishment appeared on his face.

"Let's go. We'll head there immediately!"

Without any hesitation, he rushed towards the extraordinary mainland.

After entering the extraordinary mainland, Wang Xian arrived at the center of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire with a few teleportations.

At the peak of the Ao 'Tian Mountain in the former Ao 'Shan Empire.

When Wang Xian had just rushed over, he saw eleven figures floating in the sky.

Back then, they had discovered a powerful formation at the peak of the Ao 'Tian Mountain. There were eleven futons there.

Shu Qing Yue and the others, who had been cultivating in seclusion for more than a year now, already possessed the ability to ignite the divine fire.

The eleven of them floated in the sky, their bodies emitting an incomparably terrifying pressure.

Countless people in the surrounding area looked at this scene, which was like a miracle. Their faces were filled with reverence.

This was becoming a god!

Moreover, it was their continent's Empress and a group of Empire's elders who ignited the divine fire together.

"They are still lacking the divine kingdom when they lit the divine fire. Fortunately, the Dragon Palace has prepared the divine kingdom for them in advance!"

Wang Xian looked at the saintly figures of Shu Qing Qing Yue and the rest of the girls. A smile appeared on his face.

In the Dragon Palace, he had built a dragon Queen Palace for the girls. He had modified it with the Dragon Cave and added the powerful materials from the other divine kingdoms.

It was much stronger than the ordinary divine kingdoms.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the divine kingdoms flew out one by one!

Buzz

At this moment, the sounds of Heaven and earth rang out. Wisps of divine fire appeared above their heads!

The divine fire was ignited!