Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2005: In 2005, I am the dust

"Our Empress and the elders are about to become gods!"

"Not long ago, it seemed like the Dragon King became a god. Now, the Empress and the others have become gods. There are eleven gods!"

"Is our transcendence continent about to enter the era of Pantheon?"

"Once the Empress and the others become gods, the continent will be more unified!"

"Look, the Dragon King is there!"

Around the peak of the Proud Heaven Mountain, every citizen of the dragon-phoenix Empire looked at the Empress and the others who were hovering 10,000 meters in the sky with deep respect.

When they discovered the arrival of the Dragon King, their faces were filled with worship.

The rise of the Dragon King, the might of the Dragon King, the power of the Dragon King, and other such books had been spread throughout the extraordinary continent.

The deeds of the Dragon King had spread to every corner.

Now that they saw the real person, everyone was filled with admiration and respect.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

When Wang Xian threw the divine kingdoms towards them, the divine kingdoms immediately floated above their heads.

In an instant, a powerful divine might enveloped a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers!

Chirp! Chirp

A Phoenix cry was emitted from the mouth of the Phoenix and Phoenix Pass!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Ice-cold roars came from fan Qinglan and Xiao Yu's mouths.

Behind them, the Shadows of divine dragons and phoenixes flickered.

The divine kingdom was raised high above their heads.

The only difference was that behind LAN qingyue, there was an empty black hole. Although the aura was not as vast as Shuqing and Xiao Yu's, it gave people a terrifying depth.

"Woo Woo!"

A Little Blue's excited voice came from the black hole.

The entire heaven and earth phenomenon and the huge aura lasted for a full five minutes.

Below, everyone was already kneeling on the ground and worshiping respectfully.

"Xiao Xian!"

"Brother!"

After the group of girls became gods, they looked at Wang Xian and pounced over excitedly!

"Have you missed US after spending a year outside?"

Guan Shuqing and the rest surrounded Wang Xian and asked with smiles on their faces.

"What do you mean by spending a year outside? I'm here to help your wives, alright? Earth has already taken care of it!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of girls with an innocent look on his face.

"Humph, it better be like this!"

The group of girls glanced at her with disbelief on their faces.

They had no choice. It was his fault for bringing a girl with him every time he went out. They couldn't be blamed for rolling their eyes.

"Hehe, I've already transferred the Dragon Palace to Earth. There's still a level five dragon palace left on the transcendence continent. Let's go to the Dragon Palace on Earth later!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"Sure!"

The group of girls nodded and chirped.

"Congratulations to the Dragon Queen for becoming a god. Congratulations to the eldest princess and General Feng for becoming a god!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui, who had come over after hearing the news, congratulated them!

"Let's inform our family and ask them if they want to continue playing here or go back!"

The group of girls flew towards the foot of the lofty mountain peak where they were cultivating.

"I really didn't expect my daughter to actually become a god!"

Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and Tang Yinxuan's parents walked over excitedly.

Wang Xian greeted them one by one with a smile on his face.

"Fengying, Jian 'er, we'll bring you guys to the planet where we live. It's very fun there too!"

The group of them chatted for a while before Guan Shuqing and the rest spoke to Zhang Fengying, ling, and Jian 'ER.

The two of them had never been to Earth.

They had planned to take them there more than a year ago, but because of their cultivation, they were delayed.

"Okay, I also want to see what kind of place can give birth to a scumbag like Xiaoxian!"

Zhang Fengying said with a smile.

"Hehe, then I'll take you to see it. Sister Fengluan, let's Go Too!"

The group of girls said happily.

They had just become gods, but they had completely transformed and were able to be together with Xiao Xian. Naturally, they were very happy.

Wang Xian stood at the side speechlessly and did not listen to their conversation. He patted Xiao Yu's head and chatted with Feng Lingtian simply.

"Dragon King, come and take a look!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked over and said to Wang Xian in surprise.

"Huh? What's the matter?"

Wang Xian asked in surprise.

"Dragon King, please take a look at this starry sky map!"

Prime Minister Gui brought Wang Xian to the starry sky map again as he spoke.

"Dragon King, take a look. This starry sky map should belong to this star field. This is the starry sky map that we obtained from the Ling Xiao treasured palace from the borderline of the boundless star field to Earth!"

"I realized that the borderline of this boundless star field actually overlaps with the starry sky map of the transcendence continent!"

Prime Minister Gui pointed at the starry sky map on it and took out the starry sky map of the Ling Xiao Palace!

"You mean that the transcendence continent is in the boundless star field?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

"Yes, Dragon King. There's a 90% chance, unless one of the two starry sky maps is wrong!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head affirmatively.

"If that's the case, we can move earth to the side of the transcendence continent in the future!"

Wang Xian was deep in thought.

Connecting the transcendence continent and Earth was a good thing for both planets.

"When the time comes, we can bring Earth to the direction of the transcendence continent!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

"Xiao Xian, let's go back to Earth!"

At this moment, the voices of Shu Qing and the rest came from the side. Wang Xian turned around and nodded his head.

"Alright, let's go back!"

Everyone immediately flew towards Earth.

"I was originally a speck of dust, but now, I can cover the Stars!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were flying towards the Dragon Palace on Earth, a high and mighty voice suddenly rang out in the North Pole of Earth.

The voice was not very loud, but everyone around the god's tomb could hear it clearly.

At the same time, the energy beam that reached the sky in the North Pole of the god's tomb slowly dissipated!

"Haha, this power is enough to sweep across the entire earth and the gods in the Temple of Heaven!"

"This time, even the high and mighty gods have to grovel under my majestic body!"

On the main peak in the center of the god Tomb, Chen Feiyang's face was filled with excitement.

His thousand-meter-long body was like a mountain, and his eyes were as bright as the stars.

"It's time to go out. I will make those who look down on me submit to my feet!"

"When I return to the endless star area, I will make those fellows of my family kneel respectfully by my side!"

He muttered excitedly and slightly clenched his fists.

"Ji Ji!"

His body moved and a pair of wings made of space locusts appeared behind him. He gently flapped his wings and arrived in front of the mountain god Lord.

"Peng!"

"Thank you, master, for your inheritance. In the future, I will definitely spread the word 'Mountain'throughout the entire star area!"

He bowed respectfully, then slowly stood up and walked out of the divine tomb.

As he walked, his body slowly shrank and turned into an ordinary person. The space locusts behind him also disappeared.

"I'm Back!"

He looked outside and muttered. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

I was originally a speck of dust. I disappeared for a year and I'm Back!