Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2006: In 2006, I was originally a speck of dust

"Is this the current earth? Why Do I feel that this planet is emitting waves of vast power, even more vast than the extraordinary continent!"

On the ocean, when the group of girls arrived on Earth, all of them had shocked expressions on their faces.

Even Feng Luan looked at the current Earth with a face full of awe.

In particular, there were a few places that were emitting a power that shocked them!

"Earth is the center of an ancient battlefield. There is a divine tomb in the north and South Pole that even I can't enter. That is the tomb of the Eternal God!"

The girls knew some basic information about Earth from home. Wang Xian said to them.

"Eternal Lord!"

The group of girls were filled with shock. They had just attained the divine throne and couldn't imagine how strong the Eternal Lord would be!

"Let's go. We'll go to the Dragon Palace to rest first. We'll tour Earth after resting for two days!" Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Wang Xian said to them.

The group of girls didn't say anything after hearing his words. Naturally, they knew what resting meant.

"Is this the level six Dragon Palace? It's So Big!"

When they arrived in the sky above the Dragon Palace, the group of girls revealed a look of surprise!

"Oh right, qingyue, Xiao Lan entered the void not long ago. Can you sense it?"

Wang Xian looked at Lan Qingyue and asked her.

"Yes, I can sense everything about Xiao Lan. It is currently playing happily in the void. If I want to call it, it can rush over in an instant. Let it play in the Void!"

Lan qingyue nodded with a smile. "Xiao Lan's current strength is really beyond my expectations!"

"Oh? How Strong is Xiao Lan Now?"

Wang Xian asked curiously.

"I don't know either. Xiao Lan doesn't have any hierarchy. I'm not too sure about the details!"

Lan qingyue shook her head.

Wang Xian nodded and led the group of girls into the Dragon Palace.

"Daddi!"

When Wang Xian and the rest entered the Dragon Palace, Hua'er's voice was heard immediately.

At this moment, Wang Xian could feel a strong killing intent.

The atmosphere turned solemn instantly.

Hua'er and Cai'er also looked at Guan Shuqing and the rest who were beside Wang Xian. She frowned slightly and her eyes were sparkling!

"This... This Is..."

Cold sweat appeared on Wang Xian's forehead. He had forgotten to tell the girls about Hua er and Cai'er in advance.

"I, this... This is your mothers!"

He stammered as he spoke to Hua er and Cai'er.

However, the two girls did roll their eyes at him.

"A bunch of little girls!"

Hua'er pouted as she glanced at Guan Shuqing and the rest of the girls.

This made Guan Shuqing and the rest of the girls'faces turn even darker!

"Come here, tell us what's going on!"

The group of girls walked into the bedroom with a dark face. They glanced at Wang Xian with murderous eyes.

"Hehe, let me explain. It's not what you think!"

Wang Xian said with a bitter face and immediately followed behind them!

"HMPH!"

The two girls snorted coldly at the side. When they saw them entering the bedroom upstairs, they immediately looked at Prime Minister Gui!

"Prime Minister Gui, who are those people?"

Hua'er asked with an unpleasant expression.

"This, Little Princess. Among those people, apart from one of them being the Dragon King's sister, the rest are all the Dragon Queens!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a slight bow.

"Dragon Queens? Are these all the wives of that Big Bastard?"

Hua'er Cai'er widened her eyes and immediately said!

"Ahem, they are the Dragon King's wives. Our Dragon Queen, well, can be considered the Phoenix Empress. There are a total of nine of them!"

Prime Minister Gui replied embarrassedly when he heard Hua'er Cai'er's words.

If others dared to call the Dragon King a big bastard, he might have made a move long ago, but there was nothing he could do. These two were little princesses!

Although they were not real little princesses...

"I didn't expect this big bastard to be a big pervert with nine wives. He... Our father only had one mother back then. This guy..."

Hua Er Cai'er widened her eyes slightly. Her small face was filled with anger.

They had nine more mothers?

How could this be possible!

The two little girls looked at each other in displeasure. Their faces were filled with displeasure.

At this moment, Wang Xian was kneeling on the washboard in his bedroom and explaining righteously.

"The Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the holy church were all destroyed by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. The entire Dragon King of Earth has been suppressed for an entire lifetime!"

In an aerial restaurant in a city, a handsome young man was sitting there. He was holding a cell phone in his hand as he checked the various messages on it. There was a hint of surprise on his face!

"I didn't expect the Dragon King to be so powerful. There are actually dozens of gods in the Dragon Palace. TSK TSK!"

He shook his head gently.

"A Dragon King. Do you want to meet him? It would be a good choice if I could take him as my subordinate!"

He knocked on the table and murmured.

"Taking the Dragon King as my subordinate? Brother, did I hear you right? There is something wrong with your mental state. Are you like dust and stars?"

At this moment, a mocking voice suddenly came from the side.

"Huh?"

The young man raised his eyebrows and looked indifferently at a young man who was mocking him.

There were four or five people sitting beside the young man. At this time, they pointed at him and said in a low voice with some ridicule.

"Dust? Stars? Hehe!"

The young man laughed when he heard his words and said faintly, "I was indeed dust in the past!"

"At least you know your place!"

When the young man in front heard his words, he said with a sneer.

"Hehe, it's a pity that you have to prostrate at the feet of the dust in the past!"

As the young man spoke, he slowly stood up.

"Oh? Why?"

The people on the opposite side slightly raised their eyebrows. The five people directly stood up and looked at him somewhat provocatively.

"Kneel down!"

The young man looked at them indifferently and shouted softly.

"He is indeed crazy..."

Hearing the young man's idiotic words, the five people on the other side laughed. One of them said...

However, before he finished his words, he felt a great terror descending.

They felt as if a mountain was pressing down on them. In an instant, the five people's faces revealed fear and despair.

"Crack Crack Crack!"

Their legs trembled as if they were about to break.

"PLOP PLOP!"

The sound of kneeling could be heard.

"Don't... Don't Kill Us..."

The sound of begging came from their mouths as the five of them growled with fear on their faces.

They even found it extremely difficult to speak.

The young man they mocked stood in front of them like a giant, making them feel extremely small.

"Hehe!"

The young man laughed when he saw them kneeling in front of him.

"My name is Chen Feiyang. Soon, this name will cover the entire star field. Remember it!"

The young man said indifferently as he slowly walked forward, flying in the air.

Chen Feiyang?

The five of them looked at his figure with fear in their eyes.

Around them, in the restaurant in the sky, everyone looked at the five people kneeling there in surprise!