Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2007: In 2007, I was a speck of dust

"I'm going to meet a few friends first. I wonder what kind of expression they will have when they find out about my current strength!"

Ten thousand meters in the air, Chen Feiyang was walking in the air with a smile on his face.

He took a step forward and covered a distance of several hundred kilometers. He was calm and carefree, and his body was emitting an aura of fear towards the world.

"Feiyang, we thought you guys were already dead? Where are you!"

He dialed a number of his former companions and a voice came from the other end!

"Hehe, I'll be there soon. Let's get together!"

Chen Feiyang said calmly.

"I'm participating in the Dragon Gate Academy's Disciple Assessment. Alright, let's not talk about it anymore. The Dragon Gate Academy's assessment officer will be here soon!"

The young man on the phone hurriedly hung up the phone.

"Dragon Gate Academy?"

Chen Feiyang listened to the busy tone on the phone and raised his eyebrows faintly. His gaze swept across his surroundings and his body moved, instantly disappearing!

When his figure appeared, he was already standing at the entrance of a towering academy.

At the entrance was an incomparably huge square. In front of the square stood tens of thousands of people.

Noisy voices rang out. At a glance, all of them were existences above the profound void realm.

Among them were quite a few former disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

Now, after obtaining the corpses of hundreds of millions of space locusts, the Dragon Gate Academy controlled an incomparably terrifying amount of resources.

When the Dragon Gate Academy once again recruited disciples to prepare for the establishment of the fourth branch of the Dragon Gate Academy, countless people came to register to participate.

Today was only the first day of the first batch of assessments.

"Wow, Chen Feiyang, why did you suddenly appear? Did you see me when you were on the phone just now?"

At this moment, a young man suddenly saw Chen Feiyang appear beside him. His face was shocked and he immediately walked over and said to him.

"You Brat, you disappeared for a year. Why? Did you obtain any opportunities?"

The young man walked over, patted Chen Feiyang's shoulder, and said with a smile on his face!

"I got some opportunities!"

Chen Feiyang said indifferently.

"I can go. Are you also here to participate in the exam of Longmen Academy?"

The young man asked him with a smile.

"No, I'm mainly here to see your friend!"

Chen Feiyang shook his head and said indifferently.

"Hey, good brother. Haha, I hope I can join Longmen Academy Today!"

The young man said with a smile and patted his shoulder heavily. "Speaking of which, you're so much more handsome. TSK, TSK, I'm really envious!"

"Move, move, move!"

At this moment, a voice came from behind.

Everyone around was slightly stunned and quickly looked over.

"The sixth divine son, Ling Xingchen. It's him. I didn't expect him to join the Lingxiao Treasured Palace!"

"Hiss, this is the sixth divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. He should be at the third or fourth level demigod now, right? I didn't expect him to join the Dragon Gate Academy Too!"

At this moment, the young man beside Chen Feiyang let out a shocked voice. The surrounding people were also surprised when they saw him.

After all, the one who came was the divine son of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace. Even though Ling Xiao was broken, his strength was still above everyone else.

"With Ling Xingchen's strength, he can easily join the Dragon Gate Academy. Feiyang, let's move aside!"

The youth beside Chen Feiyang pulled at him.

"Oh? Feiyang, quickly move aside!"

The youth noticed that Chen Feiyang was not moving at all and said anxiously!

"Why should we move aside?"

Chen Feiyang looked at the youth with a face full of smiles.

Why should we move aside?

Why did he, Chen Feiyang, come here to obtain the inheritance of the Eternal God Lord?

Of course, it was to look down on everything from above!

Why did he come here?

Naturally, it was to show off!

If he didn't show off after obtaining the opportunity, what meaning would it have?

To travel at night in embroidered clothes? It didn't exist!

In the past, when he met the divine son of the Lingxiao treasured palace, he had to bow respectfully. Now?

The other party had to kneel at his feet!

When the young man heard Chen Feiyang's words, he was slightly stunned. His face was filled with astonishment. He felt that this friend of his had changed!

"Those in front, get out of the way immediately!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Right at this moment, a voice with a hint of berating could be heard.

The young man's expression changed slightly. He pulled Chen Feiyang's arm once again. "Feiyang, get out of the way. We can't afford to Offend You!"

Chen Feiyang ignored him and looked indifferently at the crowd behind him!

"Oh? What is this fellow trying to do? He actually dares to block ling Xingchen's Path!"

"Even the ordinary disciples of Longmen Academy have to give Ling Xingchen some face, right? is that guy stupid enough to stand in his way and look for trouble?"

The surrounding crowd saw Chen Feiyang, who happened to be in the middle, and said in a low voice!

"No one has the right to make me move!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang slightly raised his head and looked coldly at Ling Xingchen and the others behind him.

His high and mighty tone caused everyone to be slightly shocked!

"Oh? Who Are You?"

At the back, Ling Xingchen was slightly stunned when he heard Chen Feiyang's words. His gaze was ice-cold as he looked at Chen Feiyang, who was somewhat pretentious!

"He's just an ordinary small fry!"

Chen Feiyang said indifferently.

However, everyone around could hear that this fellow was extremely pretentious!

"Since you're just a small fry, then scram!"

When Ling Xingchen heard his words, his pupils constricted. A powerful aura that belonged to the demigod level directly charged towards Chen Feiyang.

"Plop!"

However, at this moment, Ling Xingchen's expression was extremely shocked. His body could not help but kneel towards the ground!

A muffled sound caused him to directly kneel in front of Chen Feiyang. His face was filled with fear as he stared at Chen Feiyang in disbelief!

"No one has the right to make me scram!"

Chen Feiyang's calm voice rang out once again.

At this moment, everyone's faces were filled with shock.

They stared at Chen Feiyang in shock!

"What... What's going on?"

"It's that young man. His strength is definitely much stronger than Ling Xingchen. Hiss, no wonder he dares to be so disdainful towards Ling Xingchen!"

"Who is he? How come I've never heard of this number one expert!"

The surrounding people revealed expressions of shock. The young man standing beside Chen Feiyang opened his mouth slightly, his face filled with shock!

Hearing the surrounding voices and seeing the shock of his friends beside him, the corners of Chen Feiyang's mouth curled up slightly.

This was an expert!

All of this had just begun!

He wanted to shock the entire world!

"Everyone, quiet down!"

Right at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the entrance of Longmen Academy.

"The powerhouse of Longmen Academy has come out!"

At this moment, everyone's heart skipped a beat, and they hurriedly looked forward.

"Feiyang, I didn't... I didn't expect that you would actually obtain an opportunity!"

The young man at the side whispered to him with a face full of shock.

Chen Feiyang faintly nodded his head, but there wasn't the slightest change on his face.

The Young Man's heart was extremely shaken, and his gaze also looked towards the front of the Academy!

In front of the Dragon Gate Academy, more than ten figures were floating there. In the middle of them was Liu Mengxin, who was wearing a pure white skirt!

"Look, Feiyang, that's Liu Mengxin. Back then, she was quite outstanding in the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, but now she's even more beautiful. She's dean Xiao's younger sister, and her strength has already reached the peak of the demigod realm. She's a Goddess!"

"I heard that countless people are pursuing her now. TSK TSK, I don't have a chance. Feiyang, you've obtained an opportunity, so you might have a chance. She's the type you like!"

The young man looked at Liu Mengxin in the middle, and a fiery light flashed in his eyes.

"Oh? Peak of the demigod realm, she's indeed becoming more and more beautiful!"

Chen Feiyang looked at Liu Mengxin and raised his eyebrows.

Liu mengxin naturally knew that even in the past, with his strength, she was still a goddess to him.

Not to mention that she had reached peak-stage demigod and had a god as her brother!

But now!

The corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"She's barely worthy of me!"