Chapter 2008: 2008 took over the sky

"Barely worthy of me!"

A proud sentence came out of Chen Feiyang's mouth.

The young man widened his eyes when he heard his words. The corner of his mouth could not help but Twitch. He felt that Chen Feiyang was a little arrogant!

"Feiyang, this is Dean Xiao's sister. Dean Xiao is the only disciple of the Dragon King. If you can marry her, you will be rich!"

The young man said to Chen Feiyang speechlessly.

"It's her honor that I like her!"

However, the words that came next made the young man widen his eyes again.

He turned to Chen Feiyang with a bitter smile and said, "Brother, I know you have a fortuitous encounter, but you can't be so pretentious!"

"Hehe!"

The corner of Chen Feiyang's mouth curled up slightly. He stared at Liu Mengxin who was in the sky above the gate of the Dragon Gate Academy and stepped forward!

His speed was very fast. The young man only felt his figure move before he directly disappeared before his eyes.

When he looked forward, he immediately saw Chen Feiyang who was hovering in the air in front of him.

He opened his mouth slightly!

"Eh?"

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared in the air above the entrance of Longmen Academy. He was staring at the disciples of Longmen Academy from afar, causing everyone to be slightly stunned.

Liu Mengxin looked over in surprise when she saw Chen Feiyang suddenly appear.

The current Liu Mengxin was the biological sister of God Xiao Ran, and she had the strength of a peak demigod. She was even able to enter the Dragon Palace freely and was able to speak with the Dragon King.

Her status on Earth was unusually noble. It would not be long before she could ignite the divine fire.

It wasn't an exaggeration to call her a goddess.

Chen Feiyang floated in front of Liu Mengxin and sized her up. His face was filled with admiration and satisfaction.

"Not bad, not bad!"

He commented indifferently!

"Is this guy courting death?"

Although Chen Feiyang had seen how he easily suppressed Ling Xingchen and the others, he was now teasing Dean Xiao's sister.

On Earth, this was simply courting death!

"Kid, you're courting death. I think you don't Want Your Eyes Anymore!"

Beside Liu Mengxin, a few disciples saw Chen Feiyang standing in front of them. His words were frivolous, and their faces revealed a cold expression.

A middle-aged man waved his arm, and a stream of flames directly attacked him!

"Weng!"

Chen Feiyang waved his arm, and the flames were instantly extinguished.

"What?"

The group of Longmen Academy disciples were slightly shocked, and their eyes stared at Chen Feiyang warily.

The group of people who had come to participate in the assessment were also slightly shocked!

"Is this young master here to participate in our Longmen Academy's assessment, or is he here to deliberately cause trouble!"

Liu Mengxin stared at Chen Feiyang, and asked with a frown.

"Not bad, you have the qualifications to become MY WOMAN!"

Chen Feiyang didn't answer her question, and the corners of his mouth curled up as he spoke.

Weng

As soon as he finished speaking, his figure moved and instantly appeared beside Liu Mengxin.

Just as Liu Mengxin's face was filled with shock, a hand grabbed her waist.

"You Lecher, stop right there!"

Liu Mengxin cried out in shock. Her expression changed slightly, and her entire body trembled as the strength of a peak-stage demigod was emitted.

"Haha, not bad, not bad. With the cultivation of a peak-stage demigod, you should be able to ignite the divine fire very soon!"

Chen Feiyang laughed loudly. The Aura on Liu Mengxin's body had no effect on him at all.

"What?"

"Let go of our teacher Liu!"

The expressions of the surrounding disciples of Longmen Academy changed drastically when they saw this scene. They immediately shouted.

"You... Let Go of me. Otherwise, my brother will not let you off!"

Liu Mengxin was caught by Chen Feiyang. Her face was slightly red and filled with anger.

"Is it that Xiao ran? Haha, let alone Xiao Ran, even if the Dragon King came, it would be useless!"

Chen Feiyang said with a wanton smile, his face full of strong confidence.

His words caused everyone around to reveal shocked expressions.

"Feiyang he... he..."

Below, when the young man saw this scene, his face was full of shock! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Which reckless thing dares to cause trouble in our Dragon Gate Academy!"

At this moment, a powerful and dignified voice sounded from within Dragon Gate Academy!

"Big Brother Shenfeng, save me!"

Liu Mengxin immediately cried out for help when she heard the voice.

"It's the vice principal of shenfeng, the God who ignited the divine fire!"

"The young master of the Protoss race in the past is now a god whose strength is comparable to two wisps of divine fire!"

"That young man isn't simple either. He can easily control goddess Liu mengxin, who is at the peak of the demigod realm. His strength has probably reached the deity realm as well!"

Sounds of astonishment rang out as a mysterious young man suddenly appeared. His powerful strength made goddess Liu Mengxin unable to move.

"Boom!"

Hearing Liu Mengxin's cry for help, a vast wave of pressure rushed over!

"Oh? A resurrected deity?"

Chen Feiyang looked over, a hint of interest appearing on his face.

"Hum!"

He gently raised his palm and slowly descended towards the divine peak that was flying over.

A five-fingered mountain appeared in the sky and headed towards the divine peak to suppress it.

"Are you courting death? Do you know who you have captured?"

When the divine peak saw that the other party actually dared to attack him, a cold expression appeared on his face as he shouted sternly.

At the same time, he waved his arm and a violent wave of energy attacked the five-fingered mountain.

"Boom!"

However, when his attack landed on the Five Finger Mountain, a shocked expression appeared on his face.

His attack was instantly suppressed, and the Five Finger Mountain continued to press down on him!

"Break for me!"

At this moment, God Peak erupted with all his strength, and an even more terrifying attack attacked the five finger mountain.

"Buzz!"

However, what shocked him was that even when his attack landed on the Five Finger Mountain, there was still not the slightest fluctuation.

"Boom!"

Suddenly, the Five Finger Mountain suddenly accelerated and directly pressed towards him.

With a muffled loud sound, the five finger mountain that was 1,000 meters in size landed in front of Dragon Gate Academy. At the position below, Shen Feng was directly suppressed below.

His face was pale and filled with disbelief.

"This strength... This is impossible!"

Shen Feng muttered, filled with disbelief.

"What?"

At this moment, everyone's faces were filled with shock.

The Divine Peak God of Dragon Gate Academy was actually easily suppressed by a single palm. This...

"You... What do you want to Do?"

Liu Mengxin's expression changed drastically when she saw Chen Feiyang's terrifying strength. She stared at him and asked.

"What do I want to Do?"

Chen Feiyang slightly raised his head and looked at the sky, overlooking everything around him!

"I, Chen Feiyang, the heir of the Eternal God Lord, am going to take over this sky, Hahaha!"

As he spoke, he laughed wildly. In the sky above him, an incomparably huge mountain faintly appeared, suppressing the entire sky!

The heir of the Eternal God Lord?

Take over this sky?