Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2009: I shouldn’t have been so arrogant in 2009

"The inheritor of the Eternal God Lord? Is... is this for real?"

At the gate of Dragon Gate Academy, when everyone heard Chen Feiyang's words, shock appeared on their faces.

They stared blankly at the Divine Peak God suppressing the gate of Dragon Gate Academy, and couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

"The inheritance of the eternal God Lord! Someone actually obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord! This is the eternal God Lord! How is this possible! ?"

Everyone was extremely shocked. More and more people were gathering around the city.

Feeling the terrifying pressure from Chen Feiyang, everyone's faces were filled with fear.

This was especially so when Chen Feiyang used his palm to suppress the Divine Peak God. No one doubted that his words were fake.

"Eternal God Lord? You... you..."

When Liu Mengxin heard his words, her face was filled with shock as she stared at him in disbelief.

"Hehe, how is it? Don't you feel honored?"

Chen Feiyang looked at Liu Mengxin with a smile on his face!

"All of you, go and inform all the gods in Dragon Gate Academy. Also, inform the Dragon King to have all of them come and worship me!"

As he spoke, he looked down and said faintly.

"I will wait for them here!"

Chen Feiyang said as he held Liu Mengxin's waist and flew directly towards the highest principal's Office of Dragon Gate Academy.

"Hiss, this... to have the Dragon King come to worship him, what a big tone!"

"How confident is he to have the Dragon King and the others come to worship him? Is this the confidence that the eternal god Lord passed down to him?"

"To be able to easily suppress a god with one palm, it seems extremely easy. Just how strong is he?"

Everyone was shocked when they saw Chen Feiyang and Liu Mengxin fly into the Dragon Gate Academy to wait for the Dragon King and the others.

No one expected that someone would actually obtain the inheritance of the eternal God Lord.

This news quickly spread on the internet. When everyone saw the god peak God being suppressed at the foot of the Five Finger Mountain, they were slightly dazed.

"This person is called Chen Feiyang. He was once a disciple of the Lingxiao treasured palace. He disappeared for a year. I didn't expect him to be so powerful now!"

"Back then, Chen Feiyang was very weak. Now, he can easily suppress a god. The inheritance of an ordinary God is definitely not this powerful. It seems that he really obtained the inheritance of the god Lord!"

"Eternal God Lord. Currently, only the two tombs in the north and south poles are known to be the Divine Kingdom of the Eternal God Lord. Did he come from one of these two tombs, or?"

Soon, someone on the internet dug out the information about Chen Feiyang, which shocked many people.

From a small figure at the insightful void level, he could easily suppress the gods after going missing for a year. This was definitely the inheritance of the eternal God Lord.

However, no one knew how powerful Chen Feiyang was now.

At the other two academies of Dragon Gate Academy, Consort Ji ran and another god, Tian Yuanzi, who had received the news, immediately rushed over.

At the same time, in the sky above the Dragon Palace, nine beautiful figures were floating there with a hint of frost on their faces.

"Let's go out and relax. Let that pervert reflect on himself!"

The nine of them were Guan Shuqing and the rest of the women who came out from the Dragon Palace's bedroom. At this moment, their expressions were extremely cold.

Although Wang Xian had explained to them earlier, would they believe the words of this pervert?

In a fit of anger, the nine women flew out of the Dragon Palace.

"Where should we go first? Now that Earth and land have become one, even we feel unfamiliar!"

Lan Qingyue looked around and said faintly!

"I still have a little disciple here. Let's go find her first and let her show us around!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Sun Lingxiu looked at the group of girls and said.

"Is it that girl Mengxin? Alright, let's go and take a look. Speaking of which, we haven't seen each other for more than ten years. That girl should have grown up by now!"

Guan Shuqing and the rest nodded immediately.

"Let's go. I can still sense the aura of my little disciple!"

Sun Lingxiu said with a smile. The nine girls immediately teleported away.

"Sigh!"

In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian shook his head speechlessly as he watched the nine girls leave.

"Why don't they believe what I Said? I'm telling the truth!"

Wang Xian felt a headache coming on. At this moment, he didn't dare to provoke the girls.

It would be fine if it was just one of them, but he could force them to beg for forgiveness. But now, it was a group of girls!

Especially since they were still united.

"Forget it, forget it. It's better to hide now!"

Wang Xian muttered softly. He was not worried about the safety of the few girls. With Lan Qingyue around, no one could hurt them.

Furthermore, no one dared to provoke the Dragon Palace!

He moved and immediately flew towards the Dragon King's palace.

...

"What exactly do you want?"

In the principal's office at the center of the Dragon Gate Academy, Liu Mengxin was sitting in front of a table. She looked at Chen Feiyang, who was full of arrogance, and asked with an embarrassed expression.

"Didn't I say it? Take over the entire sky. For your sake, as long as your brother and the Dragon King Worship Me, I will not make things difficult for them!"

Chen Feiyang slightly raised his head and looked at Liu Mengxin indifferently.

"With just you, even if you obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord, you're still not a match for teacher!"

Liu Mengxin said with a dark face.

"Hahahaha, then wait a while, I'll let you see how the Dragon King kneels in front of me!"

Chen Feiyang said with a laugh.

"Oh? Coming, only three?"

At this moment, he gently raised his eyebrows and looked outside!

"Dean!"

Outside, Tian Yuanzi, Xiao ran, and Ji Lingfei arrived above the second Dragon Gate Academy.

They looked at the divine peak that was suppressed at the entrance, and their expressions were somewhat solemn.

"Save the Divine Peak!"

As Xiao ran spoke, the three of them immediately moved and attacked the thousand-meter-wide five finger mountain.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The three attacks landed on the five-finger mountain. However, what shocked them the most was that the five-finger mountain did not move at all.

"What?"

"Rise!"

Xiao ran's expression changed slightly. He waved his arm and the eight divine fire pagoda in his hand crashed towards the five-finger mountain.

"Boom!"

There was a loud sound. However, what made Xiao ran's expression extremely grave was that the five-finger mountain still did not move at all.

"Hiss, this..."

His pupils constricted slightly, and Tian Yuanzi and Ji Lingfei's expressions also changed slightly.

"Divine Peak, you have to suffer here for a while!"

They looked at each other and immediately flew towards the center of the Academy.

"This mountain is so terrifying that even Dean Xiao and the others can't break it?"

"Hiss, looks like the Dragon King is going to make a move. I just don't know if the Dragon King and the others are a match for this Chen Feiyang!"

When everyone around saw this scene, their expressions changed drastically.

"With just you guys, you won't be able to break my mountain suppression!"

In the center of Dragon Gate Academy, when Xiao ran and the others had just flown over, the window automatically opened and Chen Feiyang's faint voice sounded.