Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2010: I shouldn’t have been so arrogant in 2010

"What do you want to Do?"

Xiao ran heard the voice and immediately looked into the room. When he saw that Liu Mengxin was not in danger, he heaved a sigh of relief.

His gaze was fixed on Chen Feiyang, and his eyes were filled with coldness.

"Xiao ran, right? Where's your master, the Dragon King? Let him come and worship me. In the future, this star field will respect me!"

Chen Feiyang looked at Xiao ran and the other two calmly and said faintly.

"Worship You? You Can't afford it!"

When Xiao ran heard his words, a dense expression appeared on his face. He slowly lifted the eight divine fire pagoda in his hand!

"Hehe, you're too stubborn. I'll teach you a lesson!"

When Chen Feiyang heard his words, he raised his hand. A five-fingered mountain appeared in the sky above Xiao ran. The thousand-meter-wide five-fingered mountain emitted a heavy aura as it directly pressed down on him.

"Stop!"

Liu mengxin, who was sitting there, had a slight change in her expression. A bright arrow appeared in front of her and directly attacked Chen Feiyang.

Chen Feiyang glanced indifferently at Liu Mengxin. "No one can defy me!"

"Bang!"

The terrifying five-fingered mountain fell towards Xiao ran, causing his expression to change drastically.

The eight Divine Fire Pagoda in his hand released a terrifying flame as it attacked the five mountains.

However, the flames did not leave any traces on the five mountains. This caused Xiao ran's expression to change drastically.

Tian Yuanzi, Ji Lingfei, immediately made his move. The five mountains remained unmoved.

"Oh no, his strength is too terrifying!"

Ji lingfei shouted in fear, "No, we have to contact teacher immediately!"

"Boom!"

The five mountains descended and Xiao ran was directly suppressed below. His face was completely pale.

When the surrounding people who had been paying attention to this scene saw this, they once again took a deep breath. They were filled with shock.

Another casual attack had suppressed principal Xiao, who was holding a divine weapon!

"Is Chen Feiyang's strength invincible?"

Everyone looked at this scene in shock.

When this scene was spread on the Internet, the entire world was boiling!

The inheritor of the Eternal God Lord was so terrifying!

At this moment, some people were shaken. Perhaps the inheritor of the eternal God Lord could suppress the Dragon Palace!

"Too weak!"

Chen Feiyang looked at Xiao ran who was being suppressed and said indifferently.

"Let go of my brother!"

Liu Mengxin roared with fury in her eyes! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"If they all submit to me, I'll naturally let them go!"

Chen Feiyang glanced at Liu Mengxin and said indifferently.

"Principal ji, we can only inform the Dragon King Now!"

Tian Yuanzi took a deep breath when he saw this scene and looked at Chen Feiyang with a face full of fear.

Ji Lingfei nodded slowly!

"Buzz!"

Just as she was about to inform the Dragon King, the surrounding void trembled slightly.

"Oh? The Dragon King has received the News?"

Tian Yuanzi immediately looked over with a hint of joy in his eyes!

"Is he here?"

Chen Feiyang also narrowed his eyes slightly and looked towards the direction where the void was shaking.

Soon, figures appeared in their sight one by one.

"Eh? Something seems to have happened here?"

A surprised voice was heard. Guan Shuqing and the other nine figures appeared and looked around.

"Eh?"

Chen Feiyang looked at the nine extremely beautiful women who suddenly appeared and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"Master's wife, master's wife!"

Xiao ran, who was suppressed underground, raised his head and saw their figures. He was slightly stunned and immediately shouted!

"Master!"

When Liu Mengxin saw Sun Lingxiu, her expression was slightly dazed. She also immediately shouted.

"Oh?"

Chen Feiyang looked over and sized up Guan Shuqing and the others.

"Little Xiao ran!"

"What happened?"

Guan Shuqing and the others were slightly stunned. They looked at Xiao ran, who was being suppressed, and frowned.

Lan qingyue waved her hand casually. However, she found that the Five Finger Mountain did not move at all. Surprise appeared in her eyes.

A special khaki-colored power on her body shook slightly and shook toward the Five Finger Mountain.

"Buzz!"

A special power directly moved the mountain to the side!

"A godly state expert!"

Chen Feiyang was surprised when he saw Lan Qingyue move his mountain away.

"Thank you, Mistress!"

Xiao ran let out a sigh of relief when he got away from the mountain. He glanced at his mistress and a few unfamiliar figures and bowed.

"Mengxin, come here!"

Sun Lingxiu waved her arm and a powerful light force was drawn toward Liu Mengxin. With a flash of light, it immediately caught her in front of him.

"Master!"

Liu Mengxin excitedly grabbed Sun Lingxiu's arm and shouted.

"What happened?"

Guan Shuqing coldly glanced at Dusts Feiyang and asked Xiao ran and the others.

"The Dragon King's wife? I asked the Dragon King to come and worship me, and you girls came?"

Dusts Feiyang slightly raised his head and did not stop Sun Lingxiu and the others. He said coldly.

He had lost some of his patience.

"Worship you. What qualifications do you have?"

Guan Shuqing coldly spoke to him as the aura of a god erupted from her body!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the other girls also coldly stared at Chen Feiyang. Their faces were filled with ice-cold expressions.

The girls'current strength was enough to contend against two wisps of divine fire.

This was especially true for fan Qinglan and Lan Qingyue. Fan Qinglan had a special bone dragon body, and Lan Qingyue, as an ancient god Feeding Kun master, was also extremely terrifying.

The two of them were able to contend against or even kill three wisps of divine fire gods.

Terrifying auras soared into the sky and charged towards the dust.

In an instant, the entire sky was filled with wind and clouds, and the faint image of a divine dragon appeared.

"Who are the nine beautiful figures that suddenly appeared?"

"This... Dean Xiao actually called them master's wife. Are they the Dragon King's wives? Hiss, the nine figures all burst out with the power of the Divine Realm!"

"I didn't expect that the Dragon King's wives had already ignited the divine fire. Are they here to suppress that dust flying around?"

In the surrounding areas, some people noticed the sudden appearance of the illusory figures in the middle of the Dragon Gate Academy, and their faces revealed astonishment.

Nine beautiful figures, the Dragon Queen? This caused everyone to be slightly stunned.

However, as they felt the powerful divine might, they were all extremely shocked.

"Hahaha, looks like it's really difficult to invite the dragon king over. In that case, I'll announce that today, I'll be taking over this piece of sky!"

"If anyone resists, I'll suppress them. I really want to see what that Dragon King is capable of!"

Chen Feiyang's gaze swept past Guan Shuqing and the other girls with disdain, not paying any attention to their imposing manner.

At the same time, his body moved and he directly floated in the sky above Longmen Academy.

Chen Feiyang spread his arms, and the Divine Dragon Phantom in the sky instantly disappeared.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

At the same time, a sharp and ear-piercing sound rang out, and countless starry locusts flew out from his body and flew in all directions.

In an instant, the starry locusts that blotted out the sun appeared in the void once again.

Seeing this scene, everyone's bodies trembled!