Chapter 2011: I shouldn’t have been so arrogant in 2011

At this moment, everyone on Earth began to tremble again.

The familiar shrill cry covered the entire planet, and the horrifying and ferocious space locusts once again wreaked havoc.

Dust flew in the sky, and countless space locusts flew out of his body and flew around.

One billion, two billion, three billion, four billion, five billion!

Five billion space locusts, each two to three meters in size, blocked the sky.

This scene was very similar to the day when the space locusts rampaged.

Everyone looked at the space locusts in fear.

If it weren't for the appearance of the Space Beast, many people doubted whether the Dragon Palace could resist so many space locusts.

Although there weren't as many space locusts flying out of Chen Feiyang's body as before, there were at least billions of them.

The scene that also covered the sky shocked everyone!

"He must have obtained the inheritance of the North Pole godly tomb. The space panicked and entered the north pole godly tomb through the energy pillar. It turns out that he subdued him!"

"It's him. Chen Feiyang must have obtained the inheritance of the North Pole divine tomb. Oh My God, those starry sky locusts were attracted by him at that time!"

"So the North Pole divine tomb obtained the greatest opportunity from him, the inheritance of the mountain god Lord. Not long ago, a voice rang out from the North Pole divine tomb. I was originally a speck of dust, but now, I've covered the Stars!"

At this moment, some people quickly thought of what had happened when the starry sky locusts had just appeared.

Moreover, the voice from the North Pole divine tomb not long ago immediately made everyone more certain!

The successor of the North Pole Divine Tomb, dust flew in the air.

Back then, the north and South Pole divine tombs had attracted the attention of the entire world. Billions of people from the world had once gone to the north and South Pole divine tombs to seek opportunities.

However, no one had expected that the greatest opportunity of the North Pole Divine Tomb, the successor of the Master God's inheritance, had now been revealed to the world.

Everyone looked at the starry sky that was covered by the space locusts in awe.

At this moment, the world shook.

"He... provoked the Dragon King. He does have the right. He might even take over the sky for real!"

Some people murmured and looked at the sky in shock.

Five billion space locusts. Just this many space locusts required the dragon palace to mobilize all of its strength.

And this was under the condition that Chen Feiyang didn't make a move. If he made a move, wouldn't he be able to suppress the Dragon Palace?

Was he really going to take over the sky?

"Not good. He is the one who obtained the inheritance of the north pole god Tomb, and he has so many space locusts!"

Tian Yuanzi's face changed dramatically when he saw this.

He could feel how small he was in front of these five billion space locusts.

"Oh no!"

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others'faces changed dramatically, and their eyes were filled with a solemn expression.

"Master, be careful. We're not his match!"

Liu Mengxin's heart also sank, and she hurriedly said to Sun Lingxiu.

Sun Lingxiu, Shu Qing, Feng Luan, and the other girls felt the overwhelming pressure, and their faces also revealed a solemn and shocked expression.

This was the first time they were facing so many creatures, and it was also the first time they were facing this space locust.

They could sense that they were absolutely not a match for this space locust.

Even when facing that youth, they had to be extremely fearful.

"What should we do? Call that pervert Little Xian over?"

Guan Shuqing said with a slightly embarrassed expression.

"No need. We don't need to rely on him. HMPH!"

Lan Qingyue's eyes sparkled as she stared at the space locusts in the sky. She snorted coldly.

Clearly, the group of girls had not completely forgiven Wang Xian.

"Sisters, let's enter the Void!"

Lan Qingyue waved her arm. A black hole appeared in front of her and she stepped into it directly!

"Enter!"

The other girls didn't hesitate. They knew Lan Qingyue's ability.

"Follow her!"

Sun Lingxiu said to Liu Mengxin and Xiao ran, and she led mengxin into the black hole.

"Let's Go!"

Xiao ran pulled ji lingfei, who was extremely surprised, and Tian Yuanzi, who was beside her, into the black hole!

"Buzz!"

When they appeared again, they were already in the void above the space locust.

"HMM?"

Chen Feiyang, who had been watching Guan Shuqing and the others from below, raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw them disappear into the black hole!

"Did you run away? Hehe, do you want me to go to the Dragon Palace personally?"

He said indifferently, his voice spreading across the entire sky.

Everyone below opened their mouths slightly and watched in shock.

"Run! You Don't have the right to let us run!"

At this moment, Lan Qingyue's cold voice rang out in the air.

"Hehe, looks like I'll have to completely suppress all of you!"

Chen Feiyang's eyes revealed a cold expression. He raised his head slightly and the space locusts in the sky took the initiative to open up a path.

"Buzz!"

Following that, under everyone's shocked gazes, his body slowly grew larger.

At a speed visible to the naked eye, his body, which was less than two meters long, grew to several thousand meters in size! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

An aura that was as heavy as a mountain and as tall as a mountain was emitted from his body.

His body gave people a feeling that it was like a mountain.

"Ji Ji Ji Ji!"

Tens of millions of space locusts flew behind him and condensed into a pair of enormous locust wings!

Chen Feiyang slowly flew into the void.

"Hiss!"

Below, everyone looked at this scene in horror.

"This posture is really invincible!"

Everyone took a deep breath and stared at the void.

Unfortunately, the space locusts that filled the sky completely covered their vision!

"Bloodline Constitution, my pet loves it the most!"

Lan Qingyue saw Chen Feiyang's body that was thousands of meters long fly hundreds of thousands of meters into the air, and a cold expression appeared on her face!

"Master, that Chen Feiyang is very strong!"

Liu Mengxin saw Chen Feiyang's power and said to Sun Lingxiu with a worried expression!

Sun Lingxiu shook her head at her, indicating that there was no need to worry.

"I don't like to kill women, but I will suppress all of you and the Dragon King!"

Chen Feiyang stared at Guan Shuqing and the others coldly and waved his arm lightly!

"Eternal Mountain!"

With a low roar, an incomparably huge mountain appeared in the void. The mountain was tens of thousands of meters long and was even more terrifying than the one that suppressed Xiao ran and the others!

When they saw this mountain, Xiao ran and the others'faces were filled with solemnity and worry!

"Little Blue, get ready to eat!"

Lan qingyue stared at Chen Feiyang, and her body trembled slightly.

"Wu Wu!"

An incomparably dull sound rang out of thin air. Slowly, a black hole that was over a hundred kilometers in size appeared behind Lan Qingyue.

A terrifying head slowly drilled out of the black hole. It was filled with excitement as it stared at the surrounding space locusts, staring at Chen Feiyang!

Bloodline physique and so on, Kun favorite!