Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2012: 2012 begged for mercy

"Wu Wu!"

In the Void, within a hundred kilometer radius of the black hole, an incomparably huge figure stretched out. After it swept past the space locusts and dust fluttering in the air.

Its gaze looked at Lan Qingyue in front of it and let out a faint coquettish sound.

"You've grown up, you're even a little fat!"

Lan Qingyue's face was full of smiles as she touched the area under its eyelids. A trace of a smile appeared on her face.

When she was in seclusion, Little Blue's body was only dozens of kilometers in size. Now, it was more than 300 kilometers in size!

Moreover, its entire body looked a little bloated and much fatter.

It could be seen that little blue's food was very good during this period of time!

"Soon, it's time to eat again!"

As Lan Qingyue said this, she gently jumped onto Little Blue's body and stared at the stunned dust flying in front of her.

"This... This is little blue? The little blue from before!"

"Hiss, the space beast that day was actually the Dragon King's wife's pet, this..."

At this moment, Tian Yuanzi, Xiao ran, and Ji Lingfei, who were standing at the side, had shocked expressions on their faces.

This was especially so for Tian Yuanzi and Ji Lingfei. This was the first time they had seen Lan Qingyue and the others.

On the day when the space locusts were wreaking havoc, the space beast that had suddenly appeared was actually the pet of the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace!

This news was simply too shocking.

"The Dragon Palace is too heaven-defying. Each and every one of their trump cards is completely unfathomable!"

Tian Yuanzi couldn't help but feel fortunate for his choice at that time. Now, it seemed that even if they were twice as powerful, they might not be able to do anything to the Dragon Palace, let alone the Lingxiao treasured palace and the Sacred Hall.

"Cough Cough!"

However, at this moment, Chen Feiyang, who had a majestic and invincible look on his face, had a drastic change in expression.

He widened his eyes and stared at little blue in front of him in disbelief.

What the hell...

When he was in the divine tomb, he had seen this space beast, especially after it had swallowed hundreds of billions of space locusts.

At that time, he had a strong premonition that he was no match for this space beast.

At that time, the Space Beast's size was only two hundred kilometers, and now it had increased by more than a hundred kilometers!

He would never have thought that this space beast was actually the Dragon King's wife's pet.

This...

"Escape, escape, this is too dangerous, escape into the divine tomb!"

Cold sweat appeared on his forehead. Chen Feiyang was panicking!

He had just received the inheritance of the eternal God Lord, and now he had ignited seven wisps of divine fire. Coupled with his special physique, he was confident that he could look down on everything.

Even if he returned to the boundless star field, he was still a figure in the entire star field.

At that time, everyone in the family who looked down on him would have to kneel respectfully in front of him.

But now, he had encountered such a terrifying existence.

He didn't want to die. It wasn't easy for him to obtain the inheritance of the eternal God Lord!

If he died, he wouldn't be able to rest in peace!

"Eternal Mountain, starry locusts!"

He waved his arm, and the mountain in the sky smashed towards little blue. At the same time, hundreds of millions of starry locusts flew towards little blue.

"Go!"

After releasing his attack, he flapped his huge wings without any hesitation and fled towards the North Pole.

"He escaped..."

Liu mengxin, Tian Yuanzi, Xiao ran, and the others saw Chen Feiyang escape and opened their mouths slightly.

That extremely arrogant guy who wanted to suppress all of them, the inheritor of the Eternal God Lord, actually escaped after attacking.

This was completely different from his invincibility just now.

"Little Blue, don't let him escape!"

Lan qingyue immediately said when she saw that he wanted to escape.

Buzz

Little Blue's body trembled slightly, and the black hole behind him expanded at a terrifying speed.

In a short moment, the black hole instantly covered the entire void, covering all the space locusts and Chen Feiyang's bodies.

"What is this thing?"

When Chen Feiyang was enveloped by the black hole, a shocked expression appeared on his face.

Soon after, everyone felt that they had appeared in another void.

On Earth, when everyone looked at the sky, they instantly realized that everything had disappeared.

The Sky returned to its previous state.

"What happened? Why did everything disappear?"

"What happened in the Void? Why did everything disappear?"

Everyone looked at this scene in shock!

The space locusts that blotted out the sky disappeared, and so did the tall and sturdy Chen Feiyang.

Even the Dragon Queen and Dean Xiao of the Dragon Palace had disappeared!

"Is this the divine ability of the Eternal God Lord?"

Some people murmured.

It was very difficult for a godly state expert to do such a terrifying scene. Only an existence like the eternal god Lord could do it.

"Did Chen Feiyang suppress Dean Xiao and the others, or... ?"

They were full of doubts!

"What... What is this place? What is this place? Wait, wait, don't Attack!"

However, what everyone didn't know was that at this moment, in the Kun region, Chen Feiyang was looking around with a panicked expression.

In a pitch-black void space, there seemed to be no end. In this place, there was only the group of them.

In front of them was that incomparably huge space beast!

Around them were his five billion space locusts!

This was the first time Chen Feiyang had encountered such a place.

After all, he was only a small character at the insightful void realm. He had not experienced too many battles and battles.

He had become a god who had ignited seven wisps of divine fire in a single leap. His knowledge had not increased much.

Even if it was the mountain god Lord's inheritance, he had not completely absorbed it.

At this moment, he was completely panicking.

In the end, he was a nouveau riche who had suddenly erupted!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue did not pay any attention to Chen Feiyang. It opened its mouth slightly, and the entire space trembled slightly.

"Ji Ji Ji, Ji Ji Ji!"

At this moment, the group of starry locusts behind him revealed a terrified expression.

Tens of millions of starry locusts were sucked into Little Blue's mouth! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Damn it, damn it!"

"If you have something to say, say it properly, say it properly!"

Chen Feiyang quickly shouted.

Lan Qingyue and the others stared at him coldly, their faces full of mockery.

"Didn't you want to suppress us?"

Guan Shuqing's lips curled up slightly as she asked indifferently.

"Wu Wu!"

As soon as she finished speaking, the surrounding space trembled again. Xiao Lan let out a joyful sound as hundreds of millions of space locusts flew towards Xiao Lan's mouth.

Chen Feiyang's expression changed drastically as he stared fixedly at Little Blue.

He could feel a thick sense of threat from Little Blue's body.

His gaze swept across the surrounding void as he clenched his fists tightly!

"Everyone, I was wrong. I shouldn't have been so arrogant. Look, I didn't hurt you. Can We... can we shake hands and make peace!"

Chen Feiyang clenched his teeth and said loudly with a dark face.

He didn't want to die because he had just received the god Lord's inheritance. After receiving all the inheritance, he had a lifespan of a million years.

If he died today, he would suffer a great loss!