Chapter 2013: 2013 begged for mercy

It was not that Chen Feiyang was cowardly, but that he was facing a void behemoth like little blue, which made him feel extremely fearful. Now that he was trapped in the void, it was already considered good that he did not shout for mercy!

Having just obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord, he had just started to show off and was about to fall into a life and death situation. This was obviously not what he wanted to see!

"Shake hands and make peace? Didn't you say that you were going to suppress us?"

Guan Shuqing and the others were slightly stunned when they heard Chen Feiyang's words, and they said mockingly.

This was the first time they had met such a cowardly fellow. He wanted to shake hands and make peace even before the fight had officially begun!

"I'm joking, I'm Joking!"

Chen Feiyang felt a little humiliated at this moment. However, when he saw the surrounding space locusts entering little blue's body one after another, his heart ached terribly. He said with a dark face.

"Are you kidding me? If you're kidding me, then we'll suppress you. It's also a joke!"

Sun Lingxiu looked at him and said lightly.

"I... I'm... I'm pursuing him. I didn't hurt her!"

Chen Feiyang said with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"It's useless to say so much. If we kill you, the divine tomb at the North Pole will belong to us!"

"Moreover, Xiao Lan's favorite food is people with a special physique like you!"

Lan qingyue stared at him coldly and said.

"You... Don't force me!"

Chen Feiyang revealed an angry expression when he heard Lan Qingyue's words!

"It's already a life-and-death battle, and you still want to force me? What a childish Guy!"

Feng Luan looked at Chen Feiyang with contempt in her eyes!

Even though her strength was much weaker than Chen Feiyang's, her aura and posture as an expert were much stronger!

This was the posture of an expert who came up from the bottom step by step!

It was fine if Chen Feiyang was in front of the weak, but in front of an expert, there was no foundation.

"Little blue, Attack!"

Lan qingyue lightly shouted.

"Wu Wu!"

A shocking sound was heard. Little Blue stared at Chen Feiyang, and its huge body directly collided with him!

"Don't provoke me. I have a mountain body, and I use my body to cross the void. A Space Beast, do you really think I'm afraid of You?"

Chen Feiyang heard Feng Luan's ridicule and saw little blue who was attacking him. His face revealed a violent expression.

His body size crazily increased once again. His muscles bulged high and his body size reached over 10,000 meters.

His entire person was like a mountain that ran amok in the void.

"Get lost!"

He clenched his fists. His mountain-like arm emitted an earthen yellow light as he heavily met Xiao Lan!

"Boom!"

A terrifying collision sounded. At this moment, Chen Feiyang knew what it meant to be a mantis trying to stop a chariot.

An extremely terrifying power attacked him, and cracks slowly appeared on his arm.

His entire body flew backwards!

"This!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang's face was completely filled with panic.

As the inheritor of the mountain physique, he was most proud of his powerful physical strength.

However, in the face of this space beast, his strongest physical strength was completely crushed.

This caused Chen Feiyang to be completely terrified! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Pu!"

He spat out a mouthful of blood and his body flew backwards.

Little Blue's body trembled. He moved his huge body and continued to attack him.

"I admit defeat. I surrender. I admit defeat. Don't kill me!"

Chen Feiyang looked at Little Blue who continued to attack him and hurriedly shouted!

"Is there any use in begging for mercy?"

Lan Qingyue said indifferently!

"Sisters, I was wrong. I was really wrong. It wasn't easy for me to obtain the god Lord's inheritance. There are still some treasures in the god tomb. I'll give them all to you!"

Chen Feiyang hurriedly dodged to the side and shouted loudly.

However, what made him feel terrified was that this empty space seemed to be a circular shape. He was actually unable to fly out of this space!

This made him even more panicked!

"I surrender, I surrender. Don't kill me, Beauty Liu Mengxin. I didn't hurt you at that time. Tell your master and the others to stop. I admit my mistake!"

Chen Feiyang saw that Lan Qingyue was unmoved. His body once again collided with Little Blue's. He felt an incomparable pain in his chest and immediately shouted loudly!

"This..."

Liu Mengxin looked at Chen Feiyang's pathetic escape, and her face was full of astonishment.

At first, when Chen Feiyang forcefully restrained her, he said that it was her honor to have taken a fancy to her, but now...

This look was completely different!

But there was one thing that he was right about, and that was that he didn't hurt her from the beginning!

"Master, this..."

Liu Mengxin looked at her own Sun Lingxiu and wanted to say something, but she stopped herself!

Sun Lingxiu also raised her eyebrows slightly. She looked at Chen Feiyang, who was begging for mercy, and called out to LAN qingyue softly, "Qingyue!"

"Buzz!"

Lan qingyue moved slightly, and Xiao Lan stopped moving. Her huge eyes were still locked on him with incomparable coldness!

"Thank you, thank you all goddesses. I admit my mistake. I surrender!"

Chen Feiyang saw that little blue had finally stopped, and he panted heavily as he said immediately!

"Take us to the North Pole God Tomb!"

Lan qingyue said to Chen Feiyang calmly.

"Yes, yes, I will take you there now!"

Chen Feiyang nodded with a bitter face, resigned to his fate.

"Before that, Eat This!"

Lan Qingyue moved her hand and took out an item that looked like meat from Little Blue's body, and threw it directly in front of Chen Feiyang.

"This... This Is?"

Chen Feiyang looked at the wriggling meat ball and his expression changed slightly.

"Little Blue's special constitution will take root in your constitution. If you have any thoughts, I can destroy you instantly!"

Lan qingyue said to him very honestly.

"This..."

Chen Feiyang's expression changed greatly!

"Die now. Swallow this and choose one!"

Lan Qingyue did not give him any time to hesitate. She directly said indifferently.

He begged for mercy, but in order to prevent any accidents, he had to leave some methods behind.

After he swallowed Little Blue's Kun characteristic, it would enter his mountain constitution. In the future, with just a thought from Lan Qingyue, he could instantly die!

"I'll Swallow!"

Chen Feiyang took a deep breath, his heart filled with sorrow.

He still wanted to suppress the world and take over the sky, but now he was being suppressed!

Perhaps he was the most miserable eternal god Lord Inheritance Holder in the universe?

Chen Feiyang swallowed the flesh with an ugly expression.

"Let's Go!"

Lan Qingyue saw him swallow and looked at Guan Shuqing and the others!

"Let's go, I haven't seen what the Eternal God Lord's Eternal Kingdom looks like. This is the eternal God Lord!"

Guan Shuqing and the other girls looked interested and immediately said!

"Lead the way!"

Lan qingyue patted little blue and said to Chen Feiyang.

"Yes!"

He nodded with a sad face!