Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2014: 2014, Shake Hands and make peace?

"Ji Ji Ji!"

In the sky above Earth, while everyone was still discussing what had just happened, in the next moment, the densely packed space locusts once again appeared in the void.

Unlike the space locusts from before, the number was clearly reduced by one-fifth!

"What's going on?"

The appearance of the space locusts once again caused everyone's faces to reveal astonishment.

Immediately after, under everyone's stunned gazes, the countless void locusts flew towards the north!

"What's going on? The void locusts have appeared once again?"

Everyone's faces were filled with confusion, but before they could think any further, the countless void locusts quickly disappeared once again.

It was as if nothing had happened.

This caused everyone's faces to be filled with greetings?

"What happened?"

"We can confirm that Chen Feiyang should be fine. Where are principal Xiao and the others? Could they have been killed by Chen Feiyang?"

"What kind of ability is this sudden disappearance and sudden appearance? This is simply inconceivable!"

Everyone was discussing in bewilderment. They did not understand what was going on!

"Is this the center of the Eternal Divine Kingdom? What a powerful aura. Also, this divine kingdom is so big that it is even bigger than the Dragon Palace!"

When Guan Shuqing and the others entered the divine tomb, they were all surprised.

"Of course. This is the Divine Kingdom of the mountain god Lord. Back then, the mountain god Lord used his body to suppress everything. The Eternal Divine Kingdom is naturally not the Dragon Palace..."

Chen Feiyang heard their exclamations and said proudly.

However, before she could finish her words, she felt that something was wrong and immediately shut her mouth!

"See if there are any items that can be moved into the Dragon Palace. Move all the useful things over!"

Guan Shuqing looked around and said indifferently.

"Yes, yes. where is the Medicinal Garden of your Eternal Divine Kingdom? Take us to the medicinal garden. We will move the medicinal garden into the Dragon Palace!"

Lan Qingyue and the others nodded in agreement.

"PFFT!"

Chen Feiyang opened his mouth and spat out some blood. His face was even more embarrassed than if he had eaten shit.

However, his expression soon became even more unsightly.

The group of girls had kept their word and emptied the entire medicinal garden!

Other than all the valuable treasures in the medicinal garden, all of them had been removed!

Chen Feiyang's heart was bleeding!

"Take these for the time being. Let's Go!"

After all the valuable items had been taken away, Guan Shuqing and the rest said as they flew out.

"Chen Feiyang, Big Brother Shenfeng is still being suppressed by you at the entrance of Dragon Gate Academy. Come with us and let Big Brother Shenfeng out!"

Liu Mengxin said to Chen Feiyang and called him over.

He nodded in resignation. Now that his life was in the hands of others, he did not dare to disagree.

"Buzz!"

When they arrived above Dragon Gate Academy, Chen Feiyang waved his arm, and the Five Finger Mountain that was suppressing Shenfeng instantly dissipated.

"What's going on? Chen Feiyang is actually standing together with Dean Xiao and the others?"

"What the hell is going on? Did Chen Feiyang subdue Dean Xiao and the others, or what?"

Around them, some people who had not yet left saw Chen Feiyang and Xiao Ran's group suddenly appear in the sky, and their faces were filled with astonishment.

Especially when they saw Xiao ran and Chen Feiyang standing together so peacefully.

"Xiao ran, he..."

Shen Feng broke free from the mountain and immediately flew into the sky. He stared at Chen Feiyang vigilantly with an awkward expression.

"He has already been..."

"Haha, I have already shaken hands with Xiao ran and the others. Now that Earth is heading to the boundless star field, we have to plan for the next few things. In the future, I am prepared to live in peace with him!"

"I, Chen Feiyang, have obtained the inheritance of the eternal master. In the future, I will be the eternal God Lord who will suppress an entire region. Now that I think about it, suppressing a small earth is meaningless!"

Xiao ran was about to open his mouth to speak, but before he could finish, Chen Feiyang, who was by his side, immediately interrupted him.

His voice that was filled with pride resounded throughout the entire sky, as if he was afraid that others would not hear it!

"Cheh, Shameless!"

When Liu Mengxin heard his words, a disdainful expression appeared on her face as she said disdainfully.

The corners of Xiao ran and Tian Yuanzi's mouths twitched. They had not realized that this fellow was actually so shameless.

However, they did not interrupt him. No matter what, Chen Feiyang had the strength to ignite the seven wisps of divine fire. He had a special constitution, and his strength was incomparably terrifying.

If they hadn't been suppressed by the Space Beast of the Dragon Queen, they would have been in trouble!

"Shake hands to make peace? Didn't he say he was going to take over the Sky? Why did he shake hands to make peace all of a sudden?"

"I don't know. Maybe it was because of some reasons that they didn't continue fighting. Or maybe the Dragon Palace has the same strength as him, which made them afraid!"

"This is very likely. The Dragon Palace's strength should not be weaker than the eternal God Lord's successor, that's why they didn't continue fighting!"

When the surrounding people heard Chen Feiyang's words, their faces revealed contemplative expressions as they discussed.

This was the only possibility for the current situation. Otherwise, how could they explain Chen Feiyang shaking hands with Xiao ran and the others to make peace?

When Chen Feiyang heard the discussion below, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart.

He did not want his voice domain to be destroyed in an instant!

He was the inheritor of the Eternal God Lord. If others knew that he was being controlled, how embarrassing would that be?

He had finally obtained such a rare opportunity to become an expert!

He still had to maintain his face!

"HMPH!"

Liu Mengxin saw the corner of his mouth curling up slightly and could not help but let out a soft snort once again.

"Hehe!"

When Chen Feiyang heard her voice, he smiled and turned to look at Liu Mengxin.

"That... Miss Liu Mengxin, do you have time to have a meal together?"

He said to Liu Mengxin with a smile on his face.

Originally, Liu Mengxin was a goddess-level existence to her, and he had already made up his mind to take her into his pocket.

But now that there was a huge accident, he couldn't take her in an overbearing manner!

But he could pursue it.

Moreover, he had already thought of something along the way!

Liu Mengxin was the disciple of one of the Dragon King's wives, and the one who controlled his life and death was the other wife of the Dragon King.

She was also Liu Mengxin's teacher's good sister.

Now, only by gaining a relationship with the Dragon King could his little life be 100% guaranteed.

And if he wanted to have a relationship with the Dragon King, he could only start with Xiao ran and Liu Mengxin.

This was good. He made up his mind and began to pursue Liu Mengxin.

This way, not only would he be able to obtain beautiful women, but his little life would also be better guaranteed!

"You... Get lost!"

Liu Mengxin's face turned red as she said fiercely to him! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Hehe, Hehe, I still have some treasures here that can help goddess Mengxin ignite the divine fire!"

Chen Feiyang said as he took out some treasures from his body and handed them over with a smile!

Liu Mengxin's face was flushed red. She was slightly stunned when she saw the precious treasures. "Good, you actually still have some treasures on you!"