Chapter 2015: I returned in 2015

"Cough, cough, cough. I hid some treasures in the end. Now, I'll give them to Goddess Mengxin!"

Chen Feiyang raised his eyebrows, coughed, and said with a smile.

He had the body of a mountain and could store items in his body. Although most of the treasures in the god tomb had been taken away by the group of women, he still had some treasures in his hands.

These treasures were enough for Liu Mengxin to ignite the divine fire!

"I'll take it for my sister. There's no need to eat. We still have things to do!"

Xiao ran said as he directly took the items in Chen Feiyang's hands and said faintly to him.

Then, he gestured to Liu Mengxin and the others, and the group immediately left!

"This... sigh, at least leave a contact number!"

When Chen Feiyang saw this scene, his face turned black, and he immediately shouted.

However, Xiao Ran, Liu Mengxin, and the rest ignored him and flew into the distance.

"Forget it, let's take it slow!"

Chen Feiyang's expression changed, and a hint of bitterness appeared on his face.

If it wasn't for that Space Beast, the sky would be under his control now, and he could do whatever he wanted!

Now...

"Eh? What's going on? Chen Feiyang seems to be pursuing goddess Liu Mengxin!"

"It's true. Is this the reason why Chen Feiyang didn't make an enemy of the Dragon Palace?"

"This... A Hero can't defeat a beauty. Chen Feiyang actually wants to pursue Dean Xiao's sister!"

The people below were stunned when they saw this scene.

They didn't expect such a thing to happen.

"The inheritor of the North Pole Tomb, Chen Feiyang, has made peace with the Dragon Palace in order to prepare for the arrival of Earth in the boundless star field in the future!"

"A hero can't overcome a beauty. The inheritor of the Eternal God Lord didn't make an enemy of the Dragon Palace because he pursued Dean Xiao's sister?"

"How terrifying is God Chen Feiyang's strength? It is known that he caused the space locust disaster last time. Now, he has at least a few billion space locusts. is he able to contend with the Dragon Palace?"

"Chen Feiyang has at least the strength of the Dragon Palace. Otherwise, he wouldn't have ended so peacefully!"

"He has billions of space locusts. This is too terrifying. Is this the power of the inheritance of the Eternal God Lord? The Dragon King and the Dragon Palace are already heaven-defying. I didn't expect Chen Feiyang to be even more terrifying!"

News of what happened today quickly spread on the internet.

In the North Pole graveyard, the appearance of the inheritor of the Eternal God Lord and the space locusts that blotted out the sky reappeared!

In particular, Chen Feiyang's terrifying strength and the battle that almost happened with the Dragon Palace shocked everyone.

This time, even if Chen Feiyang didn't show his true strength, just the space locusts that blotted out the sky had a basic concept in their minds!

"To be able to match the Dragon Palace, not bad, not bad!"

However, at this moment, the person that countless people were discussing on the internet was sitting in front of the computer and posting non-stop.

When he saw that the post that was comparable to the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King was pushed up, the corner of Chen Feiyang's mouth curled up slightly, and a trace of satisfaction appeared on his face.

There was nothing he could do. After all, a year ago, Chen Feiyang was still a small figure, and some vanity and the mentality of a loser couldn't be changed.

Today, he was still trying to gain face for himself, even if it was not in accordance with the facts!

He browsed through the posts he had posted. There were a few thousand of them. After he browsed through them with satisfaction, he turned off his computer.

"Next, I have to think of a way to catch up with Liu Mengxin. Sigh, I, the successor of the Eternal God Lord, am really miserable!"

Chen Feiyang's mouth twitched.

In the next few days, everything returned to normal.

However, in these few days, Dragon Gate Academy had an additional figure that attracted everyone's attention. It was Chen Feiyang, the heir of the Eternal God Lord of the North Pole godly tomb!

The students of Dragon Gate Academy could often see Chen Feiyang sticking by the side of their vice principal Liu Mengxin every day.

They didn't dare to ask, and they didn't dare to say. After all, this was a top-notch expert with monstrous strength.

His strength was probably the highest in the entire earth!

"The opportunity left behind by this eternal God is indeed very terrifying!"

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian looked at the resources that Lan Qingyue and the rest brought back with a shocked expression.

Just the godly state level spiritual herbs alone had reached more than 100 stalks! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

There were all kinds of metal information and godly state level elixirs. There was even a huge pile of them!

These resources were enough for Wang Xian to level up!

"This should be considered a small amount. During the war hundreds of thousands of years ago, the mountain God must have used up a lot of resources. Otherwise, the treasures of a god Lord wouldn't be so small!"

Hua'er Cai'er, who was sitting at the side, stared at the treasures in front of her with a twinkle in her eyes.

"How is it, Xiao Xian? We've just arrived and we've already obtained so many resources. It should be enough for you to Level Up!"

Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and the rest glanced at Hua er and Cai'er who were at the side. They raised their heads slightly and said to Wang Xian.

"It's enough!"

Wang Xian nodded and said while licking his face, "My wives are awesome!"

"HMPH!"

When Guan Shuqing and the rest saw him like this, they snorted softly.

"Oh right, how is the inheritor of the Eternal God doing now? If ao crab or the Dragon Palace were to devour the eternal kingdom, they would be of great use!"

Wang Xian continued to ask them with a smile.

If the Dragon Palace was to be upgraded again, it would need to devour nine eternal kingdoms. Furthermore, if Ao he was able to devour an eternal kingdom, his strength would definitely be greatly enhanced.

"Chen Feiyang is now under my control. He didn't hurt Xiao Ran, Liu Mengxin, and the rest, nor did he have the intention to kill them. We didn't kill him!"

Lan qingyue said to Wang Xian.

"That guy seems to be pursuing Mengxin now. He's also a shameless person!"

Sun Lingxiu said with a smile.

"Sister Lingxiu, what do you mean he's also a shameless person? Is there anyone else?"

"I don't know about shameless people, but there should be a pervert!"

After Sun Lingxiu finished her sentence, a few girls suddenly took over the conversation and started mocking her.

"I'll go and raise my level first!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth twitched. He immediately walked to the side.

He could sense pairs of eyes staring at him.

Time passed slowly. As Earth traveled through the chaotic starfield in the void, they encountered trouble one after another.

However, this time, without the Dragon Palace's help, Chen Feiyang could easily take care of him.

This also allowed everyone to witness the terrifying strength of the inheritor of the Eternal God Lord!

A meteorite about the size of earth was directly shattered by Chen Feiyang. The terrifying strength shocked everyone!

While the earth was peaceful, in the south pole graveyard, Suiyan was kneeling in front of a radiant divine tiger with burning eyes.

"I've finally recovered 10% of my strength, but I've used up all my resources. It's time to go out!"