Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2016: In 2016, I returned

"Lord God Lord Lightwing's might is like a prison. His appearance this time will definitely be able to suppress everything!"

In the South Pole Graveyard, Suiyan respectfully prostrated in front of God Lord Lightwing and shouted loudly.

The Divine Light Tiger in front of him was god Lord Lightwing, a supreme expert who had been in charge of this starry sky hundreds of thousands of years ago.

God Lord Lightwing's name had once shaken an entire star field.

During that great battle, the gods had fallen, and many eternal God masters had also fallen. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

However, the divine light wing master at that time had made all the preparations in advance. Before he died, he had left behind a trace of divine blood, waiting for the day of his resurrection.

Unfortunately, the silence on Earth and the disappearance of spiritual energy had not allowed him to recover.

He had only obtained this opportunity after hundreds of thousands of years.

"In this star field, the god Lords have all fallen. Only I have been resurrected. Even if I have only recovered one-tenth of my strength, it is still not something that other creatures can compare to!"

"I want to recover my former glory..."

The god Lord of Light Wings stood on the top of the sacred mountain, his gaze sweeping over everything around him.

"This time, the recovery of the spiritual energy on this planet is a little strange. There are quite a few gods that have been resurrected. If I want to reach the peak again, I will need a large number of resources and subordinates!"

As he spoke, he looked down at Suiyan. "Go and investigate how many gods and experts there are on this planet. After that, I will open up my eternal divine kingdom and recruit disciples!"

The god Lord of Light Wings said indifferently. His eyes were filled with endless majesty.

"If you don't step into my divine mansion, I will kill you and turn you into resources to recover my strength. I will prepare to step into the boundless star field!"

When Suiyan heard God Lord Lightwing's words, his heart trembled slightly. However, his face was filled with excitement.

"Lord God Lord, when you step into the boundless star area, I will convince all the gods in the Fire God Palace to join you!"

He immediately said loudly.

"Yes, I will not mistreat you!"

God Lord Lightwing said to him.

"Thank you, Lord God Lord!"

Flintstone crept more reverently, after a moment of hesitation, he said, "Lord God, my brothers and sisters from the Fire God Palace have descended to Earth. Now, they have all been killed by the Dragon King. I, Suiyan, have luckily escaped with my life. I hope that you will allow me to kill the person who killed my brothers and sisters!"! "

"Yes!"

God Lord Guangyi nodded and waved his arm.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Many Divine Tigers condensed from light energy flew over and landed behind Suiyan.

"Five Divine Tigers condensed from light divine pearls. The strongest one has the strength of six wisps of divine fire. Four have the strength of five wisps of divine fire. They are enough for you to kill all your enemies. Go!"

"Two days later, I will open up my divine kingdom and recruit all the experts into my divine kingdom to worship!"

God Lord Guangyi's imposing voice resounded in the surroundings.

"Thank you, God Lord. In the future, my life will be yours!"

Suiyan shouted loudly. He lowered his head and revealed a savage expression.

"Go!"

God Lord Guangyi said indifferently. He turned around and leaped lightly, stepping onto another divine mountain.

"Huff! Huff!"

Suiyan's breathing quickened as he stood up. He looked at the five Divine Tigers of light behind him, his face burning with passion.

"Five Divine Tigers of light. The strongest one is comparable to six wisps of divine fire. Dragon King, this time, I'm going to dismember the five of You!"

As he spoke, his face was filled with a sinister expression. He leaped and directly jumped onto the divine tiger of light in the middle.

"Let's go. Follow me to receive the world's worship and listen to the screams of those damned people. Haha!"

Suiyan laughed loudly. The five hundred-meter-long divine light tigers leaped lightly and flew towards the location outside the eternal divine kingdom.

Around the South Pole divine tomb, even though this divine tomb had appeared for more than a year, not a single person had entered it. There were still millions of people searching nearby.

They were looking forward to the day when they could enter the divine tomb and obtain opportunities.

Especially after everyone on earth had witnessed Chen Feiyang's strength.

Chen Feiyang was originally a small figure at the insightful void level. It was because he had obtained the inheritance of the eternal God Lord that he was now awe-inspiring in the entire world.

They also hoped that they could obtain the inheritance of the eternal God Lord.

"Sigh, we've been searching here for half a month, but there are still no clues!"

"We don't dare to go to the stairs of light either. In the past year, dozens of demigod-level experts have died on the stairs of light!"

At the entrance of the South Pole divine tomb, more than ten people looked at the stairs of light helplessly.

This was the entrance of the divine tomb, but even gods couldn't enter it.

"Haha, I'm Back, I'm Back!"

At this moment, a cold laughter sounded.

The voice wasn't very loud. If it wasn't at the entrance to the god's tomb, this voice wouldn't have been heard.

"Oh? It's the voice from inside the god's Tomb!"

At this moment, the dozen or so people at the entrance were slightly stunned. They immediately looked inside the god's tomb.

Some people around also heard this voice and looked over in astonishment.

"There are figures coming out!"

Suddenly, a young man shouted excitedly.

At the entrance of the divine tomb, five hundred-meter-tall figures slowly walked out.

Under the cover of the light, the five figures looked dignified.

"It's five Divine Tigers!"

"There's someone on top of the Divine Tigers, there's actually a person!"

When the five Divine Tigers walked down the stairs, everyone's faces were filled with awe. When they saw the figure on top of the Divine Tigers, their eyes widened, filled with shock!

"Weng!"

At this moment, everyone saw the five Divine Tigers suddenly increase their speed, appearing in front of the ten plus people!

At this moment, the dozen people were completely stunned. Their bodies trembled as they knelt on the ground and looked at the five terrifying godly tigers in front of them in shock.

"Where is the Dragon King? !"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. Immediately after, the dozen people felt that their bodies were suspended in the air.

The dozen people's faces were filled with shock. When they saw Suiyan's face, their faces were slightly shocked!

"Sir... Sir Suiyan, the Dragon King is in the Dragon Palace, in the Dragon Palace!"

The dozen or so people hurriedly replied.

"Dragon Palace? What is the Dragon Palace?"

Suiyan slightly narrowed his eyes and asked coldly.

"Sir, it's in the ocean!"

The dozen or so people immediately said, their foreheads full of cold sweat.

At the same time, their hearts were extremely shocked.

Suiyan, everyone knew that the gods who had descended back then, the strongest person in the Fire God Palace.

More than a year ago, he was suppressed by the Dragon King's subordinates in the South Pole divine tomb. Suiyan carried the divine weapon and rushed to the sky above the divine tomb.

Everyone thought that he was dead, but they didn't expect that Suiyan was still alive!

Could it be that he had received the god Lord's inheritance in the South Pole Divine Tomb?