Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2017: 2017, I return from the divine tomb

"Ocean?"

Suiyan narrowed his eyes, his eyes flashing with a crazy killing intent!

"No matter where you are, I will kill Your Dragon King today. I will kill all of your relatives one by one!"

He growled in a low voice with a sinister face.

When the more than ten people who were suspended in the air heard his voice, their faces were filled with shock.

He actually wanted to kill the Dragon King. He had come back to take revenge!

"Show me the way!"

Suiyan waved his arm, and a ball of flame enveloped the dozen or so people. The five Divine Light Tigers beneath him immediately soared tens of thousands of meters into the air.

But suddenly, when he looked to the east, his expression changed slightly.

In the void in the east, the once incomparably eye-catching Lingxiao treasured palace was now in tatters. The divine light on it had completely disappeared!

"What happened to the Lingxiao Treasured Palace?"

Suiyan's eyes flickered as he asked the dozen or so people in front of him.

"My Lord, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall have all been destroyed by the Dragon King. Now, in the entire Earth, the Dragon King's Dragon Palace is the strongest force. They have twenty to thirty godly state experts!"

"Even a group of True Dragon Sons of Heaven have submitted to the Dragon King!"

The dozen or so people didn't dare to hide anything and immediately said to him.

"What? Twenty to thirty godly state experts'subordinates?" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Suiyan was slightly stunned, and a trace of solemnity appeared on his face.

"Then how strong are the Dragon King and the others?"

He immediately asked with a gloomy face.

"We don't know. We only know that the Dragon King is very, very strong, but we don't know exactly how strong he is!"

The dozen or so people shook their heads. Their knowledge had not reached such a level yet, so they did not know exactly how strong the Dragon King and the others were!

"Other than the Dragon King, are there any other forces?"

Suiyan's face darkened as he continued to ask.

"Yes, one is Chen Feiyang, the successor of the North Pole God Tomb Mountain's god Lord. His strength is very terrifying. The other is the Dragon Gate Academy, which has four gods. However, the founder of the Dragon Gate Academy is the Dragon King's disciple, Xiao ran!"

"Currently, the Dragon King's strength is basically invincible. The subordinates of the Dragon King are also very powerful..."

"Shut up!"

As the dozen or so people spoke, the expression on Suiyan's face became even gloomier. With an embarrassed expression, he roared in a low voice and waved his hand.

"Buzz!"

A ball of flame directly penetrated the bodies of the dozen or so people, turning them into ashes in an instant. He didn't even let out a miserable cry.

"I didn't expect that Your Dragon King would actually destroy the Lingxiao treasured palace and the sacred hall. Back then, Yuan Kui of the Lingxiao treasured palace and Luke Owen of the Sacred Hall were about the same strength as me. Even if they had broken through, they would still have five wisps of divine fire. If the Dragon King and the others were able to destroy Lingxiao and the Sacred Hall, they would definitely have the strength of six wisps of Divine Fire!"

"There's also an inheritor of the god Lord. Hehe, this really surprised me. If I were to take revenge, it might really be a little difficult!"

"Unfortunately, you've met the god Lord Lightwing, the true eternal God Lord. Dragon King? The inheritor of the god Lord? In front of the Eternal God Lord, all of you will die!"

Suiyan's expression was incomparably malevolent as he roared in a low voice!

The Dragon King's strength made him very surprised. Right now, he didn't even dare to guarantee that he would be able to kill the Dragon King.

However, there was still the god Lord. With the god Lord backing him, the Dragon King would definitely die!

"Even if I can't kill you with my own hands right now, I'll still let you feel the pain. Dragon King, welcome my revenge, Haha!"

He laughed ferociously and moved. With a wave of his arm, several tens of thousands of meters below him, the young men who were looking at him in shock were instantly pulled over by a terrifying force.

"Sir, don't Kill Us, don't Kill Us!"

The three young men were caught and their faces instantly revealed expressions of fear. They immediately begged for mercy loudly.

"Bring me to Dragon Gate Academy!"

Suiyan said coldly.

"Yes, yes, yes, sir!"

The three young men hurriedly nodded in fear and pointed in the direction of Dragon Gate Academy.

"Go!"

Suiyan rode on the Divine Tiger of light and immediately flew in the direction of Longmen Academy.

"This... that God Suiyan from the throne of the Fire God Palace actually came out of the South Pole divine tomb. What's going on? Did he obtain the inheritance of the South Pole Divine Tomb?"

"My God, what's he going to do? Take revenge on the Dragon King or something?"

"The strongest person from the throne of the Fire God Palace actually came out of the divine tomb. The Divine Tigers under him feel so terrifying!"

When Suiyan disappeared, everyone around the divine tomb was discussing in shock.

The strongest expert of the Fire God Palace had actually walked out of the divine tomb!

Riding on the incomparably terrifying divine tiger, what opportunities had he obtained in the Divine Tomb?

Had he also obtained the inheritance of the Eternal God Lord?

Everyone in the surroundings was in an uproar. At the same time, this news quickly spread to the internet.

"Mengxin, I've created a divine kingdom for you during this period of time. Let me tell you, this divine kingdom is definitely much better than the divine kingdom of an ordinary God. You'll be able to become a god soon!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang walked into an office in the Dragon Gate Academy with a smile on his face and said to Liu Mengxin.

"Thank you, but there's no need. I've already gathered the materials needed to create a divine kingdom in the ancient lands!"

"It's fine, it's fine. The materials you've collected are a little lacking. The Divine Kingdom I've helped you build is much better than the one you've built yourself. After all, a divine kingdom affects the strength of a God!"

Chen Feiyang licked his face as he leaned over and said with a smile.

Liu Mengxin looked at him speechlessly. At the same time, she also felt that it was a little funny.

The Chen Feiyang in front of her was the successor of an eternal God Lord. In the future, he had a 70% chance of stepping into the Eternal God Lord Realm.

He was an invincible expert who could suppress an entire region!

However, such an expert chased after her every day. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry. At the same time, she had a different feeling in her heart!

"Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the entire space suddenly trembled slightly. A terrifying pressure charged towards them.

Liu Mengxin was slightly stunned. She immediately looked outside.

Chen Feiyang also raised his eyebrows, his face filled with astonishment!

"Mengxin, don't be afraid. I'll protect you!"

He said with a laugh, then immediately flew out of the office with Liu Mengxin.

The two flew out, and in the surroundings, Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others also flew out. At this moment, the two looked towards the south.

"What happened? Did Earth encounter another terrifying calamity?"

The expressions of everyone in river city changed slightly. The terrifying pressure caused their bodies to tremble.

Everyone looked towards the south.

"Roar Roar!"

At this moment, a roar sounded from the south. Everyone looked over in shock!

Five Divine Tigers appeared in everyone's sight!

"That is?"

Xiao ran and the rest were slightly shocked. Their gazes were fixed on the five divine tigers and the figure on top of the Divine Tiger!

"I have returned from the divine tomb to take revenge!"

"All the people of the Dragon King Must Die!"

At this moment, Suiyan slowly stood up on top of the Divine Light Tiger and stepped on the Tiger's Head!