Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2018: 2018 Suiyan vs flying dust

"I have returned from the tomb of the gods to take revenge!"

"All the people of the Dragon King Must Die!"

When Suiyan's voice reverberated through the entire sky, everyone was slightly shocked.

He stood on the head of the Divine Light Tiger and stared coldly at Longmen Academy in front of him.

When everyone in Jiang City heard this voice, they were very surprised.

Especially when the five Divine Tigers approached and saw Suiyan who was standing on the Tiger's head, they all revealed astonished expressions.

"I returned from the God Tomb? That's... That's the strongest expert in the Fire God Palace. He actually didn't die!"

"It's Suiyan. Back then, he carried a divine weapon and desperately rushed into the south pole god Tomb. In the end, the divine weapon exploded. I didn't expect that he actually didn't die!"

"The five divine tigers beside him have such a terrifying aura. Hiss, could it be that he has obtained the god Lord's inheritance?"

"That Divine Light Tiger's aura is so terrifying. Heavens, he's here for revenge. He's here to seek revenge on the Dragon King. He wants to kill all of the Dragon King's People!"

When everyone heard that incomparably cold voice and looked at Suiyan who was standing on the Tiger's head, they instantly recognized his identity.

The strongest person in the throne room of the Fire God Palace!

Returning from the Divine Tomb!

Taking revenge on the Dragon King!

When everyone saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others stared intently at Suiyan, their expressions changing drastically.

The strongest person in the throne room of the Fire God Palace had the strength of four wisps of divine fire in the past. Even if there was no increase in strength, it was still not something they could deal with!

"Oh no, that expert in the throne room of the Fire God Palace is very strong!"

Liu Mengxin's expression changed slightly when she saw this scene.

"You've returned from the Divine Tomb. Don't worry, Mengxin. With me here, even if he returns from hell, I can still send him back!"

Chen Feiyang narrowed his eyes slightly. His gaze swept over Suiyan as he said to Liu Mengxin.

"You..."

Liu Mengxin looked at Chen Feiyang. She opened her mouth slightly to thank him, but in the end, she did not say it out loud.

Chen Feiyang indeed had the strength to protect them.

"Disciple of the Dragon King, come out and face your death!"

Suiyan stood on the Divine Light Tiger. His body was filled with killing intent as he looked at Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and Chen Feiyang in the sky!

"Face your death. If you want to take revenge on my master, you might be the one to face your death!"

When Xiao ran heard his words, he raised his head, stared at him, and roared!

"Hahaha, looks like you are the Dragon King's disciple. Then die!"

"I heard that this is the Dragon King's former residence. Today, not only will I kill you, I will also wipe out the entire city!"

"I want to let the Dragon King know that my revenge is not something he can endure!"

Suiyan's gaze locked onto Xiao ran. A wild killing intent appeared on his face as he roared!

"Kill him!"

He ordered the four divine light tigers beside him.

"Roar Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the four Divine Light Tigers let out a furious roar!

Their bodies emitted an icy cold aura as they pounced towards Xiao ran.

Suiyan did not hesitate at all. He immediately attacked when they met. One could imagine how much hatred and anger he had towards the Dragon King over the past year.

"TSK, TSK, tsk. You're from the divine tomb, and I happen to be from the divine tomb as well. You Dare to touch my brother-in-law? You're courting death!"

Chen Feiyang saw the four Divine Tigers of light attacking Xiao ran. Naturally, he could not hesitate at this moment.

His body moved, and with a wave of his hand, four thick mountains that were thousands of meters in size appeared in front of him.

"Boom!"

With a wave of his arm, the four thick mountains smashed towards the four Divine Tigers of light.

"Roar Roar Roar Roar!"

The four Divine Tigers saw the mountains and their faces revealed roaring expressions.

The power of light on their bodies intensified and they opened up their huge tiger's MAW. One by one, light bullets flew towards the mountains.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In an instant, a terrifying explosion sounded in the sky and the entire space shook.

However, the mountain did not have the slightest ripple under the attacks of the four Divine Tigers of light. It continued to collide towards the Divine Tigers.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A series of violent collisions caused the light on the bodies of the four divine lords of light to tremble violently. Their bodies flew backwards for over ten thousand meters.

"What?"

"Who are you?"

When he saw the four divine tigers fly backwards, Suiyan's pupils constricted slightly. His expression was grave as he stared at Chen Feiyang!

"Mountain God's main inheritor, Chen Feiyang, since you came out from the South Pole divine tomb, then let us have a competition. I want to see what you are capable of!"

Chen Feiyang's gaze swept past Suiyan and the group of Divine Tigers of light, and a cold smile appeared on his face.

This time, he did not feel the slightest threat from Suiyan. He was certain that the other party was absolutely not his opponent.

This was the strong premonition of his mountain physique!

"The inheritor of the North Pole Divine Tomb?"

Suiyan's expression changed slightly when he heard his words, immediately after, a stern expression appeared on his face. "I, Suiyan, am the spokesperson of the Eternal God Lord. It is best for an inheritor like you not to participate in this. Otherwise, you will die without even knowing how you died!"

"Spokesperson, Haha, interesting, interesting. Today, I am participating in this. What can you do to me? I would like to know whether it is my mountain god Lord's inheritance or your south pole god Lord's spokesperson who is more powerful!"

Chen Feiyang laughed out loud. His body trembled slightly and his body slowly grew bigger.

Very soon, Chen Feiyang, who was as tall as a mountain, stood proudly in the void and stared coldly at Suiyan!

"You... you are playing with fire and setting yourself on fire!"

Suiyan felt the aura from Chen Feiyang's body and his expression changed slightly as he shouted out sternly!

"Let me see how powerful your South Pole God Tomb's spokesperson is!"

Chen Feiyang revealed a savage expression on his face. His body moved, and like a meteorite, he directly attacked towards Suiyan.

"Divine Light Tiger, kill him, kill him!"

Suiyan's pupils constricted, and he immediately ordered the five Divine Light Tigers to attack Chen Feiyang.

The five divine tigers, especially the one under him, directly pounced towards Chen Feiyang.

In mid-air, its body grew to about 10,000 meters in size, and its huge mouth bit towards Chen Feiyang.

"Be careful!"

Liu Mengxin's expression changed slightly when she saw this scene, and she immediately shouted.

"Haha!"

Chen Feiyang heard her words and laughed loudly. He clenched his fist tightly and smashed it towards the Divine Light Tiger.

At the instant he attacked, an incomparably terrifying mountain formed in front of his fist and smashed towards the top of the Divine Tiger's Head!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Chen Feiyang, who had unleashed his full strength, had the strength to suppress the seven wisps of Divine Fire God.

When the mountain landed on the Divine Light Tiger, the terrifying mountain power caused the Divine Light Tiger's light power to dissipate.

The Divine Light Pearl in the middle of the Tiger's head began to dim!

"Haha, with Your Strength, you still want to kill the Dragon King for revenge? You have to have the strength of me at the very least!"

Chen Feiyang looked at the collapsing Divine Light Tiger's arm and took out the divine light pearl with his mountain-like palm!

While laughing, he didn't forget to show off!