Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2019: In 2019, the god Lord had appeared, and Chen Feiyang had fallen

"Boom!"

In the sky above Jiang City, a tremor sounded, and everyone raised their heads to look.

Chen Feiyang, who was thousands of meters tall, gave off an invincible aura, and the ten-thousand-meter-tall Divine Light Tiger was defeated with a single punch.

The Divine Light Pearl was held in his hand, and the divine light tiger instantly collapsed.

At this moment, he didn't need to say anything to show off, but he was indeed awesome!

His invincible stance was extremely shocking.

On Earth today, many people already believed that Chen Feiyang had the strength that was comparable to the Dragon Palace.

It was the strength of the entire Dragon Palace, not the strength of the Dragon King alone.

In fact, in the eyes of many people, the Dragon King's strength wasn't very strong. In fact, he might not even have ignited the divine fire yet.

Of course, this was only the opinion of the outside world. After all, Wang Xian had never shown his strength.

The last time when Chen Feiyang was subdued, due to the coverage of the space locusts and Xiao Lan's Kun region, no one knew what exactly happened.

In addition, Chen Feiyang often acted pretentious. This made many people come up with this view that was accepted by most people!

"What? The God of Light Tiger, which is comparable to the god of six Wisps of divine fire, was actually defeated in an instant!"

When Suiyan saw that the strongest God of Light Tiger was defeated by a single punch, a shocked expression appeared on his face.

Defeating the god of Light, who was comparable to the god of six wisps of divine fire with a single punch, this...

How could his strength be so terrifying?

"That God Tiger is comparable to the god of six Wisps of divine fire. My God, this... Chen Feiyang's strength is so terrifying!"

"Hiss, even though we have already witnessed the terror of Chen Feiyang's God, killing a divine tiger that is comparable to six wisps of divine fire with a single punch is still extremely shocking!"

"That Suiyan is completely incapable. Even if he entered the South Pole divine tomb, he still doesn't seem to be Chen Feiyang's match. It seems that he hasn't obtained the inheritance of the Eternal God!"

"Chen Feiyang is awesome!"

One after another, shocked discussions sounded from below. Everyone raised their heads and stared intently at this great battle.

"With your strength, you still dare to come and kill my brother-in-law and the others?"

Chen Feiyang saw the shocked Suiyan and the corner of his mouth slightly curled up.

He shouted somewhat shamelessly. When he heard these words, the faces of Xiao Ran, Liu Mengxin, and the others turned black!

His gaze swept past the four God lords of light around him. His body shook, and six mountains flew out from all directions.

They directly pressed down on the last four God lords of light.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

The four god Tigers of light were trapped by the mountains, and were directly pressed down from all directions!

"Roar Roar Roar Roar!"

Four sounds that seemed to be filled with terror rang out. Chen Feiyang extended his arm, and a huge palm directly put the god Pearls of light into his bag.

His gaze turned to Suiyan, and his face was filled with a mocking expression!

"This... What a huge gap!"

"The gap is too huge. Suiyan had just walked out of the divine tomb, and now he's met Chen Feiyang. He's completely dumbfounded!"

"Haha, I'm dying of laughter. I was still thinking of taking revenge on the Dragon King, but in the end, I wanted to kill Xiao ran and the others, but I was suppressed by Chen Feiyang!"

From below, everyone was watching this scene mockingly.

Suiyan, who had returned from the divine tomb, was still thinking of killing all the people of the Dragon King. In the end, he met Chen Feiyang, who was currently pursuing the Dragon King's disciple and sister-in-law.

It was a tragedy in an instant!

"You... you dared to kill those Divine Tigers of light. You're finished. You're finished!"

When Suiyan saw that all the divine lords of light were easily killed, a trace of fear appeared on his face!

No matter what, he had never thought that this would be the case.

He had obtained a huge opportunity from the divine tomb. Originally, he had wanted to suppress the Dragon King, but in the end, he realized that the Dragon King's strength might not be something he could deal with. He wanted to make a move on the Dragon King's family.

However, on this side, he had encountered a tough nut to crack!

This... this...

He was a little frightened and wanted to vomit blood!

This time, he had brought the five Divine Tigers of light that the Divine Lord had given him!

"TSK TSK, the one who is finished is you. You can go and Die Too!"

Suiyan's figure moved and directly attacked Suiyan.

A five-fingered mountain pressed down towards him.

"Not good, escape!"

Seeing the five-fingered mountain, his expression changed drastically. He hurriedly turned around and wanted to flee into the distance.

"You want to escape from my five-finger Mountain?"

Chen Feiyang said disdainfully. The five-finger mountain pressed down on him!

"No, no. If you dare to kill me, the god Lord will not let you off. God Lord Guangyi will make you wish you were dead!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Suiyan felt the threat of death coming from the five-finger Mountain in the sky. He shouted in fear.

"God Lord Guangyi?"

Chen Feiyang was slightly stunned when he heard this name. The Five Finger Mountain in the sky froze slightly.

"God Lord Lightwing, TSK tsk, I want to see how a god Lord who has been dead for hundreds of thousands of years won't let me off, Haha!"

However, soon, a faint smile appeared on his face.

According to the inheritance, he knew that God Lord Lightwing was an existence comparable to the mountain god Lord.

However, in the inheritance, God Lord Lightwing had died even earlier than the mountain god Lord!

"Die!"

With a light shout, the terrifying mountain landed on Suiyan's body.

"Weng!"

At this moment, a light spot on his chest suddenly shone brightly.

The light spot covered his entire body and blocked the mountain's Attack!

"HMM? It seems that you still obtained some treasures in the divine tomb!"

Chen Feiyang said indifferently as he raised his other hand and pressed downwards once more.

"Boom!"

A powerful Shockwave crashed against the light barrier on his body.

At this moment, Suiyan's expression changed drastically as he spat out large mouthfuls of blood.

The current him was only able to ignite five wisps of divine fire. He was not Chen Feiyang's match at all!

In fact, he did not even have the strength to resist!

"Pu!"

Sensing that the light barrier was about to collapse, Suiyan's face turned pale and malevolent.

"Chen Feiyang, just you wait. Very soon, the Lord God will kill you. Very soon, just you wait!"

A shrill voice came from Suiyan's mouth.

Under the protection of the remaining light barrier, a drop of his divine blood directly fled in the direction of the South Pole God Tomb.

"Eh?"

Chen Feiyang slightly raised his eyebrows when he saw that the divine blood had escaped. With a wave of his arm, a mountain appeared out of thin air in front of the divine blood

"Bang!"

However, the power of light directly pierced through the mountain, carrying his divine blood and continuing to rush towards the south.

"You can escape the first day of the Lunar New Year, but you can't escape the fifteenth day. Wait until my strength increases a little more, and I'll directly overturn your South Pole Divine Tomb!"

Chen Feiyang saw that a drop of Suiyan's divine blood had completely escaped, so he didn't pay too much attention to it. He spoke with confidence.

"So god Suiyan is finished just like that?"

"It's simply too tragic. Haha, last time, I was suppressed by the Dragon King's subordinates. This time, I originally obtained a huge opportunity. After returning from the divine tomb and meeting God Chen Feiyang, I was once again suppressed. I only managed to escape a drop of divine blood!"

"This fellow can be called the most unlucky person to have such an opportunity!"

Everyone in Jiang City laughed and discussed when they saw that Suiyan was on the verge of death!

Unlucky fellow!