Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2020: 2020 god Lord came out, Chen Feiyang fell 2

"That's right, I got five God Pearls of light. These god Pearls of light can be compared to divine artifacts. To light attribute cultivators, they are incomparably huge treasures!"

In the sky above Jiang City's Dragon Gate Academy, Chen Feiyang looked at the five God Pearls of light in his hand, and a smile appeared on his face.

"Mengxin, come, come. With these God Pearls of light, you can use them to build your divine kingdom, and even nurture them into divine artifacts. They can double your strength!"

As he spoke, he walked to Liu Mengxin's side with a smile and handed over a few divine pearls of light.

"Pay attention to your words in the future. HMPH!"

Liu Mengxin was very dissatisfied with Chen Feiyang's way of addressing her brother. She snorted coldly.

"Hehe!"

Chen Feiyang smiled and did not say anything.

Xiao ran, who was at the side, saw this scene. He smiled faintly and did not ask any more questions.

If he had a lot of opinions about Chen Feiyang in the beginning, he no longer had any opinions about Chen Feiyang now.

"The god Lord that Suiyan mentioned won't really exist, right? Now that a God has resurrected, will a god Lord also resurrect?"

At this moment, Ji Lingfei, who was by the side, said with a slight frown.

"No. According to the inheritance I obtained, the battle between God Lords is even more intense than that of ordinary gods. More than ten God lords have all fallen!"

Chen Feiyang said indifferently, not caring at all.

At most, some people had obtained the inheritance of the south pole god Tomb. However, even if someone had really obtained the inheritance of the South Pole god Lord, he was not afraid at all.

Back then, the mountain god Lord's strength was among the top among the god Lords. Even if there really was a god Lord's inheritor, he was not afraid at all.

"That's Good!"

Ji Lingfei and the others nodded slightly and looked in the direction of the South Pole divine tomb.

"Give me some time. When the time comes, I'll break open that divine tomb with my powerful strength!"

Chen Feiyang also looked towards the south with a proud expression.

"Damn it, damn it!"

However, at this moment, in the sky above the South Pole divine tomb, a drop of divine blood drew a bright trail under the protection of the light shield and quickly rushed towards the divine tomb.

In the center of the Light Shield, a human figure formed by a drop of blood roared with a ferocious expression.

"I want the Lord God to kill you all. I want to kill all of you. Not a single one of you will be left Alive!"

"The Lord God's successor? You are just a successor. You are courting death!"

The divine blood was trembling violently, filled with thick blood and resentment.

"Buzz!"

He rushed into the divine tomb and immediately flew towards the center of the Eternal Divine Kingdom.

On the Divine Mountain at the center of the mountain, God Lord Guangyi stood there and stared at Suiyan who was flying towards him.

When the Divine Tigers of light were killed, he had already sensed something.

When he saw that Suiyan was only left with a drop of divine blood, God Lord Guangyi's expression did not change at all.

"Lord God Lord, Lord God Lord, you must avenge this lowly one!"

Suiyan flew over and shouted with a shrill voice.

"What happened? Six Light God lords were killed. Who Did you offend?"

God Lord Lightwing stared coldly at Suiyan's divine blood and asked.

"Lord God Lord, it was the inheritor of the North Pole divine tomb. It was him!"

"I wanted to take revenge on the Dragon King, but I met the inheritor of the North Pole divine tomb. All five Light God lords were killed by him. I only have one drop of divine blood left, and I escaped with the protection you gave me!"

"Lord God, you have to avenge me!"

Suiyan floated there and shouted miserably.

"The inheritor of the North Pole Divine Tomb? The inheritor of the mountain god Lord? That Mountain Guy's mountain body is very terrifying. He is just an inheritor..."

"Is there any more news?"

God Lord Lightwing raised his head slightly, but his face didn't change at all.

"Lord God Lord, currently, there are only three forces in the entire planet: the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Gate Academy, and the inheritor of the North Pole God Tomb!"

"The leader of the Dragon Palace, the Dragon King, is the culprit who killed our senior and Junior Brothers!"

Suiyan immediately reported.

The god Lord of Light Wings didn't say anything, but slowly walked forward.

"Lord God Lord, you want to go..."

Suiyan saw the god Lord of light wings walk toward the exit of the divine kingdom, and he was stunned.

"Open the Eternal Divine Kingdom!"

The god Lord of Light Wings said and looked in Suiyan's direction.

Buzz

A ball of light enveloped Suiyan's divine blood and condensed a light void body for him.

"Take me to the mountain god Lord's successor!"

The god Lord of Light Wings ordered Suiyan.

"It's the god Lord!"

Suiyan's eyes flashed with excitement and he immediately pointed in the direction.

"Weng!"

The god Lord of Light Wings did not rush over immediately. He came to the exit of the divine kingdom and a vast wave of light power spread out in all directions.

"Roar!"

At this moment, in the entire eternal divine kingdom, 20 to 30 Divine Tigers of light that were formed from light energy spread out in all directions. They raised their heads and roared. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Ka Ka Ka Ka!"

This roar seemed to have turned on a switch. Rays of light shot out in all directions.

A gentle amount of light energy spread out in all directions, quickly covering an area of over 10,000 kilometers.

"What's Happening Now?"

"Hiss, what's going on? What's going on in this divine tomb? I just received news that God Chen Feiyang killed the Suiyan God who came out of this divine tomb!"

Everyone's expressions changed greatly as they stared intently at the radiant divine kingdom, their faces filled with shock.

"The Eternal Divine Kingdom is opening! Roar Roar!"

At this moment, a voice filled with boundless majesty came from within the divine tomb.

This voice caused everyone to be slightly shocked.

"Roar!"

At this moment, everyone saw an incomparably huge divine tiger with radiant wings flying out from the entrance of the divine kingdom.

Its body was several thousand meters in size, and it was different from the divine tiger that was formed from the light attribute floating around the divine tomb. This divine tiger emitted a powerful life force and pressure!

"Huala!"

The light winged divine Tiger's eyes indifferently swept across everyone around the eternal kingdom, and its thousand-meter-large wings spread out.

Around the wings, light wings floated around.

"Weng!"

Above his head, an incomparably huge divine crown of light slowly appeared.

"Huala!"

His wings trembled slightly, and he flew out of the divine kingdom, flying towards the east.

God Lord Lightwing didn't say a single word. Only an endless pressure spread out in all directions.

Everyone around the divine tomb held their breaths as they watched this scene. Their mouths were slightly agape, and their expressions were filled with shock.

This god Lord, who had once again emerged from the divine tomb, was even more terrifying than Suiyan and the others not long ago!

"What's the situation with that Divine Light Tiger? Its aura is so terrifying!"

"Is it a creature that revived in the divine tomb? where is it going?"

When the radiant god Lord disappeared, some people muttered.

At this time, some people looked into the divine tomb and thought of what they had just said.

The Eternal Divine Kingdom was opened!