Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2021: 2021 god Lord came out, and dust flew everywhere

"The Eternal Kingdom opened? This is not the god Lord's tomb. After the god Lord died, he was called the god tomb. Why does it say that the eternal kingdom opened?"

Some people standing around the god Kingdom murmured, looking at the Eternal Kingdom with interest.

"The eternal kingdom seems to be able to enter!"

Some people looked at the stairs at the entrance with interest.

"Come, let's go in and take a look!"

A young man gritted his teeth and walked towards the stairs.

In an instant, everyone looked at the young men.

The young man at the front mustered up his courage and slowly walked up the stairs.

When he reached the stairs, his heart was beating violently. When he saw that the destructive light energy was gone, his face revealed a look of joy.

"I'm fine, I'm Fine!"

His face was filled with joy as he continued to walk up the stairs.

Behind him, a group of youths immediately followed closely behind.

"We can go in, we can go into the god tomb. Quick, quick, we can go too!"

"The tomb of the Eternal God Lord, there are treasures everywhere!"

At this moment, everyone went crazy. They immediately rushed into the God Nation!

"Lowly creatures, the light wing God Lord opening the Divine Kingdom is a gift to all of you. You must move forward humbly!"

Just as everyone crossed the last step, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's mind.

Everyone was slightly stunned as they looked forward.

In front of them, there was an incomparably huge divine statue.

The divine statue was a divine tiger with wings. The Divine Tiger was incomparably majestic, giving everyone an unfathomable pressure.

In front of this god statue, everyone couldn't help but bend down!

"Hiss, how can there be such a powerful pressure!"

"Why does this divine tomb feel completely different from the Arctic divine tomb!"

Everyone was slightly shocked. They looked at each other and continued to walk inside.

When they entered, their expressions started to change.

Everything was too normal. There wasn't the slightest sense of dilapidation or killing intent.

Some people had entered the North Pole divine tomb, and it was filled with sorrow. Some things were already dilapidated, giving people a sense of silence.

And here, everything was full of vitality. It was as if it was not a graveyard, but a true divine kingdom!

"Right, did you notice that the Divine Tiger that just flew out is almost identical to the statue of God Lord Guangyi at the entrance!"

Suddenly, a girl said.

Some of the people around were slightly shocked. As they recalled, their expressions started to change.

"You mean, the owner of this divine tomb isn't Dead?"

One of them asked in surprise.

"No, he should have fallen, but is it possible that he has been resurrected?"

Is it possible that the god Lord has been resurrected?

Everyone's hearts trembled slightly. They looked around the divine kingdom. How was this a divine tomb!

It was clearly the Divine Kingdom of an eternal God Lord!

"Boom!"

Just as everyone who entered the divine kingdom was shocked, a ray of light suddenly enveloped the entire Jiang city.

In the center of the light, a divine tiger that was thousands of meters in size stood in the center.

At the same time, a majestic pressure instantly covered the entire land.

Suddenly, a light covered the entire sky, causing everyone to be slightly shocked!

"What happened again?"

The people of Jiang City were slightly stunned. It had only been less than an hour since the incident with Suiyan. What had happened now?

"Light?"

Within Longmen Academy, Xiao ran and the others sensed the sudden appearance of the light pressure. A bad premonition suddenly appeared in their hearts!

Their bodies moved, and they immediately flew into the sky.

"Someone is coming from the South Pole divine tomb again?"

Chen Feiyang's slightly impatient voice sounded in the void. He stood beside Liu Mengxin and slightly looked towards the sky.

When he saw the god Lord of light wings in the middle of the void, he was slightly stunned.

"Lord God Lord, it's him. It's him who nearly killed me. It's him, the successor of the North Pole Divine Tomb's god Lord!"

An incomparably furious voice sounded in the air. The voice was not loud, but everyone could hear it clearly.

"Sir God Master?"

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the others looked at Suiyan's divine blood. Their gazes then landed on God Master Guang Yi. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"God Master?"

Chen Feiyang was also slightly startled. His eyes sized up god Master Guang Yi from head to toe.

He slowly became serious!

"What's going on? is that huge divine light tiger from the South Pole God Tomb?"

"Are they here to take revenge for Suiyan?"

In Jiang City, all the people raised their heads, their expressions changing.

"Shan Yue's inheritor?"

At this moment, God Lord Lightwing, who was in the sky, locked his gaze on Chen Feiyang and asked indifferently.

That Mountain Guy?

When Chen Feiyang heard god Lord Lightwing's words, his pupils constricted.

He dared to directly address god Lord Mountain by his name, and even attached that guy to it.

Only existences of the same level would address him in this way. Otherwise, even for a fallen God lord, very few people would address him in this way!

It wasn't just Chen Feiyang. When everyone heard God Lord Lightwing's awe-inspiring and disdainful address, they were all slightly shocked.

They stared at God Lord Lightwing, their expressions constantly changing.

"Who are you? Please speak with more respect!"

Chen Feiyang's expression was somewhat awkward as he roared in a low voice.

"Haha, even if he is still alive, I, Lightwing, dare to address him directly!"

God Lord Lightwing laughed lightly as he stared at Chen Feiyang.

"An inheritor dares to kill my disciple. His crime is unforgivable!"

God Lord Lightwing indifferently said as he slightly raised his head.

"Roar!"

In an instant, a tiger head formed from light shot towards Chen Feiyang.

"What?"

At this moment, when Chen Feiyang heard god Lord Lightwing's words and felt this attack, his expression changed drastically.

"God Lord Lightwing, how is this possible? Didn't you already die? This is impossible!"

"Mountains Carry Rivers!"

Chen Feiyang's pupils constricted as he shouted in disbelief.

At the same time, his entire body trembled. A ten thousand meter thick mountain appeared in front of him, directly facing the Tiger's Head!

"There are many things you don't know. The mountain body that has just been formed is not able to withstand a single blow!"

God Lord Lightwing indifferently said to him.

"Boom!"

At this moment, the Tiger's head collided with the mountain. The incomparably huge Tiger's head emitted incomparably sharp teeth as it bit down on the mountain.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

At this moment, the mountain slowly split apart!

"Roar!"

The Tiger's head roared angrily. Streams of light completely destroyed the mountain and directly attacked Chen Feiyang.

"What?"

Chen Feiyang's expression changed slightly. With a wave of his arm, his entire body rapidly expanded.

With the mountain body activated, the 10,000 meter giant body appeared in front of everyone.

"Break for me!"

He let out a loud roar and attacked the streams of light