Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2022: 2022 god Lord, dust flying, Fall 4

"Boom!"

The entire sky began to shake, and countless streams of light shot out in all directions!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

An enormous explosion rang out.

Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, Liu Mengxin, and the others'expressions changed slightly, and they hurriedly blocked the streams of light!

"Boom!"

Xiao ran waved his arm, and an incomparably large flame shield blocked the sky.

However, the flame shield was instantly pierced through, and a few rays of light shot towards him.

"Bang!"

When the Rays of light landed in front of him, Xiao ran's expression changed drastically, and he flew backwards.

"Oh no, what a terrifying attack!"

His face was filled with shock, and Ji Lingfei's expression was also incomparably grave.

"Ahhhhh!"

At this moment, the people below who had been swept by the flowing light let out miserable cries.

Under that flowing light, even demigods were instantly reduced to ashes!

In an instant, that flowing light alone had caused the deaths of at least ten thousand people in River City. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Damn it!"

Chen Feiyang saw this scene, and an angry expression appeared on his face.

He clenched his hand tightly, and a mountain peak appeared in front of him, slamming heavily in front of him!

The mountain directly smashed towards the Tiger's head.

At the same time, he immediately flew into the sky to prevent the city below from being affected!

"Roar! Roar!"

The Tiger's head roared and directly smashed towards the mountain. The incomparably terrifying power caused the mountain to collapse once again.

"Be careful!"

When Liu Mengxin saw this scene, her expression changed greatly, and she immediately warned loudly.

All this while, Chen Feiyang had only relied on his mountain to suppress powerful enemies. This was the first time he had seen his mountain being shattered so easily.

"I am the mountain god Lord's successor. Even if you are the Lightwing God Lord, you have already fallen. Even if you are resurrected now, it is impossible for you to have peak strength!"

"I, Chen Feiyang, am not afraid of You!"

Chen Feiyang roared loudly as his body was covered by pieces of rocks.

Soon, a mountain giant appeared in the void and transformed into a mountain. This was Chen Feiyang's strongest attack.

After he finished speaking, he directly attacked the radiant wing God Lord.

The terrifying power and heavy aura were like an incomparably huge star that crashed towards him.

"Roar Roar!"

The god Lord of Light Wings continued to stare at Chen Feiyang indifferently as the massive tiger head charged towards him once more.

"Get lost!"

Chen Feiyang transformed into a mountain and charged towards the tiger head.

A terrifying sonic boom sounded in the sky.

"Hong!"

The heavy attack caused everyone's hearts to tremble, as if their hearts had stopped beating.

A few hundred thousand meters below, some people below the demigod level spat out a mouthful of blood.

In the sky, a wave of air that could be seen with the naked eye shot out in all directions.

Everyone in Jiang City, as well as the cities around Jiang City, had a huge change in expression. They were all filled with fear.

"God Lord? God Lord Guangyi, how is this possible? That Divine Tiger is actually the eternal God Lord!"

"Hiss, the eternal God Lord has been resurrected? Oh My God, this..."

Below, everyone was sprawled on the ground, their faces filled with shock. Some of them were trembling as they shouted loudly.

The Resurrection of the Eternal God Lord was like an invincible BOSS to everyone.

Who would be able to block the resurrection of such an existence?

Everyone raised their heads and looked at Chen Feiyang, who was fighting against God Lord Lightwing in the sky.

The ten-thousand-meter-long tiger head was now completely biting Chen Feiyang's left hand.

His mountain-like right hand kept smashing toward the tiger head.

"Roar!"

"Crack!"

"Ah!"

At this moment, a miserable scream came from Chen Feiyang's mouth. His mountain-like left arm began to slowly crack.

It was crushed by the Tiger's mouth!

"Chen Feiyang!"

Liu Mengxin's body trembled, and her eyes turned red as she roared.

"Explode!"

Chen Feiyang roared, and his entire left arm started to explode. A powerful force rushed towards the Tiger's head.

"Roar!"

The Tiger's head started to tremble, and the power of light flickered.

"HMM? Mountain body, HMPH!"

The god Lord of light wings frowned slightly when he saw this. He then snorted, and his wings trembled slightly.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, two enormous wings of light shot out from his body and slashed towards Chen Feiyang.

The two wings of light were like lasers. In a flash, they landed on Chen Feiyang's body.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Chen Feiyang's body instantly began to crumble, and large chunks of stone began to scatter in all directions.

"Ah Ah Ah!"

A pained cry came from his mouth, and a hint of terror appeared on Chen Feiyang's face.

"Space Locust, come out!"

He let out a terrified roar, and countless space locusts flew out from his body.

At least three to four billion space locusts were densely packed towards god Lord Lightwing.

"Troublesome!"

God Lord Lightwing saw the space locusts appear, and the divine crown on his head emitted a ray of light as it swept towards the billions of space locusts.

"Ji Ji Ji!"

In an instant, the space locusts let out miserable cries.

Countless space locust corpses fell towards the ground below.

Over a hundred million locusts fell, but the dozens of space locusts only lasted for a few dozen seconds.

Following that, two incomparably sharp wings slashed towards Chen Feiyang's body once more.

"No!"

Seeing all the space locusts being destroyed and the extremely sharp wings landing on his body, Chen Feiyang's face revealed a terrified and desperate roar.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

A few terrifying collisions sounded. Chen Feiyang slowly lowered his head and looked at his body in shock.

His mountain body was gradually falling apart.

He could feel that his life force was rapidly disappearing!

"No, no, I haven't returned to the boundless star field!"

"I'm the inheritor of the Eternal God Lord!"

He shouted indignantly, his voice spreading throughout the entire world!

"Chen Feiyang!"

Liu Mengxin's eyes instantly turned red as she shouted in disbelief.

"A mere inheritor of the god Lord Dares to challenge the dignity of my light wings? He's courting death!"

At this moment, a cold voice filled with might sounded from above!

"Hong!"

With a loud sound, huge rocks fell down one after another.

There was some blood mixed within the rocks!

At this moment, everyone looked at this scene in a daze.

Chen Feiyang was dead, Chen Feiyang was actually killed!

Hiss!

Everyone sucked in a breath of cold air, their faces filled with shock.

Chen Feiyang's strength was something everyone had witnessed. Just a few billion starry locusts were enough to wipe out all the gods.

But now, he was easily killed!

"No!"

When Liu Mengxin saw Chen Feiyang's corpse, her expression changed greatly, and she couldn't help but shout loudly!

"I am God Lord Guangyi. Now that the eternal kingdom has been opened, everyone should go and worship me!"

"All the gods on this planet will enter my eternal kingdom and become disciples within three days. Otherwise, the gods will perish!"

At this moment, a majestic voice enveloped the entire earth and entered everyone's ears.