Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2023: 2023: all living beings become servants and all gods become disciples

"I am God Lord Lightwing. The Eternal Divine Kingdom is now open. Everyone, go and worship!"

"All the gods on this planet, enter my eternal divine kingdom and become disciples within three days. Otherwise, the gods will perish!"

A vast and majestic voice resounded across the sky. The voice reverberated throughout the entire sky.

Everyone listened to this sentence in a daze. Their faces were filled with shock.

Especially those who were far away from Jiang City. When they heard this voice, their eyes were a little dazed, and their mouths were slightly agape.

"Light Wing God Lord? God Lord? This... why did a god Lord suddenly appear on our earth, Hiss!"

"The eternal divine kingdom has opened up. Is it the eternal divine kingdom from the South Pole Divine Tomb?"

"Allowing the gods to join the eternal divine kingdom and become disciples, that light wing God lord sure has an overbearing way of doing things!"

"The sky is going to change again!"

A shocking voice rang out, and everyone looked at the South Pole graveyard in a daze.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the wailing of Heaven and earth rang out, and the shadow of a mountain giant suddenly appeared in the void.

The shadow appeared for less than ten seconds before it began to slowly collapse.

The mountain god Lord's successor, Chen Feiyang, had fallen!

Hearing the mournful cries of heaven and earth and seeing the collapsing phantom, countless people were shocked.

Chen Feiyang was the biggest lucky person before the recovery of spiritual energy!

Especially the position of Jiang City. Today, it was a huge disaster for Jiang city.

The light wing God's main inheritor had fallen!

Not long ago, Chen Feiyang, who had still displayed his divine might, had crushed Suiyan and the five light god Tigers who had returned from the god's tomb.

But now, he had been killed so easily!

Everyone had witnessed Chen Feiyang's strength. He was definitely an invincible expert.

But he had been killed so easily by God Lord Guangyi. How powerful could god Lord Guangyi be?

In the sky above Jiang City, god Lord Guangyi indifferently swept his gaze over the corpses on the ground. His face was filled with contempt.

He waved his arm, and all the corpses of the space locusts and Chen Feiyang were directly collected.

"The Lord God is invincible!"

Beside the god Lord, Suiyan, who was in the light void form, shouted with excitement.

Next, it was the Dragon King's Turn!

"Buzz!"

The god Lord glanced around and the light disappeared instantly.

Next, he just had to wait for the gods to join the eternal divine kingdom!

As for whether there were any gods who did not join, he was not worried at all. Those who did not join, he could just kill them!

He believed that killing a god Lord's successor was enough to intimidate everyone!

"Roar Roar!"

God Lord Lightwing, who had teleported to the sky above the eternal divine kingdom in the South Pole, let out a soft roar. He emitted a powerful divine might and flew directly into the divine kingdom.

"God Lord Lightwing is here, God Lord Lightwing is here!"

When he entered the divine kingdom, the faces of the people who had entered the divine kingdom changed slightly, and they hurriedly shouted.

They had also heard the voice just now!

Everyone respectfully knelt on the ground and bowed to God Lord Lightwing.

Facing such a terrifying existence, they didn't dare not to kneel!

God Lord Lightwing glanced indifferently and crouched above the peak of the divine kingdom.

"Who would have thought that the god Lord in this divine tomb would be resurrected? Everyone worships him, and the gods are his disciples. Will the Dragon King Come Here?"

"Let's wait here. God Lord Guangyi is simply too terrifying. Chen Feiyang is the god Lord's successor, yet he was killed so easily!"

The people who entered the eternal divine kingdom saw God Lord Guangyi enter the center of the Divine Kingdom, and all of them were discussing in fear.

"Chen Feiyang!"

However, at this moment, in front of Jiang City's Dragon Gate Academy, Liu Mengxin's eyes were bloodshot as she looked at her surroundings.

The corpse had already been taken away by God Lord Guangyi, so she could only look forward with sadness.

This made her think of all the things Chen Feiyang had done to her during this period of time.

The gifts he had given her, the teasing words he had said to her every day!

"Brother, Chen Feiyang, he... He's dead!"

Liu Mengxin could not help but come to Xiao ran's side and burst into tears.

"Don't Cry, Don't cry. Let's go to master's place. Don't Cry!"

Xiao ran also patted his sister's shoulder with some sadness.

No matter what, Chen Feiyang gave everyone a pretty good impression, even if they had some grudges in the beginning!

However, Chen Feiyang had made a move to deal with the danger that Earth had encountered, and when Suiyan came over to take revenge, Chen Feiyang had helped him.

Suiyan's usual attitude, although he liked to act pretentious, was not annoying!

He spoke softly, and his eyes were filled with fear as he looked in the direction of the South Pole.

Who would want an eternal God there, a resurrected eternal God!

Moreover, the eternal God had asked all the gods on Earth to join his eternal divine kingdom and become his disciples!

How overbearing was it to become his disciple?

Even when the Dragon King had asked the gods to join the Dragon Palace as external members, he was not this overbearing!

Perhaps, this was the majesty and confidence of the Eternal Lord.

"Let's go to the Dragon Palace!"

Xiao ran patted Liu Mengxin's shoulder and the group immediately flew towards the Dragon Palace.

The current situation was not something he could solve!

Buzz

"Master!"

"Teacher!"

When Xiao ran and the rest arrived in the sky above the Dragon Palace, they saw Wang Xian and the leaders of the Dragon Palace floating in the sky.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded and looked towards the south pole with a slight frown.

"Master, Chen Feiyang is... He is dead!"

Xiao ran walked over and said in a low voice.

"I already know that the god of light wings is very powerful!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He had sensed it when Chen Feiyang died.

Chen Feiyang's death surprised him greatly. Chen Feiyang's strength had already ignited seven wisps of divine fire and possessed a special physique.

Before Wang Xian's level increased, he could not guarantee that he would be a match for him.

"Master, that God of light wings used less than a minute to kill Chen Feiyang. His strength might not have recovered to the level of the Eternal God Lord, but he should be close to the peak in the god Realm!"

"He wants all the gods to worship him. He wants all the gods to become his disciple. He wants all the living beings to be his servants and all the gods to be his disciples. He is the Master!"

Xiao ran continued to speak to Wang Xian with an embarrassed expression.

"That eternal God is too strong. I'm not his match!"

Ao he said with a solemn expression.

"Xiao Lan can now kill a God with eight wisps of divine fire. Judging from the power of the god of light wings, he should be above the eight wisps of Divine Fire!"

Lan qingyue frowned at the side.

"Xiao Xian, should we enter the transcendence continent to hide?"

Guan Shuqing and the other girls looked worried.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, it would be difficult for them to fight against the god Lord of Lightwing. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Ao he, if you devour the tomb in the North Pole, do you have the confidence to kill the god Lord of Lightwing?"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui suddenly asked ao he!

"Devour the damaged Eternal Divine Kingdom?"

Ao crab's eyes were shining. "If I devour that divine kingdom, I have the confidence to defeat or even kill him!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded slightly and looked at Wang Xian!

"Ba Qi, go and pick a soul-returning embryo fruit. Xiao ran, bring Ba Qi to the place where Chen Feiyang died!"

"Revive him. We will enter the divine kingdom at the North Pole and let ao crab devour the Divine Tomb!"

Wang Xian ordered the eight-limbed Xiao ran and the rest indifferently.

If it was a true eternal God, the Dragon Palace would naturally not be their match.

However, a God who had fallen and resurrected had yet to recover to his peak.

He wanted to see what qualifications he had to make them his disciples!

All living beings as servants and gods as disciples?

Hehe!