Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2024: 2024 gathered

"Uncle Ba Qi, can the Dragon Palace really save Chen Feiyang? Really?" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At this moment, in the void, Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and Liu Mengxin flew toward the place where Chen Feiyang had fallen with Ba Qi.

When Liu Mengxin heard the news that Chen Feiyang could be saved, she was excited.

"Kekeke, there's nothing our Dragon Palace can't do. The last time Xiao ran died, he was directly saved!"

Ba Qi smiled arrogantly and said indifferently.

"Last time, my brother's corpse was still okay. But this time, Chen Feiyang's... His body was taken away by the god Lord of Light Wings!"

Liu Mengxin's eyes flickered as she said this.

"Don't worry. You'll know soon enough!"

As Ba Qi spoke, the group sped up and flew towards River City.

When they arrived at River City, everyone turned their gazes towards Ba Qi.

Ba Qi took out the soul-returning cauldron and crushed it.

A special sensation entered his heart. With a slight jolt, the crushed soul-returning cauldron condensed once more, forming the image of Chen Feiyang.

However, it looked like it was only the size of a palm. It closed its eyes and did not move.

Chen Feiyang's death this time was different from Xiao Ran's. At the very least, Xiao ran still had a corpse. He did not even have a corpse.

The soul-returning embryo condensed into a body. Ba Qi smiled.

"Let's go back to the Dragon Palace!"

Under the shocked gazes of Liu Mengxin, Xiao ran, and the rest, everyone immediately flew toward the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King!"

After entering the Dragon Palace, Ba Qi handed the soul-returning embryo fruit to Wang Xian. "He still needs some energy to revive!"

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded. After hesitating for a moment, he looked at Lan Qingyue.

"Qingyue, he has the energy of Kun in his body. Let Xiao Lan release some energy to revive him!"

He said to Lan Qingyue.

Originally, Chen Feiyang already had some of Little Blue's systems in his body. These systems could not strengthen him in any way. Instead, they could control his life and death.

This time, if he used Kun's energy to completely revive him, it would also be an opportunity for him.

In the long run, this opportunity would be even more terrifying than the mountain god Lord's opportunity.

This could also be considered a compensation for swallowing his divine kingdom.

"Alright!"

Lan qingyue nodded. With a wave of her arm, a special gray energy entered Chen Feiyang's body.

Soon, Chen Feiyang's body slowly grew bigger, and he finally returned to his original appearance.

However, the energy in his body was only at the demigod level!

"En!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang's body moved, and Liu Mengxin, who was beside him, revealed a look of surprise and joy.

"He's Alive! He's Really Alive!"

She said with a pleasantly surprised expression.

"Oh? I... I'm dead, right? This..."

Chen Feiyang slowly opened his eyes and looked around. Then, he suddenly touched his own body.

"What's wrong with me? Why Am I so weak? What Happened?"

He said anxiously.

"You're already dead. Your body was taken away by the god Lord of Lightwing. Our Dragon King resurrected you. Keke!"

Octaqi smiled at him and said.

"I'm dead. I remember... Mengxin, I really died and was resurrected?"

He still looked at Liu Mengxin in disbelief and asked.

"Yes, it was teacher who brought you back to life. Because your body was taken away by the god Lord of Lightwing, he created a new body for you..."

Liu Mengxin started to explain to him.

This caused Chen Feiyang's expression to change continuously.

Not long ago, he had the strength of seven wisps of divine fire. Now, he was only at the demigod level.

This blow was very, very big to him.

"Let's go. Bring us into the god Tomb of the god of mountain. We need that God Tomb of yours!"

At this moment, Wang Xian said directly to Chen Feiyang.

"Chen Feiyang, after the god of light wings killed you, he opened up the Eternal God. He wanted all the living beings to worship him. He also wanted all the gods to enter his divine kingdom as his disciples. Teacher and the rest want to use the divine kingdom of the mountain god to increase their strength!"

Liu Mengxin immediately explained to him.

"He wants to use my eternal divine kingdom?"

Chen Feiyang was slightly stunned. His expression changed and he looked like he was in pain.

"Alright, it's already a new life for you to be revived by us. Furthermore, your body and physical energy are gathered by me. You can die completely with just a thought!"

Lan Qingyue said to him indifferently.

The corner of Chen Feiyang's mouth twitched. He nodded his head and accepted his fate. "Alright. No matter what, thank you for saving my life, Dragon King!"

He stood up and bowed slightly to Wang Xian.

He knew that being able to resurrect from the dead was already the greatest opportunity for him!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian gestured to ao crab and the rest. They immediately flew into the North Pole divine tomb.

Even though the divine tomb was damaged, it still contained a terrifying pressure.

If one wanted to enter the North Pole Divine Tomb with brute force, one had to have the strength of a peak godly state.

This was also the reason why Wang Xian and the rest did not enter the two tombs at the north and south poles.

Buzz

As the inheritor of the tomb, Chen Feiyang could freely enter the tomb.

Under his lead, the group entered the tomb.

"I was originally planning to wait until I reached the level of the eternal God Lord before making it my eternal divine kingdom. Now..."

Chen Feiyang looked around the tomb with a helpless expression!

"Ao crab!"

Wang Xian gestured to ao crab who was beside him!

"Alright Dragon King, the Divine Kingdom of the eternal divine lord, even if it's a slightly broken divine kingdom!"

Ao crab's face revealed a fiery expression.

"Roar!"

He growled in a low voice and his entire body underwent an earth-shattering transformation.

He was a gigantic and ferocious devouring dragon with a pitch-black body. There were sharp claws and spikes made of bone.

It had a pair of enormous wings made of bone, and its entire body was exuding an evil aura.

Its entire body was more than 10,000 meters in size.

"Hualala!"

At this moment, small devouring dragons of the same shape crawled out of his body.

The densely packed small devouring dragons revealed each of them to be three to four meters in size, and their faces were ferocious and terrifying.

While Chen Feiyang was dumbstruck, ao crab directly swallowed some of the buildings in the divine tomb.

Crack! Crack! Crack

A mountain peak that was thousands of meters in size was directly swallowed by Ao crab.

Following that, ao Crab's huge and savage body began to devour the surrounding mountains.

As a mountain peak in the Divine Kingdom of an eternal God, every one of them could be called a divine peak.

After ao crab devoured it, it immediately turned into majestic energy.

As long as the devouring dragon had enough resources, it could evolve to the peak!

"Mengxin, my heart is bleeding!"

Chen Feiyang looked at the eternal divine kingdom that originally belonged to him being devoured and said to Liu Mengxin with heartache!

"Alright, Alright. It's good that you're alive. Although the divine kingdom was lost, the inheritance is still there. You can still recover in the future!"

Liu Mengxin said to him with a smile!