Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2025: In 2025, all the living beings gathered

Ao Crab's devouring speed was very fast. His 10,000-meter-long body was wreaking havoc in the divine tomb, and the mountain peaks were decreasing at a terrifying speed.

At the same time, the aura on his body was even more terrifying!

"It's completely over. The Eternal Divine Kingdom. Back then, the mountain god Lord used nearly 10,000 years to build an eternal divine kingdom!"

Chen Feiyang looked at her unwillingly. He wanted to cry but no tears came out.

"I'm going to ignite the divine fire. I'll protect you from now on!"

Liu Mengxin smiled when she saw him like this.

"You said it yourself. I'll rely on you from now on!"

Chen Feiyang immediately stared at her and said.

"Huh? Why do I feel like you're up to no good?"

Liu Mengxin saw the change in his expression and raised her eyebrows as she stared at him warily.

"How can that be? Mengxin, my eternal divine kingdom is gone!"

He quickly pulled a long face and looked pitiful.

At this moment, he also knew that he had to cling tightly to Liu Mengxin.

The Dragon King's influence had completely exceeded his expectations, especially the monster that had devoured his divine kingdom. It was simply terrifying.

Even when he was at his peak, he was absolutely not a match for this monster.

"In the future, we'll cultivate together. I believe that one day, we'll definitely become the Eternal God Lord!"

Liu Mengxin smiled at him and comforted him.

"Mm, then in the future, we'll walk the path of cultivation side by side!"

Chen Feiyang's eyes flickered as he said.

"Kid, don't have any bad ideas. I wasn't your match in the past, but now... HMPH, you have to be more honest!"

Xiao ran, who was at the side, glanced at him when he saw this fellow's expression.

"UH..."

Chen Feiyang smiled embarrassedly and didn't say anything.

He had also clearly understood the current situation. The Eternal Divine Kingdom was gone, and his strength had fallen to the level of a demigod.

This was definitely an incomparably terrifying loss to him.

But he had just discovered that his constitution seemed to have undergone some changes.

He was very clear about his original mountain physique, but now, he discovered that his mountain physique had undergone some changes.

It had become stronger and more terrifying than before!

He was certain that back then, when he was in his current realm, he was definitely not as strong as he was now.

In fact, the current him could even defeat more than a dozen of him in his previous realm.

"It should be some of the physique of the space beast that is the Dragon King's wife. Now, my mountain body has become several times stronger than before!"

"With the inheritance that I have obtained, as long as I have enough resources, I will definitely be able to completely recover and even reach the eternal God Lord Realm!"

Chen Feiyang's mind was active as he thought about what to do next.

"Go, go, go. God Lord Guangyi wants all of us to go and worship him. Let's hurry over!"

"All below the gods are ants. This time, even if the gods don't go to the eternal divine kingdom, they'll Fall!"

"God Lord Guangyi is too overbearing. He actually wants all of us to worship him and make the gods his disciples. But... who dares not go?"

Just as Ao Xie was devouring the divine tomb, everyone in the world flew towards the eternal divine kingdom in the North Pole with solemn expressions.

With the words of the god Lord of Light Wing, the eternal divine kingdom had been opened and everyone was going to worship it. Who would dare not go?

This time, everyone discovered that the god Lord of light wing was much more domineering than the other gods.

Back then, even when the gods descended, they did not kill any mortals.

And when the god Lord of Light Wing killed Chen Feiyang, the god Lord's successor, tens of thousands of people were killed. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

It could be seen that the eternal god Lord treated them like ants.

Moreover, he even dared to declare that if the gods didn't join the eternal divine kingdom and become disciples, they would be sentenced to death, let alone mortals.

After witnessing the terrifying strength of the god Lord Guangyi, everyone had to go to the eternal divine kingdom to worship him.

The Eternal God Lord was already a mysterious and unknown terrifying existence to them.

Billions of people rushed toward the eternal divine kingdom in the South Pole.

They had to reach the eternal divine kingdom in three days.

After one day, more and more people gathered around the eternal divine kingdom.

The recovery of the spiritual energy had greatly improved the physique of many people. It was not difficult to rush here.

In just one day, two to three billion people had gathered around the eternal divine kingdom.

Everyone gathered around the eternal divine kingdom and looked at the divine kingdom with reverence in their eyes.

"So far, it seems that no gods have arrived, right?"

Some people who had just arrived floated in the sky and looked around, asking in surprise.

"Gods? Aren't the gods the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace? Xiao ran from the Dragon Gate Academy is the Dragon King's disciple, so they are naturally together!"

"Then do you think the Dragon King is a match for the god Lord of Light Wings?"

"How can he be a match for the god Lord of Light Wings? Chen Feiyang can only be so terrifying. He even has billions of space locusts, but wasn't he easily killed?"

Everyone discussed.

Now that all the living beings had rushed over, the gods were next.

The gods on Earth respected the Dragon King. The Dragon King's attitude might represent the attitude of the other gods.

They were all discussing whether the Dragon King would come over and submit?

Did the Dragon King have the strength to fight against the god Lord of Lightwing?

"You may not know about the eternal God Lord. In the boundless star field, an eternal god Lord can suppress an entire star field and control at least dozens of planets. With one strike, he can destroy planets. Even if the god Lord of Lightwing hasn't recovered to his peak, ordinary gods can not fight against him. Chen Feiyang is a good example!"

"Humph, the Dragon King and the others can destroy the gods, but there's a world of difference between the God realm and the Eternal God Lord Realm!"

"I dare say that the Dragon King and the others will definitely come. The Dragon King's Dragon Palace's strength is about the same as Chen Feiyang's. If he still wants to live, he will definitely come!"

The disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's sacred hall who had come with the gods said one by one.

They came from the boundless star field, so they naturally knew the majesty of the Eternal God Lord.

Moreover, they didn't have a good impression of the Dragon King or the Dragon Palace.

If the Dragon King hadn't destroyed the Lingxiao treasured palace or the sacred hall, they wouldn't have become ordinary people now because of their powerful background!

Some people in the surroundings were slightly silent when they heard their words.

The Eternal God Lord, an eternal god Lord who could easily destroy the inheritor of the god Lord, Chen Feiyang. This time, the Dragon King and the others were probably...

Some of them looked behind them and then in the direction of the eternal divine kingdom, waiting silently.

At this moment, on the highest mountain in the center of the Eternal Divine Kingdom, the god Lord of light wings slowly opened his eyes and stood up with his huge body.

An endless pressure came from his body, and the bright feathers around him swirled.

"I'm almost at the peak of the Godly State!"