Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2026: 2026 Dragon King! Here it comes

"Congratulations, Lord God Lord, your strength has increased once again. Congratulations, Lord God Lord, your strength has recovered!"

Within the eternal divine kingdom, Suiyan's illusionary light body kneeled in front of him and bowed respectfully.

"We are still quite a distance away from recovering to the god Lord Realm. However, once we recover to the peak of the God realm, we will be able to open up that Mountain Guy's Divine Kingdom!"

The god Lord raised his head slightly and looked towards the direction outside the divine kingdom.

"Lord God Lord, everyone on this planet has already rushed over here. I reckon that the entire world will soon gather in front of the divine kingdom and prostrate before you!"

Suiyan said respectfully to the god Lord!

"Oh? Why hasn't a single God arrived?"

The god Lord stared outside with a cold glint in his eyes as he asked indifferently.

"My Lord, all the gods now respect the Dragon King. Perhaps only when the Dragon King arrives will the other gods come. I just don't know if that Damned Dragon King will disobey my Lord!"

Suiyan immediately said.

"Dragon King? Hehe, if they don't come, then I'll use their flesh and blood and resources to recover my strength!"

The god Lord of Light Wings was full of powerful majesty. He didn't care about the Dragon Palace or the Dragon King at all.

"It's you, Lord God Lord. Even if we kill them, after we arrive at the boundless star area, it's enough to have more than ten gods from the Fire God Palace to serve you!"

Suiyan's eyes sparkled as he said.

The god Lord of light wings glanced at Suiyan indifferently. He knew what he was thinking.

However, he held his tiger head high and didn't argue with Suiyan. Right now, everything was focused on recovering his own strength.

As long as he recovered to the peak, how could he worry about having no gods to rely on?

This time, if a God didn't come, he would treat it as his own food!

"The spiritual energy on this planet has recovered, and the gods have revived. Many people have obtained quite a lot of opportunities. Go outside and summon some servants to manage my divine kingdom!"

The god Lord of light wings said calmly to Suiyan.

"Yes, Lord God Lord. I will do it right away!"

Suiyan immediately bowed and nodded.

The reason why the god Lord of Light Wings had opened up his divine kingdom and made all the living beings worship him was that he wanted to recruit some servants.

All the subordinates who had once followed him in battle had died. Now, the entire divine kingdom was empty, without any living creatures.

He needed at least tens of thousands of divine servants to take care of the entire divine kingdom.

At the same time, he also needed to make some preparations for his future development.

Earth had experienced the recovery of spiritual energy. One by one, the ancient lands of the divine kingdom appeared. This kind of opportunity was incomparably huge in the boundless star field.

Under various reasons, countless elites and geniuses would naturally be born.

Suiyan rode on a divine light tiger, and around him were more than ten divine light tigers.

He sat proudly on it and immediately flew out!

"There's a figure coming out of the eternal divine kingdom. Is it the divine lord of Light Wings?"

"There's movement in the divine kingdom. Quick, kneel down!"

At this moment, at the entrance of the eternal divine kingdom, when someone saw a figure coming out of the divine kingdom, they cried out in alarm.

Some people even knelt on the ground, their faces filled with reverence.

"It's Suiyan, the strongest person in the Fire God Palace!"

When Suiyan rode out of the Divine Kingdom of light, everyone immediately recognized him!

Two to three billion people immediately looked at him, their eyes filled with confusion.

"Lord God Guangyi is preparing to recruit ten thousand divine servants into the eternal divine kingdom. Light-attributed people and talented people can join!"

"Upon entering the eternal divine kingdom, you will become the servant of the Eternal Divine Lord. You will live in the eternal divine kingdom for eternity and enjoy the baptism of the divine kingdom. This will be a great opportunity for you!"

"Those who feel that they are qualified, step onto the steps of light and enter the Eternal Divine Kingdom!"

Suiyan rode on top of the Divine Light Tiger. His gaze swept across everyone in front of him as he announced proudly.

"Recruiting servants?"

When everyone heard his words, they were slightly shocked, especially those on earth. Becoming a servant was very difficult for them to accept!

"Becoming a servant of the eternal god Lord and staying in the eternal divine kingdom forever, is this true?"

"Being able to stay in the eternal divine kingdom forever, this is simply a huge opportunity. This is the eternal God Lord's Divine Kingdom!"

Different from some people on Earth, the disciples who followed them all revealed excited and passionate expressions.

Entering the eternal divine kingdom and living in the divine kingdom forever was simply a huge blessing.

This meant that behind him was a divine lord.

In the future, who would dare to provoke him in the boundless star field?

"I'm willing to join!"

"I'm willing to join!"

For a moment, one figure after another flew up the stairs of light.

"Greetings, Sir Suiyan. Sir, would you like to see if I have the qualifications to join?"

One person after another flew over and knelt in front of Suiyan.

Very quickly, there were several hundred thousand people in front of the stairs of light.

Among them were former disciples of the Sacred Hall and also former disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

There were even some disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy!

"If the god Lord of Lightwing suppresses everyone in the future, he will join the Eternal Divine Kingdom and become a divine servant. He will be high and mighty!"

"Not only that, an eternal god Lord has a lifespan of a million years. No one will dare to provoke him if he becomes the eternal god Lord's divine servant!"

At this moment, more people realized this problem!

"However, it's another story if the Lightwing god Lord can suppress the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

"Will the Dragon King and the others be a match for the Lightwing God Lord?"

"If they aren't a match for him, why didn't the Dragon King and the others rush over to become his divine disciples despite knowing how powerful the Lightwing God Lord is?"

Seeing more and more people flying over, the commotion around became even greater.

Soon, many people began to discuss the Dragon King and the Lightwing god Lord's strength.

"Hehe, if the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the others don't kneel here, tomorrow will be the day they die!"

Hearing the discussions in front of them, Suiyan said confidently.

Hearing his words, everyone felt a slight chill in their hearts.

More and more people knelt in front of the stairs of light, and Suiyan picked ten thousand of them. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The chosen people followed Suiyan excitedly, walking toward the eternal divine kingdom!

"Tomorrow, the divine lord of Lightwing will probably come out!"

"I wonder if the Dragon King and the others will come over. I wonder if a war will break out!"

Some people thought to themselves as they stood there and waited quietly.

At this moment, in the North Pole's divine tomb, a huge and ferocious body was wreaking havoc in the entire divine kingdom.

The Divine Kingdom, which covered an area of more than 10,000 kilometers, was now in an extremely sorry state.

Only one-tenth of the buildings and the mountain peaks remained.

"I should be able to finish devouring it by tomorrow. I wonder how strong Ao crab will be?"

Wang Xian stood at the top of a mountain peak and looked at it with a twinkle in his eyes.

He turned around slowly and looked in the direction of the South Pole!