Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2027: 2027 Dragon King! Here it comes

Ao crab: Dragon of devouring

Level: nine Wisps of divine fire

A Day passed very quickly. When the entire interior of the divine tomb was completely devoured, Wang Xian looked towards the center. Ao crab, whose entire body was emitting khaki and black energy, revealed a smile when he looked at its attributes!

"Nine wisps of divine fire. This is already sufficient!"

He mumbled. Under the circumstances where the Ao crab with nine wisps of divine fire was fighting against someone of a higher level, it was sufficient to be invincible under the Eternal Lord.

In fact, he might even be able to fight against the Eternal Lord!

"Master, it's already the third day. Shall we go over?"

Xiao ran walked over and looked at Wang Xian as he asked.

"Of course we have to go over. Since the god of light wings wants all the gods to go over, let's go and have a look!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly and looked at Lan Qingyue. "Bring Xiao Lan along. Let's go meet the god of Light Wings!"

"Alright!"

Lan qingyue nodded her head.

Wang Xian moved his body and flew out of the divine tomb, floating in the sky.

Buzz

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: two Wisps of Divine Fire (fifth transformation of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 542221/100000000000

Ability: rules the water race (rules the water race below its own level)

Devours living things (devours living things to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 6.

Dragon Palace member: 26,633

He had a thought and an attribute appeared in his mind. Looking at his own strength, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

When Lan Qingyue and the rest obtained a bunch of resources from Chen Feiyang, he lit up the second wisp of divine fire.

With two wisps of divine fire, he could fight against the god of eight wisps of divine fire with his full strength.

Prime Minister Gui, Ao Xie, and a group of girls stood beside Wang Xian!

Buzz

At this moment, a black hole the size of 100 kilometers appeared out of thin air behind them.

In the black hole, Xiao Lan's gigantic body slowly emerged!

"Let's go to the Eternal Kingdom of the South Pole!"

Lan qingyue touched Xiao Lan and said to him.

"Woo Woo!"

Xiao Lan shook her body slightly and opened her huge mouth.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest were about to head to the Eternal Kingdom of the South Pole...

The entire eternal kingdom suddenly trembled. A roar filled with endless majesty rang out.

"Is the god of light wings coming out?"

"The Dragon King and the rest are still not here. Are they preparing to fight against the god of Light Wings?"

Three days had already passed!

At this time, the number of people gathered in front of the eternal divine kingdom had already reached a few billion. Everyone in the world had gathered here!

When they saw the divine kingdom tremble and the roar, everyone's hearts trembled slightly!

The Radiant Wing God Lord had come out, but not a single God had arrived!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

At this time, on both sides of the entrance of the divine kingdom, divine servants wearing radiant armor quickly ran out and lined up neatly in two rows.

Their faces were filled with fervor and piety, and even a trace of madness!

At this moment, all of them were two levels higher than yesterday.

This was a promotion given to them by their Lord God.

They couldn't help but rejoice that their choice was so correct.

The five thousand people on both sides slightly raised their heads, revealing a trace of arrogance on their faces.

From today onwards, they were the eternal god Lord's divine servants. After today, the eternal God Lord would suppress everything, and they would also be above all the living beings in front of them!

Everyone was slightly stunned when they saw the divine servants who had joined the eternal divine kingdom yesterday. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

They felt the great change in their power, and shock appeared on their faces.

"Is this the benefit of joining the Eternal Divine Kingdom? Everyone will increase by two levels in one day. Hiss, is this the power of a god Lord?"

Everyone was extremely shocked, and some of them looked regretful.

"Hua La!"

Suddenly, the sound of flapping wings could be heard, and the divine servants on both sides immediately knelt on the ground.

"Lord God Lord Light Wing has arrived, all living beings worship him!"

A voice sounded from within the divine kingdom, and soon after, a huge figure filled with pressure slowly appeared.

Light Wings fluttered around him, and a divine crown of light appeared on his head!

At this moment, God Lord Lightwing's entire body was filled with an imposing aura, and his mighty divine might enveloped a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers!

"God Lord Lightwing!"

Everyone's hearts trembled as they felt this suppressive might that was like a prison. Everyone hurriedly knelt on the ground.

"Weng!"

God Lord Lightwing landed on the top of the stairs of light, looking down at the billions of people in front of him. His eyes were filled with indifference.

In his eyes, these mortals were just ants!

"None of the gods have arrived?"

God Lord Guangyi swept his gaze across everyone, his eyes flashing with a hint of coldness.

Not a single God had arrived. This was a provocation to him!

God Lord Guangyi's first words slightly surprised everyone. The area within a radius of more than 10,000 kilometers was deathly silent, and no one responded.

The Dragon King's group had yet to arrive, causing many people to be extremely astonished.

Could it be that the Dragon King really had the strength to contend with the Divine Lord of Lightwing?

"Reporting to the Divine Lord, not a single one of the gods with the Dragon King as their leader has arrived. They dare to disobey the divine lord and shall be punished with death!"

Suiyan followed behind and respectfully reported loudly.

"Disobeying the divine lord shall be punished with death!"

The tens of thousands of divine servants on both sides also shouted with cold faces.

"No one can challenge my dignity!"

A trace of killing intent appeared in the eyes of the god Lord of Lightwing.

Everyone instantly felt a chill in their hearts, as if a pair of invisible hands were pressing down on their necks!

"Next, is the god Lord of Lightwing going to kill the Dragon King and the others?"

Countless people thought in their minds.

Buzz

"Since the god of Light Wings has invited us, the Dragon Palace will naturally come over. I, the Dragon King, will naturally come over!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in the void.

Everyone was slightly shocked. They quickly raised their heads and looked up into the sky.

"This is?"

Right opposite the god of light wings, in the sky above billions of people, a gigantic black hole appeared out of thin air.

Inside the black hole, Wang Xian, Guan Shuqing, and the other girls, as well as the leaders of the Dragon Palace, strolled out!

"The Dragon King Is Here!"

"Is he going to become the disciple of the god of light wings?"

"Hiss, the Dragon King is here after all. It seems that the Dragon King is really afraid of the god of Light Wings!"

Everyone's expression changed slightly when they saw the figures of the Dragon King and the rest. Some of them could not help but mutter.

"Since you're here, why don't you scram to the front and kneel before us!"

When Suiyan saw Wang Xian and the rest, he roared with a ferocious expression.

The god of Wings of light also stared at Wang Xian and the rest with a cold gaze. His eyes were filled with indifference.

"Woo Woo!"

However, when Suiyan's voice had just faded, a deep voice sounded.

In the black hole, a gigantic object slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

Its 300-kilometer-long body instantly covered the sky of countless people!

When the surrounding people saw the Dragon King's figure standing on the huge beast, they were slightly shocked!

Was he here to submit?

He was obviously here to fight!