Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2028: God of War No. 2028

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In the sky in front of the Eternal Kingdom of South Pole, the god of light wings was facing Wang Xian and the rest from afar!

The surrounding air was somewhat frozen. Everyone could feel a terrifying aura brewing in the middle.

Wang Xian and the rest were standing on top of Xiao Lan's head. They were staring at the god of light wings with smiles on their faces!

As for Suiyan, they did not even take a glance at him.

"Woo Woo!"

Xiao Lan stared at the god of light wings with her huge eyes and let out a soft roar!

A savage aura emanated from her body without the slightest hint of fear.

"Hiss, that space behemoth is that Space Behemoth!"

"This is the space behemoth that covered Earth with the space locusts. Oh My God, this space behemoth is actually a member of the Dragon Palace!"

"This... this... This space beast. The Dragon King and the others have this terrifying space beast. They are completely qualified to fight against the god Lord of Light Wing!"

"Space Beast, why is the Dragon King leading this space beast? This is to fight against the god Lord of Light Wing..."

Shocked voices came from below. Everyone's faces were filled with shock.

Last time, when the space locusts covered the entire earth, a space behemoth appeared out of nowhere and averted the disaster on Earth.

Everyone thought that they were lucky. Now it seemed that this space behemoth was completely a member of the Dragon Palace, a subordinate of the Dragon King.

How terrifying was this space behemoth?

One thing everyone could be sure of was that it was definitely not weaker than Chen Feiyang, or even stronger.

The Dragon King had brought him here with such an attitude, and it was clear that he wanted to fight against the god Lord!

Suiyan looked at the space beast that came out of the black hole, and his eyes widened in shock.

When the divine servants who had joined the eternal divine kingdom saw this scene, they looked slightly embarrassed.

"Space Beast, I didn't expect there to be another space beast on this planet!"

Light Wing Master was also slightly stunned when he saw little blue.

In the universe, the most powerful single creature was the space beast.

Space Beasts roamed the space, feeding on all kinds of energy or other space beasts.

Each space beast had the power of a god-level, and there were very few space beasts less than five or six wisps of divine fire.

Slightly stronger space beasts were comparable to the eternal god Lord's strength.

As for those that were stronger, there were some.

In the history of the starry skies, Space Beasts were also known as disaster beasts.

As for space locusts, they couldn't become space beasts. They were only space beasts!

"Hahaha, but if I absorb the energy of this space beast, I'll definitely be able to obtain a huge recovery!"

However, all of a sudden, under everyone's astonished gaze, the god of Light Wings suddenly roared with laughter.

Hearing his excited laughter, everyone was slightly stunned!

"Facing such a terrifying space beast, not only is the god of light wings not worried at all, he is actually very happy. What a strong confidence he has!"

Everyone's eyes sparkled as they watched.

"As expected of the former eternal God. He is indeed arrogant!"

Wang Xian looked at his arrogant manner that did not put anyone in his eyes and said faintly.

"HMM?"

Used to be?

When the god of wings heard Wang Xian's words, the smile on his face stopped abruptly. He stared at Wang Xian with an awe-inspiring and cold gaze.

"I will make all the gods my disciples. Kneel or die. I will give you five seconds to choose!"

The God of Light Wings was still staring at Wang Xian and the rest with dignity!

"Tsk Tsk, what an arrogant beast!"

Eight-limbed mo sha sneered when he saw how arrogant this fellow was and how he ignored everything.

"Roar Roar, since you have chosen to die, I will fulfill your wish!"

When the god of light wings heard eight-limbed Mo Sha's words, killing intent instantly filled his entire body.

"Do you really think that you can fight against me with the help of the Space Beasts? It's just a giant beast that is comparable to eight wisps of divine fire!"

He raised his head and a pair of huge wings of light unfolded.

"Roar!"

With a tiger roar, a tiger head with a radius of more than 100 kilometers attacked Wang Xian and the rest directly.

The head of the Tiger of light soared into the sky as if it wanted to devour the entire sky. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

At this moment, the billions of people below revealed a look of fear.

"This is bad. If we were to fight, even if it was just a small ripple, we wouldn't be able to withstand it!"

"This is bad. In a battle of this level, if some energy were to sweep over, tens of millions of people could be turned into ashes!"

When everyone saw the radiant wing God attacking, their faces revealed a look of fear.

Behind them, countless people hurriedly fled into the distance.

"TSK tsk, he clearly hasn't recovered to the god Lord realm yet, and he actually dares to call himself a god Lord. HMPH!"

Ao crab saw the radiant tiger head that was attacking them, and a trace of coldness appeared on his face.

His body trembled, and a dragon head of a devouring dragon instantly condensed in the sky.

The Dragon Head was incomparably savage, and it was also 100 kilometers in size. It was filled with an evil aura.

Dragon Head vs Tiger Head!

Ao crab vs God Lord Lightwing!

"Roar!"

"Roar! Roar!"

The dragon roared and the tiger roared. The two enormous dragon heads of the devouring dragon clashed against God Lord Lightwing's Tiger Head, tearing at it madly.

In an instant, waves of terrifying light energy and dark earth elemental energy shot out in all directions.

The battle erupted!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

Little Blue's body shook, and streaks of earthen yellow energy appeared below, enveloping everyone below.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Countless amounts of energy landed on the energy barrier and were completely blocked.

"It was the Dragon King and the others who blocked the shockwaves of the battle!"

"Hu, the Dragon King is still on Earth. Regardless of whether Earth enters the boundless star field or encounters danger in the chaotic region, it was the Dragon King and the others who took care of it!"

"I hope the Dragon King can defeat the god Lord of Lightwing!"

"Look, the one who took action is the Dragon King's subordinate. He blocked the god Lord of Lightwing's Attack!"

When everyone below saw this scene, they heaved a heavy sigh of relief.

They looked up into the sky and saw the enormous dragon head and tiger head colliding. The Tiger Head was actually torn open with huge wounds.

"Oh?"

God Lord Lightwing's pupils constricted slightly when he saw the scene in the sky. His gaze was fixed on ao crab!

"You are actually able to withstand my attack. It seems that you really do have some strength!"

"However, the stronger you are, the better. This means that after I kill you, I will be able to recover even faster!"

God Lord Lightwing's entire body revealed a sinister expression. Waves of light energy trembled on his body.

A terrifying radiance covered half the sky!

"The Dragon King and the others are very powerful. However, you have completely angered God Lord Lightwing. You are finished. You are finished!"

When Suiyan saw that the Dragon King and the others were actually able to block god Lord Lightwing's attack, his expression changed slightly.

However, very quickly, he growled with a malevolent expression.