Chapter 2029: 2029 under the god of war

"Kill the Dragon King and the others. The Lord God is invincible!"

"How can a Dragon King be a match for the Lord God? Wait for your death!"

On both sides of the stairs of light, 10,000 divine servants were slightly shocked when they saw the powerful attacks of the Dragon King and the others.

However, soon after, they roared ferociously.

They had joined the eternal life divine kingdom and become the divine servants of the god Lord of Light Wing. Naturally, they hoped that the god Lord of Light Wing could kill the Dragon King and the others.

They hoped that the god Lord of light wing could suppress the entire planet and lead them into the boundless star field to suppress an area.

"The god Lord of Light Wing is invincible. He killed the small fry of the Dragon Palace!"

Suiyan roared loudly!

"The god Lord of Light Wing is invincible. He killed the small fry of the Dragon Palace!"

The rest of the divine servants followed suit and roared.

"Roar! Roar!"

God Lord Lightwing's body was emitting a powerful and terrifying pressure. His huge body slightly bent, and in an instant, he pounced toward ao Xie toward little blue.

His enormous wings, divine crown, and terrifying pressure.

This leap of his was filled with invincible power.

"Little blue, pull him into the Kun region!"

Lan qingyue immediately ordered little blue.

By pulling him into the Kun region, they would be able to gain the upper hand and prevent the battle from affecting the people below.

If they were to really fight, just the aftershocks of the battle would be enough to kill everyone below.

"Weng!"

"Wu Wu Wu!"

Little Blue looked at God Lord Lightwing who was charging over. His body trembled slightly, and a terrifying black hole appeared in front of him. A powerful suction force was transmitted over.

"This is?"

God Lord Lightwing's body shone brightly, wanting to resist the suction force of the Kun region!

He struggled with all his might, and his incomparably powerful strength caused his body to remain motionless.

"Come in!"

Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, Ao Qi, and the others looked at each other and roared wildly.

One chain after another, one thorn after another, a total of eleven berserk dragon species and four starwood dragon species pulled toward God Lord Lightwing.

Even though their strength was only comparable to the four wisps of divine fire, it was still a considerable disturbance to the god of light wings.

"The Divine Kingdom's domain? Even if I enter, what can you do to me?"

The God of Light Wings moved his body and entered the Kun region.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, Wang Xian and the rest entered the Kun region as well. Everything in the sky vanished instantly.

"This... This situation is exactly the same as when Chen Feiyang wanted to suppress him for an entire lifetime!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"He disappeared. Where did the Space Beast take them? Why did he suddenly disappear?"

"Do you guys think that the Dragon King and the rest are a match for the god of Light Wings? I still support the Dragon King to defeat the god of Light Wings!"

"I don't know. But since they were able to bring him into the void, the Dragon King and the rest are definitely not weak!"

Voices of discussion came from below.

Some timid people took advantage of this opportunity and quickly hid far away.

The entire eternal divine kingdom was in chaos.

"The Lord God is invincible!"

Suiyan and the divine servants only stared at the void, their faces slightly malevolent.

Everyone scattered around and waited quietly.

"Roar!"

At the same time, in the Kun region, the god of lightwings scanned the entire space with a cold expression.

"Is this the divine kingdom territory of the Space Behemoth?"

The god of Lightwings'face was filled with a dense aura as he stared coldly at Wang Xian and the rest!

"A fallen God Lord is not recovering properly. Now, he wants us to become your divine disciples. Then, this time, I will let you die completely!"

Wang Xian stared at the god of light wings with a cold look in his eyes.

A God master who had yet to recover to his peak wanted to enslave them?

"Roar! My light wings have been conquering the void for hundreds of thousands of years. Today, I will add your blood to my eternal divine map!"

The god of light wings spread his enormous wings and flapped them slightly.

A divine map of light slowly appeared on his back.

On the divine diagram, there was the image of a godly tiger. Below the godly tiger, countless creatures were kneeling and worshipping. In the middle, there was a gigantic blood pool.

The blood pool was emitting a strong bloody smell.

The entire divine diagram was gigantic and had a radius of more than a hundred kilometers!

Boom

The god of light leaped into the air and attacked Wang Xian and the rest directly.

The divine map of light revolved around the surroundings, emitting a strong power of light.

"TSK TSK, let me experience your strength!"

"Roar Roar!"

Ao crab leaped forward from Xiao Lan's body. His body immediately transformed into a ferocious devouring dragon.

His entire body was filled with sharp thorns and bones. His ferocious tail swept towards the god of light wings.

"You're courting death!"

God Lord Lightwing also wagged his tail. The divine map of light spun, and streams of energy poured into the tiger's tail!

"Boom!"

A terrifying collision was heard, and God Lord Lightwing's face was filled with confidence and arrogance.

His strength had recovered to nine wisps of divine fire, and with the help of the divine map of light wing, his natal artifact, he felt that he was invincible under the eternal master.

Facing the ferocious ao crab in front of him, he was not worried at all.

However, when he collided with the Ao crab, his expression suddenly changed.

The collision between the dragon tail and the tiger tail did not send the opponent flying, even with the support of the divine map.

Instead, an intense pain came from the tiger tail.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, the incomparably ferocious devouring dragon head directly bit towards him.

"Roar! Roar!"

God Lord Lightwing also roared loudly. The divine light diagram draped over his body, and the god Lord on the divine light diagram bit towards ao crab.

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

When the Divine Tiger on the divine light diagram bit ao crab, a series of cracking sounds rang out.

The god Lord's expression changed slightly!

"How is this possible? Your Strength..."

At this moment, his expression changed slightly. He flapped his wings slightly and two enormous wings of light slashed towards ao crab.

"Boom! Boom!"

Ao crab also flapped his enormous wings of bone to meet the wings of light.

A violent collision sounded and the wings of light disappeared instantly!

"Roar! Roar!"

Ao crab raised his sharp dragon claws and clawed towards the body of the god Lord of light wings.

"Light wing divine map, cover my body!"

The Light Wing Divine Master roared and covered his body with the divine map. The creatures on the map raised their hands, and a terrifying shield of light condensed in front of them.

"Peng!"

The Dragon Claw landed on the divine map, but there was no fluctuation at all!

"Damn it, you are a beast, how can you have such terrifying strength!"

The Light Wing Divine Master's face was extremely ugly at this time.

The arrogance and confidence that he had in his hands had completely disappeared. He opened his huge mouth and a terrifying flare of light shot towards ao crab.

"Roar! Roar! Today, I, ao crab, will definitely kill you!"

When ao crab heard his words, his entire body shot out a terrifying killing intent. Similarly, he opened his Savage Dragon Mouth and shot out an attack covered in black spots!

"Boom!"

The sound of an explosion rang out again!