Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2030: The 2030 Dragon Palace was invincible in this world and could sweep through all enemies

The short-term attack was completely evenly matched!

Ao crab was very strong and could almost fight two levels above him. However, the god of light wings could not be treated with common sense.

The most terrifying thing was the divine map of light wings on the god of light wings. It was once an eternal god-level divine artifact.

Even though its power had decreased, it could still be considered invincible below the eternal god-level!

"Xiao Lan, let's Fight!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he watched the battle between Ao he and the god of wings.

With Ao he's strength, he might not be able to kill the god of wings in a short period of time.

"Xiao Xian, be careful!"

The group of girls immediately said.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, the only ones who could participate in the battle were Wang Xian, Xiao Lan, and Ao he.

The rest of Ao Qitian and the others were only comparable to the gods with four wisps of divine fire.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian let out a furious roar. His entire body immediately turned into a few thousand meters in size. His seven-colored body was flickering with light.

Buzz

His body trembled. Behind him, the Dragon Palace slowly appeared behind him.

The five elements grinding mill was suspended high above his head while the yin-yang tai chi was suspended below him!

"Dragon Palace, Boost!"

"Five elements, extinguish the long river!"

Wang Xian let out a furious roar. Streams of extinguishing long river headed straight for the god of light wings.

Buzz

At this moment, the entire Kun region suddenly trembled. An invisible gray energy was suppressing the god of light wings.

"Damn it, there are actually two gods who are comparable to eight wisps of divine fire. The strength of you bunch of damn fellows is really beyond my expectations!"

"However, you still have to die. Light wing divine map, strengthen my body!"

The God Lord of Light Wing roared, and the hundred-kilometer divine map slowly entered his body.

His body expanded again, directly becoming fifty kilometers in size. Even ao crab looked much weaker in front of him.

Buzz! Buzz

But at this time, ao crab's body also trembled.

Dragon Palace Buff!

A level-six Dragon Palace could increase the offensive power of a member of the Dragon Palace by ten times. This ten times could give ao crab almost 100% of the strength to fight against the Eternal God Lord!

"Roar!"

Ao crab roared and his body also transformed into dozens of kilometers in size as he attacked the god Lord.

The river of destruction swept over, and the suppression of the Kun region descended.

"What?"

God Lord Lightwing's expression changed once more when he saw ao crab's strength increase once more!

He stared at the river of annihilation in front of him, then waved his enormous wings!

Whoosh

Light swept past, and the river of annihilation dissipated!

He then leaped forward and bit at ao crab.

Boom

At this moment, a gray energy pressed down on his body, causing his momentum to slow down slightly!

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, ao Crab's sharp dragon claws landed heavily on the head of the god of Lightwing.

"Roar!"

An intense pain was emitted from the god of Lightwing's mouth. Numerous wounds appeared on his head.

"Five elements trap, Chains!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Wang Xian stood in the distance, swaying his huge body as he shouted again.

The five elements chains headed towards the god of Lightwing.

Buzz

At the same time, the entire Kun region trembled gently once again.

A powerful force landed on the body of the god of light wings once again.

The pressure of the Kun region was as though the god of light wings was constantly supporting Xiao Lan's body in battle.

With Xiao Lan's body size of 300 kilometers, one could imagine how terrifying the pressure was!

Even though his strength was almost invincible below the eternal God Lord, this force still placed a huge restriction on him.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Chains covered the sky as they wrapped around God Lord Lightwing. With his white body and bloody wounds on his head, god Lord Lightwing looked somewhat savage.

"You bunch of Damnable Fellows, I'm the Eternal God Lord, and you actually injured me!"

God Lord Lightwing, who was high up in the sky, was injured as he roared in a somewhat berserk manner.

"This is only the beginning!"

Ao crab's enormous body flew over. His Savage Dragon Head, terrifying dragon claws, and sharp bone spikes pounced over.

Whoosh

God Lord Lightwing shook hard, and the five elemental chains around him instantly collapsed. He stared at Ao crab with his blood-red eyes.

"Roar!"

With a wild roar, the countless light wings around him transformed into divine light tigers. Each divine tiger was ten meters in size, and they pounced densely on ao crab.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Ao crab's gaze swept across the densely packed light bodies, and his body was also awe-inspiring.

Within his dragon scales, many small devouring dragons crawled out, their blood-red eyes staring at the Divine Light Tigers.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

20,000 to 30,000 small devouring dragons directly bit towards the Divine Light Tigers!

Ao crab continued to charge forward, his dragon tail sweeping out!

The terrifying dragon tail even caused the entire Kun region to tremble!

"Light praise, Tiger Tail Blessing!"

The god Lord of Light Wing's expression changed slightly, and his tiger tail raised high.

"Weng Weng Weng!"

The sounds of praise rang out around him, and countless phantoms floated around him. Waves of powerful light energy poured into the tiger tail!

The second collision!

"Hong!"

The Tiger's tail, which was blessed by billions of creatures, collided with Ao crab once again.

Crack! Crack

A cracking sound was heard. The moment the tiger's tail collided with ao crab, it bent slowly!

The dragon's tail continued to entangle him.

The praises of billions of creatures around him dissipated instantly.

"What!"

At this moment, the expression of the god of wings of light finally changed drastically. A look of panic appeared on his face.

"Yin-yang five elemental spear!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was floating by the side, emitted a bright and miserable glow.

The five elemental grinding above his head emitted a five-colored divine light. The yin-yang Poles beneath his body emitted a black and white Aurora.

A spear condensed and was over ten kilometers long. It directly attacked the god of light wings.

"Boom!"

In just an instant, the god of light wings, whose tail was injured by the tiger, was instantly struck by the Yin-yang five elemental spear.

This attack was Wang Xian's strongest attack at the moment!

It contained seven attributes, and its penetrative and offensive power had reached its peak!

"PFFT!"

The Yin-yang five elements spear penetrated into the winged god's abdomen and only penetrated about one to two kilometers.

"My strength is still one or two levels lower than him!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly when he saw that his full-strength attack had only caused such damage.

Of course, he did not intend to seriously injure his opponent. With his strength, it was impossible for him to do so.

"You Ant, you deserve to die!"

The God of light wings was in pain. He pounced at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression!

Buzz

At this moment, the Kun region trembled again. The gray energy landed on his body, causing his body to tremble again.

"You are the one who deserves to die. If you want to attack our Dragon King, you have to go through me, ao crab!"

Ao crab swayed his body and his dragon tail wrapped around him.

Two huge dragon claws clawed at him crazily.

In an instant, blood gushed out!