Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2031: The 2031 Dragon Palace was unrivalled in this world, and it swept through all enemies

"AO AO!"

Agonized screams rang out within the Kun region. God Lord Lightwing swayed his enormous body, and a terrifying light shot out in all directions!

The Divine Crown above his head rose, striking towards ao crab.

"Boom!"

The terrifying strike caused ao crab to loosen his dragon tail and dodge to the side!

"Roar!"

He opened his mouth, and a terrifying black earth-colored energy tide charged towards God Lord Lightwing.

"Roar! Roar!"

God Lord Lightwing was sent flying backwards by the energy tide.

Blood began to seep out of his mouth.

At this moment, his eyes revealed a hint of terror.

At this moment, he sensed the threat of death!

"Damn it, damn it!"

He shook his body in panic. He knew that he had been careless.

He should not have entered this domain.

He had never imagined that there would be creatures on this planet that could contend with him and even injure him.

If he continued to fight, he might be heavily injured or even die!

"Leave this domain, or I might die!"

God Lord Lightwing thought to himself with an extremely ugly expression.

He glanced warily at ao crab, then turned around and fled to the back!

"Want to escape? Aren't you the Invincible Eternal God Lord? Didn't you want us to become your disciples? Why are you fleeing now?"

Ao crab said mockingly when he saw that God Lord Lightwing was actually trying to escape.

His body moved, shaking his enormous body as he directly charged towards the attack.

"As long as I leave this place, as long as I leave this place, without the suppression of this space behemoth divine kingdom, I might not necessarily be a match for that monster!"

God Lord Lightwing's eyes flickered with light as he fled towards the void behind him.

"Peng!"

However, when he flew 500 kilometers, he suddenly seemed to hit an invisible barrier!

The expression of the god of wings of light changed instantly!

"Die!"

Behind him, ao crab's terrifying dragon tail swept out once again.

The god of Wings of light, who was already hit, could not dodge in time.

Boom

The dragon tail landed on the body of the god of Wings of light, causing him to fall directly into the Void!

At this moment, Wang Xian's five elements annihilation river was attacking him.

Buzz

The obliteration river landed on his body, causing his body to tremble. More blood flowed out from his wound.

Even if the five elements obliteration river could not injure him, it could still make him feel extremely uncomfortable.

There was ao crab who could not be defeated even if he fought him alone.

There were two races at the peak of the universe, the seven-colored divine dragon and the Kun. Under such circumstances, he felt extremely aggrieved.

Entering Little Blue's Kun region, he couldn't even teleport.

"No, I have to get out!"

God Lord Lightwing felt the intense pain on his body. His tiger body shook, and the divine map of light that covered his body slowly rose.

"Weng Weng Weng!"

All the creatures in the divine map seemed to have revived. They walked out from the divine map and stood behind it.

The billions of creatures on the divine map sat cross-legged on the ground, murmuring and worshipping piously.

Under the blessing of the billions of creatures, a light barrier rose up.

Boom

At the same time, God Lord Lightwing's tiger palm directly attacked the area in front of him.

The entire Kun region trembled slightly, and cracks appeared in front of him.

"Wu Wu Wu!"

Xiao Lan sensed the collapse of the Kun region. With a roar, the cracks began to slowly heal.

"God Lord Lightwing, don't even think about escaping. TSK TSK, I've never killed a god Lord before. You can be the first!"

Ao crab looked over and shook his body as he charged towards the divine map.

"Boom!"

The terrifying collision caused the billions of living beings below the divine map to instantly dissipate.

"Roar!"

His dragon head directly bit towards the divine diagram. Below, half of the living beings of the divine diagram died.

"Damn it, this planet has only just recovered its spiritual energy. How can there be such a terrifying existence! ?"

God Lord Guangyi couldn't help but roar wildly. He shot out vast amounts of light energy from his mouth and attacked the Kun region once more.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Cracks appeared once more!

Crash

However, behind him, the sound of the light shield formed by the divine diagram collapsing could be heard.

"Oh no!"

His expression changed greatly, and he hurriedly dodged to the side.

Peng

However, ao Crab's Dragon Claw had already arrived, and it landed directly on God Lord Lightwing's chest.

Pu

The terrifying sharp dragon claw directly entered god Lord Lightwing's body.

God Lord Lightwing was once again heavily injured!

"No, no! Light heal! Light Life Force!"

God Lord Lightwing roared, and the injuries on his body quickly healed.

At the same time, the tiger palm attacked ao crab.

"Roar!"

Ao crab opened his mouth wide and bit the tiger palm into his mouth.

His sharp teeth, which were strong enough to bite through an eternal divine kingdom, were immediately broken!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

A painful sound was heard. The face of the god of Wings of light began to twist.

Roar

A stream of bright energy spewed out from his ferocious face as he charged toward ao crab.

Ao crab's two gigantic bone wings blocked the front and completely blocked his attack.

"Don't let him escape!"

At this moment, Wang Xian saw the god of wings of light desperately trying to escape. He immediately spoke to Ao crab.

"Roar! Roar!"

Ao crab's gigantic dragon head went straight for the god of light wings.

At this moment, the god of light wings completely ignored the attacks from the back. At this moment, if he did not escape, he would be done for.

He continued to bite. His eyes were blood-red as he charged forward once again.

Crack! Crack! Crack

The sound of the Kun region shattering was heard. His eyes revealed a look of hope.

"AO AO!"

However, at this moment, a pain that was almost tearing his body apart came over. Half of his body was bitten directly. He felt as if his body was about to break!

"Bang!"

In front of him, the Kun region was completely torn apart. Slowly, the world that was like a black hole began to collapse.

"Can you escape?"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw the god of light wings being bitten.

He moved and transformed into a human form before landing on Xiao Lan's body.

The world below gradually appeared in front of everyone.

At this moment, countless people were scattered around.

When they saw the scene in the sky, it was as though space had been shattered. Everyone widened their eyes and looked up at the sky in shock.

A gigantic head appeared out of thin air above them. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It's the god Lord! It's our God Lord! hahaha! The god Lord has killed all of them!"

"The god Lord has come out! Could it be that our god Lord has won?"

When Suiyan and the 10,000 divine servants saw the gigantic head appear out of thin air, their faces were filled with excitement.

They roared loudly.

When the others saw the head appear out of thin air and heard Suiyan's excited roars, their faces were filled with shock!

Could it be...