Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2032: The 2032 Dragon Palace was invincible in this world and could sweep through all enemies

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Could it be that the Dragon King and the others were really killed by the god Lord of Light Wings?

Everyone looked at the huge head that appeared out of thin air, and their faces were filled with shock.

The god Lord of Light Wings was about to come out, which meant that nothing had happened to him. Then...

"Roar! Roar!"

Just as everyone was guessing in their hearts, Suiyan and the tens of thousands of divine servants were filled with excitement and excitement.

The god Lord with his head poking out let out a miserable shriek that shook the world.

Everyone was shocked and widened their eyes.

"Crack Crack Crack!"

The sky above them collapsed like glass. The Kun region had completely disappeared, and a shocking scene appeared.

At this moment, the god Lord's body was bitten by an incomparably large and ferocious creature. A large amount of blood covered his snow-white body.

One of his tiger palms had completely disappeared, and a rich bloody smell filled the entire starry sky.

Behind god Lord Lightwing, the Dragon King and the others stood in front of the space behemoth!

"Keke, why are you running? God Lord Lightwing, didn't you want us to become your disciples? Why are you running?"

Eight-limbed demon Sha and the others'mocking voices rang out.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

God Lord Lightwing shook his enormous body violently, trying to break free from Ao Crab's bite.

However, as a devouring dragon, ao Crab's most powerful part was his teeth and his dragon head. How could he break free so easily.

He let out a furious roar.

Everyone below was completely stunned when they heard the voices of the eight-limbed Mosha and the others!

They were especially shocked when they saw the light wing god Lord being bitten by the Dragon King's subordinates.

This... This wasn't the light wing God Lord killing the Dragon King and the others. It was the light wing god Lord trying to escape!

"This is impossible. This is absolutely impossible. Lord Light Wing is a god Lord. This is a god Lord that can suppress an entire lifetime in the endless star field!"

"Even if Lord God Lord hasn't recovered to his peak, he is definitely not someone an ordinary god can contend against!"

At this moment, Suiyan was somewhat absent-minded. As a god that had descended here, as an expert of the endless star field, he naturally knew how powerful god Lord Lightwing was.

Even if he hadn't recovered to his peak, with his current strength, he was still the strongest existence in the endless star field apart from the five God lords.

As long as he had some resources, god Lord Lightwing would become the sixth space expert in the endless star field.

But now, he was defeated by the people of the Dragon Palace!

How could this be?

"Gulp!"

On both sides of the stairs of light, the tens of thousands of divine servants looked at the scene in the sky in a daze.

Cold sweat appeared on their heads. They opened their mouths and felt that the sky was dark.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an incomparably shrill scream came from the sky. Under everyone's shocked gazes, the god of Wings struggled with all his might.

His body was torn apart. There was only one head and two legs. Half of his body broke free and quickly fled towards the eternal divine kingdom below.

"Roar!"

Ao crab let out a low roar. His head bit onto the half of the god of Lightwing's body and swept towards Wang Xian and the rest.

"Do you think you can hide just by entering the Eternal Kingdom?"

His body moved and he quickly chased after the front half of the god of Lightwing's body. He dived towards the eternal kingdom below.

Buzz

In the sky, the blood of the god of Lightwing spilled onto the ground like rain.

His body, which was over a hundred kilometers long, rapidly shrank. When he entered the eternal divine kingdom, the entire eternal divine kingdom instantly flashed with the power of light.

"Ahhhhh!"

The light flashed, and a repulsive force repelled Suiyan and the other divine servants.

God Lord Lightwing sealed the entire eternal divine kingdom.

The divine servants who were repelled let out a miserable shriek, their faces blank.

"Do you think you can stop me with your divine kingdom? !"

Ao Crab's eyes were cold as he roared at God Lord Guang Wing. His huge dragon claws clawed at the sky above the eternal divine kingdom.

Boom

A terrifying force landed on the divine kingdom, causing a huge crack to appear on the light barrier.

In the Eternal Divine Kingdom, God Lord Guang Wing watched this scene in shock. His face was filled with fear.

"How is this possible? How can there be such a terrifying existence in such a small planet? !"

"I, Guangyi, have waited for hundreds of thousands of years to be resurrected. It was not easy for me to wait for this opportunity to be resurrected. I am not willing to accept this!"

He looked at the crack in the Eternal Kingdom. When he saw ao crab charging in, his face was filled with despair!

"Let's go, we'll go too!"

Wang Xian's figure moved as he spoke to Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, and the rest. Immediately, he flew into the eternal kingdom.

"Roar, Roar, give me a chance. Give me a chance. I can give this eternal kingdom to you guys. Don't kill me!"

Wang Xian had just entered when he heard the god of Light Wings Roar with a face full of fear.

"TSK TSK, if I kill you, this eternal kingdom will naturally belong to us!"

Ao crab said coldly, and his enormous body attacked once more.

"No, no, I am willing to become your divine servant. Don't kill me!"

God Lord Lightwing couldn't help but beg for mercy when he saw ao crab charging over.

"Me, me? You Still Call Yourself Me in front of us? You Better Die!"

Ao crab's enormous dragon head directly bit towards God Lord Lightwing's Tiger Head.

He was already severely injured. Without half of his strength, there was no way he could block ao crab's attack.

Ao crab bit on the head of the god of Wings of light.

Boom

At the same time, a destructive darkness and earth attribute covered his head.

Roar! Roar! Roar

A muffled voice filled with despair rang out. The life force of the god of wings of light had completely dissipated.

Wang Xian and the rest looked at this scene indifferently. A faint smile appeared on their faces.

"Put away the body of the god of Wings of light. This is a huge amount of resources!"

Wang Xian ordered the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded excitedly.

"Move all the treasures of the eternal kingdom into the Dragon Palace!"

Killing the god of light wings was another significant amount of resources. These resources should be able to increase the number of godly state experts in the Dragon Palace.

Apart from that, the body of the god of light wings should be enough for AO qitian and the rest to upgrade to at least five to six wisps of divine fire.

At that time, the high-end combat strength of the Dragon Palace would also increase a little!

Wang Xian and the rest were full of smiles.

Chen Feiyang, who was standing at the side, watched this scene silently.

An eternal God who could easily kill him was now easily killed by the Dragon King and the rest.

He could not help but feel fortunate that he did not go to the Dragon Palace to provoke the Dragon King last time. Otherwise, he would have been killed.