Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2033: 2033, the boundless gods were waiting

"The god of Light Wings is dead. With that scream, the god of Light Wings is dead!"

"Hiss, it seems like he's really dead. The Dragon King and the others killed the god of light wings. The Dragon King and the Dragon Palace are simply too powerful!"

"This... the god of light wings could easily kill Chen Feiyang, but he still ended up dying in the hands of the Dragon King and the others!"

"This god Lord Guangyi was so arrogant that he made us all come and worship him. He made all the gods his disciples, but in the end, he was killed by the Dragon King's Dragon Palace. Is he no longer arrogant?"

When everyone heard the god Lord Guangyi's miserable screams coming from the eternal divine kingdom, they all had gloating expressions on their faces.

The god Lord Guangyi made all the living beings come and worship him. They didn't dare to disobey him, so everyone came.

But he had arrogantly made the Dragon King and the others his disciples, and now... Hehe, he must have been killed!

No one had a good impression of the divine lord.

Seeing them as ants, they naturally wanted to see the divine lord die!

"Lord Suiyan, what... What should we do?"

On the steps of light, when the tens of thousands of divine servants heard the screams of the Eternal God Lord's death, they were completely dumbfounded. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Now that their master was dead, what could they do?

What could they do?

Moreover, would the Dragon King kill all of them next?

"What should we do? What should we do?"

At this moment, Suiyan was a little broken. He murmured and looked a little absent-minded.

From being destroyed by the Dragon King in the Fire God Palace, to obtaining opportunities in the eternal divine kingdom, to leading a group of Divine Tigers of light to take revenge, his body was damaged.

Now that the Eternal Lord was killed, he had completely collapsed.

What was he going to use to seek revenge against the Dragon King?

Buzz

At this moment, the Eternal Kingdom opened up once again. A strong force of light was emitted from it.

Under the cover of the light, Wang Xian led a group of members of the Dragon Palace out.

Wang Xian looked at Suiyan in front of him indifferently. His eyes revealed a hint of coldness.

"Get rid of them!"

Wang Xian said to his subordinates from the Dragon Palace.

Buzz

As soon as he finished his sentence, Ba Qi and Mo Sha waved their arms.

Waves of demonic aura engulfed suiyan and the divine servants.

"Dragon King, don't be arrogant. One day, you will be killed too. This day will come very soon. Very soon!"

Suiyan felt the threat of death and roared with a ferocious face.

When the demonic aura covered him, his body of light slowly dissipated. The last drop of divine blood was completely dead.

The 10,000 divine servants didn't even let out a scream when the demonic aura swept past them.

"The Eternal Kingdom is now open. In one and a half years, the Dragon Palace will take back this eternal kingdom!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the billions of people in front of him. His voice entered their minds.

"Let's Go!"

After he finished speaking, he spoke to Guan Shuqing and the rest around him. Everyone landed on Xiao Lan's body and left immediately.

"All the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy, come here. I will bring all of you to the center of the eternal divine kingdom to cultivate!"

"This is the Divine Kingdom of the Eternal God Lord. Although it was damaged after the fall of the god Lord, the spiritual energy contained in it is still extremely terrifying!"

"Especially for light attribute cultivators, a day of training here is equivalent to a hundred days in the outside world!"

"If you are lucky, you might have a chance to ignite the divine fire!"

Xiao ran and Ji Lingfei did not leave. The two of them spoke to all the disciples and students of Dragon Gate Academy.

The opening of the Eternal Divine Kingdom was a huge opportunity for everyone.

Naturally, Xiao ran and the others first allowed the disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy to enter.

After training here for a year, the overall strength of the Dragon Gate Academy would definitely rise by a level!

"Enter the eternal divine kingdom to train!"

Everyone's faces revealed an excited expression when they heard this news, especially the disciples and students of the Dragon Gate Academy.

"The Dragon King is still treating us well. As a local of our earth, the Dragon King really has nothing to say about how he treats us!"

"That's right. If it weren't for the Dragon King, we wouldn't know what would have happened. We would support the Dragon King!"

"After the Dragon Palace destroyed the eternal God Lord, no one on Earth would be able to compete with him!"

"Up until now, all the gods who had descended and awakened, except for those who had joined the Dragon Gate Academy, have all been destroyed by the Dragon King!"

"The Dragon Palace is truly invincible in this world, sweeping away all enemies!"

Everyone was discussing happily. The death of the radiant wing God lord this time meant that the Dragon Palace was truly invincible in this world, sweeping away all enemies!

Next, no one would dare to offend the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace.

After a world-shaking war ended, everyone had a premonition that it would be peaceful next!

Even the resurrected god Lord had been destroyed by the Dragon King. Who else would dare to challenge the dignity of the Dragon Palace?

In the next few days, everything returned to normal.

Wang Xian and the Dragon Palace had destroyed God Lord Guangyi this time, elevating their dignity to the peak.

Countless television stations were broadcasting the glory of the Dragon King!

Countless people were praising the deeds of the Dragon King!

There were even people who compiled the deeds of the Dragon King into a book and spread it widely.

Basically, everyone had a book on the deeds of the Dragon King.

When Wang Xian saw the contents of the book from Guan Shuqing and the rest, he was a little embarrassed.

He had never thought that he was so powerful!

Just when the earth was peaceful and even more prosperous, in the distant star field.

The entire star field was emitting a faint white light. Five Huge Suns and stars stood in the entire star field, illuminating an area of several thousand light-years.

In this star field, the spiritual energy was abundant. Seven to eight hundred life planets were located in this star field.

The entire star field was magnificent and magical. In the star field, there was a starry sea, a void forest, and a meteorite belt...

All kinds of magical things formed a huge star area, the boundless star area.

"Our Fire God Palace's last expert, God Suiyan, died a few days ago. Damn it! I wonder what happened in the Recovery Place!"

At this moment, in the boundless star area and a void space where even sunlight couldn't reach, an old man on a fiery-red sharp sword said with a cold face.

Around him, there were many huge beasts, splendid covers, and vast figures.

They were floating in the void, looking in the direction of the Void!

From the figures and the eye-catching flags, it could be seen that they were the five forces!

The skyscraping treasured palace, the Fire God Palace, the pyramid, the Holy Church, and the Boundless Sea of stars!

Although the five forces weren't the strongest forces in the boundless star field, they could still be considered to be ranked in the top ranks below the five Great God lords.

More than ten years ago, the five great forces had used their divine artifacts to sense the spiritual energy fluctuations in the distant starry sky and sent the gods there!

But now, one bad news after another kept coming!