Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2034: 2034, the gods of the boundless universe were waiting

"The gods of the pyramid have no news of us. Even the divine seat has been split open!"

"The gods of the boundless universe can't be contacted either. They should have fallen as well!"

"Your pyramid was completely destroyed by the resurrected gods and evil spirits. As for the boundless universe, only one God has successfully descended. It's normal for him to have fallen, but your fire god Palace's throne has been destroyed by some Dragon King!"

"That's not a dragon king, but the leader of a powerful force. Our last news was that our holy church and the Lingxiao treasured palace had almost been destroyed when they joined forces. The gods who survived took out all their resources to raise a resurrected God, an existence with six wisps of divine fire. After preparing for revenge, there was no more news. He should have died in the hands of the Dragon King!"

Numerous figures floated in the air, their bodies exuding an extremely terrifying aura.

Everyone's expressions weren't very good, their solemn auras causing the surrounding void to freeze.

The voice resounded in the ears of every single figure!

"Zhan Lingtian, what news does your Lingxiao treasured palace have?"

The Divine Beast of light pulled a huge canopy carriage, and an old man who was covered in the power of light stood on it. He held the scepter of light in his hand and asked a burly middle-aged man indifferently!

The burly middle-aged man held a war hammer in his hand. His body was emitting a terrifying fighting spirit!

He looked at the wrinkled old man beside him.

"There is still a member of our Lingxiao Treasured Palace who is still alive. However, she has betrayed us!"

The wrinkled old man said indifferently with a cold and gloomy face.

"Betrayed?"

The surrounding gods raised their eyebrows and revealed a mocking expression.

"However, I can still contact her. When I do, I can see her current location through the Astral Divine Disc!"

The old man said indifferently. When he saw the expressions of the surrounding gods, a cold expression flashed through his eyes.

"Then I'll trouble elder Li to lock onto that planet's location!"

A God standing on the pyramid said to the old man.

"Alright!"

The elder nodded and immediately took out a mirror.

"Buzz!"

The mirror trembled!

At this moment, Ji Lingfei, who was far away on Earth, had a slight change in expression. She awkwardly took out a mystical mirror from her interspatial ring.

Beside her were Xiao Ran, Liu Mengxin, Chen Feiyang, and Sun Lingxiu.

The group was cultivating in the eternal divine kingdom at the South Pole.

"What's the matter, Lingfei?"

Xiao ran looked at the mirror and asked her with concern.

"It's a message from my master, my master!"

Ji Lingfei looked a little embarrassed.

"It's okay, open it!"

Sun Lingxiu said to her.

"Okay!"

Ji Lingfei nodded, waved her arm, and the mirror opened.

"Disciple, tell me about the situation on that planet!"

When the mirror opened, the Old Man's face appeared. With a dignified expression, he ordered Ji Lingfei!

"Master, you've nurtured me into a god. Over the years, I've brought you enough benefits and resources. In the future, treat me as if I don't exist!"

When Ji Lingfei saw the old man, her body trembled. Gritting her teeth, she said directly.

She was filled with gratitude towards her master, who had nurtured her into a god. However, all these years, everything she had done was already enough to repay him.

However, when faced with her master treating her as a chess piece, her heart was incomparably cold. She might as well end it!

"Vile disciple, I can give you all of this, and I can also take all of it away from you. HMPH!"

When the old man heard his words, an unconcealed killing intent appeared on his face as he coldly shouted at her.

After he had said that, he hung up the mirror and the image disappeared.

Hearing her master's words, Ji Lingfei bit her lips, her eyes slightly red.

"Lingfei, it's okay. I'm Here!"

Xiao ran walked over and gently put his arm around her shoulder, comforting her in a low voice.

"Hall Master!"

In the endless star area, the old man looked at the burly middle-aged man and bowed slightly.

The gods of all the forces around them all looked in their direction, their eyes shining.

They had to get everything on that planet.

Especially when they found out that there was a divine tomb there, it made them a little crazy.

The divine tomb was the Divine Kingdom of the Eternal God Lord. If they could get the inheritance inside, they would have a chance to become the eternal God Lord.

They would truly stand at the peak of this star field.

For this, they were even prepared to personally descend to that planet!

"A piece of good news!"

The burly middle-aged man revealed a faint smile. "That planet is moving towards our direction. From the route, it should be preparing to enter our boundless star field!"

"Oh?"

The surrounding gods were slightly stunned, their eyes flashing with a luster.

"We don't know why that planet recovered, but since the spiritual essence has recovered, if they want to continue to improve and if they have ambitions, they have to enter our boundless star field!"

A middle-aged man riding on a ten-meter-large divine beast said indifferently, his eyes flashing with excitement.

"So, we just have to wait here?"

An elder from the boundless universe narrowed his eyes and looked at the leaders around him.

"There are more than a dozen damaged God kingdoms on that planet. There are two God tombs. How are we going to divide them?"

An elder on the pyramid asked calmly!

"No one can open those two god tombs now. When the time comes, we'll rely on our own abilities!"

The burly middle-aged hall master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace said indifferently.

"What about the other God Kingdoms? If they are not easy to distribute, they can be used as cultivation areas for our disciples!"

The elder of the Sacred Hall said as he swept his gaze over the other factions.

The surrounding gods slowly nodded, their eyes shining.

From their point of view, the most important thing was the god tomb.

After entering the God's tomb, whether they would fight or kill, that would be another matter.

"However, we absolutely can not let other factions know about this planet, especially those five factions!"

At this moment, the Temple Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace said with a grave expression.

"We naturally know about this. Otherwise, with our strength, your Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the sacred hall wouldn't have given us such a huge benefit!"

The gods on the pyramid said with a faint smile. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Among the five major factions, the pyramid faction was the weakest.

The reason why the five major factions were able to share the benefits fairly was because they were afraid that someone among them would tell the other factions about the planet!

Especially if the five major god Lord factions knew that there was a divine tomb on that planet, they wouldn't have a problem with it!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, roars suddenly came from the void behind them.

The gods from the five God lords were slightly startled and hurriedly looked behind them!