Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2035: 2035 -- the gods of the infinite were waiting here

It was located at the boundary of the infinite star field. There was only one life planet in a radius of more than 100,000 kilometers.

At this moment, in front of that life planet, three enormous divine beasts were pulling an extremely luxurious sedan.

At the top of the sedan, a young man was lying on it with his legs crossed. He was eating a fruit that was emitting spiritual energy.

Around the void Beast carriage, thousands of demigod-level maids and guards were following them.

Above the Beast Carriage, a flag was flying. On the flag was a picture of a plant.

They were flying in the Void, heading towards the planet in front of them. They were bursting with terrifying power.

"That's right!"

The five major factions that were attracted by this unbridled power were slightly shocked. Their eyes were flickering as they stared at the flag.

"Our actions haven't been exposed, right?"

A God couldn't help but ask with slight nervousness.

"Impossible. Only those present know of this matter. We haven't even told some ordinary gods!"

The middle-aged man standing on the Flaming Greatsword in the Fire God Palace immediately said!

"That planet belongs to the divine leaf god Lord. It should be the divine leaf god Lord's son heading to that planet. Don't Worry!"

The middle-aged shopkeeper of the Soaring Heavens Palace said indifferently.

"Let's disperse. According to time, that planet should take nearly two years to arrive. We'll come here and wait a year later!"

An elder of the Sacred Hall said.

"Alright, We'll prepare here a year later!"

The gods of the five great factions nodded and instantly teleported into the distance.

"Eh? Uncle Lin, who are those guys?"

At this moment, the young man lying on the divine beast starry sky sedan sensed the fluctuations coming from that side. He raised his eyebrows and asked the old man driving the Divine Beast Sedan.

"Young master, I wonder what those people from the small factions are doing here!"

The old man swept his gaze over and shook his head.

"Sigh, this time father sent me to this remote planet. It's really too miserable. What's on this Broken Planet?"

The young man did not care about that group of people and said helplessly.

"Hehe, young master, twenty years will pass very quickly!"

The old man said indifferently.

"Twenty years, twenty years can suffocate me to death!"

The Young Man's face fell as he raised his head to look at the vast void.

"If Young Master can ignite three wisps of divine fire, the old master should let you return early!"

The old man smiled.

However, at another location.

"Kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke!"

A voice that was filled with boundless arrogance resounded throughout the entire starry sky. The voice spread over at least a million kilometers! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"F * CK, which fellow is even more arrogant than me!"

The young man immediately stood up and looked in the direction of the voice.

"Hong!"

In his line of sight, a Wisp of darkness quickly flew towards his right and soon disappeared.

"This fellow runs quite fast!"

When the young man saw the Wisp of darkness quickly disappear, he muttered.

"Oh?"

At this moment, the old man below suddenly stood up, and a grim expression appeared on his face!

"Young master, that man is not simple!"

The old man said with a serious face.

"Not simple?"

The young man was also slightly surprised. If uncle Lin said that he was not simple, his strength was definitely not weak.

"Jie Jie, I have finally passed through that chaotic star area. Here, I can fly in the sky!"

"Jie Jie, I have obtained the body of the demon dragon. I have a group of evil spirits. Soon, this place will be my world!"

The young man who was full of Devil Qi revealed a ferocious and excited expression.

This young man was the one who obtained the Dragon Soul. He had already condensed the body of the Devil Dragon and controlled more than twenty powerful demons.

With the body of the Devil Dragon, he was confident that he could quickly raise his strength to the eternal God Lord Realm.

At that time, he would suppress this star field, and he would become the king of this star field!

"This is the beginning of my road to hegemony!"

Devil Dragon Son of Heaven's eyes burned as he flew forward and started to build his invincible path!

"Soon, soon. I can sense the aura of life. In a month at most, I will be able to enter the life star area!"

"My grandson is the true dragon son of heaven. My grandson will become the ancestor of the gods and suppress the entire star area!"

When the son of the Earth God entered the boundless star area, a short young man was traveling through the starry sky in the chaotic star area.

His body sank into the meteorites like a fish.

At this moment, his face was also filled with excitement.

Before he died, he had already ignited nine wisps of divine fire. Now, as long as he had enough resources, he was confident that he could recover to the peak.

Furthermore, with the body of the Earth Divine Dragon, he was confident that he would be able to reach the level of the Eternal Divine Lord.

He could suppress a region and be invincible!

Perhaps, soon, a legend would appear in this region!

In the vast chaotic Starfield, a blue planet was also heading in the direction of the boundless Starfield.

"Teacher, I'm afraid that my master's Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace will descend on earth. Perhaps, when we enter the boundless Starfield, they will make a move against us!"

In the underwater dragon palace in the ocean, Ji Lingfei was sitting at a dining table with Wang Xian, Guan Shuqing, and the other girls.

Ji Lingfei recalled her master's cold killing intent not long ago and said to Wang Xian worriedly.

"Don't worry, let's Eat Something!"

Wang Xian smiled at her. "In the boundless galaxy, how is the strength of the Lingxiao treasured palace that used to belong to you? There are also a few forces from the Holy Church!"

"The Hall Master of the skyscraping treasured palace has already ignited nine wisps of divine fire. Excluding the gods that descended here, there are still about 30 of them!"

"The Hall Master of the Holy Church is about the same strength as the Hall Master of the skyscraping treasured palace. His strength is also about the same. In addition, the throne room of the Fire God Palace, the pyramid, and the boundless galaxy are slightly weaker!"

Ji Lingfei said to him!

"We don't have to worry about this strength. Even if the five factions were to join forces, they might not be as strong as the god of Light Wings!"

Guan Shuqing and the others comforted Ji Lingfei.

"That's right. Lingfei, you don't have to worry. As long as the Eternal God Lord doesn't come personally, we don't have to be afraid with Master's Dragon Palace's Strength!"

Xiao ran comforted her with a smile.

"Yeah, I'm just a little worried. After all, the endless star field is the other side's territory!"

Ji Lingfei thought for a moment and smiled.

Just as Xiao ran and the Dragon Queen had said, the current Dragon Palace could only be suppressed by the arrival of the five major god-level forces in the boundless galaxy!

The other forces didn't seem to have anything to worry about either!

"Ji Lingfei, tell us about the boundless galaxy after dinner. Earth should be able to reach the boundless galaxy in less than two years. Let's understand it in advance!"

Wang Xian said to her!

"Yes, teacher!"

Ji Lingfei nodded.

However, Wang Xian and the rest did not know that the boundless gods were already waiting for them at the entrance of the boundless star field!