Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2036: 2036 was more than a year away, and the boundless galaxy was about to arrive

Inside the chaotic star field, water-blue planets were shuttling back and forth.

They were heading towards the boundless star field with many life planets.

The boundless star field had seven to eight hundred life planets and a bunch of void bases.

The area of the boundless star field could not be described by kilometers. Even the distance between the two planets was over a million kilometers, and the entire star field could be described by light years.

Other than the life planets, there were tens of thousands of planets and stars in the boundless star field.

In the entire star field, the Five Great God lords were the most powerful. The Five Great God lords occupied the east, west, south, north, and central areas respectively.

The Five Great Eternal God lords were not to be offended. Other than these Eternal God lords, there were hundreds of other powers.

After all, basically, there were gods born on every planet. It was also possible for there to be dozens of gods on powerful planets.

As for the five eternal masters, each of them controlled only a few dozens of life planets. There were more than a hundred of them.

Wang Xian, Prime Minister Gui, and a group of leaders of the Dragon Palace sat in the Dragon King's palace and discussed some matters.

Right now, they only had a basic understanding of the boundless star field. Furthermore, this information was obtained from Ji Lingfei.

As for the unknown, they had to be fully prepared.

"Ao he, if you devour the Eternal Divine Kingdom with the light wings, can you upgrade it to the level of the Eternal God Lord?"

Wang Xian looked at Ao he and asked him.

"Dragon King, if I devour the Eternal Kingdom of light wings, I can upgrade my strength to the peak of the God realm. At that time, I can fight against an expert at level one of the Eternal Lord!"

Ao he said to him.

"That's good. As long as we have the strength to fight against the Eternal Lord, we have nothing to fear!"

Wang Xian revealed a faint smile on his face as he swept his gaze across the group of leaders.

In the entire Dragon Palace, apart from the leaders, there were nine wild dragon species, three starwood dragon species, and two thorned dragon species that ignited the divine fire.

Apart from these, there were about 75 members from the other combat divisions who ignited the divine fire.

Currently, there were a total of 103 members who ignited the divine fire in the Dragon Palace, excluding the group of girls and his clones.

Such a large number of godly state members were all nurtured by killing countless space locusts and killing the god of Wings of light who had obtained resources from the divine kingdom.

Ao crab, who was at the peak of the Dragon Palace, was followed by Wang Xian himself. Xiao Lan and AO qitian were about the same level of strength as him.

Ao Qitian had improved after absorbing the god of wings of Light's corpse.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, it was considered a top existence even in the boundless star field.

By the time ao crab had devoured the eternal divine kingdom and reached the peak of the godly state, they wouldn't be too afraid of the five major god-level forces.

Of course, Wang Xian also knew that there was still a huge gap between their strength and the five overlords of the boundless galaxy. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After all, the five major forces had been standing in the starry sky for hundreds of thousands of millions of years!

"During this one year, let all the members cultivate well. When we arrive at the boundless galaxy, we might not be so carefree anymore!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace nodded.

Wang Xian waved his hand and walked forward.

"Hey, our busy man is here!"

He came to the left and right of the Dragon King's palace. When he walked over, he heard two sarcastic voices.

"Come and take a look at the two of you!"

Wang Xian looked at Hua er Cai'er and revealed a smile.

"HMPH, if you don't accompany those wives, they will get jealous again!"

"That's right. They still want us to call them mothers. Why don't they take a look at their own age!"

The two little girls said with displeasure on their faces.

Wang Xian smiled embarrassedly. He came to the chair in front of their residence and laid down on it.

"You two girls, stop causing trouble for me. Do you still think that I'm not miserable enough?"

He shook his head slightly and said.

"You Pervert, you're miserable. We're the ones who are miserable. We've taken in a pervert as our father and now we have nine stepmothers?"

Hua Er glared at him.

Wang Xian smiled and argued with the two girls.

In the following period of time, just as everyone expected, the earth had completely calmed down.

Usually, Wang Xian and the group of girls were happy and accompanied the two little girls.

As time passed, the group of girls didn't have too many conflicts with the two little girls. Gradually, they became more familiar with each other.

In the outside world, Sun Lingxiu and Liu Mengxin often stayed in the eternal kingdom at the South Pole to cultivate.

Not long after, Liu Mengxin ignited the divine fire and lifted the divine kingdom.

Because the eternal God Lord was of the light attribute, many of the treasures he obtained were suitable for Sun Lingxiu.

In just a short year, his strength had risen to the realm of three wisps of divine fire, far surpassing the other girls.

Chen Feiyang's strength had also recovered to the peak of the demigod realm. He only needed to build a divine kingdom to lift it.

The students and disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy had cultivated in the eternal divine kingdom for a year, and each of them had received a huge increase in strength.

The strength of all the living beings on earth was much stronger than that on the supernatural continent.

A year later, the Eternal Divine Kingdom at the South Pole was devoured by Ao crab, and the two tombs on earth had completely disappeared.

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and decided to leave the ancient divine kingdoms on Earth.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

A year later, at the border of the boundless starfield, numerous huge teams flew over under the leadership of the gods.

Five huge flags fluttered in the void.

An incomparably huge temple with an area of more than 10,000 kilometers.

Pyramids that were tens of thousands of meters tall!

An ocean that covered an area of thousands of kilometers!

A Sea of fire! !

Sacred Mountains that were emitting holy light!

The incomparably huge divine kingdoms carried vast and majestic auras as they sailed in the void!

Each banner had around 100,000 followers.

Each faction had 100,000 disciples and five factions had 500,000 people.

None of these 500,000 people were weaker than demigods.

In fact, 30% of them had the strength of a demigod rank 5 or above. On every planet, they were definitely considered elites.

The strength of these 500,000 people far exceeded that of the 100,000 heavenly soldiers and Heavenly Generals and the Holy Warriors. In fact, the two were not even on the same level.

"Let's enter the chaotic region and wait there for about 500 kilometers!"

The five forces gathered. In the sky above the Lingxiao treasured palace, a burly middle-aged man holding a giant hammer, the Lingxiao treasured palace master, glanced at the leaders of the four forces around him and said indifferently.

"Good. We'll go about 500 kilometers deep. There won't be any danger. We can also avoid people finding out about the situation here!"

The leaders of the other four forces nodded!

The powerful forces entered the chaotic star area and immediately began to plan and wait!