Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2037: Earth 2037 was coming!

"Boom! Boom!"

The five forces had an army of 500,000, and each of them had at least 20 God realm experts.

All the gods added together had a total of 140.

When the vast skyscraping treasured palace, the sacred mountain of the Sacred Hall, the huge pyramid, and the river of stars entered the chaotic space zone.

The meteorite, which was tens of millions of meters in diameter, was smashed into pieces. The five forces entered the chaotic space zone and flew 500 kilometers forward!

"Set up a formation immediately. We must be able to predict the arrival of any planet within 10 light years!"

"Don't worry. Leave the formation to the pyramid. We can detect all creatures within 20 light years!"

"That planet will arrive in a year's time at most. Within a year, we can not let our guard down!"

A vast voice spread through the void as powerful array formations were set up one after another.

The entire chaotic region was enveloped by a vast divine radiance.

"What are the gods preparing to do? They actually mobilized all of our elites!"

"The five major forces have moved out together, and all the gods have arrived. What is the situation, My Lords?"

Surprised voices came from the disciples of the various forces.

They had come here without receiving any news. Even after the array had been set up, they could not contact the outside world.

"More than ten years ago, we, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, and a few other forces seemed to have sent gods to an area where spiritual energy had been restored. Could it be for that Planet?"

Some people guessed in their hearts as they waited quietly.

"Eh? What's going on? There are actually so many people coming to this godforsaken place? It seems like it was those few factions a year ago!"

However, what the five great factions did not know was that on the planet closest to the chaotic region, a young man was holding a divine artifact and shining it into the void. When he saw this scene, a curious expression appeared on his face.

"So many people, with such a big fanfare, searching for treasures? Interesting, interesting!"

The young man's interest was piqued. His eyes flickered with a luster. With a wave of his arm, a milky-white plant covered it.

"Buzz!"

The plant trembled slightly and disappeared into the void. The young man immediately flew towards the chaotic star field.

"Young Master!"

Not far away, uncle Lin sensed the young man's figure and shook his head. His figure also flickered as he followed closely behind the young man.

More than half a year had passed in a flash. The distance between Earth and the boundless galaxy was getting closer and closer!

"Dragon King, according to the markings on the starry sky map, we have one more day before we enter the boundless galaxy!"

On the surface of the sea above the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui said slowly to Wang Xian.

"Yes, one more day!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian's eyes were flickering.

"Tell everyone that Earth will enter the boundless galaxy in one more day!"

He instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King. I'll inform Xiao ran and the rest!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded and informed Xiao ran immediately.

In less than half an hour, Xiao ran announced this matter on the Internet.

"Are we going to the boundless galaxy? Are we going to the other vital star field?"

"We're going to arrive tomorrow. So fast. We're going to enter another star field. Are we going to fight those aliens?"

"I wonder what the boundless star field will look like. I heard that there are many gods crossing the void there, and there's a God lord suppressing an area!"

"If we want to become gods, we have to enter the boundless star field. At that time, we have to fight with the chosen divine sons of many planets!"

When the news spread across the entire planet, everyone was in an uproar.

After more than ten years, earth had finally arrived at the boundless star field.

Now that the countdown had begun, everyone walked out of the room and looked up into the void, ready to watch the splendor of another world.

Some were excited, some were sad, and some were full of fighting spirit.

However, they were not too worried about their safety.

With the Dragon Gate Academy and the experts of the Dragon Palace here, they weren't too worried.

Everyone came to the open space. They could afford to wait for one day.

They looked up at the starry sky and the future!

...

"These guys have been here for more than half a year. What are they doing? Are they waiting for the treasures to fly over?"

In the void not far away from Earth, a young man was hiding somewhere, looking at the five forces in front of him with a bored face!

Only a bored person like him could do such a boring thing.

Uncle Lin stood at the side with a speechless expression, protecting the young man.

"Everyone, the formation has detected a life planet coming over!"

At this moment, an excited voice suddenly sounded in front of them.

The young man was slightly stunned. He immediately took out something that looked like a telescope and looked over curiously.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, the skyscraping treasured palace, the pyramid, the sacred mountain, the ocean, and the Sea of fire that were standing in the void immediately headed toward a certain place.

"Are they here?"

At this moment, many gods flew out of the Divine Kingdom's palace. Their faces were filled with excitement and fervent expressions.

"They're here. They'll arrive in this direction in seven to eight hours at most!"

On the top of a pyramid, an old man roared in a low voice with burning eyes.

"Seven or eight hours?"

Over a hundred vast figures gathered together, their faces filled with excitement.

"The divine tomb. If we can enter the divine tomb and obtain the inheritance of the eternal God Lord..."

The gods looked at each other, their eyes filled with fanaticism.

Next, it was time for them to enjoy the fruits.

"There's a powerful person on this planet called the Dragon Palace. We'll get rid of them first!"

"Also, what should we do with the billions of lives on this planet?"

One of the gods on the pyramid asked with sparkling eyes.

"Leave no one alive. For the time being, no one can know about the divine tombs!"

A flame giant's deep and cold voice came from within the Sea of fire.

The eyes of the surrounding gods flickered, and they did not reply.

Clearly, everyone agreed with his words.

For the sake of this planet, they had lost many gods!

Moreover, in their eyes, that group of mortals were nothing more than ants!

"All factions, get ready. When that planet arrives, surround it. Do not let even a fly fly out!"

The Palace Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace said with a cold expression.

"Alright!"

The other gods nodded and immediately passed down the message to the 500,000-STRONG Army.

"Yes, great gods!"

Qi Tian's shout rang out, and everyone's eyes sparkled!

After more than half a year, they had a detailed understanding of this operation!

More than 100 gods from the five major factions and 500,000 experts at the demigod level and above looked at the void in front of them.

Time passed bit by bit!

Seven hours later, a planet slowly appeared in their line of sight. Everyone's pupils constricted slightly!

Earth was here! !