Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2038: 2038 the terrified and despairing gods 1

Earth was coming!

Their fruit, their opportunity, their hope to become the Eternal God Lord, was coming!

Seeing the sky-blue planet, the gods revealed excited and fervent expressions.

As long as they took this planet, their era in the endless star field might be coming.

Whether or not they could become the sixth great god Lord Force in the endless star field would depend on this one time!

The leaders of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the sacred hall, the pyramid, the Fire God Palace, and the Endless Sea of stars revealed a crazed look in their eyes.

"Hall master, when the planet arrives, you go to the divine tomb. I'll take care of the rest!"

In the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, elder Li said respectfully to the Hall Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

"Alright, I'll leave the rest to you. Clean it up as soon as possible and then you can go to the other god Tomb!"

The palace master nodded slowly and said.

"Yes, Palace Master!"

Hearing his words, elder Li's eyes revealed a trace of fervor.

"Wait a moment..."

The other four forces also transmitted their voices.

Two God tombs and five forces. At the end, they would definitely start a fight or even a fight!

However, for the sake of the shrines, they would fight even if they had to die!

The atmosphere became solemn. Everyone was staring at the planet in front of them.

"Eh, what's that in the void in front of us?"

"What's that? Could it be the boundless star field in front of us? What's that huge palace, the Sea of stars, and the Sea of Fire?"

When earth was getting closer and closer, everyone on Earth looked up at the void.

When they saw the faintly enormous palace in front of them, the Holy Mountain that was emitting light, the Sea of fire that contained endless flames, and the Sea of stars, everyone's faces were filled with shock.

Was this the world of the endless star field?

"That's the Divine Kingdom of the Palace Master of the Soaring Heavens Treasured Palace, that's the Divine Kingdom!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Those Holy Mountains are the holy church, and that Sea of fire and the Sea of stars, those are the powers of the Fire God Palace and the Endless Sea of Stars!"

However, at this moment, exclamations rang out one after another. The disciples who had descended with the gods immediately recognized those terrifying powers.

Among them, there were even many families that were disciples of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's sacred hall

When they saw the enormous Lingxiao treasured palace in the sky, some people were shocked while others were secretly delighted!

However, very soon, some people couldn't laugh anymore!

"Is it the faction that descended here from the endless star field? What are they doing? Are they attacking us?"

"They should be attacking us. Absolutely. How strong are they? Are they as strong as the god Lord of Light Wings?"

Hearing the disciples'exclamations, the others said with sparkling eyes.

Hearing these words, the disciples who were secretly delighted turned stiff.

According to their estimations, the skyscraping treasured palace, the sacred hall, and a few other forces combined might not even be as terrifying as that God Lord Lightwing!

This...

Some of them opened their mouths and stared ahead quietly.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, everyone saw figures rapidly flying toward the void from the direction of the Ocean Dragon Palace and the Dragon Gate Academy.

There were more than 20,000 figures from the Ocean Dragon Palace and more than 500 figures from the Dragon Gate Academy.

All of them were at least at the demigod level.

"Teacher, it's the Lingxiao Treasured Palace, the Holy Hall, and the others. They are the five powers who descended here previously!"

"That huge divine kingdom is the Divine Kingdom of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace's hall master. They are all here. All of them are here!"

Ji Lingfei's face was filled with anxiety and worry. She came to Wang Xian's side and said immediately.

"All of them are here? They are actually waiting for us here in advance!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he stared at everyone in the void in front of him.

At the same time, numerous gazes landed on them.

There was a hint of fanaticism, disdain, and coldness in each of their gazes.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the same time, waves of mighty divine might covered this area.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In the next moment, everyone on Earth was shocked to discover that in the void in front of them, within the huge palace, Sacred Mountain, and Sea of fire, figures were lined up neatly from the void as they charged towards them.

No, they weren't charging over, they were surrounding them.

The powerful aura and terrifying pressure caused everyone's expressions to change drastically.

"There are so many of them, and this terrifying pressure doesn't come with good intentions. What are they trying to do?"

On the ground, countless people cried out in alarm.

One by one, figures could be seen with the naked eye as they surrounded Earth.

Some rode on majestic demonic beasts, while others stepped on their weapons as they flew through the void.

Looking at the hundreds of thousands of figures, everyone felt a chill in their hearts!

Buzz

At this moment, the entire earth suddenly trembled violently. In the void, invisible energy appeared around the earth.

The terrifying energy caused the entire earth to suddenly stop in the void.

Some people couldn't help but stagger as shock appeared on their faces.

"They forced Earth to stop!"

Everyone was slightly shocked.

Wang Xian looked at his surroundings and his face was filled with indifference.

He raised his head slightly and looked at the gods that were flying towards him.

"We have been waiting here for more than half a year. They are finally here. Haha, they are finally here!"

An extremely excited voice came from the void in front of them!

An old man standing on top of a pyramid shouted excitedly!

At this moment, more than a hundred gods flew towards Earth. Their vast auras charged over.

They were filled with fanaticism!

"Oh?"

At this moment, elder Li, who was standing beside the Palace Master of the Lingxiao treasured palace, swept his gaze around. His gaze locked onto Ji Lingfei, who was standing in the void, and a terrifying killing intent shot out from his eyes!

"Evil disciple, I will personally clean up the sect today!"

A cold voice came out from his mouth as he shouted at Ji Lingfei.

"They are just a bunch of ants from the ruins. So what if they have some strength? Today, I will clean up all of them!"

An elder from the holy church looked at Wang Xian and the rest who were floating in the sky above Earth and said indifferently.

His voice was filled with disdain and contempt!

Even though all the gods that they had descended upon had been killed, they still did not put the people on that planet in their eyes.

This time, the five of them had come out in full force. With the combined strength of the five of them, in the entire boundless galaxy, other than the five god-level forces, there were not many who could contend against them!

"Wipe them all out. Let's enter the Divine Tomb!"

The Palace Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace didn't even look at Wang Xian and the rest. Instead, he swept his gaze over to Earth.

The divine tomb was their true goal!

As for the group of people in front of them, they would kill them immediately!

"Kill everyone on the entire planet. Don't let any of them go!"

In the Sea of fire, a fire giant roared coldly!