Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2039: 2039 boundless gods 2

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

When the flame giant's cold roar sounded from the Sea of fire, a terrifying killing intent shot out from the bodies of all the experts surrounding earth!

"Killing them is a piece of cake!"

"This should be the planet that the gods and some disciples descended on. I heard that the spiritual energy has recovered and a divine kingdom has appeared. It shouldn't be too easy to destroy them!"

The disciples of the five major forces surrounding the planet had a relaxed expression on their faces.

They were looking down at Earth from above. Their bodies were filled with killing intent as they scanned the planet wantonly.

At the same time, they were also extremely astonished.

Divine Tomb?

What Divine Tomb? Could it be the divine tomb of the Eternal God Lord?

"HMM?"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the flaming giant, a hint of cold killing intent flashed across his eyes!

"Eh, Uncle Lin, isn't that the endless chaotic starfield in front of us? Why did a planet suddenly appear out of nowhere? This bunch of people have been waiting for more than half a year just to see this planet?"

At this moment, a young man was lying on a floating meteorite behind the five major forces. He was eating fruits while watching the show.

"God's Tomb?"

At this moment, the old man seemed to have not heard him. He murmured and his eyes were shining.

"What God's tomb? Uncle Lin, what happened to you?"

The young man was slightly stunned and looked at the old man curiously.

"Young master, we seem to have found a shocking treasure!"

Uncle Lin's breathing was a little hurried. "If it is really like what the Palace Master of Lingxiao Treasured Palace said, God's tomb..."

"The god's tomb, the tomb of the Eternal God Lord? No Way, that planet has the tomb of the Eternal God Lord!"

The young man reacted and widened his eyes, his face full of shock.

Uncle Lin shook his head, not daring to be sure.

"If...". "If there really is a god's tomb here, I'll tell father, and father will tell great-grandfather that I've done a great deed. I don't have to stay in this godforsaken place at all. And when the time comes, great-grandfather will definitely reward me with many treasures!"

The young man was excited, and his face was filled with excitement.

"If there really is a divine tomb, young master will not only do a great deed. Perhaps he'll be able to add another eternal God master to our eternal divine leaf!"

Uncle Lin also said with incomparable excitement.

At this moment, the young man trembled!

"Evil disciple, I'll clean you up First!"

At this moment, in the void in front of them, an incomparably cold voice sounded. Old Li's entire body was like a terrifying tornado, and the distance of more than 100,000 meters disappeared in the blink of an eye.

He held a scepter in his hand and smashed it towards Ji Lingfei's head.

"All of you, get rid of these ants as soon as possible. Then, go to the tomb of the gods!"

The Hall Master of the Sacred Hall spoke to the surrounding gods and flew straight towards Earth.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At the same time, the leaders of the other four forces also flew towards Earth at a rapid speed.

"Kill!"

The other gods locked onto Wang Xian and the rest and roared loudly!

"Kill!"

The 500,000 disciples surrounding them also started to move and charged towards Earth.

"Evil disciple, die!"

Elder Li, who was charging at the front, was only a thousand meters away from Ji Lingfei.

The wind attribute divine weapon scepter in his hand emitted a terrifying glow.

"Master, I'm Sorry!"

Ji Lingfei looked at her master and sighed helplessly. Then, she slowly closed her eyes!

"PFFT!"

When he closed his eyes, a piercing sound was heard.

Ao crab, who was standing beside Wang Xian, raised his right arm. His entire right arm turned into a sharp black claw.

The huge claw extended for a thousand meters and directly penetrated elder Li's body.

"What!"

At this moment, elder Li, who was overwhelmed by intense pain, was filled with shock and horror on his face, which was filled with killing intent.

At this moment, he felt the sharp claws that had pierced through him slowly grow bigger and completely wrap around him.

"How is this possible!"

He couldn't help but let out a low growl. His eyes instantly turned blood red as he stared at his body that had been pierced through. He was shocked.

He was a god that had ignited eight wisps of divine fire, yet his body had been pierced through in an instant.

Even though he had been very careless just now, being able to penetrate his body in an instant still caused his face to be filled with shock.

"No, no, no!"

The threat of death enveloped his body as he shouted out in terror!

At this moment, all the gods rushing over were completely stunned.

They looked at elder Li, whose body had been penetrated, with a face full of astonishment.

Elder Li was an elder of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, and he was also the Deputy Hall Master of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall.

His strength was second only to their hall master and the Hall Master of the Holy Church.

However, in the instant just now, his body had been penetrated. Upon hearing his horrifying screams, the pupils of the gods contracted slightly.

"Everyone, don't be in such a hurry to enter Earth!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the five leaders who were flying toward Earth and said faintly.

His face was filled with smiles.

Just like the expressions of the group of gods just now, his face and eyes were filled with disdain and contempt at this moment.

"Hall Master, Please Save Me!"

A terrified begging voice sounded. Without needing Wang Xian to say anything, the hall master of the Ling Xiao Treasure Hall, the Hall Master of the Saint Hall, and the others also stiffened. They looked in elder Li's direction with an embarrassed expression.

"TSK TSK, a god with eight wisps of divine fire wants to kill us in front of us?"

"And the gods of the boundless galaxy, is earth something you can do as you please?" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The sharp thorn in ao crab's hand slowly grew longer, completely enveloping elder Li.

He wanted to escape with a face full of fear, but to his horror, he realized that he couldn't break free from Ao Crab's sharp claws at all.

The current ao crab could fight against a level one eternal god Lord with his full power. He could easily kill a god with eight wisps of divine fire.

"His strength?"

Seeing that elder Li could not break free even with all his might, the temple master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace had a grave expression.

Beside him, the expressions of the leaders of the Sacred Hall's Fire God Palace changed slightly, and they stopped in the air!

"How is this possible? How can a small, ruined earth have such an expert?"

The surrounding gods from the five great factions widened their eyes as they looked at this scene in disbelief!

This was merely a planet that had been recovering its spiritual energy for more than ten years. To be able to produce a god that was comparable to six or seven wisps of divine fire was already heaven-defying.

However, the person who had attacked had actually killed elder Li, who had eight wisps of divine fire, in an instant!

Everyone took a deep breath, and a grave expression appeared on their faces!

"Ah!"

At this moment, an extremely tragic and desperate cry rang out. Everyone from the five major factions immediately looked over.

With a clench of his sharp claws, elder Li, who had eight wisps of divine fire, was completely dead.

An expert who belonged to a faction in the boundless galaxy had died just like that!

Everyone's expression changed drastically, and the atmosphere instantly became strange!

Wang Xian swept his gaze across all of them, and the corner of his lips curled up slightly!