Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2040: 2040 Infinite Gods 3 in terror and despair

Buzz

In the chaotic Starfield, the wailing of heaven and earth could be heard.

The austere atmosphere slowly became a little strange.

The leaders of the five forces on the right stared at Wang Xian and the rest with an awkward expression.

Elder Li's death was clearly beyond everyone's expectations.

In their opinion, even if this planet that flew over from the ruins had killed the gods that they had descended upon, its strength was at most six to seven wisps of divine fire.

From their point of view, this was already at the peak!

However, now, a peak expert with eight wisps of divine fire had been killed. This was something that they had never expected.

"Eh? It's not a one-sided killing. This is interesting!"

At the position behind them, the youth and uncle Lin were hiding under a meteorite. When they saw a god with eight wisps of divine fire die, they were slightly shocked.

"We really didn't expect this. No wonder the gods who descended from our Lingxiao Treasured Palace died in your hands!"

On the right of the center of the battlefield, the Lingxiao Treasured Palace master who was about to directly enter Earth gripped the war hammer in his hand tightly and growled in a cold voice

"Buzz!"

As he spoke, the war hammer in his hand rotated, and a terrifying air wave spread out in all directions!

"Kill them first, then we'll go to the graveyard of the gods!"

He looked at the leaders around him and said indifferently.

"Alright!"

The Hall Master of the Sacred Hall and the other three leaders nodded. Their gazes locked onto ao crab, and their eyes were filled with dense killing intent.

Although the strength of the other party had completely exceeded their expectations, they were not too afraid.

They really didn't believe that their side's hundreds of gods and leaders weren't a match for the other party!

"I want to see just how much strength they have!"

The Hall Master of the Sacred Hall revealed a cold expression as he exchanged a glance with the hall master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace.

"Weng Weng!"

The Hall Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace slowly raised the war hammer in his hand and coldly spat, "Kill him!"

"Okay, let's end this quickly!"

The temple master of the Sacred Hall smiled and nodded lightly.

As a powerful force that had stood in the boundless star field for hundreds of thousands of years, as the leader, they had already ignited nine wisps of divine fire.

With the entire force as their foundation, they controlled many resources and had powerful divine weapons in their hands.

Even the middle-aged man who had instantly killed elder Li had ignited nine wisps of divine fire. They were not afraid!

"Holy Light, Judgment!"

The Hall Master of the Sacred Hall raised the holy scepter in his hand. In an instant, streams of holy light seemed to streak across the sky behind him. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Each stream of holy light was more than ten meters thick and a few hundred kilometers long. They crisscrossed and covered Wang Xian and the rest!

"Void hammer, tremor!"

The Hall Master of the Ling Xiao Treasured Palace raised the war hammer in his hand and dropped it into the void.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The entire void seemed to have exploded. Countless cyan-colored tremors in the void swept towards Wang Xian and the rest.

The attacks of the two of them enveloped all of them together!

"Dragon King, leave the five of them to me!"

Ao he saw their attacks and a terrifying fighting spirit erupted from his body. He moved his body and transformed into a devouring dragon that was 20,000 meters in size.

"Roar!"

A roar sounded from the side. Ao he waved his tail and an earthen yellow energy swept forward.

"Boom!"

The earthen yellow energy swept past and the Holy Light and vibrations were all devoured by the earthen yellow energy.

"None of you can leave today!"

Ao he roared and moved, instantly appearing in front of the Palace Lord.

His dragon claw clawed at him.

"You're courting death!"

Seeing that his attack was blocked, the palace lord raised the war hammer in his hand.

Waves of green energy gathered on the war hammer and met Ao Crab's dragon claw without any fear.

"Boom!"

A huge explosion sounded, and the impact of the war hammer covered an area of 100 kilometers!

"Bang!"

However, the moment the hammer collided with Ao Crab's Dragon Claw, the temple master's expression changed drastically.

A terrifying power sent him flying backward.

A large amount of blood oozed out from his arm!

"What?"

The temple master's expression changed drastically, and fear appeared on his face.

"Such powerful strength!"

The temple master's expression changed slightly when he saw this. He tapped the holy scepter in his hand lightly, and a majestic power of light entered his body, healing his injuries.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Following that, the Hall Master of the Sacred Hall released a Light Shadow, a light wing, and a light armor!

Rays of light fell on the body of the Hall Master of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall, condensing into light wings and light armor on his body!

"This guy is very strong. Let's attack together!"

The expression of the hall master of the Lingxiao Treasure Hall changed slightly as he shouted at the other leaders.

"Attack!"

A fire giant, an old man covered in white cloth, and a middle-aged man with huge waves behind him.

The three of them had solemn expressions!

An expert who could send Zhan Lingtian flying with a single strike was definitely stronger than them!

"Lingxiao Divine Kingdom, Lingxiao Palace!"

The Lingxiao Hall master was clad in light armor and had light wings on his back. He stared coldly at Ao crab and roared once again.

"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!"

The huge divine kingdom within a radius of dozens of kilometers emitted a green light.

Beams of wind-attribute imperial palaces flew towards him and slowly rotated around him.

"Shatter!"

He roared and the war hammer in his hand smashed towards the imperial palaces.

"Boom!"

The war hammer landed on the imperial palaces and the imperial palaces smashed towards ao crab.

The terrifying throne was like a meteorite!

"Go!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

A flaming meteorite condensed from flames, a white void cloth, and a giant void beast condensed from water elements all attacked ao crab.

"With just you guys?"

Ao crab saw their attacks, and a look of contempt appeared in his eyes.

He spread his enormous wings and flapped them quickly.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Streams of black soil instantly covered all their attacks.

The black soil was like a swamp, melting and devouring streams of energy attacks!

"This is bad!"

The faces of the Temple Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the hall master of the Saint Hall changed slightly when they saw that their attacks were easily blocked again.

"Kill them all! Leave No one alive!"

At this moment, Wang Xian glanced at ao crab and the others from the front. He stared at the surroundings and gave a stern order.

"Yes, leave no one alive!"

"Anyone who dares to invade us, kill them all!"

The group of Dragon Palace leaders revealed a violent killing intent!

"Kill!"

Ao qitian raised the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand and charged straight at the gods in front.

The rest of the Godly State Dragon Palace members followed closely behind. The violent and terrifying pressure charged at the gods in front!

"Kill!"

The 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace also started to move. They stared at the 500,000 demigod-level experts around them as they charged forward.