Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2041: 2041 the terrified and despairing infinite gods 4

"Kill, Kill, kill them!"

"More than 20,000 people dare to fight against us, crush them!"

"We have more than 100 gods, kill them!"

When the gods and 500,000 disciples of the five major forces saw that the people on this planet dared to attack them, cold killing intent appeared on their faces.

They roared and immediately went to welcome them.

Each of the 100 gods had been through hundreds of battles and had 500,000 disciples. None of them were lower than demigods, so how could they be afraid of the 20,000-plus experts in front of them!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Ring! Ring! Ring!"

However, when AO qitian and the others'sticks, arrows, lightning, and that sudden clear sound rang out, they were stunned.

"Ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine... damn it, among them, there are no less than a hundred gods who have ignited the divine fire. Be careful!"

"Be careful of the demon monkey at the front with the stick in his hand. His strength is very terrifying!"

"Be careful of the arrows and that special sound. Seal your hearing. Be careful!"

At the front, a God with seven wisps of divine fire saw the people from the dragon palace rushing over. He sensed the terrifying auras of the people, and his expression changed slightly.

The gods from the five major factions were completely dumbfounded when they sensed that there were no less than a hundred experts.

Especially when they sensed ao Qitian's aura, they felt that this devil monkey's strength was no weaker than the leader of the Fire God Palace, the pyramid, and the Boundless Sea of stars.

Loud reminders rang out, and the stronger gods from the five major factions immediately released their powerful defenses.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the void, terrifying energy collided with each other and exploded in all sorts of ways.

Waves of terrifying airwaves rushed out in all directions.

"Hiss!"

On Earth, everyone's faces were filled with shock when they saw this scene.

After the shock, many people revealed gloating expressions.

"Haha, this group of large factions from the boundless star field are completely dumbfounded. They probably didn't expect the Dragon Palace to be so powerful!"

"The number of gods in the Dragon Palace has reached more than 100. It's really terrifying!"

"Now that those guys aren't arrogant anymore, they still want to kill us all. Now let's see what they can do!"

"The Dragon King and the others can even kill the eternal God Lord, let alone you guys. You Damn Guys, die!"

Everyone on earth had excited expressions on their faces as they cursed.

These guys still wanted to kill them, but it was still uncertain who would kill who!

"Not good, that devil monkey is an existence with eight wisps of divine fire. Deputy Hall Master, you will block him!"

At this moment, in the air, a sea-pacifying needle that was dozens of kilometers long broke through the defenses of the five major forces. A God from the holy church shouted in fear.

"Leave it to me!"

At the Holy Church, a middle-aged man held the sword of Light and went up to AO qitian directly.

"Thank you for the Gifts!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he stared at the gods in front of him. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

There was only one person who had eight wisps of divine fire and more than ten people who had seven wisps of divine fire. The overall strength was not something that the dragon palace could withstand.

However, this was under the situation where he and Xiao Lan did not make a move!

"Five Elements Millstone!"

"Yin and yang Poles!"

Wang Xian collapsed into the void in front of him and shouted softly.

Boom

He slowly raised his arm and the Five Elements Millstone appeared in the sky.

In the past two years, all the divine weapons with seven attributes that Wang Xian had obtained were all devoured by the Five Elements Millstone.

Even the divine weapons that he obtained in the eternal divine kingdom were all devoured by the Millstone.

Now, the power of the five elements millstone was comparable to his increased strength!

The five elements millstone within a radius of 300 to 400 kilometers floated in the air, emitting vast power. Above them, the five divine dragons pulled the incomparably huge millstone and crushed it forward!

"Damn it, how can this planet that rushed out from the ruins have so many terrifying experts!"

When they saw the five elements millstone that contained boundless power charging towards them, the expressions of everyone from the five great factions became ugly!

"Go, we'll block it!"

The group of gods with seven divine flames looked at each other, then gritted their teeth and attacked the five elements millstone.

"Weng!"

The five elements millstone shook slightly, and the river of destruction swept towards them!

"Oh no, block it! Use the divine kingdom to block it!"

When they saw the river of destruction, more than ten gods with seven wisps of divine fire let out a loud roar!

Boom! Boom! Boom

One after another, divine kingdoms appeared behind him. The majestic energy within the Divine Kingdoms was fighting against the river of destruction.

"Yin and Yang Extremes, Crush!"

Wang Xian's right leg collapsed forward as the yin and yang extremes attacked the gods with seven wisps of divine fire.

The Yin and yang poles, which were about 100 kilometers in circumference, were exceptionally eye-catching in the void. As the two poles rotated, the power of light and darkness turned into a chainsaw.

Boom

"Oh no, I can't hold on any longer!"

A God with the seven wisps of divine fire shouted with a face full of fear. He quickly retreated backward.

One of them retreated while the rest of them had a drastic change in expression.

"Damn it!"

A few of them could not dodge in time. Their faces were filled with fear!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Huge fireworks rose in the void. Numerous divine kingdoms were directly destroyed.

"Ahhhh!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Screams of despair were heard along with the wailing of the heaven and earth.

Three gods with seven wisps of divine fire were killed instantly.

With more than ten gods with seven wisps of divine fire, it was completely impossible for them to fight against Wang Xian.

"Five Elements Millstone, ten thousand dragons roar!"

Wang Xian let out a low growl. Seven-colored rays of light fell from his body onto the five elements millstone.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, divine dragons emerged from the five elements millstone and started to wreak havoc in the surroundings.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Oh No, Oh No, run! Run!"

At this moment, it was not only the few gods with seven-colored divine flames. The dozens of gods in the surroundings were also shocked. They immediately hid in the surroundings.

"Ahhhh!"

"There's an assassin. Be careful, be careful!"

Suddenly, screams of pain rang out from the surroundings. Ao Yao and the others, who were hidden in the void, launched a fatal attack.

Ao Yao led two thorned dragon species and instantly assassinated three gods with three wisps of divine fire!

A dark haze instantly enveloped the heads of the five major factions'hundreds of gods.

The enemy's strength had completely exceeded their expectations.

Too strong!

"Run, run, run! They are all peak-stage demigod existences. Let's Run!"

"Lord Gods, save us!"

However, at this moment, screams suddenly sounded from the side.

Some of the gods looked around and were completely stunned.

Their 500,000 strong army was being slaughtered by 20,000 soldiers.

The two were on completely different levels.

500,000 against 20,000, they had no ability to resist!