Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2042: 2042, the terrified and despairing boundless gods 5

"How could this be?"

"These are the most elite disciples of our five great factions. All of them are above the demigod level, and there are a total of 500,000 of them!"

The gods of the five great factions swept their gazes over, revealing extremely embarrassed expressions.

They were the most powerful factions in the boundless star field. The skyscraping treasured palace and the holy church were also considered very powerful factions in this star field.

Their disciples were definitely elites.

But now, they were being slaughtered quickly without the ability to resist at all!

"The strength of the members of the Dragon King's Dragon Palace is so terrifying!"

"Every one of them is at least at the peak of the demigod realm. Those 500,000 people just surrounded our earth, and now, Haha!"

"Too powerful. It's a pity that the Dragon Palace doesn't accept disciples, or else I would definitely join the Dragon Palace!"

On Earth, everyone looked around with envy and admiration on their faces.

They had felt the overwhelming pressure and arrogance of the 500,000 people just now.

They had said that they could easily slaughter them, but now?

A member of the Dragon Palace could fight against hundreds of disciples of the five forces and kill them quickly.

There were only a few thousand people who could fight against the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Moreover, they were killed quickly by the strange demon.

The arrows were laced with a terrifying poison. Once they touched a demigod disciple, he would die instantly.

Poison, a terrifying poison, was a great killing weapon.

Apart from the poison, a strange voice entered their minds.

Within this sound, the demigod rank one and rank two disciples didn't even have the strength to resist.

They were crushed, completely crushed. The 500,000 disciples were defeated in a short instant.

In less than five minutes, at least 200,000 disciples died.

Corpses floated in the air!

Those disciples who were still alive saw this scene and completely collapsed, losing all will to fight.

This was not a battle, this was suicide!

Fear and despair enveloped everyone's hearts. Some of the disciples could not help but ask the gods for help!

"Keke Keke, there's no need to ask for help. Your Gods will live and die with you!"

Eight-limbed demon Sha and the others swept a glance and revealed a sinister and mocking expression.

They had come here to kill them. If they wanted to destroy the entire earth, they would have to pay the price!

"Sister, let's Go get some good stuff. That God with two wisps of divine fire has a wood attribute divine weapon!"

At the back, the group of girls had yet to make a move.

Hua'er's eyes were bright as she stared at a god as she spoke to her sister.

"Alright!"

Cai'er nodded. The two of them patted the Golden Lion Divine Beast beneath them.

"Roar Roar!"

The two Golden Lions roared and entered the battlefield.

"Sou Sou!"

The stellar grass above the two girls'heads flickered and disappeared in an instant!

"Ah!"

Soon, a miserable cry came from the front, and the two girls smiled.

Over the past year, their strength had only increased by one level, but their stellar grass could now kill a god with four wisps of divine fire.

Two star grass attacking a god with two wisps of divine fire was a piece of cake.

"TSK TSK TSK, you eight wisps of divine fire dare to fight against me? Die!"

At this moment, a violent aura filled an area of several hundred kilometers.

In the nearby void, ao Crab's dragon tail had completely entangled the three divine shadows.

The three divine shadows were the leader of the pyramid, the leader of the Fire God Palace, and the leader of the Boundless Sea of stars.

At this moment, the three of them were filled with despair as they stared at ao crab in shock.

"No, no, don't kill me. I'm willing to submit!"

The five-thousand-meter-long fire giant roared in terror!

"You are not qualified!"

Ao crab roared out with killing intent. He swept his draconic tail and swept forward.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Three terrifying sounds of collision rang out as the three fell into their God countries.

The entire God countries shook.

"Hu, how is this possible? How can his strength be so terrifying? He's completely toying with us!"

On the side, the temple masters of the skyscraping treasured palace and the sacred hall had cold sweat on their foreheads.

Their bodies were covered in blood, and one of the Sacred Hall Master's eyes was completely blind!

And there wasn't a single mark on Ao crab's body.

This made the two of them feel helpless. No matter what kind of attack it was, the other party could easily block it.

The other party's attack was able to severely injure them in an instant.

From the start of the battle, this monster was completely toying with them!

This was not a battle of the same level. In fact, they even felt that peak deity realm experts should not be this terrifying!

"We are not a match for them!"

The Hall Master of the Sacred Hall roared in a low voice with some fear on his face.

"Go, leave this place. Tell this news to an eternal God master and have him kill all of them. Kill all of them!"

The Palace Master of the Lingxiao treasured palace had a ferocious expression on his face.

They had never expected that the other party's strength would be so terrifying!

The two of them scanned their surroundings and looked at the rapidly dying gods. They clenched their fists tightly.

Right now, they only had one way. They had to tell the Eternal God Lord about this planet. They might receive the eternal God Lord's protection.

And this planet would be completely wiped out by the Eternal God Lord!

"Run!"

The two looked at each other, gritted their teeth, and made up their minds.

Weng Weng

They waved their arms, and the wings of light and the wings of wind attached themselves to each other. Then, they turned around and flew in the direction of the boundless galaxy.

"You want to run? It's Too Late!"

Seeing that they wanted to run, ao crab flapped his two ferocious dragon wings, and a huge black wall stood in the void! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"The throne of the Fire God Palace, the pyramid, and the leader of the Boundless Starry Sea are dead!"

"The hall master and the Hall Master are trying to escape. It's over, it's over!"

"No, no, it's impossible. How could our hall master..."

When the gods saw the fall of their leader and wanted to escape, their faces were filled with panic.

Even their leader had escaped. What else could they do to resist?

"Leave no one alive!"

Wang Xian shouted coldly when he saw the gods from the five major forces who were defeated.

"Kill, Kill, leave no one alive!"

"If you want to kill us, all of you can stay!"

The gods from the Dragon Palace unleashed their full strength and attacked the gods who had lost their will to fight.

"Run!"

At this moment, the gods had no desire to fight. All they wanted was to escape quickly.

However, it was obviously impossible to escape from the killing of the members of the Dragon Palace!

In order to prevent any accidents, Wang Xian did not allow them to escape.

Since they were here, none of them could escape!