Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2043: 2043, the eternal God Lord has arrived. All of you will submit! Go

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The Sky in this chaotic region was abnormally bright. The God nation exploded, burning with enormous flames.

The Sea of stars stopped flowing, giving off a huge rumble!

Accompanied by miserable cries and the sorrowful cries of Heaven and earth, the entire region was thrown into chaos.

Energy tides formed in the Void, and corpses flowed in the vacuum!

The battle between more than 200 gods, even if it was in the boundless galaxy, would be a world-class battle.

Only when there was a fight for the ultimate treasure of Heaven and earth would such a large-scale battle break out.

Ao crab easily blocked the hall master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace and the Hall Master of the Saint Hall!

Wang Xian used the yin and yang poles to draw a line of death for the gods of the five major forces.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, two extremely intense cries of pain rang out, causing the gods to tremble slightly.

They looked to the side. When they saw the war hammer of the Hall Master of the Lingxiao treasured palace floating in the air and saw the sharp claws tearing apart the hall master of the Holy Hall, everyone was shocked.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The more powerful the god, the more intense the cries of pain were.

"The Temple Master of the Lingxiao Treasured Palace has fallen!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"The temple master of the Sacred Hall has fallen!"

At this moment, the remaining gods of the five major forces were shocked. Their faces were ashen.

All their leaders had fallen!

They had been organizing here for half a year. They were fervently waiting for the arrival of this planet.

Many gods dreamed that they could obtain the inheritance of the god tomb and become the Eternal God master.

However, what they were waiting for now was not an endless opportunity, but a huge disaster.

It was so laughable to think that they had been planning to destroy these people on this planet for half a year.

Fear and despair had completely enveloped them!

As for the 500,000 disciples, many of them had already given up on resisting!

How could they resist?

"The Dragon King is so powerful. We haven't seen him make a move yet. The strength of the Dragon Palace is probably only stronger than that of the massive dark god!"

"The Dragon King is mighty and killed well. They still want to kill us, HMPH!"

"In the future, our Earth will have the protection of the Dragon Palace. What else is there to be afraid of?"

Contrary to everyone from the five forces, the Earth members revealed excited and excited expressions on their faces.

All of them looked up at the void in awe, at the Dragon King and the members of the Dragon Palace!

The terrifying battle had gradually come to an end, and now it was time to end it.

There were over a hundred gods, and at this moment, more than twenty of them were desperately trying to escape!

As for the 500,000 disciples, they had completely lost their ability to resist, and now there were only 20,000 to 30,000 scattered.

Among them, there were even some who were kneeling in the air, begging for mercy.

"This planet that flew over from the chaotic starfield is so powerful. There are actually over a hundred gods. Moreover, that terrifying monster should have reached the peak of the God realm, right?"

At this moment, the young man who had been hiding at the back watched this scene with a face full of surprise.

"It's really exciting. This is the first time I've seen such an intense battle!"

He murmured as he looked at one of them.

"Why do I feel a sense of familiarity with those two girls riding on the Golden Lion? and the spiritual herb on top of their heads. It's somewhat familiar!"

"Oh right, Uncle Lin, take a look. Don't those two girls feel very familiar?"

As he spoke, he looked at Uncle Lin at the side.

"Eh? Uncle Lin? What are you doing?"

At this moment, the middle-aged man standing beside him stretched out his five fingers, and the branches extended towards the battlefield.

"Wait, Young Master!"

Uncle Lin's forehead was full of sweat as he spoke to the youth.

It was clear that his current actions had expended a lot of energy!

Uncle Lin's strength was not very strong. He had only ignited six wisps of divine fire, so he still had to be careful when facing the gods on the planet in front of him!

In the chaotic battlefield, a drop of divine blood was slowly wrapped up by a branch and disappeared without anyone noticing.

"Success!"

When Uncle Lin saw that the divine blood was caught, his face revealed an excited expression.

"Weng!"

He opened his palm and stared at the divine blood, his eyes shining.

"Uncle Lin, what are you doing?"

The youth stared at Uncle Lin, his eyes shining.

"This is a god of five wisps of divine fire from one of those forces. He wants to escape with a drop of divine blood, so I'll lure him over!"

Uncle Lin revealed a smile as he took out a drop of resplendent liquid from his interspatial ring!

The drop of liquid dripped onto the drop of divine blood, causing it to tremble slightly. A palm-sized human figure slowly appeared.

"You... Who Are You? What are you doing?"

The shadow appeared with a frightened look on his face. His eyes sparkled as he asked.

"Buzz!"

Uncle Lin took out a shiny leaf. "Tell me, what's going on here? If you've done something good, I'll give you a lot of rewards!"

"Eternal divine leaf!"

When the shadow saw the leaf, his body trembled.

The Eternal Divine Leaf was an existence that shook the entire galaxy.

"Tell me!"

Uncle Lin said to him.

"Tell me, what's the situation on that planet? How can you guys be so stupid? You've been planning for more than half a year, and you're all destroyed!"

The young man couldn't help but ask.

"Yes, it's my Lord!"

The shadow slowly calmed down, his eyes burning.

If he could get the eternal divine leaf on the list, it might be a blessing in disguise for him!

"That planet was more than ten years ago..."

The Shadow said slowly.

"The god's tomb is really the God's tomb. Is there really a God's tomb on that planet? Or are there two?"

When they mentioned the god's tomb, Uncle Lin and the young man were extremely excited.

"Yes, sir. We are 100% sure that there are two divine tombs on that planet. Otherwise, the five great forces wouldn't have waited here for half a year!"

The Phantom said with certainty.

"Two divine tombs. There really are two divine tombs!"

The young man's body was trembling. Uncle Lin's eyes were also burning.

The value of two divine tombs could cause a fight between the five Great God lords in the Endless Star Field!

"It's true!"

The phantom nodded its head with certainty.

"Young master, Contact Master and the others immediately. Contact the Lord God Lord!"

Uncle Lin said to the young man with an excited face.

"I know!"

The young man was also excited. He immediately took out his communication device.

The communication stone plate flickered slightly, and a dignified phantom appeared in front of them.

"What do you want from me?"

The imposing middle-aged man saw that the young man was clearly somewhat impatient, and he sternly shouted.

"Father, I have a shocking piece of big news here!"

The Young Man's face revealed an excited expression as he said.

"Oh?"

The middle-aged man's gaze was imposing as he stared at him, listening at the side!