Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2044: The Eternal God of 2044 had arrived, and all of you were submitting to him

"Is there really a divine tomb?"

Behind a meteorite in the chaotic area, the shadow in front of the young man heard his son's report and revealed an excited expression.

"Master, we should be able to confirm it!"

Uncle Lin respectfully nodded to the Majestic Shadow.

"Good, good, good boy. If there really is a divine tomb there, your merit is immeasurable!"

The imposing figure revealed an excited smile. His gaze swept over Uncle Lin, and his eyes shot out a fiery expression.

"Old Lin, you guys wait here. You must ensure your safety!"

As he spoke, he looked at the young man again. "I will immediately report to your great grandfather. I will rush over to your place very soon!"

"It's the Old Master!"

"It's father, father. All of this is my credit. Hehe!"

The Young Man's face revealed an excited expression.

"Don't worry, when the time comes, your great grandfather will reward you!"

As the majestic figure finished speaking, his figure directly disappeared.

"Young master, we'll Wait Here!"

Uncle Lin's gaze looked towards the direction of earth as he said softly to the young man.

"Good, good!"

The young man's face was filled with excitement as he stood at the side and waited quietly.

"Ah!"

In the middle of the battlefield, when the last scream disappeared, the entire void was filled with corpses and divine kingdoms.

There were more than a hundred divine kingdoms, and every one of them was exuding a majestic aura!

"Dragon King, three of the members who ignited the divine flame have perished. More than fifty ordinary disciples of the Dragon Palace have perished!"

In the middle of the sky above Earth, Prime Minister GUI came forward to report to Wang Xian.

In a war, there would definitely be deaths. This war was a complete victory for the Dragon Palace.

The deaths of two godly state experts and more than 50 disciples were only a small number.

Compared to the gains, this small loss was not worth mentioning!

"Collect all the corpses of the godly state in the Void!"

"Also, give Xiao ran, Ji Lingfei, and the Dragon Gate Academy a Godly artifact!"

Wang Xian instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately.

"Hehe, Dragon King, can you give me a divine kingdom? I'm only one divine kingdom away from upgrading it!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang came over and said with a smile.

Liu mengxin, who was beside him, rolled her eyes at him!

"Sure, Pick any divine kingdom here. I'll give you the resources inside as well!"

Wang Xian said to Chen Feiyang with a smile.

Recently, Chen Feiyang and Liu Mengxin had been very close. It seemed that the two of them might be together.

As Ling Xiu's disciple and Xiao ran's sister, Wang Xian was naturally very generous.

Moreover, Chen Feiyang possessed some of the Constitution of Kun and was indirectly controlled by Lan Qingyue. He could be considered as one of them.

"Thank you, Dragon King. I have already set my sights on using the Divine Kingdom of the eight wisps of Divine Fire God. When I become the Eternal God Lord in the future, I will definitely repay you well!"

Chen Feiyang thickened his skin and flew directly towards the Divine Kingdom of the eight wisps of Divine Fire God.

Wang Xian smiled and did not stop him.

With more than a hundred divine kingdoms, the resources in them, as well as the corpses, could greatly increase the strength of the Dragon Palace.

Among the corpses were two gods with nine wisps of divine fire.

The members of the Dragon Palace began to clean up the battlefield. The disciples of the Dragon Gate Academy who participated in the battle were also excited to receive the interspatial rings of the disciples of the five major forces.

All of them were excited.

"Now, our Earth can be considered to have arrived in this area with great strength, right?"

"The Dragon Palace is too powerful. There are more than a hundred godly state experts, and this is even before the space beast makes a move!"

"With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, it should be able to suppress an area in the boundless star field, right?"

On Earth, everyone was discussing with heated faces.

At this moment, everyone once again realized the power and invincibility of the Dragon Palace.

The disciples who had followed the gods had completely lost all hope.

Even the five major forces had been destroyed by the Dragon King's Dragon Palace. What else could they do?

Many disciples were still thinking of returning to their own forces after returning to the boundless galaxy. Now, it seemed that there was no longer a need!

Some people were even considering whether they should join the Dragon Gate Academy.

They knew that with the current strength of the Dragon Palace, it could definitely be ranked in the top three outside of the five major forces in the boundless galaxy!

How terrifying!

"Let's go back!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of girls beside him and waved his hand at Hua er Cai'er who was riding on the Golden Lion not far away!

"We found a nice looking divine weapon. Old Wang, take a look!"

Hua'er rode the Golden Lion to Wang Xian's side with a smile on her face. She waved the lotus-like wood-type artifact in her hand.

"Call Me Daddy, Little Girl!"

Guan Shuqing saw Hua'er coming over and heard her address her. She teased her.

"I won't. You're the little girl. HMPH!"

Hua'er pouted at her.

Guan Shuqing and the rest smiled.

Although Hua'er Cai'er was a god who had been resurrected and might have lived for thousands of years, Guan Shuqing and the rest realized that the two of them were not as mature as they were!

It was unknown how they became gods in the first place.

This also made Guan Shuqing and the rest have a good impression of the two girls. They would often bicker with each other when they were free and it was harmonious. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

And because of Guan Shuqing and the rest, the two girls stopped calling Wang Xian 'father'and called him 'Old Wang'instead!

Wang Xian smiled at the side and rubbed Hua'er's head.

"Let's go. We have obtained quite a lot of treasures this time. You can take whatever you like when the time comes!"

As he spoke, he led the group of girls toward the Dragon Palace.

At the same time, while the Dragon Palace was clearing the battlefield and clearing the harvest, it was located in the east of the boundless galaxy.

In the center of the east, there was an enormous void forest.

The roots of the strange trees in the forest were rooted in the void. Each tree was more than ten kilometers in size and five to six kilometers in height.

The roots and branches of these trees were connected together, forming a void ground.

The entire forest was at least a hundred times the size of Earth.

In the center of the forest, there was an unusually large divine tree. The entire divine tree was blooming with divine light. It stood tall in the void. It was a hundred kilometers in size, with luxuriant branches and leaves that covered an area of several thousand kilometers.

This was one of the most famous areas in the boundless star field.

In the east, eternal divine leaf!

The place where divine leaf divine master lived was the residence of one of the five eternal divine masters of the boundless star field.

At this moment, a vast figure flew out from the top of the divine tree.

The leader was a middle-aged man about 2.3 meters tall. Although the middle-aged man was tall, he looked slightly thin and weak. His clothes also made him look more scholarly.

The middle-aged man held a wooden staff in his hand. In terms of power, this middle-aged man looked the weakest, even like a mortal.

But it was also this extraordinary power that was very eye-catching!