Chapter 2045: 2045, when the Eternal God master arrives, all of you will submit

"Let's Go!"

At the leaf of the eternal God of the east, the scholar-like middle-aged man said indifferently!

He raised the seemingly ordinary wooden staff in his hand and lightly tapped the position in front of him.

"Buzz!"

The entire void seemed to tremble. A black hole slowly appeared, and the black hole slowly enveloped everyone behind him.

Other than the middle-aged man, there were 40 to 50 figures behind him that contained enormous divine power.

"Buzz!"

The black hole closed.

"Buzz!"

Very quickly, everyone appeared on a planet.

"Grandfather!"

The dignified middle-aged man saw the black hole appear in front of him. His face revealed a respectful and cautious expression as he bowed towards the middle-aged man that slowly appeared.

"Lord God!"

Behind the middle-aged man, five figures hurriedly knelt down in the air and shouted loudly.

Their faces were also extremely respectful.

Even though they were all gods, when they faced this middle-aged man, they all knelt down from the bottom of their hearts.

This was because the middle-aged man in front of them was the eternal divine leaf!

"Little Sen, Pass Me Xiaobei's position!"

The divine leaf god Lord looked at the middle-aged man in front of him and said calmly.

"It's grandpa. According to one of my subordinates, 90% of that planet has a divine tomb, and there are two of them!"

The middle-aged man called Xiao Sen immediately said!

"If there really are two of them..."

The divine leaf god Lord muttered, his eyes shining. In the end, his grandson handed him a branch.

He sensed it, and the wooden staff in his hand gently pointed forward.

"Buzz!"

The black hole appeared again. God Lord Shenye stepped inside, and the gods behind him followed.

"Eh? It's moving. That planet is moving again. They're ready to continue moving forward!"

In the chaotic Starfield, the young man saw Earth moving forward again, and shouted in slight surprise.

"I wonder what Lord God Lord and the others are..."

"Buzz!"

Before Uncle Lin could finish his words, a black hole appeared out of thin air in front of them.

"Greetings Lord God Lord!"

Uncle Lin saw the figure in the black hole and immediately knelt down.

"Great grandfather!"

The young man also put away his careless temperament and immediately bowed in a cautious manner.

Black Hole travel was a unique ability of the eternal God Lord. Its speed was hundreds of times faster than the speed of light.

"Mm!"

The divine leaf god Lord nodded and looked forward.

"Xiaobei, is this the planet you mentioned?"

He looked in the direction of Earth and asked the young man.

"It's great-grandfather. I've been observing here for more than half a year. Just now, there were five forces and more than a hundred gods waiting here for the arrival of this planet!"

"We heard the leaders of the five forces say that they want to enter the divine tomb, but now they've been killed by the experts on this planet!"

"We have a fallen God here. He can also confirm it!"

The young man immediately nodded and took the phantom condensed from the drop of divine blood.

"Greetings, Lord God Master. What the young master said is all the truth. This lowly one doesn't dare to hide anything!"

The Phantom saw God Lord Shenye kneeling down in excitement and immediately promised.

"Lord God Lord, let's go investigate!"

At this time, the gods standing behind immediately said respectfully.

God Lord Shenye didn't say anything. His figure moved and came to the position directly in front of Earth.

The gods knew the eternal god Lord's character and immediately flew toward Earth.

"Uncles, stop this planet and take complete control!"

The middle-aged man called Xiao Sen said to the gods.

"Yes!"

The gods floated in the air, and the seven old men in the lead trembled!

"Flowers bloom, but they break, trapped!"

The seven old men waved their arms, and thorns appeared in the Void!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, the densely packed thorns seemed to be endless as they covered the entire earth.

The sudden appearance of this scene caused the people on Earth who were excitedly chatting to be completely stunned.

They raised their heads and slightly opened their mouths, revealing expressions of shock on their faces.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The densely packed thorns were each a hundred meters thick, and they directly covered the entire earth!

"Rumble!"

At this moment, rays of green light enveloped the earth, and the Earth directly stopped in the void.

Furthermore, the thorns directly surrounded the entire earth, completely sealing it off.

Only a few hundred kilometers ahead of them was an exit.

Seeing this terrifying scene, everyone's faces were filled with shock.

"What... What's going on? Hiss, could it be that there are even more powerful experts coming to attack us! ?"

"Heavens, this... the entire earth is completely enveloped, this..."

Everyone was stunned.

This scene was far more shocking than the five Great Powers'attack earlier.

The entire Earth was completely covered. What kind of existence could do this?

"God Lord Shenye has arrived. All of you will submit!"

At this moment, a vast voice resounded throughout the entire earth.

"God Lord Shenye? Eternal God Lord?"

Hearing this voice, everyone trembled and revealed an incredulous expression.

"Eternal God Lord, it's actually the eternal god Lord who has arrived. My God, this..."

"How could it be? There's actually an eternal god Lord here. What is this kind of existence doing here?"

"It's over. He has directly trapped our earth. He doesn't come with good intentions!"

Everyone had a hint of fear on their faces.

They didn't know how powerful the eternal Lord was. Even the former divine Lord Guangyi was a fallen divine lord. There was less than one-tenth of his strength left!

Moreover, this divine leaf divine lord was one of the overlords who had suppressed the boundless star field.

Such an existence wasn't something that the divine Lord Guangyi could compare to.

"Eternal God Lord?"

At this moment, the expressions of Wang Xian and the others who were in the Dragon Palace's Dragon King Hall changed drastically when they heard this voice.

They moved and immediately arrived above the Dragon Palace.

An eternal God Lord was definitely not someone that the Dragon Palace could contend against.

Even with ao crab around, it would be difficult for him to fight against an eternal god Lord who had suppressed the boundless star field for hundreds of thousands of years.

It was already good enough for him to escape unscathed!

When they were floating on the surface of the sea and looking at the sky, their expressions changed slightly.

The entire earth had been completely enveloped!

"Shu Qing, Qing Yue, Feng Luan, you girls, immediately move the Dragon Palace to the transcendence continent!"

Wang Xian immediately said to them.

"Little Xian!"

The girls were slightly shocked and their expressions changed drastically.

"The Dragon Palace can't withstand the attack of the eternal lord. Just in case, you guys should head to the transcendence continent First!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said solemnly!

"No, we'll go. What about you guys, Xiao Xian?"

The group of girls'expressions changed slightly as they said anxiously.

"We'll take a look at the specific situation first. However, to be on the safe side, the Dragon Palace will move the transcendence continent first. You guys should follow them too. Quick!"

"Surrender!"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, an extremely terrifying pressure enveloped earth.

At this moment, even Wang Xian's body trembled.

"Quick!" Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He urged the group of girls and looked at the members of the Dragon Palace. "Let's Go!"