Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2046: 2046, Eternal God, kneel down? Go

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

"I am the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace on Earth. I am here to pay my respects to you, God Ye. May I know why you have come to Earth?"

After Wang Xian finished speaking to the group of girls, he led dozens of godly state experts from the Dragon Palace and flew toward the entrance.

At the same time, Wang Xian's voice was transmitted to them.

However, there was no response from the sky.

When they flew out from the exit, they immediately saw dozens of figures outside.

At the front, dozens of vast voices were suspended in the air.

The leaders were seven old men. Each of them had a terrifying aura.

"Peak of the Godly State!"

Sensing the might of the seven of them, Wang Xian was slightly shocked. His face was filled with a solemn expression.

There were seven peak of the godly state.

The group of gods behind them were all above five wisps of godly fire.

In the middle of the void at the back, a middle-aged man stood there quietly. At a glance, it was as if the entire sky was centered around that middle-aged man.

"Father, they are the experts on this planet. That middle-aged man is very strong. He easily killed two gods with nine wisps of divine fire!"

The young man walked to his father's side and reminded him softly.

"Okay!"

The middle-aged man nodded his head with a dignified expression. His gaze swept across Wang Xian and the rest as he narrowed his eyes slightly.

"If you meet the god of divine leaves, kneel down immediately!"

He took two steps towards the void slowly as he shouted at Wang Xian and the rest with a dignified gaze.

Boom

In an instant, waves of extremely terrifying pressure swept towards Wang Xian and the rest.

Everyone's expression changed drastically.

"HMPH!"

Ao crab's body shook as a wave of black soil filled the surroundings, completely blocking their pressure!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, the divine leaf master looked over slowly. As far as he could see, a thorn cage had appeared around Wang Xian and the rest, completely enveloping them.

"Not good, break!"

Ao crab raised his arm. His entire arm immediately transformed into a dragon claw and attacked the cage directly.

"Bang!"

However, when the sharp claw landed on the cage, it only left a crack on it!

"This is bad!"

Ao crab's heart sank, and his face revealed an extremely grave expression.

"Dragon King, his strength is very, very strong!"

He said to Wang Xian with an embarrassed expression.

When the divine lord of Shenye saw a crack on the cage, he swept a glance at ao crab and turned his gaze to Earth!

"There is no tomb of the gods on this planet!"

At this moment, he spoke slowly.

"There is no God's Tomb?"

His words caused the expressions of everyone around to change drastically. The young man widened his eyes and let out a cry of surprise!

"How is this possible? How can there be no God's tomb? Didn't you say that there is a god's tomb?"

He looked at the God's blood phantom that Uncle Lin was holding and said with a somewhat embarrassed expression.

"Lord God Master, the information we received is 100% that there is a god's tomb. How can it be... could it be that the god's tomb has been obtained by them? It must be, it must be. Otherwise, this planet that walked out from the ruins wouldn't have such an expert!"

The divine blood phantom trembled as it roared.

The divine leaf master slowly frowned, his face revealing a deep disappointment.

If there were really two divine tombs here, he might be able to allow his wife to step into the eternal master realm. Now...

"Weng!"

His body moved, and he continued flying forward, entering through the entrance.

"Boom!"

At the same time, an imposing aura surged toward Earth.

"Is... is this the eternal God Lord?"

"Hiss, Eternal God Lord, this is the eternal God Lord, how terrifying!"

Under the pressure of the seven peak godly state experts, everyone was either kneeling or lying on the ground. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

When God Lord Shenye descended, everyone felt as if the sky was falling.

Everyone looked at the figure in the sky with extremely pale faces!

"Great-grandfather, is there really no God Tomb?"

The youth following behind couldn't help but fly over and ask God Lord Shenye.

The other gods followed closely behind. The seven peak divine realm elders waved their hands and brought the cage over.

"That's the Dragon King! The Dragon King and the others are trapped in that cage!"

"This... Oh My God, we're doomed! We're doomed!"

When everyone on Earth saw the Dragon King and the others trapped in the cage, they were all shocked.

Even the Dragon King and the others were subdued in an instant. Was this the Eternal God Lord?

Everyone took a deep breath and looked at the divine leaf god Lord in the sky with fear!

"Quick, quick, we'll immediately move the Dragon Palace to the extraordinary continent. Even if we die, we can be resurrected through the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, in the ocean, a group of girls said anxiously.

The authority of the Dragon Palace had been given to them, and they could move the earth.

They had never thought that an eternal God would come here!

The girls'faces were a bit ugly and full of worry.

"We... if we escape now, then what about father and the others?"

Hua'er and Cai'er were even more anxious as they spoke to the girls.

"If we stay here now, we'll only add trouble. Only by escaping from here can Xiao Xian and the others truly be safe!"

Feng Luan rationally spoke to the two little girls.

"This..."

The two little girls looked at them at a loss!

Buzz

At this moment, the dragon palace trembled slowly and was prepared to move.

"You guys have obtained the God's Tomb?"

In the sky, the young man looked at Wang Xian and the rest with an embarrassed expression and shouted sternly!

"Everyone, we don't have a god's tomb here!"

When Wang Xian heard their words, his expression changed slightly and he immediately said.

"Damn it, how can there not be a god's tomb!"

The young man's expression was a little ugly. The young man's father, who was beside him, also frowned slightly.

"Eh?"

Suddenly, a look of surprise appeared on the face of the god of Shenye. He raised his eyebrows and waved the wooden staff in his hand slightly in the direction of the ocean.

Crack! Crack! Crack

In the sky, an incomparably huge wooden palm slowly formed. The palm area reached a radius of a thousand kilometers as it directly grabbed towards the ocean.

"Oh no!"

Wang Xian's expression changed instantly when he saw the divine leaf God making his move!

"Roar!"

Ao crab roared and attacked the cage again.

"Boom!"

However, the cage seemed to be indestructible. After a few consecutive attacks, the cage could not be broken!

"Crash!"

In the ocean, the terrifying wooden claw slowly grabbed the dragon palace. The terrifying strength resisted the strength of the wooden claw.

However, a level-6 dragon palace could only withstand attacks below the level of the Eternal Lord. It could not withstand the attacks of the divine leaf lord.

"Oh no, our dragon palace has been discovered!"

In the Dragon King's Palace, the group of girls were horrified when they saw that the dragon palace was out of control.

"Oh no, Daddi and the rest are trapped!"

Hua'er Cai'er noticed that Wang Xian and the rest were trapped and her expression changed slightly.

"Get Out!"

They immediately rode on the Golden Lion and flew out!