Chapter 2047: Eternal God Master 2047 knelt down

"Get Out!"

Inside the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui's expression changed slightly when he saw the Dragon Palace being grabbed by a terrifying claw. He immediately ordered loudly.

All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately flew to the Dragon Palace!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Instantly, more than 26,000 members flew out of the Dragon Palace. Every member of the Dragon Palace emitted a powerful battle intent.

"Let go of our Dragon King!"

They stared at the Divine Leaf God master and his group in the air and roared.

"Hiss!"

At this moment, everyone on Earth looked toward the ocean. When they saw the Dragon Palace being grabbed into the air, their eyes widened in shock.

The Invincible Dragon King and the Invincible Dragon Palace in their hearts had no power to resist the divine leaf god master at all.

This...

Was too terrifying!

The fate of Earth would depend on God Lord Shenye!

God Lord Shenye didn't respond to the roars of the members of the Dragon Palace. It was as if he didn't respond at all. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His eyes were full of surprise as he stared at the Dragon Palace that had been captured into the void.

"Dragon King? Humph, all of you kneel down in the void and surrender. Otherwise, you will die!"

God Lord Shenye didn't speak, but it didn't mean that the others didn't speak.

"Kneel!"The young man's father looked at everyone in the Dragon Palace and shouted coldly.

"Kneel!"

Seeing that they dared to offend the god Lord, the seven elders didn't show any anger on their faces. They stepped forward, and a terrifying pressure enveloped everyone in the Dragon Palace.

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace trembled slightly. In front of a peak-stage God realm expert, a trace of fear appeared on their faces.

They couldn't be defeated by force!

"What a terrifying pressure!"

Hua'er and Cai'er felt the pressure coming from the crowd below the dragon palace, and their bodies trembled slightly.

The two golden lions were even trembling as they sat down and howled in low voices.

It was too terrifying!

At this moment, the entire earth was silent, and everyone's breathing was somewhat hurried as they looked on with pale faces!

"Sister!"

Suddenly, a trembling and excited voice sounded.

Hua'er was slightly stunned. She looked at her elder sister and saw that her elder sister's eyes were slightly red. Her face was filled with astonishment.

"Little sister, look at him... does he look like him? Does he look like him! ?"

Cai'er pointed at the indifferent divine leaf god Master in the air and said with a trembling body.

"Why, elder sister..."

Hua'er looked over. When she saw God Lord Shenye's face, she was completely stunned.

"It seems... it seems... even his aura is similar!"

In an instant, Hua'er's eyes turned red. Her body moved, and she blankly flew toward the strange yet familiar figure in the sky.

Cai'er also stared at that figure and flew directly over!

"Hua'er, Cai'er, be careful!"

When Guan Shuqing and the other girls saw that the two were actually charging toward God lord divine leaf, their expressions changed greatly, and they immediately cried out in alarm!

Hua'er cai'er ignored their cries and blankly flew forward.

A distance of several hundred kilometers was very close to them, who had already ignited three wisps of divine fire.

"Eh?"

Hua'er Cai'er flew over, instantly causing the eternal divine leaf gods in the void.

The young man and his father who were standing in the void raised their eyebrows slightly. Their eyes were cold.

"Hua'er and Cai'er, go back!"

Wang Xian was also stunned when he saw the two girls rushing over. He immediately shouted.

This time, the two girls did not listen to him. Their eyes were fixed on the figure.

The god of divine leaves, who seemed to be independent from the rest of the world, swept his indifferent gaze over. His eyes, which had not shown the slightest fluctuation, were sparkling!

His hand holding the wooden staff trembled slightly. His body, which seemed to be able to support the heavens and the earth, seemed to have bent slightly.

He fixed his gaze on the two figures flying over.

"Big Block!"

At this moment, Hua'er suddenly shouted, her eyes filled with tears.

"Eh?"

The gods behind God Lord Shenye frowned and looked at her with some bewilderment.

"Stop!"

The young man's father was full of confusion. He took a step behind God Lord Shenye and shouted at Hua er cai ER.

However, as soon as he finished speaking, a pressure came toward him, causing him to be slightly startled. He immediately looked at his grandfather!

"Plop!"

Everyone was shocked. Under the incredulous gazes of the eternal gods, their lord god Lord actually knelt down in the void.

He flew towards the two girls and knelt down, slowly spreading his arms.

What made them tremble even more was that at this moment, God Lord God Leaf's tears flowed down!

"Daddy!"

"Daddy!"

Hua Cai'er's tears flowed down as she threw herself into God lord god Leaf's embrace.

"Little Yu Wen, Little Yu Rou!"

"I didn't expect... I didn't expect that you guys..."

God Lord Shenye spread his arms and hugged Hua'er tightly as he called out softly in excitement.

Yu Wen? Yu Rou?

Seeing their god Lord kneeling in the air and hugging two little girls who were only about 1.6 meters tall, the eternal leaf gods were slightly shocked.

Hearing his grandfather's words, the dignified middle-aged man widened his eyes and was filled with disbelief!

Wen Yurou. These two names were his aunt's names.

He had never met his aunt. Even his father, who had already died, did not have a deep impression of his two sisters.

He only knew that his two aunts had died unexpectedly when his father was five or six years old.

As for how they died, he did not know, and no one dared to ask.

Not long after his two aunts died, his grandfather stepped into the Eternal Divine Lord Realm.

And in less than ten years, his grandfather gained another title.

Dead Wood divine leaf!

What was a dead wood? A dead wood!

He learned from his father that because of the death of his two aunts, his grandfather became sick from longing for them. He made an unexpected breakthrough and became a dead wood divine leaf!

His expression was cold, neither sad nor happy!

He had only seen his grandfather's smile when Xiaobei was born.

"They are my aunts!"

The mighty middle-aged man was slightly stunned as he looked at this scene in a Daze!

Behind him, the young man was completely stunned. He looked at this scene in a daze.

His grandfather? Those two girls who had suddenly appeared? What was this?

Buzz

At the back, the seven elders'expressions changed slightly when they saw what their god Lord had said and saw this scene.

They waved their arms, immediately covering the entire area, making it impossible to see anything below!

The seven elders immediately flew forward and arrived at the back of God Lord Shenye!

"Greetings, your princesses!"

The seven elders knelt in the air and called out respectfully.

As the seven strongest subordinates of the Eternal God Lord, they had followed God Lord Shenye for more than one generation. Their father and even their grandfather had followed the god Lord.

They naturally had to be familiar with everything about the god Lord.

When they saw this scene, they knew that the two daughters that the god Lord had doted on the most, the two daughters that had caused the god Lord Pain, were still alive!

These were the princesses of their eternal God Leaf!

They were also the pearl of the Eternal God Leaf!