Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2048: 2048 separation

"What happened? Why did I see the Eternal God master kneeling in front of the two girls just now? Am I seeing things?"

"What's going on? What's the relationship between the two goddesses in the Dragon Palace and the Divine Leaf God Master?"

"This... why is it suddenly blocked? What's going on up there?"

On Earth, everyone looked surprised when they saw the terrifying eternal God master suddenly kneel in front of the two goddesses in the Dragon Palace and spread out his arms.

What was going on?

Unfortunately, the seven old men covered up what was happening here!

"Hualala!"

At this moment, the gods behind them saw the seven old men kneel down and call out respectfully, and their faces were also filled with shock.

"Greetings, Your Highness!"

They hurriedly leaned forward and knelt in the air, bowing to Hua'er Cai'er!

"Aunt!"

The mighty middle-aged man opened his mouth and bowed.

"Kneel down and pay your respects to Aunt!"

He saw his son's stunned expression behind him and immediately shouted.

"Greetings, Aunties!"

The young man quickly knelt on the ground and shouted.

There was a father between his seniority and Hua'er and Cai'er. Naturally, he had to kneel down!

"Hua'er Cai'er's father?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was trapped in the cage, was filled with astonishment when he saw this scene. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He did not expect that the eternal lord who came over was actually the biological father of the two girls.

One had to know that the two girls had fallen for hundreds of thousands of years before they were resurrected by chance.

"What a coincidence!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. When he saw this scene, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart.

With the relationship between Hua'er and Cai'er, the crisis that they encountered this time could be resolved smoothly. Otherwise, he really didn't know what to do.

"Daddy, Alright, Alright. Don't Cry, Don't Cry!"

At this moment, Hua'er wiped the tears of the Divine Leaf God with her slightly red eyes and said with a smile!

"Daddy is so happy, so happy!"

Divine Leaf Master didn't feel embarrassed or embarrassed at all. He gently touched their faces with both hands!

"When we go back later, your mother will be very, very happy if she knows that you are still alive!"

Divine Leaf Master said happily.

"Mommy is still alive?"

Hua'er was excited when she heard his words and immediately said.

"Yes. Although your mother didn't break through to the Eternal God Lord Realm, I obtained some treasures in the past to extend your mother's life!"

God Lord Shenye smiled!

"What about your brother?"

Cai'er hesitated for a moment and asked.

"Your brother is old, but he has lived for 100,000 years. He didn't feel sad at all before he died. Your mother and I feel the most guilty about you two girls. Now that you have appeared in front of us, we are very happy!"

The god of divine leaves had a smile on his face.

"Come, let Father Hug You. Remember when you two little girls ran out of the house to play? You must be this big too!"

He stood up slowly and held a little girl in each hand. He was as happy as a child!

"Hehe!"

Hua'er Caili also smiled and held his neck.

"Oh right, father, let me introduce someone to you!"

"Dad, let them go quickly!"

Hua'er and Cai'er quickly said when they saw Wang Xian and the rest who were trapped.

"Alright, Alright!"

The god of divine leaves nodded immediately and looked at Wang Xian and the rest. The cage was immediately released.

At the same time, the huge wooden claw in the sky slowly placed the dragon palace into the ocean.

"Dad, let me introduce to you. This is the person I met after my sister and I woke up. At that time, we were just a baby and he raised us up. He is our dad on Earth!"

Hua'er jumped down from the arms of the god of leaves and came to Wang Xian's side. She held his arm and introduced him.

"Dad on Earth?"

The god of leaves was slightly stunned. There was a hint of jealousy in his eyes. However, when he saw how happy his daughter was, a smile appeared on his face.

"Er... Hello, Big Brother!"

Wang Xian opened his mouth and hesitated for a moment. Then, he extended his hand with a smile!

"Hello, Hello. I'm really grateful to you for what happened to Yuwen and Yurou. If you need anything in the boundless galaxy in the future, you can look for me!"

He immediately extended his hand and said with a smile on his face.

"Well, Yuwen and Yurou, let me bring you guys home!"

"Why don't you bring this planet to our eternal divine leaf? When we get there, I'll thank you properly, Little Brother!"

The divine leaf master said to Hua'er, Cai'er, and Wang Xian.

"That's right, Old Wang. Why Don't you bring Earth to our biological father's place? Eternal God, we will take care of you in the future. Hehe!"

Hua'er immediately said with a smile.

"Go to the eternal divine leaf?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. A hesitant look appeared on his face.

He had heard of the name eternal divine leaf before he came here. It was one of the five major forces of the eternal divine leaf in the east.

If it were the eternal leaf of the east, the development of Earth would not be too bad just based on Hua'er and Cai'er's relationship.

Even the Dragon Palace would not dare to offend anyone in the entire boundless galaxy due to Hua'er and Cai'er's relationship.

"No, we have already confirmed where Earth is going!"

Wang Xian still rejected Hua'er and Cai'er's suggestion.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, there was no need to rely on any force. As long as the Eternal Lord did not come personally, he would not be afraid.

Furthermore, it might not be long before the Dragon Palace would be able to contend with the Eternal Lord.

Going to the planet of the supernatural continent was the best choice and would allow for better development.

"You two girls should go back with your father first to visit your mother. If I have time, I will look for you!"

He looked at Hua er and Cai'er and continued.

"No, why can't you come with us?"

"That's right!"

Hua er shook his arm reluctantly!

"Alright, Alright. The Dragon Palace has its own development. I will look for you after settling down in the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said to the two girls helplessly!

"Alright then. You must promise to look for us as soon as possible!"

Hua Er pouted her lips at him.

"Don't Worry!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Hehe, I have the celestial communication stone plate here. You can use the stone plate to contact us from any corner of the boundless celestial domain!"

Seeing how his daughter was so dependent on other men, God Master Shenye was extremely jealous. He felt as if his things had been robbed.

However, he still took out three communication stone tablets and handed them to Wang Xian and his daughter.

"Thank you!"

Wang Xian nodded and took them. He then exchanged a few words with Hua er Cai'er!

"We've agreed that you will come back to look for us after settling down on Earth!"