Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2049: 2049 arrived

"Old Wang, Don't Forget Our Agreement!"

In the sky, Hua Er and Cai'er waved at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and waved at them!

"You two little girls, hurry up and leave!"

Guan Shuqing and the rest had flown over just now. After receiving all the news, they joked with the two little girls.

"HMPH, you bunch of narrow-minded women. It's not like we're snatching men from you!"

Hua'er Cai'er glared at them and said.

"Hehe, if you bring us some good stuff when you come, we won't bother you two girls!"

The group of girls waved at them!

Hua'er cai'er smiled and looked at her father!

"Dad, let's go. I Miss Mom!"

"Alright, Alright. Let's go, Let's Go!"

The smile on the god of divine leaves never stopped. He nodded immediately.

He pointed forward and a black hole appeared in front of them.

Hua'er Cai'er turned around and smiled at Wang Xian and the rest. She followed the god of divine leaves into the black hole.

At the back, the gods of eternal divine leaf took a deep look at Wang Xian and the rest before following them into the black hole.

This time, although they did not find the divine tomb and did not obtain any treasures, they had obtained an existence that made the eternal divine Lord even more precious.

The young man had a smile on his face. He had contributed greatly to the encounter between the two grandaunts and his great grandfather.

This contribution was even greater than finding the divine tomb here. His great-grandfather would definitely reward him well this time!

"The two grandaunts have returned. Based on the great-grandfather and great-grandmother's love for the two grandaunts, I reckon that in the future, the entire eternal divine leaf will belong to the two grandaunts!"

"I'll have to please the two grandaunts properly in the future!"

He thought to himself, thinking about how to please the two grandaunts in the future!

What he didn't know was that his father had the same thoughts at this moment.

"I didn't expect these two girls to be the daughters of the god Lord of the boundless star field. This time, it's all thanks to these two girls!"

Seeing Hua'er Cai'er and the others leave, the group of girls sighed.

"Without these two girls, it's a lot less fun!"

Feng Luan smiled.

"Let's go. Let's continue flying towards the direction of the supernatural continent!"

Wang Xian said as they returned to the Dragon Palace. Earth was activated once again as they flew towards the direction of the supernatural continent.

"It's over. Has the Eternal God Left?"

"It seems like there are people in the Dragon Palace who are relatives of the Eternal God!"

"It's good that everything is fine. It's good that everything is fine. The Eternal God is really terrifying. I reckon that he can easily destroy Earth!"

Everyone on Earth watched the matter end in confusion. They were both surprised and slightly relieved.

The Eternal God Lord was so powerful that Earth was not something the Dragon Palace could contend against.

It was a great fortune for them to be able to avoid this crisis.

Earth flew out of the chaotic space zone again and entered the boundless space zone.

"The transcendence continent is located in a remote corner in the north. It can be considered as the northern region of the boundless starfield. The force that shook the northern region is eternal thunderclap. The Lord of Thunderclap is suppressing the north!"

"We estimate that we will be able to get close to the transcendence continent in a week's time!"

In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian stood in front of the star chart and listened to Prime Minister Gui's report.

"In the south of the transcendence continent, there are five to six life planets that are relatively close. With the speed of the five wisps of divine fire, we can reach them within a month. We can connect to the array formation and teleport instantly!"

"These five to six life planets are not eternal Thunderbolts. Our Dragon Palace can occupy them!"

Prime Minister Gui looked at the star chart and continued his analysis.

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly. Every time the Dragon Palace occupied the ocean of a planet, they would be rewarded by the system. Furthermore, the rewards were extremely generous.

Occupying the ocean of a planet was a means for the rapid development of the Dragon Palace.

"Currently, the number of members of the Dragon Palace is still too small. At the very least, we have to double it. If we can occupy these five to six planets, let's see if we can recruit more members!"

"Now, leave half of the resources in the Dragon Palace for the promotion of new members in the future!"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King. We should indeed increase the number of members of the Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded in agreement.

There were more than 26,000 subordinates of the Dragon Palace now, but that was not a lot. In fact, it was only a drop in the ocean in this boundless galaxy.

They had to increase the number of members of the Dragon Palace to at least 50,000.

Although there were more members of the Dragon Palace and more resources needed to increase the number, they could let the disciples of the Dragon Palace go out for training in the future.

They could let the disciples of the Dragon Palace enter this vast and boundless galaxy to search for their own opportunities.

Time passed slowly while Wang Xian and Prime Minister Gui were discussing the future development of the Dragon Palace.

After experiencing the incident with the divine leaf master, Wang Xian and the rest were much more vigilant this time. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Dragon King, the extraordinary mainland has appeared in our sight!"

Seven days passed very quickly. At this time, earth had already arrived at its designated location, near the planet of the extraordinary mainland.

"Place Earth in front of the planet of the transcendence continent and rotate according to the laws of the Universe!"

Wang Xian immediately instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

"Xiao Xian, do you want to connect the passageway between the transcendence continent and earth so that the people of the transcendence continent can enter Earth and earth can enter the transcendence continent?"

Feng Luan walked over and asked Wang Xian.

"Yes, some of the cultivation grounds of the divine kingdom on Earth are great opportunities for the people from the supernatural continent. We can start with the elite members of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire and let them cultivate in the divine kingdom on Earth!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Dragon King, it's best if we can open a passageway with other planets so that we can develop faster!"

Prime Minister Gui added from the side.

"Let's settle down on Earth for the time being. After that, we can investigate the situation of the surrounding planets and make preparations!"

Wang Xian said and flew out of the Dragon Palace immediately. He looked forward.

At this moment, there was an incomparably huge planet in front of them. This planet was dozens of times the size of earth!

Buzz

At this moment, earth stopped in front of the huge planet and began to rotate slowly.

"Have we reached our destination?"

Everyone on Earth looked at the huge planet in front of them with shocked expressions!

"We should have arrived. Look at the planet in front of us. That is a life planet with an oasis and an ocean!"

Some experts flew into the sky and said in surprise.

At the same time, on the extraordinary continent, some experts also noticed the planet that suddenly appeared in their void space and looked at it in shock.

Two distant planets, looking at each other for the first time!