Chapter 2050: 2050 nine dragons divine throne, descend! Go

"That planet is called the transcendental continent. Its area is dozens of times larger than Earth. The Dragon Phoenix Empire rules over the entire continent!"

"That planet is called Earth. It used to be the Dragon King's former residence. Now, the Dragon King has moved it to the sky above our transcendental continent!"

When earth completely settled beside the transcendental continent planet, news spread to Earth and the transcendental continent one by one.

A demigod-level powerhouse could enter another planet in half a day's time.

Wang Xian did not prohibit the connection between Earth and the supernatural continent. On the contrary, the connection between the two planets could promote the development of the two planets.

The current rule of the transcendence was the dragon-phoenix Empire. In the past few years, it had flourished. The number of demigod-level powerhouses had increased by dozens.

Because of the rule of the dragon-phoenix Empire, all kinds of prodigies emerged. As long as they were geniuses, they would not be hidden.

In the following period of time, some people entered Earth, and some people entered the extraordinary continent.

After going to another Earth, many people also learned more about the Dragon King.

Especially the people on Earth. Now they finally knew why the Dragon King could rise so quickly.

They also knew why the Dragon Palace had so many terrifying powerhouses. It turned out that the Dragon King had this planet as his backing.

The communication between the two planets was mainly made up of elites. As time passed, it gradually calmed down.

Earth was completely stabilized in this piece of starry sky.

Half a year passed very quickly. Wang Xian also accompanied a group of girls during this half a year.

He had taken down Feng Luan not long ago. She was also handling some matters in the dragon-phoenix Empire.

The main task was to handle the relationship between the supernatural continent and Earth. Furthermore, she had placed some of the divine kingdoms in the supernatural continent in preparation to nurture powerhouses and gods.

On Earth, the Dragon Gate Academy was the main force. The two of them had set some rules!

"Dragon King, Ao Yao and the others want to see you!"

In the Dragon King Palace, Prime Minister Gui, Ao Yao, and the other ten thorned dragon species came to pay their respects.

After killing more than a hundred immortals from the five forces, the Dragon Palace's strength had increased greatly.

Eight more thorned dragon species were born after fusing with the darkness divine spark!

Five more berserk dragon species were born.

Apart from that, the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace who had ignited the divine fire had also improved.

The last time, only half of the resources were consumed. Apart from adding some thorned dragons and berserk dragons, Wang Xian used the rest to raise the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace who were in the Godly State!

Currently, the strength of the top-notch members of the Dragon Palace had ignited two or three wisps of divine fire.

Compared to the Dragon Palace in the past, their strength had improved tremendously.

In addition, the group of small-sized devouring dragons in Ao Crab's body had ignited the divine fire after devouring seventy to eighty divine kingdoms. They were extremely powerful.

Now, there were more than one hundred and sixty people who had ignited the divine fire in the Dragon Palace.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Ao Yao and the rest bowed and greeted Wang Xian.

"How is it?"

Wang Xian asked them.

Three months ago, Wang Xian had sent ao Yao and the rest to investigate the situation of the other planets in this starfield.

"Dragon King, among the six planets that we have investigated, there are gods in three of them. The strongest planet has two gods!"

Ao Yao reported to Wang Xian.

"A total of four gods?"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

"Yes, a total of four gods. However, we are not sure if there are any gods that have left their planet temporarily!"

Ao Yao said.

"Are there any gods that are connected to the outside world on the planets that have gods?"

Wang Xian asked.

"Yes, there is one planet where the gods enslave the gods and earn some resources by selling people. The similarity between these six planets is that they are lacking in resources and do not support the birth of more gods!"

Wang Xian nodded slightly when he heard ao Yao's words.

He had also heard some of what Ji Lingfei had said. Some life planets were lacking in resources and did not support the birth of gods. Such planets would be abandoned by the gods over time.

This was also the reason why these planets were not ruled by Eternal Thunder.

"I wonder how those gods communicate with the outside world. Let's ignore everything else and rule these six planets first!"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment.

The only problem at the moment was to get in touch with the outside world first and construct a space teleportation formation with the other planets.

With the formation, earth and the transcendence continent would be able to integrate into the entire boundless galaxy.

"Get Ready. We will descend to the other six planets and rule the oceans!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui and the rest.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded immediately and went outside to get ready.

"Xiao Xian, are you going out?"

A group of girls walked over and asked him!

"Yes. After I rule over the oceans of those six planets, you can go to those planets to have some fun!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded at them.

"Alright, then we will go to the transcendence continent with sister Feng Luan Now!"

The group of girls nodded their heads!

"Dragon King, the carriage is ready!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked in and reported.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew to the sky above the ocean.

"Roar!"

At this moment, in the sky above the Dragon Palace, nine green dragons were pulling a dragon carriage. The majestic canopy that was emitting divine radiance was on top of the dragon carriage.

Around the Dragon Carriage, Ao Jian's six dragon guards were on both sides.

Ao nu stood on the dragon carriage with a cattail leaf fan in her hand.

At the back, the ten berserk dragon species were emitting a terrifying aura.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian took a look and flew directly to the dragon carriage of the Dragon Palace.

"Let's go to the first planet!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon carriage and said calmly.

"Roar!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

The Nine Green Dragons roared and the green wind attribute gathered around them.

The green light enveloped Wang Xian and the rest. They vanished instantly and teleported towards the vast starry sky.

"Roar! Roar!"

In the vast void, nine gigantic green dragons that were five thousand meters in size were pulling a divine chariot as they flew through the void. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The nine dragons transformed into green dragons after igniting the divine flames.

The speed of the Green Dragons was the fastest among the group of divine dragons.

When they erupted at full speed, their speed was more than ten times faster than the speed of light. Coupled with the occasional teleportation, their speed was even more terrifying.

But even so, it would still take them more than ten days to reach the nearest life planet.

"Roar! Roar!"

More than ten days passed quickly in the void.

"Dragon King, the first planet is about to arrive!"

Thirteen days later, Ao Jian's voice came from outside.

"Have we arrived?"

Wang Xian slowly opened the curtain in front of the divine seat and looked forward.

A planet appeared in his line of sight. The planet was about ten times the size of earth and the ocean occupied almost sixty percent of the entire world!

The first life planet, Planet Akley, was named after a God!