Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2051: 2051 nine dragons throne, descend

Planet Akley, a cultivation planet similar to the extraordinary continent.

The entire planet was dominated by the god of war, Akley. The people of the planet were intrepid, and various powers and countries were rampant. Wars often broke out!

As the only God on this planet, the god of War stood high above in the palace of the god of war, for the people to worship.

In the east of the continent, a vast ocean was surging!

At this moment, on both sides of the ocean, the two forces were facing each other. Each force had more than ten million people.

At the front, a million people were floating in the sky. The atmosphere was extremely solemn. A war was about to break out!

"The Ocean of the sky belongs to our war god Empire. All the resources in it belong to our war god Empire. Your Skyfire Empire can forget about snatching them away from us!"

In the center of the right side of the team, an old man in armor shouted sternly.

"Belongs to you? Lord War God said this place belongs to you? If you didn't say it, then don't waste your breath!"

On the opposite side, a middle-aged man shouted with a cold face.

"The war god Empire can not be invaded. If you don't retreat, then prepare to accept the battle!"

The old man roared!

"Kill!"

Behind him, tens of thousands of soldiers roared with killing intent.

"Fight!"

On the other side, the middle-aged man was not afraid at all. His face was filled with a sinister expression as he roared with a ferocious face.

"Fight!"

Tens of thousands of soldiers also roared!

"Kill!"

The war had completely erupted. The killing intent of tens of thousands of people caused the entire sky to change color.

"What an interesting ant!"

However, what they didn't know was that in the god of War Shop at the center of the continent, an old man looked in that direction and shook his head indifferently.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Suddenly, in the sky above the entire planet, at the instant the war broke out, an incomparably terrifying roar enveloped the entire planet.

Following that, an enormous pressure pressed down on the area below.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

At that moment, all the human creatures flying in the sky on the entire planet fell from the sky.

Everyone looked up, their faces filled with shock.

In the center of the battlefield, tens of thousands of warriors looked up, their faces filled with terror.

In the god of war shop, when the indifferent old man heard the roar, his face changed drastically.

"SH * t!"

His body moved, and he immediately flew into the sky!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At that moment, the Roar continued to ring out, and everyone on the planet trembled again!

"That's... That's..."

At that moment, an old man pointed to the sky in shock and stared blankly at the divine carriage pulled by the nine gigantic creatures.

Their eyes widened, and they were filled with disbelief!

Buzz

The nine green dragons dashed forward and quickly arrived in the sky above the ocean.

The visitors were naturally Wang Xian and the rest!

Looking at the ocean below, Wang Xian stood up slowly and scanned the entire world!

"I, the Dragon King, have descended here and will establish the Undersea Dragon Palace to control the ocean. Does anyone dare to oppose me?"

He opened his mouth slowly and his majestic voice spread to the ears of everyone in the world.

On the battlefield, tens of thousands of people were stunned when they heard this, and their faces were filled with shock.

"Who... who are they? What kind of existence are they?"

An old man's expression changed drastically as he spoke.

"Who stepped onto my planet, Akley?"

At this moment, the voice of the war god Akley sounded!

"The war god is here!"

"They are invaders, the war god is here!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

On the battlefield, all the warriors were excited when they heard this voice.

The God of war, who had not shown his face for over a thousand years, had appeared!

"The god of War?"

Wang Xian heard this voice and looked over. His pair of mysterious eyes scanned the entire planet!

"In war, the lives of the people are in dire straits. The God of war is not worthy!"

After scanning the situation of the entire planet, Wang Xian slowly extended his hand!

Buzz

A Dragon Claw was formed instantly and attacked a location of tens of millions of kilometers.

"What is that?"

At this moment, the god of war, akley, who was flying in the sky, looked in the direction of Wang Xian and the rest.

When he saw the nine terrifying creatures with a strong suppressive force, he was shocked.

However, when he saw that the nine terrifying creatures were pulling a divine throne behind them, he widened his eyes.

When he saw Wang Xian making a move, a terrifying expression appeared on his face.

"Oh no, the opponent's strength is definitely not something I can fight against!"

"F * ck, I was only thinking of spending my old age on this planet. How could such a terrifying existence take a liking to this broken planet!"

The God of war, Aklie's expression changed drastically as he hurriedly fled into the distance!

Buzz

However, at the next moment, that terrifying dragon claw directly grabbed his body.

His entire body erupted with terrifying flames, but it was still of no use.

The war god Akley's expression changed drastically.

"Lord, spare me! Spare me!"

He hurriedly shouted out in terror.

"Weng!"

Under the shocked gazes of many people on the continent, the Dragon Claw grabbed their invincible war god and flew towards the direction of the ocean.

"This is!"

At the edge of the sea, the tens of millions of people on the battlefield looked at the god of war who was easily grabbed by a wave of his arm. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

"No, no, sir, please spare my life. Please spare my life!"

At this moment, the god of war, Akley, was begging Wang Xian for mercy with a face full of fear.

"Your life is not worthy of being spared!"

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian said calmly. Soul catcher was used directly on this god of War!

He wanted to kill a god with two wisps of divine fire. He could just crush him to death!

Buzz

After Soul Catcher was used, the wailing sounds of heaven and earth rang out. A cloud of fire covered the sky.

"He's dead. The God of War is actually dead!"

Everyone was stunned. They looked at this scene in disbelief.

"System, build a Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian had absorbed his memories. He didn't check immediately and spoke to the system.

"Host, please prepare sufficient resources to build a dragon palace. The main Dragon Palace has reached level six and can build a level five dragon palace. The materials are complete. Are you ready to build it?"

"Build it!"

Wang Xian replied immediately!

Rumble

Soon, a level five dragon palace that was more than 200 kilometers long appeared at the bottom.

The moment the Dragon Palace appeared, all the creatures in the entire ocean were bowing in this direction!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for occupying the planet's ocean!"

"Ding! Host has occupied more than two of the planet's oceans. You are rewarded with the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, the system's voice sounded, and Wang Xian was delighted!

"Let's go in and take a look!"

Wang Xian moved his body and entered the Dragon Palace below.

A level five dragon palace was almost comparable to the Kingdom of God. On this planet, it was considered the best!

"All the aquatic creatures on this planet can head to the Dragon Palace. If you pass the Dragon Gate, you can become a disciple of the Dragon Palace, just like my Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace and took a look. Then, he let out a voice that spread across the entire planet and entered everyone's ears.