Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2052: 2052’s expedition to the boundless star field

"This... The War God is dead and was killed in an instant. That group of people is so terrifying!"

"A peerless expert from outer space, the Dragon King, established a Dragon Palace? All the water tribe members can break through the Dragon Gate?"

"Hiss, an expert from outer space actually established a force. If only I could join!"

On Akley planet, everyone's faces were filled with shock as they listened to this voice.

This was especially so for the demonic beasts in the Sea of this planet.

An existence that could easily kill the god of war was recruiting aquatic creatures. This was simply a huge opportunity for them.

If they could join the Dragon Palace, what was there to be afraid of on this planet?

"Teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian ignored the shock from the outside world. He came to the front of the East Gate of the Dragon Palace and looked at the gigantic teleportation formation!

In the center of the formation, the shadows of nine divine dragons were hidden on the ground, swaying their bodies slowly.

When Wang Xian entered, an option immediately appeared in front of his eyes!

Teleportation: Earth Dragon Palace

Teleportation: Transcendent Continent Dragon Palace

"Oh?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he immediately chose Earth Dragon Palace.

Buzz

In an instant, he felt as though he had entered a black hole. After a full minute, his figure appeared in front of the East Gate of Earth Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King!"

When he appeared, he saw Prime Minister Gui standing by the side and calling out to him respectfully!

"Dragon King, this is? The teleportation formation between our Dragon Palace?"

Prime Minister Gui asked in astonishment.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw that he had returned to the Dragon Palace on Earth.

With the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace, it would be much easier to handle some matters in the future. Furthermore, if there was a problem in the Dragon Palace, they would be able to react instantly!

"Prime Minister Gui, the ocean of a planet has been controlled. Send some people over to take care of it and recruit some members!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King. I will bring some people over to prepare now!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head immediately!

"I'll go over First!"

Wang Xian stepped into the teleportation formation and returned to the Akley Dragon Palace.

At the same time, he had a thought. In the Dragon Palace, a clone flew into the teleportation formation and went straight to Akley's Dragon Palace.

Now, Wang Xian had seven clones, and each of them was equivalent to one of himself.

He could totally let his clone stay here.

"Let's take a look at the memories of the god of War!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon chair and immediately checked all the memories of the god of war.

The God of war, akley, had lived for tens of thousands of years. He should know a lot about the boundless galaxy.

"HMM? The Free Planet?"

In the god of war's memories, Wang Xian found some useful information.

The most important one was the free planet.

The free planet was also known as the merchant planet.

This planet was very special. It focused on trade and prohibited any fighting and killing.

On the free planet, spirit stones could be used to teleport to many life planets and some powerful domains in the boundless star field.

Earth could also set up a formation leading to the free planet. With the free planet as a transit point, one could travel to at least a hundred life planets and powerful domains.

"It seems like I have to set up a space teleportation formation leading to the free planet on Earth!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. Once it was built, the Dragon Palace would be able to proceed with its development.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, in the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui and the other members appeared slowly.

"Prime Minister Gui, I'll leave this to you guys. I'll go and occupy the other planets!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he immediately flew to the Divine Chariot. The Nine Green Dragons roared and flew into the void.

Next, they occupied the ocean of the other five planets.

A month later, Wang Xian stood in the Undersea Dragon Palace called Mingyang Planet with a smile on his face.

In front of him, there were two middle-aged men kneeling. One was fat and the other was thin. They were very tall and very short.

These two people were the gods on Mingyang planet. They were also the only planet with two gods.

This was the best planet among the six planets. Although it did not have many resources, the scenery was very beautiful.

Furthermore, under the restriction of these two gods, the entire planet was thriving. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"In the future, as long as the Dragon King says the word, we will definitely go all out!"

Wang Xian did not kill these two gods. At this moment, some of them were kneeling in front of them in fear as they pledged their loyalty.

They never expected that such a terrifying existence would descend on their planet.

One had to know that their planet was considered one of the last existences in the entire boundless galaxy. They had no resources, no treasures, and no treasures.

Only the two of them who were indifferent would be reluctant to part with their hometown and live here.

"Get up. I'll leave you two with something!"

When Prime Minister Gui and the rest walked out of the formation, Wang Xian said to them.

"Please give us your instructions, Dragon King!"

After witnessing the strength of Wang Xian and the rest, the two gods who had a wisp of divine fire did not dare to resist at all.

"Go to the free planet and set up a planet teleportation formation!"

Wang Xian instructed them.

"Dragon King, the cost of a planet teleportation formation is very huge. We..."

"I have enough spirit stones here. Just do as I say!"

Wang Xian interrupted them and said directly.

"Yes, yes!"

The two of them nodded immediately!

"Follow Me First!"

Wang Xian brought them to the Dragon Palace on Earth. Then, he asked them to lead two members of the Dragon Palace to set up the formation.

"After the formation is set up, we will have to consider the future development!"

Wang Xian returned to the Dragon King's Palace and sat on the Dragon Throne, deep in thought.

Currently, the Dragon Palace occupied the ocean of six planets. However, those six planets were basically abandoned by the gods in the boundless starfield.

They could not be compared to those planets with huge resources!

As long as it was two wisps of divine fire or above, the gods would not be interested in these few planets.

Without resources, it meant that it was difficult for the members of the Dragon Palace to improve quickly.

The only way was to enter a more powerful planet or domain through the free planets.

Only then would the Dragon Palace be able to develop rapidly. Otherwise, even if it was a hundred years, the members of the Dragon Palace would only be able to improve by one level.

"However, although those six planets don't have much resources, the system rewards for ruling the ocean of a planet are very generous!"

Wang Xian looked at the system reward and revealed a smile.

The arrow dragon species was a dragon species with terrifying long-range attacks. It was a dragon species at the peak of the Dragon Palace.

The Gale Dragon species was a small-scale dragon species. It was an intermediate-level dragon species of the Dragon Palace.

The Mother Nest was a world. The entire mother nest was like a small universe. The space within it was enough to contain ten earths.

Treasure-seeking ants were godly beasts that could find treasures.

The Dragon Blood Sword was an invincible godly sword. The power of the godly sword depended on the user's power.