Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2053: 2053: conquering the boundless star area

The Arrow Dragon was known as the dragon with the strongest long-range attack in the Divine Dragon Palace.

The Arrow Dragon had the wind and metal attributes, which was a huge improvement for the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division.

The Gale Dragon wasn't very useful to the Dragon Palace. It was basically useless.

The mother nest and the treasure-seeking ant were treasures of the insect clan. The mother nest could store a large number of items, and the treasure-seeking ant was an extremely important and rare existence among the insect clan.

Every large-scale Zerg race would have a treasure-seeking ant.

The treasure-seeking ant could lead the race to find resources and treasures. The powerful treasure-seeking ant could even detect the existence of treasures within a few hundred light years.

The treasure-seeking ant could be said to be a rare and special divine beast.

Wang Xian sized up the treasure-seeking ant in his hand. It was only the size of a palm and had six antennae. The six antennae were pointed up, down, left, right, front, and back.

The treasure-seeking ant did not have the slightest offensive power, but it possessed an extremely terrifying speed.

"The treasure-seeking ant can accurately detect the level of the treasure. Now that this treasure-seeking ant can explore an area of 100,000 kilometers, it's a rare divine beast!"

Wang Xian muttered to himself. He took out the mother nest that was the size of a palm and kept it in the mother nest.

Clang

He took out the blood-red longsword in front of him. The hilt of the sword was in the form of a dragon head. The scabbard was made of dragon scales. As he took out the Dragon Blood Sword, the nine Divine Dragon Phantoms on the hilt of the sword wound around the sword slowly.

The entire dragon blood sword was made of dragon scales as the scabbard, Dragon Bones as the body of the sword, and Dragon Blood as the soul.

Furthermore, it was made of the Divine Dragon's nine transformations divine dragon scales, Dragon Bones, and dragon blood.

Only those with pure divine dragon bloodline could use it. The stronger the bloodline, the stronger the ability to unleash it!

"This is my first divine dragon weapon. However, this dragon blood sword is much more powerful than my current five elements grinding technique!"

Wang Xian fondled it with fondness. Although he was not good at using a sword, such a cool sword was still something he loved!

The oceans of the six planets were easily occupied. Six clones were stationed there.

Wang Xian had nothing to do for the time being. Now, all he had to do was wait quietly for the news.

Three months passed quickly while he accompanied a group of girls every day.

Unknowingly, it had been a year since Earth came to the boundless galaxy.

"Dragon King, Ming Huo and the two members of the Dragon Palace have returned!"

On this day, Prime Minister Gui came to the Dragon Palace and reported to Wang Xian.

"Are they back?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A look of surprise and joy appeared on his face. He immediately went to the Dragon King's Hall.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Ming huoyang fire was the two fire gods on Ming Yang Planet. Three months ago, he went to the free planet with two disciples of the Dragon Palace to set up a formation! "..."

"Have you brought the formation compass?"

Wang Xian looked at them and asked immediately.

"Dragon King, we have not let you down. We have brought the formation compass with us. The formation has been set up on the free planet. As long as we set up the compass, we will be able to teleport immediately!"

Ming Huo immediately took out a 100-meter-long compass and said to Wang Xian.

"Alright, let's go out!"

Wang Xian's body moved and he immediately flew out.

He had already chosen the place where the formation was set up. Wang Xian asked Prime Minister Gui to inform Xiao ran and the rest.

The formation compass was set up at the seaside. When the time came, there would be members of the Dragon Palace guarding the place.

Everyone could enter the free planet through the formation as long as they had sufficient spirit stones.

Such a long-distance planet teleportation cost a terrifying amount of spirit stones.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Soon, a group of girls, Xiao Ran Ji Lingfei, Chen Feiyang, and a group of members of the Dragon Palace rushed over.

"The array formation leading to the nearest free planet is connected?"

Chen Feiyang looked over with excitement in his eyes.

"It's connected. Through the array formation, you can enter the free planet. Each free planet has hundreds of arrays leading to other planets. As long as you enter the free planet, you can basically enter most places in the boundless star field!"

Ming Huo, Yang Huo, and the rest looked at the many gods in the Dragon Palace and felt the majestic power. They were filled with fear and immediately replied.

Buzz

The formation was set up in front and emitted a mysterious power.

"Dragon King, should we start implementing the plan?"

Prime Minister Gui looked at Wang Xian and asked slowly.

"Let's start. We've been waiting for a year!"

Wang Xian said slowly as he looked at Ao he and the rest.

"Then, Dragon King, I will go to the boundless sea. When the time comes, I will definitely conquer the boundless sea!"

Ao he smiled confidently as a strong sense of confidence emanated from his body.

Currently, Ao he had fifty to sixty divine level devouring dragons in his body. He alone could match a top-notch strength.

"Dragon King, there won't be any problems with our strange demon Combat Division!"

The black and white light on Ao Yao's body flickered. He was also full of confidence.

"Dragon King, our dragon guards are only suitable for training alone. There might be death, but if we can survive it, we will definitely be invincible!"

Ao Jian said coldly with an expressionless face. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His entire person was like a sword. He was incomparably cold. If he could master the heartless sword principle, ao Jian was confident that he could fight or even kill wild dragons and Starwood Dragons of the same level!

"Alright, I believe in all of You!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and revealed a faint smile.

A year ago, the Dragon Palace had already made preparations. The first task was to increase their own strength.

With the resources that the Dragon Palace currently controlled, the only way to increase their strength quickly was through experience!

Ao he led his subordinates into the largest ocean in the boundless galaxy, the boundless sea.

Ao Yao and the rest were rebuilding the dragon assassin organization!

As for the Dragon Guards, they were training their ruthless ways alone!

The three great combat divisions of the Dragon Palace were all mobilized. There was a high possibility of heavy casualties if they were to go out this time.

However, if they wanted to be strong, they had to pay a price.

Furthermore, with the ancestral tree's soul-returning wood, the casualties could be reduced to the minimum.

"Dragon King, wait for Our Good News!"

Ao he and the rest walked straight to the middle-aged man in the formation and spoke to Wang Xian.

He nodded his head faintly. His eyes were sparkling as he watched the few thousand subordinates of the Dragon Palace step into the formation.

Buzz

The formation flickered and the group of members immediately disappeared.

"Dragon King, about that... I'm going back to my family!"

"If you have any orders in the future, just let me know. I'll definitely bring my family's disciples over!"

At this moment, Chen Feiyang, who was at the side, said to Wang Xian.

He had already recovered to the godly state. Now that the formation was activated, he naturally wanted to go home and show off!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded at him.

"Mengxin!"

Chen Feiyang looked at Liu Mengxin, who was at the side.

Liu Mengxin looked hesitant as she looked at her brother.

Xiao ran smiled at him and nodded. "After a while, I will look for you guys!"

"Yes, brother. We'll be back soon!"

Liu Mengxin said with a slightly red face.

"Don't worry, brother-in-law. I'll become the Eternal God Lord soon. At that time, I'll take care of you guys!"

Chen Feiyang said shamelessly and brought Liu Mengxin into the formation.

One by one, the figures left and entered the endless star area to fight!