Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2054: 2054

"Xiao Xian, are you going out as well?"

As they watched the two combat divisions of the Dragon Palace and Ao he leave, the group of girls looked at Wang Xian.

"We have to go out for a walk after all. Our Place is still too small!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the group of girls.

Even though they controlled six planets, it was still too small for the Dragon Palace!

The resources were too scarce. If they wanted to improve quickly, they had to step onto the stage at the center of the boundless galaxy!

"Besides, those two girls have been urging me for a long time. I haven't gone to look for them. If I don't go now, the two girls will probably rush over!"

Wang Xian continued with a smile on his face.

"Are you going to the eternal divine leaves first?"

The group of girls asked him.

"I'm going to the eternal divine leaves first to understand the information of the boundless star field. The information of a god is very beneficial to the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"Alright then. You can leave in peace. We will guard the House!"

The group of girls nodded and said.

"Alright, there's no rush. I'll accompany you for a few more days!"

Wang Xian smiled and said, "There are still some things that need to be dealt with!"

The departure of the Dragon Guards and the Strange Demon War Department was just the beginning. The Fire Hammer clan was also going to enter the free planet to build a forging shop that belonged to the Dragon Palace.

In the later stages, the Demon War Department might also look for some resources on the nearby planets!

In the next few days, Wang Xian accompanied the group of girls and discussed some matters with Prime Minister Gui.

Five days later, Wang Xian brought Ming Huo and Yang Huo to the front of the formation and stepped into it.

Buzz

The scene changed and the bustling sounds reached Wang Xian's ears.

After he regained his sight, Wang Xian immediately looked at his surroundings.

At least tens of millions of people were gathered in the surroundings. This place was like a huge altar.

One by one, the runes of the formation stood at the bottom. Many people appeared in the formation.

In the middle of the formation, there was a stone tablet that was ten thousand meters tall. There were a few words carved on the four sides of the stone tablet!

War was prohibited on the free planet. Those who violated the rules would be killed!

The words were filled with a cold aura.

Looking at the entire formation, 90% of the people had the strength of a demigod or above.

Even Wang Xian could see 20 to 30 gods who had ignited the divine fire.

Among them, there were not only humans. There were also some creatures that had transformed into demonic beasts and possessed the characteristics of demonic beasts.

There were also quite a number of giants that were more than ten meters tall around them.

There were all kinds of them. Everyone seemed to be used to them and were not too surprised.

"Dragon King, this is the array formation of the free planet. By placing supreme-grade spirit stones, one can enter any planet that is connected to any array formation!"

"Now that the array formation is activated, others can also be teleported to Earth. However, under normal circumstances, no one will be teleported to an unfamiliar planet. They are afraid of encountering danger!"

Ming Huoyang Huo and the rest explained to Wang Xian from the side.

"In addition, the free planet is a trading planet. Any fights are prohibited. Once it is discovered, there will be experts suppressing it. Every free planet is jointly maintained by the boundless Starfield Trading Company and a god. Even the gods of the nine wisps of divine fire would not dare to cause trouble here!"

"A few thousand kilometers ahead is the trading market. In this market, even extremely precious divine artifacts can be bought. The gods of the hundreds of planets are basically trading here!"

The two of them continued to add.

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

"Let's go and take a look!"

As he spoke, he flew towards the trading market.

The entire free planet was four to five times the size of Earth. Although it was not considered to be very big among the other planets, it was still very huge for a trading market.

Wang Xian, who was holding the dragon blood sword in his hand, was dressed in a brocade robe. He looked extraordinary. Even among the powerhouses from the other planets, he was one of a kind.

It was not the first time Ming Huo and Yang Huo came to this planet. They led Wang Xian as they walked ahead.

"Dragon King, this is the center of the market. There are more than a dozen top-tier trading firms nearby. These trading firms are very powerful. They are trading across at least a dozen planets and have all kinds of unique treasures!"

"Over there is eternal thunderbolt trading firm. Eternal Thunderbolt trading firm is the largest trading firm in the northern region. After all, Eternal Thunderbolt controls more than 70 life planets!"

The two of them introduced to Wang Xian as they walked.

"How many gods are there in eternal thunderclap?"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and looked at the buildings that were 10,000 meters tall. He was slightly surprised.

"How many exactly?"

The two of them were slightly stunned and shook their heads. "We are not sure either. However, there should be more than a thousand of them!"

The two of them guessed.

"So Many?"

Wang Xian was a little surprised. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Dragon King, they are in control of 70 to 80 life planets in the northern region. These life planets are all rich in resources. It is easy for a planet to produce dozens of gods!"

"In addition, there are some powerful space domains. We have guessed that there are less than a thousand gods. It is even possible to produce two to three thousand of them!"

The two whispered.

The entire boundless star field was incomparably huge. Eternal Shocking Thunder, which occupied nearly one-sixth to one-seventh of the resources, was naturally extremely terrifying.

"No one dares to challenge the god Lord's Majesty!"

In the end, the two added in a soft voice.

"Courting death. You actually dare to steal our Eternal Shocking Thunder Trading Company's treasures. You're courting death!"

However, just as the two finished speaking, a vast voice resounded throughout the entire planet.

Ming Huo and Yang Huo were slightly stunned as they looked at the sky in astonishment.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, terrifying figures flew out one after another.

"Haha, I Don't care if you are eternal thunderclap or whatever. There's nothing I Like That I can't steal!"

An extremely arrogant voice rang out, causing everyone on the free planet to be slightly stunned. Their faces revealed a look of shock.

"This is?"

Wang Xian was also stunned at this moment. It wasn't that he was surprised that someone dared to steal from the eternal thunderclap trading company. Instead, he sensed an extremely familiar aura.

"The son of Heaven!"

His heart stirred as his eyes flickered. Another angle of view appeared in front of him.

A short figure was staring at the void as he flew at a terrifying speed.

In the sky above, meteors fell from the Sky One after another!

His figure sank into the meteors one by one and quickly shuttled through them.

"Go to hell!"

A furious roar sounded from behind him. Numerous attacks that were comparable to peak deity realm attacks attacked him.

However, under the cover of those meteors, he did not suffer the slightest injury!

"This... someone actually dared to steal something on the free planet. Furthermore, it was the treasure of the Eternal Thunderclap Trading Company!"

"Who is so audacious? Hiss, stealing here hasn't happened in hundreds of thousands of years!"

Sounds of disbelief rang out from the surroundings.

Wang Xian regained his senses and pursed his lips. His eyes were sparkling.

"The son of the true dragon, the son of the Earth!"