Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2055: 2055 cosmic energy tide

Wang Xian didn't expect that the earthsun warrior would actually come to the boundless galaxy. Furthermore, he was audacious enough to steal the treasures of Eternal Shocking Thunder Trading Company.

Just like the exclamations of the people around him, he was audacious enough!

In the northern region, no one dared to offend Eternal Shocking Thunder, let alone steal the treasures of Eternal Shocking Thunder!

"Back when I ignited the divine fire on the transcendence continent, the Earthsun Warrior and the demonic dragon son of Heaven entered the vast void. I didn't expect to meet the earthsun warrior here!"

"He has already ignited seven wisps of divine fire. Furthermore, he is able to escape under the peak of the godly state. This fellow is quite strong!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. At this moment, with a thought, he could wipe out the earthsun warrior's soul and take over this body!

However, he did not do so.

He watched quietly as the local sun warrior disappeared into the void. Behind him, a group of experts at the peak of the godly state chased after him.

With a thought, an ant appeared in his palm. It was the treasure-seeking ant!

Buzz

The moment the treasure-seeking ant appeared, his six tentacles emitted a white glow!

"Squeak squeak, Squeak Squeak!"

A faint sound came out from his mouth. Wang Xian immediately sensed information one after another!

"Eh? Not only did that country bumpkin steal one item, he also stole dozens of them. Furthermore, all of them were at the divine level. The highest level was eight wisps of divine fire. This fellow!"

The treasure-seeking ant clearly transmitted information of all the treasures within tens of thousands of kilometers to his mind. This made him extremely surprised.

What surprised him even more was that this country bumpkin had stolen so many treasures and was so precious.

No wonder the gods of eternal thunderclap were so furious.

"He escaped. Looks like eternal thunderclap is just so-so!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly.

Ming Huo Yang Huo, who was at the side, opened his mouth slightly. His face was filled with disbelief.

Someone had stolen the treasure from the Eternal Thunderclap Trading Company!

This...

"You dare to say that our eternal thunderclap is only SO-SO?"

At this moment, an extremely cold voice was heard.

Wang Xian and Ming Huoyang Huo were slightly stunned. They looked to the side! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"You dare to insult our eternal thunderclap? I think you are courting death!"

On the right, five young men stared at Wang Xian and the rest. Their eyes revealed a cold expression.

"No, no, no. How would we dare to insult Eternal Lightning? It's too late for us to suck up to them!"

Ming huoyang Huo was slightly shocked when he saw the clothes on their bodies. He quickly said.

At the same time, traces of the god's pressure overflowed from their bodies!

"HMPH, don't think that you can insult eternal lightning just because you have ignited the God's fire. Do you believe that you won't be able to walk out of here today?"

The young man in the middle felt their divine might and shouted with a gloomy face without any fear.

"How can that be? How dare our little God insult the eternal thunderclap? Fighting is prohibited on the free planet. Hehe, Young Masters, we'll be leaving First!"

Ming Huo frowned slightly. He quickly pulled Wang Xian by the shoulder and walked towards the location of the teleportation formation.

"You don't know what's good for you!"

The five young men saw them leaving and raised their eyebrows slightly. They didn't bother about it anymore and snorted coldly.

"HMPH, that D * mn Guy dared to steal our Eternal Thunderbolt's treasure. I wonder if he was killed by Lord Lei Wen!"

"With the majesty of our Eternal Thunderbolt, Lord Lei Wen will definitely be able to capture him!"

The few young men were conversing!

"Dragon King, you must not criticize them in the territory of Eternal Thunderclap!"

When Ming Huo and Yang Huo saw that the five young men behind them did not chase after them, they heaved a sigh of relief and reminded Wang Xian.

"So Powerful?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows faintly!

"We, as a small force, naturally can not be enemies with eternal thunderclap, especially in their territory. Even if they are just a few demigod-level disciples, we should not offend them!"

Ming Huo said solemnly.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian chuckled and didn't say anything.

A powerful force indeed possessed such prestige.

"Dragon King, where are you planning to go next?"

The three of them returned to the formation and Ming Huo asked him.

"To the eternal divine leaf. Do you know the Teleportation Route?"

Wang Xian looked at them.

"Eternal leaf, eternal leaf of the East?"

The two of them were slightly stunned and looked at Wang Xian in astonishment.

"Yes, why?"

Wang Xian looked at them in puzzlement.

"Dragon King, among the five major forces, the eternal leaf and eternal thunderclap have always had a bad relationship. They are basically enemies and have not reached the teleportation formation in the eastern region directly!"

"If we want to go there, we have to go through several planets for the Transit!"

The two of them explained to Wang Xian.

"Is it an enemy force?"

Wang Xian was slightly surprised. "So be it. Let's Go!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded and immediately determined the route through the teleportation formation.

Buzz

The formation trembled. Soon, everything in front of them changed.

This area of the formation was obviously hundreds of times smaller than the free planet. The area covered by the formation was only ten kilometers.

"Dragon King, over here!"

They came to the side and continued to use the array formation to make the transmissions.

After four consecutive transmissions to the four planets, the consumption of spirit stones was extremely huge.

Even Wang Xian frowned slightly.

"When the time comes, I'll let the two rich ladies help me out!"

He thought to himself and revealed a smile on his face.

"The transmission array leading to the thunderous sound continent has been shut down!"

However, just as they were about to make their final teleportation, a voice suddenly came from the side.

"What's going on? Why has the teleportation array suddenly been shut down?"

Ming Huo and Yang Huo were slightly stunned, and they immediately asked the management staff next to the array.

"My Lords, the energy tide at the boundary between the eastern and northern regions has once again erupted. Right now, Eternal Thunderclap and eternal divine leaf are currently at war there. The array was shut down by eternal thunderclap experts, and we can't open it now!"

"I heard that this energy tide is the largest in the past hundred thousand years. There are over a thousand gods gathered there. It is best that the two lords do not get involved in this mess!"

The thunderclap continent's manager sensed the might of the blazing sun flame and respectfully reminded them.

"Energy Tide, is there a large-scale battle?"

The two of them frowned slightly. Their faces were filled with solemnity.

"What is the energy tide?"

Wang Xian asked in surprise.

"Dragon King, the Universal Energy Tide is also a great fortune for the gods."

"Since ancient times, the universe created all living things. All living things are created by energy. The energy tide is the purest form of energy. If one can undergo a baptism in the energy tide, it can improve one's physique and increase one's strength!"

"Besides, in the universe tide, there are universe true treasures and godly weapons. The friction and battle between Eternal Thunder and eternal godly leaf started there