Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2056: 2056, listen to my orders

The so-called Cosmic Energy Tide was a special earth created for a special reason.

There were black holes in the universe. The sizes of black holes varied. Some were the size of a palm, while others were hundreds of kilometers or thousands of kilometers in size.

Some black holes moved all the time, while others remained stationary.

The energy tide came from the black hole. A large amount of spiritual energy formed a tide because of the black hole!

This energy tide carried various items and formed a tidal zone in the void.

Because the tide was formed by the gathering of various kinds of spiritual energy, if someone entered the tide or cultivated at the edge of the tide, it would be dozens or even hundreds of times more than the outside world.

The Cosmic Energy Tide was not common, but there was one in the endless star field. It was also because of this energy tide that the dividing line between the eastern region and the northern region appeared.

The boundary of this energy tide was about ten million kilometers long.

When the tide hadn't fully erupted, cultivating in this place was about ten times more than cultivating in the outside world. If one could enter the center, it would be about twenty times more than cultivating in the outside world.

And when the tide erupted, if one cultivated in the center, it would be more than a hundred times more than cultivating in the center.

In addition, in the energy tide, there would sometimes be weapons that were naturally formed by the impact of the energy washing. There were even divine weapons!

Of course, there were all kinds of dangers accompanying the explosion in the tide.

There were all kinds of meteorites, metal materials, and even some energy demon beasts mixed in the tide. If one accidentally bumped into these things, even a godly state expert might die.

However, this could not stop countless people from going there to cultivate. Even the eternal divine leaf and eternal shocking thunder, the two major forces, had a fight over this, wanting to occupy this place.

"Dragon King, this formation has been shut down. Let's go back!"

Ming Huo and Yang Huo said to Wang Xian timidly.

As two of the more timid gods of divine fire, they wanted to retreat after hearing the words of the manager of the teleportation formation on the Thunderclap continent!

Although their Dragon King's strength and faction were very strong, there were at most a hundred godly state experts. There were more than a thousand gods at the energy tide!

Moreover, that was the battlefield of eternal thunderclap and eternal divine leaves. Although they were not cannon fodder, there was a high chance that they would die!

"If we fly from this planet, how long will it take to enter the eternal divine leaves?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked the manager of the formation.

"HMM? Young master, if you want to fly over, I'm afraid it will take a month at the speed of a wisp of divine fire god!"

The array manager replied with slight astonishment.

"Do you have a detailed map of the starry sky in this area?"

Wang Xian asked him.

"Yes, we do!"

The array manager nodded.

"Dragon King, we don't want it..."

"The energy tide of the universe. Such a precious place, of course we have to go and take a look. Moreover, I still have to go to the eternal divine leaf!"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them who were timid and said faintly.

"This... that... Alright then!"

The two of them did not dare to resist and could only nod their heads in resignation.

"Let's go and take a look at the Cosmic Energy Tide!"

Wang Xian took the starry sky chart and flew towards the void with great interest.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded and followed behind. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

After entering the void, Wang Xian took a look at the direction of the Starry Sky Chart and teleported away with the fiery Yang Flame.

Although Wang Xian's main purpose for coming out this time was to visit the two girls, he still needed to have a more detailed understanding of the entire boundless star field.

Naturally, he had to take a look at this famous energy tidal land in the universe.

If it was a treasure land, it could definitely allow a combat division of the Dragon Palace to come over and increase their strength in the future.

Wang Xian's speed was comparable to a god with eight wisps of divine fire. However, his endurance was definitely comparable to a god Lord.

The continuous movements did not consume much of his energy.

"We're almost there!"

In just two days, Wang Xian muttered as he looked at the markings on the starry sky map.

"Have the two of you been here before?"

Wang Xian asked Ming Huo and Yang Huo.

"Dragon King, we have never been here before. This is a dangerous place. If we didn't have the eternal thunderclap or the eternal divine leaf, it would be very dangerous here!"

The two of them shook their heads. They had read a lot of books so they knew a little about this place.

However, this was his first time coming here!

"Crash!"

At this moment, a series of special sounds could be heard faintly from the front.

Wang Xian's dragon eyes of Yin Yang and the five elements were glowing. He immediately looked towards the front.

"Hiss!"

When his gaze swept over, he revealed an extremely surprised expression. He couldn't help but take a deep breath.

An energy tide with a width of at least a few hundred kilometers appeared in their line of sight. As for its length, Wang Xian couldn't see the end of it at a glance.

The energy tide was located in the void. It was like a chaotic ocean with a thickness of a few hundred kilometers.

Amidst the endless energy, there were all kinds of meteorites and other items. They were like trash and carried a terrifying impact force.

"With my yin-yang Dragon Eyes, I can only see a few dozen kilometers inside. This energy tide is too terrifying!"

"Just the impact of this energy alone. If there is no god with the strength to enter the center, he would be instantly assimilated by the energy!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a look of shock.

"Huff! Huff! Huff!"

At this moment, the roar of flames could be heard from further ahead.

His gaze swept over, and he was even more astonished!

The energy tide wasn't just a spiritual energy tide. Sometimes, it would be a fire tide, a loess tide, a lightning tide, and all sorts of things!

"What a terrifying energy tide. This is more than ten times more terrifying than what was recorded in the books. It is indeed the strongest energy tide in the past hundred thousand years!"

Beside him, Ming Huo and Yang Huo looked over in astonishment.

"This is the lower reaches of the energy tide. Let's go to the upper reaches and take a look!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he looked at the energy tide. Following the huge energy tide, he flew towards the upper reaches.

The closer he got, the more astonished he was.

Such a miraculous scene could only be seen in the boundless galaxy.

"Dragon King, there's someone up ahead. It seems like they are fighting!"

After flying for four hours, Ming Huo suddenly shouted at Wang Xian.

"I see them!"

Wang Xian's eyes were shining as he stared ahead.

There, five to six thousand people were fighting. Each of them was not weaker than a demigod. There were even six to seven godly state experts among them.

"They should be the people from eternal divine leaf and eternal thunderclap. Dragon King, it's best that we don't get involved!"

The two immediately added!

He nodded lightly and was not prepared to get involved.

But sometimes, things often backfired!