Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2057: 2057, listen to this young master’s orders

"Restrain those damned eternal divine leaves!"

In front of the vast energy tide, four to five thousand people were engaged in a fierce battle. In the north of the energy tide, dozens of figures were floating in the sky.

They held a long whip in their hands, and the whip extended into the energy tide. They held it with both hands, as if they were fighting for something.

On the opposite side, there were also dozens of people fighting against it.

Above the energy tide was a battlefield of thousands of people. From time to time, someone would fall into the energy tide and let out a miserable cry. In an instant, they were assimilated by the terrifying energy tide and disappeared.

"Damn it, these guys actually hid their strength. Young Master Yun, we are not their match. Let Go of this treasure!"

In the sky above the energy tide, a God realm expert shouted at the young man holding a long whip behind him.

"Haha, a bunch of trash from eternal shocking thunder actually want to snatch our treasure. They're courting death!"

As soon as his voice fell, a young man on the opposite side shouted with a face full of ridicule.

"Bastard, this group of trash!"

The young man holding the long whip, dressed in purple clothing, and had the word "Shocking thunder"written on his chest revealed an embarrassed expression.

"This is a divine weapon, a precious divine weapon!"

He growled in a low voice with a face full of unwillingness.

"Young Master Yun, someone is flying over from our left!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man standing beside Young Master Yun said in a low voice. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Oh? Someone from our side?"

Young Master Yun looked over and saw three figures flying over.

"They should be flying over from our northern region. They might be here to get some benefits. The three of them dare to fly over. They should be at the god level!"

The middle-aged man analyzed the young man.

"The god Level?"

Young Master Yun's eyes sparkled as he looked to the left!

"The three of you, come over and assist this young master. Listen to my orders and I'll bring you upstream!"

"Thunderbolt Order!"

Young Master Yun shouted loudly. With a wave of his arm, a token on his waist flew up into the sky. The purple token enlarged and the word "Thunderbolt"could be seen clearly within a few thousand kilometers.

"The people on the other side are from the northern region. Let's end this as soon as possible!"

On the other side, a group of young men and women saw three figures flying over from the other side. When they heard Young Master Yun's voice, their expressions changed slightly as they shouted loudly.

"Eh?"

At this moment, the three people flying over were Wang Xian and the other two.

When they heard the voices coming from the front, they were slightly stunned.

"The thunderbolt token. That is a direct disciple of eternal thunderbolt. Only direct disciples have the Thunderbolt Token!"

When Ming Huo and Yang Huo saw the huge token in the void, they were slightly shocked.

"What's the use of the thunderbolt token?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked forward.

"Dragon King, one of the Thunderbolt tokens represents the status of a direct disciple of eternal thunderbolt. The other one holds the thunderbolt token and can mobilize the subordinate forces of Eternal Thunderbolt!"

"When the subordinate forces encounter the thunderbolt token, they have no choice but to obey!"

The two of them said immediately.

"Oh, it has nothing to do with us!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze over indifferently. There was not the slightest fluctuation on his face.

Ming Huo and Yang Huo's eyes flickered. They followed behind Wang Xian without saying a word.

"Go around!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he prepared to go around this area.

"Young Master Yun, that group of people ignored us!"

When eternal thunderclap and the rest saw Wang Xian and the rest flying to the side, their expressions changed slightly.

"Damn it, they actually dared to ignore us!"

Young Master Yun's expression changed slightly.

"PFFT!"

At this moment, above the energy tide, a godly state expert spat out a mouthful of blood and retreated hurriedly.

"Oh no, Young Master Yun, let's Give Up!"

Everyone looked over and said immediately.

"Trash!"

Young Master Yun gritted his teeth. There was an intense look of unwillingness on his face.

He waved his arm and withdrew the whip in his hand.

"Hahahaha, the direct descendant disciple of Eternal Shocking Thunder is just a trash!"

On the opposite side, everyone laughed out loud. A carefree expression appeared on their faces as they mocked.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Young Master Yun clenched his arm tightly. His expression was somewhat malevolent as he stared at the opposite side with eyes emitting flames.

"Young Master Yun!"

The battle above the energy tide had ended. Two to three thousand people flew behind Young Master Yun. Their expressions were a little awkward.

"Stop those three people. I want to see what faction they are from in the northern region. How dare they disobey my orders!"

Young Master Yun heard the mockery from the other party. He looked at Wang Xian and the rest with a stern expression.

"Young Master Yun, those three people should be gods. Their strength is probably..."

A God with two wisps of divine fire looked over and said with slight hesitation.

"If I ask you to go, then go. What? Are you afraid that they will make a move?"

Young Master Yun shouted coldly.

"The people from the northern region naturally do not dare to make a move. We will go immediately!"

When the three gods saw young master Yun's expression, they did not dare to disobey.

Young Master Yun was currently in a fit of anger. It was the three of them who were unlucky.

In the entire northern region, no one would dare to provoke eternal thunderclap!

Two to three thousand people immediately flew towards Wang Xian and the rest. Young Master Yun followed behind them with a cold expression.

"Eh? What is that trash Lei Yun trying to do?"

"Just now, he ordered the three people in the Void to come over and help. The other party didn't bother with him. He might be trying to cause trouble for the other Party!"

"Hehe, interesting. They are all from the northern region. It's not a bad idea to let them fight each other!"

On the opposite side, eternal divine leaf and the rest looked over with smiles on their faces.

"Not good, Dragon King. They are flying towards us!"

At this moment, Ming Huo and Yang Huo's expressions changed slightly when they saw young master Yun and the rest flying towards them.

Wang Xian naturally saw them as well. He gestured to them and stopped in the air.

"Which faction are you from in the Northern Region? Which Planet Are you from?"

A group of people flew over from the front. A God stared at Wang Xian and the rest and asked aggressively.

"What's the matter?"

Wang Xian glanced at them and asked faintly.

"Didn't you hear my order just now?"

Yun Shao walked slowly to the front and stared at Wang Xian with a sinister gaze. He raised his head slightly and questioned.

"We are not your subordinates. Why should we listen to your orders?"

Wang Xian felt amused and replied to him.

"Do you know that in the northern region, no one dares to disobey our eternal Thunderclap's orders?"

Yun Shao narrowed his eyes slightly. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

"So what if we disobey?"

Wang Xian saw the killing intent in his eyes and narrowed his eyes as well. His gaze swept across the two to three thousand people behind him.

As soon as he finished his sentence, the three gods behind Yun Shao took a step forward with an embarrassed expression. A terrifying aura charged straight at him!

"What do you think about the Northern Region?"

Young Master Yun stared at Wang Xian with a sinister gaze!

"Die? Alright, I'll Grant Your Wish!"