Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2058: 2058 killed him casually

"Die? Alright, I'll Grant Your Wish!"

A calm voice came out from Wang Xian's mouth. He stared at young master Yun with a calm gaze.

At the same time, he moved his thumb slightly!

Clang

The Dragon Blood Sword in his hand emitted a metallic sound. A terrifying aura emanated from the sword.

"He wants to make a move. Kill him!"

At this moment, when the three gods beside Young Master Yun saw Wang Xian's move, they were shocked.

Their expressions changed drastically. The young man in front of them actually dared to make a move against them and the direct disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder!

Was he challenging the prestige of Eternal Shocking Thunder? Did he not want to live anymore?

"Damn you guys, you are courting death!"

When Young Master Yun saw that Wang Xian dared to draw his sword, his expression changed slightly. However, he did not show any fear as he roared.

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon's roar sounded from the dragon blood sword. The dragon blood sword was completely drawn.

"Boom!"

He waved his arm and the Dragon Blood Sword attacked the group of people directly.

"Roar! Roar!"

Another Dragon's roar sounded. A seven-colored divine dragon attacked them directly.

"Defend!"

"The rest of you, attack and kill them!"

The two divine flames stared at the seven-colored Divine Dragon and immediately roared.

"Kill!"

Behind them, the faces of the 2,000 to 3,000 people revealed a cold killing intent as they roared loudly.

"Peng!"

However, when the seven-colored divine dragon landed on the bodies of the two divine flames, the body of the God completely descended.

The chaotic seven-colored divine dragon directly passed through his body and destroyed his body!

"Not good!"

The other two gods who had followed closely behind the old man sensed that the old man's life force had instantly disappeared, and their faces revealed expressions of fear.

It was already too late for them to dodge!

"Peng!"

The seven-colored divine dragon easily passed through their bodies, causing them to open their eyes wide, filled with a deathly gray color.

"Not good, Lord Fang and the others..."

The faces of the more than two thousand people behind them revealed a terrified expression. When they saw the three gods who had lost their vitality in an instant, their faces were filled with shock.

"Oh no!"

At this moment, Young Master Yun also realized that they had provoked vicious. His face revealed a terrified expression, and he hurriedly wanted to escape to the back.

"Roar! Roar!"

However, a roar was even faster as it attacked them.

"Ah Ah Ah Ah!"

In an instant, a miserable scream sounded!

"You Dare, YOU DARE! I am a direct disciple of eternal shocking thunder. If you dare to kill me, we, Eternal Shocking Thunder, will not let you off!"

A fierce shout came from Young Master Yun's mouth. At this moment, a purple bolt of lightning burst out from his chest.

The Thunderbolt completely protected him inside, and a black hole slowly appeared in the sky above him.

The Thunderbolt wanted to escape with him!

"What happened on the other side?"

On the other side, a group of eternal God ye Fang's disciples looked over, and their faces showed astonishment.

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

At this moment, three mournful sounds of heaven and earth rang out, making them slightly shocked.

"Those guys from eternal thunderclap have provoked a ruthless person. Haha, those three gods have been killed!"

A God's eyes lit up as he looked towards the opposite side. His face revealed a look of Schadenfreude!

"Eh? Those three people are not from eternal thunderclap. How dare they kill the disciples of Eternal Thunderclap Now?"

The people from eternal divine leaf were slightly shocked as they looked over excitedly.

"You want to escape?"

Wang Xian saw the power of lightning on Young Master Yun's body. A hint of surprise and coldness flashed in his eyes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He waved the dragon blood sword in his hand once again. A wave of destructive power landed directly on young master Yun's body.

Crack! Crack

The Lightning started to flicker and the black hole slowly dissipated!

When Young Master Yun saw this scene, a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

"No, no, how is this possible? How is this possible!"

The lightning protection power on his body could withstand the attacks from the eight wisps of divine flames and below. Now, the young man had actually broken it.

Death enveloped him, causing him to reveal a look of panic as he shouted loudly!

"Ka Ka Ka Ka!"

"Don't kill me, don't kill me!"

The Lightning started to crack, and Young Master Yun pleaded for mercy loudly with a face full of panic.

Wang Xian watched this scene with an expressionless face.

"A guy who hasn't even ignited the divine fire dares to provoke an unknown god so arrogantly. Does he really think that he can act recklessly just by relying on the name of Eternal Thunderclap?"

He said faintly.

Wang Xian had a hint of disdain towards this kind of disciple with a deep background!

A background was a background, and one's own strength was one's own strength.

One didn't know when one would meet someone who wasn't afraid of one's background and would kill one without any scruples.

Wang Xian naturally wouldn't be used to such an arrogant disciple. He didn't care about one's background.

"No!"

A despairing and fearful voice rang out. The sharp sword pierced through his body and pierced through it.

He widened his eyes. His pupils were filled with regret.

He was the direct disciple of Eternal Shocking Thunder. In the future, he would definitely ignite the divine fire and have a lifespan of 100,000 years.

He didn't want to die...

Buzz

Wang Xian swept his gaze over. With a wave of his arm, all the corpses were stored in the mother nest.

"Hiss!"

"D * mn, those three are ruthless. They actually killed the direct disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder. Awesome!"

On the opposite side, the people from eternal godly leaf heard the screams from the other side. All of them had shocked expressions on their faces.

Few people dared to kill Eternal Thunder's direct disciples.

Moreover, if they could kill Eternal Thunder's direct disciples, they would receive a huge reward.

However, these direct disciples were not so easy to kill. Every disciple had a life-saving method, so it was very difficult to kill them!

"They dared to kill Eternal Thunder's direct disciples, so they are definitely not from the north region. Could they be from eternal leaf?"

"It's very possible. The enemy of the enemy is a friend. Why don't we get to know them? The three of them aren't weak at all!"

The group discussed among themselves. In the end, their gazes landed on the two young men and women.

The strength of the two young men and women had already reached the peak of the demigod realm. They wore green clothes and had a leaf on their chests.

The two of them were the outstanding prodigies of Eternal Divine Leaf's generation.

Although they were only at the peak of the demigod realm, with the divine weapons in their hands and the treasures on them, their combat power was no weaker than that of a god with a wisp of divine fire.

"Let's get to know each other. Maybe they are friends of our Eastern Region!"

The woman hesitated for a moment, then looked at the young man beside her and said.

"Okay!"

The young man also nodded!

"My friend in front, I'm Li Muyan, the eternal leaf god. I would like to make friends with the three of you!"

Li Muyan took a few steps forward and her voice traveled across the void.

"The Eternal Leaf God?"

Wang Xian heard the voice coming from the other side. He hesitated for a moment before flying over immediately!