Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2059: 2059 heaven and Earth Treasure

"They are here!"

"No hostility, don't worry!"

Li Muyan and the rest smiled when they saw Wang Xian and the rest flying over.

After leaping over the dangerous tide, Wang Xian arrived at a spot about a hundred meters in front of Li Muyan and the rest!

"Hello, the three of you. May I know if you are the experts from our Eastern Region?"

Li Muyan and the rest looked Wang Xian and the rest up and down and asked curiously.

"No, we want to go to the eternal leaf. The teleportation formation has been shut down, so we could only fly over!"

"We happened to pass by and met those reckless fellows!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and said with a smile.

"Oh? Do you have any friends from the eternal leaf?"

An old man asked Wang Xian and the rest.

"Yes, I have friends there!"

Wang Xian did not hide anything and nodded his head. His gaze landed on the young man and woman with leaves on their green clothes.

"Are you the disciples of eternal leaf?"

He asked.

"You don't know our senior sister Li Muyan and senior brother Li Mulong? They are..."

"That's right. We are the disciples of the eternal divine leaves. We can be considered as core disciples!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a young man opened his mouth immediately. However, he was interrupted by Li Mulong as soon as he finished his sentence.

"We thought you guys were here to look for opportunities in the energy tide. Where are the three of you planning to go?"

Li Mulong continued to ask.

"To the center of the Eternal Divine Leaves!"

Wang Xian replied directly.

"To the center of the eternal divine leaves? Are the three of you friends at the Eternal Kingdom?"

"The three of you have helped us by killing the eternal thunderclap disciples. There is a formation that can teleport us upstream and allow us to enter the eternal kingdom quickly. Why don't the three of you follow us upstream?"

Li Muyan said to Wang Xian.

"Sure, thank you very much!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands and said with a smile.

"No need. The enemy of the enemy is a friend. Speaking of which, the three of you are really courageous. If eternal thunderclap finds out that you have killed the direct descendants of eternal thunderclap, they will definitely be attacked!"

Li Mulong reminded Wang Xian.

"Hehe, I don't care about eternal thunderclap. In this vast void, if they still want to find trouble with us even if they don't have the strength, we will naturally kill them directly!"

Wang Xian smiled and said nonchalantly.

In this vast void, who would know if they were killed.

As for the people from eternal divine leaf, they had nothing to do with it. Both parties were enemies to begin with, so it didn't affect him at all!

"This friend's attitude is really good. He doesn't look very old. To be able to become a god at such an age, he's really extraordinary!"

Li Mulong looked at him in a different light.

"We've got the treasure. Let's Go!"

"The three of you, just follow us!"

Li Muyan said to them and flew forward along the tide.

According to them, that was the upstream of the tide and the location where the tide was near the black hole.

Wang Xian didn't have any worries following them. As long as he entered the territory of the eternal divine leaves, he had nothing to be afraid of.

With two little girls around, who would dare to provoke him?

Perhaps even the god of divine leaves would call him brother when he saw him!

Right now, Wang Xian felt like he was relying on his daughter's influence.

However, this feeling was pretty good too!

The group flew forward and crossed half of the black hole in the northern region of the eastern region. The length of the black hole was extremely terrifying.

"We will reach the upstream area in front of us. There is a base of our eternal divine leaves there. The three of you can teleport there!"

Five hours later, an enormous continent appeared at the side of the energy tide.

That's right, it was a continent with many buildings on it.

In front of the continent, there were hundreds of millions of people, all at the demigod level.

They were in front of the energy tide. Some were cultivating around, while others were staring at the energy tide.

When they reached the upper reaches, the surrounding spiritual energy was about ten times that of the outside world. It was a good place for many people to cultivate!

Li Muyan pointed to the front and said to Wang Xian and the rest.

"Do all of these belong to the disciples of the Eternal Divine Leaf?"

Wang Xian looked at the hundreds of millions of people. Among them, there was no lack of godly state experts. He asked in slight astonishment.

"50% of them are the disciples of our eternal divine leaves. The rest are the forces that are attached to our eternal divine leaves or the forces of our Eastern Region!"

"Our eastern region is still relatively united. Everything is based on our eternal divine leaves. Of course, we treat them much better than eternal thunderclap treats the powerhouses of the Northern Region!"

Li Mulong introduced them to Wang Xian. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Are the three of you interested in joining our eternal divine leaves? Joining US will bring you great benefits!"

Li Muyan said with a smile.

"No!"

Wang Xian shook his head.

Li Muyan and the rest didn't force them. As the Heaven's favorites of the eternal divine leaves, they might not have bothered with them if it wasn't for the fact that Wang Xian and the rest were quite powerful!

"Hello, senior sister Li!"

"Senior brother Li, have you obtained the Divine Weapon?"

Voices of respect could be heard near the upper reaches of the continent.

Clearly, Li Muyan and Li Mulong had some status in the entire eternal divine leaf.

"Divine weapon?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered slightly when he heard their conversation.

"Look, there's a powerful divine glow flickering in the middle of the tide. It must be an ultimate treasure of the divine realm. It must be!"

"Hiss, the spiritual treasure has transformed. There are even ferocious beasts of the tidal wave guarding the surroundings. This... This is definitely an extremely powerful ultimate treasure of the Heaven and Earth!"

Just as they were about to enter the mainland, a series of exclamations were suddenly heard.

"Eh?"

Li Muyan and Li Mulong were slightly taken aback. They immediately looked towards the direction of the tidal wave.

Wang Xian also raised his eyebrows and turned his head to look.

"That is?"

When his gaze swept across the area, a look of astonishment appeared in his eyes.

At the center of the energy tide, a ball of white light was exceptionally eye-catching.

In the sky above the white light, an illusion of a thousand meters in size condensed. The illusion looked like a pair of wings.

The white light flowed along the energy tide. The speed of the flow was not very fast.

Moreover, there were tide beasts with huge wings around the white light. They were all around the holy white light!

"What level of treasure is that? It can cause such a huge phenomenon and even cause the protection of the Energy Beasts?"

Li Mulong and the rest were shocked. They were filled with shock.

"Squeak, Squeak, Squeak!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was at the side, sensed the excited cries of the treasure-hunting mouse in the mother nest.

He moved his palm and the palm-sized treasure-hunting mouse appeared in his palm. His six tentacles were aimed at the spot where the white light was.

"This is an ultimate treasure of heaven and earth. Its level exceeds the detection range!"