Chapter 2060: 2060 was in his hands

"This is a treasure of heaven and earth. Its level has exceeded the detection range!"

When Wang Xian sensed the information from the treasure-seeking ant, he was stunned.

"Its level has exceeded the detection range. How is this possible? You must know that this treasure-seeking ant is a divine beast of the bug race. There are very few treasures that it can not detect!"

Wang Xian opened his mouth slightly and revealed a shocked expression.

The Treasure-seeking Ant Divine Beast of the bug race was the strongest race in the universe back then. It was an existence that was comparable to the Divine Dragon Race!

"Beyond the detection range. In other words..."

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. It was beyond the detection range of the treasure-seeking ant. In other words, this treasure was definitely a treasure of heaven and earth!

"The energy tide this time is the largest in the past hundred thousand years. Without the strength of six to seven wisps of divine fire, it is impossible to enter the center!"

"However, there are many treasures in the energy tide this time. I don't know what kind of treasures are inside the white light. There are even tidal beasts guarding it!"

Li Mulong's shocked voice rang out from the front.

They ignored Wang Xian and flew directly to the edge of the energy tide.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, on the void continent behind them, numerous figures were also flying towards the edge of the energy tide.

"Let's go and take a look!"

Wang Xian said to Ming Huo and Yang Huo and followed closely behind them.

This place was tens of kilometers away from the energy tide.

These tens of kilometers were just an instant problem for him.

Rumble

When Wang Xian was close enough, the rumbling sound and the vastness of the energy tide assaulted him.

Wang Xian stared at the energy tide in astonishment.

This was the wonder of the universe.

"Make your move and seize this treasure. We can't let those guys from the eternal thunderclap get their hands on it!"

At this moment, dignified voices rang out from the sky.

More than ten figures flew into the energy tide, each of them possessing the strength of no less than six wisps of divine fire.

Their figures moved and flew into the sky above the energy tide, directly grabbing towards the ball of white light in the middle!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

"Hahahaha, this treasure belongs to our Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

From the opposite side, a similar unbridled voice rang out.

A huge metal claw was clawing towards the white light!

"Divine weapon, heaven-probing claw. This divine weapon has grabbed many divine weapons from the energy tide!"

"Oh no, they have used the heaven-probing claw!"

Around Wang Xian, the people around him cried out in surprise when they saw the huge claw that was emitting divine light clawing towards the white light.

"Block the heaven-probing claw!"

The faces of the eternal thunderclap experts stiffened when they saw the metal claw. The old man in the middle immediately roared.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Numerous attacks were launched towards the metal claw in the Energy Tide!

Buzz

However, they were already prepared at the opposite position. Streams of energy blocked their attacks.

"Enter the energy tide!"

When the eternal leaf experts saw this, their expressions changed, and they jumped into the energy tide.

"Roar! Roar!"

Within the energy tide, the metallic sky-piercing claw emitted a divine light, and the 10-meter-long claw rapidly expanded, enveloping the white light.

However, at this moment, the energy beasts around the white light let out roars.

Their enormous wings flapped the tides in front of them.

The tides around them seemed to be under control as they directly attacked the sky-reaching claw.

In an instant, the tides around the white light seemed to be ten times more ferocious as waves of terrifying energy washed towards the sky-reaching claw.

"AO AO!"

Mournful sounds rang out from the sky-reaching claw as a claw actually slowly cracked under the impact of the energy.

"Not good, those tide beasts are very terrifying!"

The Eternal Leaf Gods, who had already charged into the energy tide, were shocked when they saw this scene.

The sky-reaching claw was able to directly charge into the energy tide, and it was already a divine weapon of the seventh level of the deity realm.

However, such a divine weapon was actually shattered by the impact of the energy tide. It could be imagined that the energy of the tide could already threaten peak-stage deity realm experts.

Among them, there was no peak-stage deity realm expert.

"Oh no!"

On the opposite side, the eternal leaf gods'expressions changed drastically as they hurriedly withdrew their heaven-probing claws!

The area covered by the white light continued to flow along the energy tide.

The Eternal Thunder and eternal leaf gods stopped. They floated in the air with solemn expressions.

"What a terrifying tidal beast. This is only the attack of one tidal beast. There are at least a dozen tidal beasts gathered there!"

"They can control the tides and use the power of the tides to threaten peak god-level experts!"

Some gods were shocked when they saw the divine weapon, the heaven-probing claw, fall.

"Such a terrifying tidal beast is guarding the white light. What level is the treasure in the white light? It should be at least at the peak of the godly realm, right?"

Many people around were staring at the white light with burning eyes.

In the sky above the energy tide, the gods of the two major factions were staring at the white light in the tide with furrowed brows.

An elder from Eternal Shocking Thunder looked at the heaven-probing claw in his hand with an ugly expression.

"What a powerful energy tide and tide demonic beasts. This won't do. I can't do anything even if I enter by myself!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, a solemn expression appeared on his face.

The hundreds of millions of people around him looked at the white light flowing along the tide in astonishment.

Although the speed of the white light was not very fast, it was still tens of thousands of meters per second.

In the sky, the gods of the two major forces were following in the sky. They were not in a hurry or taking any risks.

This was because the energy tide had an end. As long as they reached the end of the energy tide, they would be able to deal with the energy beasts inside. At that time, they would naturally be able to obtain treasures!

"Hualala!"

All of a sudden, at this moment, a sound that sounded like a huge wave was heard!

"The energy tide has changed. It is no longer pure spiritual energy. Instead, it is a tide formed by water elemental energy, the ocean tide!"

Before Wang Xian could turn his head to take a look, exclamations could be heard from the surroundings.

"Oh no, the white light has stopped. It's actually going against the current. It wants to return to the black hole of the tide. It actually wants to return to the black hole of the tide!"

More voices could be heard. Everyone quickly looked over!

They saw that the white light that was originally following the energy tide was actually going against the current. This was an extremely rare occurrence!

Once the white light went against the current and entered the tidal black hole, it would completely disappear!

Divine artifacts possessed spirituality, but very few could go against the current and tide.

"Ocean Tide, against the current?"

At the edge, Wang Xian saw the white light that was going against the current and gradually entering the ocean tide. His eyes sparkled and he was tempted!

Should I give it a try?