Chapter 2061: 2061 made his move

The Tides of the universe were ever-changing. One second, the tide of spiritual energy was flowing out of the black hole, and the next second, it was the tide of flames!

Next, it would be the tide of the loess, the tide of the ocean, and so on. No one knew how long the tide of spiritual energy would last, or how long the tide of Flames would last.

It could be thousands of years, years, or even days.

The energy tide in front of them had changed from the spiritual energy tide just now to the ocean tide!

The ocean tide formed by water energy was a huge opportunity for the water element cultivators.

The water element cultivators could enter the ocean to cultivate. Even the gods had great benefits.

The Divine Dragon Clan was the lord of the ocean. Regardless of which element the divine dragon belonged to, their strength would not be affected in the slightest when they entered the ocean. In fact, their speed would even be slightly faster.

This was due to the bloodline of the Divine Dragons.

Water affinity, water affinity!

The spiritual energy tide turning into the ocean tide was a very beneficial thing for Wang Xian.

He already had the water element. The influence of the tide on him was at least two to three times less than before.

"With this speed, the treasure will enter the black hole in ten minutes at most. I wonder if the Lords can get their hands on this treasure!"

Li Muyan frowned as she watched this scene and said softly!

"This treasure's grade is definitely not low. It's protected by a powerful tide beast, and it also has such a strong spirituality!"

Li Mulong's face was also filled with astonishment as he said this.

Unfortunately, a treasure of this grade was simply not something they could obtain.

They were already very lucky to be able to obtain a divine weapon.

"We, the water elemental lords, have made our move!"

The treasure within the white light flowed in reverse. At this time, the gods couldn't hold it in any longer. A few of the water elemental gods immediately entered the tide and grabbed towards the treasure!

Boom! Boom

When the gods got close, they were immediately attacked by the tide beasts.

However, this time, the water elemental gods that entered weren't afraid of the tide beasts because of the ocean tide!

"Water net, stop them!"

A God held a divine staff in his hand, and a powerful water-type God formed an incomparably huge fishing net, fishing towards the white light!

"Hualala!"

However, the moment the fishing net fell, what shocked everyone was that bone spikes suddenly attacked the fishing net, easily cutting off its restraints.

"Not good. In the ocean tide, even if we are water-type gods, under the impact of the ocean tide, our attack power will be weakened by more than ten times!"

"Unless we use divine artifacts or defense to pass through this group of Tide Beasts!"

The nine wisps of Divine Fire God, who had released the net, growled with an ugly expression.

"Any energy that falls on the tide will be washed away by 90% of the attack. Using physical strength to enter is a good choice!"

"You can also enter the ocean tide with a strong Earth attribute defensive power!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian watched as the gods on the vast ocean tide attacked continuously.

"Let's give it a try!"

Seeing that the white light would return to the black hole in seven to eight minutes, Wang Xian decided to give it a try.

Whoosh

His body moved and he immediately flew into the ocean tide.

"Dragon King!"

Ming huoyang Huo and Li Mulong looked bitter when they saw this scene and shouted.

"Eh? This friend actually dared to fly over!"

Li Muyan and Li Mulong's expressions changed slightly as they hurriedly looked over!

"Something bad will happen if he goes over so rashly. If he wants to enter the center of the tidal wave, he must at least have the strength of seven wisps of divine fire. Even if he is of the water attribute, he must at least have the strength of five wisps of Divine Fire!"

Li Muyan's expression was a little unsightly. She quickly spoke to Ming Huo and Yang Huo.

"Our Dragon King is very strong. He should be fine!"

Both of their expressions were uncertain as they spoke with uncertainty.

"Not only do we have to be careful of the demon beasts of the energy tide and energy tide, but we also have to be careful of the pantheon of Eternal Thunder!"

Li Mulong's brows followed closely as he stared at Wang Xian's figure!

"Someone is flying over again. Even Lord Proverbs and the rest are unable to obtain that treasure. There are still people who dare to fly over. Which God is that? He looks so young!"

Some people noticed Wang Xian's figure and saw him immediately.

Plop

Wang Xian did not fly towards the sky. Instead, he entered the energy tide directly from the edge.

If one considered the energy tide as an ocean, the depth of this ocean was millions of kilometers!

The flow of the ocean tide at the edge was not a trace. The strength of a demigod could withstand it!

Wang Xian's body shook slightly. The Yin-yang five elements alms bowl slowly surrounded his body. Around the Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, streams of water slowly covered it!

Water-blue dragon scales appeared on the surface of his body!

With three layers of protection, Wang Xian unleashed his strongest defense.

Buzz

His body moved and easily traversed dozens of kilometers under the sea!

The further he went in, the greater the resistance.

When he was more than 100 kilometers away from the center, he even had to unleash 20% of his strength to withstand the impact of the ocean tide.

"The water in the ocean tide is holy water to ordinary people. The speed of water attribute cultivators cultivating here is comparable to the cultivation speed in the Dragon Palace!"

As he sensed his surroundings, Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

He looked ahead.

Within the ocean tide, his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes could only see a distance of more than 10 kilometers.

"There are fifteen tide demonic beasts, and each of them is not weaker than eight wisps of divine fire. Only the strength of nine wisps of divine fire in the energy tide can contend with them!"

"Because of the Divine Dragon Bloodline, I control the four seas. I can barely exert 80% of my strength here!"

Wang Xian stared ahead, his eyes flashing with brilliance!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Wang Xian saw a god emitting a powerful aura entering the tidal wave of the ocean. He was prepared for a final battle.

If they were to see this treasure entering the tidal wave of the black hole, they would be unwilling to accept it!

When the eternal leaves of God entered the tidal wave, a figure swept a glance at Wang Xian.

However, he also saw that Wang Xian had entered the tidal wave from their side. He ignored it and flew towards the location of the white light.

"Roar! Roar!"

One by one, the tide beasts saw the gods entering and attacked the gods that were approaching them.

Their bodies were as big as fish, but they had claws and a pair of bone wings. Their bodies were pale white and they looked a little ferocious.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, more than ten gods from eternal thunderclap entered the other side and grabbed towards the white light.

"Roar! Roar!"

A total of more than 30 gods from the two major forces immediately surrounded the white light. The 15 tidal beasts roared coldly.

They controlled the surrounding tides to attack them!

Wang Xian did not hesitate and rushed towards the white light.