Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2062: 2062, on the sacred wings of no beginning

At this time, he had to rush over!

It was impossible for him to just sit back and reap the benefits. Not to mention whether he had the chance or not, even if he had the chance, he could not just wait by the side and take action.

Otherwise, the moment he took the opportunity to rush over, he would be attacked by everyone.

Perhaps even the people of eternal divine leaf would attack him.

After all, he did not know his identity as the eternal divine leaves. At this moment, he had to make a move together with the gods of the eternal divine leaves!

Clang

He moved his palm and pulled out the dragon blood sword in his hand. Streams of water gathered on it. Wang Xian attacked a tide demon beast in front of him.

The water condensed into the head of the water dragon and attacked the Tide Demon Beast directly.

Around the tidal beast, there were two gods with eight wisps of divine fire. They were delighted when they saw Wang Xian's attack!

"My friend, let's work together to destroy this demonic beast. The rest of the demonic beasts are trapped. As long as we kill it, we will be able to enter the white light!"

A middle-aged man shouted at Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and moved his body. His entire body was enveloped by the water currents and the yin-yang five elements alms bowl as he flew over.

The Energy Tide demonic beast was more than 100 meters in size. It wasn't very big, but its two bone wings and two claws were extremely tough.

The attacks of the other two gods landed on it one by one, leaving only a trace.

"Its body is very tough. Be careful!"

Another elder reminded loudly.

"It's very tough. I would like to see if this fellow's body is tough or if the dragon blood sword in my hand is tough!"

Wang Xian's body shimmered as he appeared in front of one of the claws of the Energy Tide Demon Beast in a flash. He raised the dragon blood sword in his hand and slashed it down heavily.

Bang

A terrifying collision was transmitted from the energy tide. A huge crack appeared on the Demon Beast's claw.

He was not surprised by this at all.

"What a sharp blood sword!"

The two middle-aged elders looked over and were astonished.

"Hurry up and help!"

Wang Xian was not complacent at all. With a swing of his sword, the demonic beast was injured. A huge bone wing directly slashed towards Wang Xian.

The sharp bone spike left a terrifying mark in the energy tide.

"Raging Sea!"

An elder held a divine staff in his hand and pointed directly at the bone wing.

The bottom of the energy tide stirred up a huge wave and hit the bone wings hard!

"Thunder!"

Another old man held a hammer of lightning and smashed it at the Tide Demon Beast.

Crack! Crack! Crack

Bolts of lightning sounded and caused the body of the Tide Demon Beast to roll.

"Go to hell!"

Wang Xian held the dragon blood sword in his hand and slashed it at the head of the Demon Beast.

"Bang!"

A powerful collision sound rang out. The Dragon Blood Sword in Wang Xian's hand slashed into the skull of the monster and sank into a depth of five to six meters.

However, it was very difficult to kill a demon beast at the celestial stage. There were almost no vitals for a celestial stage expert unless they were completely destroyed.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, the screams of the Demon Beast could be heard from the side. Wang Xian looked over and saw that a tide demon beast had been killed.

"Eternal thunderclap and the rest have killed a demonic beast. Stop Them!"

The gods of eternal divine leaf looked over and immediately gave up on attacking the tide demonic beast in front of them. Instead, they tried to stop the two figures who were flying towards the white light.

"Get lost, you useless eternal divine leaf!"

The two gods with nine wisps of divine fire roared furiously. Streams of terrifying energy surged within the ocean tides. In the sky, huge tidal waves that were tens of thousands of meters high were created!

"The gods are fighting!"

"Hiss, I wonder who will be able to obtain this treasure. Hopefully, it will be our eternal divine leaf!"

At least hundreds of millions of people gathered around the two sides. When they saw the huge tidal waves in the sky, their expressions changed slightly.

"Oh no, a battle has broken out below. I'm afraid that our friend is doomed!"

"Even if his strength is not weak, the death rate is still very high if he enters recklessly!"

Li Muyan, Li Mulong, and the rest looked worried when they saw the surging tide of the ocean.

They had a good impression of Wang Xian.

The chaotic battle within the energy tide began!

"Bang!"

Wang Xian's right arm turned into a dragon claw as he approached the direction of the eternal divine leaf. The Dragon Claw held the Dragon Blood Sword and smashed heavily onto the body of the Tide Demon Beast.

The tidal beast flew backward along with the tide.

"Charge in!"

At this moment, the middle-aged man and the old man who were fighting together with Wang Xian swept their gaze across and charged directly toward the white light!

"If you don't let us get it, you can forget about getting the treasure inside the eternal divine leaf!"

However, at this moment, three figures charged toward them.

"This is our chance!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man who was rushing towards him and his body suddenly accelerated!

"How Dare You Ignore Me? You are courting death!"

A lightning barrier was launched towards Wang Xian's body.

The exploding lightning barrier even created a hollow area around the surrounding energy tide!

Wang Xian sensed the violent attack and his heart skipped a beat!

The middle-aged man who was attacking him was the god of the nine divine flames!

"Nothingness!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

At this moment, the Yin-yang five elements alms bowl on his body flickered with the power of Light and darkness.

His body turned into nothingness for a short period of time!

Buzz

Wang Xian's body shuttled through the violent lightning shield.

Crack! Crack

At the last moment, he was struck by a bolt of lightning on his shoulder.

Fortunately, the layers of defense on his body blocked it!

Wang Xian burst out with all his speed. With a flash from a distance of ten kilometers, he charged straight into the white light.

"What? Damn it, one of the Eternal Leaf's fellows has entered. We Can't let them succeed!"

When the middle-aged man saw Wang Xian enter, his expression changed drastically. He immediately shouted loudly!

"Stall them and give our people a Chance!"

When the gods of the eternal divine leaves heard this, they revealed an excited look on their faces. They immediately shouted loudly!

Wang Xian, who had entered the white light, was slightly delighted when he heard the sounds outside. It was just as he had expected.

Void was the greatest confidence that Wang Xian had when he barged in. It was also the more heaven-defying ability that he had mastered at the moment.

Just like the void of the Ao Yao, it could be immune to any attack in an instant.

"PFFT!"

However, the moment Wang Xian entered, a bone thorn pierced through him at a terrifying speed.

"Not good!"

At this moment, his expression changed drastically.

A bone thorn pierced through his ribs directly. The intense pain was extremely painful!

"Damn it, what is this thing?"

His face was filled with shock. A terrifying luster shot out from his eyes as he stared forward.

What entered his eyes was a pair of bone wings. It was completely different from the white bone wings that were condensed by the shadow in the sky.

This pair of white bone wings was about ten meters wide. They were formed from bones, and there wasn't the slightest sense of beauty!

The entire pair of bone wings didn't contain any attributes. Other than this faint white light, there wasn't the slightest sense of holiness or even a terrifying might!

It was as if this was just a simple, indestructible bone!

One of the bones pierced through his ribs, causing his body to tremble.