Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2063: Under the 2063 uninitiated holy wings

"Is this a treasure or a monster?"

"That's not right. According to the information on the treasure-seeking ant, this is a treasure. The higher the level of the treasure, the stronger the spirituality it possesses. A treasure of the godly state can already communicate with humans!"

"Based on the investigation of the treasure-seeking ant, this treasure is definitely of a higher level than a divine artifact!"

Wang Xian stared at the bone wings that had penetrated his body. A look of horror appeared on his face.

He gritted his teeth and wanted to fly backward to escape from the strange bone wings.

Buzz

However, the moment he moved, the strange bone spikes followed his movements. There was no way for him to escape.

"Damn it, how did I come across such a strange treasure!"

Wang Xian's face turned black. He gritted his teeth and tore open his ribs to forcefully escape from the bone spikes.

Crack! Crack

The sound of his ribs breaking could be heard. Enduring the intense pain, Wang Xian tore his ribs apart and forcefully moved the bone spike away.

"Phew!"

Just as he heaved a sigh of relief, there was a bone thick in the middle of the two bone wings.

This bone spike was very short as though it was embedded in his body.

Before he could react, the short spike in the middle of the two bone wings had penetrated into his back.

"PFFT!"

There was an intense collision as if the bone wings were about to penetrate into his body.

However, how could such a good thing happen?

Even though the short thorn was not long, it was still about a meter long. The short thorn had penetrated Wang Xian's back in an instant!

"Ah!"

The sound of pain was heard. Wang Xian's expression changed drastically as a hint of panic appeared in his eyes.

"Oh no, he's devouring my bones!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly. He felt that the short thorn in the middle was about to devour his bones. It was as if it was treating his bones as food.

"Damn it, what the Hell Is This?"

His face was filled with panic. It was not worth it to die in the hands of the skeletal wings.

Even if he could revive, it would be a huge loss for him!

"Heart of Light and Darkness!"

Wang Xian sensed that his bones were being devoured bit by bit. He sensed that the short bone was located at the heart. Immediately, he had an idea.

The heart of Light and darkness was the most precious treasure in the universe. It was the most important treasure of the Divine Dragon of Light and darkness, who was at the peak of the universe.

Buzz

The heart of light and darkness trembled slightly. A force of light and darkness slowly surrounded the bone wings and confronted it.

The devouring force dissipated in an instant.

However, that was all. The heart of Light and darkness could only protect itself and did not retaliate at all.

Now that Wang Xian was the owner of the heart of Light and darkness, he needed to mobilize all the power.

"Phew!"

Seeing that the strange bone wings were no longer devouring his bones, Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief.

Buzz

Just when Wang Xian thought that he was out of danger, the two bone spurs on the left and right wings behind him attacked him directly.

"PFFT! PFFT!"

Wang Xian didn't even have the strength to resist the attack in an instant.

At this moment, Wang Xian's face turned completely black.

The two bone spurs on his left and right pierced through his body. The devouring force was transmitted once again.

Wang Xian took a deep breath and wanted to use the power of the heart of Light and darkness.

However, the heart of light and darkness didn't react at all. It was as if he could only balance the short spur in the middle!

"Do I really have to die here because of this strange bone thorn?"

Wang Xian's expression changed. For a moment, he had no choice but to wait for death.

"Hungry!"

"Eat!"

Five seconds later, Wang Xian's forehead was filled with cold sweat. Faint fluctuations suddenly entered his mind.

"Eat? Hungry?"

He was slightly stunned as his eyes flickered!

"Is this thing hungry? Do you want to eat something?"

Wang Xian's expression changed.

"Let's make a bet. If you want to eat, I'll let you eat!"

Wang Xian gritted his teeth. The area behind him moved slightly and the virtual image of the Divine Kingdom's Dragon Palace appeared slightly.

"Roar! Roar!"

Two low roars were heard. The avatar of the Divine Wind Dragon and the avatar of the Divine Thunder Dragon were slowly separated!

"Disperse the flesh and let him devour it!"

Wang Xian had a total of seven avatars. As these seven avatars were connected to his body, he could summon them instantly through the Dragon Palace of the Divine Kingdom.

The two avatars appeared in the form of the Divine Dragon. The two avatars trembled slightly and their flesh and blood were completely dispersed.

The remaining bones looked extremely eerie and ferocious.

The two avatars opened their mouths and bit towards the bone wings!

"PFFT! PFFT!"

Before the two doppelgangers could bite down, the bone spikes pierced through the head of the doppelgangers.

In an instant, Wang Xian could feel that the devouring power of the two bone spikes in his body had completely disappeared.

He could sense that the two doppelgangers were being devoured at a rapid speed!

"The most important thing for this doppelganger is the Dragon Soul. Since you have devoured the bones of the Dragon Soul, you should devour the Dragon Soul as well!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as a hint of malevolence appeared on his face.

The two clones that were thousands of meters long were being devoured at a terrifying speed.

Wang Xian could sense the bones of the dragon soul's follower entering the wings of the bone wings.

"Take over this bone wings!"

Wang Xian's heart stirred as the two dragon souls slowly covered the entire bone wings.

"Roar! Roar!"

A soundless roar sounded from within the bone wings. Wang Xian could sense that there seemed to be a living being inside the bone wings.

This was the soul of this treasure!

"Devour him!"

Wang Xian ordered with a slightly ferocious expression.

"Roar! Roar!"

The two dragon souls immediately went to devour the soul within the bone wings!

"Roar! Roar!"

The soul seemed to be abnormally furious and immediately began to retaliate!

However, this soul seemed to have been born not too long ago and its offensive power was not that strong. In a split second, it immediately dodged to the spot where the short thorn pierced into Wang Xian's body.

Buzz

When he entered the short spike, he released a surge of energy and blocked the attack of the two dragon souls directly! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was trembling as it hid inside and didn't move at all!

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw this situation.

The spot where the short spike was located seemed to be the center of his body. The two dragon souls couldn't do anything to it even if it hid inside.

After all, this was his home!

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

With a thought, he flapped his wings slightly. Now, he could easily control the two bone wings.

At the same time, a piece of information was transmitted to his mind.

Inceptive holy wings!

This was the name of the bone wings. It sounded very cool, but according to the information in his mind, the inceptive holy wings didn't have any attributes.

Its attack power was very strong, but the prerequisite was that it could hit someone.

The only function was that it was very fast. With the flapping of the wings, it could burst out the speed of a peak godly state!

If the soul at the short point could cooperate with it, its speed might be even faster!

"No matter how I look at it, this effect doesn't match with a high-level treasure. Furthermore, it almost died at the hands of this guy!"

"Even so, two of my clones have perished!"

Wang Xian frowned. At this moment, his expression was extremely weak!

He looked at his chest where he was pierced through. With a slight movement, he placed the short bone wing beside the heart of Light and darkness.

The heart of Light and darkness could block the power of the primaless holy wings.

Crash

With a thought, a bone wing that was 20 meters wide appeared behind him!