Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2064: Add in 2064

Each bone wing was about ten meters in size. The white bone wings did not have any attributes.

Wang Xian was floating in the middle of the ocean tide. The bone wings did not look beautiful at all.

However, the entire bone wing did not have any attributes. It looked rather useless!

Buzz

He moved slightly and streams of water flowed onto the body of the bone wings.

Buzz

When the bone wings were covered by the water, Wang Xian's expression changed slightly.

His expression became more interesting.

He relaxed his entire body and did not use any energy.

At this moment, a strange scene appeared. Wang Xian's body was not impacted by the ocean tides.

"Is this the ability of the bone wings?"

His face was filled with joy.

Ignore the impact of the ocean tide?

Only seven wisps of divine fire could stand in the ocean tide. The gods of the six wisps of divine fire would not die if they entered the ocean tide. However, they would be washed away by the ocean tide!

There was no way for them to stand in the ocean tide.

However, he could stand in the ocean tide just by covering the water attribute on the bone wings. This kind of energy was rather powerful!

"In other words, with this bone wings, I can ignore any environment and unleash the strength of the peak of the Godly State?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. With a slight movement of his body, he left this space immediately!

"Ah!"

Just as Wang Xian came out, a scream was heard!

Wang Xian quickly looked over and saw a group of more than 30 people fighting in front of him.

The eyes of more than 30 people were completely bloodshot. They didn't even notice that there was a change in the area covered by the white light just now.

"Fang Tian!"

The faces of more than 10 people from the eternal divine leaves changed drastically when they heard the scream. They shouted in unison.

"Hahaha, you trash from the eternal divine leaves. Even if we can't get the treasure today, it's still worth it to be able to kill two of you who have eight wisps of divine fire. hahaha!"

An elder of eternal thunderclap held the long spear in his hand with a ferocious expression!

The long spear was covered in lightning and completely penetrated the middle-aged man in front of him.

The middle-aged man's face was filled with despair.

"Eternal Thunderclap, you are courting death!"

The eternal divine leaves looked over and revealed an extremely furious expression.

"Eighth Elder, that fellow from eternal divine leaves has come out. He has obtained the treasure!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man from eternal thunderclap saw Wang Xian who was beside the white light. He looked shocked and shouted immediately.

"Eh?"

At this moment, everyone looked towards Wang Xian's position.

"The bone wings on his body are that treasure. It's the bone wings!"

An elder from eternal thunderclap shouted immediately.

Wang Xian ignored their gazes and looked at the fallen middle-aged man with a frown.

The fallen middle-aged man was the middle-aged man who had attacked the tide demonic beast with him not long ago.

He did not expect that this middle-aged man would actually die because of this!

Swoosh

His gaze swept across the group of experts with eternal shock. After hesitating for a moment, he moved his body and flew directly towards the top of the ocean tide.

Splash

Wang Xian easily rushed out of the ocean tide and hovered in the sky.

"Someone is coming out!"

When Wang Xian rushed out of the ocean tide, hundreds of millions of people on both sides were flying towards the top of the ocean tide.

"Eh? It doesn't seem to be our Lord Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

At the north side, some people were looking at him in astonishment.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, figures rushed out from the ocean tide.

A few of them attacked Wang Xian directly.

Wang Xian looked over and saw three gods of nine wisps of divine fire, Eternal Thunderclap, attacking him. The three of them had cold killing intent on their faces as they stared at the bone wings on his back!

"Leave the treasure behind!"

An old man roared and threw the lightning spear in his hand directly at Wang Xian.

Buzz

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat. His bone wings flapped slightly and his figure disappeared instantly. He flew towards the eastern region.

"What a fast speed!"

The expressions of the three gods with nine wisps of divine fire changed slightly. They were shocked.

Such speed was comparable to the peak of the Godly State!

"This bone wings is definitely a very precious treasure!"

An elder growled in a low voice.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The sound of water breaking could be heard from below. The three of them looked at each other and hurriedly retreated.

"Eternal divine leaf, you exchanged two gods with eight wisps of divine fire for a treasure. It's too good for you!"

The Gods of eternal shock roared in dissatisfaction.

"Bullshit, one of you has fallen as well!"

A burly old man who had rushed out from the ocean tide shouted furiously when he heard their words.

"Haha, that Eight-wisp Divine Fire God exchanged for a treasure. We exchanged it for you!"

The eternal thunderclap expert immediately laughed maniacally as he replied.

Although the bone wings looked extraordinary, it was worth it for an eight-wisp divine fire god to exchange for a treasure!

"What? Two of our lords have died?"

"The treasure has been obtained by us. Who is the Lord who obtained the treasure?" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I don't know him. I don't think our eternal divine leaves has such a young God!"

"It's that person!"

In the Eastern Region, everyone had an ugly expression on their faces when they heard the words of the gods.

Some of them looked at Wang Xian with a puzzled expression.

However, Li Muyan, Li Mulong, and the rest immediately recognized Wang Xian. They opened their mouths slightly and revealed shocked expressions.

Not only did he come out alive, but he also obtained that Supreme Treasure!

Was it the bone wings?

Li Mulong and the rest were extremely shocked!

Buzz

The bone wings were flapped once again and Wang Xian appeared beside them in an instant!

With a slight movement of his conviction, the bone wings slowly retracted into Wang Xian's body!

"Dragon King!"

Ming Huoyang and Huo Yang immediately walked forward and shouted in astonishment.

"This friend, you... you..."

Li Mulong and the rest stared at Wang Xian in astonishment. They were beyond shocked!

"Who is he?"

"I don't know. However, he knows Li Mulong and the rest. He should be the Lord of our eternal divine leaf. He looks so young!"

More people looked at Wang Xian, their faces filled with doubt.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, the gods of the eternal leaf flew over from the ocean tide.

They were also staring at Wang Xian, and their expressions were unsightly.

They didn't know this young man or the god who obtained the treasure!

More than ten gods flew over to Wang Xian.

"The Lords are here!"

When Li Muyan saw the lords flying over, her expression changed and she frowned!

They knew that Wang Xian wasn't someone from the eternal divine leaf.

Now that he had obtained the treasure, the eternal divine leaf had lost two gods with eight wisps of divine fire!

This...

"Little brother, who are you? Which faction are you from?"

At this moment, more than ten top-notch experts from eternal leaf came to Wang Xian and surrounded him without leaving a trace!