Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2065: 2065 joined in

"Our Lords don't know who that youth is either!"

"This... our eternal divine leaf lost two gods, all to cover up!"

"Which faction does that youth come from? He doesn't look old, but to be able to enter the center of the ocean tide, his strength must be extraordinary!"

When everyone saw the group of people surrounding the young man who had obtained the treasure, they were astonished.

Wang Xian looked at the gods surrounding the eternal divine leaves and frowned slightly.

If it wasn't for their resistance, it would have been difficult for him to obtain the incorporeal holy wings!

"I'm Wang Xian, from the Dragon Palace!"

He looked at the gods of the eternal divine leaves and cupped his hands to show his respect.

"Dragon Palace?"

The gods looked at each other and revealed a puzzled expression.

"In that case, you are no longer a member of the eternal divine leaves!"

The old man in the middle took a step forward and locked his gaze on Wang Xian.

"He is a friend, not an enemy!"

Wang Xian said to him calmly!

"If you say he's a friend, then he's a friend? We have lost two experts because of this treasure. Hand over this treasure or else..."

A burly middle-aged man growled in a low voice with an embarrassed look on his face.

"Ninth elder, they... they were brought here by us!"

At this moment, Li Muyan, who was standing at the side, hesitated for a moment before speaking to the elders of the eternal divine leaf.

"Oh?"

The gods looked at Li Muyan!

"We were fighting with Eternal Thunder's disciples for a divine weapon downstream. After that, we saw that they killed all of Eternal Thunder's people, including three gods, and a direct descendant of Eternal Thunder was also killed by them!"

"They wanted to go to our center, so we brought them here!"

Li Muyan told them everything.

"Huh? They killed a direct disciple of Eternal Shocking Thunder?"

The old man who was addressed as elder Jiu raised his eyebrows and looked at Wang Xian.

The eyes of the rest of the eternal divine leaves'gods flickered slightly. It was much harder to kill a direct disciple of eternal shocking thunder than an ordinary God!

Those who dared to kill a direct disciple of eternal shocking thunder were considered friends in their eternal divine leaves.

"Even if you are our friend, in order to protect you, Eternal Shocking Thunder sacrificed two gods with eight wisps of divine fire. You still have to hand over that treasure!"

The burly middle-aged man retracted the coldness on his face and said to Wang Xian expressionlessly.

"It's impossible for me to give you the bone wings. In order to obtain that treasure, I paid a huge price!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man and shook his head!

"Huh?"

The burly middle-aged man slowly emitted a wave of pressure.

"Let's change the conditions. After all, I can obtain this treasure with your help!"

Wang Xian said directly to them.

The reason why he was able to obtain the incorporeal holy wings this time was because they were able to hold off the eternal thunderclap experts.

Otherwise, he would never have obtained this treasure.

Furthermore, he felt a little guilty about the two people who were killed. He, Wang Xian, would not ignore them since he was the cause. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"You are not the enemy, and we will not make an enemy out of you. However, we have lost two gods with eight wisps of divine fire because of this!"

"Even if we killed one of them, we still lost one. This way, join us with the eternal divine leaf and use our military merits to offset this treasure!"

"Or, you can take out enough items to compensate us. If you don't choose either, we will have to take the treasure away from you!"

Elder Jiu said to Wang Xian and gave him two options!

"Military merits?"

Wang Xian looked at them in puzzlement.

"That's right, it's military merits. You can obtain military merits by killing the person who killed eternal thunderclap and handing over the treasure!"

"As long as you have sufficient military merits, you can even seek guidance from the Divine Master Shenye!"

Elder Jiu spoke to him indifferently and stared at him with a burning gaze. "Make Your Choice!"

"Then I choose to join Eternal Divine Leaf!"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and nodded his head.

"Alright, let's get straight to the point. Don't even think about leaving. Otherwise, we will announce that you killed Eternal Thunderclap's disciple. In addition, we will also hunt you down!"

"If you offend two eternal forces, there will be no place for you in the entire endless star field!"

Elder Jiu said indifferently. He looked at Li Mu Yan and the others. "Introduce these friends to us. get familiar with them!"

"Let's go. We are preparing to send off Fang Tian and Meng Han Brothers!"

Elder Jiu looked at the surrounding gods and said indifferently.

"Okay!"

Everyone nodded and turned around to leave.

They had been fighting against the eternal thunderbolt for tens of thousands of years. Every time a powerful treasure appeared, a powerful God would definitely die.

This was not the first time they had encountered such a situation.

Everyone was prepared for this.

Wang Xian watched them leave and did not say anything.

The reason why he chose to join this place was because the two gods died because of him.

Other than that, there was another important thing. He wanted to stay in this energy tide for a period of time.

Now that he had the primaless holy wings, he had no effect in traveling through the energy tide. He could obtain many treasures here.

Furthermore, the two of them had fallen largely because of him.

"At the very least, I want to kill a few eternal thunderclap fellows as a sacrifice for their souls in heaven!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Brother Wang Xian, right? It's a good choice for you to join our eternal thunderclap. You look so young. I didn't expect you to be so strong!"

Li Mulong smiled at Wang Xian.

"Please tell me about your military merits!"

Wang Xian smiled and asked him.

"Young master Wang Xian, let me tell you!"

"The energy tide is a land of treasures. It is the boundary between the eastern and northern regions. At the same time, it is also a battlefield. The battlefield between us and eternal thunderclap often erupts in battles for various treasures!"

"For this reason, our Lord Shenye has established military merits here. The more treasures we obtain and the more enemies we kill, the more military merits we obtain. Military merits can be exchanged for treasures. We can even invite our Lord Shenye to guide us in our cultivation!"

"If you have sufficient military merits, our eternal divine leaf's experts might take you in as a disciple. You might even be able to obtain a very high position if you join the eternal divine leaf!"

Li Muyan explained to Wang Xian, "I'll bring you to the military merits hall now. You'll know once you see it. Once the number of military merits reaches a certain level, you can even mobilize some of our disciples to work together!"

"I see!"

Wang Xian nodded.

In order to motivate the disciples and people from the eastern region to come here to fight against Eternal Thunderclap, eternal divine leaf had set up military merits.

This military merit was really effective. Together with this treasure land, hundreds of millions of people were spread around!