Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2066: 2066. I have a predestined relationship with this treasure

"Military Merit Hall!"

Following Li Muyan to the Military Merit Hall, Wang Xian read the messages one by one.

Military merits were divided into nine levels. One leaf was the lowest and nine leaves were the highest. Each person's military merits could be displayed.

The person with one leaf embroidered on his chest represented the person with one leaf. The person with two leaves embroidered on his chest represented the person with two leaves. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In order to advance from one leaf to two leaves, one needed to complete ten one-leaf military merits.

Killing a god with one wisp of divine fire from Eternal Shocking Thunder could obtain five one-leaf military merits. A divine artifact with one wisp of divine fire was equivalent to ten one-leaf military merits. One could directly become a two-leaf military merits person!

And so on!

After becoming a five-leaf military merits person, one could mobilize some of the power of Eternal Shocking Thunder.

If he wanted to join the eternal divine leaf completely, he would be able to obtain great power.

Of course, to be able to become a five-leaf meritorious serviceman, his own strength would be able to ignite at least six wisps of divine fire!

Other than that, he would also be able to obtain a divine weapon by consuming military credits. In short, military credits had many benefits.

Wang Xian took a brief look before he decided to join the eternal divine leaf.

"Young master Wang, what our ninth elder means is that young master Wang can only leave this place after becoming a seven-leaf meritorious serviceman!"

"However, there's no need to be anxious, young master Wang. With your strength, you might be able to become a seven-leaf meritorious serviceman in less than a few hundred years!"

Li Muyan said to Wang Xian from the side.

"A few hundred years? A seven-leaf meritorious serviceman?"

Wang Xian smiled when he heard her words.

Based on the accumulation of military merits, if he wanted to become a person with seven leaves of merit, he would have to kill at least four experts of eternal shocking thunder.

Or he could hand over two divine weapons that could rival seven wisps of divine fire.

This requirement was not low, but it was not very high either.

After all, the ninth elder and the rest were almost certain that the divine weapons that Wang Xian obtained could at least rival eight or nine wisps of divine fire.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

He had his own thoughts and criteria. He would repay eternal shocking thunder for what he owed them this time!

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, a sorrowful atmosphere spread across the entire continent.

"They are paying their respects to master Fang and the rest!"

Li Muyan and the rest had solemn expressions on their faces. The death of two masters with eight wisps of divine fire was no small matter to eternal shocking thunder!

"Let's go and pay our respects!"

Wang Xian said to them.

"Okay!"

Li Muyan and the rest nodded their heads and immediately flew towards the place where they were paying their respects.

They landed on the ground ahead of time. The people at the entrance didn't stop them. Li Muyan and the rest had some status in eternal divine leaf

The atmosphere was solemn when they entered. A few hundred people were gathered inside, and half of them were the gods of eternal thunderclap.

At the front, there was a row of people kneeling. They were the relatives of the two fallen powerhouses.

Wang Xian and the rest entered and bowed towards the memorial tablet. They stood quietly at the side.

Ten minutes later, the Pantheon slowly left, leaving behind a row of people kneeling in front.

Wang Xian was not staying here either!

"Young master Wang, you can leave first. Let's go comfort a friend!"

Li Muyan said to him and walked towards the front.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked out.

"Stop right there!"

However, when Wang Xian reached the door, a cold shout came from the back.

When Wang Xian heard the voice coming towards him, he frowned slightly and turned his head to look at the back.

A young man stared at him coldly.

Beside the young man, Li Muyan and the rest were standing beside him with unpleasant expressions.

Wang Xian stopped his footsteps and looked at the young man who was walking towards him with a slight frown.

"Did you cause the death of my grandfather?"

The young man had a hint of anger on his face as he stared at him coldly.

"You should know how he died!"

Looking at the aggressive young man, Wang Xian frowned slightly.

"Fang Muqing, it's not like you didn't..."

"Shut up!"

Li Muyan opened her mouth to explain to Wang Xian, but the young man immediately shouted at her.

Her expression changed as she looked at the young man. It was obvious that she was afraid of him.

"My grandfather sacrificed himself for that treasure. However, my grandfather and the rest thought that the one who got the treasure was someone from Eternal Thunderclap. However, he didn't know that it was an outsider!"

"It's all because of you. If it wasn't for you, my grandfather and the rest wouldn't have died. Since my grandfather died for that treasure, hand over that treasure now!"

The young man stared at Wang Xian and said sternly.

"Hand over the treasure to you?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. He stared at him as if he was looking at an idiot and said faintly, "You want me to give this treasure to you because of your grandfather's death?"

"This treasure was created by my grandfather with his life!"

The young man said coldly. His eyes sparkled as he said, "Don't worry, I will give you some compensation. Hand over the treasure now!"

"Idiot, even the experts of your eternal divine leaves didn't ask me to hand it over. Do you think I will hand it over with just a word from you?"

Wang Xian stared at the young man in amusement. His face was filled with disdain.

"You... Do you know who I am? !"

When the young man heard Wang Xian's words, a vicious look appeared on his face as he spoke in a sinister tone!

"I don't care who you are!"

Wang Xian looked at him coldly!

"Fang Muqing, the adults have already decided on something. Forget it!"

At the side, a girl spoke to the young man.

"Meng muxin, could it be that your master has fallen? Are you really that willing?"

Fang Muqing stared at the lady beside him and growled in a low voice with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"So What If I'm unwilling? Only by becoming stronger can I avenge my master!"

Meng muxin said coldly.

"I don't blame you for this, but I hope you can kill a few more of those bastards from the Eternal Thunderclap in the future!"

As she spoke, she looked at Wang Xian before turning around and walking towards the memorial tablet.

"You better hand over that treasure!"

When Fang Muqing saw her leaving, he glared at Wang Xian fiercely.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled in disdain before turning around and leaving.

When Li Muyan and the rest saw this scene, they frowned slightly. Shaking their heads, they walked towards Meng Muxin's location.

"Dragon King, that Fang Muqing's status might not be low. I saw that the ninth elder of the eternal divine leaf was very polite to him before he left!"

After walking out of the courtyard where they were worshipping, Ming Huo and Yang Huo, who were following behind him, said to Wang Xian.

"What's there to worry about a guy who hasn't ignited the Divine Fire?"

Wang Xian said indifferently. He didn't take it seriously at all.

"Let's go to the energy tide. I don't like to owe others a favor!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he immediately flew toward the energy tide.

With the incorporeal holy wings, Wang Xian was prepared to stay here for a period of time to obtain some resources and treasures.

The main purpose of his trip this time was to obtain resources and treasures.

As for the two little girls, let them wait a little longer!