Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2067: 2067. I have a predestined relationship with this treasure

"It's him. That treasure ended up in his hands!"

"It seems to be a pair of bone wings. Wings are a rare artifact. His speed was terrifying just now!"

"The level of that treasure must be very high. This time, this person has made a huge profit!"

When Wang Xian came to the edge of the energy tide, some people looked over and whispered with curiosity.

Ignoring the discussions around him, Wang Xian came to the edge of the energy tide and looked at the vast energy tide.

"Dragon King, are we really going to stay here for a few hundred years to complete our military exploits before leaving?"

Ming Huo and Yang Huo looked at the energy tide in front of them with a hint of bitterness on their faces.

"A few hundred years? At most, we'll stay here for a year!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. He wanted to stay here for a year to see how many treasures he could obtain.

If there were many treasures, he could consider staying here for a few more years.

"Squeak Squeak!"

Wang Xian moved his palm and the treasure-seeking ant appeared in his hand.

He placed it on his shoulder and looked at the vast energy tide in front of him quietly!

"The main task is to explore the energy tide in front of us!"

Wang Xian gave an order to the treasure-seeking ant.

"Squeak Squeak!"

The tentacles of the treasure-seeking ant were all pointed in the direction of the energy tide.

Wang Xian hovered in the sky and waited quietly.

"This? What is the Dragon King doing?"

Ming Huo and Yang Huo looked at the Dragon King who was standing there quietly with a dumbfounded expression.

They did not dare to ask or say anything. They stood to the left and right of Wang Xian and similarly hovered quietly in the air.

"The water spirit pearl at the level of a demigod at level eight has been discovered!"

In less than five minutes, a piece of information appeared in Wang Xian's mind. Following that, an image appeared in his mind.

Wang Xian raised his head and looked over. The water spirit pearl at the level of a demigod at level eight was not considered a valuable treasure, but it was still considered pretty good.

Moreover, the water spirit pearl was only about 20 kilometers away from him.

Wang Xian waved his arm and an energy claw directly grabbed towards the ocean tide in front of him.

Splash

Very soon, the claw entered the energy tide and grabbed the water spirit pearl!

"Eh? The water spirit pearl is of quite a high level. That person has actually obtained the water spirit Pearl!"

Around the ocean tide, at least a few hundred million people were either cultivating or observing the tide to see if there were any treasures.

When they saw Wang Xian taking out a water spirit pearl, some of them looked envious.

"It's... So far away. You can see it even from the ocean tide?"

Ming Huo and Yang Huo were a little dumbfounded.

"A water spirit pearl with a demigod Rank-8 is not even worth a single leaf of Military Merit!"

Wang Xian held the water spirit Pearl and placed it in a separate interspatial ring.

"I have found a level five demigod ice slurry!"

In less than five minutes, another piece of news came. Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and extended his arm again.

Whoosh! Whoosh

Soon, the level five demigod ice slurry appeared in his hand.

"I got another one. Damn, his eyes are so sharp!"

"This lord is someone who can enter the center of the ocean tide. His strength is at least seven wisps of divine fire. How can he not be powerful?"

A few people who were closer to Wang Xian said enviously when they saw that he had caught another treasure.

"We have discovered a water treasure at the peak of the demigod level!"

More than ten minutes later, the information of the treasure-seeking ant was transmitted over again.

This water treasure was relatively far away and was close to eternal thunderclap.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. With a wave of his arm, a claw instantly pierced through the space of a few hundred kilometers and grabbed the water treasure at the peak of the demigod level from the water.

"What? D * mn, how could those guys from the eternal divine leaves discover our treasure!"

At this moment, in the sky above the energy tide, a middle-aged man had already discovered the water treasure. He was filled with excitement and wanted to go and retrieve it.

However, before he could make a move, a claw grabbed it and flew towards the opposite direction. His expression changed drastically and he couldn't help but curse!

"Damn, this works? Isn't this heaven-defying?"

"Does he have any eye-bloodline techniques? He can even discover the treasures on the opposite side!"

"A peak-stage demigod water treasure. This is a good thing. It's very helpful in igniting the divine fire!"

Everyone in the surrounding area widened their eyes and revealed an incredulous expression.

It hasn't even been half an hour and you've already caught three treasures. What the hell, do you have to be so fast?

What was worse was that the water treasure was obtained from somewhere close to the Eternal Thunderbolt.

How did he discover it?

One had to know that even though an expert could see clearly at such a distance, it was impossible for a treasure to see the treasures within the ocean tide!

"This... I'm rich, I'm Rich!"

When Ming Huo Yang Huo saw this scene, he widened his eyes and revealed an extremely heated expression.

"Eh?"

At this moment, Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and a hint of surprise flashed across his face!

"The water snake sword that has discovered a wisp of divine fire!"

"There are so many treasures here!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with surprise. A divine sword that resembled a water snake was located at the center of the energy tide.

The water snake sword was only more than a meter long. It was difficult to discover it as it was located within the ocean tide.

His body moved, and he flew directly toward the center of the energy tide.

A divine artifact, he needed to do it himself!

"I can sense it, I can sense the aura of a divine artifact!"

At this moment, the two water-type gods in the surrounding area revealed extremely excited expressions.

Their bodies moved, and they flew directly to the sky above the energy tide, opening their eyes wide as they carefully sensed it.

Many people had their own techniques to search for treasures within this energy tide.

Some of the gods with the corresponding attributes could still sense the faint fluctuations of a divine fire divine artifact.

However, they weren't able to immediately find the exact location. After all, finding an item that was one or two meters in size within this vast energy tide was akin to finding a needle in a haystack!

"There's a divine weapon!"

At the opposite location of eternal thunderclap, some people were also flying towards the sky above the energy tide.

While they were carefully observing the energy tide, they were also vigilantly staring at some of the gods of the eternal divine leaf.

Whoosh

At this moment, Wang Xian had already arrived above the water snake sword and was casually fishing for a divine weapon with a wisp of divine fire.

The water snake sword that possessed spiritual energy wanted to attack Wang Xian, but it was easily subdued by him.

Holding the water snake sword in his hand, Wang Xian flew directly toward the shore.

"What?"

"How is this possible? What a fast speed!"

Everyone was still searching for the divine weapon. In the end, someone had already taken it away. This caused them to be astonished.

Regardless of whether it was the people from eternal thunderclap or the disciples of eternal divine leaf, all of them looked at Wang Xian in astonishment!

"I am fated to be with this treasure!"

Wang Xian saw that everyone around him was focusing their attention on him. He spoke faintly and entered everyone's ears.

I am fated to be with this treasure? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Who... who is he trying to fool?

Why am I not fated to be with this treasure?

Wang Xian flew to the shore and looked at the water snake sword in his hand. The sword radiance was flickering and revealed its sharpness. It was a good sword.

"One stroke of the water snake sword can make me a two-leaf military meritorious practitioner!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!