Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2068: 2068, I have a predestined relationship with this treasure 3

"This... that Lord has such a terrifying perception. Has It been an hour? He seems to have obtained quite a number of treasures!"

"He seems to be a water attribute cultivator with special abilities. It just so happens that it's the ocean tide now. That's why he was able to find so many treasures with such precision!"

On the north side of the energy tide, everyone had astonished looks on their faces when they saw Wang Xian holding the water snake sword artifact.

The two gods who flew above the energy tide had a change of expression as they flew back.

"This seems to be formed naturally. It should be a sword formed by a water snake due to special reasons. The universe is really magical!"

Wang Xian placed the water snake sword into his interspatial ring and stood there waiting quietly.

Time passed slowly once again. Some people in the surroundings would look over curiously from time to time.

"I have found a metal material of a demigod-level three!"

Whoosh

In less than ten minutes, the treasure-seeking ant sent a message. Wang Xian waved his arm and grabbed a piece of metal material that was located at the edge of the ocean tide.

Although the entire metal material was only at the level of a demigod-level three, it was about four to five cubic meters in size. If it was used to forge weapons, it could be used to forge dozens of pieces!

"He got another treasure? A metal material, and it's even at the level of a demigod!"

"Hiss, that Lord is so powerful. How long has it been? Ten Minutes? He got some more treasures!"

"Is this demigod-level material fated with him too?"

Wang Xian's consecutive acquisition of some treasures had already attracted the attention of many people.

When they saw that he got another piece of metal material ten minutes later, all of them widened their eyes slightly.

This was? Fate with the metal material?

Wang Xian's expression didn't change at all when he saw the astonishment of the people around him

He stood there quietly and didn't hide anything.

He couldn't hide such a situation either. Since he could hide it for one day and couldn't hide it for two days, he might as well not hide anything at all.

In any case, this treasure was fated to be with him.

In the next ten hours or so, he didn't encounter any divine artifact-level treasure.

However, there was a demigod-grade treasure every ten minutes or so.

It could be a weapon, material, water spirit pearl, or the like.

Even though Wang Xian did not obtain any more divine weapons, he kept obtaining treasures one after another, which left everyone dumbfounded.

Even some of the people from eternal thunderclap stared at him with embarrassed expressions.

When they saw the claw flying towards them, they immediately launched an attack!

However, in these ten hours, Wang Xian was completely famous.

In these ten hours, he obtained an average of six demigod-level treasures every hour. In these ten hours, these demigod-level treasures were worth a lot of money!

Very soon, news of this matter spread quickly.

More and more people came to this place and looked at the calm figure in front of them.

"Mu Xin, you've eaten too little. Eat a little more. If Lord Meng finds out that you're like this, his heart will ache. You're his only disciple. You Must Live Well!"

In a restaurant floating in the air on the northern side of the energy tide, Li Muyan, Meng muxin, and the others were sitting at the dining table.

Seeing that Meng muxin rarely ate, Li Muyan said with concern!

"Don't Worry!"

Meng muxin nodded and forced out a smile.

"It's a pity that Lord Meng's interspatial ring and God country were obtained by those damn guys. If these treasures were still there..."

"Damn it! Bang!"

Li Mulong frowned and said. Before he could finish his words, the young man slammed the table heavily and growled angrily.

"Fang Muqing, you should be more open-minded!"

Li Muyan whispered from the side.

"Have you heard? The God who obtained the supreme treasure is now exploring the treasure before the energy tide. He will obtain a demigod-level treasure at least every ten minutes. It seems that he has also obtained a divine weapon!"

"When I came back just now, that Lord was indeed quite powerful. In the past ten hours, he has obtained at least seventy or eighty demigod-level treasures, right?"

"He's simply too powerful. If he's always there, wouldn't he be making a Fortune?"

Right at this moment, a lively discussion rang out from within the restaurant!

"HM?"

When Fang Muqing heard the discussion, his eyes flashed with a cold light as he instantly stood up.

"Who's the person you're talking about?"

His gaze was cold as he questioned the people who had spoken just now, his body emitting an intense murderous aura.

"Oh? You Brat... Young Master Fang..."

The expressions of the middle-aged men who had spoken changed slightly when they heard his question. However, when they saw Fang Muqing's face, they immediately squeezed out a smile.

"Young Master Fang, it's that young man who obtained that Supreme Treasure Yesterday. It's him. He has obtained many treasures now!"

The middle-aged men immediately said.

"Let's go and take a look!"

Fang Muqing heard their words and said to Li Muyan and the others. Then, he walked straight towards the location of the energy tide.

Li Muyan, Li Mulong, and the others'faces were filled with doubt. After hesitating for a moment, they stood up and followed behind him.

"Hiss, young master fang seems to have some opinions about that Lord!"

"Of course he has opinions. His grandfather died because he was fighting for that treasure. Moreover, I heard that Lord Fang Tian was building a divine kingdom for young master Fang when he was alive. Once the divine kingdom is built and the divine fire is ignited to become a god, young master fang will be able to change from an in-name disciple to a disciple. This is that person's personal disciple. He has reached the sky in a single step!"

"With his talent, he is indeed qualified to be that Lord's disciple. Fang Shaoqing from the east is not called for nothing!"

Seeing Fang Muqing and the rest leaving, some people in the restaurant whispered among themselves.

"Eh? We finally encountered something good!"

In front of the energy tide, Wang Xian suddenly raised his eyebrows. Looking at the information in his mind, he revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

Whoosh

He immediately flew toward the center of the energy tide.

"Has this sir discovered a powerful treasure?"

"It must be. He has been using his energy claws to grab it. Now that he is flying over personally, it must be a powerful treasure. Could it be a divine artifact?"

The moment Wang Xian flew out, the people who had been watching him revealed a look of astonishment.

Splash

At this moment, everyone could hear the crisp sound of water flowing in front of the energy tide.

"That is? A divine weapon! Another divine weapon!"

Everyone looked towards the source of the sound and saw a two-meter-long wooden sailboat suddenly drilling out of the water from the energy tide.

The wooden sailboat was emitting a powerful divine glow and attracted everyone's attention! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"A divine artifact with at least four or five wisps of divine fire!"

A God's eyes lit up as he shouted loudly.

"What? A wooden sailboat with at least four or five wisps of divine fire appearing on the ocean tide?"

Fang Muqing and the others, who had just rushed over, immediately looked forward when they heard the voice!