Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2069: 2069 fate with this treasure 4

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

A wooden sailboat appeared above the ocean tide. It drilled out of the water and gave off a green luster!

The luster covered a radius of about ten kilometers, and it was exceptionally clear on the ocean tide!

A powerful divine artifact appeared, and the eye-catching divine light made everyone around look excited.

The gods with six or seven wisps of divine fire immediately flew towards the ocean tide.

On the opposite side, eternal shocking thunder and the other experts also flew towards the ocean tide.

"A wooden sailboat. This is definitely a powerful divine artifact for us wood attribute cultivators!"

When Fang Muqing saw the divine artifact on the ocean tide, his eyes revealed an incomparably hot expression.

Without any hesitation, he spread out his arms, and a wooden wing appeared on his back.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Thistle after Thistle sounded, and he flew into the energy tide at a terrifying speed.

As one of the top geniuses of the Eternal Thunderclap, even if he hadn't ignited the divine fire yet, his speed was still not slower than a god with a wisp of divine fire.

However, there were too many gods that were flying over. There were also quite a number of gods with six or seven wisps!

At the location of eternal thunderclap, there were even seven or eight god-level powerhouses with wisps of divine fire flying over!

"I'm sorry, everyone. I'm fated to have this treasure!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was the first to fly out, sensed that there were at least tens of thousands of people flying over from the front and behind. He raised his eyebrows and looked at the wooden sailboat that was only a few thousand meters away. He said faintly.

His voice spread across a radius of a few hundred kilometers. Every powerhouse who was flying in his direction could hear it clearly!

"F * ck off, you are fated to be with this treasure. Die!"

At the front, the five or six gods who were flying at the front heard Wang Xian's words. Their faces were filled with cold killing intent.

"The ultimate sound of Thunder!"

"Crack Crack Crack!"

An explosive sound was heard. It was as if the void had exploded. A bolt of lightning extended directly toward Wang Xian.

"Five bolts of lightning!"

"Crack!"

An attack came and another cold cry rang out. Five bolts of heavenly lightning covered the sky. Bolts of lightning that were at least 100 meters thick struck towards Wang Xian.

"Buzz!"

Wang Xian looked at the attacks one after another. A faint smile appeared on his face. His body shook.

A huge uninitiated holy wings appeared behind him. The wings flapped slightly and easily evaded the attacks.

At the same time, Wang Xian's palm turned into a dragon claw and clawed at the wooden sailboat below!

"Crash!"

The Dragon Claw held the sailboat. Wang Xian's wings fluttered slightly and left a trail as he flew toward the edge.

"Hehe, I've already said that I'm fated to obtain this treasure. Why are you all here to fight over it?"

The incorporeal holy wing trembled. Wang Xian's speed had reached a terrifying level. Before anyone could react, he returned to his original position.

A one-meter-long sailboat appeared in his hand and he sized it up carefully.

"A wood-type divine weapon with five wisps of Divine Fire!"

Wang Xian looked at the sailboat in his hand and muttered.

"Hiss, what a terrifying speed. Such speed, even a god with nine wisps of divine fire can't compare to it, right?"

"This... that divine weapon has been obtained by him again!"

"This speed is simply too terrifying. Is it because of the bone wings on his back? This divine weapon is at least at the level of nine wisps of divine fire, right?"

Everyone was shocked when they saw Wang Xian standing there quietly with the divine weapon in his hand.

"Damn it, don't let us meet you!"

The furious roars of the eternal thunderclap experts could be heard from the opposite side.

A divine weapon with five wisps of divine fire could be equivalent to a god with five wisps of divine fire when fully utilized.

"This speed is too fast!"

The group of gods from the eternal divine leaves flew back and looked at Wang Xian. Their eyes sparkled with astonishment.

They looked at the bone wings that were slowly disappearing behind Wang Xian. Their eyes were burning with passion.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Fang Muqing flew over and stared at Wang Xian with an embarrassed expression!

He stood in front of Wang Xian and stared at the spot behind him.

"Is this the treasure that my grandfather and the rest exchanged for with their lives?"

He stared at Wang Xian with a gloomy face and growled in a low voice.

Wang Xian glanced at him indifferently and ignored him. Instead, he studied the wooden sailboat in his hand.

Buzz

With a move of his hand, the wooden sailboat turned into a few thousand meters in size and floated in the air like a void ship.

There was a divine tree in the middle of the sailboat that was emitting a mystical luster.

It was a pretty good treasure!

"This divine artifact!"

The majestic wood-type vitality caused all the wood-type cultivators in the surroundings to reveal burning expressions on their faces.

Fang Muqing's gaze was attracted. Looking at the powerful energy contained within the sailboat, his breathing quickened.

"I want this treasure. Name a price!"

Fang Muqing immediately roared in a low voice.

"Fang Muqing wants to buy that divine artifact!"

"A divine artifact that looks like a sailboat is very rare. This divine artifact is very special. It definitely has a unique ability and is more valuable than other divine artifacts of the same level!"

"With Fang Muqing's strength and background, even if he buys it, he would probably go bankrupt, right?"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, they whispered among themselves.

"Wait, this lord, I also want to buy it!"

At this moment, another voice sounded.

"Oh?"

Fang Muqing was slightly stunned and immediately turned his head to look!

"It's Li Muli and the others!"

"Many of our eternal Thunderclap's heaven's favored sons have come. Li Muyan, Li Mulong, Meng muxin, Fang Muqing, and now even Li Muli, Yuan, and Fang Qing have come!"

Some of the youths were slightly shocked when they saw the youths walking over, and they whispered amongst themselves.

These people were all elites of their generation, elites that had suppressed their eastern region.

"Why are you all here! ?"

Meng muxin saw the few of them and frowned slightly. Clearly, the two sides were not on good terms!

"I'm here to comfort sister Muxin. I'm also here to look for some treasures!"

One of the women looked at Meng muxin mockingly.

"Sister Mu Xin, your master has fallen. I wonder when your divine kingdom will be completed. Don't tell me you're going to build a divine kingdom randomly!"

The woman continued to speak to Meng Muxin.

Meng muxin took a deep breath and turned his head to the side. He ignored her.

The woman felt bored when she saw Meng muxin ignoring him. She looked at the wooden sailboat in Wang Xian's hand with a burning gaze!

"Sir, may I know how much this divine weapon of yours is for Sale?"

He asked Wang Xian.

"Li Muli, Yuan fangqing, this divine weapon is mine!"

Fang Muqing looked at them and said with a cold expression.

"Shouldn't the competition be fair?"

Li Muli looked at Fang muqing indifferently.

"I'm in a bad mood. You guys better not provoke me!"

Fang Muqing stared at them with a stern expression.

"Fang Muqing, you're just that Lord's in-name disciple now. It's not certain if you can pass the assessment!"

"Especially after your grandfather died. So, don't think that you can threaten us!"

Li Muli stared at him coldly as well.

Wang Xian looked at the heaven's favorites of the eternal divine leaves who were at loggerheads with him and felt a little amused!

"This treasure is fated with you. I'll give it to you!"

He looked at Meng muxin slowly and directly floated the sailboat in his hand to her side.

"HMM?"

Wang Xian suddenly opened his mouth and gave the sailboat with five wisps of divine fire to Meng muxin. Everyone around was stunned and looked shocked!

What... was going on?