Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2070: 2070 was unbridled

"This... you..."

Not only did everyone around widen their eyes and revealed an astonished expression, even meng muxin was completely dumbfounded at this moment.

She looked at the sailboat floating in front of her and was slightly dazed.

What did he mean by this?

"What are you doing?"

Meng muxin looked at the sailboat which contained a majestic vitality. She took a deep breath and looked at Wang Xian in puzzlement.

"Yesterday, when I obtained the treasure, your master died because of this. Although we all have our own destinies, it still bought me some time!"

"Although I have joined the eternal divine leaf to compensate you, I feel sorry for you. Hence, I'll give it to you!"

Wang Xian said directly to her.

Meng muxin looked like a delicate lady. She didn't say a word even when she was being bullied.

She was a typical obedient lady!

Such a person would be at a disadvantage if he didn't have a strong strength or background.

No matter what, her master died because of the treasure in her hands. Wang Xian didn't even take a glance at a divine weapon with five wisps of divine fire.

When he obtained this divine weapon, he would either let the five elements grind him down or exchange it for military merits in the hall of military merits.

"You... I don't need your pity!"

When Meng Muxin heard Wang Xian's words, a hint of anger appeared on her small face!

"Take it. With my strength, I am still qualified to pity you!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly when he saw her slightly stubborn look!

The sailboat was floating in front of her just like that. Meng muxin's expression changed.

"Muxin, take it quickly. This is a divine weapon with five wisps of divine fire. It is even more precious than a divine kingdom!"

Li Muyan stared at the divine weapon with burning eyes and pushed Meng Muxin's body.

"Alright, I'll take it then!"

Meng Muxin's expression changed as she grabbed at the sailboat.

"Mu Xin, can you sell this divine weapon to me? After I pass the assessment, I..."

"You are not allowed to sell the things I gave you to others. In addition, I can help you build a divine kingdom, a divine kingdom, and a divine weapon. This will be your compensation!"

Fang Muqing's expression changed slightly when he saw Wang Xian giving the sailboat divine weapon directly to Meng muxin. He said to Meng muxin.

However, Wang Xian interrupted him before he could finish his sentence!

"You..."

Wang Xian's words caused Fang Muqing's expression to change drastically. He stared at Wang Xian with a dark expression.

"What compensation do you have for me?"

He clenched his fists slightly and growled in a low voice.

"You are not pitiful!"

Wang Xian glanced at him indifferently when he heard his words and said faintly.

"Are you provoking me?"

Fang Muqing raised his head abruptly. His eyes were slightly red as he glared at Wang Xian and growled with murderous intent.

"Hiss!"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.

Even some of the gods frowned when they saw this situation and did not say anything!

Fang Muqing and the rest were the favored ones of this generation. Some of them had backgrounds that ordinary gods would not dare to offend.

"Bang!"

"PFFT!"

However, Fang Muqing's figure was sent flying with a look of shock on everyone's face.

He spat out a mouthful of blood and his entire face was extremely pale.

The sound of bones breaking could be clearly heard by everyone.

"If there's a next time, you will directly become a corpse!"

Wang Xian's cold voice rang out.

"You..."

Upon seeing Wang Xian's attack, everyone in the surroundings revealed a shocked expression.

Even Li Muyan and the rest were staring at Wang Xian in shock.

He actually dared to injure Fang Muqing directly!

"This fang Muqing encountered a person who didn't have any scruples. He provoked at least seven divine flames before igniting the divine flames. It's normal for him to be severely injured, but it's also not normal!"

The expressions of some gods changed slightly when they saw this scene!

"It's forbidden to fight on our eternal divine leaf's side!"

An elder hesitated for a moment before speaking.

"I know!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly at the elder!

"Hiss!"

In front, Li Muli and the rest looked at Wang Xian with some fear. They didn't expect this god to dare to attack Fang Muqing.

No matter what, Fang Muqing was the in-name disciple of that Lord. He had quite a strong background.

Now, he had directly injured him. This... No one in the entire eternal divine leaf dared to be so unscrupulous!

"The treasure that is fated to be with me has appeared again. Everyone, don't Disturb Me!"

Wang Xian ignored the people around him. With a move of his palm, he grabbed towards the ocean tide.

"What? Another treasure has been found?"

Everyone around him was slightly stunned.

Crash

However, when they saw the energy claw flying towards them with a treasure in its hand, they had a look of seeing a ghost.

This damn treasure is fated to be with me too?

"You... JUST YOU WAIT!"

When Fang Muqing saw that Wang Xian ignored him completely, his pale face revealed a look of hatred.

He stood up and emitted a chilly aura as he flew towards the mainland with a solemn face.

Some people looked at Fang Muqing's expression as their eyes sparkled.

As the favored son of the heavens, Fang Muqing would definitely not give up just like that.

If the other party was one of the higher-ups of their eternal divine leaves, he might be protected. However, this god had only just joined the eternal divine leaves!

Some people felt a chill in their hearts as they looked at the mysterious young man.

In just one day, he had obtained two divine weapons. What was the reason?

As for the claim that he was fated with the treasure, no one believed it.

"You... you have to be careful of Fang Muqing. He has a very strong network!"

Meng muxin saw Fang Muqing leaving with a gloomy face and reminded Wang Xian.

"It's Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded at him.

"You can stay here. If you need any treasures, you can take them away!"

He continued to speak to Meng Muxin. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"This..."

"Sure, sure!"

Meng muxin wanted to hesitate, but Li Muyan quickly agreed on her behalf!

She touched Meng Muxin and gestured with her eyes!

"Okay!"

Meng muxin nodded and stood quietly at the side!

"Damn you, damn you!"

"You killed my grandfather and made me so embarrassed. I Won't let you off, I won't let you off!"

However, at this moment, in a luxurious mansion on the mainland, Fang Muqing growled with an incomparably savage face.

The entire mansion was shrouded by his haze. The surrounding handmaidens stood at the side with their heads lowered, shivering.

"You actually dared to hurt me. Just you wait, just you wait!"

He spoke with an incomparably malevolent expression as he entered the room and heavily closed the door.

"Hu hu!"

Standing in the middle of the room, he took a deep breath and took out a mirror.

"Buzz!"

"Fang Muqing, why are you looking for me? Your grandfather has fallen. Is there anything you can help me with?"

The mirror trembled slightly. A few seconds later, a middle-aged figure appeared in the mirror.

Behind the middle-aged man was a majestic palace. His slightly thin body made him look full of wisdom!