Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2071: 2071 killed one

"Greetings, senior brother!"

Fang Muqing saw the thin middle-aged man in the mirror and immediately called out respectfully!

His grandfather had once saved this middle-aged man, and because of this, he was able to talk to him.

"Just tell me what it is!"

The thin middle-aged man looked at him and said again.

"Senior brother, my grandfather died because of a supreme treasure. That treasure is now in the hands of a stranger!"

"Just now, he seriously injured me. I..."

Fang Muqing bowed slightly and said with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"I know about your grandfather, but all of this conforms to the rules of the eternal divine leaf. That person can enter the energy tide, so he should be no weaker than the seven wisps of Divine Fire!"

"Your grandfather has done me a favor. I will help you one last time and help you build a divine kingdom!"

The thin middle-aged man said to Fang Muqing expressionlessly.

"Senior brother, he seriously injured me just now. I want... I Want Revenge!"

Fang Muqing raised his head and said through gritted teeth with a cold expression on his face.

"Revenge? Don't even think about it. As long as he does things according to the rules of the eternal divine leaf, he can't do it. Even I can't do it!"

The thin middle-aged man said directly to him.

"I'll prepare some materials for you in the next few days. I'll send the Divine Kingdom to you in a few days. At the same time, I'll take a look at the biggest energy tide in the past 100,000 years!"

As he continued to speak, his figure disappeared from the mirror.

"Senior brother..."

When Fang Muqing heard the middle-aged man's words, an extremely embarrassed expression appeared on his face, and his body trembled slightly.

"No, I can't accept this, I can't accept this!"

Fang Muqing's expression was somewhat malevolent as he roared in a low voice.

"Yes, he killed a direct descendant of Eternal Shocking Thunder. If I were to tell Eternal Shocking Thunder about this news, the experts of Eternal Shocking Thunder would definitely take revenge!"

"But how can I tell them? I have no way..."

Fang Muqing's face was filled with malevolence as he roared. He couldn't find any means to take revenge.

...

"An extremely strange fellow appeared at the Eternal Divine Leaf. He was able to discover any treasure within the energy tide at the first possible moment. During these 20 hours, that fellow obtained a total of two divine artifacts and more than 100 demigod-level treasures!"

"During this period of time, we did not obtain a single treasure. This is the largest energy tide eruption in the past 100,000 years. The number of treasures is over 10 times more than before!"

At this moment, more than 10 great beings were floating in front of the energy tide on Eternal Thunderclap's side in the northern region. A middle-aged man said with a gloomy face.

"We can't go on like this. With that guy around, we won't be able to get any more powerful treasures. If we miss this opportunity, who knows how many years we'll have to wait!"

An old man said indifferently.

"That guy obtained the bone wing true treasure last time, and his speed is comparable to a peak God realm expert. It'll be very difficult for us to attack him unless we set up an ambush in advance!"

The middle-aged man glanced at the people beside him and said.

"Then we'll lie in ambush in the ocean tide and wait for him to make a move. As long as we surround him, we can easily kill him!"

An elder finally made his decision.

"Alright!"

Everyone nodded in agreement. With a slight movement, they flew downstream.

They wanted to enter the energy tide from another place. Instead, they came here and laid an ambush!

Fang Muqing didn't know that eternal thunderclap had noticed Wang Xian while he was thinking of killing him.

At this moment, Wang Xian was still floating quietly in front of the energy tide. From time to time, he would make a move to obtain one treasure after another.

"I've discovered six wisps of divine fire divine weapon, Heavenly Thunder Pearl!"

"I've discovered seven wisps of divine fire divine weapon, Heavenly Thunder Pearl!"

"I've discovered five wisps of divine fire divine weapon, Thunder Hammer!"

"...".

More than ten minutes later, the treasure-seeking ant suddenly sent one message after another.

After receiving the message, Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. A look of surprise appeared on his face.

However, when he saw the names of the divine artifacts and the location of the divine artifacts, he was slightly taken aback.

"What's going on? The divine artifacts didn't come out from the tidal black hole. Instead, they came from downstream. Their positions are still changing!"

"Heavenly Thunder Pearl, Thunder Hammer. No, this is the person from Eternal Shocking Thunder who is located in the ocean tide. What are they doing?"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling as he stared at the center of the ocean tide.

"Are they waiting for me? I didn't expect this treasure-seeking ant to have such an effect. Each of them has a powerful divine weapon in their hands. They should be top-notch experts from Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

He smiled and swept his gaze across all the places before he stood there quietly!

With his vigilance, Wang Xian continued to fish for treasures from time to time.

However, this time, he avoided the dozens of figures hidden in the ocean tides. Although he obtained fewer treasures, it didn't affect him too much.

Time passed slowly. Wang Xian stood there quietly for five days!

During these five days, he didn't step into the vicinity of the dozens of figures.

This also caused the dozens of experts from eternal thunderclap to frown slightly.

The other party had not moved for five days. They could not stay here forever?

They were the higher-ups of eternal shocking thunder here. There were still some matters that needed their attention.

In the next few days, Wang Xian sensed that the figures in the energy tide were decreasing one by one. Three days later, only five people were still inside.

In these eight days, Wang Xian obtained three more divine weapons. Although the level of the divine weapons was very low, the harvest was absolutely terrifying.

As for the demigod-level treasures, there were even more!

"Eh? Another one has left?"

At this moment, the information sent by the treasure-seeking ant stunned Wang Xian slightly.

In the ocean tide, there were only four figures who were still there.

These four figures were respectively two thunder hammers with five wisps of divine fire, one thunder pearl with five wisps of divine fire, and one thunder cloud with five Wisps of Divine Fire!

From the initial dozen figures, each of them had six or seven wisps of divine weapons in their hands. Now, there were only four of them left.

"These four are the weakest among the dozen or so people!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. However, even if they were the weakest, they should at least have the strength of seven wisps of divine fire to be able to stay in the ocean tide!

"But if it's just seven wisps of Divine Fire..." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. "Even if there are eight wisps of divine fire among them, I'm not afraid. Four of them can't surround me. I'm not afraid even if there are nine wisps of divine fire!"

He mumbled and slowly flew forward!

"Eh? What's going on? Did he encounter another divine weapon?"

Seeing Wang Xian flying in, Meng muxin, Li Muyan, and the rest were slightly stunned. Their eyes sparkled.

Every time he flew over, he would obtain a divine weapon!

"Lord duo Bao is on the move. Another divine weapon appeared?"

"Definitely. Lord duo Bao is too awesome. In the past eight days, the total number of demigod-level treasures in his hands is equivalent to four to five divine weapons, right?"

In the surrounding area, everyone was moved once again when they saw Wang Xian flying into the energy tide!