Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2072: 2072 killed 2

A total of five divine weapons were obtained in eight days. All the demigod-level treasures added together were comparable to four to five divine weapons.

Therefore, during this period of time, the people around them called him Lord Treasure.

Having many treasures meant having many treasures.

"Are there more divine weapons?"

In eight days, even some of the powerhouses of the eternal divine leaf knew about Wang Xian.

A few gods with eight wisps of divine fire gathered together and stared at Wang Xian's location with sparkling eyes.

Speaking of which, they were extremely envious of Wang Xian for obtaining such a treasure.

If they had such abilities, wouldn't they be rich?

"I wonder what divine weapon it is?"

Everyone stared at the figure as he flew into the energy tide.

"Four people. Two of them are at the level of seven wisps of divine fire. Two of them have ignited eight wisps of divine fire!"

Wang Xian flew above the energy tide and activated his yin-yang five elemental dragon eyes. Four figures appeared in his line of sight.

The corner of his mouth curled up slightly. How could the treasures in the energy tide be as valuable as these four treasures.

As long as he killed all of them, he would obtain at least four divine weapons with five wisps of divine fire.

"I can't let them escape!"

Wang Xian moved his body and jumped directly into the energy tide.

"Four people dare to assassinate me? Prepare to die!"

He stared at the four figures hidden under the energy tide with a murderous look on his face.

More than a dozen people were hiding in the surroundings. With Wang Xian's strength, he wouldn't dare to barge into this place rashly even if he had the inoriginator holy wings.

But now, he wasn't afraid even if there were two gods with eight wisps of divine fire!

Whoosh

As he entered the energy tide, Wang Xian immediately felt that his movements were somewhat hindered and his attack power was reduced.

As the divine wings of the beginning were unfurled, all the resistance disappeared.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and locked his gaze on a god with seven wisps of divine fire!

Buzz

His body trembled slightly and Wang Xian's figure instantly appeared about a kilometer away from the god with seven wisps of divine fire.

"Damn it, could it be that our luck isn't Good? There haven't been any powerful divine weapons to attract him over the past seven to eight days? That shouldn't be the case!"

At this moment, the middle-aged man who was sitting cross-legged in the depth of 100,000 meters in the energy tide was looking around in boredom.

At the beginning, all the top-tier experts of eternal thunderclap had gathered around and were waiting for their prey.

They didn't expect that the other party hadn't come over for seven or eight days, so they couldn't stay here forever. Some of them had returned to the Thunder continent to deal with some matters.

However, they still left four people here.

Two seven-wisp divine fire gods and two eight-wisp divine fire gods.

According to their estimations, the guy who obtained the bone wings might have ignited seven wisps of divine fire, or he might have ignited eight wisps of divine fire.

However, even if he had the strength of eight wisps of divine fire, they could still leave him behind!

However, at this moment, a terrifying aura completely enveloped him.

The middle-aged man's expression changed, and he hurriedly turned his head to look to the left!

At this moment, a look of horror appeared on his face.

The young man with the bone wings attacked at a terrifying speed!

"PFFT!"

The Dragon Claw grabbed his body instantly. With a gentle pinch, he killed him instantly.

"Whoosh!"

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. His gaze was fixed on the other God with seven wisps of divine fire.

The four gods were positioned in all directions. They were all within each other's senses.

After Wang Xian had caught a god by surprise and killed him, he had to act as soon as possible. Otherwise, he would be discovered very quickly.

Buzz

The uninitiated holy wings were flapped. The energy tide did not affect Wang Xian at all.

The speed of a God at the peak of the godly state was not something that the god of seven wisps of divine fire could react to.

"What? You Are..."

When the old man sensed the intention beside him, he turned his head and saw an incomparably huge dragon claw attacking him.

His expression changed drastically as he exclaimed. Before he could finish his sentence, he was grabbed by Wang Xian.

Buzz

The invisible destructive force landed on his body, causing him to die instantly.

"Not good, something's happening!"

At this moment, the middle-aged man's voice immediately attracted the attention of the other two elders.

When they saw Wang Xian's Dragon Claw killing one of his companions in an instant, a look of shock and anger appeared on their faces.

"Damn it, he actually dared to launch a sneak attack on us!"

The expression of an elder with eight wisps of divine fire changed slightly. When he saw Wang Xian attacking him, he immediately raised the Thunder Hammer in his hand!

Crack! Crack! Crack

A terrifying power of thunder and Lightning was formed in the ocean tide. The Thunder prison covered an area of 100 kilometers!

"Wrath of Thunder!"

He let out a furious roar and streaks of thunder and lightning attacked Wang Xian directly.

Buzz

Wang Xian saw streaks of thunder and lightning attacking him, but his speed was still at its maximum.

In front of him, a pattern of yin and yang poles was floating slowly, blocking the attacks of the streaks of thunder and lightning.

"Eight wisps of divine fire. This guy has the strength of eight wisps of divine fire. Lei Shan, come and help him!"

When the old man saw Wang Xian easily blocking his attack, his expression changed slightly. He immediately shouted loudly.

"Thundercloud Chains!"

The Heavenly Thunder Pearl above the head of the other old man spun. A chain flew out from the Heavenly Thunder Pearl and attacked Wang Xian directly!

"You Dare to assassinate us? Let's stay here today!"

"Divine kingdom, Heavenly Thunder Domain suppression. I want that treasure of yours!"

The elder held the Thunder Hammer in his hand. His face revealed an extremely sinister expression. The Divine Kingdom instantly appeared at the back.

The divine kingdom that was over ten million kilometers immediately emerged from the ocean tide.

He raised the Thunder Hammer in his hand high. Numerous majestic and terrifying bolts of lightning fell from the divine kingdom into the Thunder Hammer.

The entire thunder hammer was like a hammer that could destroy the world. It struck heavily at Wang Xian who was flying over.

The sudden appearance of a scene in the ocean tide shocked everyone in the northern and eastern regions.

Especially those who were watching lord duo Bao capturing the divine weapon from the edge. When they saw the sudden appearance of the Divine Kingdom of thunder, their expressions changed drastically.

"Oh no, duo Bao is under Attack!"

"Eternal Shocking Thunder's people are ambushing him. Damn it, those despicable fellows!"

The expressions of the top-tier eternal divine leaf experts who had been stunned by this scene changed slightly. They immediately flew into the sky.

"Hahaha, it's been eight days. We've finally waited for that fellow. In the end, that treasure still belongs to our Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

A maniacal laughter came from the opposite side. Immediately, the seven or eight eternal shocking thunder experts who had received the news flew directly into the ocean tide.

Their faces were filled with an extremely heated expression.

"It seems like that treasure is fated to be with our Eternal Thunderclap!"

A slightly mocking voice continued to ring out.

They were returning this sentence to Wang Xian!

"Oh no!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When Meng muxin, Li Muyan, and the rest saw this scene, their expressions changed instantly.

Their eyes were fixed on the ocean tide.

"Oh? A battle has happened!"

However, at this moment, in front of the divine leaf continent's teleportation array, Fang Muqing stood respectfully in front of the array.

A phantom slowly materialized.

The moment he appeared, he sensed the power of the ocean tide and slightly narrowed his eyes!