Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2073: 2073 killed 3

"Senior brother!"

Fang Muqing stood in front of the skinny middle-aged man and called out respectfully.

"Come, let's go and see if Eternal Shocking Thunder's group is courting death!"

The middle-aged man waved his arm and a wooden raft appeared beneath him. The raft caught Fang Muqing and instantly flew towards the edge of the energy tide.

"This time, Lord Treasure is in danger. I didn't expect Eternal Shocking Thunder to be so despicable, to actually set up an ambush there!"

"They must have used despicable methods when they saw that Lord Treasure had obtained so many treasures and divine artifacts!"

The middle-aged man led Fang Muqing to the edge, and voices immediately entered his ears.

"Eh?"

The middle-aged man looked into the energy tide and turned to look at Fang Muqing when he heard the discussions around him.

"Who is that treasure?"

He asked.

"Senior brother, that treasure is the one who obtained the treasure. I don't know what kind of strange technique he has to be able to accurately see the energy tide!"

"In the past few days, he has obtained quite a few divine artifacts. The rest of the treasures added together are no less than four or five divine artifacts!"

Fang Muqing said through gritted teeth.

"Oh? Is That So?"

The middle-aged man raised his eyebrows and revealed a bewildered expression.

To have obtained so many divine weapons in the past few days, not to mention Fang Muqing, even he was astonished and a little envious.

"He has even used his divine kingdom!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the energy tide, saw the eight wisps of Divine Flames released their domain directly. A cold expression appeared on his face.

"I have to give it my all!"

His gaze swept across the area opposite him. When he saw the mighty figure of the eternal thunderclap flying towards him, his wings trembled violently.

Buzz

The speed of the uninitiated holy wings was unleashed to its limit. Wang Xian stared at the Thunder Hammer that was attacking him and drew a line in the air.

The God of the eight divine flames would unleash his full strength in the energy tide. It would be greatly weakened by the powerful impact of the ocean tide.

The Yin and yang patterns on Wang Xian's body rotated slowly. A Yin-yang five elements alms bowl appeared around him.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack

The terrifying power of thunder and lightning landed on the Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, producing a strong sound of collision.

"Keke, break for me!"

The god of the eight wisps of divine fire stared at Wang Xian with a grim expression. He held the Thunder Hammer with his other hand.

Boom, crack crack crack

Even more explosive lightning appeared on his Thunder Hammer.

However, at this moment, Wang Xian was only a thousand meters away from him.

"This is the time!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Wang Xian, who had also unleashed his full strength, shot out a cold killing intent from his eyes. His figure was flickering with light and darkness!

"Go to hell!"

The god of eight Wisps of divine fire roared furiously. An incomparably huge bolt of lightning struck towards him.

Buzz

Wang Xian flapped his primaless holy wings violently and burst out at full speed!

The lightning struck his body and passed right through him.

"PFFT!"

The next moment, while the eight wisps of Divine Fire God were stunned, a blood-red longsword penetrated his head!

An aura that was filled with annihilation extended to his entire body.

His eyes were wide open and filled with disbelief.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and his entire divine kingdom was absorbed into the mother nest.

"What!"

"Damn it, you actually killed Thunderbolt!"

At this moment, an extremely furious voice came from behind. When the old man saw his companion being killed so quickly, his eyes were filled with intense fear.

Someone of the same level as him was actually killed so easily.

"His speed... is so terrifying!"

Very soon, the old man stared at the uninitiated holy wings behind Wang Xian and his expression changed.

The bone wings could actually make him move so quickly in the ocean tide. This... He wasn't affected at all in the ocean tide.

With such a disparity, it was no wonder he was able to kill experts of the same level.

No wonder he dared to come and attack them.

He was relying on the bone wings!

"This is an ultimate treasure. I must keep him here today. Otherwise, it will be difficult to catch him in the ocean tide!"

"I have to pin him down and wait for the Thunder Demon and the rest to come over!"

The old man's mind was filled with thoughts.

Crash

In an instant, countless lightning chains flew out from the heavenly lightning bead and wrapped around Wang Xian.

"Haha, it was worth it to kill three of them!"

Wang Xian saw the lightning chains attacking him. He flapped his incipient saint wings and easily dodged the chains.

With his speed, the attacks of the eight divine flames couldn't even reach him in the ocean tide.

He looked up and drilled out of the ocean tide!

"I got three more treasures. Not Bad, not bad!"

After flying out of the ocean, he looked at Eternal Shocking Thunder and the other gods who were flying over. He laughed out loud.

"Senior brother Thunder Demon, catch him. He attacked us just now. Thunder and the others were killed by him!"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, Lei Shan's body flew out from the ocean tide. He shouted with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"What?"

At this moment, when the gods who were flying over heard Lei Shan's voice, their faces froze slightly and their eyes widened.

What was going on?

Weren't they the ones who were lying in ambush and preparing to attack that fellow?

Why was it that the other party was the one who was attacking them now? Furthermore, there were three gods who were killed by him!

This...

What was going on!

"Damn it, could it be that he has discovered our ambush!"

A middle-aged man's face turned ashen. He immediately roared, "Stop him!"

Seven to eight gods with at least seven wisps of divine fire flew towards Wang Xian.

"Crash!"

Wang Xian floated in the air and flapped his bone wings. A mocking smile appeared on his face.

"Do you think you can stop me with just the two of you?"

He turned around slowly and flew towards the direction of the eternal divine leaf.

"Thunderspace Thunderstorm!"

The God who was at the center of the nine Wisps of divine fire had a ashen face. He roared and lightning appeared beneath his feet.

Boom

The lightning beneath his feet exploded with a loud bang. His speed had reached a terrifying level.

With every step he took, the sound of a thunderstorm rang beneath his feet.

His speed was extremely terrifying.

Wang Xian sensed the speed of the old man and raised his eyebrows slightly. He unleashed the uninitiated holy wings at full speed.

Crash

In an instant, the distance between them was easily pulled apart.

Behind them, Eternal Thunderclap's group chased after them with an embarrassed look on their faces.

"What... What's going on? It's not eternal Thunderclap's people ambushing lord duo Bao, but Lord duo Bao attacking them?"

"Hiss, F * ck, F * CK, F * ck, Lord duo Bao Killed Three Eternal Thunderclap's peerless experts. He's simply too powerful!"

At this moment, the people from eternal divine leaf's side in the eastern region heard the voices coming from the front, and all of them revealed shocked expressions.

It wasn't Lord duo Bao who had been ambushed, but Lord duo Bao who had gone to kill them.

"No wonder lord duo Bao hasn't flown into the ocean tide in the past few days. He's been waiting for an opportunity!"