Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2074: 2074 killed 4 forcefully

"What a fast speed. He is at the peak of the godly state. Even master's speed is only so-so!"

On a wooden raft in front of the ocean tide of the eastern region, the thin middle-aged man looked at Wang Xian who was flying towards him. He revealed a look of shock.

Such speed was definitely at the peak of the godly state.

Speed was also a part of one's strength. Moreover, it was an extremely important part!

"Is that bone wing that treasure?"

The middle-aged man asked Fang Muqing beside him with a burning gaze.

"That's right, senior brother. It's this treasure. It's all because of this bone wing that he can possess such terrifying speed!"

Fang Muqing said with a burning expression as well.

"Damn it, you killed three of our experts. Don't even think about escaping!"

In front of the ocean tide, eternal thunderclap and the rest of the powerhouses were chasing after Wang Xian.

However, Wang Xian had already entered the eternal divine leaves'side. He sensed the group of people chasing after him and raised his eyebrows.

"Those bastards from Eternal Thunderclap actually dared to enter our territory. Attack!"

When the powerhouses from eternal divine leaves saw that they dared to enter their territory, their faces turned cold.

They immediately went up to them and attacked the eternal thunderclap's powerhouses who had stepped into their territory.

"Damn it, damn you guys!"

When they saw the eternal divine leaves'powerhouses charging over, they looked extremely embarrassed.

"Hehe, your speed is a little slow!"

Wang Xian stopped and said mockingly to the Eternal Thunderclap's powerhouses.

"You're courting death!"

Eternal Shock Lightning and the rest of the experts stopped in their tracks as well. They roared with gloomy faces.

A God with seven wisps of divine fire raised the Thunder Hammer in his hand furiously and hacked at Wang Xian's position.

Clang

Wang Xian waved his arm and the dragon blood sword in his hand blocked the lightning bolt.

"How dare you be so arrogant after entering the area of our eternal divine leaves!"

"Thorn of Death, Bloom!"

At this moment, a cold voice rang out.

In the air, under the attack of the seven wisps of Divine Fire God, a green flower of thorns appeared beneath his feet.

Before the middle-aged man could react, the flower of thorns bloomed!

"Hua La!"

A weak sound rang out, and the blooming flower of thorns enveloped the middle-aged man.

Everything happened in an instant, and the middle-aged man was directly enveloped by the Thorn Flower.

He didn't even let out a scream.

"What! ?"

"It's the Thorn of death, Retreat!"

The faces of everyone from Eternal Shocking Thunder changed drastically, and the old man in the middle shouted out with a gloomy face.

His gaze was fixed on the thin middle-aged man who had attacked, and his expression was incomparably ugly!

"Thorn of death, it's Li Jinghong!"

The old man stared at the thin middle-aged man and shouted with a gloomy face!

"If you want to step into our area, you'll have to pay a price!"

Li Jinghong, who was on the wooden raft, stared at the middle-aged man and said indifferently!

"HMPH, a god with eight wisps of divine fire still dares to be so arrogant!"

The old man coldly snorted when he heard his words. He turned his head around with an ugly expression and directly left.

Regardless of whether it was their side or the other side, there was an array set up by the eternal God Lord, so they didn't dare to go deep.

"That's enforcer Li. I didn't expect him to come!"

"This lord actually came here too. I reckon it won't be long before the Lords of our Eternal Divine Leaf Grand Elder Council also come!"

"With one move, he directly killed a god of seven wisps of divine fire under the eyes of eternal shocking thunder and the other experts. As expected of that Lord's disciple. It's too terrifying!"

Everyone's gazes were fixed on Li Jinghong on the wooden raft, their faces filled with reverence.

"Enforcer Li, I didn't expect you to actually come!"

The top-tier eternal divine leaf experts who were suppressing this place flew towards him and greeted him with smiles on their faces.

"Hehe, this is the largest energy tide in over a hundred thousand years. I came over out of curiosity to take a look and settle some matters at the same time!"

Li Jinghong looked at the group of experts and replied with a smile.

"With enforcer Li around, we will have a much easier time!"

A God with nine wisps of divine fire said with a smile.

"This little brother has quite the guts. He actually dared to attack the experts of Eternal Thunderclap!"

Li Jinghong turned his head and looked at Wang Xian who was not far away. His gaze lingered on the bone wings for a few seconds! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"They want to ambush me. Naturally, I have to retaliate!"

Wang Xian also sized up Li Jinghong and said with a smile.

Li Jinghong's strength was definitely at the top among the eight wisps of divine flames. His attack method was very strong.

"He's just relying on the bone wings!"

Fang Muqing said coldly when he heard Wang Xian's words.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian glanced at him indifferently and ignored him. Instead, he returned to the front of the energy tide and looked ahead quietly.

"That bone wing is indeed extraordinary. It seems to be able to reach the speed of the peak of the godly state without being affected by the energy tide!"

"However, since this bone wing has been obtained by him and he has joined our eternal divine leaf, that treasure will belong to him. This is the rule set by the Master God!"

The elders beside Li Jinghong frowned slightly as they spoke.

No one dared to disobey the rule set by the Lord God.

And this rule was also to recruit more experts to join their eternal divine leaf.

"En!"

Li Jinghong nodded.

"Enforcer Li, do you want to go back to the main hall and rest for a while?"

The elders asked Li Jinghong.

"No, I'll stay here and take a look. You guys go ahead!"

Li Jinghong shook his head at them.

"Okay, okay!"

The elders nodded. Even if some of them were stronger than Li Jinghong, they still respected him very much.

All of this was because Li Jinghong had a master!

A master that they needed to revere!

"Senior brother, let's..."

Fang Muqing saw his senior brother standing motionlessly on the wooden raft and called out in puzzlement.

"I want to verify something!"

Li Jinghong's eyes sparkled with wisdom. He stood there motionlessly!

Buzz

In less than twenty minutes, he saw Wang Xian making a move. An energy dragon claw clawed at the Ocean Tide!

"Another treasure found?"

Fang Muqing looked over with endless envy.

"Senior brother, he can obtain a treasure in the energy tide every 10 to 20 minutes. Occasionally, he can even obtain a divine weapon!"

Fang Muqing said with incomparable envy.

Just as he said, a treasure at the level of a demigod was clawed over by the energy claw!

"How did he sense it?"? The energy within the ocean tide was surging. It was impossible for a demigod treasure to sense it. He could only rely on his eyes. However, I didn't sense any changes in his pupils. If it wasn't his eyes, then what could it be?"

"It could be the bone wings hidden behind his back!"

He muttered in his heart as a hint of greed flashed in his eyes.