Chapter 2075: 2075 killed 5

Li Jinghong didn't care about ordinary treasures at all. However, a treasure that could allow a god who had ignited eight wisps of divine fire to burst forth with the speed of a peak godly state was something he coveted.

Although it was scorching hot, he knew that some rules couldn't be touched.

However, if such a treasure could clearly sense all the treasures within the energy tide, it would be different!

Li Jinghong stood there and quietly pondered.

Time slowly passed. During this time, he saw the young man, who was known as a treasure-hunter, attack time and time again. Each time he attacked, he would obtain a treasure.

Although these treasures were not in his eyes, if there were more of them, then it would be different.

If he stayed in this energy tide for a few decades, wouldn't the treasures he obtained be comparable to a few dozen years of divine artifacts, or even a few hundred divine artifacts?

One divine weapon was enough to buy a planet!

"A divine weapon with two wisps of Divine Fire!"

Two hours later, another piece of information appeared in Wang Xian's mind. When he saw this piece of information, a smile appeared on his face.

Another divine weapon!

Whoosh

His body moved and flew directly into the energy tide.

"Lord duo Bao has made his move again!"

"If he doesn't make his move, then so be it. Once he makes his move, he will either be using a divine weapon or killing the god of Eternal Thunderclap!"

When some people nearby saw Wang Xian flying over, their eyes were filled with burning passion.

"That fellow is making his move again!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

At the opposite location, the fact that someone from the eternal divine leaf could clearly lock onto the treasures in the energy tide had already been known by everyone.

When they saw Wang Xian flying over, they stared at him with an awkward expression.

This time, no one attacked Wang Xian.

After witnessing Wang Xian's terrifying speed, eternal thunderclap completely dismissed the idea of ambushing him.

Now that they saw him flying towards the center of the energy tide, it must be due to the existence of the treasure. Naturally, his expression did not look good.

Splash

At this moment, many people saw Wang Xian flying out with a water spirit pearl in his hand.

The water spirit pearl emitted an extremely powerful divine glow. On it, there was a spiritual creature that looked like a fish that was wandering around.

"Divine weapon!"

"A divine level treasure!"

Upon seeing this scene, everyone was slightly shocked.

"As expected, it's another divine weapon. If lord treasure were to stay in this energy tide for a few more years, I reckon that no one in the entire eternal divine leaf would be richer than him!"

"It's too powerful. If I have this kind of energy, I will keep the treasures that I can use. I will exchange the rest of the treasures for military merits. I will get Lord Divine Leaf to guide me in my cultivation!"

When the people from the eternal divine leaf saw the divine weapon in Wang Xian's hand, they were all burning hot.

Li Jinghong, who was standing on the wooden raft, trembled. His breathing was a little hurried.

"I didn't use any eye-bloodline techniques. With the strength of eight wisps of divine fire, I definitely couldn't sense the treasure in the depths of the energy tide. It must be because of that bone wing!"

"That bone wing itself came from the energy tide. It's very likely that it can sense the existence of some treasures!"

Li Jinghong kept pondering in his heart.

This speed of obtaining treasures was too terrifying. If he stayed here for a few decades and gave all the treasures he obtained to God Lord Shenye, God Lord Shenye would probably be moved to accept him as his personal disciple!

There was also a possibility that the divine leaf god Lord would take the bone wings for himself.

"Not to mention the speed that the bone wings can increase, just this ability alone would tempt anyone. It's no wonder that Fang Muqing is so angry!"

His eyes sparkled as he looked at Fang Muqing!

"What did you say last time that he injured you?"

Li Jinghong asked him indifferently.

"Senior brother, I. . . I didn't say anything. At that time, I said that I wanted to buy that bone wing, but he wasn't willing. Later, some of my words angered him and made him directly attack. He didn't have any scruples and didn't give me any face at all!"

Fang Muqing replied with an embarrassed expression.

"Do you know where he comes from and his background?"

Li Jinghong continued to ask.

"I checked, but there's no information. I only know that a disciple said that he flew over from the northern region. However, he dared to kill Eternal Shocking Thunder's direct disciple and expert. He can't be someone from Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

"Maybe he has some enmity with Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

Fang Muqing said with a gloomy face.

He also wanted to take revenge, but there was nothing he could do.

"A god with no background? That would be easier!"

Li Jinghong hesitated as he pondered over the situation.

Just as he was thinking, he sensed that the young man had obtained another treasure!

"Let's go back!"

Li Jinghong said to Fang Muqing, and the wooden raft flew toward a mansion on the divine leaf continent.

"Senior brother, drink some tea!"

When they arrived at the manor, Fang Muqing respectfully poured a cup of tea and placed it on the table!

"Bang Bang!"

Li Jinghong knocked on the table without saying anything, and his face revealed a thoughtful expression.

Seeing that his senior brother didn't say anything, Fang Muqing quietly stood to the side.

"Tomorrow, you go and provoke that young man. It's best if you can make him attack you!"

Li Jinghong suddenly said to Fang Muqing.

"Oh? Senior brother, anger... senior brother, you mean to anger that young man... senior brother, do you want it?"

Fang Muqing's body shook, and his face revealed an extremely excited expression.

"After I get the bone wings, I will help you build a powerful divine kingdom and support you to become master's personal disciple. How about it? Junior Brother!"

Li Jinghong looked at him and said indifferently!

Build a powerful divine kingdom!

Support him to become master's personal disciple with all his might!

Junior brother!

Fang Muqing revealed an extremely excited expression when he heard his senior brother's words. Even though he was the proud son of heaven who suppressed a region with the eternal divine leaves, he still couldn't suppress the excitement and excitement in his heart.

"In the past, senior brother never called him junior brother because he was only an in-name disciple after all. Whether he could pass the test or not was uncertain!"

"But now, with senior brother's full support, I can definitely become a personal disciple...".

Fang Muqing's heart was burning with passion, and his mind was full of thoughts.

"Senior brother, I know what to do!"

Fang Muqing said loudly with a face full of excitement.

"Such a treasure can not fall into the hands of outsiders!"

Li Jinghong's eyes were shining. "You go over first tomorrow. I'll watch over here!"

As an eternal divine leaf law enforcer, he knew that his actions had broken the rules!

Breaking the rules, even if he was that Lord, Lord Palm Technique's disciple, he still had to be punished!

He couldn't let himself appear suspicious!

"If you don't succeed, you know what to do!"

Li Jinghong said to him.

"Don't worry, senior brother. Many people know about my conflict with him last time. I know what to do!"

Fang Muqing nodded heavily.

He knew what he should do and what method his senior brother was going to use!