Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2076: 2076 killed 6

"Another treasure. I wonder how many treasures lord duo Bao has obtained!"

"Yesterday, Lord duo Bao killed three eternal thunderclap experts, including two seven-strand divine flames and one eight-strand divine flames. Now, Lord duo Bao's military merits have reached at least seven leaves, which is higher than most of our lords'military merits!"

"If he takes out all the treasures in his hands, he should be able to reach eight leaves of military merits, right?"

In front of the energy tide, some people looked at the figure at the edge and whispered.

In yesterday's battle, he killed three eternal thunderclap experts, and his reputation spread across the entire divine leaf continent.

Towards this lord duo Bao who suddenly appeared, they were filled with respect and admiration.

"In the future, if this lord duo Bao completely turns his military achievements into his personal honor, the Lord God Lord will definitely give him a very high position!"

"Perhaps in a few hundred years or a few thousand years, he will be able to enter the core of our eternal divine leaf. After all, the bone wings on his body and the treasures in his hands are too abnormal!"

In front of the divine leaf continent, Fang Muqing flew towards the front of the energy tide with an expressionless face.

He looked at the figure who was standing there arrogantly. Jealousy and anger flashed in his eyes.

People were talking about him. He turned around, his eyes shining.

"Master treasure has the ability to explore treasures in the energy tide. Maybe he will become the highest commander of this area in the future!"

More people were talking. Hearing them, his face became more and more embarrassed.

Just as everyone had expected, all of this was very possible.

Although he was the most outstanding heaven's favorite of Eternal Divine Leaf's generation, he hadn't ignited the divine fire yet. In front of those seven or eight wisps of divine fire, he was still a weak junior.

In eternal divine leaf, the value of a Peerless Heaven's favorite was at most comparable to five or six wisps of divine fire. There was still a big gap between his status and that of a true expert.

That figure could already be said to be a top-tier expert in the eternal divine leaf.

In addition to his current military merits and treasures, his future was limitless!

"If it weren't for you, my grandfather wouldn't have fallen and made me so embarrassed. I may not be able to do anything to you, but that doesn't mean that other people can't

"Very soon, you will feel regret and regret!"

Fang Muqing mumbled. He kept his expression and walked towards the figure!

"This is a wood-elemental treasure. The treasure you used to create your divine kingdom is almost complete!"

At the edge of the energy tide, Wang Xian took a look at the treasure he had just obtained and passed it to Meng muxin!

"Thank you!"

Meng muxin nodded heavily and revealed a smile.

Over the past few days, the treasures given to him by this young man in front of her were enough for her to build a powerful divine kingdom.

In addition to the five wisps of divine fire on the sailboat, even his former master wouldn't be able to come up with such a treasure.

After all, many gods with seven or eight wisps of divine fire didn't have such a divine weapon.

Wang Xian shook his head lightly. He didn't like to owe people favors. He had repaid this favor.

"You have given Meng Muxin so much compensation. Don't you want to give me some compensation too?"

Suddenly, a voice sounded. Fang Muqing walked over slowly. He stared at Wang Xian and asked faintly.

"Huh?" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Meng muxin, Li Muyan, and the rest looked over and revealed a stunned expression.

This Fang Muqing was a little thick-skinned and unwilling.

However, it made sense when they thought about it. Fang Muqing was naturally unwilling to accept this matter.

"Get out of my sight!"

When Wang Xian heard these words and saw Fang Muqing who was walking ten meters in front of him, he shouted coldly with an expressionless face.

Some people were worthy of sympathy while others were not.

"Wang Xian, you should know that my grandfather died because of that treasure on you. You gave Meng Muxin so many treasures as compensation. Shouldn't you give me some compensation?"

Fang Muqing said with a slightly ferocious expression.

"Hehe, you are not worthy!"

Wang Xian said to him faintly, "I will give you three seconds to get out of my sight!"

"What if I don't get out? You will obtain the bone wings. Through the powerful ability of the bone wings, you will be able to explore the treasures in the energy tide!"

"Now that you have obtained so many divine weapons, shouldn't you compensate me?"

Fang Muqing stood there without any fear as he stared at Wang Xian with bloodshot eyes!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard his words. A cold smile appeared on his face.

He didn't expect Fang Muqing to have such thoughts.

Using the uninitiated holy wings to search for treasures?

"Three seconds are up!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and a powerful force landed on Fang Muqing's body.

"PFFT!"

In an instant, Fang Muqing was like an ant in front of him. He flew to the side and spat out blood!

Wang Xian ignored him completely.

Although it was forbidden to make a move here, the group of top-notch experts would not say anything even if Wang Xian made a move.

It was just a lesson from an elder to a junior!

"What... What is going on? Did Fang Muqing Offend Lord duo Bao Again?"

"He was injured during the previous clash with Lord duo Bao. This time, he actually dared to come again. Even though he is an extremely powerful god's favored son, he can not be compared to the eight wisps of Divine Fire God!"

Some of the people around were slightly shocked when they saw Wang Xian attacking Fang Muqing again!

"Let me guess correctly!"

Fang Muqing felt the intense pain in his body. A ferocious look appeared on his face as he shouted sternly.

"Just you wait. Two attacks and two humiliations. In the future, I, Fang Muqing, will definitely not let you off!"

"When I become the disciple of master palm technique, you should be prepared for my revenge!"

His eyes were filled with killing intent as he growled at Wang Xian.

"This Fang Muqing..."

When Meng Muxin and the rest saw Fang Muqing's expression, they frowned slightly.

"Are you threatening me?"

When Wang Xian saw Fang Muqing's undisguised threat, a hint of killing intent flashed across his face.

It had been a long time since anyone dared to threaten him!

Anyone who threatened me would have to pay a heavy price!

Wang Xian slowly raised his palm and a five-colored dragon claw instantly condensed!

"I warned you last time. If you don't want to die, don't provoke me!"

"Since you're courting death, I'll Grant Your Wish!"

Wang Xian's face was cold as he clawed at Fang Muqing with his five elemental dragon claws.

"You... What are you doing!"

In an instant, Fang Muqing felt the threat of death enveloping him. His face was filled with fear.

He stared at Wang Xian in disbelief!

Is He trying to kill me?

Was he seeking his own death?

"No, no, I don't want to die. I just want to anger him, senior!"

Fang Muqing roared in his heart.

"Bang!"

However, they were too close to each other. The five elemental dragon claws landed on his body in an instant.

Death was imminent!