Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2077: 2077 had turned the sky upside down

"No!"

At the moment before his death, Fang Muqing let out a scream of despair, his face filled with terror and disbelief.

His voice was filled with regret!

He only wanted to infuriate him so that he could trigger the rules of the eternal divine leaf!

However, he had never expected that the other party would actually dare to kill him without the slightest bit of hesitation!

At this moment, not only Fang Muqing, but everyone around was also looking at this scene in shock!

"Master Wang, you can't Do That!"

Meng muxin and Li Muyan had the same look of shock on their faces. They immediately shouted at Wang Xian.

To kill someone in the territory of the eternal divine leaves, and to kill one of the top heaven's favorites of the eternal divine leaves, even the upper echelons of the eternal divine leaves would have to be punished.

Furthermore, Fang Muqing was the in-name disciple of that Lord.

Although he was only an in-name disciple, many people did not dare to provoke him.

That Lord was a spell caster!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and stored fang Muqing's corpse into the mother nest.

"This... Oh My God, lord duo Bao actually killed Fang Muqing in one move!"

"Hiss, lord duo Bao actually killed Fang Muqing. This... This is breaking the heavens. It's over, it's over. Even if lord duo Bao has many military merits, it's useless!"

"Something big has happened. Fang Muqing is a favored son of the heavens. No matter what his identity is, lord duo Bao killing him without any scruples is the greatest provocation to the eternal divine leaf. This time, no one can save him!"

Everyone in the surroundings was in an uproar as they watched this scene in astonishment.

Due to Wang Xian's action yesterday, there were at least tens of millions of people who were paying attention to him.

Everyone knew that something big had happened!

A shocked and unbelievable voice entered Wang Xian's ears. There was no change in his expression.

He naturally knew that killing a favored son of Heaven of the Eternal Divine Leaf was a big deal. Even if he had extraordinary strength, he would still be punished by the eternal divine leaf.

However, Fang Muqing was courting death and had a strong killing intent toward him. Naturally, Wang Xian would not let him off either. Since he had the intention to kill, he would kill him!

"Let those two girls settle things with their father. It's time to reveal my identity!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and took out the communication device from the mother nest!

Wang Xian had not contacted the two girls for the past ten days. He could not help but grumble.

"This... This lord duo Bao is still smiling? He can still smile!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian standing there with a hint of a smile on his face, their faces froze and they were dumbfounded.

He still dared to smile?

"He actually dared to kill Fang Muqing directly!"

However, at this moment, Li Jinghong, who had been hovering above the residence on the divine leaf continent, was slightly shocked when he saw Fang Muqing being killed directly. His face was filled with shock.

However, the shock on his face soon turned into a smile.

"The heavens are really helping me. This fellow actually dared to kill Fang Muqing directly. I can punish him directly!"

"Furthermore, Fang Muqing is already dead. There won't be any problems. The heavens are really helping me. hahaha!"

He couldn't help but laugh. Following that, he moved.

A wooden raft appeared beneath him and he flew towards Wang Xian.

"You dare to kill an Innocent Heaven's favorite disciple in the eternal divine leaf, the in-name disciple of the Master of Laws. This crime deserves to be executed!"

"Execution execution order. If you encounter a vicious person, kill him immediately. Mobilize all the experts in the eternal divine leaf!"

"All the experts in the divine leaf continent, get ready to kill that treasure!"

He stood on the wooden raft and roared with dignity. His voice spread to every corner of the divine leaf continent, and everyone could hear him clearly.

"Thorns of Death, Bloom!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he shouted again, his face full of excited killing intent.

If he killed him, he would be able to obtain that treasure. After obtaining that treasure, he would receive a terrifying reward.

"That treasure is mine!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

He was extremely excited.

"HMM?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was floating in the sky and had just taken out his communication device, immediately sensed a thorn flower beneath his feet when his voice rang out!

Upon seeing this flower, he immediately placed his communication device into the mother nest and stomped lightly on it!

Buzz

An aura of annihilation directly covered the thorny flower below.

Before the death thorny flower bloomed, it began to wither slowly.

"What happened? !"

"Fang Muqing was killed by that Wang Xian. Enforcer Li has already issued an order to execute him!"

"He actually dared to kill a heaven's favored son of our eternal divine leaves. Why Is This? Is he betraying the eternal divine leaves?"

At this moment, voices came from every corner.

A vast figure quickly flew over, his gaze locked onto this area.

"Duo Bao, how much enmity does Fang Muqing have with you to actually make you kill him? Such a cruel person, accept the punishment of US law enforcers!"

Li Jinghong saw that his thorn of death was blocked, and he slightly frowned.

However, he did not stop as he shouted sternly.

He knew that he possessed the bone wings with a terrifying speed. He had to tie down his opponent or his opponent might escape!

"What a quick reaction. He didn't even give me the time to inform the two girls?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw that he had killed Fang Muqing a moment ago and that Li Zhifa had appeared the next moment.

"That's not right. Why is there excitement and cold killing intent in his eyes?"

He looked at Li Jinghong and a hint of doubt appeared on his face once again.

There was something wrong with the other party's reaction and gaze!

"Planet of thorns, bind!"

Li Jinghong stared at Wang Xian with a burning gaze. A wooden staff appeared in his hand.

He waved his arm and a planet-sized thorn that was about four to five hundred kilometers in diameter covered Wang Xian.

Countless thorns were like terrifying tentacles, continuously entangling Wang Xian.

"This won't do. I have to hide first and inform the two girls!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the terrifying entanglement of thorns as he swept his gaze forward.

Other than this enforcer Li, there were seven to eight gods with the lowest eight wisps of divine fire flying towards him.

He frowned and looked at the energy tide at the side before flying straight in.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Countless thorns fell from the sky and started to entangle with him.

Crash

The sound of bones could be heard coming from Wang Xian's back. The uninitiated holy wings appeared on his back. He held the dragon blood sword in his hand and slashed at the thorns.

Poof

Wang Xian, who was controlling the uninitiated holy wings, burst out several times his speed. He avoided the entanglement of the thorns and entered the energy tide.

Without any hesitation, he flew straight into the depths of the ocean tide.

"Damn it, such fast speed. However, don't even think about escaping this time!"

Li Jinghong looked a little embarrassed when he saw this scene. With a move of his palm, a black thorn appeared in his hand.

He followed closely behind and entered the ocean tide!