Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2078: 2078 divine leaf enforcers vs Divine Leaf Guardians? Go

"This is bad. What is Lord Wang trying to do? He is trying to run away. Is he trying to make an enemy out of the entire eternal divine leaf?"

Seeing that Wang Xian was blocking the attack of enforcers Li, Meng muxin, Li Muyan, and the rest had an ugly expression on their faces.

Killing a heaven's pride disciple and disobeying the Enforcers was already making an enemy out of the entire eternal divine leaf.

Next, he'll be hunted by the entire leaf of eternity.

It is terrible to anger a god-level force!

"Lord Wang doesn't look like a bad guy. Now..."

Meng muxin had a good impression of Wang Xian, although his master's accidental fall was due to the treasure.

But she also knows that the enemy is the Eternal Thunder, not blame Wang Xian.

Wang Xian had no need to compensate her with so many treasures. However, he did it. This meant that he was not a bad person!

"Although he is not a bad person, he is a little extreme. It's over!"

Li Muyan said with an embarrassed expression.

When everyone around saw this scene, their expressions changed.

They never expected that lord duo Bao, who had been in the limelight for the past few days and killed a top-notch eternal thunderclap expert, would kill Fang Muqing without any hesitation!

With lord duo Bao's strength and ability, he would have a bright future in the eternal divine leaf!

"Enter the energy tide to help Li Enforcer. If the other party resists, kill him immediately!"

The top-notch experts around him immediately followed closely behind and chased after him!

"He didn't have any effect in the ocean tide. As expected, it's all thanks to that bone wing!"

When Li Jinghong entered the ocean tide, he saw that Wang Xian had already flown over a hundred kilometers away. His expression changed slightly.

"Black Forest Lockwood, go!"

Li Jinghong gritted his teeth. He looked at the black thorn in his hand with some heartache and flew directly toward Wang Xian.

This Black Forest Lockwood was not a divine artifact, but a branch on a divine tree.

Furthermore, this branch was a one-time use. Using it once would deplete all of its energy and cause it to wither!

Buzz

The black thorn streaked across the ocean tide and headed straight for Wang Xian's body.

The Black Thorn was extremely strange. Even in the ocean tide, its speed was still extremely terrifying!

"Since I've made my move, you can stay here!"

He growled with a gloomy face.

"Huh? What is this? What a fast speed!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Wang Xian, who was flying forward, sensed the thorns behind him. His expression changed slightly.

He was initially surprised. Even if he was at the peak of the godly state, he wouldn't be able to stop him if he entered the ocean tide with the help of the primaless Saint Wings.

When he sensed the black thorns, a hint of surprise appeared on his face.

Clang

The dragon blood sword in his hand slashed directly at the Black Forest Lockwood behind him.

Bang! Bang! Bang

However, what surprised Wang Xian was that the moment the black thorns touched the dragon blood sword, they immediately wrapped themselves around it and wrapped themselves around his arm.

Boom

Wang Xian's body trembled. The destructive energy charged toward the black thorns.

Bang! Bang

However, when the five elements annihilation force landed on it, it only slowed down the speed of the Black Forest's Lockwood. It was still completely wrapped around Wang Xian's arm.

Wang Xian frowned slightly. When he saw Li Jinghong holding onto the other end of the Black Thorn, his expression turned ugly.

"It seems like I shouldn't underestimate the gods in the world!"

Wang Xian's brows were tightly knitted.

He hadn't been in the boundless galaxy for long. There must be many treasures and incredible existences in such a huge galaxy.

This dark thorn was an extremely strange and powerful thing.

"Kill him!"

Wang Xian saw that his arm was entangled. The Dark Thorn had already entered his arm and merged with his arm.

Furthermore, some of the thorns had entered his chest strangely.

If he were to cut off the position of his arm and chest, he would suffer a lot of damage and lose a large amount of dragon energy.

Faced with this law-enforcer Li who was filled with a strange killing intent towards him, Wang Xian did not have any scruples!

"Crash!"

The bone wings flapped violently and pushed his speed to the limit. Wang Xian turned around and attacked Li Jinghong directly.

"Haha, it's a head-on confrontation. I, Li Jinghong, am not afraid of anyone of the same level!"

Li Jinghong revealed a cold expression when he saw Wang Xian flying toward him.

He opened his palm and the staff in his hand emitted a dazzling divine light. The densely packed thorns under his body spread out in the surroundings.

The entire thorny domain was centered around him.

"I can't waste any more time. Let's finish this battle as soon as possible!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold expression. The seven-colored radiance on his body flickered as his speed reached its peak.

"As long as I trap you, you will die today!"

Li Jinghong let out a wild roar as countless thorns flew towards him to entangle him.

In front of the overwhelming number of thorns, his speed was completely useless.

This was because there were no blind spots in this domain!

Li Jinghong knew that it would be difficult for him to kill Wang Xian with his terrifying killing intent and speed. However, all he had to do was to tie him down.

The group of experts behind him would arrive soon. At that time, even if he had the bone wings, it would be difficult for him to escape!

Boom

At this moment, the entire bramble domain trembled slightly. An incomparably huge millstone appeared above the brambles and completely suppressed them!

"A divine weapon, and it's a very powerful divine weapon!"

Li Jinghong's expression changed slightly when he saw the appearance of the Five Elements Millstone.

The five elements millstone that Wang Xian was using now could be comparable to a divine weapon with seven wisps of divine fire!

Crack! Crack! Crack

The five elements millstone appeared and the thorny vines withered one after another!

"I can hand over this divine weapon and leave behind the bone wings!"

Li Jinghong's eyes were extremely cold. His body trembled and a divine tree appeared in the sky.

The divine tree was like a willow tree with terrifying branches.

The branches were thrown at Wang Xian!

"Bang!"

Wang Xian held the dragon blood sword and slashed at the branches.

The level of the divine tree couldn't be compared to the dragon blood sword at all. The branches were broken one by one!

"Damn it. The level of this blood-colored longsword is definitely not lower than the level of the six wisps of Divine Fire!"

Li Jinghong's eyes revealed a greedy look when he saw this scene.

"Focus!"

He let out a furious roar. All the branches of the tree of God were entangled together like a terrifying whip. They were thrown at Wang Xian!

"Now!"

A clear light flashed in Wang Xian's eyes. He saw Li Jinghong, who was only ten kilometers away, attacking him directly.

Buzz

When Li Jinghong saw that Wang Xian dared to ignore the Tree of God's concentrated attack, his eyes were filled with coldness.

However, what happened next stunned him.

The concentrated branch pierced through Wang Xian's body directly.

A divine dragon appeared on the blood-red longsword and slashed toward his body.

"Not good!"

Caught off guard, coupled with Wang Xian's speed at the peak of the godly state, it was already too late for him to dodge the ten-kilometer distance!

Crack

The dragon blood sword slashed out with a cracking sound. Li Jinghong's arm, which was holding the Black Forest Lockwood, as well as his ordinary body, was chopped off.

Fresh blood flowed out instantly, and the wooden token on his chest was broken.

However, he did not die under this attack that Wang Xian thought was certain to die!