Chapter 2079: 2079 divine leaf law enforcement vs Divine Leaf Guardian? hit

"Eh? It was that wooden token that blocked my fatal attack!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw this scene.

The void coupled with the speed of the uninitiated holy wings were Wang Xian's most unexpected killing move at the moment.

There were very few people of the same level who could block this unexpected attack.

Although Li Jinghong was hit, the wooden token on his body had saved his life and only caused him to be severely injured!

"AH, damned thing, I'm going to kill you! I'm going to kill you!"

Intense pain came from Li Jinghong's body. Looking at the injuries on his body, he couldn't help but let out a roar and shouted at Wang Xian ferociously.

He stared at the broken wooden token and his expression turned ugly.

This wooden token was a life-saving wooden token. It was a precious treasure given to him by his master.

To be able to dodge a fatal blow, such a special treasure was even more precious than a divine weapon.

However, the wooden token had already been broken.

A piece of Black Forest Lockwood and this wooden token. If he couldn't obtain the primaless sacred wings, he would be at a huge disadvantage this time.

Li Jinghong's expression turned ashen!

"Oh no, enforcer Li is seriously injured. Attack with all your might!"

At this moment, seven to eight gods flew over from the back. When the old man in the middle saw Li Jinghong's tragic scene, his expression changed slightly.

"Consider yourself lucky this time. However, you won't be so lucky soon!"

When Wang Xian saw the group of gods flying over, there were two out of the nine wisps of divine fire. He glanced at Li Jinghong coldly and turned around to flee.

With his strength, he was not strong enough to fight against the experts with nine wisps of divine fire.

Furthermore, after witnessing the treasures that Li Jinghong possessed, he was filled with wariness towards these experts.

This time, he had only relied on the treasures to win!

Buzz

He flapped his bone wings and darted through the ocean tides at a terrifying speed. In an instant, he had pulled away from them.

"We let him escape!"

The gods looked embarrassed when they saw Wang Xian's speed.

They couldn't catch up to him in the energy tides.

"Enforcer Li, Are You Alright?"

The old man in the middle came to Li Jinghong's side and asked with concern.

"I'm Fine!"

The branches covered half of his torn body. The torn area was taken away by Wang Xian because his arm was holding the Black Forest shackle wood.

He said with a gloomy face. His strength was definitely at the peak among the eight wisps of divine flames.

In addition to the treasures in his hands, he didn't think that anyone of the same level could fight against him.

The divine artifacts in that fellow's hands were too many and too strong!

"Enforcer Li, this Wang Xian is very strong. Coupled with his terrifying speed, we can't catch him at all. Moreover, now..."

The old man in the middle looked at Li Jinghong and frowned.

This matter was not something they could deal with.

"Phew, he has the Black Forest Lockwood that I left behind. I can sense it within ten hours!"

Li Jinghong said with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"Enforcer Li, even if you can sense his location, it will be difficult for us to kill him!"

The old man's brows were tightly knitted. That bone wing treasure was too powerful. It did not have the slightest effect in the ocean tide.

"I will inform the experts of the law enforcement department to send someone over!"

Li Jinghong said with a dark expression.

There was only one way now. As long as the experts of the law enforcement department arrived, that fellow would definitely die.

However, when the experts of the law enforcement department arrived, he was afraid of that treasure...

"Let's kill him first!"

Li Jinghong was extremely unwilling to accept the fact that things had come to this point.

He took out the special communication device of the Law Enforcement Department and immediately released a message to the entire law enforcement department.

Once the message was released, all the law enforcers would be able to see it.

The Divine Leaf Law Enforcement Department was the department with the greatest authority of the eternal divine leaf. All those who violated the rules would be punished by the law enforcement department.

Even if you were a peak divine realm expert, you would still be killed by the divine leaf law enforcement department.

The Divine Leaf Law Enforcement Department was famous for suppressing the entire eastern region and intimidating all the disciples in Eternal Shocking Thunder.

"On the Energy Tide's side, an eight-wisp Divine Fire God who joined eternal divine leaf not long ago killed the heaven's favored son, Fang Muqing, and heavily injured me. I request the other experts of the law enforcement department to come over and support me!"

Li Jinghong sent the information to the law enforcement department and stood there quietly watching.

"The law enforcers of the planets near the divine leaf continent immediately rush over. Now, you guys start contacting captain Li Jinghong!"

Soon, a message was sent to all the law enforcers.

Soon after, the experts of the law enforcement department contacted Li Jinghong.

Seeing the law enforcers nearby, Li Jinghong revealed a smile.

There were more than 50 enforcers in total, including three out of nine divine flames and five out of eight divine flames. With such power, coupled with the experts from the divine leaf continent, it was enough to surround them. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Buzz!"

At this moment, the communication in his hand trembled slightly.

"What? Master, Come Here!"

When he saw the message on the communication, his expression changed slightly.

"Right, no matter what, Fang Muqing is Master's in-name disciple. If someone kills him, it's not giving master any face. The god of eight divine flames is worthy of Master's Action!"

Li Jinghong's eyes flickered as he spoke.

"Since master is here, that guy's time to die has come!"

A sinister expression appeared on his face.

"Wait here. In a while, my master will also come!"

He said to the people beside him.

"What? Lord palm technique is also here!"

The gods beside him, who had eight wisps of divine fire and nine wisps of divine fire, were slightly shocked, and a trace of shock appeared on their faces.

Li Jinghong's master was the master of the palm technique.

He was the leader of the Enforcement Division of the eternal divine leaf, the master of the palm technique.

In the eternal divine leaf, he could practically follow the law and set the rules.

"Since even the master of the palm technique is here, Wang Xian will not be able to escape this calamity. We can take back the bone wing treasure!"

The old man in the middle said slowly.

When Li Jinghong heard the words 'bone wing treasure', he frowned slightly. His expression changed slightly.

I hope nothing unexpected will happen!

He thought to himself.

At the same time, there was a planet built with a powerful force located beside the Eternal Kingdom.

The planet was covered in black divine grade thorns. Outside the Majestic Law Enforcement Hall, a middle-aged man was leading a dozen or so people as they flew towards the eternal kingdom while emitting a powerful aura.

"Although that Fang Muqing is only my in-name disciple, that kid's talent is not bad. He should be able to pass the test!"

"Someone dares to kill my in-name disciple. I wonder who gave him the courage!"

In the void, the leader of the majestic middle-aged man spoke slowly, the thorns in his eyes connecting into a single line.

His entire pupil was like a wooden prison, filled with a powerful pressure!

Soon, the majestic middle-aged man led more than a dozen vast figures and quickly flew towards the energy tide.