Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2080: 2080 divine leaf enforcers vs Divine Leaf Guardians

In the huge eternal divine kingdom at the center of the Eastern Region, divine trees, divine herbs, and divine flowers covered the entire eternal divine kingdom.

At the teleportation array, the dignified middle-aged man led a group of enforcers towards the direction of the energy tide.

At the same time, at the center of the Eternal Divine Kingdom, at the highest point of the huge divine tree, two little girls were sitting on a swing, swaying with smiles on their faces.

Beside them, a woman with a graceful and noble temperament stood behind one of the girls, giving her a whip.

The woman had snow-white hair. Although she didn't look old, she had a gloomy aura about her.

However, at that moment, the woman's face was filled with smiles.

These two little girls were naturally Hua'er Cai'er.

The woman behind them was their mother, the wife of the divine leaf god Lord.

"Buzz Buzz!"

At this moment, a communication device not far ahead rang. The flower that was swaying on the swing immediately jumped down.

"It should be that Guy Old Wang!"

She immediately walked to the table and saw that it was indeed that Guy's message. A smile appeared on her small face, and her pair of small canine teeth looked very cute.

"Is it him?"

Cai Er also looked over and asked Hua Er.

"Oh? is the one who raised you two little girls here? Mother should properly thank that friend!"

The woman looked over and said with a smile on her face.

The sudden return of her two daughters over the past year made the woman feel as if she had returned to the feeling of having given birth to the two of them in her womb for ten months. She was filled with excitement and excitement.

However, her daughter suddenly had a father, which made her a little jealous.

Needless to say, her husband was even more so.

Over the past year, they had heard the two little girls talking about the pervert whom they called Old Wang countless times.

They could tell that the two little girls were dependent and fond of that person. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Yes, I will open the divine shadow for him!"

Hua'er saw that it was Wang Xian's message and revealed an excited expression. However, she pouted slightly and her face was filled with displeasure.

"HMPH, this guy said that he would come over after settling down Earth. It's been more than a year now!"

She pouted and shouted softly. A virtual image appeared in the image in front of her.

"HMPH, you still know how to contact us?"

Hua'er snorted coldly when she saw Wang Xian. Cai'er walked over with a smile.

"Two girls, I'm already in the eternal divine leaf's domain. I'm now at the Energy Tide!"

"Quick, quick, daddy, I'm being chased by the Eternal Divine Leaf's people. Hurry up and come and save us!"

In the screen, Wang Xian smiled at the two girls.

After he got rid of Li Jinghong, he flew for half an hour. When he saw that no one was chasing after him, he immediately contacted Hua'er and Cai'er.

The reason why Wang Xian dared to kill their disciples in the territory of eternal divine leaf was because of these two little girls.

"What? You came to the Eastern Region? Eternal Divine Leaf's people are chasing after you. What... What's going on?"

Hua Er was slightly stunned when she heard Wang Xian's words. A look of astonishment appeared on her face.

Why would their people be chasing after Wang Xian?

"There's a heaven's favorite among your eternal divine leaf who provoked me. He even said that he wanted to kill me, so I killed him!"

"When I was about to contact you, the experts of your eternal divine leaf came over. They are all experts with eight divine flames and nine divine flames. I can't hold them off!"

"You two little girls, think of a way quickly. Otherwise, you'll have to collect my corpse!"

Wang Xian was still smiling as he spoke to the two little girls.

"Really?"

Hua Er Cai'er was slightly stunned and frowned.

"I can still lie to you. Look!"

Wang Xian raised his right arm. There were traces left behind by the Black Forest Lockwood.

This black thorn was a little strange. He was actually unable to remove it at once.

According to his estimation, it would take at least half a day.

"Old Wang, where are you? We'll head over immediately!"

Cai'er immediately said from the side.

"Within the energy tide!"

Wang Xian said directly.

"Alright, we should be able to lock onto your position through the communication device. Wait for us, we'll be there very soon!"

The two little girls immediately said as they looked at the woman at the side.

"Mom, is Dad Back Yet? Old Wang is in some trouble, we need to go over immediately!"

Hua'er immediately said to the woman.

"Your father went to the Black Forest to settle some matters, but he hasn't returned yet!"

The woman frowned. Seeing her daughter's slightly anxious appearance, she walked over.

"Then... mother, our eternal divine leaf's experts are now chasing after him. If..."

Hua'er frowned and looked at her mother.

"It's fine. The fact that he can contact you means that he's fine. Ask him to find a place to stay for half an hour. We'll be there in half an hour!"

The woman immediately said.

"Yes, okay!"

Hua'er cai'er immediately nodded. "Mother, then we'll go there immediately!"

"I'll go with you!"

The woman said. With a wave of her arm, a flower flew forward.

"Grandmother!"

"Aunties!"

At this moment, a figure flew over quickly.

The figure was a middle-aged man, a dignified middle-aged man. However, before the woman, he did not have the slightest bit of imposing manner.

This middle-aged man was the middle-aged man who had informed the divine leaf god Lord the last time.

"Bring the people who protect the divine leaf with you and follow me immediately to the energy tide land!"

The woman said directly.

"Grandma, are... are you going too?"

The middle-aged man was slightly startled and hurriedly asked.

"That's right. The person who saved the girl, Yuwen Yurou, is in danger. We'll go there immediately!"

The woman said directly.

"Okay, Grandma. We'll go to the teleportation array immediately!"

The middle-aged man's heart trembled. He naturally knew about the young man his grandma had mentioned. He was the young man who had raised his two aunts on that planet.

With his aunt's current status in the eternal divine leaf, that young man's status was incomparably noble. Even his brothers had to be respectful.

He didn't dare to hesitate and directly flew towards the teleportation array.

At the same time, the petals flew in all directions.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Soon, figures quickly flew over. These figures were the people who had followed the divine leaf god Lord to Earth the last time.

Seven Peak Deity Realm Elders, a group of gods with eight or nine wisps of divine fire.

Although they wore different clothes, everyone in the eternal divine leaf knew about them.

They were the guardians of the divine leaves.

The Guardians of the divine leaves, the power of the eternal divine leaves.

Different from the Guardians of the divine leaves, the guardians of the divine leaves usually stayed in the eternal divine kingdom and guarded the surroundings.

The Guardians of the divine leaves were the spears, and the Guardians of the divine leaves were the shields!

"Greetings to the divine lady and the two princesses!"

More than 50 figures flew over and immediately shouted.

"Let's hurry over!"

The two little girls immediately came to the front of the array and urged!

The group stepped into the array and immediately disappeared.

Only ten minutes had passed since the group of figures had teleported away!