Chapter 2081: Execution Order 2081, kill

"Since the two girls are here, everything will be fine!"

Wang Xian hung up the communication with the two girls and heaved a sigh of relief.

Wang Xian still had to respect the experts of the eternal divine leaf. For example, that enforcer Li had many tricks up his sleeves. He had to use his full strength to suppress those of the same level.

"It's only half an hour, but I can hold on!"

Wang Xian said slowly as a relaxed expression appeared on his face.

He knew that there was nothing that the two girls couldn't handle in the eternal divine leaf.

"I can't hide here. How embarrassing!"

Wang Xian looked at his surroundings and looked at the time. There were still more than twenty minutes left.

"Go to the divine leaf continent and wait!"

He raised his eyebrows faintly. After wandering in the energy tide for more than ten minutes, he flew towards the divine leaf continent.

No matter what, he was the father of the two little girls. It would be embarrassing if they saw him being chased and hiding in a sorry state.

His speed was very fast. The powers of light and darkness covered his entire body, causing him to hide in the void.

Coming out from an empty spot, Wang Xian flew straight towards the divine leaf continent.

With his face covered, very few people could recognize him.

He leisurely came to a restaurant and ordered some dishes, waiting for Hua Er and Cai er to come and protect him!

At this moment, what Wang Xian didn't know was that Li Jinghong and all the experts from the energy tide were standing respectfully by the teleportation formation in the divine leaf continent.

The formation flickered and a dozen figures slowly appeared.

"Greetings, Master!"

"Greetings, Lord Palm Technique!"

Li Jinghong and the other gods bowed respectfully to the dignified middle-aged man in the middle.

The middle-aged man's skin was slightly tanned and his body was filled with a cold aura.

Looking at the enforcement experts behind Lord Palm technique, their faces were filled with respect.

If lord palm technique were to make a move, no matter how powerful the gods were, they would be doomed!

"Jing Hong, do you know where the sinner is?"

The middle-aged man directly asked Li Jing Hong, looking at his injured body.

"Master, he was hit by my Black Forest Lock Wood. I can sense it now!"

Li Jing Hong immediately said.

"Let me do it. A God with eight wisps of divine fire can damage your life-saving wooden token. It seems that he is not weak!"

The middle-aged man said faintly and moved his finger.

A black thorn emerged from his finger and formed a circle.

A picture slowly appeared in the circle. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

In the picture, a young man was sitting in a restaurant and eating leisurely.

"It's him, he... he is in our divine leaf continent. How dare he! How dare he!"

Li Jinghong was furious when he saw Wang Xian's figure and how leisurely he was sitting there.

He actually dared to come back and was even eating leisurely in a restaurant on the divine leaf continent.

This was an insult to them!

"Don't think that you can be so arrogant just because you have a lot of powerful divine weapons. It's time for you to die!"

Li Jinghong continued to speak with a face full of anger.

"This Wang Xian is indeed courageous. He actually dared to come back. Is he disrespecting us?"

When the rest of the gods saw this scene, they frowned as well. A cold expression appeared on their faces.

"The distance is very close. This is perfect. Let's kill him directly!"

The middle-aged man sensed the position of the young man on the screen. There was no expression on his face.

The closer the distance was, the easier it would be!

The more arrogant a person was, the faster he would die!

"Let's Go!"

As he spoke indifferently, a leaf appeared under his feet.

"Master, that Guy has a powerful divine weapon, the bone wings. That bone wings can allow him to burst out with the speed of a peak deity!"

Li Jinghong reminded him from the side.

"Okay!"

The middle-aged man didn't care. He stood on the leaf and flew directly toward the restaurant hundreds of kilometers away.

A group of law enforcers immediately followed behind, their faces revealing cold killing intent.

Li Jinghong and the others immediately followed behind.

"Buzz!"

A distance of 100 kilometers was very close to them.

Soon, they appeared around the restaurant.

"Oh? That's... That's our eternal Thunderclap's law enforcers. What are they doing?"

"All of our energy tide experts are following. The middle-aged man in front is? It seems to be Lord Palm Technique!"

"Hiss, our Lord Palm technique is taking action personally. Who Is he dealing with? No, could it be that he is here to kill that duo Bao?"

The sudden appearance of a group of people caused shock to appear on the faces of the people around them.

"Sou Sou Sou!"

Without the middle-aged man's order, the powerful warriors immediately scattered around the restaurant and surrounded it.

"Weng!"

The middle-aged man stood there, and the dark green energy directly covered the entire restaurant!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

"Ah, what's Going On!"

Suddenly, the dark green energy turned into thorns and directly wrapped around the people inside and brought them out.

For a moment, only one person was left in the entire restaurant, and it was completely sealed!

"What happened?"

"It's the law enforcers. No, it's not right. The Lord Palm technique is here too. Hiss, are there villains in there?"

The people who were pulled out were slightly shocked. When they saw the group of people floating in the air, their expressions changed drastically.

They looked at the middle-aged man in the middle respectfully and retreated to the side respectfully.

"Huh? We're surrounded!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the restaurant, immediately sensed the strange situation around him. His expression changed slightly.

He looked at the time and his eyes flickered

"Huala!"

His figure flickered and the entire building of the restaurant disappeared.

All that was left was a table and a chair floating in the air.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings indifferently. He was slightly shocked when he saw the group of experts surrounding him.

His gaze slowly landed on the middle-aged man with slightly tanned skin.

From his body, Wang Xian could feel the threat of death.

He was definitely no match for this person!

There were quite a number of people with the nine wisps of divine flames around him. Even with the incipient holy wings, it was difficult for him to escape from this place.

"That is? Lord duo Bao, how could it be him? wasn't he being chased by law enforcement Li and the rest? Now, he's here drinking and eating meat?"

"Hiss, this... he's so calm even though he's being hunted down by law enforcement. How dare he come here to eat? He..."

When everyone around saw Wang Xian, they were all dumbfounded. Their faces were filled with shock.

He dared to come back after being hunted down by their eternal divine leaf law enforcement? And he even sat there to eat?

How Bold was he? Or was he looking down on them.

"However, he might be finished. Our Lord Palm technique is here!"

"Execution kill order, kill!"

It was a sensation!

The news that duo Bao had killed Fang Muqing and was being hunted down by the law enforcers had spread throughout the entire divine leaf continent.

However, no one had expected that lord duo Bao would dare to come back. He even dared to eat here leisurely?

This... was courting death!