Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2082: 2082, the despairing Li Jinghong

"He must die!"

Everyone looked at Lord Palm technique in awe and at the young man who was surrounded in the center.

Lord Palm Technique's strength could be ranked among the top existences in the entire eternal thunderclap, the entire eastern region, and even the entire boundless star area. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

A God with eight wisps of divine fire, even if he had many divine weapons, would die today.

Not far from here, Meng muxin, Li Muyan, and the rest happened to be nearby.

When they saw the situation here, all of them were dumbfounded.

"He actually rushed over?"

Everyone around felt that he was extremely arrogant.

"Huh? Even if he can't stop me, there's no need to call for help, right? Furthermore, there are so many top-notch experts. He really thinks highly of me!"

At this moment, Wang Xian frowned slightly as he scanned the crowd around him. His gaze landed on the middle-aged man and Li Jinghong.

"I really didn't expect you to dare to come back. You are too arrogant. Let's see how you are going to dodge this time!"

Li Jinghong glared at Wang Xian with a face full of hatred. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

The Black Forest Lockwood and the wooden token were the two treasures in his hands. Both of them had been consumed by Wang Xian. His heart was filled with anger.

"Hide? Why should I hide? You've called for help, and I've also called for help. I want to see how you guys will take me down later!"

Wang Xian said to Li Jinghong with a smile.

"Huh? Call for help?"

When Li Jinghong heard Wang Xian's words and saw the smile on his face, a hint of doubt flashed across his eyes.

This fellow was rather calm!

"You killed Fang Muqing, right?"

The middle-aged man stared at Wang Xian and asked indifferently.

"Yes. That fellow didn't even ignite his divine fire and dared to provoke me. He even wanted to kill me. He's courting death!"

Wang Xian replied casually.

"He's my in-name disciple and the favored son of the eternal celestial undertaking. You killed him and severely injured the enforcer. No one can save you today!"

"Let me tell you, no one will be able to save you!"

The middle-aged man said to Wang Xian indifferently. With a move of his palm, a black thorn formed a sharp sword!

"Those who violate the rules of the eternal divine leaf will die!"

The middle-aged man said to Wang Xian as the sharp sword was aimed at him.

A threat of death was felt instantly.

"Wait a moment!"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly when he saw the sharp sword. He said to him immediately.

"It's already been 30 minutes. Why aren't these two girls here yet?"

He mumbled and swept his gaze around.

If they didn't come now, he would really be in danger of dying!

"Wait? None of you can save you. Prepare to die!"

Li Jinghong stared at Wang Xian and shouted coldly.

Swoosh

The middle-aged man's expression was calm. He ignored Wang Xian and immediately attacked Wang Xian with the sharp sword in front of him.

"Damn it!"

When Wang Xian saw the middle-aged man making a move, his expression changed slightly.

"That duo Bao is going to die!"

"He's too arrogant. How dare he come back after being chased by law enforcement li? He's simply courting death!"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, they were basically certain that duo Bao was going to die.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a rumbling sound came from behind.

A terrifying pressure was coming towards them.

"This pressure!"

In an instant, everyone's faces were extremely pale, and some of the weaker ones were lying on the ground.

"This pressure!"

The middle-aged man's expression changed slightly, and the surrounding enforcers'expressions instantly became serious.

"Stop, if you dare to hurt him, you'll all die!"

At this moment, an angry voice rang out from behind.

"Mu Liang, Stop!"

Following that, a cold and dignified voice rang out.

At this moment, the middle-aged man's body trembled as a look of disbelief appeared on his face.

His expression changed drastically as he hurriedly stopped the sharp sword.

When Wang Xian saw that the black sword had stopped, he heaved a sigh of relief.

"My dear daughter, come and save me. Your people from the eternal divine leaves want to kill me!"

He shouted towards the left.

"Who is that?"

At this moment, it wasn't just the middle-aged man. The rest of the enforcers were slightly shocked when they heard the cold and majestic female voice.

Feeling the terrifying pressure, they looked over immediately.

More than 50 figures were flying over quickly.

In the middle was a woman, and beside her were two young girls who looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old.

Behind them, old men were exuding a terrifying aura.

When they saw the woman's face, their bodies trembled, and disbelief appeared on their faces.

"Who is that?"

Some of the people below raised their heads to look over. When they saw the woman with snow-white hair, they revealed expressions of shock.

"Grandmother, Aunt!"

In the next moment, the middle-aged man immediately bowed and shouted with a face full of surprise.

His grandmother had not left the eternal divine kingdom for nearly 10,000 years, and she had actually come here today!

And what his two aunts had said just now...

This...

His mind was full of twists and turns, and he was extremely shocked.

"Hualala!"

"Greetings, Madam God Lord!"

In the surrounding area, a group of law enforcers immediately knelt down in the air and shouted loudly.

"We pay our respects to the Divine Lord's wife!"

In the area below, everyone was paying their respects to the woman in the sky.

The Divine Lord's wife, the mistress of the entire eternal divine leaf, could also be said to be the mistress of the eastern region.

Facing such a high and mighty woman, everyone had to kneel down and pay their respects.

The millions of people gathered around them knelt down and shouted respectfully.

"Yes, Stand Up!"

The woman nodded her head lightly. She had the temperament of a mother who ruled the world.

Her voice entered everyone's ears, giving them an irresistible charm.

Everyone slowly stood up and looked up in shock.

"Old Wang, are you alright? They didn't do anything to you, right?"

At this moment, Hua er cai ER, who was standing beside the woman, flew towards Wang Xian hurriedly.

The two girls grabbed his arms from both sides and asked with concern on their faces.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. Fortunately, you two girls came in time!"

Wang Xian shook his head and looked at the experts around him with a teasing look. "Just now, they said that I would die no matter who came. Now, it seems that I don't have to die anymore!"

"We heard it. HMPH, Xiao Muliang, I think you want to be spanked!"

Hua Er glared at the middle-aged man and snorted at him.

At this moment, cold sweat appeared on Li Muliang's forehead. His slightly tanned face immediately squeezed out a smile.

"Aunty, I don't know. I don't know his relationship with you guys. If I knew, I wouldn't dare to offend him even if I was beaten to death!"

He looked at the two little girls with a frown.

At this moment, he remembered something his younger brother had told him a year ago. These two aunties had recognized a godfather.

At that time, he didn't take it to heart. It seemed that this young man was right!

Around him, everyone looked at the palm technique user of the eternal divine leaf, their faces filled with shock.

Behind him, Li Jinghong's forehead was filled with cold sweat and fear!