Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2083: 2083, under the despairing Li Jinghong

There were two most powerful forces in the eternal divine leaf. One was eternal law enforcement, and the other was eternal protection.

Of these two most powerful forces, one was controlled by Li Muliang, and the other was controlled by Li Muyuan.

Li Muliang and Li Muyuan were brothers, and at the same time, they were also the grandson of the divine leaf god Lord.

Their father's lifespan had already passed by 100,000 years, and all the power was basically controlled in their generation.

God Lord Shenye suppressed everything and basically didn't do anything.

Li Muliang had the right to say that no one could save him.

Because the only one who could suppress him in the entire eternal divine leaf was his senior. There were only two people above him in the past, but now there were two more.

Especially the two extra aunts, who were the little princess of the entire eternal thunderclap.

When they were at the family banquet, they had seen their grandfather, who had not smiled for a long time, smiling all the way.

They could sense that their grandparents wanted nothing more than to hold their aunts in their hands.

All the direct descendants of eternal God leaf now understood that you could make their grandparents angry, but you could not provoke these two little princesses.

Because these two little princesses were involved, their grandparents were even angrier.

Therefore, no one in the entire eternal divine leaf dared to make them unhappy. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

As the disciple of the Dharma Master, Li Jinghong knew a little about it.

He also knew that the daughter of the divine leaf master from hundreds of thousands of years ago had suddenly returned.

But he never expected that this young man had such a good relationship with the two little princesses!

"It's okay, it's okay. Everything I've done has been done according to the rules. Fang Muqing is already dead. There won't be any problems with me!"

Li Jinghong's heart was beating violently.

He was somewhat glad now. He was glad that Fang Muqing had been killed.

If he was still alive, all of this might have been exposed.

"This..."

Everyone around heard what the two girls said to the dharma-wielding lord, and heard how they addressed the two girls. All of them had shocked expressions on their faces.

"There are rumors that Lord Divine Leaf's fallen daughter has returned. Could it be true?"

Some of the gods were extremely shocked.

"Young master Wang, Welcome to the eternal divine leaf!"

At this moment, the woman looked at Wang Xian and greeted him with a smile on her face.

"Yes, Hello!"

Wang Xian nodded at the woman. He understood that this must be hua er cai ER's biological mother.

"Old Wang, let me introduce you. This beautiful lady is our mother!"

"We agreed that you would come back to look for us after settling down. It has already been a year, and you are only here now!"

The two girls pouted and said to Wang Xian.

"As you know, we have just arrived here. Of course, it will take some time!"

"Oh right..."

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at Li Jinghong with a cold glint in his eyes.

"Huh?"

Li Jinghong sensed Wang Xian's gaze and his expression changed. A hint of fear flashed across his eyes and his forehead was filled with cold sweat!

"Eh? This... this..."

Li Muliang saw Wang Xian staring at his disciple and thought that he was holding a grudge. He opened his mouth to speak.

However, he didn't know how to address him.

He was addressing his aunt's godfather? Grandfather? Sir? Or?

"Sir, my disciple is a law enforcer. Please forgive me if I have offended you!"

In the end, he could only address him as sir and said with a smile.

"Yesterday, Fang Muqing came to provoke me. When I killed him, why did you appear in an instant?"

"Furthermore, when you flew towards me, why did you have such a strong killing intent and... Greed!"

Wang Xian did not respond to Li Muliang. Instead, he stared at Li Jinghong.

"HMM?"

The two girls were slightly shocked when they saw Wang Xian staring at Li Jinghong coldly and interrogating him. They also stared at him.

Everyone in the surroundings had their eyes fixed on him.

When he felt the gazes from the powerhouses of the eternal divine leaf and even the lady of the Divine Lord, a hint of fear appeared in his eyes.

"No, I just happened to notice that Fang Muqing might become my junior brother on the divine leaf continent. I saw you kill him, so... That's why I was angry and filled with killing intent!"

"I've let you down, sir. I've offended you. I don't know..."

"He Lied!"

Li Jinghong said, but suddenly, a cold and dignified female voice sounded.

Hearing this voice, Li Jinghong trembled, and fear appeared on his face.

Li Muliang and the surrounding experts'expressions changed.

"You dare to lie? This time, I Can't Save You!"

Li Muliang's eyes turned cold.

His grandmother said that she lied, so she must have lied.

He didn't need to understand anything else!

A black wooden sword appeared in his hand.

"No, no... Master, don't kill me, don't Kill Me!"

Li Jinghong looked at the black wooden sword in his master's hand and his face revealed a look of fear and despair.

Li Muliang slowly shook his head. There were some mistakes that could not be made.

Especially when it involved his two aunts.

Even if he was not lying, his grandmother was also lying when she said that he was lying.

Whoosh

The black wooden sword moved in an instant and pierced into the space between Li Jinghong's eyebrows.

His pupils were wide open, filled with regret and despair.

The great future of his generation had come to an end.

Upon seeing this scene, all the powerhouses who were surrounded by the eternal Thunderbolts kept quiet.

The words 'lady of God'were enough to sentence him to death.

Even if he was the disciple of Lord Palm technique.

Everyone looked at Wang Xian with shock in their eyes.

"Is it safe here? If it's safe, we will stay here for a period of time!"

Wang Xian saw that Li Jinghong was killed and turned to look at the two girls.

"HMM? Why Don't we bring you to the Eternal Kingdom and show you around there? Then, we will tour the entire Eastern Region Together!"

Hua'er Cai'er said to him.

"Let's talk somewhere else!"

At this moment, the woman interrupted them and said with a smile on her face.

"HMM!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Madam God, please follow me!"

A god of nine wisps of divine fire who was in charge of the energy tide said respectfully.

"Let's go, little girl. You guys are ignoring mother when you see young master Wang. Mother will be jealous!"

The woman said to Hua'er Cai'er with a smile on her face.

"Hehe, how can that be? Mother is the most important to us. He's in the back row!"

Hua'er said mischievously. The group followed the old man and came to a luxurious mansion.

"This, this, this... My God, that lord duo Bao actually has such a background. It's simply heaven-defying!"

"Did you guys hear that just now? Even the palm technique user called Lord duo Bao 'Lord'!"

"What shocked me the most was the divine lord's wife's attitude. Such politeness and warmth, this is simply unimaginable!"

Below, when the surrounding people saw their figures leaving, they were all dumbstruck and shocked beyond words.

What happened just now was simply unbelievable to them.

"The people that Lord Wang is looking for are actually two princesses!"

Li Muyan and the others mumbled in a daze.