Chapter 2084: Demon Cave 2084

"Madam God, please take a seat. I'll pour you some Tea Now!"

They arrived at a luxurious mansion. The person-in-charge of the energy tide, a white-haired old man, said with a smile. A group of Enforcers and guardians of the eternal divine leaves were scattered around to protect them.

Li Muliang and Li Muyuan, the two brothers whom Wang Xian met last time, also followed them in. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Old Wang, follow us to the Eternal Kingdom. We will bring you there to have a good time!"

Hua'er said to him excitedly as soon as she sat down.

"I want to stay here for a period of time!"

Wang Xian stroked her head and said.

"HMM? Stay here for a period of time? What's Fun Here?"

Hua'er looked at him with a puzzled expression.

"I'm looking for some treasures!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

If not for the incident with Fang Muqing, Wang Xian might have stayed here for a year or so.

The treasures he obtained during this one year should be able to increase his strength a little.

"Sir Wang has a powerful ability to search for treasures within the energy tide. In the short eight to nine days that Sir Wang has been here, the value of the treasures he has obtained is close to ten divine artifacts!"

The white-haired old man who was in charge of the energy tide said from the side.

"One Divine artifact a day? Is it that powerful?"

Cai'er looked at him in astonishment.

Li Muliang, Li Muyuan and the rest were also slightly shocked.

One divine artifact a day was a very terrifying thing even for them.

"Speaking of which, Lord Wang, please don't mind. We were planning to report your matter to the divine leaf divine master over the past two days. We didn't expect such a thing to happen today!"

The white-haired old man continued with a smile.

"It's nothing!"

Wang Xian shook his head at him. He looked at Hua Er Cai'er and hesitated for a moment.

"I heard that the current energy tide is the largest in the past hundred thousand years. There are more treasures. I have a divine beast in my possession that can explore the treasures within the energy tide!"

"I can gain a lot of things every day. I have also obtained a lot of divine artifacts!"

Wang Xian did not hide anything from them.

"Then how long do you have to stay here? It's very boring here!"

Hua'er pouted her lips slightly and said unhappily.

"If you have someone you can trust, I can give this divine beast to the people of eternal divine leaf temporarily. When the time comes, give me a portion of the treasure!"

It was impossible for Wang Xian to stay in this energy tide forever. However, this energy tide would always exist.

If he were to let the people from the eternal divine leaf help him explore the treasure, the harvest here would be of great help to the Dragon Palace!

"HMM? The divine beast that is searching for the treasure? If you can trust us, young master Wang, leave it to us!"

The woman sitting at the side said.

"With the two girls here, I naturally trust the eternal divine leaf!"

As Wang Xian spoke, the treasure-seeking ant appeared in his palm.

"What a small divine beast!"

Hua'er looked over and reached out to touch it.

Wang Xian placed the treasure-seeking ant in her palm and sent her a message.

"Little girl, feel it out. It will send you some messages!"

Wang Xian said to Hua'er.

"MMM, let me give it a try!"

"Eh? That's amazing. It can actually explore the surrounding divine artifacts and all kinds of treasures. It's simply amazing!"

Very soon, Hua'er shouted in shock.

"There really is such a divine beast!"

When Li Muyuan and Li Muliang heard Hua'er's words, their faces revealed a surprised expression.

"Muyuan, find two trustworthy people and help young master Wang explore the treasures here!"

The woman directly said to Li Muyuan.

"It's Grandma!"

Li Muyuan immediately nodded.

"Then leave this matter to them. Do we not have to stay here anymore?"

Hua Er looked up at Wang Xian.

"Sure, I'll accompany you guys for a period of time. However, I can't stay here for too long!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at Li Muyuan. "I'll leave 30% of the treasures to you!"

Giving them 30% of the treasures was already a lot to them.

Even if all the people on the eternal leaf God's side were added together, it would still be difficult for them to obtain 30% of the treasures.

After all, once they had the treasure-hunting mouse, they could basically monopolize the treasures here.

"Alright, Alright. Thank you, Lord Wang!"

Li Muyuan's face lit up and he immediately nodded his head in response.

"Then Old Wang, follow us home!"

Hua'er said impatiently!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded.

Their home was naturally the eternal divine kingdom, the Divine Kingdom of the god of leaves.

Unlike the Divine Kingdom of the god of Wings of light and the Divine Kingdom of the god of mountains, this was a living divine kingdom.

The Eternal Divine Kingdom of the god of Wings of light and the god of mountains was considered to have fallen. Most of the treasures inside had completely disappeared after hundreds of thousands of years.

Only a few treasures were revived along with the revival of the Divine Kingdom.

After passing through the formation twice consecutively, Wang Xian followed them into the eternal divine kingdom.

"What a huge eternal divine kingdom!"

Looking at the area of tens of millions of kilometers around him, Wang Xian revealed a look of shock.

"The divine leaf divine kingdom is not that big. Only the area around the divine tree in the center is the scope of the Divine Kingdom!"

The woman explained to Wang Xian with a smile.

"I see!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly. After the Dragon Palace was upgraded again, it wouldn't be as big as this!

"Let's go to the divine tree. Look, that's the pillar of our father's divine kingdom. It's an eternal lord-level divine tree!"

The two girls held his hand and flew towards the center of the Divine Tree. They pointed at the huge divine tree and said.

"It's really vast. Looks like I'll have to follow you two girls in the future!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked over. He could sense the majestic energy of the gigantic divine tree of the void. It was indeed an existence that could suppress an entire region.

The woman shook her head helplessly when she saw her two daughters leaving her behind.

In the air, Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. There were divine trees, divine herbs, divine vines, and divine flowers. It couldn't be said that they could be seen everywhere, but there were at least a few hundred of them.

These were only divine items that could be seen with the naked eye. There might be even more places that couldn't be seen.

This was the foundation of the Master of God. It was completely incomparable to the current Dragon Palace.

"Your Highness!"

When they flew above the divine trees, the two guards with six wisps of divine fire at the entrance immediately shouted respectfully.

Hua Er Cai'er nodded and pulled him up.

"Eh? Girls, I just returned and didn't sense your curiosity. So It's young master Wang!"

"Welcome, Young Master Wang!"

Just as they flew up into the sky, God Lord Shenye's figure suddenly appeared and said with a smile.

"Father, you're back!"

The two girls shouted with a smile.

"Shenye, how is it? Has the problem at the border with the Western Region been resolved?"

The woman came directly to the side of the Divine Lord Shen Ye and asked with concern.

"No, that demon cave is very strange. After I entered it, they sensed something and escaped immediately!"

"Forget it. Let's not talk about this. I'll get someone to prepare some food and have a meal with young master Wang. Today, I'll thank young master Wang properly!"

As the Divine Lord Shen Ye spoke, he invited Wang Xian.

He was very polite to Wang Xian.

If the rest of eternal divine leaf knew about his attitude, they would be shocked again!