Chapter 2085: 2085 recruitment of experts from the Dragon Palace

"Young master Wang, Come and have a taste of the divine tree tea leaves that I have personally cultivated. This tea leaves is the only one in the entire boundless galaxy!"

On the gigantic divine tree, Wang Xian Hua'er and Cai'er were already sitting at a wooden table with the god of leaves and his wife.

The surroundings did not seem luxurious, but it was filled with nature. Many of the items placed everywhere were divine artifacts.

The woman poured a cup of tea for Wang Xian and said with a smile on her face.

"Thank you, Sister Yan!"

Wang Xian nodded at the woman. "I don't have any other hobbies. I like drinking tea the most!"

Wang Xian could be considered Hua er cai ER's godfather. In front of their parents, God Lord Shenye and the rest asked him to address them as such.

He didn't reject them, regardless of age or seniority.

"Oh right, Old Wang, you like drinking tea the most. I will prepare a few catties for you later!"

"We will definitely serve you well when you come here!"

Hua Er immediately smiled and said when she heard Wang Xian's words.

"Alright, Alright!"

Wang Xian smiled.

The god of divine leaves twitched his mouth when he heard his daughter's words.

He had spent a lot of effort to cultivate this divine tree tea. It could only be a few catties in a thousand years.

He didn't even ask if his biological father would agree to it.

"Brother Wang, since you like drinking tea, please take some!"

However, as the god who suppressed the northern region, he could only force himself to agree with a smile on his face.

"Thank you, Brother Shenye!"

Wang Xian thanked him.

Wang Xian chatted with them as they ate. Of course, the topic of conversation was about the two little girls.

The god of Shenye and the rest were reminiscing about Hua'er's childhood. Wang Xian was also talking about how he met Hua'er back then.

They were talking about how Hua'er peed on his neck, which caused Hua'er to be extremely displeased. Hence, she started to fight with Wang Xian!

"Oh right, Brother Shenye, I heard you talking about the demon cave just now. Is this demon cave the same as the one in the Starfield back on Earth?"

After a few rounds, Wang Xian suddenly thought of the demon cave mentioned by Divine Lord Shenye.

Now, there was a problem on his side. He could no longer sense the demonic dragon's son of heaven.

In the past, he could still sense it, but now, he couldn't sense it at all.

"It's the Demon Cave!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, divine lord Shenye revealed a serious expression.

"The existence of the demon cave originated from the stronger Starfields. Those powerful Starfields are quite far away from us. Even I have never been there before!"

"The Starfield that your earth was in was called the Milky Way Starfield. Although it was not as powerful as the boundless starfield, it was still not weak!"

"However, due to the appearance of the Demon Cave, the powerful Starfields were reduced to ruins during the war!"

The divine leaf master said slowly and took a sip of tea!

"How did the demon cave appear?"

Wang Xian asked with some doubt. The son of the Devil Dragon seemed to have a lot to do with the demon cave.

However, he was indeed a human.

"It was summoned by some people through a special method. Some people wanted to obtain powerful powers and influence to summon such a terrifying thing!"

"Half a year ago, a demon cave appeared at the border between us and the southern region. Although it was a small area, we had to be prepared!"

"Now, this situation is not only happening here, but also in the other regions!"

The divine leaf master continued, "If we don't solve it in time, the boundless galaxy might turn into ruins just like the Milky Way galaxy back then!"

"Is it that serious?"

Wang Xian was astonished.

"Brother Wang, you have been staying with us for the past few days. You can go to the library and take a look. There are details about the demon lair!"

God Lord Shenye nodded his head slowly and said to him.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. Then, everyone changed the topic.

For the next few days, Wang Xian and the two girls had been strolling around the eternal divine kingdom.

When he had nothing to do, he would come to the library of the eternal divine leaves to check out some information.

This was also one of the reasons why he came here to learn more about the boundless star field.

One of the reasons was related to the existence of the demon lair.

The existence of the demon lair was due to someone making a deal with the demons to summon the demon Lair and nurture the demons.

The outbreak of the disaster was due to these demons losing control.

Yaoxie was greedy and bloodthirsty. They could evolve quickly by devouring the strong ones.

However, there was another benefit to Yaoxie. If one killed them and obtained the demon nucleus, their strength would increase.

In the beginning, the appearance of the demon lair was only to increase one's strength. Later on, it turned into a disaster due to various reasons.

"The appearance of the demon lair in the boundless star field. Could it be the doing of the son of Heaven Devil Dragon?"

Wang Xian revealed a puzzled expression.

At that time, the Demonic Dragon's son of Heaven had entered the vast void and brought along a few ancient lands of darkness.

Among them, there were a few ancient lands of darkness that Wang Xian and the rest had yet to deal with. There were seven to eight wisps of demonic fire in them.

"It's really possible that it's the work of the Demonic Dragon's son of Heaven!"

"Looks like I'll have to wipe it out the next time I meet him!"

Wang Xian muttered to himself as a thoughtful look appeared on his face.

Apart from the incident regarding the devil lair, Wang Xian had also checked other information. However, the entire boundless galaxy was too big. It would take him decades to finish reading all these resources.

In the next few days, there was something that surprised Wang Xian.

Some of the direct descendants of the Eternal Leaf God came to visit and brought him a lot of treasures.

There were not many descendants of the divine leaf god Lord, but there were dozens of them.

Each of them came to visit Wang Xian. The items they brought were at least comparable to a wisp of divine fire divine weapon. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This made Wang Xian receive a lot of resources.

Two months passed slowly. The two girls and Wang Xian spent two months exploring the entire divine leaf divine kingdom and the surrounding areas.

"Next, let's go to other planets to play!"

The two girls said to Wang Xian excitedly.

"Haven't you guys had enough fun in the past two months?"

Wang Xian looked at the energetic look of the two girls and shook his head helplessly.

"No Way. How could we have enough fun? We vow to explore all the life planets in the eastern region. Next time, bring your girls over. We will bring them out to see the world!"

The two little girls said with a smile.

Wang Xian shook his head.

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, he felt the communication device in the mother nest vibrating.

Wang Xian took it out and was slightly stunned when he saw the message from Prime Minister Gui.

During the period when he was away, he often contacted a group of girls. However, Prime Minister Gui rarely contacted him.

Buzz

He waved his arm and Prime Minister Gui's figure appeared!

"Dragon King, something has happened!"

Prime Minister Gui's figure appeared and his slightly anxious voice sounded.

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback and his expression changed slightly.

"What happened?"

He asked hurriedly.

"A powerful force has descended upon us. They want to recruit us into the Devil's Den battlefield. All the demigod powerhouses must participate!"

"At the beginning, we ignored them and killed the troublemakers. Now, many powerhouses have come. There are four to five of them with eight wisps of divine fire!"

Prime Minister Gui quickly reported!