Chapter 2086: 2086 Northern Region Alliance

"Dragon King, the situation here might be a little troublesome. Should we call Ao Xie over?"

In the video, Prime Minister Gui continued to report to Wang Xian.

The sudden arrival of some gods caught Prime Minister Gui and the rest off guard.

Especially at this time, the Strange Demon Dragon Guard and Ao Xie were not in the Dragon Palace. Facing four to five gods with eight wisps of divine fire, they did not have the strength to fight back.

Fortunately, the Dragon Palace was here. The current Dragon Palace was able to withstand all attacks below the level of the Eternal Lord.

"Are they the experts from Eternal Thunderclap?"

Wang Xian asked Prime Minister Gui with a serious expression.

"No, they seem to be a faction in the Northern Region!"

"According to the information we received, it seems that a demon den appeared in the northern region. Some evil spirits came out and some powerful factions formed an alliance!"

"However, there are countless demi-god level evil spirits in the demon cave. Therefore, they went to some abandoned planets to recruit demi-god level subordinates as cannon fodder!"

"This is the reason why there haven't been any gods coming to the planets for hundreds of thousands of years. There are godly experts coming!"

Prime Minister Gui continued speaking to him.

"A Demon Cave has appeared? Recruiting demi-god level cannon fodder?"

Wang Xian had a look of astonishment in his eyes.

Recently, he had been searching for information about the demon cave. However, he did not expect that something had happened on Earth due to the appearance of the Demon Cave.

"How's our understanding of the Northern Region going recently? What's the situation with this Northern Region Alliance?"

Wang Xian asked Prime Minister Gui.

"Dragon King, I have some understanding. The Northern Region Alliance was just established. In order to resist the demon cave, it is said that the demons in the demon cave have destroyed many planets!"

Prime Minister Gui's face was solemn.

"I will go back now!"

Wang Xian heard his report and did not hesitate.

"It's Dragon King!"

After the call ended, Wang Xian frowned slightly and looked at the two girls beside him.

"Are you going back?"

The two girls saw their conversation earlier and asked unhappily.

"There's no other way. I have to go back and settle this!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Do you want us to ask father to send some experts back with you?"

Cai Er said.

"No need. However, I need some resources. Girls, tell your father that the resources will be offset by the treasures from the energy tide!"

Wang Xian said to them immediately.

"No need. I will inform our father immediately!"

The two little girls knew that the Dragon Palace had encountered some trouble and immediately flew towards their father's location.

"Brother Wang, you have encountered some trouble. Do you need any help?"

Soon, Divine Master Shenye appeared in front of Wang Xian and asked him.

"Brother Shenye, I will not trouble you with other resources. I want to return immediately!"

Wang Xian nodded at him gratefully and said.

"I'll send you back. Give me the coordinates and I'll build a passageway for you!"

The Divine Master Shenye said immediately.

"Build a passageway?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. "If it's convenient, it'll be troublesome!"

If he were to fly back, it would take at least five to six days. Five to six days might cause a lot of accidents.

Wang Xian took out the starry sky map and told him the location on Earth.

"You guys are in the northern region? You have to be careful of eternal Thunderbolts in the future. The distance is a little far, so it might take some time. About an hour!"

When the Divine Master of Shenye saw the location that Wang Xian was pointing at, a hint of surprise appeared on his face as he said to him.

"HMM, I'll have to trouble brother Shenye then!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Master Shenye immediately went to prepare. The two girls handed him an interspatial ring.

Wang Xian took a look at the various herbs and elixirs in the interspatial ring. It was more than enough for him to level up!

"I'll give these god-beating branches to you guys. There's no use for me to keep them!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

As Wang Xian spoke, he took out the god-beating branches that the two girls had held when they were babies and returned them to them.

This god-slaying twigs had been on the ancestral tree for a long time and had yet to bear fruit. Its level was also a few levels lower than the soul-returning wood.

He might as well give it to the two girls and let them nurture it!

"Alright!"

It was not the first time the two girls had seen the god-slaying twigs. They reached out and took it.

"Brother Wang, the temporary void passageway has been constructed!"!

An hour passed by quickly.

God Lord Shenye walked over and said to Wang Xian.

"Thank you, Brother Shenye. I have to go over now!"

Wang Xian looked at the two-meter-wide passageway that was like a black hole and thanked him.

"We are a family. Welcome to the eternal divine leaf next time!"

God Lord Shenye said with a smile.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and entered the black hole directly.

He felt his vision turning black as he flew at a terrifying speed.

"This brother Wang is only in his thirties. I can't imagine how he managed to reach this stage!"

Seeing Wang Xian disappear, the divine lord of Shenye sighed.

Wang Xian's age had once shocked the divine lord of Shenye!

"Old Wang is really powerful. He might even be more powerful than father in the future!"

Hua'er raised her head slightly and said confidently.

They knew some secrets of the Dragon Palace. They believed that Wang Xian would be able to catch up with their father soon.

"Hehe, it's not that easy to step into the realm of the Eternal God Lord!"

The Divine Leaf God Lord said unwillingly when he saw that he was inferior to a young man in his daughter's heart.

"Oh?"

But at this moment, when his gaze fell on the god-striking twig in Hua Er's hand, his expression changed.

"This is... This is..."

His eyes flickered with a bright light as he pointed at the god-striking twig in Hua Er's hand.

"This is the god-striking twig... wasn't this given to us by Father in the past? It was also because of this that we were resurrected. But at that time, it seemed to have already withered. Now, it has been revived by Old Wang!"

"Old Wang said that this thing is very powerful. Its level is too low now!"

Hua'er said casually.

"Resurrected? He actually resurrected this thing? How is this possible? When I gave it to you back then, it had actually already withered!"

"Father was able to reach the eternal realm largely because of this withered branch back then. Because of its withering, along with some other reasons, I was called the god Lord of Withered Wood!"

A fiery expression appeared on god Lord Shenye's face.

He knew the value of this branch. When it had withered back then, it had allowed him to become an eternal god Lord, but now...

"Hitting the god branch doesn't just hit the divine realm. It also hits the eternal God Lord and the higher realms above!"

His expression changed.

"Father, is this useful to you? If it's useful, I'll give it to you. In the future, we'll ask Old Wang for a better one!"

Hua'er casually gave the god-striking branch to their father.

The Divine Leaf Divine Lord immediately took the god-striking branch, his arm trembling as he caressed it.

He did not think carefully about Hua'er's words.

And Hua'er Cai'er did not take the god-striking branch seriously either.

After all, they knew that in the Dragon Palace, this branch's level was the lowest, and other branches could bear fruit!