Chapter 2087: Even though 2087 was far away, he would definitely kill them

Buzz

At this moment, a black hole slowly appeared in the sky above Earth.

In the black hole, Wang Xian's figure appeared.

"The structure of the black hole took an hour to teleport me directly to the sky above Earth. It seems that the divine leaf master's strength is stronger than I imagined!"

"He is definitely not at the first level of the eternal divine master. He should be even higher!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he looked in the direction of Earth.

He could sense that there were waves of powerful auras on Earth.

"I have to increase my strength first!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he immediately took out one divine pill grass after another and swallowed them.

"I really didn't expect that there would be such a force in this poor and barren region!"

In the sky 100,000 meters above the ocean, more than 20 figures were floating. Their gazes swept across the entire earth, and greed appeared in their eyes.

"This should be a planet from another place. More than a dozen divine kingdoms are spread around. TSK TSK, if these divine kingdoms are properly modified, they can be used as a new divine kingdom!"

"They actually let a group of weaklings cultivate here. What a waste!"

A young man swept his gaze around, his face burning with fervor.

"Divine son, I suggest destroying the forces of this planet and enslaving the people of the entire planet!"

"There are at least several thousand demigod experts on the entire planet. Although there aren't many, they can be considered not bad!"

An elder at the side looked at the young man and spoke in a sinister tone.

"That palace in the ocean is a bit strange. Even if we join forces, we can't break through it!"

"It's fine. Zhao Yuan has already gone to the divine dynasty to get the array formation. As long as the array formation arrives, they will die if they don't submit!"

A few elders in the center were chatting.

"This is truly a pleasant surprise. Although the appearance of the Devil Den is dangerous, it might not be an opportunity!"

The young man said indifferently, his eyes flashing with intense desire.

The appearance of the Devil Den had directly occupied several planets, causing the experts of more than a hundred planets in the northern region to feel uneasy.

However, after half a year, eternal thunderclap only protected their planet and completely ignored the devil's Den in the outside world.

This caused the other factions in the northern region to unite.

Now, in order to fight against the countless demonic beasts, some factions headed to the abandoned planet in search of cannon fodder.

The so-called abandoned planet was a planet that did not have enough resources to give birth to gods.

However, what surprised the central Sky dynasty was that the gods they sent out had actually fallen.

Following that, the experts of the Central Sky dynasty arrived and discovered the existence of earth.

More than a dozen divine kingdoms stood erect, and powerful palaces were situated in the ocean. Everything on Earth filled them with shock.

This was a treasure trove!

"Since that bunch of fellows are hiding inside and won't come out, then we'll find a place to rest first. When Zhao Yuan arrives, we'll take over this planet!"

The divine son of the Divine Dynasty said with a smile on his face. His body moved, and he flew directly toward the land.

The gods immediately followed behind him and flew toward the land.

However, at this moment, the entire earth was shocked by what had just happened.

More than twenty terrifying experts continuously attacked the dragon palace and shouted in the sky.

A demon monkey from the Dragon Palace came out to fight, but he was injured.

"What faction are those twenty gods from? Why didn't the Dragon King and the others kill them?"

"With the Dragon Palace's strength, it should be enough to kill them, but they can't be arrogant!"

"Yeah, what about that dragon palace expert who could even suppress the Eternal God Lord? Why didn't they take action?"

In reality and on the Internet, countless people were discussing.

Although the more than twenty gods that suddenly appeared were very strong, in their opinion, they should be much weaker than the Guangyi god Lord and the hundreds of gods that surrounded them.

"Maybe the Dragon King and the experts of the Dragon Palace aren't here!"

Some people guessed.

"This planet is very interesting!"

In a coastal city, more than twenty experts of the Tianyang Divine dynasty were floating in the sky.

The divine son of the Divine Dynasty looked down and landed directly on the ground.

"It's that group of people!"

In the city, some people noticed that more than twenty people who had attacked the Dragon Palace were flying toward them, and their expressions changed instantly.

"Not good, what are they going to do?"

Looking at them, everyone looked nervous.

Buzz

The divine son of dynasty landed on the ground and looked around.

Some people on Earth saw them and immediately hid away cautiously.

"Catch some pretty girls and let's relax. We'll wait for Zhao Yuan!"

The divine son of dynasty glanced around with his dark eyes and said to a middle-aged man beside him.

"Keke, good divine son, leave it to me!"

The middle-aged man disappeared instantly.

"What are you going to do? I'm warning you. Don't do anything reckless. Otherwise, the experts of the Dragon Palace won't Let You Go!"

"Damn it, what are you going to do? Ahhh!"

Soon, screams and angry voices came from the surroundings.

"What an annoying bunch of ants!"

"Boom!"

A slightly displeased voice sounded, and the area dozens of kilometers in front of them was instantly flattened!

At this moment, the faces of everyone in the city changed dramatically. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Not good, Prime Minister Gui. Those twenty-some experts went to Moon City and killed a lot of people!"

At the position of the Dragon Palace, a picture was transmitted to the Dragon King's Palace in the Dragon Palace.

More than twenty gods clearly appeared in the picture.

The brutal middle-aged man casually razed the area dozens of kilometers in front of them to the ground, killing many people. They could see it clearly.

"Vaughn's strength is not enough to fight them at the moment. Let's wait for the Dragon King to arrive!"

Prime Minister Gui frowned slightly.

"I don't know how long it will take for Xiao Xian to arrive. Damn it, when Xiao Xian arrives, we will destroy them!"

The girls looked at this scene with some anger.

"The Dragon King is in the eastern region and is very far away from us. It will take at least seven or eight days for him to arrive!"

Prime Minister Gui said as he looked at the scene in front of him. "I hope they don't kill people wantonly. Otherwise, it will be a disaster for the people of Earth!"

The group of girls looked at the scene in the picture angrily.

Twenty to thirty pretty girls were caught, and their faces were filled with shame and anger.

"Let us go... otherwise... otherwise, the Dragon King won't let you go. The powerhouses of the Dragon Palace will kill you!"

A girl stared at the people of the Tianyang Divine dynasty in horror and shouted loudly.

"TSK TSK, your temper is really fierce. In the future, your entire planet will be an affiliated planet of our Tianyang Divine Dynasty. All of you will be our slaves. What Dragon King? Dragon Palace?"

"The people in the palace in the ocean are still hiding inside and don't dare to come out. Don't worry, they will soon either submit or Die!"

The son of God Chao moved his palm and grabbed the girl's neck with a mocking smile!