Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2088: 2088 would definitely kill them

Fear, anger, and humiliation!

In the center of the coastal city, Moon City, a group of girls looked at the gods of the Tianyang dynasty with pale faces!

"Is this Tianyang dynasty an existence that the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King can't afford to provoke?"

The girls were panicking.

Dozens of kilometers away, they looked over with anger on their faces.

"God dynasty, what kind of existence can be called God Dynasty?"

"This Tianyang God dynasty should be very powerful. Otherwise, with the strength of the Dragon Palace, they should be able to kill them, right?"

Hearing their words, the people around them looked very embarrassed.

More than twenty gods suddenly attacked the group of girls. They could imagine the tragic fate of those girls.

Damn it!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon's roar suddenly came from the sky.

A seven-colored light suddenly appeared in the void above.

An enormous figure was faintly shining in the void.

"Huh?"

The gods of the divine dynasty were slightly stunned. They looked at the sky and frowned slightly.

"What happened? What Happened?"

The divine son of the Divine Dynasty raised his eyebrows and looked at the sky.

"Dragon King, it's the Dragon King. I didn't expect the Dragon King to arrive so quickly!"

"Little Xian is here!"

At this moment, when the dragon's roar and majestic aura sounded, Prime Minister Gui and the rest of the group of girls'surprised voices came from the Dragon Palace.

"Come, Let's Go!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately ordered the group of experts from the Dragon Palace.

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: three Wisps of Divine Fire -LRB-fifth transformation of DivinevDragonaTransformationtion)

Divine Crystal: 115.4 million/10 billion

Supernatural ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below their level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 6.

Dragon Palace members: 32,633

In the Void, Wang Xian slowly opened his eyes and looked at his own attributes in his mind. A smile appeared on his face.

His strength had improved once again.

With the cultivation of three wisps of divine fire, he was comparable to a god with nine wisps of divine fire.

Nine Wisps of divine fire were considered top-notch existences in the entire boundless star field.

"The resources required for the next improvement are increasing!"

"However, I should settle the matter in front of Me First!"

Wang Xian looked down and his eyes were filled with cold killing intent.

The seven-colored light around him slowly disappeared. He turned into a human and stared at the more than 20 gods below with a cold gaze.

When the seven-colored light disappeared, the more than 20 gods of the Tian Yang Divine Dynasty met Wang Xian's eyes.

"Who is this person?"

The son of God of the Divine dynasty stared at Wang Xian with a puzzled expression.

"Is he a passing god or someone from this planet?"

An old man shouted faintly. His voice reverberated across the entire sky and clearly entered Wang Xian's mind.

"How dare you invade our Earth. Are you prepared to die?"

Wang Xian ignored the old man's words and slowly flew towards the ground. His gaze was locked onto them and was filled with killing intent.

"It's the Dragon King! It's the Dragon King!"

When the group of captured girls saw Wang Xian appearing, their faces revealed a look of hope as they shouted excitedly.

"The Dragon King is here. I knew it! It must be the absence of the experts from the Dragon Palace that caused this group of people to be so arrogant. Since the Dragon King is here, I'm sure that those people are dead for sure!"

"Of course! Since the Dragon King is here, they must die. Kill their group of Intruders!"

When the people who were paying attention to this side saw the appearance of Wang Xian, they were all excited.

"Dragon King? The people from the Palace?"

When the gods of the Tianyang dynasty saw Wang Xian flying toward them, they raised their eyebrows slightly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, roars were heard from the sea.

Nine Green Dragons flew toward them in a row, emitting endless dragon might.

A group of berserk devil monkeys, archers with bows on their backs, powerful creatures with spears and thunder hammers in their hands...

Their bodies were emitting a violent aura as they flew in this direction.

"Oh? It's the members of the Dragon Palace?"

"It should be. There are actually so many godly state experts!"

Seeing the group of gods and experts flying over from the palace, the people from the divine central dynasty were slightly stunned, their faces revealing shock.

There were at least 70 to 80 gods in this group. With so many gods, there were more than twice as many as the gods from their central God dynasty.

"Damn it, how can they have so many gods! ?"

The face of the son of God from the central God dynasty changed slightly. His face was filled with shock.

The faces of the other gods also changed slightly.

"Don't worry. Basically, they are all gods below six wisps of divine fire. To us, they are not worth mentioning!"

An old man's eyes flashed with a demonic luster as he spoke with a calm expression.

"That's right. They are all a bunch of weak gods. They are not afraid at all!"

Another god with eight wisps of divine fire spoke with a calm expression.

"Dragon King!"

The nine green dragons and the members of the Dragon Palace came behind Wang Xian and shouted in a low voice. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Let Them Go!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. He looked down at the more than 20 gods below and said coldly.

"Let them go. Hahaha, what right do you have to make me let them go? They are just ants. So what if I kill them?"

The middle-aged God who was holding the group of girls revealed a grim expression.

All of a sudden, he waved his arm and a terrifying force landed on the group of girls!

Even though Wang Xian's strength had increased, he didn't have the time to stop them even though they were only a dozen meters away!

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of pain rang out as more than 30 girls were killed instantly!

They couldn't put up any resistance at all!

"Damn it!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, a terrifying killing intent shot out from his eyes.

"I really didn't expect such a small planet to have such gods and treasures. This is even better. The more gods there are, the greater our profits will be. Keke!"

A God with eight wisps of divine fire said with a smile on his face.

"I want to destroy all of you and your entire force!"

A brutal aura came from Wang Xian's body. His face was filled with frost. In the sky, the Divine Kingdom's Dragon Palace appeared in an instant.

Waves of majestic strength were added to his body.

"You dare to come to earth to stir up trouble and kill people. Today, I will make all of you suffer a fate worse than death!"

Wang Xian let out a low growl and the five elements millstone immediately appeared in front of him.

Buzz

In the Dragon Palace, a vast amount of energy landed on the five elements millstone. The terrifying energy caused the five elements millstone to tremble slightly!

Roar! Roar! Roar

The five divine dragons sensed Wang Xian's anger and let out an angry roar!

The huge five elements millstone started to spin and emitted an aura of annihilation!

"Suppress!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the huge millstone of five elements suppressed them!

"What kind of divine weapon is this? !"

The gods of the Tianyang dynasty felt the power coming from the sky. At this moment, their expressions changed.

"HMPH, you only have two gods with eight wisps of divine fire at most. Do you want to fight against us?"

An old man with eight wisps of divine fire had a sinister expression on his face.

When Wang Xian appeared earlier, they could feel the might of Wang Xian. At most, there were eight wisps of divine fire.

Although the might that erupted now shocked them, they were still not afraid.

They had five gods with eight wisps of divine fire.

They did not know how terrifying Wang Xian was when he used his full strength to summon the divine kingdom!