Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2089: 2089 invaders would be killed even if they were far away

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The five divine dragons on the five elements Millstone raised their heads and roared. Gray chains flew out of their bodies.

At the same time, a gray aura that was like the sky directly descended from above.

"Attack!"

The expressions of the experts from the Tianyang Divine dynasty changed slightly. They directly attacked the five elements millstone above them.

In an instant, boundless energy shot into the sky, and the destructive energy caused the entire moon city to seem to be in a terrifying state.

"Divine Wind Soul!"

The five gods with eight wisps of divine fire shouted at the same time, and gusts of wind formed a human face, tearing towards the sky.

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

The destructive power of the five elements landed on the wind-shaped human faces, and the human faces slowly split apart.

The destructive power of the five elements continued to cover the area below.

"Hualala!"

Following that, chains attacked them one after another.

"What?"

The expressions of the people from the divine union changed slightly, and a hint of shock appeared in their eyes.

"Impossible! How can the combined attack of the five of US be defeated? !"

An old man with eight wisps of divine fire roared with a face full of shock.

"Activate the Divine Kingdom!"

An old man immediately roared loudly, and a Green Valley appeared in the sky!

"Wind source divine kingdom!"

The expressions of the more than 20 gods from the Tian Yang Divine dynasty changed, and they immediately activated their massive divine kingdoms.

When the divine kingdoms appeared, they immediately blocked the grayish destructive power.

"Hualala!"

However, what happened next shocked them. Countless chains wrapped around the divine kingdoms.

The terrifying chains seemed to be endless as they wrapped around all the divine kingdoms.

"Hualala!"

Following that, the chains were like thorns as they completely bound the entire divine kingdom!

"How is this possible!"

The gods from the Tian Yang Divine Dynasty looked at the divine kingdoms that were completely bound. Their faces were filled with fear.

They raised their heads and looked at the 20 divine kingdoms that were thousands of kilometers in the sky. A hint of panic appeared on their faces.

All of their divine kingdoms were actually restrained. His strength was definitely the existence of nine wisps of divine fire!

At the thought of this, everyone was shocked!

Buzz

At this moment, they saw a figure appearing below their imprisoned divine kingdoms.

Wang Xian's gaze was fixed on the figure below. A cold expression appeared in his eyes.

Looking at that pair of cold eyes, their faces stiffened!

Buzz

Wang Xian took a light step forward and the yin and yang dual polarity diagram appeared under his feet.

The two poles rotated and headed towards them.

"Damn it, run! We are not their match!"

A God with eight wisps of divine fire shouted in fear.

"Son of deity, run!"

An elder grabbed the son of deity from the dynasty and wanted to escape into the void.

Buzz

However, at this moment, the Yin and yang patterns landed on their heads in an instant, completely enveloping them.

"Oh no, break this thing!"

An old man with eight wisps of divine fire hurriedly shouted.

Boom

Without needing him to say anything, the attacks landed on the yin and yang patterns. However, their attacks did not leave any marks on them.

Wang Xian clawed with his arm. The pattern of the yin and yang poles was like a cloth bag, trapping everyone inside.

Boom

The next moment, a terrifying flame ignited in the cloth bag of the yin and yang poles!

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of pain rang out instantly. The faces of the more than 20 people from the Tianyang Divine dynasty who were trapped revealed pained screams.

"Let us go immediately! Let Us Go! Otherwise, our Tianyang Divine Dynasty will not let you go!"

The divine sons of the Divine Dynasty revealed a pained expression as they shouted sternly.

"Splash!"

In the next moment, the Flames passed and were replaced by a swamp-like sea water.

The sea water was like needles as it drilled into their bodies.

"Gulp! Gulp!"

They were completely unable to speak in the sea water. Their faces were filled with fear.

"Well done. Kill them and torture them to death!"

"Damn this fellow. He actually killed so many of us. Kill them all!"

Everyone in the surroundings looked excited when they saw the fate of the twenty over people.

Splash

After a full ten minutes, the sea water disappeared.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

However, everything was not over yet. Thorns pierced through their bodies, their flesh and blood, and tied them up completely!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and ignored their screams. He brought them into the Dragon Palace.

"What is he doing? What is he doing? !"

The son of deity from the dynasty, who was covered in blood, looked at Wang Xian in horror. His body was trembling non-stop.

"We're doomed. We're doomed. I didn't expect them to have nine wisps of divine fire. We're in trouble now!"

The other five gods with eight wisps of divine fire were filled with panic. The threat of death lingered in their minds.

Splash

After entering the ocean, the Dragon Palace was situated in the ocean as well. He brought the people from the divine dynasty of Tianyang directly into the Dragon Palace.

"Little Xian!"

"Dragon King!"

A group of girls and members of the Dragon Palace came over and shouted immediately.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded at them. He came to the Dragon King's Palace and sat on the Dragon Throne. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

With a wave of his arm, more than 20 people fell in front of the Dragon King's Palace!

"Let us go, as long as you are willing to let us go..."

The son of deity of Shen Chao was trembling slightly. He stared at Wang Xian who was on the dragon throne and shouted in fear.

However, before he could finish his words, his eyes froze for a moment. Wang Xian waved his arm.

Boom

A terrifying force landed on his body. Shen Chao's body was instantly killed.

"You... you actually dared to kill the son of deity of our Shen Chao. Are you trying to make an enemy out of our Tian Yang Shen Chao?"

An old man with eight wisps of divine fire had a drastic change of expression when he saw this scene. He shouted in a threatening manner.

"What a load of Crap!"

Ao qitian raised the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand and smashed it directly on the head of the old man.

"Bang!"

The terrifying power caused him to lose all his vitality in an instant.

"No, no, no!"

The faces of the other twenty or so gods were filled with despair when they saw the son of God and a Lord with eight wisps of divine fire being killed.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian once again used the soul-absorbing ability on a god with eight wisps of divine fire.

After absorbing two souls, it was enough to get the information he wanted!

"Kill them all!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui and the rest indifferently.

"It's the Dragon King!"

"You can't Kill Us. If you kill us, our Tianyang Empire will seek revenge on you!"

"Don't kill me. I surrender, I surrender!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, mournful voices rang out one after another.

He sat on the dragon throne and digested the memories of the two of them. He ignored their screams.

Soon, the screams came to an abrupt end, leaving behind corpses whose eyes were filled with regret.

"Phew!"

Half an hour later, Wang Xian opened his eyes with a slightly pale face.

Digesting the memories of the two of them had exhausted him greatly.