Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2090: Above the 2090 god-destroying dynasty

"Dragon King, we know a little about the Tianyang Divine dynasty. They are a powerful force in the northern region. Other than eternal thunderclap, they should be able to rank in the top five and occupy four planets!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately reported when he saw Wang Xian opening his eyes.

"Yes, I have already understood from their memories!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slowly.

After absorbing the memories of the son of God of the Divine Dynasty and the eight wisps of divine fire, Wang Xian had a basic understanding of the situation in the northern region.

The Tian Yang Divine Dynasty was a powerful divine dynasty with four life planets. The current emperor of the Divine Dynasty had the strength of nine wisps of divine fire.

At the same time, the Emperor of the Divine Dynasty was also the only God of the Tian Yang Divine dynasty with nine wisps of divine fire.

"Since they want to enslave us, we naturally can't let them off so easily!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold glint.

He swept his gaze across the corpses on the ground. With a wave of his arm, some of the corpses in his mother nest were thrown out as well.

There were six corpses of gods, two of which had seven wisps of divine fire and one of which had eight wisps of divine fire.

Together with the corpses of the Celestials from the Tianyang Celestial Dynasty, Wang Xian was able to nurture three to four members of the Dragon Palace whose combat strength was comparable to eight wisps of divine fire!

"Choose four members from the berserk dragon and Starwood Dragon species and upgrade them to their full strength!"

"In addition, give the Thunder attribute divinity to the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division and let Mou Zesen and the rest transform into the arrow dragon species!"

Wang Xian ordered the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace replied loudly. Ao Qi immediately led three experts to increase their strength.

"This is the information regarding the Devil Den and the Divine Dynasty!"

With a thought, Wang Xian passed the information to Prime Minister Gui.

After Prime Minister Gui received the information, his eyes sparkled with wisdom!

"The appearance of the Devil Den may be far away from us, but the Devil Den is also an opportunity for the Dragon Palace!"

"Besides, Dragon King, we can't stay in this remote place where resources are scarce!"

Prime Minister Gui pondered for a while and said.

"The best case scenario is that we can join the alliance of the forces in the northern region. Only then can our dragon palace truly enter the boundless galaxy!"

Prime Minister Gui continued to add.

"That's right. If we want to establish ourselves in the boundless galaxy, we can't stay in this remote area. The Demon Cave is a good battlefield for our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"If we want to truly step into the boundless galaxy and step into the eyes of the various forces, we must obtain their approval!"

Only after obtaining their approval would they be able to conduct exchanges and transactions with them.

The Fire Hammer clan of the Dragon Palace were all extremely powerful blacksmiths.

Although it was a little difficult to forge divine weapons at the moment, a weapon at the level of a demigod was still a huge fortune!

"Get Ready. After Ao Qi, AO xingmu, and the rest have improved their strength, we will go and destroy the Tianyang Divine Dynasty!"

A strong battle intent shot out from Wang Xian's eyes as he stood up slowly.

He was very clear about the strength of the Tianyang Divine Dynasty. Among the nine divine flames, there were six emperors and eight divine flames. Currently, five of them had been killed by him.

In total, there were more than thirty gods in the entire divine dynasty!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded.

After destroying the Tianyang Divine dynasty, the Dragon Palace would step onto the stage of the northern region.

"Little Xian, if you want to destroy the Tianyang Divine dynasty, I'll take over the continent of that planet!"

Feng Luan, who was sitting at the side, suddenly spoke.

"Yes, we can't be idle every day. Little Xian, you manage the affairs of the Dragon Palace. We and sister Feng Luan will establish a divine dynasty that belongs to us!"

The group of girls said to Wang Xian.

"We will be in charge of the dynasty in the future. Let's see who can improve faster!"

Lan qingyue glanced at Guan Shuqing and the rest with confidence. Finally, she landed her gaze on Wang Xian.

"Oh? That's good too. Take care of your own safety in the future!"

Wang Xian said with a smile when he saw that they were filled with fighting spirit!

"Sister Qingyue's inheritance is not much worse than your Dragon Palace's. Let's wait and see!"

Feng Luan smiled!

Lan Qingyue's kun-rearing master's inheritance, Feng Luan's and Guan Shuqing's Divine Phoenix Dragon Bloodline.

Ling Jian 'ER's heartless sword path combined with the Divine Dragon Bloodline, Sun Lingxiu's body of light origin combined with the Divine Dragon Bloodline.

Fan Qinglan's bone dragon physique was most likely Zhang Fengying's physique.

Even so, she possessed the bloodline of the Divine Dragon.

Their abilities and talents were not something that the people in the boundless star field could compare to.

A physique and bloodline of their level would only appear in higher star fields.

"Roar! Roar!"

A day later, an excited roar came from the Dragon Pool.

Ao Qiao Xingmu flew out from the dragon pool with two berserk dragon species!

"Dragon King!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

They came to the Dragon King's Hall and bowed to Wang Xian who was reading a book on the Dragon Throne.

"Very good!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and smiled.

Ao Qi, AO xingmu, AO qitian, and the two berserk dragon species were a total of five members. All of them had lit up five wisps of divine fire.

Their strength was sufficient to fight against or even kill the god of eight wisps of divine fire.

"Prime Minister Gui, get everyone ready!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King. We Are Ready!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head heavily.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian moved his body and the nine green dragons followed behind him.

Soon, they arrived at the location of the teleportation formation.

Buzz

The nine green dragons transformed into human form and disappeared into the formation with Wang Xian.

When they reappeared in the city of freedom, Wang Xian immediately teleported towards Tianyang planet based on the memories he obtained.

Tianyang planet was the main planet of the Tianyang dynasty. The entire planet was two to three hundred times the size of earth!

Tianyang planet was considered to be one of the top planets in the entire northern region.

Under the suppression of the dynasty, the emperor of the dynasty ruled the world.

As one of the more powerful planets in the northern region, there were quite a number of people who came and went.

The teleportation formation of the Tianyang Celestial Dynasty was located at the top of a mountain peak.

There was a platform with a radius of ten kilometers on the entire mountain peak. Tens of thousands of people were entering and leaving the area!

Buzz

On the platform of the mountain peak, the figures of Wang Xian and the rest appeared slowly.

"We will be teleported to the free planet first. Then, we will make a transit through the free planet and fly to the edge of the Northern Region!"

"With these formations, we will be able to break through those formations. At that time, that planet will belong to us!"

"Lord Zhao, after you guys go there this time, if you guys succeed, the emperor will be overjoyed and will definitely reward you handsomely!"

Wang Xian had just arrived at the teleportation formation on the peak of Tianyang planet through the formation when he heard voices coming from the surroundings.

"Huh?"

He raised his eyebrows slightly and looked to the side.

A middle-aged man had an excited look on his face as he led the four gods to step into the teleportation formation at the side and prepared to teleport.

They didn't know that Earth had a formation that led to the free planet so they could only fly over.

"Everyone, there's no need to go over!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said faintly.