Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2091: In the god-destroying dynasty 2091

"Everyone, there's no need to go over!"

The abrupt voice entered the ears of the middle-aged man and the other four godly state experts, causing them to be slightly stunned.

"HMM?"

The middle-aged man was Zhao Yuan, who had come to retrieve the formation. When he heard Wang Xian's words, he revealed a stunned expression.

He narrowed his eyes slightly and immediately looked at Wang Xian.

At this moment, Wang Xian's appearance was slightly different from before. The biggest change was that he had a pair of dragon horns on his head.

The seven-colored dragon horns made his young face look majestic.

The seven-colored Dragon Robe added a hint of majesty.

This image was mainly because Wang Xian wanted to avoid some trouble.

During the energy tide, he killed three powerhouses from Eternal Shocking Thunder. Many people from eternal shocking thunder saw his face.

He was now in the northern region. News of the rise of the Dragon Palace would definitely be passed to eternal shocking thunder.

Therefore, in order to prevent his identity from being recognized, he revealed his dragon horn.

With his dragon horn, he looked more special than before. He had the temperament of a divine dragon.

What a handsome stroke!

"Who are you guys?"

He had a cold expression. The Aura on his body slowly condensed as he stared at Wang Xian and the rest coldly.

This was an important official of the Tian Yang Divine Empire. On Tian Yang planet, he was unafraid of anyone.

"Eh? Where did this kid come from?"

The other four godly state experts looked at Wang Xian with cold eyes.

Buzz

However, the next moment, their faces were filled with fear and cold sweat.

A huge claw suddenly attacked them.

The colorful claw looked very beautiful, but it contained a terrifying energy.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The moment Wang Xian made his move, the defensive formation at the top of the mountain let out a warning sound.

"Who dares to cause trouble in our Tian Yang dynasty? !"

A furious voice came from the stone houses around the teleportation formation. Following that, an army of more than ten thousand people immediately flew over.

There must be strong people guarding around the teleportation formation on every planet to prevent anyone from attacking!

"Roar, you're courting death!"

Zhao Yuan revealed an angry expression when he saw Wang Xian's dragon claw attacking him.

He was wearing a golden glove in his hand as he attacked the dragon claw directly.

Crack! Crack

In just an instant, the golden fist radiance was easily blocked. The Dragon Claw grabbed onto their bodies easily.

Buzz

In an instant, the wailing of heaven and earth sounded. Everyone within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers could sense that a God had fallen here!

"General Zhao!"

"Surround them and kill them all!"

"Shut down the teleportation formation!"

When a god of six wisps of divine fire who was guarding the area saw that Zhao Yuan was killed, his expression changed drastically.

He stared at Wang Xian warily and shouted at the soldiers around him.

"Not good, someone dares to cause trouble in the Tian Yang Divine Empire!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"They've killed someone. Those few people actually dared to cause trouble in the Tian Yang Divine Empire!"

The expressions of the people around the teleportation formation changed slightly. They quickly hid into the distance.

"Are those ten people courting death? They actually dared to provoke the Tian Yang Celestial Empire!"

Some of them swept their gaze across Wang Xian and the rest. Their faces were filled with shock.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at the next moment, terrifying dragon roars rang out on the continent of the Tian Yang Celestial Empire.

The nine divine wind dragons moved and immediately transformed into their divine dragon form. Their gigantic bodies, which were about 8,000 meters long, swayed in the void.

A terrifying pressure immediately rushed towards the surroundings.

The three wind dragons had enormous dragon wings. Wind Dragons were the only divine dragons among the divine dragons that had wings.

They were also the fastest divine dragons.

The nine wind dragons had already ignited two wisps of divine fire. The Divine Dragon's bloodline and system allowed it to contend against five wisps of divine fire.

The nine wind dragons'enormous pressure swept towards the surroundings.

Behind the Nine Wind Divine Dragons, a dragon throne slowly appeared.

Buzz

Wang Xian's body moved and flew directly to the dragon throne.

From Afar, nine terrifying creatures were pulling a dragon throne. A young man with seven-colored horns was sitting on it, exuding endless majesty!

"Kingdom of God, the Dragon Palace has descended!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne. His body trembled and the Dragon Palace slowly appeared behind him.

At this moment, there were 20,000 warriors from the Dragon Palace gathered at the East Gate of the Dragon Palace!

After the Dragon Palace had taken over six planets, the number of members had increased to more than 36,000.

Even without the strange demon and the Dragon Guards, there were still more than 20,000 warriors.

Even if they were new members, they had the cultivation base of an eighth or ninth level demigod.

After all, Wang Xian had left half of the resources behind to increase the strength of the members who had just joined.

More than 20,000 members held weapons in their hands. Each and every one of them exuded a strong fighting spirit.

At the forefront, 60 members of the Dragon Palace who were at the godly state stood at the forefront.

60 members. This was also the reason why Wang Xian deliberately hid the strength of the Dragon Palace.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The sound of sharp blades rang out. The ocean below the Dragon Palace churned. The Dragon Palace, which was more than 1,000 kilometers long, exuded a sacred majesty.

The guards around the teleportation array were completely stunned when they saw this scene!

They watched this scene in shock, their mouths slightly agape.

"You... What are you trying to do? Let me tell you, this is our Tianyang Divine dynasty. Are you trying to make an enemy out of our Tianyang Divine Dynasty?"

The six wisps of divine fire guard swallowed a mouthful of saliva in fear, his expression changing as he shouted.

"A day ago, the divine sons of your Tianyang Divine Dynasty, five eight wisps of Divine Fire Gods and a group of gods headed to the land of the Dragon Palace!"

"They killed over 10,000 people. Today, the Dragon Palace is here to destroy the Divine Dynasty!"

Wang Xian stared at the area below and shouted with a cold expression!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

As soon as he finished his sentence, arrows were shot towards the area below.

Two of the arrows spun with wind and thunder, containing a terrifying pressure.

"Damn it, they dare to attack our Tianyang Dynasty!"

When the guardian of the six wisps of divine fire saw the densely packed arrows in the sky, his expression changed drastically!

"Block, block them!"

He immediately roared. Among the tens of thousands of soldiers behind him, there were archers and cultivators holding magic staffs.

They brandished their weapons to meet the dense arrows.

The Guardian of the six wisps of divine fire and the five other gods beside him immediately unleashed powerful defenses.

"Crackle!"

The instant they attacked, Ao Qi, who held a giant hammer in one hand and a spear in the other, raised both his hands in the sky.

The giant hammer struck the spear heavily, and a blood-red bolt of lightning struck the six gods below.

Crack! Crack! Crack

In an instant, the defense in front of them collapsed, and the power of lightning fell on their bodies.

The Guardian of the six wisps of divine fire froze, and he stared at the sky in horror.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At the same time, the hundreds of thousands of arrows shot by the 2,500 heavenly eye archers covered the army of more than 10,000 people.

The sounds of explosions and screams rang out!

Those who came to attack the Dragon Palace, although far away, must be killed!