Chapter 2092: 2092 god-exterminating dynasty

"Hiss, this... what a terrifying force. Who are they? The Dragon Palace? How come we've never heard of them?"

"I don't know. Let's get out of here, get out of here. They're so powerful. A Great War is going to break out in the entire skycenter dynasty!"

"Are they here to invade us? Damn it!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Booming sounds and miserable screams rang out. Some of the citizens of the Skyend Celestial Dynasty looked at this scene in shock!

Some were shocked, while others were furious!

"Not good. I'm afraid that the teleportation array is about to be lost!"

Some of the disciples of the Skyend Celestial Dynasty looked forward, and their expressions changed slightly.

They immediately spread the news of what had happened here.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In the world, the sound of gods dying came one after another.

Wang Xian looked down. There were a few gods, the highest six wisps of divine fire, an army of more than 10,000 soldiers, and every soldier had at least the cultivation level of a demigod!

In front of the Dragon Palace, these powers were not worth mentioning at all.

Just one round of attacks from the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division had killed everyone.

"Put the corpses away. Also, Ao Xingmu, lead some people to guard this place to prevent anyone from entering after the formation is activated!"

Wang Xian looked at the corpses on the ground and gave an order to Ao Xingmu.

"It's the Dragon King. Leave the teleportation here to me!"

Ao Xingmu nodded immediately and gestured to his celestial-level subordinates.

He moved his body and hovered above the mountain peak within a radius of ten kilometers.

"Hualala!"

Slowly, the thorns under his body began to extend and easily covered the entire teleportation site.

The entire mountain peak was completely covered by him. Without the strength of the nine wisps of divine fire, one could forget about stepping into this place!

"Hiss!"

At least a few million people in the surroundings were paying attention to this place. When they saw that the entire teleportation formation of the mountain peak was covered by a terrifying creature, all of them sucked in a breath of cold air.

"Let's go to the main city of the Tianyang Divine Empire, the Tianyang Divine City!"

Wang Xian ignored the few million people around him. He spoke to the nine wind divine dragons and passed them the route.

"Roar! Roar!"

The few wind divine dragons flapped their huge wings and pulled their dragon chairs as they flew towards the east.

Behind them, the Divine Kingdom's Dragon Palace was located behind Wang Xian. At the East Gate of the Dragon Palace, a group of experts from the Dragon Palace were standing there. They were filled with fighting spirit.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The wind god Dragon roared and resounded across the entire sky.

The powerful aura caused everyone within a few thousand kilometers to turn pale. Their faces were filled with shock!

"Their strength is so strong. I wonder if our Tian Yang divine dynasty can withstand them!"

Some people were extremely astonished as they muttered!

They looked at the majestic young man with horns on his head on the Dragon Throne with fear!

The distance from the divine city was not very far.

The distance of a million kilometers was very fast for them.

As the main city of the divine dynasty, the entire city was extremely huge. The city was located in the center of the valley of wind, and the energy of the wind attribute was extremely dense above the valley of wind.

In the sky, all kinds of wind attribute demonic beasts were flying.

The entire city covered an area of more than 10,000 kilometers, and it looked extremely vast from afar.

There were at least hundreds of millions of humans living in the Tianyang Divine City.

Wind Towers that were more than 100,000 meters tall stood in the four directions of the entire divine city.

However, at this moment, the entire divine city was silent. It was located in the valley of wind, but there was not the slightest sound of wind.

The five wind towers were emitting green rays of light. Rays of light enveloped the incomparably huge divine city.

It was located at the West Gate, which was opposite where Wang Xian flew over. There were already a million people gathered there.

Among the million-strong army, there were 100,000 demonic beasts riding on rhinoceros-like mounts at the forefront of the ground. Each demonic beast was exuding a violent aura.

The aura of each demon beast was not weaker than that of a demigod.

In the sky, there were also 100,000 people riding on the mounts of green demon beasts like goshawks.

They flapped their green wings, and their sharp eyes revealed their sharpness!

On the body of the goshawk demon beasts, each of them held a bow and arrow in their hands and wore a special metal mask.

The position of the mask's eyes flickered with a luster. Clearly, this kind of weapon was very important to archers.

In the center of the land and the sky, which was also the position on the city wall, many figures stood there.

The most eye-catching one was the burly figure in the center, which was at least three meters tall.

He was wearing a long green robe, and in the middle of the robe, there was an embroidered pattern of a bird-type demon beast.

Around him, rows of dignified middle-aged men stood there.

They were wearing armor and holding divine weapons!

They were as powerful as hell!

Every one of them was emitting a powerful aura. They all held great power and controlled the life and death of tens or even hundreds of billions of people.

The three-meter-tall figure was the Tianyang Emperor. Behind him, a ten-meter-tall demon bird spread its wings.

That demonic bird was exactly the same as the bird on his clothes.

A Million soldiers and twenty gods stood there with cold faces, looking toward the east.

They had already received the notice of the invasion five minutes ago. In five minutes, they had made all the preparations!

"I have been in charge of the Tianyang Divine dynasty for tens of thousands of years. There is someone who dares to attack me so arrogantly, Hehe!"

The tall and sturdy Tian Yang emperor stared at the front with a dignified expression. His entire body was filled with killing intent as he coldly muttered!

"What's going on? The entire divine city's array formation has been activated. Could it be that someone dares to attack our Tian Yang Dynasty?"

"No Way. The entire Tian Yang planet has been unified. Could it be that an outsider is attacking us?"

"Who dares to attack us? With our Tian Yang dynasty's strength, which reckless fellow dares to attack us?"

"HMPH, kill all those who dare to attack us!"

Countless people were gathered on the tall buildings behind them.

Flying was forbidden in the divine city, but some tall buildings could still see the situation outside.

On the streets, there were also countless people looking at the west city gate. Some of them said coldly with disdain.

Their Tian Yang Divine dynasty was ranked in the top five in the northern region. If they dared to offend them, they would be seeking their own destruction!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, nine terrifying dragon roars seemed to come from the sky!

The Wind Rose and the clouds surged!

"They're here!"

On the city wall, the tall and sturdy Tian Yang emperor stared coldly at the place in front of him.

Everyone's pupils constricted slightly as they stared intently at the east!

At a hundred kilometers away, nine huge winged creatures were flying towards them.

The nine creatures were pulling a dragon chair, and above the dragon chair was a majestic and magnificent palace.

Below the palace was the ocean, and from afar, one could see the words "East Gate of the Dragon Palace"and the golden pillar that was tens of thousands of meters tall.

The words "Ocean stabilizing needle"on the pillar were extremely eye-catching.

"The people who are seeking death are here. Soldiers of the Tianyang dynasty, get ready to kill the enemy!"

Beside the Tianyang Emperor, a white-haired old man holding a divine staff looked solemn when he saw the people of the Dragon Palace flying over.

His violent voice reached the ears of every soldier.

"Kill the enemy!"

The one million soldiers roared with fighting spirit.

Their momentum soared to the sky, and everyone in the city felt their blood boiling.