Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2093: 2093 God dynasty’s northern destruction shook

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Kill!"

A cold killing intent charged towards the east!

"Roar!"

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

Following that, the roars of demonic birds and beasts could be heard.

The mounts of the soldiers at the very front let out violent roars.

Their auras were like rainbows, shaking the Sky and earth!

Such a terrifying battle was definitely not something that Earth and the transcendents could compare to.

"Get those flying people down!"

The Divine Wind Dragon stopped moving and hovered 10 kilometers in front of the Tianyang Divine City.

Wang Xian stared at the soldiers riding the demonic birds in the sky. A cold expression appeared on his face as he spoke to the nine divine wind dragons.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Nine Divine Wind Dragons opened their huge dragon heads and let out a roar.

The terrifying dragon aura swept forward.

"Choo-choo, choo-choo-choo!"

"AWOOO, awooo!"

"Hualala!"

The Roaring Dragon might swept past. In the sky, the goshawks flapped their wings as if they had met their natural enemy.

Soon after, under the embarrassed gazes of everyone from the Skyend Divine Dynasty, the hundreds of thousands of goshawks fell towards the ground.

The expression of the soldiers on top changed drastically. They wanted to stop them, but it was to no avail.

Below them, the rhinoceros-like demonic beast lay on the ground uneasily, letting out a series of terrified growls!

"What!"

"Damn it, that's a powerful wind-attributed divine beast. It has an extremely strong suppressive force on the Green Eagle!"

On the five thousand meter city wall, the faces of the officials and generals of the skycenter divine dynasty changed drastically when they saw this scene.

Before the battle had even started, their strongest Green Eagle Army had already lost the ability to fight, causing their faces to turn extremely ugly.

"Which faction dares to invade our Tianyang dynasty? !"

The Tianyang Emperor's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene. His gaze was fixed on the nine gigantic creatures in front of him.

He could clearly sense the strength of these nine creatures. They were comparable to the five wisps of Divine Fire God.

The nine divine beasts with five wisps of divine fire were pulling a dragon chair. On the Dragon Chair sat a young man with horns on his head.

What was the strength of that young man?

Currently, the few Top-notch elders in the Divine Empire were not around. Upon seeing such a terrifying group of people, Emperor Tianyang's expression turned solemn.

"You invaded US and now you want to ask who we are?"

Wang Xian stared at the tall and burly Emperor Tianyang from afar and questioned him with a cold expression.

"HMM? We are invading you?"

Tianyang monarch's expression changed slightly. He immediately recalled the situation that his third son and the elders had obtained.

"They are already dead. It's your turn now. If you dare to invade us, you must be prepared to die!"

Wang Xian stared at them with a grim expression. A terrifying killing intent shot out from his body.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The next moment, the nine wind dragons opened their mouths. Terrifying wind swords shot out from their mouths and attacked the Tianyang dynasty!

Each wind sword was about 100 kilometers in size. The distance of 10 kilometers was gone in an instant!

"Damn it, let's Fight!"

The Tianyang Emperor's expression changed drastically when he heard Wang Xian's words. The five elders were already dead. To be able to kill five elders with eight wisps of divine fire, there must be an expert with nine wisps of divine fire among them.

Boom! Boom! Boom

On the city wall, the officials and generals of the Tianyang dynasty saw the nine giant swords and immediately brandished the weapons in their hands.

Gusts of wind and clouds met the nine giant swords.

The sound of wind attribute explosions rang out in the sky!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne. He waved his arm and gave the order to attack.

His gaze was locked onto the tall and sturdy Tianyang monarch.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Gods of the Tianyang dynasty, come and Die! Roar!"

Ao Qitian roared and immediately flew tens of thousands of meters into the air. He held the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand and stared coldly at the gods of the Tianyang dynasty.

"Come and Die!"

Ao Qi and the other berserk dragon species also flew to the sky and roared sternly.

Blood-red energy flowed around their bodies, giving off a heart-palpitating and violent power.

In an instant, more than 50 gods of the Dragon Palace floated into the sky.

"Kill!"

The rest of the Warriors of the Dragon Palace roared

The members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division drew their bowstrings fully, and each of them had five or six bows and arrows on them.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The attack instantly attacked the disciples of the Tianyang dynasty below.

"Oh no, they have more than 50 gods!"

"What a terrifying arrow! Be careful!"

On the city wall, the faces of the gods of the Tianyang dynasty changed drastically when they saw Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, and the others floating in the air.

There were over fifty gods on their side, but they only had twenty of them. The gap between them was practically double.

Unless the level of the gods on their side far surpassed the other side, they would be finished.

However, judging from the violent aura, it was clear that the other side's strength was definitely not weaker than theirs.

"How is this possible? Even when Zhao Yuan and the others arrived on that planet, the other party didn't dare to come out and fight. How can he be so powerful now?"

The Tianyang Emperor's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene.

"Emperor, what should we do now?"

At this moment, the ministers and generals at the side saw the gods of the Dragon Palace floating in the sky and asked the Tianyang Emperor in panic.

"What can we do? Kill them!"

The Tianyang Emperor gritted his teeth. The others had already attacked them, how could they escape?

Could they escape?

Even if they could escape, the entire Tianyang dynasty would be destroyed.

"Boom!"

He waved his arm and his body moved without any wind. A huge green crescent moon saber appeared in his hand.

The crescent moon saber was inlaid with numerous wind god beads, exuding a terrifying aura!

"After I kill that guy with two horns on his head, I will destroy all their gods!"

Emperor Tianyang roared with confidence. With a wave of his arm, the crescent moon saber pointed directly at Wang Xian.

A gust of wind radiance condensed into a point and attacked Wang Xian directly.

"Haha, today, I, the Dragon King, will be the god-exterminating dynasty!"

Wang Xian laughed maniacally and a millstone appeared in his hand.

The millstone was the size of a palm and was aimed directly at the gust of wind.

"Bang!"

With a loud sound, Wang Xian immediately flew to the sky. With a wave of his arm, the five elements millstone immediately floated in the sky.

A greyish energy directly swept towards the city wall.

"Die!"

The emperor of Tianyang held the crescent moon saber in his hand and looked at the grey energy.

"Come and fight!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew hundreds of thousands of meters into the sky!

"Chirp! Chirp!"

The divine beast behind the Emperor of Tianyang let out a roar and flew into the sky.

"Today, I will definitely kill you!"

The emperor of Tianyang jumped onto the divine beast with a face full of ice-cold killing intent as he roared furiously.

He held the crescent blade with both hands and slashed forward!

The slash created a visible cut with the naked eye. It was extremely terrifying.

It was as if the blade had split open the road of life and death!

"Kill!"

On the city wall, the other generals gritted their teeth and attacked ao Qitian and the others when they saw the emperor rush out.

The million-strong army below them charged toward the other members of the Dragon Palace.

A star-crossing war broke out!