Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2094: In 2094, the entire northern region was shaken

"Not good. The invaders seem to be very strong. They have a total of 50 gods!"

"Damn it, who are these people? Kill them, kill them!"

"That young man with twin horns on his head has the strength comparable to our Emperor!"

The moment the war broke out, all the people in the divine city saw this scene and had shocked expressions on their faces.

Especially when they saw that there were more than 50 gods on the other side, all of them had ugly expressions on their faces.

As the citizens of the divine city, they naturally hoped that the emperor and the rest would wipe out this group of invaders without leaving a single one alive!

"Kill them, kill this group of damn invaders!"

Some of the generals and soldiers'families saw this scene and growled in low voices with ugly expressions on their faces.

"Let's get closer to each other and pin down the other party. We'll wait for our Emperor to kill their leader to support us!"

20 gods rushed over. The only God with eight wisps of divine fire spoke to the surrounding gods.

"It's an elder!"

The other gods naturally knew that their numbers were more than double the difference between the other party. Right now, they could only pray that the other party's level was lower than theirs!

They prayed that their emperor would be able to quickly kill the enemy's leader!

"Die!"

Ao qitian, Ao Qi, and the other two berserk dragon species all had grim expressions on their faces when they saw them flying over together!

Two blood-red lightning bolts, each dozens of kilometers thick, shot towards them!

Two enormous ocean-pacifying divine needles, each tens of thousands of meters long, smashed towards them.

A terrifying attack instantly descended!

The twenty gods gathered together were completely stunned when they saw the blood-red energy.

The blood-red energy contained a blazing heat, numbness, and darkness. It was a terrifying aura of destruction.

They simply couldn't sense what kind of energy this was. It was actually so terrifying!

"Not good, immediately split up. Those four are the gods of the eight divine flames!"

The only expert with eight wisps of divine fire from the Tian Yang Divine Dynasty had a huge change in expression when he saw this scene, and he roared loudly.

Everyone's expression changed drastically, and they hurriedly scattered in all directions.

The difference between them and the four gods with eight wisps of divine fire was too great!

The thing that worried them the most had happened. The other party's strength completely suppressed them.

"It's over!"

However, it was easier said than done for them to avoid it? This was especially so for the group of gods with one wisp of divine fire and two wisps of divine fire.

Even the gods with five or six wisps of divine fire were unable to resist the attacks of AO qitian, Ao Qi, and the others!

Boom

"Ahhhh!"

In an instant, miserable screams rang out. How many of the twenty gods could dodge the attacks of AO Qitian and the others?

There was only one, the god with eight wisps of divine fire.

In the buildings within the divine city, some people could see that when the twenty gods of their divine dynasty flew up into the sky, they instantly suffered a devastating blow.

The bodies of the gods fell down at an even faster speed.

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

Between Heaven and earth, the mournful cries of the fallen gods could be heard, and the entire divine city was enveloped by a wave of grief.

In the sky, the wind attribute began to howl, as if it was the wailing of ghosts and howling of wolves.

"How is this possible? In an instant, more than ten of our gods have fallen. Hiss!"

"It's over, it's over. The combined attack of those four powerful creatures actually killed more than ten of our gods. No... Our Divine Dynasty won't be destroyed, right?"

Everyone who saw this scene had terrified expressions on their faces.

The other party had instantly killed more than a dozen of their gods. This...

Everyone in the divine city was stupefied. They had never thought that the other party's strength would be so terrifying!

Killing a god was as easy as killing a dog!

Gulp

The only God who hadn't been injured, the eight wisps of Divine Fire God, saw his companion falling downwards. He couldn't help but gulp.

When he saw the four experts in the sky locking onto him, a terrified expression appeared on his face.

I'm definitely not their match. I can't even hold on for a minute

He thought to himself with a face full of anxiety. He gritted his teeth and turned around, wanting to escape!

He didn't want to die. If he escaped, there was still a chance of survival. If he didn't escape, there would only be death.

"Hualala!"

Just as the thought of escaping emerged in his mind, the sound of chains suddenly came from below him.

His expression changed drastically, and he immediately looked down and around him.

Chains, blood-red chains, like poisonous snakes, spread around him.

He hurriedly raised his head and looked up into the sky, and a look of despair appeared on his face.

He had been locked onto!

"Ahhhhhhh!"

At this moment, from below him, screams of agony before death rang out continuously. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He looked down and saw that the million soldiers below him were facing a one-sided massacre!

They did not have any ability to resist, and they did not have the slightest ability to resist.

The strength of the Tianyang Divine dynasty was very strong. Out of the million troops and a group of demonic beasts, 400,000 had reached the demigod realm.

The rest were experts at the void interpretation realm.

However, these four hundred thousand were facing twenty thousand warriors of the Dragon Palace. The difference was twenty times.

Twenty against one, but they were still killed quickly.

Of the four hundred thousand demigod experts, the peak of the demigod realm had not even reached five thousand.

However, the members of the Dragon Palace were basically at the peak of the demigod realm.

Even if there was a difference of one level, it would take more than ten or twenty people to make up for it!

Only these 400,000 demigod experts, all at the seventh or eighth level of the demigod rank, could possibly fight against the Dragon Palace.

However, this was obviously impossible. Back then, even the 500,000 demigod experts from the five major forces were not a match for the Dragon Palace, let alone them.

"TSK TSK TSK, there's no challenge at all. Such a God dynasty dares to invade our planet and even wants to enslave us!"

Ba Qi Mo Sha and the others saw that they had not even made a move and were about to end. Their faces revealed cold laughter.

"If that's the case, we will destroy the city!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha Smiled. Their bodies moved and one by one, their demon claws attacked the divine city of Tian Yang that was enveloped by the array.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

One by one, the strange demon claws landed on the green array and were easily blocked.

"Keke, it's a little awkward. We can't break it with our strength!"

Mo Sha felt a little awkward when he saw the array not moving at all.

After all, it was a divine city with nine wisps of divine fire. It was not so easy to break it!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon's roar sounded. The eight-limbed Mo Sha and the others saw the nine wind divine dragons swaying their huge bodies as they attacked the Tianyang Divine City.

"Boom!"

The huge force of the collision caused the entire divine city to tremble. Cracks appeared on the powerful array formation.

Everyone in the Divine City felt the world tremble. Their faces were filled with fear!