Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2095: 2095 dynasty destroyed the northern region

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

The sound of the formation breaking could be heard. Hundreds of millions of people in the Divine City looked at this scene in horror.

In front of the west city gate, in less than three minutes, two to three hundred thousand soldiers had died.

Corpses fell like rain.

As the Guardian Formation of a dynasty, it was very powerful. Even nine wind divine dragons that were comparable to five wisps of divine fire could not break it with one strike.

The array was only broken!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

However, in the next moment, the nine wind dragons swayed their green dragon tails and landed heavily inside.

At this moment, the array was broken.

"Crash!"

As if glass had completely shattered, the wind energy released from the wind tower became extremely dim.

The entire huge God city was completely exposed in front of everyone's eyes.

"Hiss, it's over, it's over. Our city has been destroyed. Our soldiers can't defend against the enemy's attack at all!"

"In an instant, they killed more than ten of our gods. All of our soldiers were killed so easily. They aren't a match for them at all!"

Terrified voices rang out one after another. All of the people in the divine city raised their heads in panic.

Would the group of intruders kill all of them?

"Ah, no, no, don't kill me!"

"Lord Emperor, Help!"

At this moment, a scream sounded, and everyone hurriedly raised their heads.

When they saw that their lord elder was completely sealed by the blood-red chains, everyone's expressions changed again.

Twenty Gods? How long had it been? All of them had been taken down!

In fact, there were only four experts on the other side. The rest of the gods didn't even make a move! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Could it be that the Tian Yang Divine dynasty, which has stood in this star field for hundreds of thousands of years, is about to be destroyed?"

Some people were in a daze.

"Oh no, their strength is too strong. Damn it, damn it!"

At this moment, the Tian Yang Emperor, who was holding a crescent blade in the air hundreds of thousands of meters away, swept his gaze downwards with an unsightly expression.

When he saw that all his subjects were being slaughtered and that the protective formation was completely broken, his body trembled violently.

"After I kill you, I will exterminate all of you!"

His eyes were blood red as he stared at Wang Xian. Above his head, a huge valley of wind appeared in the sky.

In the valley of wind, Crescent Moon Sabers, which were formed from condensed energy, were rotating.

"Crescent-moon Sabers Slash, break the stars with Force!"

He let out a wild roar as crescent-moon sabers slashed at Wang Xian in all directions.

At the same time, he was holding the crescent-moon sabers in his hand and hiding among the countless sabers!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian stared at the emperor of Tianyang and activated his dragon eyes of the five elements of yin and yang!

The strength of this divine Zhu of Tianyang could be considered a relatively strong existence even among the nine divine flames.

With a powerful divine weapon in hand, it possessed unparalleled speed and destructive power.

"However, this move of yours is simply courting death!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes. The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements easily locked onto him.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In the next moment, the five elements millstone was suspended above his head. Below him, the yin and yang Poles were rotating!

Boom! Boom! Boom

When the five elements millstone collided with the countless crescent moon sabers, a violent explosion sounded in the sky.

The continuous collision caused the five elements grinding mill to fly backward.

"It's a very powerful divine kingdom. Moreover, it's a completely offensive divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. He brandished the dragon blood sword in his hand and attacked the crescent sabers that were formed from the wind attribute.

"To the left!"

At the next moment, the emperor of Tianyang, who was hiding around the countless crescent sabers, appeared on the left.

He was hiding behind the two crescent moon Sabers silently.

It was as if his body had turned into a breeze.

If Wang Xian didn't possess the Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements, he might have been ambushed by this move.

What a pity!

Wang Xian pretended not to have sensed it and blocked the crescent moon sabers in front of him.

"Haha, Die!"

In the next moment, less than 0.0 seconds later, the sound of wild laughter entered Wang Xian's ears.

The crescent moon saber was faster than the sound.

The blade instantly entered Wang Xian's body.

"Hahaha..."

The maniacal laughter came out from the mouth of the emperor of Tianyang. However, very soon, his laughter came to an abrupt end.

A huge wave of terror enveloped his body.

"Not good!"

His expression changed drastically. A yellowish skeleton flew out from his body.

Crack! Crack! Crack

The Dragon Blood Sword landed heavily on the skeleton. Under the full force of the attack, the skeleton began to scatter slowly.

"Damn it, I was almost killed!"

Tianyang monarch's forehead was filled with cold sweat. He hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw that his ultimate attack was blocked.

His body was instantly turned into nothingness. Then, he unleashed his strongest attack.

It was difficult for someone of the same level to block such an attack.

This was the second person he saw who managed to block his ultimate attack.

Substitute skeleton?

Wang Xian saw the skeleton that was scattered on the ground. His eyes sparkled.

"Damn it, you actually made me consume the eternal bone. I will definitely kill you today!"

Emperor Tianyang's body trembled as he roared sternly. His face was filled with malevolence.

After using up the eternal bone, his body had recovered to a height of two meters.

His aura was obviously much weaker than before!

"The one who died is you!"

Wang Xian said coldly. His body moved and a seven-colored pair of wings appeared behind him.

The pair of wings was naturally the uninitiated holy wings. In order to prevent some people from being recognized by the Eternal Thunderbolts, he used energy to cover his body and changed his appearance completely!

"Roar! Roar!"

The emperor of Tianyang let out a low roar and his divine kingdom instantly shifted under him!

"TSK TSK tsk, everyone in the city listen to me. Kneel on the ground immediately and shout that the Dragon King is invincible and that the Dragon Palace is awe-inspiring!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from below.

The voice spread across the entire sky.

When Wang Xian heard this voice, he raised his eyebrows slightly and looked down.

Ba Qi and Mo Sha were standing in front of the west city gate. Both of them were shouting at everyone in the divine city of Tianyang with sinister expressions.

A powerful aura swept towards the divine city of Tianyang.

"This..."

In the divine city, when all the citizens saw their ministers and generals being killed, their faces were filled with fear.

When they heard Mo Sha Ba Qi's words, all of them looked embarrassed and hesitant.

Asking them to kneel? Their Heavenly Emperor Lord was still here...

"If you don't kneel, then die!"

Ba Qi's face was filled with violent killing intent. He raised his palm, and a huge demonic dragon claw appeared in the Void.

Drops of liquid slowly dripped down from the Demonic Dragon Claw.

"Boom!"

The Dragon Claw, which covered an area of dozens of kilometers, directly grabbed towards the center of the city.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

In an instant, a miserable scream was heard.

Back then, the gods of the Tian Yang Divine Dynasty had done this on Earth, and Ba Qi had returned the favor!

"Kneel down, quickly kneel down!"

A panicked voice sounded in the city, and countless people hurriedly shouted and knelt to the ground!