Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2096: 2096, killing an emperor

"Hualala!"

In the Divine City of Tianyang, hundreds of millions of people looked terrified when they saw the octahedron casually covering an area of dozens of kilometers and killing tens of thousands of people.

They hurriedly knelt on the ground, filled with fear.

In a war between planets, a war at the level of the divine dynasty, even if it was a massacre of a city, it was not uncommon for hundreds of millions of people to die.

Now, their lords were easily killed. Although their emperor was still alive, he could not care about them at all.

Not to mention the millions of soldiers, they were being quickly massacred.

At this time, if they did not want to die, they could only hear the words of the two invading experts!

Kneel!

In an instant, countless people knelt on the ground, their faces filled with fear. Some of the timid ones even began to tremble!

This was because they did not know whether they would live or Die!

Their fate was already in the hands of others.

"Jie Jie, are we only asking you to kneel? What else?"

Ba Qi saw everyone in the huge divine city kneeling there and said with a ghastly expression. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"The Dragon King is invincible, the Dragon Palace is awe-inspiring!"

A sparse voice sounded, filled with fear and weakness!

"Speak louder, Jie Jie Jie!"

Mo Sha waved his arm and a huge palm appeared in the sky above the divine city.

The terrifying claws of the demon dragon could land on every corner of the divine city at any time.

"The Dragon King is invincible and the Dragon Palace is awe-inspiring!"

A sky-high roar was heard and the voices of hundreds of millions of people resounded throughout the sky.

They didn't want to die, so they could only submit!

"We surrender, we surrender!"

Not even half of the million soldiers in front of the west city gate were left.

When they saw the people of the God dynasty being killed and the countless people behind them submitting, they completely lost their fighting spirit and shouted loudly.

What was the point of continuing to resist?

"Those who submit, kneel!"

A cold shout rang out, and the soldiers who had lost their fighting spirit immediately gave up the weapons in their hands and knelt on the ground, trembling.

This was not a battle of the same level.

At this moment, in the air, when Emperor Tianyang heard the cries of his people and heard the surrender of his soldiers, his body began to tremble violently.

The veins on his face bulged, revealing a brutal expression.

"Today, I will slaughter all of You!"

An earth-shattering roar came from his mouth, and his voice even covered the entire planet.

He held the crescent moon saber with both hands, and in the divine kingdom behind him, countless crescent moon sabers condensed from the wind attribute flew towards his surroundings.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Soon, his body was completely surrounded by the crescent moon saber, forming a giant formed from the Crescent Moon Saber.

He was ten thousand meters tall, and his entire body was like a sharp blade.

In the divine city below, all the people trembled slightly when they heard their emperor's words, and their expressions changed drastically.

Just now, they were shouting that the Dragon King was invincible and that the Dragon Palace was awe-inspiring.

Their Emperor must be furious.

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian saw the Tianyang monarch's final struggle, a cold expression appeared on his face.

With the support of the primaless sacred wings, Wang Xian was invincible among the nine wisps of divine flames.

"Crash!"

His body trembled. Under the astonishment of the Tianyang monarch, Wang Xian instantly disappeared from the position opposite him.

Crack! Crack! Crack

Following that, he could feel the crescent moon saber condensed by the wind attribute above him crumbling rapidly one by one.

Emperor Tianyang, who was in the middle, looked up and saw a blood-red longsword slashing at him from top to bottom.

His expression changed slightly!

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

With a wave of his arm, countless crescent moon sabers slashed at Wang Xian.

Buzz

Wang Xian flapped his incipient saint wings and easily dodged the attacks. He arrived in front of him and a huge dragon claw clawed at his body.

The Dragon Claw, which was thousands of meters in size, landed on his body and tore half of his body apart.

"Damn it, how can he be so fast!"

The emperor of Tianyang who had unleashed his strongest combat strength realized that his huge body was restricted by his opponent. He looked extremely embarrassed.

"Five elements millstone, yin and Yang Extremes, suppress!"

At this moment, Wang Xian shouted loudly. In the sky, the Five Elements Millstone released streams of gray energy to suppress the ground below.

In the ground below, the yin and yang extremes pattern began to rotate and rise towards the ground above!

"Damn it, divine kingdom, shake it open!"

The emperor of Tianyang shouted sternly. The terrifying divine kingdom directly smashed towards the Five Elements Millstone!

But soon, he found that his divine kingdom seemed to be stuck in a quagmire, and its speed was very slow!

"What's going on?"

The Tianyang monarch's expression changed slightly, and his eyes flashed with a gloomy look.

"I'm not his match!"

"Run!"

At this moment, he could clearly recognize the difference between him and the Dragon King.

They held the crescent saber in their hands tightly, and their bodies moved, hurriedly fleeing to the side!

Buzz

The Yin and yang poles rotated rapidly. Soon, the Tai Chi diagram appeared in all directions, completely sealing off this space.

"It's too late to escape!"

Wang Xian smiled coldly. The seven-colored light began to envelop this space. The chaotic energy suppressed the divine kingdom of the Emperor of Tianyang.

"What kind of attribute is this? How can there be so many attributes!"

As he sensed the various attribute energies around him, a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

At this moment, it was as though he had entered a terrifying domain.

Within this domain, his perception had dropped to the extreme. He actually could not sense the existence of the Dragon King.

Cold Sweat broke out on his face. His pupils revealed a look of horror.

"PFFT!"

"This time, there shouldn't be any bones to take your life, right?"

A voice suddenly appeared behind him. Wang Xian's voice rang out.

The Dragon Blood Sword in his hand pierced through the body of the emperor of Tianyang.

The space of seven elements was a space domain that Wang Xian had researched during this period of time.

It was the first time he used it in a battle with the five elements grinding mill as the sky and the Yin and yang Poles as the earth!

It seemed like the effect was pretty good! Once the space of the seven elements was formed, he could easily kill someone of the same level!

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face!

"You... how could you have so many attributes? Why... Why did you want to destroy our Tianyang Divine Empire? We don't have that much hatred..."

He widened his eyes as he felt the life force in his body drain away rapidly. He growled in a low voice with a face full of unwillingness.

"Isn't this the outcome of a weakling provoking a strong person? If I was weak, I might have become your slave!"

Wang Xian said coldly. Destructive destructive destructive power filled his entire body.

The emperor of the Tian Yang Celestial Empire had fallen!

An emperor with nine wisps of divine fire had fallen!

Buzz

A mournful cry reverberated across the entire planet. As the Emperor of a celestial empire that had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, he had fallen.

His fall also represented the demise of the entire dynasty!

Wang Xian kept his corpse and the divine kingdom into his mother nest. With a wave of his arm, the Yin and yang poles and the five elements grinding mill were kept in his bag.

The Sky regained its clarity.

Only the mournful cries in the surroundings represented the death of a powerful god.

Wang Xian moved his body and hovered in the sky above the Tianyang Divine City. His entire body was exuding the aura of a proud King!