Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2097: 2097 in the Northern Region Alliance

"This... Our Emperor Tian Yang has fallen!"

"The Emperor has fallen. The Tian Yang Celestial Empire is completely destroyed!"

"Hiss, the Emperor has really fallen. Our Tian Yang Celestial Empire is completely finished!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian hovering in the sky and heard the sorrowful cries of the heavens and earth, everyone who was kneeling on the ground trembled.

This time, their Tianyang Divine dynasty was completely finished. They might soon disappear into history.

The next ruler of their Tianyang Divine Dynasty might be the Dragon Palace.

Some of them raised their heads and looked at the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Their faces were filled with reverence.

"Dragon King, they have all submitted!"

Prime Minister Gui flew over and said to Wang Xian.

"Yes, go to their divine palace and take all the treasures away. Also, send someone to the other cities and treasure lands of the Tianyunshen dynasty and bring all the treasures here!"

"Also, take Ao Qi and AO qitian on a trip. Immediately head to the other three planets and gather all the treasures there!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui.

"Yes, Dragon King. We will do it immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded immediately and led the members of the Dragon Palace to the other three planets under the control of the Tianyang dynasty.

Some members of the Dragon Palace entered the divine palace and gathered all the treasures.

To destroy the Tianyang dynasty, there would definitely be a lot of treasures for a dynasty that had lived for hundreds of thousands of years.

These treasures could greatly enhance the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian did not stay in the divine city for long. With a move of his body, he flew directly towards the sea.

A planet with life would definitely have the existence of the sea.

Water was the source of life. Every planet would have the existence of the sea. Furthermore, the area occupied by the sea was not small.

Naturally, Tianyang planet also had the existence of the sea. When Wang Xian came to the sky above the sea, his eyes were sparkling.

"As expected of a powerful planet controlled by humans. There are actually humans living in the ocean, and there is an undersea world!"

Wang Xian flew to the sky above the ocean and realized that the ocean below was already under the control of the Tianyang dynasty.

There was an expert who had built an undersea world.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements grinding appeared in the sky above the ocean.

Buzz

A terrifying force appeared in the sky above the ocean. The huge city within a radius of a few hundred kilometers flew out directly from the bottom of the ocean!

"What happened?"

Everyone in the underwater city looked horrified as they shouted loudly.

"The Dragon Palace controls the ocean. In the future, the ocean of Tianyang Planet will be under the control of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's majestic voice reverberated across the entire sky.

"Dragon Palace? What is the Dragon Palace? This is the territory that the Tianyang Emperor has conferred on us. No one can occupy it!"

A middle-aged man flew out from the underwater city. His face was filled with a cold expression as he shouted sternly.

He stared at Wang Xian with an extremely embarrassed expression.

Behind him, there were more than ten thousand middle-aged men following behind him.

When he saw that there was only one Wang Xian, his face was filled with a cold expression!

"Then you can go down and accompany the Tianyang Monarch!"

Wang Xian waved his arm, and a terrifying dragon claw attacked the old man who spoke at a terrifying speed.

The old man had already ignited the divine fire, but it was nothing in front of Wang Xian!

"PFFT!"

In an instant, the Dragon Claw grabbed the old man's body. He was killed without even having the time to react or scream.

"There is no more Tianyang Celestial Empire in this world, and there is no more Tianyang Emperor. If anyone wants to follow the Tianyang Celestial Empire, I will send all of You There!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the tens of thousands of people as he said indifferently with an expressionless face.

"What!"

"How is this possible!"

"Our City Lord has been killed. He was killed instantly!"

Everyone around the underwater city had a look of shock on their faces as they looked at the city lord who had been killed.

Their bodies trembled violently when they heard Wang Xian's words!

There is no more Tianyang Empire in the world?

There was no more Tianyang Emperor?

Could it be that they had been wiped out...

Everyone's eyes were filled with horror as their expressions changed drastically!

Wang Xian ignored them. With a wave of his arm, the entire city was placed in a forest by the sea under the guidance of the five elements grinding.

He moved and entered the sea.

"Build the Underwater Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat. The Dragon Palace on Earth was the main Dragon Palace. The other dragon palaces could not surpass Earth.

Although a level five dragon palace could not be compared to a level six dragon palace, it was still not bad.

Ding! "Congratulations to host for controlling the Dragon Palace on Tianyang Planet. You have obtained the dragon punishing bone!"

To control the ocean of a planet, one would receive a system reward.

Furthermore, the reward was more generous each time.

"Dragon punishing bone? What is this?"

Wang Xian moved his palm and a model of the dragon bone appeared in his hand.

"Eh? This Is? It has the same function as the Tianyang Emperor's bone. It can help the user block fatal damage!"

"However, the function of this dragon punishing bone is much stronger than his bone. It can block fatal attacks below the level of the Eternal Lord three times. The attack of the Eternal Lord can block one time!"

Wang Xian was delighted. This was a good thing to protect his life.

"When the Dragon Palace completely occupies the ocean of the three planets, the news of the destruction of the Tianyunshen dynasty should spread very quickly!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

Next, all they had to do was to wait for the news quietly!

With the appearance of the demon lair and the establishment of the Northern Territory Alliance, there was no need for the Dragon Palace to look for them. When the time came, someone would come to look for them.

What happened next was very smooth. They established the Dragon Palace on the other three planets and ruled over the entire ocean.

On the fifth day, a huge object landed in the sky above Tianyang planet. The dragon-phoenix Empire suppressed the chaotic planets and established the Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty!

In the vast Northern Territory, there was a strange place in the vast starry sky.

At the border between the Northern Territory and the central region, strange planets stood in the void.

More than a dozen planets lined up in a row. Other than the one in the middle that was filled with boundless vitality, the other dozen or so planets looked deathly silent.

Only a few towering temples stood within the dozen or so planets.

This was a display of the northern region's famous line of defense against demons!

"Have you guys received the news that the Tian Yang dynasty has been destroyed! ?"

On the only life-preserving planet, in an ancient European Parliament, many figures were sitting there.

Each figure represented a powerful faction. There were more than a hundred planets in the northern region, and those sitting here represented almost half of the northern region's power. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"The Tian Yang dynasty has been destroyed?"An old man at the Round Table of the Parliament said indifferently. He looked at the empty seat that had the Tian Yang dynasty written on it!

"The Tian Yang dynasty has been destroyed?"

Some of the forces had shocked expressions on their faces. Some of the forces had already received the news and their faces were calm!