Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2098: 2098, under the Northern Alliance

"Which faction destroyed the Central Sky Dynasty? Could it be that they've angered Eternal Shocking Thunder?"

In the council, an old man wearing a divine crown on his head frowned with a dignified expression. He looked at the old man who had just spoken.

As soon as he finished speaking, more than ten people looked over in confusion.

The Central Sky Dynasty had been destroyed, and many people had yet to receive any information.

Out of the hundred or so planets in the northern region, eternal thunderclap occupied about seventy. The other seventy or so planets were divided among twenty or thirty forces.

The Divine Dynasty occupied four of them. They were definitely among the stronger forces.

The emperor of the divine dynasty had lit nine wisps of divine fire. Among them, it was definitely a high-ranking mission.

"It's not eternal thunder. It's a new force called the Dragon Palace. We haven't figured out where this dragon palace came from yet!"

"But we can confirm that the leader of this force, the Dragon King, has the strength of nine wisps of divine fire. Most importantly, they have at least four gods of eight wisps of divine fire and fifty to sixty gods!"

The old man who spoke spoke spoke to them.

"What! 50 to 60 gods!"

Everyone was slightly shocked, and shock appeared on their faces.

A faction had 50 to 60 gods. In the entire northern region, there was only one faction that had 50 to 60 gods, and that was the northern expedition trading company.

In the Northern Region, the Northern Expedition Trading Company was the strongest faction apart from eternal thunderclap. It was also a member of the Northern Region Alliance!

After the Northern Region Alliance was established, the Northern Expedition Trading Company wanted to become the alliance leader, but it was opposed by other forces. In the end, the balance was balanced, and five forces were chosen to become directors.

The five directors had the power to decide.

The other forces listened to the orders of the five directors.

The Central Sky Dynasty was one of the directors.

"If the Central Sky dynasty is destroyed, the Dragon Palace will naturally take over the position of the Central Sky Dynasty and resist the Devil Den. It's impossible to lose them!"

A middle-aged man said with a frown.

"That's right. However, with the strength of that force, it has the right to become a council member. does any force have any objections to that force becoming a council member?"

The old man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company asked indifferently.

"Let a new force become a council member directly?"

An old man beside him frowned slightly.

"If they don't become a council member, who can order them?"

Another old man frowned slightly!

"The powerful ones occupy the positions of five directors. Directors have great power and responsibilities. Each of the five directors is responsible for a region. This is a responsibility..."

The old man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company said with a smile.

"In that case, find someone to contact that force. We agree!"

"Agreed. With the power of the Dragon Palace, they have the right to resist the devil den. We still need to rely on them!"

The council members began to agree, but the other forces naturally didn't have any objections.

The appearance of the Devil Den was a disaster for the entire northern region.

Eternal Thunderclap was guarding their position, so the rest of the places naturally had to rely on them to unite.

Otherwise, once they lost their position, they would be doomed.

"Dragon King, the people from the Northern Territory Alliance are going to pay their respects to the Tianyang God!"

In the Dragon Palace on Earth, Prime Minister GUI reported to Wang Xian.

"Are they here? What a fast speed!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile. With a move, he arrived in front of the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace and went straight to the Dragon Palace on Tianyang Planet.

"I believe this must be the Dragon King. I am the envoy of the Northern Territory Alliance. I am here to pay my respects to the Dragon King!"

On the sea surface of the Dragon Palace, an old man saw Wang Xian with two horns on his head. He immediately bowed politely.

"May I know why the people of the Northern Territory Alliance are here to see me, Dragon King?"

Wang Xian held his head up indifferently. The invisible aura from his body made the old man tremble slightly!

"I believe that the Dragon King should know about the matter between the Devil's Lair and the Northern Territory Alliance. The Tianyang Divine dynasty is one of the five great governors of the Northern Territory Alliance. Since the Dragon Palace has destroyed them, as a member of the Northern Territory, they naturally have to take over their rights and responsibilities!"

"Regarding the matter of the demon lair, all the powers should be duty-bound. No one will reject it!"

The old man said to Wang Xian with even more respect.

"I naturally know about this. The Dragon Palace is willing to join the Northern Territory Alliance!"

Wang Xian nodded his head directly.

After destroying the Tianyang Divine dynasty, Wang Xian naturally had to join the Northern Territory Alliance. The Dragon Palace could only develop faster through war.

"That's good. If the Dragon King is fine, we can step into the front line!"

"Now, all the powerhouses from all the forces are stationed at the front line to fight against the outbreak of the Devil Lair!"

The old man heaved a sigh of relief and said with a smile.

"Sure. Let us make some preparations. We'll be there in ten minutes!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to him.

"Alright, Alright. I will wait for you guys here then!"

The old man was relieved that the matter was going so smoothly.

Soon, a group of members from the Dragon Palace followed behind Wang Xian and rushed over.

Half of the members from all the combat divisions of the Dragon Palace were here while the other half stayed behind to guard the Dragon Palace.

"Let's go. You lead the way!"

Wang Xian said to the old man directly.

"Yes!"

The old man's gaze swept across the group of experts led by Wang Xian. His eyes flashed with shock.

He was stunned by more than 30 gods. This force was not as strong as many other forces combined.

"This Dragon Palace is so honest? Other forces want to retain some of their strength. Yet, he brought more than half of his forces. is he stupid or is he demonstrating his strength?"

The old man's eyes were shining as he thought to himself

At the front line, thirteen planets were arranged in a row. In the middle was a life planet, and the other twelve were all planets that the gods had moved over with great power.

These planets were the disciples that the forces used to station their own forces!

And that life planet was a planet that all the forces traded and held a meeting.

The eruption of the demon lair had affected the entire star field. Even if all the factions had only sent one-fifth of their forces over, the experts gathered here were still extremely terrifying.

With so many experts, there were naturally places for trade.

Furthermore, the trade here had gradually surpassed that of the free planet.

Under the lead of the old man, Wang Xian and the rest appeared on the life planet in the middle. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Hovering above the teleportation formation, Wang Xian swept his gaze across the planet. There were many more people than the average planet.

"Dragon King, I'll bring you guys to a place to rest. If nothing goes wrong, there should be a meeting tomorrow. At that time, all the representatives of the forces will be here!"

The old man gestured to Wang Xian and said with a smile.

"There's no need. I remember that the Tianyang dynasty has a planet stationed here!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked around and locked his gaze on a planet.

In his eyes, there were many people on that planet!

"Let's go. We were the ones who destroyed the Tianyang dynasty. Naturally, some of the inheritance will belong to us!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he flew directly towards that planet.

"Dragon King!"

When the old man heard Wang Xian's words, his expression changed slightly. He shouted, but Wang Xian ignored him!