Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2099: 2099 was strong

"That planet seems to have been occupied by the Yu Huatian Celestial sect. I hope there won't be any conflict!"

When the old man saw Wang Xian and the rest flying over, his expression turned ugly as he hurriedly followed behind them.

Those who dared to occupy the territory of the Tian Yang Celestial Empire as soon as it was destroyed were naturally not weak.

The Yu Huatian Celestial sect was much stronger than the Tian Yang Celestial Empire.

The Tianyunshen dynasty only had one god with nine wisps of divine fire, but they had two!

They were also one of the directors of the Alliance!

Buzz

The distance between the thirteen planets was not very far. Each of them was only a distance of a few hundred thousand kilometers.

A distance of a few hundred thousand kilometers was not very far for Wang Xian and the rest.

Soon, they were floating at the third planet on the right.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the star. The star was still in the void. There was only a palace facing the sunlight.

The palace occupied an area of 70 to 80 kilometers. It could be said to be a small city!

"It's not bad to use this place as a base!"

Wang Xian revealed a satisfied expression as he flew straight into the palace below.

More than 10,000 members of the Dragon Palace flew over in a mighty manner.

"Which faction dares to step into the planet of our Yu Huashen sect? !"

Just as Wang Xian arrived in the sky above this planet, a cold voice was heard.

A middle-aged man flew into the sky and stared at Wang Xian and the rest with a cold gaze. He frowned slightly.

"This should be the planet of the Tianyang Divine Dynasty. Our Dragon Palace is here to collect our spoils of war. Get your people out of here immediately!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man indifferently and shouted directly to the area below.

His voice covered the entire palace!

"Who dares to get us out of Here?"

At this moment, figures flew out from the palace below. The person in the lead was a young man.

The young man was dressed in a yellow robe and held a divine staff in his hand. A cold expression appeared on his face.

He stared at Wang Xian intently and swept his gaze across the crowd behind Wang Xian. There was no fear in his eyes.

Behind the young man, there were many other young men. Their heads were prominent, and one look was enough to tell that they were extraordinary.

"The Tian Yang Divine Empire was destroyed by our Dragon Palace. Their things naturally belong to us. This planet belongs to the Tian Yang Divine Empire. Now, we will take over!"

Wang Xian looked at the young man indifferently and said expressionlessly.

"Oh? You guys have taken over? I'm sorry, we have already taken control of this place a few days ago. If you guys want it, you can ask the Tianyang Divine dynasty for it!"

"This is the territory of our Yu Huashen sect. The ones who should get lost now are you guys!"

The yellow-robed young man raised his head and said with a cold expression!

"A new faction is actually so arrogant. Don't you know how to keep a low profile? Even that whatever Dragon King of yours wouldn't dare to be so arrogant!"

Behind the young man, a girl looked at Wang Xian and said indifferently.

In her opinion, this young man with two horns on his head couldn't be the leader of the Dragon Palace. After all, he was too young!

"Throw them out. If anyone dares to resist, kill them immediately!"

Wang Xian glanced at the people below and ordered Ao Qitian and the rest behind him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao qitian nodded his head and gestured to his subordinates behind him!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, a wild dragon seed led dozens of members of the Demon War Department and flew down.

"What are you doing!"

The middle-aged man from the Yu Huashen sect who was floating in the air had a slight change in expression. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

"Hualala!"

However, before he could react, a chain wrapped around his body!

"Weng!"

A powerful force came. The chain wrapped around his body and threw him into the void.

The violent force sent him flying for more than 100,000 meters before he could stabilize his body.

The middle-aged man was completely dumbfounded.

"Damn it, what are you trying to do?"

The yellow-robed young man's expression changed.

"Weng!"

Suddenly, he saw a violent figure appear in front of him. The figure stretched out a claw and grabbed his body.

"Sou!"

The powerful force directly threw him into the air!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

In an instant, more than 10 figures were thrown into the air.

Crash

In the palace below, some people noticed the situation and flew into the sky one by one.

Ao Qitian waved his arm. A chain filled the sky and directly restrained the bodies of more than 10,000 people there!

Whoosh! Whoosh

With a casual wave of his hand, all of them were thrown into the void!

"Arrange the accommodation for the members of the Dragon Palace!"

"Anyone who steps into the territory of the Dragon Palace, kill them all!"

Wang Xian ordered ao Qitian and the rest.

"You... you are trying to provoke our Yu Huashen sect. Let me tell you, the Dragon Palace, don't be arrogant!"

The yellow-robed young man and the rest were thrown into the sky at a height of more than 100,000 meters. They looked a little dumbfounded.

They shouted sternly with murderous intent on their faces! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Young master Yuwen Feng, don't be rash. Let's go and call for the experts of the divine sect immediately!"

The middle-aged man saw the yellow-robed young man's ferocious expression and quickly said!

"Arrogant Fellow, you actually don't put our Yu Huashen Divine sect in your eyes. I will make you pay a heavy price!"

The yellow-robed young man growled in a low voice with a gloomy expression.

He moved his palm and a signal flare appeared in his hand.

He threw it directly into the sky.

"Boom! Boom!"

A rumbling sound was heard. The eye-catching signal flare suddenly lit up the starry sky.

Wang Xian glanced at it indifferently. He ignored it and directly entered the palace.

Since the Dragon Palace was here, they had to be more powerful. Only the stronger they were, the more others would be afraid.

Moreover, with the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they didn't need to be too apprehensive, especially after he obtained two star-protecting formations.

He had gained control of the other three planets of the Divine Central dynasty and two star-protecting arrays.

When the array was activated, it could block attacks from anyone below the eternal God Lord level, and the array could cover the entire planet.

This planet should have belonged to the Dragon Palace in the first place. How could he agree if other forces wanted to take this fruit.

Moreover, there must have been some treasures here in the past. It was already good enough that he did not pursue the treasures now!

"What happened?"

"It seems to be a distress signal from the Yu Huatian sect. What happened to the Yu Huatian Sect?"

When the signal flare bloomed in the sky, everyone on the thirteen planets could see it clearly.

The distress signal that belonged to the Yu Huatian sect caused everyone to be slightly stunned!

"What happened? !"

On one of the planets, the expressions of the Yu Huatian sect experts changed slightly when they saw the signal in the sky.

"Let's Go! Let's Go!"

Instantly, more than a dozen gods flew over to their location!

"Let's Go and watch the Show!"

Some people from other factions showed interest as they flew over!

"This... I didn't expect the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace to be so powerful!"

The old man who brought Wang Xian and the rest over revealed a bitter expression!

To clash with Yu Huashen sect as soon as he arrived was not good news for the entire alliance!