Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2100: 2100 had made a feud

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

On the third star to the right of the center, figures emitting terrifying auras flew over.

"Who dares to Provoke My Yu Huatian Divine sect! ?"

A furious roar sounded out as a vast figure flew over quickly. His voice resounded across the entire sky!

"We pay our respects to the Grand Elder!"

The yellow-robed young man and the others immediately shouted when they saw the elders and experts from the divine sect flying over.

"What happened?"

The leader was a white-bearded elder. He looked at the yellow-robed young man and the others with a dignified gaze and asked indifferently.

"Grand Elder, the forces from the Dragon Palace just arrived. They threw us out of this planet and even told us to get lost. If we dare to enter, they will kill us!"

The middle-aged God beside the yellow-robed young man reported to the Grand Elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"Greetings, Grand Elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect. Today, I am under orders to invite the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace to join our Northern Territory Alliance. This planet used to belong to the Tian Yang Divine dynasty. Hence, when the Dragon King came, he wanted to take it back directly!"

"This... might be a little reckless..."

When the old man who brought Wang Xian and the rest saw this scene, he hesitated for a moment before flying to the side and speaking respectfully.

His words were vague because he did not dare to say anything.

"Dragon Palace! Destroy the Tianyang Divine Dynasty's Dragon Palace!"

Yu Huatian sect's supreme elder swept a glance at the old man. He narrowed his eyes slightly and a cold glint flashed across his eyes.

"The one who destroyed the entire skyend divine dynasty? They offended the Yu Huashen sect right after they arrived?"

"That Dragon Palace seems to be very mysterious. They didn't have any information in the past. As soon as they appeared, they destroyed the entire skyend divine dynasty. They are extremely powerful!"

"However, they dared to provoke the Yu Huashen sect right after they arrived. Aren't they being a little arrogant?"

Around them, some people who had come to watch the show revealed surprised expressions when they heard the conversation.

They were all whispering to each other.

"Even if he has the strength to destroy the Tian Yang Divine Dynasty, our Yu Huashen sect is not so easy to bully!"

The Yu Huashen sect's grand elder stared at the people below with a sinister gaze.

"A new faction dares to throw our disciples out. If we let this go, what face will the Yu Huatian Divine sect have?"

As the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect said this, he waved his arm and a great sun gathered in the sky.

Only a faction with nine Divine Flames dared to provoke them?

Who gave them the courage?

The Great Sun was about a hundred kilometers wide and emitted an aura of destruction.

Everyone's expression changed slightly when they saw this scene.

"Yu Huatian Divine Sect's supreme, please reconsider!"

The old man who brought Wang Xian and the rest had a slight change in expression as he shouted hurriedly.

However, the old man clearly ignored him. He waved his arm and the hundred-kilometer-long great sun directly attacked the stars below!

"Oh? You really dare to come over. Since that's the case, I shall have a duel with all of you!"

Wang Xian, who was in the Palace of stars below, sensed the attack from above. A cold look appeared in his eyes. With a wave of his arm, the five elements millstone levitated into the sky and charged towards the great sun.

Boom

In an instant, a terrifying explosion reverberated throughout the entire starry sky.

The terrifying five elements millstone collided with the great sun of flames. The entire great sun collapsed immediately!

"River of annihilation!"

Wang Xian didn't care who the opponent was. Since the opponent dared to attack them, he wouldn't hold back!

The 100-kilometer long river of annihilation immediately charged out from the five elements millstone and covered the sky.

"Damn it!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine Sect's expression changed slightly when he saw his attack collapsing instantly. He stared at the river of annihilation and a grave expression appeared on his face.

He waved his arm and a sea of flames fell toward the river of annihilation.

"Oh no, they are fighting!"

"Quick, quickly Dodge!"

When the figures saw the sudden outbreak of battle, their expressions changed drastically.

They had expected the supreme elder to make a move, but they did not expect the Dragon Palace in the palace to go on a rampage!

The battle between the nine Wisps of divine fire was an existence that could destroy stars.

Once they were affected, they would die without a doubt!

One figure after another quickly scattered into the distance!

"What! ?"

In the middle of the battlefield, when the Sea of fire collided with the river of annihilation and was quickly dissolved, the Yu Huatian sect's supreme elder's expression changed.

"Flame lava!"

He waved his arm, and a majestic fire attribute landed in the Sea of fire, turning it into flaming lava.

"Buzz!"

"In the Northern Territory Alliance, everything is focused on fighting against the demon cave. Internal strife is forbidden. Disperse!"

Suddenly, a vast voice sounded. Following that, everyone saw a terrifying palm of light grabbing towards the river of annihilation and the flaming lava.

The palm of light, which covered two to three hundred kilometers, grabbed the river of obliteration and the lava of flames.

"Buzz!"

The two terrifying attacks disappeared.

"Vice president of the Northern Expedition!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect felt a chill in his heart. He immediately stopped what he was doing!

"The experts of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce are making their move!"

"Now that we are defending against the demon cave, there is no way we are going to let an internal fight break out!"

Some people heaved a sigh of relief when they saw the gigantic palm.

On the life planet, a bright figure was floating there and looking over.

Everyone had a look of awe on their faces.

This person was an existence that was well known throughout the entire northern region.

"Peak of the Godly State?"

Wang Xian looked at the bright figure and his gaze froze as he muttered!

"Vice-president of the Northern Expedition, the people from the Dragon Palace are a little arrogant. They just arrived here and they dare to throw our divine sect disciples out!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect said to the vice-president of the Northern Expedition.

"Those who dared to occupy the spoils of war from our Dragon Palace and didn't kill you are already giving you face?"

Wang Xian replied coldly when he heard his words. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Alright, it's just a star. Since there are no casualties, let's just forget about it. Let's give this star to the Dragon Palace!"

"The Demon Cave Army has already entered the Forest of darkness. The war has already begun. This is not the time for internal strife!"

The bright figure said to them with an unquestionable tone!

"Since the vice president of the Northern Expedition has said so, we shall not hold it against them!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect nodded his head. He looked at Wang Xian and said coldly, "We have plenty of time in the future!"

"In five hours, the Dragon Palace will meet all of you!"

Wang Xian ignored the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect and cupped his hands at the figure of light!

"Alright!"

The figure of light nodded his head and entered the life planet.

"HMPH, let's Go!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect glanced at Wang Xian and snorted before leading his subordinates and leaving.

The yellow-robed young man looked at Wang Xian and the rest with a face full of hatred before following behind!

"This faction of the Dragon Palace doesn't look easy to deal with!"

"That's the leader of the Dragon Palace. He looks so young. Did he consume some divine pill?"

"As expected of the faction that destroyed the skycenter dynasty. They are not afraid of the Yu Huatian sect at all. However, their enmity has been formed. The Yu Huatian sect will not let this matter rest. Moreover, it seems that only the leader of the Dragon Palace has ignited nine wisps of divine fire. There is a huge gap between him and the Yu Huatian sect!"

"The Yu Huatian sect is not something the skycenter dynasty can compare to. This leader of the Dragon Palace is a little arrogant!"

Everyone around whispered when they saw this scene.

The arrival of the Dragon Palace had attracted a great deal of attention!