Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2101: 2101 on subduing demons

"Northern Expedition trading company, enchanting divine gate, Burning God dynasty, Yu Huashen sect!"

In the palace, Wang Xian muttered as he looked at a document in his hand.

This document was one of the more powerful forces in the northern region. It was the only force that posed a threat to the Dragon Palace!

This was especially so for the first three forces. All of them had experts at the peak of the godly state. They were existences that the Dragon Palace could not contend against at the moment.

"The main task now is to fight against the demon lair. I need to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace first. After that, I need to enter the Sea of life planets with my formidable strength!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he planned the future development of the Dragon Palace.

If he wanted to increase his strength quickly, he needed to hunt a large number of creatures. The stronger the creatures, the more benefits there would be.

The invasion of the demon lair was an opportunity.

"Dragon King, the old man from the Northern Territory Alliance is here to pay a visit!"

More than four hours later, the old man who led Wang Xian and the rest came to pay a visit.

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, the meeting is about to begin. I'm here to lead you there, Dragon King!"

The old man said respectfully to Wang Xian.

After witnessing the strength of this leader, a hint of respect was added to his heart.

"Alright, lead the way!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and followed the old man towards the life planet named Tian Mu.

In the sky above a forest, a majestic palace was suspended in the air.

At the bottom of the forest, there were stalls selling all kinds of items.

Weapons, elixirs, formations, pets, and more!

Wang Xian took a few glances and was deep in thought.

"Dragon King, it's in the room on the top floor. Please come in!"

The old man brought Wang Xian to the door and gestured to him.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes. After confirming that there was no danger, he walked straight into the room.

It was a huge meeting room, just like the Elders'meeting in ancient Rome.

At this moment, there were 33 people sitting in the meeting room.

Including Wang Xian, there were a total of 34 people. This also represented the 34 factions in the Northern Region!

Wang Xian's arrival immediately attracted everyone's attention.

Looking at Wang Xian, who had two horns on his head and looked like a young man, everyone's eyes sparkled.

"Humph!"

A Soft Humph was heard in the silent meeting room. Wang Xian looked over and gave a faint smile to the white-haired elder from the Yu Huashen sect!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace greets all of you!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the crowd and cupped his hands with a smile!

"Dragon King, please take a seat!"

The benevolent-looking elder, who looked like the god of light, gestured to Wang Xian to take a seat at the side.

The word 'Dragon Palace'was written on the seat!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and walked to his seat.

There was a document on his seat regarding the resources of the Devil's Lair.

"Everyone, we were planning to hold this meeting tomorrow. Due to the abnormal activity in the Devil's lair, we had no choice but to advance the meeting!"

"The demons in the Devil's Lair have already entered the Forest of darkness. Once they break through the Forest of darkness, they will face US head-on!"

The old man of light said slowly to everyone.

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly when he heard his words.

According to the information he obtained from the expert from the Tian Yang Divine dynasty in his mind, the Forest of darkness was a forest in the void.

The entire forest covered an area of hundreds of millions of kilometers. Even a God at the peak of the godly state would need more than ten hours to pass through it.

The trees in this forest were rather strange to Wang Xian. They were rooted in the void with dense branches and leaves.

There were a large number of demonic beasts and parasitic demonic arts in the Forest of darkness!

There were even demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state.

The former Forest of darkness belonged to the training grounds of some disciples of the gate of God of the Celestial Dynasty. There were also people who went there to kill the demonic beasts in search of treasures.

Now, the Demonic Army of the demon lair had entered the Forest of darkness.

Once the Forest of darkness was occupied by them, there would be life planets next.

At that time, it would be a disaster for the entire northern region.

Therefore, the northern region alliance had to keep Yaoxie here, or there would be endless trouble in the future.

"After the meeting is over, we will immediately send disciples to the Forest of Darkness to kill Yaoxie and prevent him from occupying the Forest of Darkness!"

"Now, the strength of the Dragon Palace is qualified to be one of the five directors. The other forces will follow the five directors to fight Yaoxie!"

"A director is responsible for an area. You must guard your own area!"

The old man continued. Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly.

Buzz

At this moment, a map of the starry sky appeared in the center.

At the center of the map was an enormous forest. Five directions were marked in front of the forest.

"Directors, select an area. Then, we will lead our disciples and experts to rush over immediately!"

The old man said to the star map in the center.

"Right one, our enchanting divine sect will lead the members of the Alliance to Take Charge!"

"Right two, our God burning divine dynasty will lead the members of the Alliance to Take Charge!"

"Left one, our Yu Huatian Divine sect will take charge!"

The people from the three major forces immediately spoke up.

Some of them looked at Wang Xian and the vice president of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce.

"Hehe, our Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce is the strongest. Then, we will choose the center. The Dragon Palace will take charge of the left two area. What do you think?"

The elder of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce said faintly.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Alright. Now, each member of the Council will lead the members of the Alliance to head to the Forest of darkness immediately!"

The elder of the light said in the end.

"HMM? Lead the members of the Alliance? How many members will our Dragon Palace Lead?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback before he spoke immediately.

"Hehe, we will divide the five directors according to their strength. The members of the Alliance will choose the directors they want to follow!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect stood up and said with a smile.

"There is no hierarchy between the various factions in the Northern Region Alliance. They can choose freely. Dragon King, you can recruit some members!"

The elder of light from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce also spoke at this moment.

"Assemble in half an hour!"

He swept his gaze across the surrounding people and directly disappeared.

The two old men from the enchanting divine gate god Burning God dynasty smiled faintly and walked out.

Immediately, a large group of people followed behind them.

"Haha, joining the Alliance means that we must resist the invasion of the Devil Den. This is a rule of our northern region. If anyone dares to sit back and enjoy the fruits of their labor, our alliance will take the lead in settling down!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect laughed out loud and walked out in a good mood.

After all, he was a new faction. Even if he had some strength, the other factions would not say that they would help him. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Once they helped him, the other factions would definitely suffer losses.

Therefore, even if it was the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce, they would tacitly agree to scam the Dragon Palace.

"It seems that the other four factions have already divided up the factions that the Tianyang Divine Dynasty recruited!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled when he saw this scene.

However, he did not say anything. He was not prepared to lead the other forces either.

Although there were many benefits!