Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2102: Under 2102 demon control

"Gather!"

In the void of Tianmu planet, the disciples of various forces were flying over quickly.

There were 33 forces and five of the strongest forces were leading them!

"Let's Go Too!"

Wang Xian came to the constellation Palace and called all the members of the Dragon Palace to fly towards the void of Tianmu planet.

When they arrived, they immediately saw the eye-catching four forces.

Among the four forces, gods were standing at the front, followed by millions of disciples.

Behind each force, there were at least millions of disciples.

In the middle of the northern expedition trading company, there were more than two million people.

"TSK TSK, all the forces of the Dragon Palace are here. There are only more than 10,000 people!"

At the front of the Yu Huashen sect, the Grand Elder's face was filled with mockery when he saw Wang Xian and the others flying over.

Compared to the four forces, there were at least a million disciples behind them. Each of them had at least the cultivation level of a demigod.

At the front, there were at least 30 to 40 powerhouses at the deity level.

On the contrary, there were only about 10,000 people in the Dragon Palace. Even though there were many deities, the difference in the number of disciples was too huge!

"Is that the Dragon Palace? The number is too small!"

"Although the Dragon Palace has the ability to become a director, they joined too late. All the other forces have been recruited!"

"The Dragon Palace looks so pitiful. There are only ten thousand people. Isn't this too pitiful? Are they delivering food to Yaoxie?"

"Didn't they say that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is extremely powerful? Why do they look so pitiful?"

The arrival of the Dragon Palace and the conflict between the Dragon Palace and the Yu Hua Divine sect made many people extremely surprised.

It also made many weaker forces extremely fearful.

However, when they saw the dragon palace at this moment, even some of the weaker forces in the northern region felt extremely pitiful.

What could more than 10,000 people do!

"They only have a little more deity realm experts now. The difference between demigod realm experts is too big!"

"Even if they are deity realm experts, none of our forces have fewer deity realm experts than them!"

Some forces looked over from time to time with smiles on their faces.

Behind the Yu Huashen Divine sect, the yellow-robed young man laughed disdainfully when he saw this scene.

"More than 10,000 people. I wonder how many will be there when they return!"

He said with some schadenfreude.

"Everyone is here. Let's Go!"

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce swept his gaze around and immediately gave the order!

"Let's Go!"

Everyone from the Northern Region Alliance did not hesitate and flew straight into the vast void.

The Forest of darkness was about 10 million kilometers away from here.

This wasn't very close to a demigod expert. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

A group of over five million people flew over, exuding a terrifying might.

Close to 200 gods, and the rest were all demigods.

Because they had to wait for a demigod disciple, they only arrived after an hour.

The Forest of darkness was incomparably vast from afar.

Every tree was over 10,000 meters tall. In the Forest of darkness, all the trees were dark in color. There were very few areas that had a green glow.

The air of desolation that came from the storefront rushed over.

"What a huge forest!"

Wang Xian looked over and was shocked.

The entire forest was many times bigger than Earth.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

All of a sudden, the roars of demonic beasts could be heard from within.

These roars were definitely the roars of a deity-level existence.

Everyone's faces were extremely solemn!

"According to the pre-assigned range, advance inside. When you encounter the demonic army, immediately block it!"

"If one side can't block it, you can pay a certain price and ask for the support of the other forces. No escaping is allowed. Once they are found to be escaping, our Northern Territory Alliance will definitely eliminate them. Do you have any objections?"

The dignified voice of the old man of light from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce entered everyone's ears!

"No objections!"

The other three factions clearly knew the rules and immediately said indifferently.

After they finished speaking, they turned their gaze towards the direction of the Dragon Palace!

"Haha, if Your Dragon Palace can not hold on, when the time comes, Dragon King, you can kneel down and request for our support. Our Yu Huashen sect can consider it!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect laughed out loud and said sarcastically to Wang Xian!

"Just mind your own business. Don't die in there!"

Wang Xian looked at them indifferently and sneered.

"Hehe!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect smiled faintly.

When the disciples of the surrounding factions saw this scene, their eyes sparkled.

"Enter and push into the Forest of darkness for 800 kilometers. Act according to the situation!"

The bright elder from the northern expedition trading company said. Then, he immediately spread out and flew into the forest.

"Ga Ga Ga Ga!"

At the same time, one by one, one one-eyed flying demonic beasts flew above the forest of darkness to search for information.

The other three forces followed closely behind and sent out scouts to scout ahead!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to the members of the Dragon Palace and immediately flew into the Forest of darkness.

Under the leadership of Ao Yao, the Strange Demon War Department was rebuilding the Dragon Assassin organization. Currently, the Dragon Palace lacked scouts.

However, Wang Xian had the yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes, so he could see everything clearly within a few hundred kilometers!

Even so, they still had to be extremely careful.

Each of the five forces had to cover an area of 200,000 kilometers.

With the number of members of the Dragon Palace, they had to split up. Each of them had to cover 20 kilometers.

With the strength of the Dragon Palace, they could easily take care of one person at 20 kilometers.

The strength of a demigod at level nine and at the peak of 20 kilometers could be reached in a second.

If there was danger, they could get reinforcements in a second.

Furthermore, there were deity-level powerhouses scattered among them. Every few hundred kilometers, there would be a deity among them.

Once there was a situation, the deity-level powerhouses of the Dragon Palace would be guaranteed to provide reinforcements in time.

Wang Xian was in the center. He opened his yin-yang five elements dragon eyes and scanned his surroundings.

The Forest of darkness was a dangerous and treasure-filled place for cultivators.

If one was lucky, he would be able to obtain the divine grass and divine fruit here.

The Divine Beasts were wreaking havoc in there. Conservatively speaking, there were at least a hundred divine beasts occupying an area.

If Yaoxie invaded this place, it would definitely attract the attacks of the divine beasts in the Forest of darkness. However, if they did not join forces, they would definitely not be Yaoxie's match.

Once these godly beasts were destroyed and devoured, Yaoxie's strength would increase again.

The Northern Alliance had to kill Yaoxie from the demon cave here. Otherwise, Yaoxie's army would officially enter the range of the life planet.

At that time, all the forces would not be able to bear the losses.

"Fighting Yaoxie is an opportunity for the Dragon Palace. As long as we can kill enough Yaoxie, the Dragon Palace will be able to improve quickly!"