Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2103: 210.3 billion demonic beasts

More than five million people entered the Forest of darkness.

Among them, there were more than 200 god-level experts. With such a powerful force, they could easily sweep through the entire forest of darkness.

However, this was only the first time they came into contact with an army of demonic beasts. It was the first time they had a head-on collision.

The Northern Territory Alliance did not have much information about the demon lair because they did not know how many demonic beasts would emerge from the demon lair.

"Be careful. After all, our understanding of the Forest of darkness is not as good as the other factions!"

Wang Xian's voice was heard by all the members of the Dragon Palace.

The Northern Territory Alliance said that they were an alliance. Other than having the same goal, the rest of them did not care about the lives of the other factions.

Some information might not be told to them.

Fortunately, the members of the Dragon Palace were relatively strong. None of them were weaker than a demigod at level eight. Most of them were at level nine or peak.

One of them could match up to a few hundred of the other party, or even more!

Although the other factions mocked the dragon palace, Wang Xian did not take them seriously.

If they were to really fight, even the two million disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company might not be a match for the more than ten thousand members of the Dragon Palace.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

As they proceeded forward, roars could be heard from time to time.

One by one, the demonic beasts in the Forest of darkness let out roars.

As time passed, more and more roars could be heard. Some came from the surroundings while some came from the opposite side.

Today, regardless of whether it was the demonic beasts or the Northern Territory Alliance, it would be a huge disaster for the demonic beasts in the Forest of darkness.

Wang Xian hovered above the forest of darkness and scanned his surroundings.

Very soon, the Dragon Palace encountered some demonic beasts. Some weaker demonic beasts were easily killed!

Demonic Beasts also knew how to avoid danger. The appearance of the Northern Territory Alliance was a disaster for the demonic beasts.

Furthermore, due to the appearance of the Demonic Beasts, many powerful demonic beasts had already fled into the vast void.

Wang Xian and the rest didn't advance very quickly. He didn't allow the disciples of the Dragon Palace to advance quickly.

His speed was about the same as the speed of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the Yu Huashen sect on both sides. He wanted to avoid encountering the demonic army and being drawn over.

As they ventured deeper, more and more powerful demonic beasts appeared. The Dragon Palace encountered a celestial-level demonic beast and was suppressed by the experts of the Dragon Palace!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The deeper they went, the louder the violent roars became. The roars in front of them were almost endless!

The roars are getting denser and denser. The demonic army should be getting closer and closer

Wang Xian thought to himself as he stared straight ahead.

"Everyone, be careful!"

At the same time, the leaders of the other four forces were staring ahead warily as they warned their disciples.

Unlike the Dragon Palace, the other forces had more than ten disciples working together. It seemed to be much safer than the Dragon Palace!

"The demonic aura is getting stronger and stronger!"

Wang Xian stared ahead and frowned slightly.

It was the same as the demonic aura on Earth back then.

Back on Earth, if it wasn't for the appearance of the Divine Mountain and the rise of the nine dragons, these demonic auras would probably have massacred the entire earth.

The demonic aura in front of them was even stronger than the one on Earth.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When Wang Xian and the rest entered about 500 kilometers into the Forest of darkness, the roar came from afar and came closer!

"There are demonic beasts flying towards us!"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted as he stared at the location in front of him.

A large number of demonic beasts were flying towards their location. Wang Xian swept his gaze over and saw that there were hundreds of thousands of demonic beasts flying over from their side alone.

Many of these demonic beasts were injured, and the stench of blood assaulted their faces.

They were escaping!

"We can't let these demonic beasts go. The demonic beasts in the forest of darkness are filled with savagery. Entering a life-preserving planet is also a threat. Attack!"

A God's angry voice rang out from the center. It could be heard clearly within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

"Attack!"

Wang Xian didn't hesitate and immediately ordered all the members of the Dragon Palace.

At the same time, Wang Xian fixed his gaze on the two godly beasts and flew over.

Two pythons with pitch-black bodies were about 10,000 meters in length. Their bodies were emitting an intense bloodlust aura!

Although they were godly beasts, they didn't understand human nature as they lived in the Forest of darkness. Therefore, they were more bestial.

"Dragon Claw!"

Wang Xian stretched out his arms and grabbed at the two divine beasts with his two dragon claws.

He easily killed the divine beasts that only had five wisps of divine fire.

"Roar! Roar!"

The two divine beasts let out a shrill roar.

The rest of the demonic beasts were quickly killed by the experts from the Dragon Palace!

"Two demonic beasts with five wisps of divine fire can increase the number of godly state experts in the Dragon Palace by at least four to five!"

A faint smile appeared on Wang Xian's face.

Hualalala

At this moment, the sound of leaves clashing against each other was heard.

It was densely packed as though it was endless.

Wang Xian immediately looked down into the forest below. With a glance, all the leaves within a few hundred kilometers were swaying!

It was as though there were densely packed demonic beasts galloping in the Forest of darkness.

"They aren't Demonic Beasts!"

Very soon, when Wang Xian saw those dark creatures with sickle-like claws galloping in the forest, he immediately recognized them.

They were demonic beasts.

Before they could reach the distance of 800 kilometers, they had already encountered them!

The situation had completely exceeded everyone's expectations!

"Get ready for battle!"

A strong fighting spirit burst out from Wang Xian's eyes. He stared at the location below. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes were locked onto the celestial-level demonic beasts!

Behind each celestial-level demonic beast was a huge dark kingdom. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

It was unknown if there were any more demonic beasts in the dark kingdom.

"There are more than fifty celestial-level demonic beasts, and three of them have eight wisps of divine fire!"

Wang Xian looked at the demonic beasts in his area and took a deep breath. A cold look appeared in his eyes!

"The Demonic Army has appeared. Prepare for battle!"

A Stern shout came from the central Northern Expedition Trading Company. At this moment, all the forces felt a chill in their hearts.

"Enter the Forest of darkness. All the evildoers are inside the Forest of Darkness!"

Wang Xian let out a soft shout and all the members of the Dragon Palace entered the Forest of darkness.

The 10,000-meter tall trees were rooted in the air. It looked as though they were floating in the air.

In front of them, there were many demonic beasts galloping on the trees. Their blood-red eyes were staring in their direction.

"Get Ready!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with fighting spirit!

"Hiss, there are so many demonic beasts. There are simply too many of them. Oh My God, they cover a radius of a few hundred kilometers and are almost endless. How many demonic beasts are there?"

"At least half of the demonic beasts have the strength of a demigod. Everyone, be careful. The Lord of the gods might not be able to take care of us later!"

The disciples of the Northern Alliance were shocked when they saw this scene.

There was no end to the dense group of Yaoxie.

Among them, the god-level Yaoxie was roaring. He had a demon cave on his back and his blood-red eyes were staring straight ahead.