Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2104: Under the 210.4 billion demonic army

"Prepare for battle! Prepare to die!"

A shout resounded in the sky above the Forest of darkness, reaching the ears of every disciple of the Northern Alliance.

When everyone felt the bloody and barbaric aura charging towards them, the relaxed expression on their faces completely disappeared.

Before they set off, they had thought that their group of five million or two hundred gods, with the lowest being at the demigod level, was already very powerful!

Even if they encountered the demonic army, there shouldn't be the slightest problem.

However, when they saw the terrifying blood-red eyes within the Dark Forest of darkness and the god-level demonic demons carrying the Devil Den on their backs, they were all shocked!

They had to prepare for death!

All the disciples gritted their teeth and forced the fear out of their minds, staring at the demonic beasts in front of them!

"The number of demonic beasts is much more than we expected!"

The light elder of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, who was in the center, had a solemn expression on his face.

"I heard that a peak god-level expert died in eternal shocking thunder. It seems that we have to be careful!"

He mumbled, full of vigilance.

"They're here!"

"They're here!"

Looking at Yaoxie who was only a few dozen kilometers away, everyone held their weapons tightly.

The eyes of the gods were locked onto those godly state experts. They were filled with killing intent!

"Kill!"

At the position of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian saw Yaoxie who was very close to them and immediately gave the order.

"Kill!"

The members of the Dragon Palace were filled with fighting spirit. Each of the demon monkeys held a club in their hands and their bodies were emitting a violent murderous aura.

Each and every member of the Starwood Combat Division had set up a trap to attack Yaoxie and waited for him to arrive.

Just at the position of the Dragon Palace, the army of Yaoxie numbered in the hundreds of millions.

Fortunately, not all of them were at the demigod level. Even so, there were at least 50 to 60 million of them.

50 to 60 million was enough to drown all the members of the Dragon Palace!

Boom

The collision happened very quickly, and the 30 or so gods from the Dragon Palace released their first wave of attacks.

The earth-shattering attack immediately turned all the trees within a hundred kilometers into ashes.

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, the attacks of the gods from the Dragon Palace didn't cause too many casualties to Yao Xie.

Yao Xie was intelligent. In an instant, the Yao Xie with the demon cave on their backs blocked the first round of attacks.

"How is this possible!"

"There are so many strong Yao Xie!"

Sounds of shock could be heard from other places.

Obviously, similar to the Dragon Palace, the first round of attacks from the gods were blocked.

"Kill!"

Wang Xian was not too surprised. He directly attacked the three Yao Xie with eight wisps of divine fire.

Stepping on the poles of yin and yang, the five elements millstone appeared above his head!

Below, a group of godly state experts from the Dragon Palace locked onto the demonic fire demons and attacked them.

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace clashed with the demonic fire demons.

Boom

In the sky, Wang Xian relied on the huge five elements Millstone to suppress the three demonic fire demons.

"Ji Ji Ji!"

The terrifying energy caused the three eight wisps of divine fire demons to let out an angry roar. The dark demon caves on their bodies attacked the five elements millstone in the sky.

"Boom Boom!"

An incomparably terrifying collision sound rang out. The aftershock of the five elements millstone caused the five to six million demons within a hundred kilometers to die instantly.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. At this moment, he didn't have the slightest bit of cover up!

"Roar! Roar!"

With a dragon roar, his entire body transformed into the body of a divine dragon and attacked the three demonic beasts that were about 5,000 meters away.

With a wave of his dragon claws and a sway of his dragon tail, Wang Xian instantly unleashed all of his strength!

"Roar! Roar!"

Sensing the terrifying dragon aura from Wang Xian, the three demonic beasts with eight wisps of divine fire trembled slightly. The demonic beasts at the demigod level trembled even more.

Under the dragon aura, they could not unleash half of their strength.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian shouted angrily. The Five Elements Millstone came to the sky above the three demonic demons. The Yin and yang Poles instantly arrived below them!

"Space of seven elements!"

Wang Xian's body trembled. Seven-colored light surrounded the entire space. Other than these three demonic demons, there were tens of millions of other demonic demons that were sealed by the space of seven elements!

"Die!"

After entering the space, those who were weaker than the nine wisps of divine fire had no ability to resist at all.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the seven-colored light transformed into killing intent!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

A miserable shriek was heard instantly. In an instant, the three eight wisps of divine fire demonic beasts, including tens of thousands of demonic beasts, were killed instantly!

Wang Xian retracted the seven elements space and swept his gaze toward the area below.

More than 10,000 experts from the Dragon Palace collided with the demons. A fierce battle broke out in an instant.

Every member of the Dragon Palace was surrounded by thousands of demons.

The unlucky members of the Dragon Palace were injured in an instant!

However, the Demon War Department, the Star Wood War Department, the Heavenly Eye Arrow Department, the Mount Department, and the Thunder Department, along with the special sound waves from the dolphins, immediately stabilized the situation of the members of the Dragon Palace.

Every second, the members of the Dragon Palace were able to kill hundreds of thousands of demons.

However, hundreds of thousands of demons were too few in front of this army of demons!

"Roar!"

In the sky, Ao Qitian and Ao Qi, who were emitting blood-red light, killed one God realm demon after another.

The situation in the dragon palace had stabilized! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The terrifying war spread over tens of millions of kilometers.

The war between the Northern Territory Alliance and Yao Xie had completely erupted!

Casualties had also occurred at the moment of the outbreak of the war.

There were too many Yao Xie, so many that it exceeded everyone's expectations.

"Damn it, Yao Xie, who is at the peak of the godly state, has appeared!"

At this moment, a shocked and angry voice rang out from the center. Wang Xian swept his gaze over, and his eyes sparkled.

He stood in the void did not make a move, because once this piece of evil is large-scale extermination, the surrounding evil is bound to rush to this side.

There might even be a demon at the peak of the celestial realm.

Although the evil's corpse is very important to the dragon palace, but can not take this risk!

He hovered over the battlefield of the Dragon Palace, quietly guarding the area.

Once a disciple of the Dragon Palace was in danger, he would take action immediately!

Under such circumstances, there were no casualties among the members of the Dragon Palace. Every second, there were corpses.

Wang Xian's body trembled. The Dragon Palace of the Divine Nation slowly appeared behind him.

"Prime Minister Gui, bring some men to collect these corpses. Then, use them to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace immediately!"

As the Dragon Palace appeared, Wang Xian immediately gave an order to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head and instructed a group of members of the Dragon Palace to collect the corpses and place them into the dragon transformation pool!

"It's fortunate that there are other forces around. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Dragon Palace to obtain such a harvest!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. The Dangerous Demon Cave was a huge opportunity for the Dragon Palace!