Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2105: 2105, Yu Huashen sect’s request for help

The massacre continued.

All the demonic beasts seemed to be endless. Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and stared at the battlefield in front of him.

After killing the eight wisps of divine fire demonic beasts, he didn't make a move.

There were no demonic beasts here that were worth his time.

All he had to do was to take care of the casualties of the members of the Dragon Palace.

One by one, the corpses were sent to the Dragon Palace. These corpses were much more valuable than the space locusts from before.

There were many evil demons from the insightful void realm to the peak of the demigod realm. Killing ten million evil demons should be enough to ignite the divine fire of a member of the Dragon Palace.

The God who ignited the divine fire was at least as powerful as two wisps of the Divine Fire God!

Moreover, there were those evil demons who had ignited the divine fire. One corpse was enough to increase the number of god-level existences in the Dragon Palace.

"Just by relying on this battle, the Dragon Palace can have 50 to 60 members ignite the divine fire. However, a portion of the resources must be used to enhance the high-end combat strength of the Dragon Palace!"

The moment Ao he left, the strongest person in the Dragon Palace was Wang Xian.

Currently, the Dragon Palace needed to nurture some members who had nine wisps of divine fire or even the peak of the godly state.

The resources needed to nurture these experts were too huge. Only seven to eight corpses with eight wisps of divine fire could allow ao Qitian, Ao Qi, and the rest to advance one level and have the same combat strength as him!

In order to nurture experts at the peak of the godly state, the corpses required were those at the peak of the godly state. At least two corpses were required.

It would be great if the other four forces could obtain Yaoxie's corpses

Wang Xian thought to himself.

The other four forces would definitely be able to obtain a large number of Yaoxie's corpses.

However, Yaoxie was also a treasure to them, especially Yaoxie's demonic core. It could increase their cultivation level. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Demonic cores at the godly state were also treasures to godly state experts.

Wang Xian dismissed this idea.

"Prime Minister Gui, send another 5,000 members of the Dragon Palace to increase the speed of the hunt!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The Dragon Palace had been summoned over by him. There were about 10,000 members in the Dragon Palace.

Sending 5,000 members would increase the speed of the hunt.

Wang Xian sat leisurely in the air. He even placed a cup of tea on the dragon throne as he sipped and watched.

However, not everyone was as carefree as Wang Xian.

The position in the center, where the Northern Expedition Trading Company was located, did not have such good luck.

As for the position next to it, the god-burning God dynasty did not have such good luck either.

These two forces had all encountered Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state.

Facing Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, who was the leader of the two forces, they fought with Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state.

While they were fighting, they naturally could not take care of the rest of their disciples.

This caused the battle between these two forces and Yao Xie to be exceptionally intense. Blood flowed like a river.

Wang Xian sat in the void and looked over there from time to time. He felt a little fortunate.

"However, the reason for all of this should be because the dragon palace has too few people!"

Wang Xian thought of one reason and smiled.

As there were too few people, most of Yao Xie would naturally choose to attack the other four forces!

Each of the four forces had over a million disciples.

Naturally, the most powerful force of General Yao Xie attacked them.

The Dragon Palace had fewer people, so they encountered the least number of attacks.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

From the left, roars could be heard continuously.

Wang Xian looked over and revealed a smile. He couldn't help but smile even more.

That was the position of the Yu Huatian sect. The Yu Huatian sect was more pitiful. There were too many people, so it attracted a Yao Xie with nine divine flames.

That demonic evil with nine wisps of divine fire was fighting with the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect in the sky.

Waves of terrifying energy covered a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers. Even Wang Xian could sense it.

However, he was only gloating and would not clap to congratulate them. Haha!

"Damn it, damn it. There are so many of these demonic evil. There is simply no end to them!"

On the left side of the Yu Huashen sect, the yellow-robed youth waved his sharp sword with an extremely ugly expression as he killed Yao Xie.

His entire body was covered in blood. The short ten minutes of battle had left him extremely exhausted.

The number of Yao Xie in his hands had already reached more than ten thousand, but there was still no decrease.

The number of Yao Xie in front of him seemed to be endless. Around a fifth of the surrounding disciples had already been lost.

Tragic!

"If we didn't have the Yao Xie of the nine wisps of divine fire here and the supreme elder protecting us, we wouldn't have suffered such a loss!"

The yellow-robed youth growled in a low voice with an extremely ugly expression!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Suddenly, a roar came from ahead of them.

His expression changed slightly.

All the surrounding disciples and deity realm experts of the Yu Huatian Divine sect were also shocked. They revealed horrified expressions.

In the Forest of Darkness Ahead, a terrifying demonic beast with more than ten claws was carrying a demon cave on its back as it charged towards the Yu Huatian Divine Sect's supreme elder in the sky.

"Oh no, it's another demonic beast with nine wisps of Divine Fire!"

"Not Good, another demonic beast with nine wisps of divine fire has appeared here. Supreme Elder is in danger!"

Everyone's expressions changed drastically.

Yu Huashen sect was only slightly stronger than the skycenter divine dynasty out of the previous five governors.

After the news of the skycenter divine dynasty's destruction was spread out, Yu Huashen sect occupied the Skycenter Divine Dynasty's territory. However, they only recruited two forces that originally relied on the skycenter divine dynasty!

Among the five governors, they probably thought that they were only stronger than the Dragon Palace!

This time, the sect master of the Yu Huashen sect did not come to resist the demon cave. Only the supreme elder had come.

Now that they had encountered two Yao Xie with nine wisps of divine fire, it was a fatal blow to them.

"Damn it, why is there another Yao Xie with nine wisps of Divine Fire? Damn it, damn it, we are at the leftmost edge!"

At that moment, the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect, who was fighting with the nine wisps of Yao Xie, saw another Yao Xie of the same level rushing over. His expression changed drastically.

"Give me five minutes. I can kill this demonic evil in front of me, but if another demonic evil comes, I will die without a doubt!"

"No, I must call for reinforcements. Otherwise, I will die here today!"

"Damn it. If I call for reinforcements, the price I will have to pay will be extremely terrifying..."

The supreme elder of Yu Huashen sect looked extremely embarrassed. His body was trembling.

He never thought that he would be so unlucky!

"The Yu Huashen sect has requested the help of the nine wisps of Divine Fire God. Two nine wisps of divine fire demonic beasts have appeared here!"

The Yu Huashen Sect's supreme elder roared with an unsightly expression as his voice spread across tens of millions of kilometers.

The entire Northern Territory Alliance could hear him clearly!

"Oh? The Yu Huashen sect has actually encountered two nine wisps of Divine Fire Demonic Beasts? They are rather unlucky!"

All the forces heard his roar and were slightly startled!