Chapter 2106: 2106. Yu Huashen sect’s request for help

"Yu Huashen sect is sending reinforcements. Should we send one person to help? This is a very good opportunity!"

On the far right, three old men were floating leisurely in the sky.

The situation at the enchanting divine sect was similar to the situation at the Dragon Palace.

On the far right, there was only one demonic devil with nine wisps of divine fire.

With the demonic God sect's power, it was very easy to deal with him.

Even the demonic God sect's deputy sect master did not make a move.

When an elder heard the Yu Huashen sect's request for help, he raised his brows and looked calmly at the middle-aged man in the middle.

"The Yu Huashen sect is on the far left. They are eight million kilometers away from us..." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The demonic God sect's deputy sect master looked hesitant.

As long as they went to support Yu Huashen sect, they would definitely receive huge benefits.

This benefit was enough to tempt the enchanting God sect.

"It's too far. Let's forget about it. They are on the far left, but they can encounter two demonic beasts with nine wisps of divine fire. If powerful demonic beasts from our side come over, we will suffer a huge loss!"

The vice sect master of the enchanting God sect hesitated for a moment, but in the end, he shook his head.

Although they hadn't been attacked by the powerful Yao Xie, they were too far away. If something happened to them, they wouldn't be able to make it in time.

They couldn't take this risk!

"Indeed. If we weren't so far apart, we could have attacked. Let's forget about it for now!"

A god of nine wisps of divine fire shook his head.

The demonic God sect didn't respond. The God Burning God dynasty and the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce didn't respond either.

Both of their forces were attacked by Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the deity realm. Without the Order of a powerhouse at the peak of the deity realm, it was impossible for the rest of the gods to go over to assist them.

Furthermore, the situation on their side was extremely urgent!

As for the Dragon Palace, when Wang Xian heard Yu Huashen sect asking for help, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. His face was filled with schadenfreude!

There was no response!

Not a single faction responded!

At this moment, the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect, who was holding back two demonic beasts by himself, had an extremely ugly expression on his face.

It was extremely difficult for him to hold back two demonic beasts of the same level by himself. Now that he had already erupted out of the divine kingdom, he would die very soon if he continued to fight!

Once he died, all the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect would be finished!

"Without reinforcements, what should we do? Our Grand Supreme Elder is in danger. Once something happens to him, we will be finished!"

"How could we be so unlucky? We actually ran into two demonic beasts with nine divine flames!"

All the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect looked at this scene with embarrassment and terror.

If this continued, they would all die here!

"Ahhhhh!"

Some people were distracted. Faced with the terrifying Yao Xie, they continued to scream in pain.

"Damn it, damn it!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect heard the screams coming from below. When he saw that the situation had worsened, his expression changed.

His gaze swept to the right, and his expression became even gloomier.

"If the northern expedition trading company encountered Yao Xie at the peak of the deity realm, they would definitely not come over to help. The distance between the god Burning God dynasty and the demonic God sect is too far!"

"The Dragon Palace has not encountered any powerful Yao Xie attacks. Then, the Dragon King might not have made a move yet. Why aren't there any powerful Yao Xie attacking them?"

His eyes were bloodshot.

Why were there two powerful Yao Xie flying over from their side, but there were no powerful Yao Xie attacking from the Dragon Palace.

Why?

"This won't do. If this continues, I will die here!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect tried his best to restrain the two nine-wisps of divine fire demonic beasts. He gritted his teeth!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, the Yu Huatian Divine sect requests your assistance!"

"Dragon King, Come and help me get rid of one of the nine-wisps of divine fire demonic beasts. The Yu Huatian Divine sect will definitely repay you handsomely!"

He gritted his teeth and his voice traveled to the right.

The cry for help from the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect stunned all the disciples of the Yu Huatian Divine sect. Their expressions turned ugly.

Everyone knew about the conflict between them and the Dragon Palace.

When they came over just now, they even mocked that the number of people from the Dragon Palace was relatively small.

In the end, they wanted to ask for help from the Dragon Palace instead.

This was a very embarrassing matter.

"Eh? They actually asked for help from me. It seems like they are in a very critical situation!"

Wang Xian looked over there with a mocking expression on his face.

"Hehe, your Yu Huashen sect is so powerful. Why would you need the help of a small Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian replied indifferently.

When the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect, who was fighting against Yao Xie, heard Wang Xian's words, he almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

The faces of the Yu Huashen sect's disciples also changed slightly.

The Dragon Palace was not willing to provide assistance!

"If I am killed, these two Yao Xie of the nine wisps of divine fire will definitely come to your place and Destroy Your Dragon Palace!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect roared angrily.

"Hehe, you don't have to worry about our Dragon Palace. In any case, you will be the first to be destroyed!"

Wang Xian replied leisurely when he heard his threat.

Even if he faced the two demonic beasts of the nine wisps of divine fire alone, Wang Xian was confident that he could handle them and even kill them.

When the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect heard Wang Xian's words, his body trembled violently and his eyes were blood red!

"Yuwen Divine Peak, go look for the Dragon King. As long as he is willing to take action, we are willing to pay any price!"

He growled at a god of the Yu Huatian Divine sect at the back.

"Oh? It's the Supreme Elder!"

At the back, a God with six wisps of divine fire paused for a moment. His face revealed a look of humiliation.

Without any hesitation, he immediately flew towards the Dragon Palace.

At this moment, even if he had to lower himself, he had to ask for the Dragon King's support.

Even if it was a little humiliating, he had no choice but to lower his head at this moment.

When the other disciples of the Yu Huatian Divine sect saw this scene, their expressions became even more awkward.

"Someone is coming?"

Wang Xian, who had been paying attention to the Yu Huatian Divine sect, saw that there was no movement for a while.

Suddenly, he noticed a figure flying over. His eyes were sparkling.

"Dragon King!"

When the Yuwen Divine Peak who was flying over saw the situation in the Dragon Palace, his expression turned even uglier.

Especially when he saw Wang Xian landing on the dragon throne, drinking tea, and seeing him flying over, he almost wanted to vomit blood!

"Dragon King, please state a condition. As long as you are willing to support us, we will definitely agree to it!"

The Yuwen Divine Peak did not hesitate at all. He clenched his teeth and bowed as he spoke immediately.

"One condition?"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he raised his eyebrows slightly!

"That's right. As long as our Yuhua Divine sect can do it, we will definitely agree to it!"

Yuwen Shenfeng said with embarrassment.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him with a glint in his eyes.

"I can do it!"

He knocked on the dragon chair lightly and said, "I want the bodies of the demons that you killed. All the bodies belong to the Dragon Palace!"

I want the bodies of all the humans and demons!

Hearing this, Yuwen Shenfeng's face darkened, and his breathing quickened!