Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2107: 2107’s support and sneak attack

Yaoxie's corpse!

The reason why the Northern Territory Alliance could be established and why they had to become directors was partly because they were afraid that the demon cave would invade their homes.

Another more important reason was that Yaoxie had demon cores!

Demon cores were a huge treasure for every cultivator.

This time, they came here to fight against Yao Xie. Many of them were here to obtain the demon nucleus!

If they were to give all the corpses of Yao Xie to the Dragon Palace now, they would suffer a huge loss this time!

"Alright!"

However, since things had come to this, they had no choice but to grit their teeth and nod their heads.

He clenched his fists slightly. He was filled with humiliation!

"Hahaha, Prime Minister Gui, lead some disciples to collect Yao Xie's corpse!"

When Wang Xian heard their agreement, he let out a carefree smile.

Helping the Yu Huashen sect to eliminate a Yaoxie with nine wisps of divine fire was only beneficial to Wang Xian.

Since the Yu Huashen sect was destroyed, Yaoxie would definitely attack them.

Helping the Yu Huashen sect to eliminate a Yaoxie with nine wisps of divine fire, there would be a group of people working for him!

Wang Xian's face was full of smiles.

He moved and headed straight for the Yu Huashen sect.

Behind him, Prime Minister Gui led over a thousand members of the Dragon Palace and immediately followed behind.

When Yuwen Divine Peak saw Wang Xian flying over, he heaved a sigh of relief. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

No matter what price he had to pay, he had to get through this crisis first.

"Everyone from the Yu Huashen sect, it seems that the situation is not looking good. Haha, but if you are willing to pay all the corpses of Demonic Fire for me to take action, I will naturally not be stingy!"

Wang Xian flew to the Yu Huashen sect and swept his gaze across. When he saw the tragic side of the Yu Huashen sect, he could not help but laugh again.

"Pay all of Yaoxie's corpses?"

At the lower position, when some people saw the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace flying over, they heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. When they heard this sentence, they trembled for a moment!

Over a hundred thousand meters in the sky, the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect's face sank when he heard Wang Xian's words.

"We will definitely do what we promised you. Dragon King, make your move as soon as possible. If I Die, Your Dragon Palace will suffer as well!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect shouted sternly. His entire body was filled with killing intent.

"Don't be anxious. Let's see if you can hold on for a while!"

Wang Xian looked over and said with a relaxed expression.

"Prime Minister Gui, go and collect the demonic corpse that they killed!"

He looked at Prime Minister Gui and the others behind him and said with a smile.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

"Put away all the evil bodies. Pay attention. Don't disturb their battle. Also, keep an eye on them. If they put the evil bodies into their interspatial rings, attack them immediately. After all, they belong to us!"

Prime Minister Gui said to the members of the Dragon Palace.

"Yes!"

The members of the Dragon Palace answered and looked around!

Many bodies were floating in the air and on the branches.

Facing the billions of Yao Xie in front of them, they had no time to put the bodies into their interspatial rings.

If they were not careful, they would die. No one dared to be distracted on the battlefield.

Therefore, almost all of Yao Xie's corpses were around.

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace went over and put Yao Xie's corpses into their interspatial rings.

All the disciples of the Yu Huatian Divine sect and even the godly state experts were stunned when they saw this scene. They nearly vomited blood and died!

At least a few hundred disciples were killed by Yao Xie because they were distracted!

"Hurry up and send reinforcements!"

When the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect saw this scene, his eyes turned blood-red as he shouted sternly.

"Haha, Leave One to Me!"

Wang Xian looked at the exasperated Supreme Elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect and smiled.

He moved and flew over to provide support.

The five elements millstone attacked a Yao Xie with nine wisps of divine fire.

"Roar!"

When the evil demon saw Wang Xian coming to his aid, it let out an angry roar and a terrifying black liquid covered him.

"Buzz!"

The five elements millstone swept across and blocked the evil demon's attack directly!

"Phew!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen divine sect heaved a sigh of relief when he saw an evil demon attacking Wang Xian.

His blood-red eyes stared at the evil demon in front of him in a sorry state as he held the fiery red ball in his hand tightly.

The ball contained a terrifying temperature. It was a powerful divine artifact!

"Kill!"

With a ferocious roar, he poured all the anger in his heart onto Yao Xie.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Yao Xie carried the demon cave on his back as surging dark energy poured down on him like a waterfall.

Behind the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect was a divine kingdom that was also like the Sun. The entire divine kingdom of the sun was exuding a terrifying temperature.

The Sun above his head!

"Die, You Damned Beast!"

The Yu Huatian sect's supreme elder violently threw out the ball of flames in his hand!

The ball of flames instantly released beams of fiery radiance that were like rays of light!

At the same time, the divine kingdom above his head smashed towards Yao Xie.

He was furious, completely furious!

Today was definitely the most humiliating day of his life.

He requested for reinforcements from the enemy and paid a heavy price.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Violent attacks landed on that Yaoxie continuously. In a one-on-one situation, the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect was confident that he could kill the Yaoxie of the nine wisps of divine fire.

Facing the Yaoxie of the nine wisps of divine fire, Wang Xian still had to treat it seriously.

However, with the divine weapons and treasures in his hands, he didn't have much pressure to deal with experts of the same level.

He controlled the five elements millstone and kept bombarding the demonic fire in front of him.

"Die!"

Five minutes later, an angry shout came from the side.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Following that, a series of screams sounded. Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked over.

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect, who looked like he was covered in blood, stood on top of a huge sun with bloodshot eyes.

Under the huge sun, the evil demon with nine divine flames let out miserable screams.

"He was killed so quickly. It seems like he is going all out!"

"He must be really angry!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and revealed a faint smile. He narrowed his eyes slightly and waved his arm. The Evil Demon's corpse was guided into the mother nest!

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine Sect, who was standing proudly in the sky above the great sun, saw Wang Xian suddenly taking away the demonic corpse. His face darkened and his heavy breathing became a little messy!

"If you want to get rid of that demonic corpse, come over and help me. Get Rid of this demonic corpse as well!"

Wang Xian's voice entered his ears, causing him to clench his fists tightly.

"I have consumed too much energy. I need to recover for a few minutes. Dragon King, you hold on for now!"

He stared at Wang Xian with a menacing gaze. The killing intent in his eyes was brewing.

As he spoke, he floated in the air to recover the divine power he had consumed!

He was calculating in his heart...