Chapter 2108: Under 2108’s support and sneak attack

"Damn it! We are fighting here, but the people of the Dragon Palace are collecting our spoils of war!"

"The Supreme Elder killed the demonic evil of the nine wisps of divine fire, and the Dragon King took away the corpse. Now he wants us to continue to attack. Just by taking action, we can gain so many benefits. The Dragon Palace is taking advantage of the situation!"

On the battlefield of the Yu Huatian Divine sect, some disciples and even some god-level experts looked extremely embarrassed when they saw that the body of Yao Xie that the grand elder had killed was taken away.

They had sacrificed all the bodies of Yao Xie, but the Dragon King was only able to defend a little. This was simply taking advantage of the situation!

This made everyone from the Yu Huatian Divine sect look indignant and extremely furious.

"Boom! Boom!"

In the sky, Wang Xian displayed his full strength. The Five Elements Millstone was suspended in the sky while the Yin and yang Poles were located below.

Streams of destructive power bombarded the demonic evil in front of him.

The attacks of seven attributes allowed Wang Xian to completely suppress the demonic evil.

However, he would need at least five to six minutes to kill it.

However, he was not in a hurry. This was the battlefield of the Yu Huashen sect! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"If you are well-rested, come and help quickly. This is the location of the Yu Huashen sect. It would be bad if the aftershocks hurt your disciples!"

Three minutes later, Wang Xian said to the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect.

"Huff! Huff!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect, who was floating in the air with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes. He was like a wild beast that had just come out of its cage.

He stared at Wang Xian, who was fighting with Yao Xie, and moved his palm slightly.

"It's fine to take advantage of the situation, but if you want to rob the Yu Huashen sect, you will have to pay a heavy price!"

He mumbled as a murderous intent flashed across his eyes.

"Alright!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect swept his gaze across the surroundings.

They were all around them. Even if they killed him, the other factions would not know about it.

He smiled maliciously. With a move of his palm, the ball in his hand immediately turned into a great sun and attacked the evil demon.

"Kill this beast as soon as possible!"

"Great Sun of the sky, Burn!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect shouted at Wang Xian. The Great Sun unleashed a powerful attack and attacked the evil demon.

"Five elements great mill, Trap!"

When Wang Xian saw him attack, the power of the five elements revolved. The powerful binding force caused the nine demonic beasts to pause slightly.

"Roar!"

It looked at the great sun that was about to attack and revealed a panicked expression.

However, how could the binding force of the five elements be so easily evaded?

"Boom!"

The huge great sun landed directly on the Demonic Beast's body.

"Roar!"

A miserable scream was heard. With a move of his arm, the Dragon Blood Sword appeared in his hand.

He moved his body and slashed directly at Yaoxie's head.

"Die!"

In the sky, the five elements Millstone was restraining yaoxie. The huge sun was burning him.

Wang Xian appeared in the sky above Yaoxie and the dragon blood sword landed directly on him!

Roar! Roar

The nine wisps of divine fire stared at Wang Xian with its blood-red eyes. The Demon Cave on his body was emitting darkness and was eroding towards him.

"Yin-yang five elements alms bowl!"

Wang Xian's body trembled as he resisted the invasion of darkness from the Demon Cave!

"Pu!"

The Dragon Blood Sword in his hand landed directly on Yaoxie's head.

"Ao ao ao ao!"

The nine wisps of divine fire Yaoxie felt the threat of death. Its six claws attacked Wang Xian crazily.

A counterattack before death!

"This is our chance, Hahaha!"

"Taking advantage of the situation to rob the Yu Huatian Divine sect will cost you your life!"

"Dragon King, not only will I kill you, even your Dragon Palace will have to pay a heavy price!"

At this moment, the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine Sect, who was controlling the great sun, revealed a ferocious expression.

He stared at Wang Xian's back with a bloodthirsty expression and his body was trembling!

"Divine kingdom, destruction of the Stars!"

"Die for me, Hahaha!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect could not help but let out an excited roar, releasing all of his humiliation.

The divine kingdom behind him, which had never been retracted, flew out one after another meteorites that contained terrifying flames.

The meteorites attacked Wang Xian directly.

It was at this moment that five meteors smashed toward Wang Xian before the demonic beast resisted.

"These flaming meteors have been nurtured in the divine kingdom for tens of thousands of years. Each of them is comparable to a divine weapon!"

"It's your honor to die under these five meteors of mine, Dragon King!"

His sinister gaze locked onto the Dragon King. The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine Sect's face was filled with malevolent killing intent.

"Oh? Damn it, the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect actually launched a sneak attack!"

When Wang Xian sensed the attacks coming towards him, his expression changed slightly when he heard the excited roar of the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect.

"Yu Huatian Divine sect, you are courting death. You actually launched a sneak attack on me!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. A powerful killing intent shot out from his eyes as he roared coldly!

His body moved and he flew towards the sky in a hurry.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, the demonic blood-red eyes that were pierced by the dragon blood sword in front of him were filled with madness.

One by one, his claws completely sealed off Wang Xian's surroundings.

"Oh no!"

There were demonic blood-red claws that were retaliating in front of him and five terrifying meteorites behind him. Wang Xian's expression changed slightly.

"Five elements, defend!"

"Yin-yang, Defend!"

Wang Xian did not panic. His body emitted a seven-colored radiance.

The seven-colored radiance slowly condensed into dragon scales that covered his entire body.

He was prepared to take these two attacks head-on.

"Are you prepared to take them head-on? Then let me add more fire to you!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect looked on with a ferocious expression. He waved his hands and a flaming spear slowly extended out from his divine kingdom that was like the Sun.

The flaming spear pierced straight through Wang Xian.

The terrifying flaming radiance illuminated the entire sky.

It was as if the Void was penetrated.

"This is... Our Supreme Elder is attacking the Dragon King who is taking advantage of the situation!"

"Haha, Good, good. Kill that Dragon King and let him be arrogant. He actually dares to humiliate us!"

"Kill him. He actually dares to threaten us. Kill him!"

The sneak attack of the Yu Huatian Divine Sect's supreme elder in the sky immediately attracted the attention of all the disciples.

When they saw the Dragon King who was attacked in the middle, all of them revealed expressions of excitement and savagery.

Those who dared to rob them would die!

"Oh no, this group of traitors!"

Prime Minister GUI's expression changed slightly when he saw this sudden scene. His eyes revealed a cold killing intent.

"Attack them!"

However, at that moment, a god with seven wisps of divine fire from the Yu Huashen sect not far away suddenly roared!

At that moment, all the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect knew what to do

"How dare you steal from us! Die!"

A yellow-robed young man saw the sudden change and immediately stared at a member of the Dragon Palace beside him. The sharp sword in his hand pierced through him.

The member of the Dragon Palace who was caught off guard was instantly killed!