Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2109: No one could stop the people 2109 Dragon Palace wanted to destroy

"Hahaha, how dare they snatch our fruits! Kill them!"

"Kill those bastards from the Dragon Palace! How dare they rob us!"

The yellow-robed young man killed a member of the Dragon Palace. With a ferocious smile on his face, he immediately roared loudly.

"Kill! Kill them! I've been displeased with them for a long time!"

The disciples of the Yu Huashen sect shouted excitedly.

Since the Supreme Elder had attacked the Dragon King, they could do the same.

Moreover, they knew that the supreme elder had taken advantage of the moment when the Dragon King had killed the nine wisps of divine fire. The Dragon King would have nowhere to hide.

The Dragon King, who had taken advantage of the situation, was going to die!

"Be careful! Run to the Dragon Palace immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui quickly shouted at the members of the Dragon Palace.

"Haha, Go To Hell!"

The disciples of the Yu Huashen sect began to attack the members of the Dragon Palace without hesitation.

"Retreat!"

The hundreds of members of the Dragon Palace turned pale and quickly ran in the direction of the Dragon Palace.

This was the territory of the Yu Huashen sect. There were around 700,000 to 800,000 disciples of the Yu Huashen sect.

Just a few hundred members of the Dragon Palace were no match for them!

"Boom!"

At this moment, a terrifying collision sound came from the sky.

Below, all the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect were slightly shocked. They immediately looked towards the sky.

In the sky, Yao Xie and Wang Xian were enveloped by a sea of flames.

Yao Xie's wails could be heard faintly.

"Haha, Dragon King, this is what you get for offending our Yu Huashen sect!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect stared at the area covered in flames and revealed a hideous smile.

"Is he dead? is the Dragon King Dead?"

"He should be dead. Haha, well done. Let them take advantage of the situation and rob us!"

Some disciples of the Yu Huashen sect swept their gaze over and revealed excited expressions. They were even more motivated to fight Yao Xie who was in front of them.

"Your Yu Huatian Divine sect is really despicable!"

"Today, I, Wang Xian, will definitely take your dog lives!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's figure slowly walked out from the center of the flames. His face was filled with cold killing intent.

The sneak attack of the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect had indeed exceeded his expectations. It was also because he was more careless.

He did not expect that the other party would actually dare to sneak attack him while he was resisting Yao Xie.

"If I don't have the dragon punishing bone today, I will be seriously injured even if I don't Die!"

Wang Xian stared coldly at the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect.

The dragon punishing bone could withstand three fatal attacks from those below the eternal lord. Just now, the dragon punishing bone blocked the flaming spear for him.

"What? You are not dead yet!"

When the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect saw Wang Xian walk out safely, he was slightly stunned. His face revealed a look of shock. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He fixed his gaze on Wang Xian and realized that not only was he not dead, he was not injured at all.

This made his heart sink. He had a bad premonition!

His attack just now had used the Kingdom of God. It was his strongest attack!

"I came to help you guys and let you guys escape this calamity. Now, you guys actually dare to sneak attack me. Die!"

Wang Xian's face revealed a violent expression.

Crash

He spread his arms and the incorporeal holy wings appeared behind his back.

The incorporeal holy wings, which were more than 20 meters wide, didn't have any energy aura.

"Five elements millstone, obliterate!"

The Five Elements Millstone in the sky released a grayish energy.

This energy covered an area of 200 to 300 kilometers and directly covered the area below.

At this moment, Wang Xian was attacking indiscriminately.

Be It Yaoxie or the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect, they were completely enveloped by it!

"Damn it, Stop!"

When the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect saw Wang Xian's indiscriminately attacking range, his face revealed a look of shock and anger.

He let out a wild roar and the ball in his hand instantly enlarged and burned towards the river of annihilation.

"Prime Minister Gui, bring the rest of the disciples of the Dragon Palace over. Today, we will destroy the Yu Huashen sect!"

Wang Xian looked at Prime Minister Gui, who was leading a group of members of the Dragon Palace to escape, and immediately ordered loudly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head darkly and immediately flew towards the Dragon Palace.

"Ahhhh!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, there were screams coming from below.

The screams of Yao Xie and the screams of the Yu Huashen sect disciples.

"Hehe, do you really think you can withstand my attack?"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the area below and his face revealed a cold expression.

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect did not manage to withstand the attack just now. All Yao Xie and the Yu Huashen sect disciples within a radius of 50 kilometers were killed.

In an instant, at least 50,000 to 60,000 yu Huatian divine sect disciples were killed.

"Dragon King, you are courting death. How dare you attack our Yu Huatian Divine sect disciples!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect looked over and revealed a furious expression. He roared and his voice reverberated within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers.

"If you dare to ambush me, today will be the end for all of you!"

Wang Xian snorted coldly. He flapped his primaless holy wings and attacked him directly.

"You are courting death!"

A terrifying killing intent shot out from the eyes of the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect. He waved his palm with an embarrassed expression. Streams of flaming palms were smacked toward Wang Xian!

Buzz

The wings on Wang Xian's back trembled slightly and he easily dodged the attacks!

In the sky, the five elements millstone came to the sky above the Yu Huashen Divine Sect's supreme elder. Streams of binding force fell towards his position.

"What a fast speed!"

When the Yu Huashen Divine Sect's supreme elder saw Wang Xian's speed, his heart sank.

When he saw the gray light, he hurriedly dodged to the side.

Buzz

However, in the next moment, Wang Xian appeared beside him and slashed at the dragon blood sword in his hand!

"Damn it!"

His expression changed slightly. He waved his hand and a palm condensed from lava blocked in front of the Dragon Blood Sword!

"Bang!"

The dragon blood sword slashed and the palm formed from lava was immediately broken.

Yu Huashen's expression changed slightly when he was attacked by the supreme elder of the sect. At this moment, he could feel the gray energy enveloping him. The speed of his entire body had almost doubled.

"Oh no!"

"Dragon King, now is the time to resist the demonic beasts. This is the time for us to put aside our grudges for now!"

His expression changed as he shouted at Wang Xian hurriedly.

"As long as your Yu Huashen sect is destroyed today, our grudges will end!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with killing intent. He flapped his incipient saint wings and instantly appeared behind him.

The dragon blood sword in his hand slashed directly at his body.

"Ah!"

The face of the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect changed slightly. He hurriedly dodged to the side.

However, Wang Xian's speed was too fast. Coupled with the interference of the five elements force, he only managed to avoid his vital parts.

His entire right arm and a small part of his body were chopped off!