Chapter 2110: No one could stop the people from 2110 Dragon Palace

"What's going on? What happened between Yu Huashen sect and Dragon Palace?"

"Could it be that the Dragon Palace and Yu Huashen sect got into a fight? Damn it, they are actually fighting among themselves at this moment!"

When the shouts of the Yu Huashen sect's supreme elder and Wang Xian spread across a radius of ten million kilometers, the people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the God Burning Dynasty, and the enchanting divine sect looked in this direction.

They frowned slightly, and their faces revealed an embarrassed expression.

Now, while they were resisting the demonic forces, they were actually fighting among themselves. This made the other three factions'faces extremely embarrassed.

The internal conflict between the Dragon Palace and the Yu Huatian Divine sect would definitely have a great impact on the fight against the demon lair.

At that time, they would face even more demonic forces.

"Are the Yu Huatian Divine sect and the Dragon Palace Courting Death?"

At the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the bright old man growled with a gloomy face.

He stared at Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the deity realm, and a furious expression appeared on his face.

After dealing with this Yao Xie, he would definitely rush to the left and ask what the Yu Huatian sect and the Dragon Palace were up to!

Were they trying to destroy them? !

"Not good, our grand elder is injured!"

At that moment, all the disciples on the Yu Huatian sect's battlefield heard their grand elder's screams and revealed terrified expressions.

When the Dragon King appeared, they were shocked. Now that they saw the Grand Elder was injured, they were even more shocked and furious.

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace, follow me and destroy everyone in the Yu Huatian Divine sect!"

However, at this moment, seven to eight thousand members of the Dragon Palace suddenly flew toward them from the right.

At the forefront of the group was a group of godly state experts.

More than fifty godly state members of the Dragon Palace charged toward them under Prime Minister Gui's leadership.

Each member of the Dragon Palace was exuding a violent aura.

"What? How come they have so many godly state experts? !"

"Not good. The fifty or so people at the front are all godly state experts. Didn't the Dragon Palace only have thirty or so godly state experts?"

When everyone from the Yu Huatian Divine sect saw this scene, they were shocked. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

There were only about 30-odd gods in total, and more than 20 of them were fighting against Yao Xie, who was at the godly state.

Now, more than 50 godly state experts had rushed out from the Dragon Palace. This made all the disciples of the Yu Huatian Divine sect feel their scalps go numb.

Even those godly state experts had grave expressions and were filled with fear.

"Kill!"

At that moment, Prime Minister Gui gave an order. More than 50 godly state experts of the Dragon Palace immediately released terrifying attacks.

Terrifying Arrows, violent lightning, and branches filled the sky...

Attacks covered the sky and covered the earth as they headed toward the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect.

They were all aoe attacks and did not show any mercy.

They covered Yao Xie and the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect in the middle of the battlefield.

"Not good, quickly block them, quickly block them!"

"How is this possible? How can they have so many deity realm experts! ?"

When the Yu Huashen sect disciples saw so many deity realm experts in the Dragon Palace and saw the dense energy covering an area of more than 10,000 kilometers, their faces were filled with fear.

Some of the disciples even looked at the attacks in despair.

How could they defend? They could not defend at all!

"It's over!"

Some of the Yu Huashen sect's godly state experts turned pale as well. They quickly took action!

However, the difference in the number of godly state experts was too great. In addition, some of the godly state experts were fighting against Yao Xie.

They had no ability to defend.

In front of them were countless Yao Xie and the godly state experts from the Dragon Palace!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Ah! Ah! Ah!"

Terrifying attacks landed in the middle of the battlefield. Countless Yao Xie and 300,000 to 400,000 yu Huashen sect disciples were killed by this round of attacks.

An extremely tragic sound rang out!

"How is this possible! ?"

The yellow-robed youth was not in the range of the attacks. He looked at all the disciples and Yao Xie within a radius of 10,000 kilometers being cleared out. His body trembled violently.

The Yu Huashen sect had millions of disciples and more than 30 deity realm experts. About 100,000 of them had died while fighting Yao Xie.

Now, with just one round of attack from the Dragon Palace, at least 400,000 disciples had been killed.

All of them were demigod-level disciples!

"Ah! Dragon Palace, Dragon King, you are courting death!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect, who was in the sky, saw the scene below. His heavily injured body revealed a ferocious expression.

His entire body was enveloped in flames. New Arms were slowly being formed where he had been cut off.

"Hehe, it's all your fault!"

Wang Xian stared at him and smiled coldly. He held the dragon blood sword in his hand and attacked him once again.

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect, who was restrained and disrupted by the powers of the five elements, could not react in time!

"Great Sun Divine Kingdom, hit it!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect also knew the situation he was in. With a vicious expression, he roared loudly.

Buzz

The divine kingdom that was at the side directly collided with the Five Elements Millstone in the sky.

Boom

The terrifying force collided with the five elements millstone, causing it to fly backward.

The binding force of the five elements on his body disappeared. His expression changed and he hurriedly flew into the divine kingdom.

The vibration of the divine kingdom caused blood to flow out from the corner of his mouth.

However, he couldn't care less at this moment. He stared at Wang Xian in a frenzy.

"Crash!"

A demonic glow shot out from Wang Xian's eyes. He flapped the primaless Saint Wings and continued to charge at him.

"Under the cover of the scorching sun, everything will be destroyed!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect stood on the Divine Kingdom and roared.

Rays of light shone toward Wang Xian like laser beams.

The gas in the Void was burning rapidly.

"Yin-yang tai chi, Defend!"

The Dragon Blood Sword in Wang Xian's hand slashed and a tai chi pattern appeared in front of him.

The tai chi rotated and rays of light were shifted.

Wang Xian controlled the five elements grinding mill. The Five Divine Dragons on it roared and opened their huge mouths.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

Streams of immense destructive power formed five columns of destruction that shot out from the mouths of the five divine dragons.

The five attacks landed on the divine kingdom, causing the entire divine kingdom to tremble violently!

"Slash!"

Wang Xian raised the dragon blood sword in his hand. A seven-colored ray of light slashed directly at the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect on the divine kingdom.

"PFFT!"

When the Yu Huashen Divine Sect's supreme elder saw the attacks, he quickly hid in the divine kingdom.

However, the divine kingdom and the gods were one entity. When the attacks landed on the divine kingdom, the Yu Huashen Divine Sect's supreme elder revealed a trace of fear in his eyes. He vomited blood.

He knew that he was no match for the Dragon King!

"Kill, leave no one alive!"

At the bottom, seven or eight thousand members of the Dragon Palace charged into the battlefield of the Yu Huatian sect.

There were more than fifty gods, and the rest were all at the peak of the ninth rank demigod realm.

They killed the disciples of the Yu Huatian sect in a frenzy.

The disciples of the Yu Huatian sect who had been attacked all along were dying at a terrifying speed!