Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2111: No one could stop 2111 Dragon Palace from exterminating them

"No, no, no. My Lord, please save us, please save us!"

"Supreme Elder, save us!"

Screams came from the Yu Huashen sect disciples. They looked at the powerful members of the Dragon Palace and their faces were filled with panic and despair!

Facing Yao Xie and the members of the Dragon Palace, they didn't even have the chance to escape.

If they continued, what awaited them would be extermination and death!

One by one, the Yu Huatian sect disciples cried out for help in fear.

"PFFT!"

Above the Great Sun Divine Kingdom, the Yu Huatian sect's supreme elder kept spitting out blood.

He was now relying on his divine kingdom to fend off Wang Xian's attacks. A crack appeared on his divine kingdom.

Every attack would cause his heart to tremble and the injuries on his body to worsen.

He swept his gaze across the area and saw his disciples being killed one by one. His face was filled with fury.

"Dragon King, tell all of you to stop immediately. I'm warning you. If you dare to continue killing today, the Yu Huatian Divine sect will not let you off!"

"Our sect master will not let you off either!"

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect roared at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression.

"After I exterminate all of you, I will go to Your Yu Huatian Divine Sect's Lair and kill your sect master!"

Wang Xian sneered when he heard the threat from the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect.

He waved his arm and the five elements Millstone flew to the sky above the divine kingdom.

Below, the yin and yang poles were rotating slowly.

"Not good!"

Seeing Wang Xian continue to attack, the supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect revealed a look of crisis. His heart tightened and cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

If this continued, he might die!

If this continued, all the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect might be killed!

"Vice president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace wants to destroy us. We are members of the Northern Territory Alliance. Save Us!"

The expression of the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect kept changing as he shouted towards the center.

At this moment, he could only pray for the experts from the northern expedition trading company to come over and stop this Crazy Dragon King!

"No one will be able to protect you today!"

Wang Xian's face turned cold when he saw that Wang Xian was still trying to ask for help.

His arm shook as seven-colored energy spread towards his divine kingdom.

The seven luminaries space slowly surrounded him.

"The Yu Huashen sect is about to be destroyed? Are they not a match for the Dragon Palace?"

"What are they doing? Those two damnable things are still causing trouble for us!"

The voice of the Yu Huatian Divine Sect's supreme elder caused the expressions of the experts from the northern expedition trading company to become somewhat unsightly.

"Qian Yuanfeng, bring some people over to take a look. Tell them whether they want to be destroyed or not."

The Light Elder, who was currently fighting against a peak deity, had a gloomy expression on his face when he heard this cry for help.

Their situation had been stabilized, and there was still a god with nine divine flames to spare.

"It's the Vice President!"

A burly old man nodded. He looked at the few gods beside him and flew to the left with a gloomy expression!

"The Dragon Palace and the Yu transformation divine sect are really looking for trouble!"

A middle-aged man beside Qian Yuanfeng said with a gloomy expression.

"Let's Go!"

Qian Yuanfeng immediately flew to the left with a cold expression. His entire body was filled with murderous intent.

He was filled with anger at the situation at Yu Huashen sect's side!

They moved very, very fast. They covered a distance of several million kilometers very quickly.

"Eh? There doesn't seem to be any problem with the Dragon Palace!"

When they arrived at the battlefield at the Dragon Palace, they saw more than 10,000 members of the Dragon Palace fighting Yao Xie. The five of them raised their brows slightly.

"The members of the Dragon Palace are so powerful. No wonder only 10,000 people dare to come here!"

A God glanced over and said in surprise.

"Continue!"

Qian Yuanfeng paused and continued to fly toward the Yu Huashen sect.

"Boom!"

When they arrived above the Yu Huashen sect, they immediately saw a rainbow-colored space floating in the sky.

The rainbow-colored space covered an area of 500 kilometers, and it was emitting chaotic and heart-palpitating fluctuations. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A powerful impact came from within.

"Hiss, Lord Qian, look. Those are members of the Dragon Palace. Seven to eight thousand people from the Dragon Palace are slaughtering all the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect!"

At that moment, a god's shocked voice came from beside them.

Qian Yuanfeng immediately looked over and was slightly shocked!

"More than fifty gods? How... how is this possible... There were more than twenty gods fighting against Yaoxie at the position of the Dragon Palace just now!"

"Those people are indeed members of the Dragon Palace. Didn't the Dragon Palace only have more than thirty gods? Now, there are actually more than seventy. This is much more than the information we received!"

A shocked voice rang out, and Qian Yuanfeng's expression turned solemn.

"Stop! All of you, Stop the Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

When Qian Yuanfeng saw the members of the dragon palace wantonly slaughtering the disciples of the Yu Transformation Divine sect, he shouted sternly.

"The Lord of the Northern Expedition Trading Company is here!"

"Lord, save us! Save Us!"

When all the disciples of the Yu transformation divine sect saw the arrival of the five gods of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, a look of survival appeared on their faces as they hurriedly shouted!

When the yellow-robed youth who had been hiding behind them saw them, a look of hope appeared on his face as he hurriedly flew over.

"Lords, Save Us, save us! The Dragon Palace wants to destroy us!"

The yellow-robed youth shouted loudly.

"Continue, kill!"

Prime Minister Gui stood in the center. When he saw the yellow-robed youth wanting to fly over, his eyes revealed a cold expression.

The turtle shell on his back emitted a thick earthy yellow energy. An earth spike appeared out of thin air under the yellow-robed young man.

"No, my Lord, save me!"

The yellow-robed young man was shocked when he saw this scene. He didn't expect that the people of the Dragon Palace would dare to attack him in front of the experts of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

"Damn it, they don't even listen to our orders!"

Qian Yuanfeng's expression turned cold when he saw this scene. He waved his arm, and a ray of light directly enveloped the yellow-robed youth.

The earth spike was directly blocked by the light.

Prime Minister GUI's expression changed slightly.

"If you dare to attack again, don't blame us for being impolite. Anyone who disturbs the peace of the Alliance will die!"

Qian Yuanfeng warned once again, full of killing intent.

"Huff, Huff, Huff!"

The yellow-robed young man looked excited when he saw that his life was saved.

"Boom!"

"No, no, no, Dragon King, you can't kill me!"

At this moment, a terrified voice sounded.

The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect suddenly rushed out from the seven luminaries space.

At this moment, his face was covered in blood and he was in a terrible state. His face was full of fear and despair!

"Save me!"

He stared at Qian Yuanfeng and the other five and shouted desperately with his arms outstretched.

Qian Yuanfeng and the rest looked over with astonishment in their eyes!

"PFFT!"

"No one can stop the people that my Dragon Palace wants to destroy!"

A blood-red longsword pierced into the body of the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen Divine sect.

Wang Xian flapped his incorporeal sacred wings and swept his gaze across the five people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

"Continue to kill. Whoever dares to stop us will be the enemy of our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian shouted coldly and angrily!