Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2112: 2112 was completely annihilated

"Continue to kill. Anyone who dares to stop us will be an enemy of the Dragon Palace!"

A cold voice resounded through the void. The surrounding evildoers roared and the Yu Huashen sect disciples screamed.

When they heard the Dragon King's words, their expressions changed instantly.

This Dragon King actually dared to ignore the people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

However, when they saw the Dragon King's body pierced through by the sharp sword in his hand, all of them trembled again.

Their Grand Elder was actually killed!

This made all the disciples of the Yu Huashen Divine sect feel a wave of fear in their hearts.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Wang Xian's order caused the members of the Dragon Palace to attack once again. Miserable screams rang out once again.

Everyone's expression changed drastically!

"Dragon King!"

Qian Yuanfeng saw that Wang Xian did not take him seriously at all and did not place the northern expedition trading company in his eyes. His face revealed a gloomy expression.

He stared at Wang Xian and shouted coldly.

"Dragon King, are you guys going to make an enemy out of our Northern Expedition Trading Company?"

"During the period of resisting the Demonic Beasts, you killed the Alliance forces. Your Dragon Palace can not bear this crime!"

He stared at Wang Xian with a murderous look and shouted again!

"My friend from the Northern Expedition Trading Company, I, Dragon King, have just come to support the Yu Huashen sect. I did not expect that the grand elder would dare to sneak attack me!"

"With such actions, do you really think that our Dragon Palace is easy to bully? If anyone dares to stop me today, don't blame me for not giving you face!"

Wang Xian stared at Qian Yuanfeng and said coldly without showing any signs of weakness.

"Launch a sneak attack on you?"

Qian Yuanfeng frowned slightly.

"Nonsense, you are the one who wants to take advantage of the situation. You are the one who wants all the demonic corpses of the Yu Huashen sect!"

The yellow-robed young man saw the hesitation on the faces of the five people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company and immediately shouted sternly.

"Hehe, you are just an ant. Do you still want to live?"

Wang Xian stared at the yellow-robed young man who had a stern look on his face. With a wave of his arm, a Dragon Claw went straight for him.

Qian Yuanfeng's pupils constricted slightly when he saw Wang Xian attacking the young man who was protecting him.

However, he pursed his lips when he sensed Wang Xian staring at him coldly and when he saw the surrounding gods locking onto him.

The situation in front of him was very obvious. The Yu Huatian Divine Sect had invited the Dragon King to make a move and the Dragon King had demanded for all the demonic corpses.

However, the Yu Huatian Divine sect had no choice but to agree under such circumstances. However, they were very unwilling to accept it. The supreme elder of the Yu Huatian Divine sect had launched a sneak attack and wanted to kill the Dragon King.

In the end, he ended up in such a situation.

He stood there with a gloomy face and did not make a move!

He was not confident in fighting against the Dragon King's strength. The number of divine realm experts in the Dragon Palace had shocked him!

Unless their vice president and the others came personally, he was a little afraid and did not dare to make a move rashly!

"Sir, save me, save me!"

The yellow-robed young man looked terrified when he saw Wang Xian's dragon claw attacking him. He turned to Qian Yuanfeng and pleaded for help.

However, he did not receive any response!

Buzz

The Dragon Claw reached out and all the sounds stopped abruptly.

"Do it!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze around and shouted softly.

"Kill!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace roared with murderous intent on their faces. They began to slaughter the disciples of the Yu Huashen sect below.

"Don't kill me, don't kill me. We are not from the Yu Huashen sect. Don't Kill Us!"

"This matter has nothing to do with us. It has nothing to do with us!"

Terrified voices rang out one after another as Wang Xian floated in the sky indifferently.

The Dragon Palace and the Yu Huashen sect didn't end up in a situation where one side was bound to die. However, the sneak attack by the supreme elder of the Yu Huashen sect and the attack by the people below were too much!

Wang Xian saw it very clearly. At that time, the people from the other clans surrounding the members of the Dragon Palace were all attacking the members of the Dragon Palace.

During the attack just now, dozens of the disciples of the Dragon Palace had died.

It was already too late to say that it had nothing to do with them.

The mistake had been made. All they had to do was to accept the judgment!

"Let me deal with you guys with the eight wisps of Divine Fire!"

At this moment, Wang Xian also made his move. He locked onto four of the eight wisps of divine fire and rushed over directly.

Qian Yuanfeng frowned slightly as he watched the Dragon Palace massacre the Yu Huashen sect. His expression was a little ugly!

This time, the Dragon Palace did not give face to the northern expedition trading company after all.

"HMPH, Dragon King, Your Dragon Palace has destroyed the Yu Huashen sect. You guys should come and resist this evil faction as well!"

Qian Yuanfeng growled coldly at Wang Xian. He turned around and flew toward the center.

"Mind your own business!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he watched them disappear.

Wang Xian did not have a good impression of the Northern Territory Alliance.

Each of the factions was based on their own interests. Even the Northern Expedition Trading Company was based on their own interests. Their style was also very domineering.

"Right now, I should focus on improving the strength of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. This time, he had obtained at least a hundred immortal-level corpses.

Among them, three of them had already ignited nine wisps of divine fire. They were able to give birth to another member of the Dragon Palace who had the combat strength of two more wisps of divine fire.

I wonder how much the treasures in the Divine Kingdom of God can increase my dragon qi

Wang Xian thought to himself with a smile on his face.

War could increase the Dragon Palace's strength rapidly.

He wanted to increase his strength to the peak of the godly state as soon as possible.

After reaching the peak of the godly state, Wang Xian was not afraid of anyone in the entire northern region except for the five godly masters!

"The matter between the Yu Huatian Divine sect and the Dragon Palace has been resolved, right?"

Just as Qian Yuanfeng returned to the Northern Expedition Trading Company, a voice was heard.

"Vice-president!"

Qian Yuanfeng's expression darkened as he looked towards the source of the voice. When he saw that the vice-president's arm was broken, he was slightly taken aback.

"The vice-president was corroded by the power of darkness. Fortunately, the peak of the godly state Yao Xie was killed by the vice-president!"

A deity whispered to Qian Yuanfeng.

"Vice-president, all the members of the Yu Huatian Divine sect have been destroyed by the Dragon Palace!"

Qian Yuanfeng immediately reported to the old man.

"Eh?"

The old man was slightly stunned. He stopped bandaging his arm and looked at Qian Yuanfeng.

"Vice-president, the Dragon Palace is very powerful. When we went there, we found that there were more than 70 deities!"

"When I arrived, the Dragon King killed the supreme elder of the Yu Hua Divine sect. I wanted to stop him, but the Dragon King was very powerful. There were so many godly state experts, and I didn't offend him!"

Qian Yuanfeng reported to him.

"More than 70 godly state experts? How is this possible? !"

"Hiss, how can there be so many experts in a small Dragon Palace?"

When the surrounding gods heard his words, shock appeared on their faces.

The old man's eyes also flashed with astonishment.

As the strongest force outside of eternal thunderclap in the Northern Region, the northern expedition trading company only had more than fifty godly state experts.

However, the Dragon Palace actually had more than seventy, and this was only revealed.

There were still some hidden possibilities!

"Are you not giving face to our Northern Expedition Trading Company?"

He asked Qian Yuanfeng faintly.

Qian Yuanfeng nodded.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com