Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2113: Son of Heaven Devil Dragon 2113

"More than 70 deity realm experts. This is truly unexpected. Fortunately, they do not have any peak deity realm experts!"

The bright elder muttered as he felt a threat.

"However, they did not destroy the Yu Huashen sect, nor did they destroy the various factions that followed the Yu Huashen sect!"

His eyes sparkled.

The sect master of the Yu Huashen sect did not come. In addition, when they came to the Forest of darkness to resist Yaoxie, the 200 or so deity realm experts from the 30 or so factions were only one-third or one-fourth of the strength of the Northern Territory Alliance!

They could not send all their forces over. It would be considered a lot if they could even send one-third of their forces over.

Most of them sent about one-fifth of their forces.

In other words, the Dragon Palace did not destroy the Yu Huashen sect's forces. They only destroyed a fourth to a fifth of their forces.

"What a foolish fellow. When the Yu Huashen sect's sect master and the other forces receive this news, they will probably immediately come and destroy the Dragon Palace!"

The Radiant Elder said indifferently.

The remaining forces of the Yu Huashen sect's forces were added together, and there were more than a hundred deity realm experts.

If the sect master of the Yu Huashen sect found out about this, he would definitely lead all the deities to attack and destroy the Dragon Palace.

At that time, the Dragon Palace would not have the strength to withstand the wrath of the Yu Huashen sect!

"Vice president, are we going to tell the Yu Huashen sect about this?"

Qian Yuanfeng's heart skipped a beat. He had somewhat neglected the remaining forces of the Yu Huashen sect.

"There is no need for that for now. It will only cause more trouble. Since there are so many divine realm experts from the Dragon Palace, let them fend off Yao Xie on the left. Let nature take its course. We will not participate in this!"

The bright elder smiled faintly. His eyes were filled with wisdom.

"Yes!"

Qian Yuanfeng nodded slightly.

The war was still ongoing. However, the danger to the Northern Region Alliance was basically over.

There was no invincible existence among the army of Yao Xie.

The most tragic one might be the Yu Huatian sect. They encountered two Yao Xie with nine wisps of divine fire and were completely destroyed by the Dragon Palace in the end.

The other forces did not suffer great losses.

Of course, compared to the death of a godly state expert and the destruction of the Yu Huatian sect, the losses were huge.

The losses of each faction's disciples were no less than 200,000 to 300,000.

"Phew, we're finally done. Haha, so many of Yaoxie's corpses are a huge opportunity for us!"

Seven to eight hours later, hundreds of millions of Yaoxie were all slaughtered.

At the Northern Expedition Trading Company, an old man stared at the corpses floating in the air with excitement.

"Although Yaoxie is powerful, he isn't as terrifying as we imagined. At the very least, we were able to completely block him!"

A middle-aged man beside him also said with a smile.

Next, it was time to reap the rewards.

"This isn't all of Yaoxie's strength. It might even be one-fifth or one-sixth of his strength. It's one-tenth of his strength!"

At this moment, the old man of light, whose arm was bandaged with white cloth, heard their words and said indifferently.

"Oh? Vice Guild leader of the Northern Expedition, the number of demonic beasts is indeed many and very strong, but most of them have been blocked by eternal thunderclap. Our side should be relatively safe!"

The middle-aged man was slightly taken aback as he smiled at the old man of light.

"I'm talking about the number of demonic beasts on our side. According to the information we received from the Northern Expedition Trading Company, demonic beasts occupy three vital planets, and they are densely packed on the planets!"

"The number of demonic beasts we killed just now might not even be half a planet!"

The old man of light shook his head!

"Hiss, this... This can't be true, right?"

Everyone was slightly shocked, and shock appeared on their faces.

"This is only the beginning. We can not let our guard down!"

"Put away all of Demonic Beasts'corpses. Go and call the other leaders of the Northern Alliance over and have a meeting!"

The old man said.

The surrounding people immediately nodded. A few gods went to call the leaders over.

...

"Roar Roar Roar!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the same time, in the vast starry sky of the northern region, three planets floated in the void space of the universe.

On these three planets, bloodthirsty and evil roars could be heard continuously. The aura of the wilderness filled a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers!

Apart from the ferocious demonic beasts, there were no other creatures in this area.

"Eh? 1.2 billion demonic beasts died in one go. Even a few peak-god-level demonic beasts died. Did they encounter human experts?"

"Damn it, things didn't go as smoothly as they did at the beginning. We still need some resources. We still need some more. If we want to build an eternal divine kingdom, we must have treasures at the level of an eternal God Master!"

"As long as I have enough resources, I'll be able to become an eternal God master. I Won't have to deal with these damn demons, and some of them won't even be under my control!"

On the planet in the center, there was a huge creature sitting on a mountain peak.

Its entire body was pitch-black, and it had pieces of shiny black scales.

Its huge body was like a work of art. From Afar, it didn't look evil at all. Instead, it exuded a kind of dignity and majesty.

"Roar!"

"Looks like I'll have to move out myself. I hope I'll be able to obtain a good harvest from the god Lord level forces. As for the other places, I'll stop for now!"

A dragon's roar sounded from his mouth. Following that, he raised his proud head slightly and flew towards a certain direction in the air.

"Servants, follow me!"

"Roar!"

He swayed his huge body and flew directly into the void. With a wild roar, he gave off an incomparably terrifying pressure.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The entire planet's Yaoxie let out a roar, and billions of Yaoxie flew into the sky at the position behind him.

"Set off, Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

He let out a low roar, and his body swayed as he flew towards the direction of Eternal Shocking Thunder.

No one knew what happened here, nor did anyone see it.

If Wang Xian saw that huge creature, he would definitely recognize it immediately.

The Demonic Dragon's son of heaven!

"Everyone, take a seat!"

In the sky above the Forest of Darkness, a huge divine kingdom was floating in the void.

The people in charge of the Northern Territory Alliance had arrived one by one.

Wang Xian rushed over after receiving the news. He scanned his surroundings. There were 33 people in the previous meeting, but there were only about 20 of them now.

Of course, most of them were killed by him!

"Everyone is here. Let's discuss what to do next!"

The elder of light swept his gaze across the surroundings and said.

"Oh? The faction from the Yu Huatian Divine sect has not arrived yet!"

At the location of the God Burning Divine Dynasty, an elder swept his gaze across everyone around and asked with some doubt.

"They are all dead. They won't be able to come!"

The old man of light said faintly as he looked at Wang Xian!

"Don't look at me. The Yu Huatian Divine sect asked me for help to fight against a demonic evil with nine wisps of divine fire. However, they launched a sneak attack after that. I had no choice but to retaliate!"

Wang Xian said faintly.

"Huh?"

However, when everyone around him heard his words, their expressions changed slightly. A hint of shock appeared on their faces!