Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2114: On 2114’s tip-off

"The Dragon Palace destroyed the forces of the Yu Huashen Sect?"

"This... The Yu Huashen sect is not weak at all!"

Shocked voices rang out from the council. Some of them looked at Wang Xian in astonishment, their eyes gleaming.

"At this moment, Dragon King, you have lost a lot of power by destroying the Yu Huashen sect!"

The old man from the enchanting divine sect frowned slightly and said faintly.

"They are courting death. They asked for my help but ambushed me in the end. Am I supposed to keep them alive?"

Wang Xian said faintly to the old man.

"No matter what, Your Dragon Palace has destroyed the Yu Huashen sect and caused our northern region alliance to suffer a great loss. Next, you will take over the position of the Yu Huashen sect!"

"With more than 70 godly state experts from your Dragon Palace, you can definitely achieve this!"

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition Trading Company said faintly.

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly and didn't say anything.

The rest of the forces stared at Wang Xian in astonishment. There was a hint of shock in their eyes.

More than 70 gods. This was an extremely huge number.

"Yaoxie is temporarily held back. However, according to the information we have received, the number of Yaoxie is far more than the number that attacked us this time."

"It is very likely that they will continue to attack us next. Everyone, be prepared when the time comes!"

The old man from the Northern Expedition trading company shifted his gaze away from Wang Xian and said faintly.

"We will be guarding this place now. We will kill as many as there are. Speaking of which, we have gained quite a lot this time!"

The middle-aged man from the Burning God dynasty said with a smile on his face.

"Everyone should have harvested quite a lot from Yaoxie's corpse. I think your dragon palace must have harvested the most!"

"I don't know if your Yaoxie's corpse is for sale, but we can buy it. If the rest of your factions sell Yaoxie's corpse, we can also buy it at a high price!"

The old man of light swept his gaze around and said to them.

"We also have use for the body of Yao Xie. If you are selling it, our Dragon Palace will also buy it at a high price!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly and said the same thing.

The body of Yao Xie was very precious to the Dragon Palace. He had a lot of spirit stones in his hands.

Using these spirit stones to buy the body of Yao Xie would definitely be a win-win situation.

"Huh?"

When the elder of light heard Wang Xian's words, his pupils narrowed slightly. A hint of displeasure could be seen in his eyes.

Their Northern Expedition Trading Company was a trading company. They could obtain a lot of benefits by purchasing the demonic corpses.

If the Dragon Palace were to purchase the demonic corpses at a high price, it would be a complete snatch of business from them.

"Hehe, we don't need so many demonic corpses. Instead, we can make a move!"

When the god Burning Empire and the enchanting divine gate saw this scene, they revealed a hint of a smile.

"Continue to stand guard here. If there is any situation, we will proceed as before!"

The elder of light stood up slowly and walked outside with an expressionless face.

"In a while, I will get the Prime Minister of the Dragon Palace to come and talk to you about the demonic corpse. If you are willing to sell it, we can talk about it!"

Wang Xian stood up as well and said with a smile on his face.

After that, he walked out.

"Hehe!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian and the rest leaving, the person in charge of the God Burning God dynasty's demonic God sect watched this scene indifferently.

"This Dragon King is really young and impetuous. The remaining strength of the Yu Huashen sect is not weak!"

"Not only is he not weak, but there are more than a hundred gods. I wonder where his courage comes from!"

"The bewitching corpse is not a small benefit to the Northern Expedition Trading Company. I didn't expect the Dragon King to want the bewitching corpse as well. This is not bad for us. We will sell it to whoever offers the highest price!"

The person-in-charge of the god Burning God dynasty and the bewitching God sect revealed a smile.

The person-in-charge of the other factions also revealed a smile. This was a good thing for them.

"Immediately convert all the corpses into strength. Ao Qitian, Ao Xingmu, both of you enter the Dragon Pool and raise your strength to the nine wisps of Divine Fire First!"

When Wang Xian returned to the Dragon Palace, the members of the Dragon Palace immediately instructed.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded their heads.

"Prime Minister Gui, go to the god-burning God dynasty and talk to them about purchasing demonic corpses. The more the better!"

Wang Xian instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"Yes!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

"We have to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace as soon as possible!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. Currently, the Dragon Palace lacked experts at the peak of the godly state. They had to add a member at the peak of the godly state as soon as possible. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Be it him or AO Qitian and AO xingmu, one of them had to be in charge.

Otherwise, the Dragon Palace would always be at a disadvantage when facing the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

If I don't encounter peak-stage immortal-level demonic beasts in the future, I can obtain enough demonic beasts'corpses to form a peak-stage immortal-level member

He calculated in his heart.

This time, more than a hundred immortal-level corpses would be able to greatly increase the strength of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian decided to mainly increase the strength of the immortal-level members to three or four wisps of divine fire.

In this way, the members of the Dragon Palace could also deal with a large number of immortal-level experts with five or six wisps of divine fire.

In the next few days, all the members of the Dragon Palace were improving.

The ordinary demonic corpses allowed the members of the Dragon Palace to produce more than ten members at the peak of the immortal-level.

The peak of the immortal-level, coupled with the ability to fight above one's level, was comparable to a wisp of divine fire.

The rest of the corpses also improved the Dragon Palace greatly.

"Dragon King, we've discussed with the god Burning God dynasty, the demonic God sect, and some other forces. This time, we're going to buy twenty demonic corpses, two of which have nine wisps of godly fire!"

"We've also bought a lot of demonic corpses below the godly state. We've basically spent all of our spiritual stones!"

On the fifth day, Prime Minister GUI came to report.

"Very good. Twenty demonic corpses and two nine wisps of divine fire. This is enough to give birth to a member with nine wisps of divine fire in our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian smiled.

"Dragon King, the Northern Expedition Trading Company has a lot of opinions about us snatching their business away. I'm afraid they will do us a disservice!"

Prime Minister Gui hesitated for a moment before reporting to him.

"It's possible!"

Wang Xian nodded. After all, the price offered by the Dragon Palace was higher than the market price in order to purchase the demonic corpses.

Naturally, this would affect the interests of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

"We can't care too much at this moment. The demonic corpses will attack us at an unknown time. All the demonic corpses that we will obtain next will be used to upgrade a member of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian made up his mind.

Only with a powerhouse at the peak of the godly state could the dragon palace not be afraid of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

However, what happened next was beyond the expectations of all the forces. Ten days had passed, and the Forest of darkness was still as calm as ever.

There were no more Yaoxie's attacks!

There was no movement in front of them either!