Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2115: 2115 sent a message

"Vice president, Our Trading Company has received news that Eternal Shocking Thunder has encountered a terrifying demonic attack. Five days ago, more than ten peak deity realm demonic beasts appeared!"

"It's said that the mastermind behind the Devil Den has appeared. Even the thunder god Lord was alerted and attacked. However, the mastermind was only heavily injured by the thunder god Lord and escaped. There are even rumors that the thunder god Lord was injured!"

"It seems that the treasures inside Eternal Thunder Treasure Planet have been snatched away by the mastermind behind the Devil Den!"

The Forest of darkness was calm and peaceful. In a divine kingdom located in the center, a middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company stood in front of the old man and reported the situation.

"Oh? The mastermind behind the Devil Den has appeared? No wonder we are so calm here. It turns out that it is the treasure planet that attacked Eternal Thunder!"

The old man of light revealed a surprised expression when he heard the news.

Treasure planet was a treasure planet of Eternal Shocking Thunder. In the entire northern region, treasure planet was the most important life planet besides the Thunder God Nation.

"Even the thunder god Lord was injured. Phew, luckily they didn't attack us!"

The old man of light muttered, "This is a good thing for us!"

"Yes, vice-president. Currently, Yaoxie from the demon cave is still fighting against the experts from Eternal Shocking Thunder. Our side should be safe!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The middle-aged man pondered.

"In that case, there's no point in staying here!"

The old man touched the light staff in his hand. "We didn't lose much this time, but we didn't gain much either!"

"Vice-president, if it weren't for the Dragon Palace buying those Yao Xie's corpses at market prices, we could have made a lot of money!"

"The Dragon Palace is blocking our way of making money!"

An old man said with a sullen face.

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is indeed unethical and stupid. He offended so many forces as soon as he arrived!"

The old man of light smiled coldly.

"Since there are no more demons from the demon cave here, go and inform the Yu Huashen sect and their forces. Tell them that all of their people have been destroyed by the Dragon Palace!"

He looked at the middle-aged man in front of him and ordered indifferently.

"Oh? It's the vice-president!"

The middle-aged man raised his eyebrows and immediately nodded.

"Also..."

The old man said with a smile, "Tell them about the strength of the Dragon Palace. Our Northern Expedition trading company can prepare some powerful arrays for them. We want one-third of the spoils of war from the Dragon Palace!"

"One-third! Will they agree?"

The middle-aged man was slightly surprised and asked in surprise.

"Don't worry. Without the help of our arrays, even if they can destroy the Dragon Palace, they will suffer heavy losses!"

"Yu Hua Divine sect knows what to do. Go and talk to them according to my instructions!"

The old man said indifferently.

"Yes, vice-president!"

The middle-aged man bowed and nodded.

"Haha, vice-president, this move of yours is really amazing. No wonder you didn't feel the slightest bit of anger after learning that Yaoxie's corpse had been obtained by the Dragon Palace!"

The middle-aged man next to him said with a face full of flattery.

"Hehe, Yuan long, we are businessmen. We focus on doing business. We hand over the fighting and killing to others!"

The old man of light taught him.

"Thank you for your guidance, vice-president. Yuan long will definitely remember it!"

The middle-aged man immediately stood up and bowed.

The old man laughed heartily and his figure slowly disappeared.

"Rule for a while. We will return in two days and have the Yu Huashen Divine sect and the others prepare for the welcoming ceremony!"

A light voice entered the middle-aged man's ears.

The middle-aged man moved and left immediately.

With the speed of gods, it would not take long for them to reach Tianmu planet from the Forest of darkness.

The middle-aged man came to the void of Tianmu planet and scanned his surroundings.

There were basically many factions that had gods guarding the planet. As one of the five governors, the Yu Huashen sect naturally had people guarding the planet.

The middle-aged man moved and flew towards the planet the Yu Huatian sect occupied.

"The Northern Expedition Trading Company has come to inform everyone of the Yu Huatian sect!"

He looked down at the palace with a faint smile and lightly snorted.

"Oh? Friends of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, please come in quickly!"

An old man's voice rang out as a staircase led the way!

"This time, I have an important matter regarding the front line that I wish to inform everyone in the Yu Huashen sect!"

The middle-aged man entered a luxurious palace.

The old man inside gestured at him, and a maid immediately poured him a cup of tea.

"Oh? We haven't been able to contact our Yu Huashen sect's grand elder in the past few days. Is there a problem with the front line?"

The old man's gaze focused as he asked with a frown.

"There's no problem at the front line, but there's a problem with your Yu Huatian sect!"

The middle-aged man took a sip of tea.

"What?"

The old man suddenly stood up and stared at the middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

"We..."

"All of Your Yu Huatian sect members have been exterminated by the Dragon Palace!"

"What? !"

The old man's face flushed red as shock appeared on his face.

"It's best if you inform the sect master of the Yu Huashen sect about this matter. Also, ask the sect master to confirm it so that he won't think that I'm lying to you!"

The middle-aged man said to him.

"Hu hu!"

The old man's breathing quickened as he had a bad premonition.

In the past few days, they had not contacted the Grand Elder and the others. At first, he did not pay much attention to it. After all, if there was anything, the Northern Expedition Trading Company would have notified them long ago!

But now, he had actually received news of the Grand Elder's destruction.

This was one-fifth of the entire Yu Hua divine sect's deities, especially the Grand Elder, a sect guardian expert.

"I'll immediately contact the sect master!"

The old man's expression changed drastically, and he immediately took out his communication stone plate.

Time slowly passed. After an hour, terrifying figures flew over.

The leader was a thin and weak middle-aged man. He wore a water-blue hat and a water-blue robe. He held a longsword in his hand and was dressed like a carefree swordsman.

However, when he charged over, his face was filled with ice-cold killing intent!

"Greetings, Sect Master Yuhua!"

The middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition trading company respectfully greeted the middle-aged man.

"Tell me everything about the frontlines!"

The thin middle-aged man directly sat on the chair in the center, closed his eyes, and coldly said.

He did not care about the thin middle-aged man's unreasonable words, and the middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company reported everything.

This included the strength of the Dragon Palace, as well as the fact that the Northern Expedition Trading Company was prepared to sponsor and support two nine wisps of divine fire-level arrays!

Waves of terrifying killing intent brewed within the palace, and a faint rain mist enveloped the entire planet.

The middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company looked at the thin middle-aged man in shock, and his heart was filled with even more reverence!

"Your Northern Expedition Trading Company really knows how to do business, but I, Rain Demon Sword God, will do this business!"

The middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company spoke for twenty minutes before sect master Yu Hua finally spoke.

Rain Demon Sword God!

This title was the northern region's title for the sect master of the Yu Hua Divine sect!