Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2116: 2116 ambushed

In the boundless star field, those who could get a title were all powerful experts.

Apart from the five Eternal God lords, the rest of the people who could get a title were mostly peak deity realm experts.

The main reason why the sect master of the Yu Hua Divine sect could get a title and have his own title with the strength of nine wisps of divine fire was because of one of his battle achievements.

He had once killed an injured peak divine realm expert, even if it was an injured peak divine realm expert.

That was the strongest existence below the eternal God Lord. Ever since then, the name of rain demon sword God had resounded throughout the entire northern region.

He had similarly established the throne of the fourth largest faction in the northern region.

"Sect master Yu Hua, all the frontline personnel will return in two days. Tomorrow, we will send you an array formation!"

"Two nine-wisp divine fire array formations. Unless we use more nine-wisp divine fire gods to break them, we can only wait for death!"

The middle-aged man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company stood up and cupped his hands at Rain Demon Sword God.

"En!"

Rain Demon Sword God nodded indifferently and watched the old man leave.

"Sect master, could there be something..."

The old man said with a frown when he saw him leave.

"I've already confirmed the news from the Northern Expedition Trading Company. Go and inform the factions that are following us to send all their forces!"

"They dare to kill our Yu Huatian sect's disciples and experts. I want their blood to condense into a river!"

Rain Demon Sword God sat there, his entire body cold. Water droplets floated around him.

Each water droplet contained an icy aura, like an ice sword.

"It's the sect leader. Two days later, we are here to welcome them!"

The middle-aged man said coldly.

...

"Dragon King, the Northern Expedition Trading Company has sent us a message. We will retreat in two days!"

At the same time, Prime Minister GUI came to report in front of the Dragon Palace's dragon transformation pool.

"Retreat? It seems like they have received some news. We are preparing to retreat in two days!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

The Northern Expedition Trading Company was the strongest force in the northern region besides eternal thunderclap. They had been stationed in the northern region for hundreds of thousands of years. Their information channels were not something that the dragon palace could compare to.

It had been ten days since the demonic cave had attacked. They must have received some news.

Wang Xian looked into the dragon transformation pool and smiled.

At this moment, Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, and Ao Xingmu were entrenched in the dragon transformation pool.

Their bodies contained waves of terrifying dragon might. The entire dragon blood in the dragon transformation pool seeped into the top of their heads.

"I thought I could only add two more members with nine wisps of divine fire. After spending all the spiritual stones to buy the demonic corpse, the Dragon Palace will have one more member with nine wisps of Divine Fire!"

Wang Xian looked at the three of them with a satisfied expression.

This time around, the Dragon Palace had added three more members with nine wisps of divine fire.

Apart from that, the combat strength of one wisp of divine fire had increased by about twenty!

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace had improved significantly, especially the members of the Dragon Palace who had lit the divine fire.

"All the forces have returned!"

Two days later, a voice was heard throughout the Forest of darkness. Wang Xian recalled the Dragon Palace and the ten thousand members of the Dragon Palace followed behind him.

The difference was that Wang Xian was sitting on a dragon throne. Nine Wind Dragons were pulling the dragon throne while the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace followed behind him.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Roars were emitted from the wind dragons and shook the area within a few million kilometers.

"Eh? There are nine more godly state members in the Dragon Palace!"

"The strength of the Dragon Palace is so strong. What are those nine creatures? Why do they look like the legendary godly dragons?"

"It is said that the divine dragons have perished. They should be creatures with the bloodline of the Divine Dragons. There are at least 80 godly state experts in the Dragon Palace!"

In the surrounding area, when the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the god Burning Dynasty, the enchanting divine sect, and the rest of the forces saw the nine wind divine dragons that were pulling Wang Xian along, shock appeared on their faces.

They were all filled with solemnity and fear.

The 80 godly state experts shocked them.

The potential of the Dragon Palace was too strong!

"No wonder they are so tough. No wonder they dare to ignore the Yu Huashen sect and the other factions!"

Some of the experts frowned and muttered. With the strength of the Dragon Palace, there were not many factions in the entire northern region that dared to provoke them.

"These nine creatures seem to be extraordinary. Do they have a trace of the bloodline of the Divine Dragons? Not bad. When the time comes, we will study the corpse of this creature!"

The elder of light swept his gaze over and revealed a faint smile.

"Let's go back!"

With a soft shout, everyone immediately flew towards Tian Mu planet.

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and listened to the exclamations around him indifferently. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The reason why he revealed the Divine Wind Dragons and the rest without any scruples was that the Dragon Palace had hidden a lot of power.

Even if he revealed nine more divine wind dragons, the Dragon Palace wouldn't mind.

Did they really think that this was the full power of the Dragon Palace and that they would pay a heavy price!

The nine divine dragons held onto a throne. Even the bright elder from the Northern Expedition Trading Company looked at them with envy.

To be able to hold onto a throne with nine divine beasts, the only thing that could be done in the entire northern region was eternal thunderclap!

Everyone flew toward Tian Mu planet in a mighty manner. It was different from when they came. There were less than 1.5 million people.

"Eh? Why are there so many experts here all of a sudden? And it seems like there are many experts from the Yu Huatian sect!"

"That seems to be the sect master of the Yu Huatian sect, sword god Rain Demon. There seems to be experts from various factions following the Yu Huatian sect around!"

"There are so many deity realm experts. Why are they here all of a sudden? Did Something Happen?"

Just as the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance were returning, a group of forces led by the Yu Huashen sect floated in the void in front of Tianmu planet.

They were setting up array formations in the void.

On the planet, some people were looking at the scene in shock and bewilderment, their faces filled with curiosity.

Ten minutes later, all the expert disciples led by Rain Devil Sword God landed on the planet of the Yu Huashen sect.

The God realm experts from the surrounding factions who had stayed here immediately spread the news!

"Yu Huatian Divine sect? It seems that they have received the news. This is going to be interesting!"

In the void along the way, the factions who had received the news revealed mocking expressions on their faces.

They swept their gaze in the direction of the Dragon Palace and looked at the Dragon King who was sitting on the dragon throne with slight envy. The corners of their lips curled up slightly.

"There's a good show to watch!"

"Now that there's no threat from the demonic nest, the fiercer they fight, the more advantageous it will be for us!"

Some of the powerhouses who received the news revealed smiles on their faces. None of the factions informed the Dragon Palace.

Even if the Dragon Palace had purchased many demonic corpses from them, they were still happy to see it.

They were happy to see the Dragon Palace and the Yu Huashen sect fighting.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian sensed some strange gazes and raised his eyebrows slightly. A hint of doubt flashed in his eyes.

He looked forward and saw Tianmu planet.

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, the surrounding space began to change!

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly!

"Let's watch the show, Haha!"

The top-notch experts from the Northern Expedition's Trading Company, God Burning Empire, saw this scene and said with a smile!