Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2117: 2117 Dragon Extermination Palace?

"HMM, what happened?"

When the top experts laughed and flew to the side, the disciples of the Northern Alliance were slightly shocked!

"Look at the Dragon Palace, they seem to have entered the array formation!"

A young man looked over and couldn't help but Exclaim!

"Disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, move aside, don't be affected!"

A middle-aged man said indifferently to the disciples behind him.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

Hearing the middle-aged man's words, everyone retreated to the side with faces full of surprise.

"Boom!"

At this moment, they sensed a majestic aura coming from the direction of Tianmu planet, and a towering killing intent rushed toward the void.

All the disciples were shocked and quickly looked over.

"What happened?"

Some uninformed godly state experts'expressions changed slightly as they growled in low voices.

"The Yu Huashen sect is here for revenge!"

A godly state expert said indifferently as he looked at all the members of the Dragon Palace who were trapped inside the array formation.

"That's Yu Huashen sect's sect master, Sword God Rain Demon. He's here personally!"

"All the experts and disciples from all the forces of the Yu Huashen sect are here. Oh My God, Look! All of them are at the deity realm!"

"They're here for revenge. They've set up an array formation in the void in advance to ambush the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, everyone's expressions changed when they saw the Yu Huashen sect's sect master and the group of gods flying over.

"So they set up the array formation in the Void to wait for the Dragon Palace to arrive. They want to destroy the Dragon Palace?"

Some of the disciples on Tianmu planet were unaware of what was happening at the frontline. They were shocked when they saw this scene.

"Surround them all. We will not let the Dragon Palace escape alone today. They dared to kill the experts and disciples of our Yu Huashen sect. I want this void to become their graveyard!"

A cold voice came out of sword god Rain Demon's mouth as he unsheathed his longsword!

His killing intent soared to the sky!

"Kill my celestial dynasty's disciples. Die!"

"I want to kill all of them. I want to slaughter all the planets they are on!"

The experts around sword god Rain Demon said in a violent and cold voice. Their slightly reddened eyes stared at the people from the Dragon Palace who were enveloped by the array formation. They were filled with hatred!

When they learned that the Dragon Palace had destroyed their sect and all the disciples and experts of the Divine dynasty, they almost went berserk.

Those were their elite disciples and experts!

They swore to kill all the people of the Dragon Palace!

Cold killing intent gathered in the void. All the other forces of the Northern Territory Alliance retreated more than 10,000 kilometers as they stared in their direction.

"120. The Yu Huashen sect sent 120 gods. This... This is too terrifying!"

Some People's expressions changed slightly as they looked at the vast figures.

A total of 120 gods. This was an extremely large number!

"Not only that, but there's also that terrifying array formation. Now, everyone from the Dragon Palace is trapped in the array formation. This time, the Dragon Palace is going to be finished!"

"The Yu Huatian Divine sect is fully prepared. They are already stronger than the Dragon Palace. This time, the Dragon Palace is doomed!"

Looking at this unsolvable scene, everyone could already imagine what would happen to the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace was stronger. There were eighty godly state experts, but the Yu Huatian Divine sect was stronger.

A total of 120 were led by the Rain Demon Sword God.

Furthermore, the Dragon Palace was still trapped in the array formation.

They would definitely die.

Seeing the Yu Huatian Divine sect taking revenge, everyone felt a chill in their hearts.

Today's battle would definitely shake the entire northern region.

"Yu Huatian Divine sect!"

Wang Xian, who was inside the array formation, saw the 120 godly state experts of the Yu Huatian Divine sect and the two million disciples around them. His eyes were sparkling.

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang five elements swept to the side. When he saw the expressions of the northern expedition trading company, the God burning dynasty, and the enchanting divine sect who were watching the show, he was slightly enlightened.

They already knew about the ambush this time.

It was even possible that some factions among them had participated in it.

"Die. Blood shall be repaid in blood. Heavenly Ice Rain Formation, heavenly lightning strike the formation!"

At this moment, sword god Rain Demon, who was floating in the void with 120 godly state experts and two million disciples, held the formation compass in his hand. A bloodthirsty look appeared on his face.

The array was activated!

Raindrops killed!

Thunderbolts destroyed the world!

"Splash!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The moment the array was activated, the sound of rain and thunder echoed in unison, covering an area of 5,000 kilometers.

"There are nine divine fire array formations, and there are two of them!"

When the surrounding millions of people saw this scene, they were extremely astonished.

This time, the Yu Huatian Divine sect could be said to be fully prepared.

"HMPH, Yu Huashen sect, since you dare to set up an ambush here, I shall destroy all of you!"

Wang Xian raised his head and scanned his surroundings. He snorted coldly.

"Divine Kingdom, Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian let out a soft roar and the Dragon Palace slowly appeared behind him!

Buzz

The moment the Dragon Palace appeared, the pillar of the Dragon Palace, the ocean-pacifying divine needle, emitted a ray of light. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The dense raindrops, which looked like bombs, floated in the air without moving.

"Is it the power of lightning?"

"How dare you use the Lightning Array Formation to fight against the Dragon Palace? You are overestimating yourself!"

Ao Qi, AO qitian, AO Xingmu, and all the gods of the Dragon Palace walked out of the Dragon Palace.

Ao Qi raised his head and saw the terrifying bolts of lightning about to fall. A blood-red bolt of lightning shot out of his eyes.

"Crack Crack Crack!"

He raised his arm high, and his arm that was like a hammer was raised.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The endless power of lightning within a radius of several thousand kilometers fell towards the arm that was like a hammer and entered his body.

This scene was a world-dazzling lightning!

"Break for me!"

Ao Qi let out a wild roar. The lightning that entered his body suddenly erupted and struck forward.

Boom

A terrifying explosion sounded. The lightning that contained destructive power landed on the formation.

The two formations with nine wisps of divine fire began to tremble violently.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian slowly stood up from the dragon throne. The Five Elements Millstone spun in the sky.

He waved his arm and the five elements millstone spun slowly and crashed directly into the formation.

Boom

There was another boom. The entire void within a radius of several thousand kilometers seemed to tremble.

The space formed by the formation collapsed slowly!

The appearance of the Dragon Palace, Ao Qi's attack, and Wang Xian's attack caused the two nine divine fire formations to collapse instantly.

"What?"

At the front, everyone from the Yu Huatian Divine sect saw the formation being broken and their faces sank instantly.

"They have two gods of nine divine flames!"

The elder beside sword God Rain Demon couldn't help but let out a low roar. His expression was slightly awkward and solemn.

"Oh? The Dragon Palace actually broke two arrays of nine divine flames!"

The surrounding Northern Expedition Trading Company's elder of light frowned slightly when he saw this scene. His face was filled with astonishment.

No one expected that the Dragon Palace would be able to break two nine-wisp array formations so easily!

"Ambush? You want to destroy our Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian stood proudly in front of the dragon throne and stared at the seven or eight forces of the Yu Huashen Divine sect!

What was there to be afraid of?