Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2118: The Battle of 2118’s rise

"The Dragon Palace is so powerful. They actually broke two nine-wisp divine fire arrays. The creature with a thunder hammer and a thunder spear is also a nine-wisp divine fire god!"

In the void in front of Tianmu planet, all the disciples of the Northern Territory Alliance watched the battle.

When they saw the Dragon Palace break two nine-wisp divine fire arrays easily, everyone was shocked.

Especially when there was a god of nine-wisp divine fire hidden in the Dragon Palace, it was beyond everyone's expectations.

"Hehe, your Yu Huashen sect is really something. The Supreme Elder ambushed me, and you guys are also here to Ambush Me!"

"You guys don't have the qualifications to destroy my Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the Dragon Throne and stared at the Rain Demon Sword God in the middle with a cold expression.

"No wonder you dared to kill the disciples and experts of the Yu Huatian Divine sect. It turns out that there are two gods with nine wisps of divine fire!"

The Rain Demon Sword God's cold voice resounded in the void.

He held a water-blue sharp sword in his hand. Droplets of water were flowing on the sword. He stood in the void like a sharp sword that carried the power of the ocean.

"Sect Master Yuhua, there are two nine-wisp divine fire gods on the other side. If they fight, we won't be able to defend against the other nine-wisp Divine Fire God..."

An old man standing beside him said in a low voice with a slightly gloomy expression.

"Hehe, I, Rain Devil Sword God, have once killed a peak deity. Two nine-wisp divine fire gods are still not enough!"

Rain Devil Sword God's face revealed a ghastly expression when he heard his words.

"Leave the two gods with nine wisps of divine fire to me. Kill the rest of them!"

The rain demon sword God swept his gaze across the surrounding crowd.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In the next moment, the longsword in his hand was pointed at Wang Xian's position.

Drops of rain fell slowly from the void. The Raindrops covered Wang Xian and Ao Qi tightly.

Each raindrop was like a condensed missile, containing a terrifying offensive power!

"One person against two of us. You might not have the ability to do so!"

Crash

Wang Xian's body trembled as the incipient saint wings appeared on his back. The incipient saint wings, which were shrouded in brilliance, were filled with mystery and holiness.

Coupled with a pair of dragon horns, Wang Xian looked like a deity from beyond the heavens!

A powerful aura shook as a terrifying aura charged towards the rain demon sword God.

It was a tit-for-tat fight!

Everyone could feel the frozen atmosphere in the air.

"The strength of the Dragon Palace is truly unexpected. However, Rain Demon Sword God's strength is very terrifying. He can completely resist two nine wisps of Divine Fire God!"

"Without the array formation, there will be a fierce battle. Even if the Yu Huatian Divine sect wins, they will lose many gods!"

The bright elder from the northern expedition trading company smiled when he saw this scene.

"Once the Rain Demon Sword God is able to tie down the Dragon King and the other nine wisps of Divine Fire God, then the Dragon Palace should be destroyed in the end. After all, there is a huge difference in the number of godly state experts unless their quality completely surpasses them!"

The middle-aged man nodded in agreement.

"Their losses have nothing to do with us. There is a possibility that we will gain even more!"

The old man of light muttered as he floated leisurely in the air.

The eyes of all the surrounding factions flickered as they stared at him. There were even some factions who were hesitating. If both sides suffered heavy losses, would they want the mantis to chase after the cicada and the oriole to catch the Oriole!

"Kill! Destroy the Dragon Palace today! Leave No one alive!"

At this moment, a voice filled with killing intent rang out.

"Dragon King, and you, come and face your death! There are swords hidden in the water!"

The Rain Demon Sword God locked onto Wang Xian and Ao Qi. With a move, two ten-meter-long raindrops with sharp swords hidden within them attacked them.

"Hehe, you think you can challenge the two of us? I alone am enough. Disciples of the Dragon Palace, destroy them!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

A cold smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. He moved his body and the five elements millstone appeared in front of him.

Buzz

On the Five Elements Millstone, the two divine dragons roared and spewed out destructive energy that collided with the hidden sword in the water.

Boom

In the void, the sound of an explosion was heard.

This explosion was like a signal for battle!

"Kill, kill them. We have more than a hundred godly state experts. We can completely destroy them!"

An elder of the Yu Huashen sect roared. His blood-red eyes stared at the members of the Dragon Palace.

They had 120 deities and two million disciples. Exterminating the Dragon Palace wouldn't be difficult.

"Kill! Kill! Kill!"

"Avenge our senior and Junior Brothers!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the Yu Huashen sect began to move. The entire void changed.

"The gap is quite big. The Yu Huashen sect has seven or eight factions, and there are already seven or eight gods with just eight wisps of divine fire. On the other hand, the Dragon Palace only has a few!"

"A fierce battle is about to begin!"

Everyone held their breaths and stared in shock when they saw the war break out.

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace, welcome the battle and kill the enemy!"

Prime Minister Gui stood in front of the Dragon Palace and ordered immediately.

Over 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace were floating in front of the Dragon Palace. Ao Qitian turned the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand and his eyes were full of fighting spirit.

"Rain Sword Sky Demon, one sword strike to kill!"

At this moment, Rain Demon Sword God's attack came.

His attack covered the entire Dragon Palace.

There were countless water swords in the water droplets that were thousands of meters in size. There were more than 100,000 water droplets.

One move covered an area of 5,000 kilometers.

"What a terrifying move. To think that it covered such a wide area. One move can kill all living beings!"

When everyone around saw this move, they were shocked.

Even those experts at the peak of the godly state had their eyes flashing.

"Yin and yang extremes, block!"

Wang Xian had a solemn expression on his face. As expected of the Rain Demon Sword God, he was indeed not someone that ordinary nine wisps of divine fire could compare to.

He moved his palm and a yin and yang extremes diagram appeared in his hand.

The Tai Chi revolved and his palm rippled. A Tai Chi diagram immediately split into over 100,000 and went straight for the hidden sword in the water droplets.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The terrifying explosions and attacks made the experts from the Yu Huashen Divine sect and the Dragon Palace afraid to make a move.

The Yin and yang poles completely blocked this move of his, one sword strike to kill all living beings!

"Eh?"

The Rain Demon Sword God was slightly stunned when he saw that Wang Xian had blocked this attack.

"Interesting, but it's still not enough!"

The Rain Demon Sword God moved his body and flew up to a height of 100 kilometers like a stream of water. He waved the long sword in his hand and attacked Wang Xian and Ao Qi again.

"Slaughter, begin!"

Wang Xian had a grim expression on his face. The five elements grinding mill flew toward the sky to block his two swords.

He could handle the god of sword rain demon alone!

"Kill!"

When the members of the Dragon Palace saw Wang Xian flying to a higher height in the air, more than 20,000 disciples charged toward the Yu Huashen sect!