Chapter 2119: 2119 was violent, had branches, and was undefeatable

"How dare more than 20,000 people charge at us! Kill!"

"Kill!"

When all the Yu Huashen sect disciples saw the 20,000-plus members of the Dragon Palace charge at them, their faces turned ice-cold.

More than two million people against more than 20,000 people. Even though the quality of the Dragon Palace disciples was much higher, they were not afraid.

The difference in numbers was too great!

The disciples were full of confidence in destroying the Dragon Palace!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the godly state experts at the front of the Yu Hua Divine sect started to move, especially the eight gods with eight wisps of divine fire.

They raised the weapons in their hands, and terrifying energy completely enveloped all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"Burning Sky!"

"One slash to break the stars!"

"Ice Flame!"

Streams of terrifying energy attacked the Dragon Palace.

"The number isn't equal!"

"The god of the nine divine flames hasn't made his move yet. If sword god Ruoyu can't force him to make his move, Yu Huashen sect will suffer a great loss!"

All the surrounding forces discussed this scene.

"Let me do it!"

Ao Qi moved when he saw the terrifying attacks of the eight wisps of divine fire!

He raised the Thunder Hammer in his hand and smashed it heavily into the void!

"Buzz!"

However, what shocked Ao Qi was that raindrops suddenly appeared around him.

These raindrops quickly formed a water barrier around him, sealing Ao qi inside.

The blood-red energy landed on the water barrier, but it was completely blocked!

"Hahaha, a drop of water can turn into a sea of stars. Do you think I, Rain Devil Sword God, called my name for Nothing? !"

Wild laughter came from above.

Ao Qi was slightly shocked. He looked up and met the rain devil sword God's teasing gaze.

When he met the rain devil sword God's gaze, he was slightly shocked!

"As expected of the leader of a faction!"

Ao Qi said coldly!

"He was actually able to trap ao qi. Indeed, it is difficult to live up to his reputation!"

Wang Xian looked at the rain demon sword God in front of him and was slightly surprised.

"As expected of the Rain Demon Sword God. When the Raindrops fell just now, he was already prepared. The nine wisps of Divine Fire God from the Dragon Palace would be trapped for at least a while!"

"That raindrop should be one of rain devil sword God's divine artifacts, the rain transformation world. Now, the Dragon Palace will be in trouble. Without the nine wisps of Divine Fire God, it will be very difficult to defend against the attack of the Yu Huashen sect!"

"Is this the strength of Rain Devil Sword God? He can easily tie down two nine wisps of Divine Fire God!"

Shocked voices rang out one after another. Everyone stared at Rain Devil Sword God in awe. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Hahaha!"

A group of gods with eight wisps of divine fire from the Yu Huatian sect laughed maniacally when they saw this scene.

They stared at the attacks they released with malevolence.

This attack of theirs could wipe out at least half of the people from the Dragon Palace.

Some people looked over and saw the terrifying attack. They felt a moment of silence for the Dragon Palace!

This time, the Dragon Palace was completely defeated.

After all, it was an old force with a terrifying foundation!

"Thousands of spells, I'll sweep with my staff!"

Just when everyone thought that the dragon palace was about to suffer heavy losses, a violent voice resounded through the sky and Earth.

In front of the eight spells released by the Divine Flames, a staff that seemed to be dyed red with blood appeared.

The staff was 100,000 meters long. Under the augmentation of energy, it was tens of millions of kilometers long.

"Hum!"

Everyone felt a terrifying gust of wind sweep across a radius of ten million kilometers.

The eight Divine Flames released by the staff were all reduced to ashes.

The terrifying Shockwave attacked the two million or so disciples of the Yu Huashen sect.

"What! They still have the god of nine divine flames!"

"Oh no!"

At this moment, when the eight divine flames saw the terrifying staff, their expressions changed drastically.

"Weeping willow in the void! Strike the gods! Destroy the souls!"

"Hualala!"

Suddenly, another sound rang out. Above the two million-plus Yu Huatian sect disciples, sharp branches appeared out of thin air.

Each branch exuded a power that made one's heart palpitate.

The branches swayed as they attacked the two million-plus Yu Huatian sect disciples below.

"Careful, careful, attack the branches above!"

The terrifying thorny branches in the sky made everyone from the Yu Huashen sect panic.

Some experts immediately roared!

The branches that blotted out the sky fell down like poisonous snakes, causing everyone to panic.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The two million disciples raised their heads in shock. They did not dare to hesitate as they unleashed their strongest attacks.

In an instant, countless attacks landed on the weeping willow in the sky!

This scene was extremely shocking!

"The fourth god of the nine wisps of Divine Fire!"

Some forces looked at the weeping willow that covered the sky with shocked expressions.

The god-level experts immediately sensed that this was the attack of the nine wisps of divine fire. Otherwise, it would not be able to cover such a wide area!

In addition to the Dragon King, the trapped, and the staff-wielding experts, the fourth god of nine wisps of divine fire used brambles!

The Four Gods of nine wisps of divine fire had exceeded everyone's expectations!

Even the demonic God sect of the Northern Expedition Trading Company's God Burning God dynasty had a grave expression on their faces.

"Kill!"

In front of the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui's orders rang out.

All the experts and disciples of the Dragon Palace rushed forward when the Yu Huashen Divine sect was attacked by the Ao Xingmu Brambles.

At the very front, more than 90 figures were exuding a majestic aura.

The leader, AO Qitian, was 5,000 meters tall. He held a cudgel that was wrapped in blood-red chains and was exuding a monstrous demonic aura.

"More than 90 gods, close to a hundred gods. The Dragon Palace used to hide their strength, but they actually have close to a hundred gods!"

"Hiss, heavens, how can there be so many gods? Why haven't I heard of the Dragon Palace before!"

When the millions of people around felt such terrifying power, everyone's expressions changed drastically.

Close to 80 deity realm experts had already shocked everyone, but now, the Dragon Palace's true strength had reached close to 100!

As the Northern Alliance's strongest force, the northern expedition trading company, only had around 40 deity realm experts.

The difference was too great!

"With the Dragon Palace's strength, the Yu Huatian Divine sect might..."

When the bright elder of the Northern Expedition trading company saw this scene, his expression turned slightly ugly.

The Dragon Palace's strength had completely exceeded his expectations.

Especially the violent demon monkeys and the branches that filled the sky. To the Yu Huatian Divine sect, there was no solution at all!

"We'll have to rely on that rain demon sword God. If he can't kill four people of the same level by himself, the Yu Huatian Divine sect will definitely perish. Damn it, where did this Dragon Palace come from? !"

The old man muttered with a gloomy face.

Such a powerful dragon palace had completely exceeded his expectations.

Not only him, but the millions of people around him were also smacked in the face.

The violent demon monkeys and the branches that filled the sky were simply unsolvable!