Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2120: 2120 was furious, and the branches were unbreakable

"Not good! Block the front! Block the experts of the Dragon Palace!"

When Yu Huashen sect saw the experts of the Dragon Palace attacking, their expressions changed drastically.

Their eyes were filled with fear, and their expressions were extremely ugly.

A God with nine wisps of Divine Fire released a sky full of branches, and if they were not careful, they would be killed by the branches.

Facing the god with nine wisps of divine fire, everyone had to be alert.

However, at this time, more than 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace and nearly 100 godly state experts attacked under the leadership of the second God with nine Wisps of divine fire.

How could they resist?

Just two gods with nine wisps of divine fire could kill them all!

At this moment, the hearts of more than two million people of the Yu Huatian Divine sect were beating violently!

"Boom!"

However, before they could react, AO Qitian's rod had already swept over.

"Oh no!"

The faces of the gods from the Yu Huatian sect who were at the forefront changed drastically.

"Use your divine kingdom to block the brambles above!"

A God with eight wisps of divine fire hurriedly shouted.

In an instant, the bodies of the 120 god realm experts trembled, and their divine kingdoms directly appeared in the sky above the Yu Huatian sect.

One divine kingdom after another appeared in the sky above the Yu Huatian Divine sect, and an incomparably powerful divine light enveloped an area of ten million kilometers.

The hundreds of divine kingdoms looked abnormally spectacular and shocking.

More than 100 divine kingdoms blocked ao Xingmu's thorny attack.

"Boom!"

But at this moment, the terrifying blood-red chain-covered cudgel swept over from the front

It carried an incomparably terrifying wave of air as it swept towards the Yu Hua Divine sect

Boom

The gods'expressions changed slightly. They used all of their strength to block the terrifying staff.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, over 20 gods were sent flying. They spat out a large amount of blood, and over a dozen died on the spot.

Over 100,000 demigod disciples died under the impact of the wave of air!

This was caused by the fact that the 120 gods had blocked most of the attacks.

"Hiss!"

Everyone from the Yu Huashen sect was shocked when they saw this. The group of god-level experts held their weapons tightly as their bodies trembled!

"You are the ones who will die if you want to destroy our Dragon Palace!"

Less than a second later, the group of experts from the Dragon Palace followed closely behind.

"Defend!"

All the God realm experts from the Yu Huashen Divine sect shouted again.

"Four Gods with nine divine flames. Damn it, didn't the Northern Expedition Trading Company say they only had one?"

In the sky, Rain Demon Sword God's expression instantly turned ugly when he saw the miserable screams of the disciples below.

His gaze swept toward the Northern Expedition trading company, his eyes filled with cold killing intent.

"Hold on for three minutes. In three minutes, I will kill them and then get rid of the other three!"

The rain demon sword God shouted with confidence. He stared at Wang Xian and stabbed the rain sword in his hand toward Wang Xian.

"Rain demon sword, one strike to kill the God!"

A low roar came out from his mouth. An incomparably bright and sharp sword attacked Wang Xian!

A sword was surrounded by raindrops. It was only ten meters in size, but the energy it contained was terrifying.

"The rain demon sword God is so confident. He actually has the confidence to kill the Dragon King in three minutes!"

When everyone around heard the Rain Demon Sword God's voice, their expressions changed slightly. They were shocked by his confidence.

"Killing a person of the same level in three minutes. I wonder how he did it!"

Some people thought to themselves.

"Not good. The Rain Demon Sword God thought that our northern expedition trading company was deliberately setting them up. This is a little..."

The bright elder of the northern expedition trading company sensed the expression of the rain demon sword God. He raised his eyebrows slightly and muttered to himself as he calculated in his heart.

"Kill me in three minutes!"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the Rain Demon Sword God, a cold smile appeared on his face.

"Then I would like to experience your strength!"

As Wang Xian spoke, his gaze was fixed on the ten-meter-long god-slaying sword. He flapped his wings slightly.

Buzz

When the god-slaying sword was about 10,000 meters away from Wang Xian, he moved slightly and dodged to the side.

Whoosh

However, under the control of the Rain Demon Sword God, the sharp sword continued to pursue Wang Xian.

"The speed is a little slow!"

Wang Xian had a mocking expression on his face. When the sword was about to reach him again, he flapped his uninitiated holy wings and easily dodged it, creating a distance of 50 kilometers!

"Huh? What a fast speed!"

When the god of sword rain demon saw that Wang Xian easily dodged the sword's pursuit, his expression changed slightly.

With a cold expression, he waved his arm again, and the same five swords appeared one after another.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

A total of six god-slaying swords attacked Wang Xian, wanting to surround him!

"Let me show you my strength!"

Wang Xian retracted his uninitiated holy wings and attacked the god of Sword Rain Demon directly. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

With a move of his arm, the Dragon Blood Sword appeared in his hand.

"You're courting death!"

With a wave of his arm, six god-slaying swords attacked Wang Xian.

However, the speed of the sharp swords was nothing to Wang Xian. He shifted his body slightly and easily dodged the attacks of the sharp swords.

At the same time, he waved the dragon blood sword in his hand. Streams of sword rays that were destroyed attacked him.

"This speed..."

The expression of the god of sword rain demon gradually turned ugly. He raised the longsword in his hand and blocked the attacks.

When he blocked the attack, the other six swords lost control.

"Torrent!"

The god of sword rain demon easily blocked Wang Xian's attack three times in a row. His body was like a torrent. He drew a water-blue mark and met Wang Xian head-on!

Wang Xian was not afraid at all. The Dragon Blood Sword in his hand was covered by the seven-colored energy. The seven-colored sword ray shone for thousands of miles and slashed down heavily.

"Bang!"

The sound of sharp swords clashing could be heard. The two of them were evenly matched in their attacks!

"How is this possible? The raindrop sword in my hand was not damaged after clashing with it!"

The god of rain demon sword's arm trembled and his expression became increasingly ugly.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, numerous chains were moving along the dragon blood sword towards him.

"Break it for me! Water can pierce through stone!"

The raindrop sword in his hand vibrated and the raindrops hit the chains.

Buzz

The light of yin and yang flashed across the chains and continued to move towards his longsword.

"Dragon Claw!"

At this moment, Wang Xian raised his left hand and used the shape of a dragon claw to cover the Rain Demon Sword God!

It was a dragon claw that was at least 1,000 meters in size. The surface of the claw was thick and heavy. The terrifying energy seemed to be indestructible.

It directly clawed at Rain Devil Sword God.

"What terrifying claws!"

Sensing the surging energy coming from the Dragon Claw, Rain Devil Sword God's expression completely changed.

The opponent's strength was very terrifying. His terrifying speed and terrifying attack methods.

If he wanted to kill him, it would be difficult!

Thinking of this, his heart sank.

"Surging torrent, the one who goes against it becomes a God!"

Rain Demon Sword God roared, a torrent from the bottom up against the current, forming a strong defense!