Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2121: 2121, who will kill who?

"Boom!"

A violent collision sound rang out in the void. The faces of the millions of people who had been watching the battle changed slightly when they saw this situation.

"This... that Dragon King's strength and speed are so terrifying. Rain Devil Sword God is completely helpless against him!"

"He's passively defending. It's absolutely impossible for rain devil sword God to kill the Dragon King in three minutes. His speed is too fast, and his attacks are also very terrifying!"

"This dragon king is not simple. Rain Demon Sword God's words just now were a slap in the face!"

Looking at the two people in the air who were almost evenly matched, everyone's expression changed again.

Rain Demon Sword God's strength and title were created by himself.

There was no doubt about his strength. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Even when rain demon sword God said that he would kill the Dragon King in three minutes, everyone believed him and waited for his great killing move and wonderful performance.

However, the result was completely out of their expectations.

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was not afraid at all and was not weak at all.

"You want to kill me in three minutes? It's not certain who will kill who!"

Wang Xian's Dragon Claw landed heavily on top of reverse flow. Feeling the strong defense, he held the Dragon Claw tightly.

Under the Dragon Claw, reverse flow slowly retracted.

Splash

His body trembled slightly and he retreated backward like flowing water, avoiding Wang Xian's attack.

A hint of seriousness appeared on his face!

"What a fast speed. His speed is not slower than mine. In fact, he is even faster!"

The eyes of the bright elder from the northern expedition trading company narrowed slightly when he saw this scene. His expression changed slightly as he frowned slowly.

Crack! Crack

"Break for me!"

Ao Qi's roar was heard from the side, accompanied by the sound of breaking.

The blood-red energy in his entire body churned around as the three Gouyu in his pupils rotated slowly.

Ao Qi's strange blood-red pupils locked onto the rain demon sword God in the void.

"Dragon King, this humble subject is here to help you!"

Ao Qi let out a low roar as an explosive thunder sounded beside him. In an instant, his figure disappeared and reappeared beside Wang Xian.

His arms, which were like thunder hammers and thunder spears, smashed heavily into the void.

Gouyu flew out from his eyes and landed on his two arms.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, streams of terrifying gouyu blood-red energy attacked the rain demon sword God.

"Five elements grinding!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw Ao Qi charging over.

Naturally, he had no objections to joining forces to fight against the Rain Demon Sword God.

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The Rain Demon Sword God's expression changed slightly when he saw Ao Qi's strange attack.

He waved the rain sword in his hand and slashed forward.

Every time he slashed, his body could not help but take a step back. After he blocked Ao Qi's attack, he retreated dozens of kilometers.

Rain Demon Sword God's breathing was a little hurried, and his face was extremely gloomy.

"Roar!"

At this moment, the five divine dragons above the enormous five elements grinding mill roared, and streams of gray energy covered rain demon sword god.

His face changed again!

"Rain Demon Sword, slash the sky with one sword!"

Rain Demon Sword God roared, and his face was extremely ugly.

A sharp sword that was hundreds of thousands of meters long appeared, slashing towards the five elements grinding mill.

"Boom!"

A terrifying collision sound rang out. The sharp sword slashed onto the five elements grinding mill, causing it to fly back hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

"Ahhhhh, sect master, Save Us!"

At this moment, miserable cries rang out. His breathing was somewhat hurried as his gaze swept downwards!

There was a massacre going on down there. It was a one-sided massacre.

In the beginning, the 120 godly state experts and two million disciples could easily crush the Dragon Palace.

However, the situation was completely reversed.

The two nine wisps of divine fire completely changed the situation of the battle.

The sky was filled with branches that hung in the air and kept on reaping lives down there.

The violent and terrifying sticks swept across a radius of a million miles.

The gods of the Yu Huashen sect were dying at a terrifying speed.

Three minutes had passed. Out of the 120 gods, 60 had died!

Out of the two million disciples, less than a million had died.

It was a one-sided war!

In ten minutes at most, the Yu Huashen sect would be completely annihilated in this void!

"Damn it, damn it!"

The Rain Demon Sword God saw the scene below and his face was burning with rage. He stared at Wang Xian and Ao Qi in a frenzy.

"Northern Expedition Trading Company, didn't you say that their Dragon Palace only has one god of nine wisps of Divine Fire?"

"Didn't you say there are only eighty god-level powerhouses?"

All of a sudden, the rain demon sword God turned his head abruptly and stared at the Northern Expedition Trading Company. His blood-red eyes were cold as he roared.

"What?"

The sudden change caused the surrounding millions of people to be slightly startled.

Some factions'eyes flickered as they looked at the Northern Expedition Trading Company's position. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

"Bastard!"

When the old man heard Rain Demon Sword God's sudden question, anger appeared on his face.

His expression changed slightly.

His words were to drag the northern expedition trading company into the water!

However, after witnessing the Dragon Palace's strength, the northern expedition trading company could not enter the water so easily.

That Dragon King's speed was completely beyond his expectations. Even if he were to make a move himself, it would be very difficult for him to stop him.

In addition to the nearly 100 godly state experts, even if the northern expedition trading company were to suffer a great loss, it would still suffer a great loss!

This was not in line with the purpose of their trading company!

"Our Northern Expedition Trading Company did not ask you to attack the Dragon Palace. Don't speak without evidence and slander us. Don't blame our Northern Expedition Trading Company for not showing any mercy!"

Sensing the gazes around him, the elder of light snorted coldly and threatened coldly.

The Rain Demon Sword God stared at the elder of light with his slightly red eyes. He clenched his fists tightly and felt extremely aggrieved!

"Die! All of You Die!"

He roared furiously and attacked Wang Xian and Ao Qi!

"Dragon King, I'll trap him!"

Ao Qi shouted loudly and blood-red chains appeared behind him.

The dense chains slowly covered a radius of 100 kilometers!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. With a wave of his arm, the five elements millstone appeared above his head. The poles of yin and yang were suspended below him!

"Search for enemies in the void and trap them!"

Ao Qi let out a loud roar. The dense blood-red chains wrapped around the rain demon sword God.

"Five Elements Millstone, trap!"

"Roar! Roar!"

Wang Xian shouted at the same time. The millstone began to operate. The three divine dragons of Earth, water, and wood attributes shone brightly.

Spells filled with restraints were cast towards the Rain Demon Sword God.

Wang Xian was confident that no one in the entire universe could withstand an opponent of the same level as the berserk dragon!

"Today, I will let you guys see who will kill who!"

Wang Xian revealed a sinister expression.

With the five elements grinding on his head, he stepped on the yin and yang poles and dashed towards the rain demon sword God!