Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2122: 2122 annihilated the unexpected intruders

Who would kill who?

Millions of people looked at the battlefield in the void, their eyes shining.

In this situation, the Dragon Palace had the upper hand.

At first, the Rain Demon Sword God arrogantly said that he could kill the Dragon King in three minutes, but it had become a joke.

Facing the Dragon Palace alone, the Rain Demon Sword God couldn't gain any advantage, not to mention that there was an expert from the Dragon Palace.

In a two-on-one situation, would the rain demon sword God be able to block it?

Hualala

In the air, countless blood-red chains covered the rain demon sword God.

The chains were densely packed, and each of them was half a meter thick. If one was completely entangled by so many chains, it would be difficult for one to escape!

Wang Xian controlled the five elements grinding mill to lock onto the Rain Demon Sword God.

The primaless Saint Wings on his back fluttered as he exerted his speed to the maximum.

Wang Xian who was moving at an extreme speed was completely incomparable to the rain demon sword God.

In other words, if Wang Xian wanted to fight him, he wouldn't be able to escape!

If Wang Xian wanted to escape, he wouldn't be able to catch up to him.

In the battle, Wang Xian was already in an invincible position.

"Who will kill who?"

The Rain Demon Sword God growled with an embarrassed expression when he saw Wang Xian and the chains that covered the sky that were attacking him.

His cold eyes locked onto Wang Xian completely. The raindrop sword in his hand almost condensed into a stream of water.

At this moment, he could no longer escape. All he could do was to fight for his life!

"Kill!"

He growled in a low voice. Instantly, a torrential rain started to fall within a radius of a few hundred kilometers.

A gigantic sword appeared in the sky. There were mountains and rivers on this sword. These were not carved on it, but Real Mountains and rivers!

This sword was his divine kingdom!

"Weng!"

In an instant, a rain field appeared out of thin air beneath the horrifying huge sword divine kingdom!

The Raindrops became faster and faster. Gradually, the raindrops turned into rain swords, and the entire area was completely covered by the rain swords.

The rain swords were very small, only the size of a thumb. However, they were lifelike, as if they were real sharp swords.

"Heavenly Rain Sword Domain!"

"I once used this move to kill an expert at the peak of the godly state. I want to see who will kill who today!"

Rain Demon Sword God let out a low roar, and his body emitted a transcendent aura.

Under this aura, the surrounding sword domain did not lose out to the aura of some experts at the peak of the godly state.

"Using the divine kingdom, is this rain demon sword God's strongest move?"

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw this scene.

The Raindrops turned into rain swords within 100 kilometers. This terrifying control power shocked everyone!

"Heavenly Rain Sword Domain?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. His entire body was covered by the Yin-yang and five elements alms. The binding force of the five elements grinding had already descended!

"Pa Pa Pa Pa!"

When waves of energy entered the heavenly rain sword domain, the sharp swords landed on the energy and slowly pierced through it!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked. A hint of surprise appeared on his face!

"Crash!"

At this moment, the densely packed blood-red chains entered the heavenly rain sword domain.

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

An even more intense collision sound rang out. The sharp swords landed on the blood-red chains, causing numerous cracks to appear and the chains were cut off.

However, there were too many chains. They continued to surge in crazily and wound around the rain demon sword God.

"I would like to see if your sword domain is stronger or my seven luminaries space is stronger!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Wang Xian took this opportunity to wave his arm toward the sky.

The five elements Millstone flew toward the sky above the giant sword divine kingdom while the yin and yang Poles flew toward the area below.

In an instant, the five elements millstone and the yin and yang poles hovered above and below the sky rain sword domain!

"Break for me!"

At this moment, an ice-cold roar was heard.

Rain Devil Sword God was floating in the middle. When he saw the densely packed blood-red chains, he waved the raindrop sword in his hand!

The rain sword within a radius of 100 kilometers was guided and directly attacked the chains.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

The intense collision caused the chains to quickly collapse. The densely packed blood-red chains disappeared at a terrifying speed.

"So Powerful!"

The millions of people who were watching watched in astonishment.

The rain swords were endless. No matter how many chains there were, they would be destroyed!

"Space of seven elements!"

At this moment, Wang Xian let out a soft shout and flapped his seven-colored wings!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the sky, five divine dragons roared and emitted rays of light!

Below, the Yin and yang Poles suddenly rose slowly, and a seven-colored spatial domain slowly surrounded the sky rain sword domain.

"Oh?"

Rain Demon Sword God saw the seven-colored light that suddenly enveloped him. He was slightly shocked and looked over.

"A domain similar to my sky rain sword domain?"

A trace of seriousness appeared on his face, followed by a sinister smile.

"Then I would like to experience it!"

Clang! Clang! Clang

He let out a wild roar, and the entire area was filled with the metallic clang of the water sword.

Crack! Crack! Crack

The seven-colored radiance slowly descended and collided with the sky rain sword domain. A terrifying friction was created!

"Earth conquers water!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar. His body moved and he charged into the space of seven elements.

At the same time, the space of seven luminaries slowly turned into a grayish color.

Some earthy yellow energy was eroding towards the heavenly rain sword domain.

The soil entered the water and caused the water sword to slowly lose control!

"What!"

At this moment, the expression of the god of sword rain demon changed drastically.

"Kill him!"

He immediately roared and the remaining rain swords charged towards Wang Xian.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and an incomparably huge wall appeared in front of him!

Countless rain swords landed on the wall and were slowly eroded by the Earth attribute.

"If you don't have any moves, you can die!"

Wang Xian's cold voice rang out as the seven luminaries space began to compress!

"Look, the heavenly rain sword domain of the rain demon sword god is actually being compressed. is the victor going to be decided?"

"That Dragon King is so powerful. He isn't any weaker than the Rain Demon Sword God!"

"All the disciples of the Yu Huatian sect have basically been killed. This time, the Yu Huatian sect is completely defeated!"

When everyone saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.

At the side, only a dozen of the 120 gods had been killed.

If Rain Devil Sword God was killed, this terrifying battle would come to an end!

"Eh? They are still in the mood to fight amongst themselves. Many gods have died. Damn it, what a waste!"

"If Yaoxie had attacked from this place, none of them would have survived. Now, they are still fighting amongst themselves. HMPH!"

"Let's go. The entire Northern Alliance should be here. It will save us a lot of time!"

Just as everyone was paying attention to the battle on the battlefield, more than ten figures flew over from the rear.

In the middle were two old men surrounded by ten youths.