Chapter 2123: 2123, the requisition of eternal Thunderbolts

"Die!"

In the space of seven elements, Wang Xian stared at the rain demon sword God with a face full of killing intent!

The space of seven elements completely suppressed the heavenly rain sword domain. In the entire space of seven elements, the Rain Demon Sword God was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"No, no, i, the Rain Demon Sword God, actually died at the hands of someone of the same level. I don't believe it!"

The Rain Demon Sword God waved the longsword in his hand with a face full of unwillingness and attacked Wang Xian.

Boom! Boom! Boom

With a thought, Wang Xian gathered the dragon claws around the rain demon sword God and attacked him.

After entering the space of seven elements, one could either escape or defend against the seven elements. Otherwise, one would face endless attacks.

Bang! Bang! Bang

The huge dragon claws landed on his sword and his body, causing his expression to change drastically. He spat out a mouthful of blood and his body was sent flying.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Following that, continuous attacks landed on his body!

Wang Xian quietly hovered in the space of seven luminaries and watched his death and Fall!

Buzz

Ten seconds later, the space of seven luminaries slowly disappeared. There was a corpse floating in the air.

When he died, he didn't scream too much. He was considered a man.

"He's... dead. Rain Devil Sword God is dead!"

"So fast. Rain Devil Sword God was killed by the Dragon King. Yu Huashen sect is finished!"

"120 gods were killed!"

When the seven luminaries space disappeared and everyone saw the Dragon King with seven-colored wings and two horns standing proudly in the air, they were slightly shocked.

They looked at the corpse beside them, their eyes flashing with a luster.

"It's over. It's really unexpected. This Dragon Palace and the Dragon King..."

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition trading company watched and muttered softly. He swept his gaze across the experts from the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King in the air, revealing a trace of solemnity.

Not far away, the experts from the god Burning God dynasty and the demonic God sect also revealed fearful expressions.

The strength of the Dragon Palace could indeed cause them to be fearful.

"This battle of the Dragon Palace has completely established their strength and status in the Northern Region!"

Some disciples looked at the battlefield with reverence.

The Yu Huashen Divine sect had a total of 120 gods and two million demigod-level and above disciples. All of them had been killed by the Dragon Palace.

This battle had shaken the northern region.

In the entire Northern Territory Alliance, only the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine sect could contend with them. No other faction was a match for the Dragon Palace!

"Your Northern Territory Alliance is really boring. You all have the time to fight and kill here. It's great that you have so much energy!"

At this moment, an arrogant voice slowly sounded, covering an area of several thousand kilometers.

"Eh?"

The voice suddenly attracted everyone's attention!

Some God realm experts of the Northern Territory Alliance looked over, their eyes revealing a cold expression.

"That is!"

However, when everyone looked over and saw the twelve figures walking over from the void, their pupils constricted slightly.

Two old men stood in the middle. There was a purple heart-protecting mirror on their chests, and on the heart-protecting mirror was written a large God word!

There were ten young men around them. They were wearing special clothing, family clothing!

Eternal Thunderclap!

"Those two old men are the thunder god, the thunder god of Eternal Thunderclap!"

Some people looked at the two old men in the middle with shock on their faces.

Thunder God was the name given by the thunder god Lord to the peak-stage eternal thunderclap.

Once one reached the peak-stage of the deity realm, they could be called the thunder god.

This was a very honorable title.

In the entire northern region, thunder god possessed great authority and prestige.

No one dared to provoke him!

And no one dared to provoke him!

"Greetings, Thunder God!"

The old man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company was the first to react. He cupped his hands toward the two old men from Eternal Thundergod!

"Greetings, Lord Thunder God!"

Those experts whose strength had not reached the peak of the deity realm immediately bowed!

"In the Northern Expedition Trading Company, there are 40 godly state experts and two peak of the godly state experts apart from Eternal Shocking Thunder's strongest faction. I'll recruit them. My younger brothers and sisters don't have any objections, right?"

Beside the old man, a long-haired young man with an imposing bearing and a proud expression held a folding fan in his hand. He looked indifferently at the young men and women around him as he spoke.

Eternal Shocking Lightning and his group of twelve people completely ignored everyone from the Northern Region Alliance.

However, his words caused everyone from the Northern Region Alliance to be shocked. Their eyes were filled with shock.

Requisition? What did he mean?

"Big Brother's strength is stronger than ours. This time, it's naturally up to big brother to choose. However, I'll requisition the demonic God sect!"

"I'll be the second one to choose. You guys don't have any objections, right?"

At the side, a burly youth holding a thunder hammer immediately spoke up.

The other young men and women didn't speak. It was clear that they tacitly agreed.

"Haha, since seventh brother has chosen the enchanting divine sect, then I'll choose the god Burning Divine Dynasty!"

A youth with a long spear on his back laughed loudly as he spoke.

"Alright, it should be my turn next!"

Among the group of young men, one of the two ladies took a step forward.

She looked at Wang Xian who was in the void and swept her gaze across all the members of the Dragon Palace. A look of pleasant surprise appeared on her face.

"I'll take this faction. If I'm not wrong, this is the Dragon Palace. They destroyed the Dragon Palace of the Tian Yang Divine dynasty. However, it's obvious that there are some unexpected surprises this time!"

She narrowed her eyes and smiled, revealing two dimples.

"Oh? That's not right. The Yu Huashen sect seems to have been destroyed. The five strongest factions that we agreed on are now missing one!"

However, at this moment, a delicate-looking young man's expression changed slightly. His expression slowly turned ugly!

"It seems to be true. Lei tiansheng, your luck seems to be a little bad!"

The young man holding the folding fan said with a smile.

"They... what are they doing?"

When everyone in the Northern Region Alliance saw Eternal Thunderclap and the other young men picking and choosing among themselves, their expressions changed slightly. All of them frowned.

The strongest experts of the Northern Expedition Trading Company's God Burning God dynasty also frowned. They had a bad premonition in their hearts!

"Young Masters of Eternal Thunderclap, May I know what you are doing?"

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition Trading Company hesitated for a moment before asking.

"The Order of the Eternal God Lord. Now that the northern region has been invaded by the demon cave, all the northern region's factions are to resist the demon cave together. Anyone who disobeys will be killed without mercy!"

An elder's dignified gaze swept over everyone from the Northern Region Alliance as he coldly said.

"What!"

At this moment, everyone's expressions changed drastically, their faces filled with shock and embarrassment.

"Mobilize all of your forces and enter the frontlines. Northern Expedition Trading Company, Call Your Guild leader and follow this YOUNG MASTER TO ESTABLISH UNDYING FEATS!"

The first youth to speak stepped forward and directly ordered the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

The Old Man's heart sank, and his expression changed drastically.

"I dare not disobey the eternal god Lord's orders. Greetings, Young Master Lei Beichen!"