Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2124: 2124 on the arrogant Lei Dongxue

"I dare not disobey the order of the eternal God Lord. Greetings, Young Master Lei Beichen!"

The old man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company respectfully called out, his voice reverberating throughout the entire void.

Lei Beichen, the strongest expert of the current generation of eternal shocking thunder youths, had ignited four wisps of divine fire at such a young age. He was extremely famous throughout the entire northern region!

The Bright Old Man from the Northern Expedition Trading Company naturally recognized him.

The Northern Expedition Trading Company did not dare to remain silent in the face of his words.

In a short span of ten seconds, he had already figured it out. Clearly, the thunder god Lord wanted to gather the strength of the entire northern region and head to the frontlines to fight against the demon lair.

The main reason was to reduce eternal shocking Thunder's losses and make them cannon fodder.

Even if he understood, he did not dare to resist in the slightest.

Unless they immediately fled from the northern region, it was just as the Thunder God had said, those who disobeyed would die!

Their foundation was here, how could they dare to escape?

Moreover, there were two thunder gods in front of them personally!

"The god-burning God dynasty greets young master Lei Donglin!"

"The enchanting God sect greets young master Lei Tianming!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The eyes of the strongest experts from the god-burning God dynasty and the enchanting God sect flashed with helplessness. Seeing that the northern expedition trading company had submitted, they had no choice but to express their stance!

They immediately bowed to the other two young men respectfully!

"This..."

When the surrounding millions of disciples saw this scene, a look of shock appeared on their faces.

They looked at the group of young men in the air with a look of reverence.

Lei Beichen, Lei Donglin, Lei Tianming, and the other two had looks of satisfaction on their faces as they nodded with smiles on their faces.

"Oh? Why? Where's Your Dragon Palace?"

The lady who was asking for the Dragon Palace looked at Wang Xian who was in the air and raised her eyebrows slightly.

"Eternal Thunderclap?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he heard the lady's words.

Everyone in the surroundings looked at him!

"Listen to this young lady's instructions!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands to the lady expressionlessly and said.

"HMM? You Don't know me?"

The lady raised her head slightly and her face was filled with arrogance.

"The dragon palace is small and insignificant. I'm sorry, ladies around!"

Wang Xian shook his head. He really didn't know this lady in front of him.

"Remember My Name, Lei Dongxue. From now on, Your Dragon Palace will follow me and listen to my commands!"

Lei Dongxue said faintly.

As the most outstanding member of Eternal Thunderclap's generation, she had a face that could topple countries and cities, as well as stunning talent.

Her name was definitely a well-known existence in the entire eternal thunderclap.

"Wait, the Yu Huatian Divine sect has been destroyed by you!"

At the side, Lei Tiansheng stared at Wang Xian with an extremely embarrassed expression as he questioned in a low voice.

"Leave none of them alive!"

Wang Xian looked at the young man with an expressionless face.

"Damn it..."

Lei Tiansheng's face revealed a stern expression as a terrifying killing intent shot out from his entire body. He stared at Wang Xian with a face full of anger.

"Brother Tiansheng, you can't blame others for your bad luck!"

Lei Dongxue sensed his killing intent and reminded him lightly.

"The Yu Huashen sect belongs to me to begin with. This Little Dragon Palace will destroy it..."

"Those who don't know are innocent!"

Lei tiansheng said with a cold expression, but he was easily resolved by Lei Dongxue.

"Lei Dongxue, you..."

Lei Tiansheng's expression changed drastically. He knew that he was really unlucky this time!

As the fifth-ranked young generation in this eternal shocking thunder competition, he could have chosen the fifth-ranked faction in the Northern Region!

Everyone knew that apart from eternal thunderclap, only five other factions were relatively stronger.

However, the fifth faction was destroyed by the Dragon Palace.

This was very disadvantageous for them to earn merit points in the future.

It must be known that if they could get a huge amount of merit points to fight against the Devil Den this time, not only would they be able to increase their position, but they would also be able to greatly increase their strength and obtain divine weapons!

Now, he could only choose the weaker factions!

"Follow the rules!"

Lei Dongxue looked at him with a smile.

"The Yu Huashen sect originally belonged to me. Now that they have been destroyed, I want to take over all the resources of the Yu Huashen sect!"

Lei tiansheng growled with a gloomy face.

"This won't do. The Yu Huashen sect was killed by our Dragon Palace. It Won't be that easy to kill two gods of nine wisps of divine fire. We won't hand over the spoils of war!"

"Furthermore, you want to plunder our resources. Do you want us to do our best to help you?"

Wang Xian immediately said when he heard his words.

What a joke. How was it possible to hand over the resources of the Yu Huashen sect and the other seven factions.

The Dragon Palace had destroyed the Yu Huashen sect and the other seven factions this time. How huge were the resources?

This was a faction that had stood here for hundreds of thousands of years. Even two divine empires of the skycenter could not compare to it.

These resources were the key to Wang Xian igniting the fourth wisp of divine fire. It was also the key to him being able to possess the strength at the peak of the Godly State!

How could he allow Lei Tiansheng to obtain it.

Even if the other party was the disciple of eternal thunderclap.

"A horse without grass is not fat. This is what the Dragon Palace deserves!"

Lei Dongxue continued to speak from the side.

Lei tiansheng stared at Wang Xian. His eyes were sparkling.

Finally, he swept his gaze at Lei Dongxue. His face was livid and he didn't say another word.

"Hehe!"

Lei beichen and the rest smiled faintly and didn't say a word.

"We have chosen the other factions!"

The other five young men spoke as they looked at all the factions in the Northern Alliance.

Very soon, the young men selected the factions one by one.

None of the factions dared to resist!

This was an order from Eternal Shocking Thunder!

"This is not only a good thing but also a bad thing. This feeling is a little unpleasant!"

Wang Xian hovered in the air and ordered Prime Minister Gui and the rest to clean up the battlefield quickly.

He frowned slightly. The sudden appearance of Eternal Shocking Thunder had made them follow the younger generation of Eternal Shocking Thunder!

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, there was no way they could resist it.

They could only follow the current course of action.

He was a little worried that if he encountered an expert from the Eternal Shocking Thunder Energy Tide, his identity might be exposed.

At that time, the Dragon Palace would be in danger!

"Dragon Palace, I will follow you to the Yu Huashen sect's territory to see if there are any treasures that I can use!"

At this moment, Lei Dongxue flew over and said to Wang Xian with an unquestionable tone.

Wang Xian frowned slightly but still nodded his head!

"This time, Lei Dongxue's luck is really good. If I had known in advance, I might have chosen the Dragon Palace!"

"This time, Lei Dongxue picked up a loophole. The strength of this dragon palace is even stronger than the god Burning Empire. Damn it!"

From the side, Lei Donglin, Lei Tianming, and the rest saw this and revealed envious looks on their faces.

If they had known in advance, they would have chosen the Dragon Palace.

Especially now that the Dragon Palace had destroyed the Yuhua Divine sect. This place contained enormous treasures.

Even to them, it was a supreme treasure.

"In the past, Lei Dongxue looked down on other men. If we let her obtain some more treasures to increase her power, she would look down on us even more!"

The nearby youths thought to themselves.