Chapter 2125: Under the arrogant Lei Dongxue

"I want this divine artifact and these divine herbs and divine fruits. With these treasures, it won't be long before I can ignite four wisps of divine fire!"

"At that time, even lei beichen will be defeated by my hands!"

At a place where the mountains on Yu Hua Planet overlapped, countless mountains were enveloped by a hazy aura. It was filled with a fairyland.

At the highest peak in the center, Lei Dongxue's eyes were sparkling as she looked at the treasures in Yu Hua Divine Sect's treasury.

With a wave of her arm, she took a few of the most precious divine herbs, divine fruits, and divine weapons in her hands. She looked at everything with a smile on her face.

Wang Xian stood at the side and looked at the things that she wanted. A hint of coldness flashed across his eyes!

"Miss Lei Dongxue, aren't you taking a little too many things?"

Wang Xian said to her calmly.

"Why? Do you have a problem with that? Now That Your Dragon Palace has been requisitioned, to put it bluntly, you have to give me anything I Want!"

"Besides, if I didn't speak up for you, do you think you would be able to obtain these treasures?"

She looked at Wang Xian calmly. The corners of her mouth curled up slightly, revealing a beautiful curve.

"Are you eternal thunderclap trying to use us as slaves?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked calmly.

"Haha, this means that all of you are still valuable. In this situation, the entire northern region has to listen to the orders of Eternal Thunderclap!"

"Follow me and let me be satisfied. The later stage will be very beneficial to all of you!"

"Do you know that if all of you are disobedient, I can order all of you to charge at the forefront when we reach the front line!"

Lei Dongxue stared at Wang Xian with a burning gaze. His face was filled with coldness and mockery.

The main purpose of the young generation competition held by eternal thunderclap this time was to nurture the future pillar of Eternal Thunderclap, the future thunder god.

There were no rewards for the competition. The only reward was the right to control the other factions in the northern region.

This was a huge right.

Similarly, this reward was also very generous. It was so generous that countless outstanding disciples of the current generation would risk their lives for it.

This was because once you had the right to control these powers, you could mobilize the resources and power of this power.

This would be a huge advantage for them to accumulate merits!

Wang Xian's heart sank when he heard her words. A faint killing intent surged up.

A God who only had three wisps of divine fire actually dared to threaten him.

However, Wang Xian really couldn't do anything about it at the moment. The other party was the outstanding disciple of Eternal Thunderclap. If he really killed him, he wouldn't need eternal thunderclap to do anything!

If all the forces in the entire northern region were to join forces, they would be able to cause great losses to the Dragon Palace.

This was also the reason why Lei Dongxue dared to follow them here alone.

They had nothing to fear because they knew that no one would harm their outstanding eternal thunderclap disciples.

The other factions in the northern region might seem glorious, but they had no ability to resist eternal thunderclap!

Endure!

Wang Xian suppressed the anger in his heart. With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, he could only endure.

He didn't say anything and ordered Prime Minister Gui to get the rest of the treasures.

"Hehe!"

Lei Dongxue could feel Wang Xian's dissatisfaction, but she didn't care at all. So what if she was dissatisfied?

Following that, Wang Xian and the rest headed to the other seven forces.

Those seven forces were all gods who possessed seven or eight wisps of divine fire. Each of them had a heritage that spanned hundreds of thousands of years.

The treasures they controlled were worth a lot of money.

Even Lei Dongxue was moved when she saw them. Her eyes were filled with passion and greed.

All the items that she could use and that she had her eyes on were all kept by her.

Wang Xian watched all of this in silence!

"Let's go and take a look at Your Dragon Palace!"

After cleaning up the treasures of the eight factions, Lei Dongxue said arrogantly to Wang Xian.

"HMM? Why are you going to the Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian's heart sank as he asked Lei Dongxue.

"Of course, I'm going to count the soldiers. I want to understand the soldiers under me. I'm going to your headquarters. I know it should be your divine kingdom!"

Lei Dongxue said to Wang Xian directly.

"I can summon the Dragon Palace directly!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before saying.

"There's no need. A few of my friends also want to go to your place. I'm very curious about what kind of planet could give birth to such a force with so many gods!"

Lei Dongxue refused. He looked at him and said, "Let's go. We'll head there immediately. Time is of the essence!"

Wang Xian stood there and didn't reply. He frowned slightly.

"Don't waste time!"

Lei Dongxue looked at him with a burning gaze and emphasized again.

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and gestured to the members of the Dragon Palace around him!

"Let's go to planet Liberty first. I want to gather with a few friends!"

As she spoke, she immediately flew toward the teleportation formation.

Wang Xian followed closely behind and teleported to the location of Planet Liberty.

"Haha, Miss Lei Dongxue, Congratulations this time!"

When they arrived at the planet of freedom, a woman, a middle-aged man, and two young men and women walked over with smiles on their faces.

"Hehe, your luck is pretty good!"

Lei Dongxue smiled at the four of them and gestured to them. "This is the leader of the Dragon Palace. He has followed me to establish a faction with meritorious deeds. There are many strong people!"

"We have already heard about it. I believe that Miss Lei Dongxue will definitely be able to build up her immortal achievements this time around and receive the Lord God's Commendation!"

The woman said with some flattery.

"I am still very confident in defeating the rest. Let's go and take a look at the planet of the leader of the Dragon Palace!"

Lei Dongxue's face was filled with confidence as he asked Wang Xian to lead the way.

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the four of them. There were two middle-aged men. One of them had the strength of nine wisps of divine fire while the other had the strength of eight wisps of divine fire.

The two young women had just ignited the divine fire.

They should be Lei Dongxue's trusted aides or followers.

He came to the teleportation formation and teleported towards Earth.

Buzz

Soon, the group appeared at the seaside.

Lei Dongxue immediately floated in the air and scanned her surroundings.

"The planet is a little small, but it's still average!"

She sized up her surroundings and commented indifferently. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

To him, earth was indeed average.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to her and flew straight into the ocean.

"Miss Lei Dongxue, this leader of the Dragon Palace seems a little unwilling!"

At the back, the woman saw Wang Xian and said coldly.

"Hehe, so what if they are unwilling? He will come and beg me soon!"

Lei Dongxue looked at Wang Xian and said coldly.

"Let's go. I'm a little curious. How can there be nearly a hundred gods in a Dragon Palace? Do they have some treasures?"

Lei Dongxue's eyes flickered as he flew toward the Dragon Palace.

The four of them followed closely and flew toward the Dragon Palace.