Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2126: Pride and death

"Come in!"

Wang Xian looked at Lei Dongxue and the rest behind him and entered the Dragon Palace directly from the East Gate.

"Eh? This Dragon Palace is really majestic!"

The young men and women behind Lei Dongxue looked at the Dragon Palace in front of them with sparkling eyes!

Lei Dongxue, who was in front, scanned his surroundings with his sharp eyes and entered the Dragon Palace directly.

"Buzz!"

"What thick spiritual energy!"

The two young men couldn't help but exclaim when they stepped into the Dragon Palace.

"The spiritual energy here is terrifyingly thick!"

The middle-aged man and the woman's expressions changed slightly, and their eyes were filled with shock.

One of them had lit nine wisps of divine fire, and the other had lit eight wisps of divine fire. They had their own huge divine kingdom.

However, the spiritual Qi in their divine kingdom was very different!

The Spiritual Qi in the Dragon Palace was more than a hundred times more than in the outside world. This majestic spiritual Qi was extremely terrifying.

They had also been to the eternal divine kingdom, but the spiritual Qi there was still very different from here.

Perhaps only the eternal divine kingdom could have such spiritual Qi!

Lei Dongxue also looked around with awe in his heart, his eyes shining.

"Bring us to the central position. Also, call all the members of Your Dragon Palace over!"

Lei Dongxue said to Wang Xian in a commanding tone.

Wang Xian took a glance at her and walked straight into the Dragon King's Hall.

The moment they entered the Dragon King's Hall, their faces were filled with awe.

At this moment, Lei Dongxue was also visibly moved.

She looked around with shock on her face. She looked at the Dragon Chair at the front and the ancestral tree behind the Dragon Chair.

"This spiritual energy is almost two hundred times stronger than the others!"

She mumbled as her eyes sparkled.

She looked at the dragon chair that was a thousand meters in size and walked straight to it!

"Prime Minister Gui, call all the members of the Dragon Palace over!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui looked at Lei Dongxue unkindly and nodded respectfully to Wang Xian.

"What an imposing divine throne. Not Bad, not bad, not bad at all!"

She stepped onto the stairs and stood in front of the dragon throne.

"Is this the divine tree?"

She looked at the ancestral tree behind the dragon throne and sized it up.

"HMM? There are fruits on it. What kind of power is this? It's So Strange."

Lei Dongxue looked at the soul-returning bodies and was filled with astonishment.

"Little Xian, you're back. Who are they?"

At this moment, Sun Lingxiu's voice rang out. She and Ling Jian 'er came out from the dragon bedroom and looked at Lei Dongxue and the rest with a frown.

"They're the people from Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

Wang Xian said to them and gestured for the two of them to come to his side.

"Eternal Shocking Thunder?"

The two girls were stunned for a moment and a hint of solemnity appeared on their faces.

"Oh? Dragon King, are these your two wives?"

Lei Dongxue was attracted by their gazes and looked at the two of them with slight surprise.

"All of them have lit the divine fire, and their strength isn't weak. I really didn't expect it!"

Looking at Sun Lingxiu and Ling Jian 'er, she was slightly surprised. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

They were so young, and their strength wasn't weaker than hers, and even stronger than hers!

She was extremely surprised.

This Dragon Palace was extraordinary!

"Dragon King!"

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, members of the Dragon Palace entered the Dragon King Palace one by one.

More than 20,000 members followed the leaders of the combat divisions. When they saw Lei Dongxue in front of the dragon throne, their eyes sparkled.

"All the members of the Dragon Palace have arrived? Only 20,000 or so?"

The woman next to Lei Dongxue looked down in surprise.

"All of them are elites. None of them are lower than Rank-8 demigod. This force is very strong!"

The surprised voice came from the woman's mouth again. She glanced at the members of the Dragon Palace and smiled.

"Miss Lei Dongxue, Congratulations. The power of the Dragon Palace is very strong!"

She said with a smile.

"Haha, not bad, not bad. More than 100 godly state experts, more than 20,000 demigod rank-8, rank-9, and peak-level disciples!"

Lei Dongxue looked at the power of the Dragon Palace with a burning look in her eyes.

This power was comparable to eternal shocking thunder, a core-level army!

"I will definitely get a lot of merit points if I control the Dragon Palace!"

Her heart was burning with excitement as she witnessed the powerful Dragon Palace and the members of the Dragon Palace below.

She couldn't help but feel excited about her choice.

"Huala!"

Lei Dongxue adjusted her clothes and slowly sat on the dragon chair behind her.

She sat upright on the dragon chair with a proud expression on her face.

The middle-aged man and the woman immediately stood on both sides and looked down at everyone in the Dragon Palace.

"I'm very satisfied with Your Dragon Palace. If you're obedient, I won't mistreat you!"

Lei Dongxue's lips curled up slightly and his face was full of pride.

"Hurry up and thank some young ladies!"

The woman shouted coldly when she saw the indifferent members of the Dragon Palace.

The power of a peak nine wisps of divine fire slowly pressed forward.

"If you have the ability, you will naturally have status. Your Dragon Palace has the ability!"

Lei Dongxue waved her hand. She stared at Wang Xian and said, "Dragon King, you are the number one general under me!"

"I heard that Your Dragon Palace has nine divine beasts that are pulling the divine throne. Those nine divine beasts will be pulling the sedan beasts for me in the future!"

"Also, you should be the Dragon King's wife. You have the light attribute and good healing and support abilities. The one beside you should be a sword cultivator. You guys will be by my side!"

She spoke slowly and stood up directly in the end.

"Does anyone object?"

Lei Dongxue stood proudly in front of the dragon throne in the Dragon King's palace. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he asked arrogantly.

When Wang Xian heard his words, he sighed slightly. A contemplative look appeared on his face.

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace did not speak. They just stood there quietly!

Sun Lingxiu and Ling Jian 'er frowned.

"It's your good fortune to be able to follow our Miss Lei Dongxue. No one objected. It seems that they tacitly agreed!"

"Hurry up and kneel down to show your loyalty!"

The middle-aged man saw that no one from the Dragon Palace said anything and immediately shouted.

"Hehe, follow me. In the future, I can make you join Eternal Shocking Thunder. You will have several times more planets than you have now!"

Lei Dongxue sat down slowly and said proudly.

"Sigh, do you really think that you can act recklessly just because of the name Eternal Thunderclap?"

Wang Xian I sighed slightly!

"Huh?"

Lei Dongxue was slightly stunned. She raised her eyebrows and turned to Wang Xian coldly!

"What? Dragon King? Are you going to defy our eternal thunderclap and the Lord of Thunderclap?"

Her voice was sharp!

"Hualala!"

As soon as she finished speaking, Prime Minister Gui waved his hand, and all the members of the Dragon Palace took a step forward slowly!

"No one dares to sit on the throne of the Dragon King, and no one is qualified to sit on it!"

Prime Minister Gui's voice was cold, and killing intent burst out of the members of the Dragon Palace!