Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2127: 2127 in control

Prime Minister Gui's voice resounded throughout the entire Dragon King Palace!

As the members of the Dragon Palace took a step forward, an invisible and terrifying aura filled the entire dragon king palace with killing intent!

No one dared to sit on the throne of the Dragon King, and no one had the right to do so!

At this moment, Lei Dongxue's pupils constricted slightly on the dragon throne, and his face slowly turned ugly.

"Dragon Palace, what are you trying to do? Disobey Miss Lei Dongxue's orders? Disobey the orders of the thunder god Lord?"

"With just your Tiny Dragon Palace? You Dare to disobey the orders of the god Lord? Are you trying to bring about your own destruction?"

A young man standing at the front of the dragon throne shouted with a stern expression.

His gaze swept across the members of the Dragon Palace below, and his eyes were filled with disdain.

In the entire northern region, who would dare to disobey the orders of the god of Thunder? No one would dare!

Disobeying the orders of the god of Thunder was no different from courting death!

"Dragon King, I'm very angry now. I'll give you ten seconds to satisfy me within ten seconds. Otherwise, I'll make all of you regret coming into this world!"

Lei Dongxue sat on the Dragon Throne and stared coldly at Wang Xian. Her face was filled with coldness.

Even when she was facing everyone from the Dragon Palace, she was not afraid at all.

This was because this was the northern region. She had brought the order of the Lord of Thunderclap to recruit all the major factions.

As long as any faction dared to resist, what awaited them was destruction.

As for her own safety, she was not worried at all. This was because if anything happened to her, it would be a provocation to the entire eternal thunderclap.

In the face of such a force, Eternal Thunderclap would definitely take action and get rid of her.

No force would dare to touch her!

Sitting on the Dragon Chair, Lei Dongxue was still high and mighty.

"Another ant who thinks he is high and mighty just because of his background!"

Wang Xian looked at Lei Dongxue who was sitting on the Dragon Chair and said mockingly.

"With your background, I didn't want to make a move initially. However, you are too greedy and arrogant!"

"What right does a woman with three wisps of divine fire have to order me around?"

He raised his head slightly and said each word coldly.

Boom

As Wang Xian said that, he moved his arm and a claw instantly appeared in front of Lei Dongxue. It was aimed at her neck!

"What? Dragon King, you are courting your own death!"

Lei Dongxue saw that Wang Xian dared to attack. At this moment, her superior expression completely disappeared. She shouted in a panic.

"You dare to attack the elite disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder. Dragon Palace, you are all dead meat!"

The woman with nine wisps of divine fire beside her shouted sternly. She moved her hand to block the attack.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, thorns appeared out of thin air under the feet of the woman and the other three people!

The ancestral tree behind the dragon throne emitted a faint green light. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Oh no!"

The middle-aged woman's expression changed drastically when she saw the experts from the Dragon Palace attacking. Her Eyes revealed a look of panic.

"Boom!"

Wang Xian's body trembled. The power that belonged to the Dragon Palace pressed directly on them.

As the Divine Kingdom of Wang Xian, the Dragon Palace was naturally under his control. Entering a stranger's divine kingdom was definitely not a good thing.

If one did not have great strength to break out of the divine kingdom, they might be suppressed in there forever.

That was because this was someone else's world!

Boom

The woman and the middle-aged man's expressions changed drastically. Their bodies seemed to be suppressed by a Star!

The thorns wrapped around their bodies!

"Ah Ah Ah!"

In the next moment, the sharp thorns entered their bodies.

Their life force disappeared at a terrifying speed.

"Miss Lei Dongxue, save us!"

The four of them revealed terrified expressions as they screamed shrilly.

At this moment, Lei Dongxue's face was filled with fear. She opened her mouth!

Buzz

Before she could speak, the energy claw grabbed her neck.

Her face turned red instantly. Her delicate face was filled with panic.

"No, no... you... release..."

Her body struggled violently as she stared at Wang Xian in horror.

She never expected that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace would dare to attack her!

Did they want to die?

He actually dared to attack her!

"Ah!"

At this moment, four desperate screams came from beside her. She looked over and her face was filled with shock.

The powerhouse that she had spent so much effort to recruit was actually killed.

That God with nine wisps of divine fire did not have the ability to resist at all!

"Don't Kill Me!"

She begged for mercy with a face full of panic.

"It's Too Late!"

Wang Xian said faintly and exerted a little strength in his palm!

Crack! Crack

Her eyes widened and her entire body trembled as she felt the arrival of death!

Wang Xian waved his arm and threw her corpse into the Dragon King's Hall!

"Xiao Xian, if we kill her, will there be Eternal Thunder for revenge? With our strength..."

Sun Lingxiu saw the arrogant woman being killed and said with some worry.

"It's a little troublesome, but we have already found a countermeasure!"

Wang Xian smiled at her.

At the side, Prime Minister Gui walked straight to the front of the Dragon Chair. He wiped the spot where Lei Dongxue had sat and plucked a soul-returning embryo from the ancestral tree!

"Giving her a soul-returning embryo is such a waste!"

Prime Minister Gui walked to the corpse and said with a cold gaze.

"There's nothing we can do about it. However, controlling it will be beneficial to us in the future!"

Wang Xian said faintly.

A few hours ago, after witnessing Lei Dongxue's greed and arrogance, Wang Xian and Prime Minister Gui came up with a solution.

Wang Xian and the rest would naturally not coddle a woman with three wisps of divine fire.

However, the Dragon Palace could not afford to offend the background of the Eternal Thunderbolt.

She could use other methods to control it. Once she found the thunder god Lord, she could easily deal with it. By then, the Dragon Palace would be destroyed.

There was only one way, which was to kill it and resurrect it with the soul-returning embryo and the dragon blood token.

Lei Dongxue, who was resurrected in the Dragon Palace, could be considered a member of the Dragon Palace.

In that case, she would only have one will. The Dragon Palace would be her master, and the Dragon King would be her master!

At that time, even the god Lord would not be able to sense what had happened to her.

It would be a waste of an extremely precious soul-returning embryo!

"It's good that you're alright. Little Xian, you can handle the matters of the Dragon Palace. Shu Qing and the rest are in the transcendence continent. Jian 'er and I have to rush over!"

Sun Lingxiu saw that Wang Xian had a way to deal with it and flew out of the Dragon Palace with Ling Jian 'er!

The group of girls were currently building their dragon and Phoenix Empire

"Dragon King, she should be able to be revived soon!"

Prime Minister Gui took Lei Donglin's corpse and spoke to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian nodded his head and the two of them walked into the dragon transformation pool.

After placing him into the dragon transformation pool, Lei Dongxue, who had a soul-returning embryo and had only been dead for a few minutes, regained consciousness very quickly!

"Huala!"

She flew out from the dragon transformation pool with a horrified expression on her face.

She stared at Wang Xian with a slightly distorted expression.

However, very soon, a respectful expression appeared on her face.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"