Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2128: 2128 cannon fodder

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Lei Dongxue knelt in front of Wang Xian. She didn't have the arrogance and arrogance from before.

Compared to before, they were two completely different people!

Wang Xian stared at her indifferently and revealed a smile on his face.

"Get Up!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

Lei Dongxue stood respectfully beside Wang Xian. She was filled with respect.

"Do you still have your own memories? Do you remember everything that happened?"

Wang Xian asked her calmly.

"I know. It was Dongxue who recklessly offended the dragon king. Thank you, Dragon King, for allowing me to be reborn!"

Lei Dongxue replied quickly.

"It's good that you know. Tell me about the purpose of eternal shocking Thunder's recruitment of the other forces in the Northern Region!"

Wang Xian asked her.

"Dragon King, not long ago, Eternal Shocking Thunder was invaded by a large number of demonic beasts from the demon lair. Even the demonic dragon behind the demonic beasts from the demon lair appeared!"

"At that time, the god of Shocking Thunder appeared, but he wasn't able to kill him. He was even tricked by him and was poisoned!"

"However, the demonic dragon was in an even worse state. His tail was left behind and he had to fight for his life to escape. Now, the demonic dragon is taking revenge on us and countless demonic beasts are attacking us!"

"In order to avoid losses, we, eternal thunderclap, have decided to recruit all the forces in the entire Northern Region!"

Lei Dongxue said slowly to Wang Xian.

"Recruit all the forces in the northern region to fight against demonic beasts as cannon fodder?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

"More or less. Among demonic beasts, there are more than 20 existences at the peak of the godly state. Even the thunder god of eternal thunderclap only has this number!"

"Under such a battle, even if we can win, we will probably suffer heavy losses. We might even lose half of our strength!"

"Therefore, we will recruit other forces to reduce the losses of Eternal Thunderclap!"

Lei Dongxue nodded.

"In other words, after we head to Eternal Thunderclap Tomorrow, we will enter the front line directly?"

Wang Xian looked at her!

"That's right. We will enter the frontlines directly. However, whether or not we will be treated as cannon fodder will be another matter!"

"This depends on our decision. As the masters of these forces, we have the right to make a decision. However, in order to obtain merit points, there will definitely be disciples who will order the other forces in the northern region to be treated as cannon fodder!"

"Every time they kill a demonic beast, we will obtain some merit points!"

Lei Dongxue said so.

"Your eternal thunderclap is really powerful!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Dragon King, don't worry. As long as I'm here, I will not let the members of the Dragon Palace be used as cannon fodder!"

Lei Dongxue said immediately.

"What about the demonic beast corpses that we killed? Can we obtain them?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he asked her.

"Naturally, there will be some benefits to the eternal thunderclap faction. Otherwise, the other factions in the northern region will definitely fight with their lives on the line when they know they are dead!"

"Half of the dead body of Yao Xie can be obtained. The other half belongs to the Eternal Thunderclap faction. You can use the dead body of Yao Xie to exchange for items, formations, and the Eternal Thunderclap faction to open the treasury. There are no treasures in the outside world!"

"Some of the treasures are extremely attractive to those at the peak of the Godly State!"

Lei Dongxue said.

"Even so, he is still a cannon fodder!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he opened his palm and took out Lei Dongxue's interspatial ring.

Inside the interspatial ring were the divine herbs and divine fruits that she had obtained from Wang Xian as well as various treasures.

There were a total of more than 150 godly state experts from the seven factions, plus the treasures in their lair!

"That's enough!"

Wang Xian revealed a faint smile. The treasures from the Tianyang Divine Dynasty, the treasures from the eight forces of the Yu Huashen sect, and all sorts of divine herbs and elixirs were enough to ignite the divine fire again!

"Will it be alright if those four middle-aged women are killed? If so, think of a way to get rid of them. We will set off tomorrow!"

Wang Xian said to her before turning around and flying into the Dragon King's Hall.

The Dragon Palace had no choice but to obey the Order of eternal thunderclap. However, after his strength had increased, coupled with Lei Dongxue's presence, the danger level would be much lower!

After arriving at the Dragon King's palace, Wang Xian poured out all the resources in his interspatial ring and the mother nest.

Roar! Roar

His body moved and transformed into an enormous seven-colored divine dragon, devouring all sorts of resources in large mouthfuls.

After lighting another wisp of divine fire, he would have the strength of a peak deity. At that time, apart from the thunder god, he would not be afraid of anyone else in the northern region!

As long as he was given enough time and resources, the thunder god would not hesitate to kill him!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for raising your level and lighting the fourth wisp of divine fire!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: four Wisps of Divine Fire (fifth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 235.4 million/100 billion

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 6.

Dragon Palace members: 33,633

Ten minutes later, an extremely majestic roar was heard throughout the entire Dragon Palace.

The dragon body of 15,000 meters was entrenched in the Dragon King's palace. It was like an extremely mystical mountain peak.

The seven-colored dragon scales flickered with a divine glow, causing one to be dazzled.

That faint dragon aura caused all creatures below the divine realm to tremble!

"This... This form!"

At this moment, in front of the Dragon King's Palace, Lei Dongxue was looking at Wang Xian's form. Her eyes were wide open and a shocked expression appeared on her face.

"It's actually similar to the demonic dragon. However, it looks much more majestic and noble than the demonic dragon. Some people say that the demonic dragon possesses the bloodline of the legendary Divine Dragon. Could it be that the Dragon King also possesses it?"

She mumbled to herself,

the Divine Dragon had long disappeared. There were only some historical records of such terrifying existences.

However, according to the records, the Divine Dragon had already disappeared. There were only some demonic beasts that possessed the bloodline of the Divine Dragon.

Now that she was looking at the seven-colored Dragon King, she felt that the legendary divine dragon might not be as powerful as it!

"Peak of the godly state. If I were to encounter an existence like the rain demon sword God now, I would be able to kill him within ten moves!"

Feeling the powerful strength in his body and looking at his attributes, the corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly!

"Congratulations to Dragon King for another breakthrough!"

Prime Minister Gui walked over and said with a smile on his face.

"Prime Minister Gui, select 15,000 members and follow Eternal Thunderclap Tomorrow!"

Wang Xian transformed into his human form and said to Prime Minister GUI in a good mood.

"It's the Dragon King. I'll go prepare immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

"When do we set off tomorrow?"

Wang Xian looked at Lei Dongxue who was not far away. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Reporting to the Dragon King. We will set off at noon tomorrow!"

Lei Dongxue nodded his head respectfully.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. After hesitating for a moment, he flew towards the transcendence continent.

He did not know how long he would be away for this trip. He would go and see the group of girls first!