Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2129: 2129, the vast front line of the war

"Let's Go!"

At noon the next day, Wang Xian led 15,000 disciples of the Dragon Palace out of the Dragon Palace!

In the center of the front row, Lei Dongxue was riding on a fire Phoenix Dragon Seed. She raised her head slightly and regained her arrogant look.

Wang Xian followed by the side and the group headed toward the teleportation formation.

In order to prevent the people from the eternal thunderstorms from noticing anything, Wang Xian made Lei Dongxue return to her usual appearance. On the surface, she was the leader!

"Dragon King, the front line is located on the steel planet. That is the front line of the fight against the demonic beasts. We will need two hours to teleport through the formation!"

Lei dongxue whispered to Wang Xian.

"Alright, let's Go There First!"

Wang Xian nodded.

The steel planet was not a cultivation planet, but a technological planet.

It was located not far from the border between the northern region and the central region.

In the vast universe, not only were there cultivation planets, there were also many technological planets like Earth in the past!

Powerful technological planets and technological weapons could destroy gods.

However, after most technological planets learned about cultivation techniques, they gradually turned to cultivation techniques.

After all, cultivation techniques could allow humans to live for tens of thousands of years or even 100,000 years.

They could travel through the void with their physical bodies!

This was something that the technology of the technological planets could not achieve!

Buzz

After two hours of continuous teleportation, Wang Xian and the rest arrived above a building made of steel.

There were numerous transparent glass houses in the surroundings. People would appear from time to time in the glass houses, and some would enter the glass houses and disappear.

The entire huge building was filled with a sense of technology.

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the surroundings. There were many huge cities made of steel in the surroundings, which impacted everyone's line of sight.

"The steel planet is the strongest technological planet in the northern region. The technological weapons here can kill gods with three to four wisps of divine fire. If they were any stronger, they wouldn't be able to do it!"

Lei Dongxue raised his head proudly and transmitted his voice to Wang Xian.

"Now, we need to report to the frontline so that we can prepare for the upcoming battle!"

He continued.

"Lead the way!"

Wang Xian nodded and followed behind Lei Dongxue as they flew towards the front.

In the surroundings, there were flying cars shuttling in the air. There were also many cultivators flying in the sky.

"There are so many people on this planet?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings. All of them were densely packed and he asked curiously.

"The steel planet is now the frontline of the entire eternal thunderclap. Currently, almost a hundred cultivators and powerhouses from all the planets have come here!"

"Not only did eternal thunderclap recruit many forces, they also attracted more than a billion cultivators to guard the frontline through missions!"

"In addition to the various powerful armies and logistics personnel of Eternal Shocking Thunder, the number of people on this planet has increased by more than two billion!"

Lei Dongxue reported.

"By the way, have the experts who were stationed at the energy tide come over?"

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat as he asked hurriedly.

"HMM? No. The energy tide is also a relatively important place. Once we evacuate, it will be completely occupied by the eternal divine leaf!"

Lei Dongxue said with some doubt.

Although she was puzzled, she didn't dare to ask further.

"That's Good!"

Wang Xian mumbled.

More than ten thousand people flew forward. The people around them looked at them in astonishment.

When they saw Lei Dongxue, all of them had a look of awe on their faces.

Clearly, this person was very famous in eternal shocking thunder. Many people knew him.

The area of the steel planet was huge. Wang Xian estimated that it was at least one to two hundred times larger than Earth.

After flying for half an hour, he finally arrived at the frontline.

When Wang Xian saw the battle line in front of him, his face revealed a look of shock.

An incomparably huge steel city wall stood in the void. The entire steel city wall was at least tens of millions of kilometers long.

Its height reached up to millions of kilometers.

At this moment, cultivators were standing densely on the silver-white steel city wall.

In front of them, there was a meteorite floating in the void.

There were big and small meteorites. The big meteorites were hundreds of kilometers in size while the small ones were thousands of meters in size. It looked extremely chaotic.

The meteorites were densely packed and there was a demonic roar in the middle.

When Wang Xian got closer to the steel city wall, he noticed that there were many gigantic war machines on the steel city wall.

Boom

At this moment, a beam of light with a diameter of 1,000 meters headed straight for the demonic beast in front of him.

The terrifying beam of light penetrated tens of millions of kilometers into the void. Most of the demonic beasts that were hit by it would not be able to escape death!

"That is the light obliteration cannon. It uses technology to control the power of light and is able to kill an immortal-level existence!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Lei Dongxue saw Wang Xian's curious expression and explained to him through voice transmission.

"It's really magical. It's similar to a formation!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he said.

"Technology is indeed similar to a formation. It's a way of using attributes!"

Lei Dongxue hesitated for a moment before saying.

He landed on the silver-white steel city wall and looked at the endless void in front of him. Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

This was the starry sky of the Universe!

"Let's go to the Eternal Thunderclap Command Center!"

Lei Dongxue walked toward the center.

"Miss Lei, Congratulations. I heard that you are now in control of a very powerful force!"

"Lord Lei!"

"Lord Lei!"

Along the way, some people greeted Lei Dongxue enthusiastically.

Wang Xian watched silently from the side. After walking for only a dozen kilometers, he encountered more than thirty gods.

The number of gods here was terrifying!

"Dragon King, we're here. It might be a little offensive to speak later!"

Lei Dongxue said softly and looked at the command center in front of him.

"It's alright. Act according to your character!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

The command center of a silvery-white steel building was filled with a sense of technology.

When Lei Dongxue walked forward, the metal door opened directly. Inside was an incomparably huge command center.

The entire battlefield could be seen clearly from here. At this moment, there were more than a million people gathered inside!

"They are all here!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the area and realized that the people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the God burning dynasty, and the enchanting divine gate were all inside. He narrowed his eyes slightly.

His gaze swept across the location of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

When he killed the Rain Demon Sword God, he had mentioned that the Northern Expedition trading company was the one who told them about this news.

Wang Xian was somewhat suspicious. The Northern Expedition Trading Company had to a certain extent been involved in the Yu Huashen sect's ambush!

"Lei Dongxue, you are the only one left!"

At the front, Lei Tiansheng saw them arrive and said coldly.

His gaze swept past Wang Xian and the others, and a hint of coldness flashed in his eyes.

This time, if it wasn't for the Dragon Palace, he could have taken over the Yu Huashen sect. But now, compared to Lei Donglin, Lei Beichen, and the others, the difference was enormous.

In the future, the difference between them would only grow larger and larger. This was all because of the dragon palace and Reidong Xue.

Towards this, he was filled with hatred towards Reidong Xue and the Dragon Palace!