Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2130: In 2130’s intense battle

"You guys are early!"

Lei Dongxue scanned the surroundings and led Wang Xian and the rest straight ahead.

"HMM? Aren't there close to a hundred godly state experts in the Dragon Palace? Why are there only fifty of them here?"

Lei beichen and the rest looked behind Lei Dongxue. They were slightly surprised as they swept their gaze across the area.

"I have my own plans for this, there's no need for everyone to worry about me!"

Lei Dongxue smiled faintly, his gaze turning to an old man in front of him. He bowed and called out, "Lord Thunder God!"

"That's right, since you're all here, I'll call the rest of the Thunder gods over!"

The old man's gaze swept over the group of experts in front of him, and he nodded indifferently.

With a thought, he transmitted his voice to each of them.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Are all the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance here?"

"I heard that they are still in the mood to fight among themselves. It seems that they are living too comfortably!"

Figures slowly appeared in front of them. They were standing on the high platform in front of them.

There were about twenty figures. Some of them were wearing the clothes of the eternal thunderclap clan, while others were wearing battle armors.

Each of the old men exuded a terrifying pressure and were filled with dignity!

Their eyes swept forward, and their faces were filled with pride.

Seeing the twenty figures in front of them, the faces of everyone from the Northern Territory Alliance changed slightly, and their eyes were filled with respect.

Even the three peak deity realm experts from the Northern Territory Alliance were looking at them solemnly!

Hearing the Thunder God's words, they looked a little embarrassed.

"Greetings, Lord Thunder God!"

Lei Dong, Xue Lei, Bei Chen, and the other youths immediately called out respectfully when they saw the 20 thunder gods.

"Close to 600 deity realm experts and three peak deity realm experts. Their strength isn't bad. There are some things that you should know!"

"Don't have any thoughts. The entire Northern Territory is in danger now. If it wasn't for us, Eternal Shocking Thunder, you would've been destroyed!"

"This time, we will recruit you. Listen to the orders of my eternal shocking thunder disciples. Anyone who dares to disobey us will be exterminated by our hands!"

An old man with a knife scar on his face and a ferocious expression on his face, dressed in battle armor, coldly warned the other factions.

"Everyone, don't worry. We, Eternal Shocking Thunder, are not asking you to die. This is also an opportunity for you!"

"The Treasury of Eternal Shocking Thunder is open to all of you. As long as you have merit points, you can exchange for any treasure!"

"Especially the three peak God realm experts. If you can kill two peak God realm experts, our god Lord has said that we can directly confer you the title of Thunder God!"

After the middle-aged man finished speaking, an old man beside him took over his words and comforted him.

A big stick and a sweet date!

After all, the forces of the Northern Region Alliance were not slaves!

Below them, the forces heard their words and did not speak.

They already knew this. Although they were directly recruited, it was better if they were lucky and could obtain many items.

Some items were extremely precious to them.

They could only accept such a situation.

"You ten outstanding disciples, each choose a stronghold. The more demonic beasts you kill, the more meritorious deeds you will receive!"

"In addition, special operations are required. You must unconditionally agree!"

The Scarred Thunder God who had just started speaking said.

As his voice fell, he disappeared.

The rest of the Thunder Gods also left. Only one stayed behind!

"You should know the location of the stronghold. Choose your stronghold and organize an attack in an hour!"

The last remaining thunder god ordered them.

"It's Lord Thunder God. Leave it to us!"

Lei beichen bowed and said with a smile.

"Alright, you guys go. I'll supervise the battle in an hour!"

Thunder God nodded. He turned around to look at the void battleground in front of him, keeping an eye on his surroundings.

"Ten strongholds. We want the central stronghold!"

At this moment, Lei Beichen immediately said to the other nine young men and women.

"I want the center too!"

"I want to be close to the center!"

As soon as Lei Beichen finished speaking, Lei Donglin, Lei Tianming, and the others immediately spoke as well.

"I want the one on the left!"

Lei Dongxue also spoke up.

"Eh? Lei Dongxue, the strength of the Dragon Palace is not bad, yet you chose the safest place. Don't you want merit points?"

After Lei Dongxue made his choice, Lei Beichen and the rest looked over in astonishment.

"You guys don't need to worry about my matters!"

Lei Dongxue said calmly and walked straight towards the location of the stronghold.

"Is there anything special about this stronghold?"

Wang Xian followed behind and asked Lei Dongxue.

"There are ten strongholds, and they are also the center of the demonic invasion. You have to be constantly attacked by Xiao Xian and Yao Xie There!"

"Sometimes, there will be demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state. If you are not careful, you will suffer heavy losses!"

Lei Dongxue explained to Wang Xian in a low voice.

"I see!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

Killing Yao Xie could earn merit points. However, Lei Dongxue, who had been subdued, was now focusing on the safety of the Dragon Palace. Therefore, she chose the safest place.

The rest of the young men with eternal shock couldn't wait to choose the center seat.

As for the death of the Northern Alliance, it had nothing to do with them. As long as they had merit points, it was enough!

"Lei Dongxue, you guys are finally here. We can relax a little!"

When they arrived at a stronghold in the center of the Steel City Wall, a middle-aged man saw them walking over and said with a smile.

"Thank you for your hard work, Lord Renault. Leave this place to me!"

Lei Dongxue said with a smile.

"Alright, Alright. I'll leave it to you, Dongxue. Your strength is not bad!"

As the middle-aged man spoke, his gaze swept across Wang Xian and the rest behind her as he praised her.

"Dragon King, send someone to guard this stronghold. The moment any evil spirit steps 20 kilometers into the steel city wall, kill them immediately!"

Lei Dongxue smiled and commanded the Dragon King with an imposing manner.

One had to complete the Act!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and gestured to the surrounding members of the Dragon Palace.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace stood in front of the steel city wall and stared straight ahead.

"HMM? A group of demonic beasts is coming over!"

Just as the members of the Dragon Palace dispersed, a group of demonic beasts rushed over from the front.

There were at least a few thousand of them and there was a celestial-level demonic beast among them!

"Go over and kill them!"

The Dragon King looked over and immediately gave an order!

"Be careful. Demonic Beasts are very cunning. They are not here to die in vain. There might be more powerful demonic beasts hidden among them!"

"The number of demonic beasts is terrifying. They are using this method to wear down our strength!"

Lei Dongxue immediately reminded him from the side.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows, and a strange look flashed in his eyes.

"Huh?"

When he looked towards the demonic evil that was charging towards him, he was slightly taken aback.

There was actually a demonic evil with six wisps of divine fire hidden within that demonic evil.

If he were to send some members of the Dragon Palace over unprepared, they would all die there!