Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2131: In the intense battle of 2131

Demons were mainly bestial in nature, and they were mainly bloodthirsty!

However, this didn't mean that they were unintelligent!

On the contrary, their battle experience couldn't even be compared to many humans.

They wouldn't blindly come here to throw their lives away. They also knew some strategies.

Sneak attack, ambush, Lure, and escape!

"Among them, there's a demon with six wisps of divine fire. Ao Xingmu, hide behind the members of the Dragon Palace and deal with that demon with six wisps of Divine Fire!"

Wang Xian looked at the thousands of evil demons that were flying towards him and instructed ao Xingmu.

"Yes, Dragon King. Leave it to me!"

Ao Xingmu nodded and gestured to his subordinates.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, under the leadership of a Starwood Dragon species that had ignited two wisps of divine fire, he attacked the thousands of evil demons directly.

"Roar!"

Standing on the steel city wall, Wang Xian could hear the roars of the demonic beasts and the bloody aura.

Looking at the demonic beasts, he was a little puzzled. Where did these demonic beasts come from?

Why did they have the characteristics of the bug race?

The only difference was that the growth rate of the demonic beasts was much lower than that of the bug race.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

More than 500 members of the Starwood Combat Division flew over and twined around the demonic beasts.

The leader of the group ignited two wisps of Divine Fire Starwood Combat Division members and locked onto the Yao God at the front of Yao Xie!

"Roar! Roar!"

Suddenly, behind Yao Xie, a Yao Xie's body expanded explosively and emitted a monstrous evil aura!

Its eyes were blood-red as it ferociously attacked the Starwood Combat Division members.

"You're courting death!"

Ao Xingmu, who had been hiding in the back, looked at the cunning Yao Xie and revealed a cold expression!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, the branches that filled the sky enveloped all of them.

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, all of the demonic experts were enveloped and killed easily!

Wang Xian stood on the steel city wall and watched with a smile on his face.

After all, AO xingmu, who was comparable to nine wisps of divine fire, was able to kill thousands of demonic experts easily.

"Dragon King!"

Ao Xingmu and the rest flew over and placed the Demonic Beasts'corpses on the ground!

"Dragon King, the technology of the steel city wall can record the demonic beasts killed in the stronghold. These demonic beasts'corpses should be placed in a separate spot!"

Lei Dongxue walked over and reminded Wang Xian in a low voice.

"Can't I take half of them away now?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and said to her.

"No, you have to wait for a fixed time before you can collect the body of the demonic beasts or exchange for merit points!"

Lei Dongxue shook her head!

Wang Xian frowned and felt a little uncomfortable!

"Dragon King, this base of ours is considered a place where the demonic beasts seldom attack. Even so, you have seen the situation, Dragon King!"

"No one knows if there are stronger demonic beasts among the demonic beasts that are attacking us. Every time we clean up these invading demonic beasts, we can't let the experts of the nine wisps of divine fire attack continuously. Otherwise, the god of the nine wisps of divine fire won't be able to hold on!"

"This is the result of such a situation. If we're unlucky, it's very likely that the person who killed the demonic beasts won't be able to come back!"

Lei Dongxue told Wang Xian about the situation and experience here.

Wang Xian nodded slightly.

"Ahhhh!"

"This is bad. There are stronger demonic beasts among them. Sir, please save us!"

At this moment, screams of pain came from the side. Wang Xian looked over and narrowed his eyes slightly.

"We are the tenth stronghold here and the ninth one over there. That faction of the Northern Alliance is in trouble!"

Lei Dongxue said.

"No wonder eternal thunderclap would recruit all the factions in the northern region. Even eternal thunderclap can't withstand such a loss!"

Wang Xian said plainly.

"Dragon King, there are demons attacking again!"

At this moment, Ao Qitian's voice rang out.

Wang Xian looked ahead and saw a cloud of black fog flying towards them.

The black fog covered an area of 200 to 300 kilometers!

It was impossible to see how many demons were in the Black Fog.

"There's such a method?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. Lei Dongxue, who was beside him, nodded his head!

"A godly state member will lead a thousand members and charge over!"

Wang Xian stared into the black fog with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes and ordered immediately.

"Yes!"

The group of Dragon Palace members flew over immediately and charged towards Yao Xie who was in the black fog.

Following that, Yao Xie would definitely invade every ten minutes or so. There would be all kinds of methods and ambushes.

Fortunately, Wang Xian had the yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes. Otherwise, unless ao Qitian and the rest kept attacking, there would definitely be casualties!

In front of the entire steel city wall, the demonic roars and human screams were incessant.

Especially in the middle, the battle became even more intense.

"Get Ready, take the initiative to attack!"

An hour later, a voice suddenly sounded!

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, two to three million cultivators flew out from the back. The leaders were five armored thunder gods.

Some of them were wielding thunder hammers while others were wielding spears. Their bodies were emitting a terrifying aura. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The million-strong army was silent. Only a majestic aura was suspended in the air, causing one's heart to palpitate!

At least two hundred gods were standing behind the five Thunder Gods. It was extremely terrifying!

"It's time to attack!"

Wang Xian looked over and a hint of seriousness appeared on his face!

"Dragon King, prepare to attack!"

Lei dongxue whispered to him before floating in the air.

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace, line up!"

She shouted loudly!

"Hualala!"

Wang Xian gestured to the members of the Dragon Palace and floated behind Lei Dongxue.

"Disciples of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce, Follow Me!"

"Disciples of the god-burning dynasty, prepare for battle!"

Strong and confident shouts came from the right.

"The forces of the Northern Region Alliance will be the vanguard this time. Attack!"

In the sky, a thunder god shouted coldly.

Lei Dongxue led more than 10,000 members of the Dragon Palace towards the right.

Soon, they gathered together with more than six million forces of the Northern Region Alliance.

This time, almost 80% of the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance were mobilized.

There were 500 God realm experts alone.

"Buzz!"

At this moment, five figures suddenly came to the center of the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance.

"The Northern Territory Alliance will be led by the five of us in this battle. No force of the Northern Territory Alliance can disobey. Those who disobey will be killed!"

An old man wearing a bamboo hat shouted with a cold face.

"Huh?"

Everyone from the Northern Alliance was slightly shocked when they saw the five figures that suddenly floated in the air in front of them!

"What are they doing?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly and looked at them in astonishment.

"They want merit points! What a good plan. Although the ten of US disciples have recruited all the factions of the Northern Alliance and all the factions listen to our orders, those factions should consider the orders of the experts of the Northern Alliance!"

"The Northern Territory Alliance only has three peak deity realm experts. The other forces don't dare to refuse. If they really attack and kill those who disobey, we won't be able to protect them!"

Lei Dongxue's expression slightly changed as he solemnly said from the side.