Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2132: 2132, in the midst of a terrible battle,

in front of the steel wall, the president and vice-president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the leader of the Gate of God, and Lei Beichen Lei Tianming!

The five of them stood in the center of the position, exuding a powerful force, staring at all the forces of the Northern Alliance!

Three gods at the top, five or six million disciples of the Northern League, and about 500 gods.

When the Eternal Thunderclap's Reidong Linley and the others saw this scene, their faces slowly began to turn ugly.

They were doing this because they wanted to control the power of the entire Northern Alliance in their own hands, so that they could obtain the most merit points.

Although they had the authority to order the various powers of the Northern Alliance...

These powers, under the threat of the three peak-stage deities of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, had no choice but to obey!

Normally, as the most outstanding young generation of Eternal Thunderclap, they had the ability to make the various factions ignore the orders of the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine gate.

However, they still had to face Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming!

If they appeared, Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming would also appear.

As the first and second place winners of the Grand Competition not long ago, if they were to join forces, even if the other eight people were to join forces, it would be difficult for them to contend against them.

"Damn it, I didn't expect the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the bewitching divine gate to actually want to direct this war. Young Master Lei Donglin, if you can't stop them, we must listen to the orders of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the bewitching Divine Gate. Otherwise, once they take revenge on us...". "..."

When the emperor of the god-burning dynasty saw this scene, his expression was similarly unsightly as he spoke to lei donglin by his side.

In the entire Northern Region Alliance, only the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the demonic God sect had peak deity realm experts.

Now that the two factions had joined forces, they did not dare to disobey.

"If I step out to stop them, Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, and the others will also step out to stop them!"

Lei Donglin's expression was extremely ugly.

He looked at the other people around him and saw that their expressions were the same, filled with helplessness.

"There's nothing we can do!"

He shook his head in a low voice. He felt a little helpless.

"Then our God Burning God dynasty has nothing we can do!"

The emperor of the god Burning God dynasty said in a low voice. He looked at the five people in front of him and said directly, "Our god Burning God dynasty listens to the orders of the Guild leader and the sect leader!"

"We also listen to the orders of the five of you!"

Seeing that the god Burning God dynasty had responded, the other factions immediately spoke up as well!

"Hahaha, good, good!"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming looked at each other when they saw this scene. Their faces were filled with excitement.

"Next, I hope that everyone will obediently follow orders. Otherwise, you will regret it for the rest of your lives!"

Lei Beichen spoke out with a faint warning.

"Yes!"

The disciples of the Northern Region Alliance immediately responded loudly.

"It's not bad to be able to unite them. Let's Go!"

At this moment, a thunder god at the back said calmly.

"It's Lord Thunder God!"

"Let's Go!"

Lei beichen shouted loudly, high-spirited!

"Let's Go!"

The elder of light from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce also shouted loudly.

Five to six million troops immediately flew towards the void ahead.

"Wind-type cultivators with flying mounts, go ahead and scout the situation!"

"Flying wing sect, go ahead and Scout!"

In the dense area of meteorites ahead, no one knew if there was an evil spirit lurking behind these meteorites!

At this moment, the president of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce swept his gaze behind him, landing on a group of people with flying mounts and a sect.

He immediately gave the order.

The expressions of everyone from the flying wing sect changed slightly when they heard the order from the President of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

The expression of the youth who had recruited them, Eternal Shocking Thunder, was also incomparably ugly. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Going to investigate was undoubtedly the most dangerous!

One moment of carelessness could result in death!

"Yes!"

However, how could they dare to disobey at this moment? If they went to investigate, they would still have a chance of surviving. If they disobeyed, they would definitely perish in the future!

In an instant, more than a hundred thousand cultivators with green wings and mounts flew forward to investigate the situation.

"Ahhhh!"

After flying for only fifty to sixty kilometers, miserable screams sounded!

"There are more than ten thousand demons here!"

A disciple shouted with a face full of fear!

"There are also demons here!"

"We have demons here too!"

Following that, voices rang out one after another. Some disciples were being chased by thousands or even tens of thousands of demonic beasts.

Some were directly swallowed into their mouths!

"Northern Expedition trading company disciples, enchanting divine gate disciples, Kill!"

Danger was detected. Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming immediately ordered loudly.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

A group of disciples and gods immediately rushed over and killed yaoxie.

"Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming are really smart. They got the other factions to investigate the situation. After confirming that it was safe, they ordered the northern expedition trading company and the disciples of the enchanting celestial sect to take action. Such meritorious deeds are all theirs!"

"As the other factions did not fight with Yao Xie, although the people sent out to investigate were very dangerous, they could reduce the losses by a lot. They wouldn't have much of an opinion. Killing two birds with one stone!"

"The ones at a disadvantage are only me and the other seven disciples!"

Lei Dongxue looked ahead and said to Wang Xian.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly. A thoughtful look appeared on his face.

After being recruited to the front line, he had to think of a way to obtain a large number of Yao Xie's corpses. Otherwise, staying here would be under the control of others. Moreover, it would be very dangerous.

Boom! Boom! Boom

As the battle progressed, Wang Xian and the rest did not have the chance to make a move because of the presence of the northern expedition trading company and the disciples of the enchanting divine sect.

A large group of people were sent to scout ahead. After the northern expedition trading company and the disciples of the enchanting divine sect confirmed that they were safe, they made their move and killed them.

The huge group of people advanced forward rapidly.

Soon, they entered the dense meteor rocks.

However, more and more people died, especially those who went to investigate. Among the hundreds of thousands of people, at least 70% of them would die.

Meanwhile, the disciples of the Northern Expedition trading company, the enchanting divine sect, and even the godly state experts also began to die.

The battle was extremely tragic!

Wails, roars, and howls filled an area of tens of thousands of kilometers.

The deeper they went, the more terrifying the number of demonic beasts became. When they advanced about 500 kilometers, the number of demonic beasts around them had already reached hundreds of millions.

Among them, there were two to three hundred deity-level demonic beasts!

"Young Master Lei Beichen, we have to get everyone to take action. Otherwise, our northern expedition trading company will suffer too many losses!"

In the center, the Northern Expedition Trading Company's president said with an embarrassed expression when he saw the loss of his disciples.

"Sure!"

Beside him, Lei Beichen, whose face was filled with excitement, hesitated for a moment before slowly nodding his head.

If they were to let the Northern Expedition Trading Company fight alone again, the Northern Expedition Trading Company might have some objections!

"All factions, attack and kill Yaoxie!"

The leader of the enchanting God sect immediately ordered loudly from the side.

"Go, Go! Kill him!"

"Kill more Yaoxie from the demon lair!"

When Lei Tiansheng, Lei Donglin, and the rest heard the order, they immediately gave the order to the commandeering faction with an embarrassed expression!

"Let's begin too!"

A strong fighting spirit flashed in Wang Xian's eyes.

Although they could only obtain half of the bodies of the demonic beasts, it would still be a huge amount of resources if there were too many of them!