Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2133: 2133 disobeyed the order and died? Go

"Members of the Dragon Palace, maintain your formation!"

"Saturn turtles defend the front to prevent a large number of demonic beasts from charging over!"

"The Starwood Combat Division is behind the Saturn Turtles, attacking from a distance!"

"The Demon Combat Division and the Thunder Division are on the two wings!"

"The support division and the Heaven's Eye Arrow Division are at the back!"

On the void battleground that was filled with meteorites, Wang Xian stared at the hundreds of millions of demonic beasts in front of him and ordered loudly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

More than ten thousand members of the Dragon Palace responded loudly.

The Saturn Turtle, one of the subordinates that the transcendence continent had subdued, was now a dragon seed of the Dragon Palace.

They possessed extremely strong defensive capabilities and were not very strong in terms of offensive capabilities.

However, it was the best choice for them to defend the front.

The members of the Starwood Combat Division at the back were engaging in long-range attacks.

The Devil Combat Division and the Thunder Division were on the left and right. There were already ten berserk dragon species among them, and their combat strength was extremely violent.

The gods of the Dragon Palace who had ignited the godly fire locked onto those god-level demons.

"Kill, Kill!"

Ao Qitian roared and smashed the ocean-pacifying needle in his hand toward the front.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Sensing ao Qitian's violent power, a demon with nine wisps of godly fire in front of him charged toward him without fear.

Ao Qitian's blood-red Gouyu's eyes turned slightly, and he directly attacked that demonic fiend.

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

The 2,000 Saturn turtles at the forefront trembled slightly. Their bodies were enveloped by a thick earth elemental energy.

Their entire bodies were like a moving castle, and they charged forward directly.

The Saturn turtles in a row charged forward with a shocking power!

They charged into Yaoxie's army without any fear.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Yaoxie's blood-red eyes stared at them as he charged forward.

Looking at this bloody battlefield from afar was terrifying!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At the rear, the members of the heavenly eye archery division drew their bows and shot arrows.

Tens of thousands of arrows charged forward.

Mou Zesen and the other two god-level archers, in particular, shot arrows one after another, instantly piercing through tens of thousands of demons.

In just one round of attack, they had killed hundreds of thousands of demons.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The members of the Demon War Division and the Thunder Division attacked the demons one by one from the two wings.

With the help of the water-elemental dolphins at the rear, the sky-blue light on their bodies circulated.

Special sound waves reverberated throughout the battlefield of the Dragon Palace, supporting the members of the Dragon Palace and suppressing Yaoxie.

The orderly attacking methods tore a hole in Yaoxie's army.

After the Saturn Turtle blocked the first wave of attacks, Yaoxie was entangled by countless thorns.

As the most powerful combat division of the Dragon Palace, the Star Wood Combat Division, once they ignited the divine fire, they were comparable to the MAD Dragon.

Under such circumstances, Yao Xie would be killed quickly in the face of their attacks.

In addition to the fact that the members of the Dragon Palace had the combat strength of at least a rank nine demigod, more than 10,000 members of the Dragon Palace could match the army of millions of other forces.

In fact, the members of the Dragon Palace suffered very little losses due to their perfect cooperation.

Since the Dragon Palace was founded, it had experienced more than a dozen wars of all sizes, all of which were extremely terrifying.

The experience and coordination of each member of the Dragon Palace was not something that an ordinary army could compare to.

One by one, evil demons fell under the bodies of the members of the Dragon Palace.

"This... is so powerful!"

Lei Dongxue was shocked when he saw the Battle of the members of the Dragon Palace for the first time.

The lowest level of combat strength of a rank nine demigod was defense, attack, long-range, and support!

Under the precise coordination, he was like a demonic harvester. His killing speed was even comparable to that of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the Demonic God sect.

One had to know that the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the demonic God sect had more than a million disciples!

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian heard Lei Dongxue's evaluation from the side, a faint smile appeared on his face.

The current Dragon Palace was not complete. The most powerful demonic beast in assassination was not around, and the Dragon Guards with strong killing power were no longer around.

The strongest ao crab was not around either.

"There are no more than three legions of eternal thunderclap that are comparable to your Dragon Palace Army, Dragon King!"

Lei Dongxue said with some flattery.

Wang Xian smiled and quietly hovered in the air as he watched the battle in front of him. He did not make a move.

"HMM? What force is that? More than 15,000 people actually have such a terrifying force. Even the core battle team of eternal thunderclap is only so-so!"

At the last position of the battlefield, the five thunder gods led millions of disciples.

They didn't take action now, so there was no need for them to take action since there were so many demons.

One of the Thunder Gods looked at the Dragon Palace with surprise in his eyes.

"It's indeed very strong. It's controlled by that girl Lei Dongxue. It should be the Dragon Palace. It's a new force, and there seem to be a lot of god-level experts!"

A thunder god said.

"It's a good choice to recruit other forces. It can reduce our losses!"

"This force is really good. More than 10,000 people can make up a few million corps. We can ask the Lord God to take them in the future!"

A thunder god said with surprise in his eyes.

"Sky!"

At this moment, the 3,000 members of the Starwood Combat Division shouted in unison on the battlefield where the Dragon Palace was.

The branches covered an area of five to six hundred kilometers in an instant. Their battlefield was completely covered.

Millions of demons were instantly covered!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In an instant, miserable screams were heard. One demon after another was lifted into the air and pierced through by thorns!

"What? How could the Dragon Palace be so powerful? !"

The horrifying scene from the Dragon Palace attracted the attention of many forces around.

When they saw the thorns from the dragon palace dragging millions of demonic beasts into the air, they were shocked.

More than 3,000 people killed millions of demonic beasts in one move.

Although there were seven or eight God realm experts among the 3,000 people, this scene was too terrifying!

"Damn it, how can the forces of the Dragon Palace be so powerful?"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming, who were in the center, saw this scene and their faces darkened.

Killing Yaoxie meant merit points. The more they killed, the higher their merit points would be.

The reason why they joined forces was to suppress the other disciples.

They had never thought that the dragon palace would be so terrifying!

They had killed millions of Yaoxie with one move. If they continued to kill, their merit points might be surpassed by Lei Dongxue!

The two of them looked at each other, their faces slightly embarrassed.

"We can't let the Dragon Palace continue to fight like this!"

Lei beichen growled in a low voice.

Lei Tianming also nodded heavily.

"This Dragon Palace is really surprising!"

The bright elder of the northern expedition trading company swept his gaze over, his eyes shining.

"Their strength is indeed very strong. Young Masters, there's no need to be anxious. It's just the beginning. They only have ten thousand people. When they encounter powerful demons and suffer heavy losses, their combat strength will naturally be much weaker than before!"

The President of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce didn't take the Dragon Palace seriously and said indifferently!