Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2134: 2134 disobeyed the order and died

"That's true!"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming's eyes shone when they heard the Northern Expedition's Guild Leader's words.

No matter how strong the Dragon Palace was, there was no peak divine realm existence!

No matter how strong they were, they only had over 10,000 members.

If they lost 7,000 to 8,000 members, it would be enough to cause them severe injuries!

There was nothing to worry about!

"Then I'll have to trouble you in a while, Guild Leader!"

Lei Beichen said to the Guild leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company with a smile on his face.

The Guild leader of the Northern Expedition trading company nodded his head faintly.

"What kind of Demon Beast is that? To actually have such methods, it's truly extraordinary!"

At the back, a thunder god's gaze was fixed on the members of the Star Wood combat division as he exclaimed in shock.

"If such a force is recruited by Eternal Shocking Thunder..."

"We'll talk about it after this war is over!"

A thunder god spoke, and a thunder god beside him interrupted him.

After the Thunder God heard this, he fell silent for a moment and then nodded.

If he really recruited this force into eternal shocking thunder, after the thunder god Lord saw the potential and strength of the other party, he might be interested in talents!

This was not a good thing for eternal shocking Thunder's current army.

After all, with the invasion of demons, someone had to stand at the front line!

If this force was not at the front line, the other forces of Eternal Shocking Thunder would be at the front line!

Out of selfishness, even if the dragon palace was very strong and had great potential, they would not recruit it.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Blood splattered everywhere on the battlefield. All the disciples of the forces were bloodthirsty!

The blood even condensed into a bloody mist in the sky.

Yao Xie's screams and the deaths of humans echoed in the area covered by meteorites.

Dozens of people died every second in every force.

Only the disciples of the Dragon Palace were killing Yao Xie in an orderly manner.

The Saturn Turtle was defending in front, forming an indestructible defense.

The two-winged demon combat division and the Thunder Division rarely died in close combat with the help of dolphins.

The Star Wood Combat Division and the Sky Eye Arrow division behind were the Grim Reapers, killing crazily.

The Dragon Palace suffered very little losses.

The yaoxie they killed was comparable to the northern expedition trading company.

One had to know that the northern expedition trading company had 1.5 million disciples who were at least at the demigod level.

The battle continued to unfold. Ten minutes later, Ao Qitian killed the nine wisps of divine fire evil demon.

The battle continued to advance forward, bit by bit.

From the first 500 kilometers, they continued to slaughter their way in for more than 1,000 kilometers.

Hundreds of millions of demons were slowly being killed!

"The injured disciples are at the back to heal!"

Seeing that the demons'resistance was getting smaller and smaller, some of the demons flew toward the center of the damage.

The voice of a thunder god resounded in everyone's ears.

"Phew!"

This made the injured disciples slightly relieved. At least eternal shocking thunder didn't force them to die!

"Thank you, Lord Thunder God!"

Hundreds of thousands of injured disciples immediately flew back and arrived behind eternal shocking thunder and the other factions.

Their safety was greatly guaranteed!

"We have only stepped into 1,500 kilometers. This time, we will kill our way into one of Yaoxie's strongholds!"

Thunder God continued to give orders.

"Set off!"

At the front, Lei beichen shouted loudly and the entire team proceeded forward.

Yaoxie's corpse had already been put away. With the record of the technology of the steel planet, it was clear which faction had killed Yaoxie of what level!

Five to six million disciples had died in the battle just now, at least a million or so.

One had to know that all of them were experts at the lowest demigod level. It was extremely tragic!

As they continued to move forward, everyone had a solemn expression on their faces.

In the face of such a tragic war, everyone had to brace themselves.

After flying for more than 500 kilometers, they did not encounter any attacks from Yaoxie. This caused everyone to frown slightly.

"Yaoxie knows that we are here. She should have set up an ambush in front or be prepared to wait for us!"

Lei Dongxue looked around with vigilance on his face.

Wang Xian's dragon eyes of Yin Yang and the five elements were opened as he scanned his surroundings.

The bloody smell that came from the void indicated that Yaoxie had not left.

"Devil's Lair! That's the Devil's Lair!"

At this moment, exclamations sounded from the front.

Wang Xian looked over and saw numerous huge devil's lairs a few hundred kilometers ahead.

There were ten demon caves, and each of them had an entrance that was more than 100,000 meters wide.

Looking over, it was like an abyss.

These demon caves stood above the huge meteorites. The Dark Demon Caves gave off a terrifying aura.

"This demon cave is about ten times bigger than the one on Earth!"

Wang Xian mumbled.

"You guys deal with the four demon caves. Leave the remaining six to us!"

At this moment, eternal thunderclap and the rest of the thundergods led their disciples to the front.

They looked at the Northern Alliance and said calmly.

"It's Lord Thundergod!"

Lei beichen and the rest nodded immediately. They turned around and looked at the ten gigantic demon caves in front of them. Their faces were filled with solemnity.

"Lock onto the six demon caves and attack with energy!"

The five thunder gods of Eternal Shocking Thunder had already given the order to attack from the side!

"Our Northern Expedition Trading Company will lead three forces to attack two devil dens!"

"The enchanting God sect will take on one!"

"The god Burning God dynasty will lead four forces to attack one devil den!"

"The Dragon Palace will take on one devil den alone!"

"If there is a peak-stage god Realm Yaoxie, we will try our best to pin him down or even kill him. We will attack immediately!"

At this moment, the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company turned around and ordered all the forces of the Northern Alliance

"No one is to disobey, or else..."

Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, and the others swept their gazes over, their eyes filled with warning!

"Oh? Why is the Dragon Palace fighting against a demon den alone? !"

Lei Dongxue's expression changed slightly when he heard their words, and he asked in embarrassment.

"There's no reason. This is an order!"

Lei Beichen and the others revealed smiles on their faces as they looked at Lei Dongxue. "Ask them if they dare to disobey the northern expedition trading company and the bewitching Divine Gate's orders."

"So what if they disobey? HMPH, what? The Northern Expedition Trading Company and the bewitching divine gate still dare to suppress me?"

Lei Dongxue stared at the three peak deity realm experts without the slightest bit of fear.

The president of the Northern Expedition trading company frowned slightly and looked at Lei Beichen.

"They don't dare to suppress you, but we do. You Won't be able to protect the Dragon Palace. Dongxue, I've offended you this time!"

Lei Tianming said plainly to Lei Dongxue.

"Disobey the order and die!"

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company looked at the Dragon Palace and shouted coldly.

"Die? Hehe, I disobeyed. What can you do to me?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Wang Xian looked at the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the flirtatious divine gate, Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, and the rest with a cold expression on his face!

Are you qualified to order them?