Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2135: 2135 disobeyed the order and died

"Die? Hehe, I disobeyed. What can you do to Me?"

"This... The Dragon King... he actually dared to..."

When everyone heard the Dragon King's words, the surrounding forces were slightly shocked and filled with shock.

The Dragon King actually dared to disobey the orders of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the leader of the enchanting divine gate, as well as the orders of the Eternal Thunderclap, Northern Thunder, Northern Thunder, and Lei Tianming.

After all, there were three peak godly state existences in front of them.

"Is the Dragon King Courting Death? If he openly disobeys the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine gate, he will probably be destroyed in the future!"

Some people thought to themselves as they looked at the Dragon Palace in unison.

All the forces had witnessed the strength of the Dragon Palace just now. It was definitely a terrifying existence.

However, this strength was still far inferior to the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine sect.

The eyes of the Northern Expedition Trading Company's president and the enchanting divine sect's sect master focused. They looked at Wang Xian with an ice-cold expression. Their eyes flickered with a cold murderous intent.

"Dragon King, I think you guys don't want to live anymore!"

The elder of light narrowed his eyes slightly and spoke in a sinister tone.

"Dragon Palace, you dare to disobey the orders of three peak-stage godly state experts? Do You Want to die? If you want to die, we'll Grant You Your Wish!"

As soon as the old man finished speaking, Lei Donglin, who was standing to the side, suddenly spoke up.

Based on the current situation, he could tell that Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming wanted to use the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine gate to weaken the Dragon Palace's strength.

If they were to deal with a devil den alone, they would definitely suffer a huge loss. If there was a peak divine realm Yaoxie inside, it might be a devastating blow.

However, if the Dragon Palace were to face a demon cave alone, it would be a burden to the other forces. He was naturally happy to see that.

"That's right, Dragon King. You'd better listen to the orders and think of the big picture!"

The emperor of the god-burning God dynasty said with a faint smile on his face!

"That's right. How dare you disobey the orders of three peak-stage godly state lords? You are very powerful, but don't be arrogant!"

"Your Dragon Palace's strength is obvious to all. You have the strength to fight against a demon cave alone. I agree with the Three Peak Divine Realm Lords!"

"That's right, that's right. We've already given our orders before we came!"

As the Emperor of the god-burning God dynasty spoke, the other forces around immediately echoed.

The Dragon Palace's pressure would be much less if they fought against a demon cave, and their losses would also be much less. They were naturally happy to see that.

Now that the Dragon King did not agree, they immediately stood on the side of the northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine sect.

"Haha, to fight against the demonic beasts, those who have the ability to survive will have to rely on their own abilities!"

When Wang Xian heard their words, he swept his gaze across them one by one. His face was filled with ridicule.

He laughed out loud and waved his arm. Four streams of majestic energy directly attacked the four demon lairs.

"You're courting death!"

When the Northern Expedition Trading Company, Lei Beichen and the rest saw Wang Xian making his move, their expressions changed slightly!

"Oh no!"

Especially those small factions, when they saw this scene, they revealed an embarrassed expression.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

However, it was too late for them to defend themselves. The four streams of energy entered the demon caverns and a terrifying explosion was heard.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In less than a second, furious roars were heard from the demon cave. It sounded like the roars of millions of demonic beasts.

"Four demon caves. Isn't it better to deal with them together?"

When Wang Xian heard the roars from the Demon Cave, a smile appeared on his face.

"Damn it, Dragon Palace, just you wait!"

The leader of the demonic God sect's face turned cold as he shouted sternly.

"Prepare to face the enemy!"

After saying that, he shouted loudly.

At this moment, it was obviously not the time for internal strife. All the factions held their weapons tightly with an embarrassed look on their faces as they waited for Yao Xie to charge out from the demon cave.

"This Dragon King is really arrogant!"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming looked at each other with an embarrassed look on their faces.

Once they fought together, with the Dragon Palace's terrifying combat strength and teamwork, they would definitely be able to kill as many demons as the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the others.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Before anyone could think further, numerous blood-red eyes appeared in the demon cave, densely packed together.

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

At this moment, a sharp cry came from one of the demon caves, and it was different from the other demon caves!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

In the next moment, tens of thousands of demons with huge bone wings and sharp heads rushed out.

Behind them, numerous demons of the same type followed.

"Roar! Roar!"

Soon after, tens of thousands of demons rushed out from the other four demon caves and charged at them.

"Prepare for battle! Attack!"

The elder of light shouted loudly. All the disciples immediately gripped their weapons tightly.

The northern expedition trading company and the enchanting divine sect, who were located in the center, were the first to face the attacks of the evildoers. They immediately released streams of energy.

"Prepare for battle!"

Wang Xian ordered the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

"Yes!"

As usual, they used the Saturn turtle to defend the front. Each and every one of them was floating in the sky like a moving fortress, waiting for the evildoers who were charging towards them!

"Chirp, Chirp!"

At this moment, an ear-piercing screech filled with violence suddenly resounded through the void. A flying Yao Xie that was at least 10,000 meters in size flew out from the demon cave!

"Peak deity realm, a peak deity realm Yao Xie has appeared!"

Yao Xie, who was at the peak deity realm, directly attacked them. Everyone's expression changed slightly as they cried out in fear.

"Let me do it!"

A hint of solemnity appeared on the face of the elder of light. He shouted in a deep voice and immediately went forward to welcome them!

"At least one billion Yao Xie have come out. There are so many of them!" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Wang Xian looked into the demon cave with a solemn expression on his face.

His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes stared at the demon cave. Once there were seven or eight or even more peak of the godly state Yao Xie, he would leave this place with the members of the Dragon Palace without hesitation.

"Dragon King, with our strength, we shouldn't be in too much danger. This is the counterattack plan that eternal thunderclap came up with after a detailed investigation!"

Lei Dongxue said to Wang Xian from the side.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded. He didn't make a move and stood quietly behind the Dragon Palace.

With the strength of the Dragon Palace, it shouldn't be too much of a problem to fight against a demon lair alone. However, it was better to be safe than sorry.

He couldn't listen to the arrangements of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

Violent sounds of fighting could be heard from the surroundings.

Nearly a hundred deity realm demons rushed out from each demon cave.

The Gods of the Northern Territory Alliance immediately went up to fight them!

It seemed as if endless demons were rushing out from the demon caves.

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

At this moment, roars that shook the sky came from the other two demon caves.

"Eh? There are two more peak God realm evil spirits!"

The eyes of the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the leader of the charming God sect narrowed!

"President of the trading company, see if you can send one evil spirit to the Dragon Palace and let them know the consequences of disobeying orders!"

At this moment, Lei Beichen suddenly said when he saw the dragon palace crazily hunting the demon!