Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2136: 2136 lured them away

"That's right, they dare to disobey our orders and make them pay!"

Lei Tianming's expression was slightly malevolent as he echoed lei beichen.

The Dragon King disobeyed their orders and caused this situation. This made them hold a grudge!

They must make the Dragon Palace know the consequences of disobeying their orders!

If they could lure a peak-god-level demonic beast to their position, they would definitely cause the dragon palace to suffer a huge loss!

"Huh?"

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company raised his eyebrows and stared at the peak-god-level demonic beast flying toward the battlefield, his eyes shining.

"Leave it to me, I have an idea!"

The leader of the charming God's sect suddenly said with a cunning look on his face. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Oh? The seductive divine gate leader has an idea? If that's the case, let the Dragon Palace put in more effort, Hehe!"

The leader of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce said with a smile.

"Just watch!"

The seductive divine gate leader smiled faintly. He waved his arm and a long spear appeared in his hand.

"Spear like a dragon!"

He growled and a metal attribute light directly attacked the peak-stage god-level demonic beast.

"Roar!"

Yao Xie waved his terrifying tail and swept toward the metal spear.

"Bang!"

The metal spear shattered, and his blood-red eyes locked onto the gate master.

With a roar, Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, charged toward him.

"Swoosh!"

The gate master moved and flew toward the sky above the Dragon Palace.

It was only 100 kilometers away from the Dragon Palace, which was very close to the peak of the godly state.

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

While flying, he attacked the peak of the godly state Yao Xie with his long spear.

Yao Xie chased after him, and black flames shot toward him!

"Swoosh!"

When they were about to reach the sky above the Dragon Palace, the leader moved his hand, and a bright dark divine pearl appeared in his hand.

The Divine Darkness Pearl emitted a dark luster and looked like a black gem.

He waved his arm and the divine darkness pearl directly floated 10,000 meters above the Dragon Palace.

Such a position was already within the range of attack for Yao Xie who was at the peak of the godly state.

"Roar Roar!"

As expected, when Yao Xie saw the Divine Darkness Pearl, his blood-red eyes revealed a greedy look.

He swayed his huge body and charged forward.

"That's right. The Divine Darkness Pearl has a fatal attraction to Yaoxie. The Dragon Palace is going to suffer!"

"Even if we gather the entire Dragon Palace's strength, it will be difficult to kill that peak God Realm Yaoxie!"

"I'll go deal with the other peak God Realm Yaoxie!"

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company smiled when he saw this scene.

As he spoke, his gaze locked onto another demon at the peak of the godly state and he charged straight at it!

"Hehe, Dragon Palace? Dragon King? Soon, you will know the consequences of disobeying orders!"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming's lips curled up slightly as they looked on with smiles on their faces.

"HMM?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was floating behind the Dragon Palace, saw the leader of the demonic God sect charging over with a demon at the peak of the godly state.

He even threw a divine darkness pearl to the sky above the members of the Dragon Palace. He narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Let the Dragon Palace deal with this demon. Consider it your punishment for disobeying orders!"

The enchanting divine sect leader was floating 10,000 meters above the divine darkness pearl. When he saw the demon opening its mouth and swallowing the divine pearl, he said with a cold smile.

"Go Down!"

At the same time, the long spear in his hand pointed toward the demonic beast below.

A golden glow seemed to pierce through the void as it attacked the demonic beast directly.

Once it hit, the demonic beast would fall toward the ground below.

Below it was the position of the members of the Dragon Palace.

"You are courting death!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, a strong murderous intent shot out from his face.

"Crash!"

The uninitiated holy wings appeared directly behind him. The five elements grinding mill slowly appeared above his head!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the demonic beast saw the attack from the leader of the demonic faction, it let out a furious roar. Its sharp tail went straight for the golden glow.

"Buzz!"

A muffled sound of collision rang out. A dot of golden glow dissipated and the sharp tail continued to attack him.

"Get lost!"

He roared angrily, and the long spear in his hand shook out streaks of golden light. In a short second, hundreds of thousands of golden lights appeared, densely covering Yaoxie.

He had used all of his strength in this attack!

He was confident that Yaoxie would fall heavily downwards!

"Buzz!"

However, just as he had just finished performing this move, an intense sense of danger enveloped his heart.

At this moment, his heart seemed to have stopped beating, and cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

"Not good!"

Someone had launched a sneak attack!

This was his first reaction!

"You want to harm our Dragon Palace? Die!"

A cold voice entered his ears, and a blood-red longsword slashed toward him from top to bottom!

"Damn it, how could it be him!"

His expression changed drastically, and he quickly dodged to the side.

He did not expect that someone would sneak attack him at this time!

He did not expect that the Dragon King could actually bring him a sense of threat of death.

He had just performed a move, and he did not expect it at all!

"Ah!"

A heart-wrenching pain spread throughout his body. He felt as if his body had been cut into two!

His face was filled with horror as he let out a miserable cry. His entire body shot out a terrifying golden light as he dodged to the side!

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, he heard the roar of Yaoxie coming from below.

"HMM? Consider Yourself Lucky!"

The Dragon King's voice resounded in his mind once again. He looked over and saw the Dragon King heading towards Yaoxie, who was at the peak of the godly state, to attack him.

The Charming sect master, who had flown 50 kilometers away in an instant, felt a chill run down his spine.

Through his spiritual senses, he found that one-third of his body had been cut off from his ear all the way to his shoulder.

His bloody body made him look extremely miserable.

If he was not a peak-stage godly state expert, this attack would have caused him to lose 50% of his combat strength.

Even so, he was still severely injured!

"Damn it, damn it, Dragon King, you are actually an expert at the peak of the Godly State!"

He roared furiously. The bloody flesh that had been cut off began to squirm and slowly began to recover!

However, the energy required for the body to recover was very huge!

"What, what happened?"

"Just now, leader Yao Ye brought a peak godly state Yao Xie to the Dragon Palace, but he was ambushed and severely injured by the Dragon King. The Dragon King is also a peak godly state expert!"

"Leader Yao Ye was seriously injured!"

Some people around were slightly shocked!

"How is this possible? The Dragon King... The Dragon King is also a peak godly state expert!"

At this moment, Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming, who had been paying attention to the situation, looked extremely embarrassed!