Chapter 2137: 2137, who was at the peak of the godly state, had fallen

"You have ulterior motives. Do you still want to harm our Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian controlled the five elements millstone to withstand the attack of Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state. With a cold expression, he swept his gaze across the bewitching sect leader, Northern Expedition Trading Company, Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, and the rest. Then, he growled in a low voice.

"Dragon King!"

The bewitching sect leader's body was trembling slightly. His expression was extremely ugly. He was roaring in his heart and was filled with killing intent.

However, when he saw Wang Xian easily resisting Yaoxie who was at the peak of the godly state, a hint of fear flashed across his eyes.

The Dragon King was at the peak of the godly state. The strength of the entire Dragon Palace was already stronger than the flirtatious sect!

"That Dragon King is an existence at the peak of the Godly State!"

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, who was fighting with a peak of the godly state, swept his gaze over and immediately frowned.

A Dragon Palace with a peak-stage godly state expert was a completely different concept from a dragon palace without a peak-stage godly state expert.

With a peak-stage expert in charge, even the northern expedition trading company had to attach great importance to it.

"Kill!"

Wang Xian let out a cold roar and a cold murderous aura spread out in all directions.

This murderous aura was not only to face the demonic evil in front of him, but also to show off his strength to the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the Demonic God's sect.

It also let them know that not everyone in the Dragon Palace could give orders.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, stared at Wang Xian with her blood-red eyes. She waved her huge and ferocious claws and attacked him.

"Let's test my current strength too!"

Wang Xian smiled wantonly. He stared at Yao Xie's claws without any fear.

He raised his right palm!

Buzz

His entire right arm turned into a dragon claw that was more than a thousand meters in size!

"Dragonnation in the palm!"

He shouted softly. The thousand-meter-sized claw instantly expanded to a size of 100,000 meters.

It blotted out the sky and the sun, completely blotting out the sun.

Even Yao Xie's terrifying figure appeared extremely tiny in front of Wang Xian's Dragon Claw.

Boom

A palm strike struck down and a terrifying vibration was emitted. The surrounding air currents surged violently.

Under this terrifying force, the demonic evil was sent flying backward!

"It has been a long time since I used a dharma idol like the dragonnation in my palm. It seems that as my strength has increased, my dharma idol has also received a huge boost!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly.

He was floating in mid-air with a Dragon Claw on his arm that was 100,000 meters long. He looked extremely tiny.

However, he was floating in mid-air with his arm at the side. He looked extremely shocking.

"Hiss, this... This Dragon King's strength is so terrifying. What kind of Claw is that?"

Lei Beichen and Lei Tianming, who had been watching this scene from the side, narrowed their eyes when they saw this scene. Their faces were filled with shock.

"So Powerful!"

Even the leader of the enchanting God sect looked over with a grave expression.

"Roar!"

However, at this moment, a roar sounded from the last demon cave, causing the leader of the enchanting God sect to change his expression slightly.

He hurriedly looked over, and when he saw another peak deity realm demonic beast appear, his expression changed slightly.

"A demon cave and a peak deity realm demonic beast!"

His gaze swept across the surroundings. Two peak of the godly state from the northern expedition trading company were fighting against the other two peak of the godly state demons.

At this moment, he could only make his move!

Feeling his weak body, he gritted his teeth and attacked the demon directly.

"Roar!"

In the air, the peak of the godly state demon that was sent flying by Wang Xian let out a ferocious roar as it swayed its huge tail slightly.

His entire tail was exuding a terrifying demonic flame!

"Roar!"

He let out a furious roar and his tail grew longer. He swept his tail at Wang Xian.

"Bang!"

Wang Xian waved his dragon claw. The glow of the Yin and yang poles on it flickered and collided with it again.

Another dull collision sounded. A long bloody scar appeared on Wang Xian's Dragon Claw.

Crack! Crack

He clenched his Dragon Claw tightly and threw a punch!

Boom

There was another collision. This time, the furious Yao Xie opened his huge mouth and bit on the Dragon Claw. Wang Xian's Dragon Claw was bleeding profusely!

However, more than a dozen of Yao Xie's sharp teeth had been shaken off!

The terrifying battle filled a radius of tens of millions of kilometers. Meteorites were shattered and fresh blood splattered everywhere!

On the side, Eternal Thunderclap's five thunder gods were fighting against six peak deity realm Yao Xie.

The remaining few million disciples were fighting against the rest of Yao Xie.

Compared to this side, their side was equally miserable. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Although Eternal Thunderclap's two to three million disciples maintained their formation to attack, they were still a few million fewer than the Northern Territory Alliance.

Faced with a billion or even two to three billion Yao Xie, people died every second.

"The Dragon Palace has long-range, close-range, defense, and support. They've lost so little on such a cruel battlefield

"Moreover, the number of demons they've killed is increasing at a terrifying speed. In the future, the number of demons killed by the disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company might not even be as many as theirs!"

Lei Beichen and the others looked in the direction of the Dragon Palace, their faces full of embarrassment.

The formation was complete, and the Dragon Palace, with its heaven-defying coordination, suffered little losses. They had killed many evildoers.

This made them somewhat angry!

The two of them working together were actually inferior to the Dragon Palace!

"Let's attack as well!"

Looking at the densely packed evildoers around them, Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, and the others also entered the battlefield, wantonly slaughtering them.

The roars continued, and corpses slowly floated in the air.

There were demons and humans.

In half an hour, the number of demons had decreased by two-thirds.

As for the Northern Territory Alliance and Eternal Thunderclap, they had lost at least one-third of their numbers!

"Seven elements space, die!"

A million meters above the Dragon Palace, the five elements Millstone was suspended in the sky above Yao Xie. The poles of yin and Yang were located below.

After fighting for half an hour, a few wounds appeared on Wang Xian's body.

At this moment, Wang Xian seized the opportunity to use the seven luminaries space.

A sure-kill move!

"Phew, it's finally over!"

He heaved a sigh of relief. All kinds of energy landed on Yaoxie and killed him completely.

"Die!"

On the other side, the president of the Northern Expedition trading company shouted. Sharp bamboos shot out from the bamboo hat on his head!

The Bamboos were extremely sharp. Hundreds of thousands of bamboos stabbed into the body of Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state.

He had also killed Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the Godly State!

"Huh?"

When he heaved a sigh of relief, his eyes flickered when he saw that Wang Xian had killed Yao Xie even earlier than him!

"Come and help me, help me!"

At this moment, the voice of the leader of the demonic faction suddenly rang out, attracting everyone's attention.

"Leader!"

When the god realm experts and disciples of the seductive God sect saw the miserable state of their leader's body, their expressions changed slightly.

On his body, two of his legs were completely cut off. He did not even have time to recover. He was only relying on his body to fight!

Yaoxie in front of him was completely suppressing him!

If this continued, he might die!