Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2138: 2138 peak of the godly state had fallen

There were four demon caves and four peak of the godly state Yao Xie.

It would take a long time to kill the other party in a battle of the same peak of the godly state.

Unless there was a huge gap between the two of them in the same level, or the two of them would fight with their lives on the line at the very beginning!

Other than that, it was normal for the battle to last for half an hour.

Wang Xian and the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company could kill Yao Xie of the same level within half an hour. They were considered to be the stronger ones among the same level!

The old man of light and the leader of the bewitching celestial sect were still fighting against Yao Xie.

The old man of light was still fine. He was not seriously injured when fighting against Yao Xie. However, the leader of the bewitching celestial sect was in a rather miserable state.

Before he fought against that Yao Xie, he had already suffered a blow from Wang Xian. That blow had caused him to be severely injured. He could at most unleash 70% of his strength.

Under such circumstances, he was immediately suppressed when he faced Yao Xie who was at the peak of the Godly State!

Now, he was even more miserable!

When he saw the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company killing Yao Xie, he immediately cried out for help!

"Our sect leader was injured by the Dragon Palace before the battle. The situation is a little dangerous now!"

"Damn it, it's all because of that Dragon King. If it wasn't for..."

Some of the charming divine sect's disciples and godly state experts saw this scene and their expressions changed slightly. They growled in a low voice.

"Guild leader, please lend a hand!"

Lei Tianming saw the charming divine sect's sect leader in such a situation and immediately said to the Guild leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company with an embarrassed expression.

The Guild leader of the Northern Expedition trading company gently adjusted his bamboo hat and nodded his head slowly.

"Alright!"

He shouted softly and was about to make his move.

"HMM?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was hovering above the members of the Dragon Palace, saw that the leader of the charming divine sect was in danger. He revealed a smile on his face.

When he saw that the president of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce was about to go forward to provide support, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

A wave of cold air directly charged toward the president of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce.

The cold murderous aura was not concealed at all. It was completely locked onto him!

Boom

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company sensed this murderous aura. He was stunned and immediately turned around to look at Wang Xian.

"What's wrong, Dragon King? Are you going to make an enemy out of our Northern Expedition Trading Company?"

He stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression and asked in a sinister tone.

"HMM? Then what is the Dragon King going to do?"

When some of the people around saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly.

"How can that be? My Dragon Palace doesn't dare to be your enemy. Since You've killed a demonic beast, you should take a break!"

"Let's both take a break too. Don't cause trouble for no reason!"

Wang Xian said to the guild leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company with a smile on his face.

The leader of the seductive divine gate had attracted the demonic beast, who was at the peak of the godly state, over. He wanted to cause trouble for the Dragon Palace!

If Wang Xian's strength had not improved to four wisps of divine fire not long ago, the Dragon Palace might have been doomed this time!

How could Wang Xian let him off just like that!

"Huh?"

The face of the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company changed slightly. He stared at him coldly.

Wang Xian stared at the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company coldly as well. Once the other party made a move, he would make his move.

He did not want to inflict serious injuries or even kill him. All he wanted was to pin him down!

"Dragon King, this is a battlefield. It's a little too much for you to do this at this moment!"

The president of the Northern Expedition trading company said to Wang Xian indifferently.

"Hehe, why didn't you say it was a battlefield when you lured that demonic beast over just now?"

Wang Xian stared at him coldly and gripped the dragon blood sword in his hand slightly!

"Dragon King, how dare you! If you dare to stop the President of the Northern Expedition Trading Company from saving him, I will report this matter to our Lord Eternal Thunderbolt God. When the time comes, Your Dragon Palace will be awaiting judgment!"

Lei tianming shouted at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression when he saw that Wang Xian was actually stopping him!

His words were filled with threats!

"Judgment? Lei Tianming, you are not qualified to say such words. Everyone knows clearly that the leader of the flirtatious divine sect has ulterior motives just now. It is already good enough that we didn't kill him on the spot!"

Before Wang Xian could speak, Lei Dongxue flew to Wang Xian's side and spoke to Lei Tianming fearlessly!

"I will bear the consequences of this matter!"

She added in the end, full of force!

"Lei Dongxue, you..."

Lei Tianming's expression changed slightly as he glared at him while gritting his teeth!

"HMPH, don't think that I don't know what you and Lei Beichen are planning. You want to make the demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state to weaken the power of the Dragon Palace. You Don't want me to obtain more merit points. Today, the Dragon Palace will stop the Northern Expedition trading company from making a move. What can you do to me?"

Lei Dongxue raised his head slightly.

"You, you..."

Lei Tianming was a little flustered and exasperated, his body trembling.

Lei beichen also frowned. When the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company saw the battle between the Eternal Shocking Thunder Disciples, he remained silent!

Once the Dragon King made a move to stop him, he wouldn't be able to help the leader of the enchanting divine sect!

"This Dragon King... they... they..."

The disciples of the enchanting divine sect trembled when they saw this scene. They looked extremely aggrieved. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Ah!"

At the same time, the leader of the enchanting divine sect, who was fighting with Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, heard their conversation. He was distracted and was directly hit by Yao Xie.

Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, pierced through his body with the tip of his sharp tail, causing him to let out a miserable cry.

Everyone looked over at the same time, and their expressions changed drastically.

"This is bad!"

When Lei Tianming and the other disciples of the enchanting divine sect saw this situation, they were horrified!

"Save me, president of the Chamber of Commerce, save me!"

He shouted at the president of the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce.

Boom

Wang Xian's body trembled as the five elements millstone appeared above his head. He stared in the direction of the president of the enchanting divine sect!

"You brought this upon yourself. You Can't Live!"

He said coldly as his gaze landed on the leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

Once he made his move, he would make his move as well!

The leader of the Northern Expedition trading company stared at Wang Xian coldly without making a single move!

"Ahhhh!"

"Die, die, die, die! You shall die too!"

The leader of the enchanting God's sect, who was on the verge of death, had a ferocious look on his face as he fought against Yao Xie in front of him. It was a counterattack before his death.

"Roar Roar!"

The long spear landed in Yao Xie's eyes and pierced directly into his pupils, causing him to let out an angry roar!

"Pu Pu Pu!"

Yao Xie, who was even crazier, clawed at the demonic God sect's sect master one by one.

"Gulp Gulp!"

Large mouthfuls of fresh blood were spat out from his mouth. Everyone looked at this scene in a Daze!

He had fallen. A peak deity realm expert had fallen!

"Sect leader!"

The disciple of the enchanting celestial sect shouted loudly with a face full of horror.

"Hehe, this demonic evil at the peak of the godly state, I shall make my move!"

Wang Xian was in a great mood when he saw the demise of the enchanting celestial sect's sect leader. He smiled and said to the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

"Stop, that Demonic Evil is ours!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, Lei Beichen, who was at the side, shouted sternly.

"Dragon King, you're not bad!"

The president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company said coldly. He moved his body and charged towards that evil demon.

That evil demon who was at the peak of the godly state had been severely injured. It was not difficult for him to kill it!

He was already very satisfied that he was able to kill the leader of the bewitching celestial sect, Wang Xian. There was no competition!