Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2139: Eternal Thunderclap’s favoritism

"Although I can only obtain half of the Demonic Beasts'corpses, I will gain more if I kill more of them!"

The intense battle continued. Wang Xian scanned his surroundings to make sure that no more demonic beasts would come out from the demon lair. Then, he moved his body and charged toward the celestial-level demonic beasts.

With his help, the pressure on the gods from the other factions was greatly reduced. They heaved a sigh of relief and looked at Wang Xian with some respect.

The series of events just now had filled their hearts with respect towards the Dragon King.

The leader of the enchanting God sect wanted to divert the trouble to the east so that the peak-stage god-level demons could kill the disciples of the Dragon Palace. However, the Dragon King had taken them by surprise and attacked them directly, causing them to be seriously injured!

Now that the leader of the seductive God sect had asked for help, the Dragon King had locked onto the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, making it impossible for him to save him.

Each and every one of his methods caused them to be extremely terrified!

However, his actions also caused some people to admire him. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

If the leader of the seductive God sect had not fallen, the Dragon Palace would have faced the revenge of the seductive God sect and the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

Now that the seductive God sect's leader had fallen, the northern expedition trading company would have to consider if they wanted to deal with the Dragon King!

Especially the strength that the Dragon King had displayed now. He was no weaker than the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!

Crack Crack Crack

Above the enchanting celestial sect, Lei Tianming clenched his fist tightly and let out a crisp sound.

He stared at the Dragon King's figure with a ferocious expression. When he saw the Dragon King unleashing his might to kill the celestial-level demonic beasts, his body trembled slightly.

The death of the enchanting celestial sect's leader was a huge loss to him!

Time passed slowly and the battle slowly entered its end!

After Wang Xian had killed one celestial-level demonic evil, he swept his gaze across the surroundings and returned to the sky above the members of the Dragon Palace.

Basically, there were no more demonic evil in front of the Dragon Palace!

"Dragon King, the Dragon Palace has killed more than 500 million demonic evil in total. There are close to a hundred celestial-level demonic evil, which is the most among all the factions!"

Lei Dongxue said excitedly when he saw Wang Xian returning.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly and revealed a satisfied smile.

With so many demonic beasts'corpses, even if they could only obtain half of them, they would be able to increase the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace greatly.

His gaze swept across the area below. The loss of the members of the Dragon Palace did not exceed 2,000.

Among them, only five god-level members had died!

One-eighth of the loss was nothing to the Dragon Palace!

He looked around and saw that many forces had only lost half of their members. They had suffered heavy losses.

This made the experts of many forces look gloomy!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the sound of flying came from the right. 700,000 to 800,000 people were flying toward them.

The leaders were four old men. At this moment, their bodies were filled with blood. Some of the fresh blood was even on their battle armors!

Their hair was disheveled, and they were filled with an austere and barbaric aura.

They were the thunder god of eternal shocking thunder and his disciples.

The difference was that there were only four of the five thunder gods. Out of the two to three million disciples, there were only 700,000 to 800,000!

The losses were heavy and extremely tragic!

"Kill them all!"

One of the Thunder Gods glanced at the Northern Alliance's forces tiredly and asked indifferently.

"Lord Thunder God, it has been settled!"

Lei beichen bowed and said to thunder god.

"Let's go back!"

Thunder God nodded and his eyes revealed a trace of satisfaction!

Yaoxie's corpse had already been put away. After tidying it up, they immediately flew towards the steel planet.

As for the Demon Cave, they did not continue to investigate, nor did they dare to offend them.

When they came, there were seven to eight million people, but when they returned, only half of them were left!

All of them looked extremely miserable. Some of them were flying while repairing their injuries.

There were also some who were flying under the hostage of their companions!

"The Dragon Palace is still the strongest. They only lost more than 1,000 of their 15,000 or so members!"

"The disciples of the Dragon Palace are too powerful, and their attacks and defenses are well-trained!"

"The Dragon King is still the strongest. The Dragon Palace should have killed the most demons, and the demonic God sect suffered the biggest loss this time!"

Some people looked in the direction of the Dragon Palace and whispered.

"It would be great if we could join the Dragon Palace!"

Some people even had the idea of joining the Dragon Palace!

Only the members of the charming God sect looked extremely embarrassed.

The death of the peak-stage godly realm sect master meant that their faction would be reduced by one level!

They flew very fast and didn't encounter any sneak attacks from Yao Xie along the way. This battle could be considered a victory!

"Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, take them to rest. They don't need to guard the position of the stronghold for the time being!"

A thunder god said as he swept his gaze across the forces of the Northern Alliance.

"Yes!"

Lei beichen and the rest nodded!

"Lord Thunder God, I have something to report!"

At this moment, Lei Tianming suddenly flew forward, cupped his hands and said!

"Oh? What is it?"

Thunder God looked at Lei Tianming and asked!

"Lord Thunder God, I want to sue that Dragon King. During the battle, if it wasn't for him holding back the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, the leader of the charming God sect wouldn't have died. A peak godly state expert wouldn't have died!"

Lei Tianming still reported to thunder god unwillingly.

"Is that true?"

Thunder god frowned slightly and asked faintly.

"Lord Thunder God, it was the leader of the charming God sect who led the peak Godly State Yaoxie to harm the Dragon Palace. That's why the Dragon King made a move!"

Lei Dongxue frowned and stared at Lei Tianming. He immediately went forward and said coldly.

"Hehe, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has the strength of the peak of the godly state. Why would he harm the Dragon Palace? He was clearly hiding his strength on purpose to fish in troubled waters!"

Lei Tianming immediately replied in a stern voice!

"I agree with Lei Tianming. This dragon king is unscrupulous. The Tianyang Divine dynasty was destroyed by them when they were fighting against the evil spirits. They are a Scourge!"

Lei tiansheng saw this situation and immediately went forward to complain to Wang Xian. His face was filled with coldness.

If it wasn't for the Dragon King, he wouldn't have received so little merit points!

It was all because of the Dragon King!

"Lord Thunder God, please make a decision for our enchanting celestial sect!"

The disciples of the enchanting celestial sect also rushed to the thousands. They glanced at Wang Xian with grief and indignation and shouted loudly.

"This..."

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw this sudden scene. They looked at it in astonishment!

"Watch your words. You guys are not on the same level as me. Even if you have a strong background, you still have to consider it!"

Wang Xian's face turned cold when he saw eternal thunderclap, a young man with four wisps of divine fire, and a young man with three wisps of divine fire actually dared to let the thunder god judge him.

A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes as he said coldly.

Lei Tianming and Lei Tiansheng's expressions changed slightly. They turned their heads and stared at Wang Xian intently.

The other four thunder gods also looked over and raised their eyebrows slightly.

"Our Dragon Palace has killed the most evil demons among all the forces. If someone wants to die, I will naturally grant them their wish!"

Wang Xian met the gazes of the four thunder gods and said faintly.