Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2140: In the final battle of 2140

"Huh?"

The four thunder gods obviously didn't expect him to be so powerful. They stared at Wang Xian with sparkling eyes!

All the surrounding forces were slightly shocked as they stared at Wang Xian.

"No matter what, we will deduct 20% of the demonic corpses of the demonic God sect and 20% of the demonic corpses of the dragon palace during the internal strife on the battlefield!"

"It's settled then!"

One of the Thunder gods stared at Wang Xian and said coldly.

"What?"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly when he heard his words.

"Based on what?"

He took a step forward and questioned the thunder god with a gloomy expression.

"Based on the fact that we are the eternal thunderclap and based on the fact that we are the thunder god, is that enough?"

The thunder god replied with a cold expression when he heard Wang Xian's question.

The four Thunder Gods looked down at Wang Xian with disdain in their eyes!

Wang Xian's face darkened as his eyes flashed with a cold glint.

"Dragon King, forget it!"

When Lei Dongxue saw this scene, he quickly walked up to Wang Xian and said!

"Let's Go!"

He took a deep look at the four Thunder Gods, Lei Tian, and the rest of the eternal thunderclap before he turned around and left.

"Lord Thunder God, I'll wait for the Dragon King to apologize to all of you. The Dragon King is a little arrogant!"

Lei Dongxue's heart was filled with bitterness when he saw Wang Xian leaving with the disciples of the Dragon Palace. He quickly spoke to the four thunder gods.

"Hmph, this dragon king is really arrogant!"

One of the Thunder Gods narrowed his eyes. His eyes were filled with coldness!

"Hehe!"

The other three thunder gods smiled coldly. Apparently, they had a lot of opinions about the Dragon King!

"Go, he will regret it!"

One of the Thunder Gods said faintly and turned to leave.

The attention that they paid to the dragon palace at the beginning had completely disappeared at this moment.

"This... This Dragon King is so tough. He even dares to be so rude to the Thunder Gods!"

"The four thunder gods have opinions about him. This Dragon King is a bit reckless!"

Some people whispered to each other when they saw the Thunder Gods and the Dragon King leaving.

"With this Dragon King's character, I don't know how he managed to live for so long!"

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition trading company stared at Wang Xian's figure and said faintly.

"Perhaps it's because we haven't encountered any powerful opponents who dared to do this to the Thunder Gods of eternal shock. Let's not provoke this reckless man for the time being!"

The Guild leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company said indifferently as he turned around and left!

"Don't think that just because you have some strength that you dare to be arrogant. Dragon King, why don't you take a look at what this place is like!"

Lei Tianming clenched his fists tightly as he flew towards the interior of the steel planet with a face full of fury!

"Lei Tianming is really angry. He might use his grandfather's power..."

Lei Beichen looked over, and his eyes sparkled.

He gestured to the Northern Expedition Trading Company and led them away.

"Dragon King, don't be angry. Eternal Shocking Thunder is very strong. Our Dragon Palace is far inferior to him!"

In the lounge behind the Steel City Wall, Lei Dongxue caught up with Wang Xian and said worriedly.

"I know!"

Wang Xian had already suppressed the anger in his heart and nodded his head.

"How many thunder gods are there currently in Eternal Shocking Thunder?"

However, he was very unwilling to give up just like that.

One sentence was enough to deprive the Dragon Palace of 20% of the demonic corpses. That was a huge number!

"Dragon King, there are currently 15 thunder gods in Eternal Shocking Thunder. This is also because seven to eight of the demonic invasion seeds have fallen!"

"The number of gods with nine wisps of divine fire has reached more than 30!"

Lei Dongxue said to Wang Xian.

"So many!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. As expected of the overlord of the Northern Region, one of the five great gods of the boundless Starfield!

"When my strength increases, I will definitely make eternal thunderclap pay ten times the price!"

Wang Xian mumbled.

"Bring over all the demonic corpses that we can get now!"

Wang Xian raised his head and instructed Lei Dongxue.

"It's the Dragon King, Dragon King. All the demonic corpses killed by the Dragon Palace belong to my merit points. With the number of demonic corpses killed by the Dragon Palace, the merit points should be enough for me to exchange for a demonic corpse at the peak of the Godly State!"

Lei Dongxue suddenly said.

"Oh, is that so? If it doesn't affect me, I'll exchange for it!"

"Oh, right. I have a few thunder god beads here as well as the divine artifacts and formations that I obtained from the Yu Huatian Divine sect. Think of a way to exchange for some demonic corpses with the thunder god Beads!"

Wang Xian had an idea. He took out the thunder god beads and some treasures that he obtained from killing the eternal thunderclap expert at the energy tide!

The value of these treasures was very high. They were comparable to the corpses of demonic beasts at the peak of the Godly State!

"There shouldn't be too much of a problem. Dragon King, wait for My Good News!"

Lei Dongxue nodded her head.

She was already a godly state expert with three wisps of divine fire. Coupled with her special identity, she was able to obtain some demonic corpses.

Wang Xian looked at her leaving figure with a satisfied expression. It seemed that it was not a waste to consume a soul-returning embryo!

Two days later, Lei Dongxue obtained one demonic corpse at the peak of the godly state, five demonic corpses with nine wisps of divine fire, and more than ten demonic corpses with seven or eight wisps of divine fire.

Upon seeing these demonic corpses, Wang Xian's face lit up!

These corpses were enough for the Dragon Palace to add two members who could match the combat strength of nine wisps of divine fire and one member at the peak of the Godly State!

"An additional member who is at the peak of the godly state. Although the Dragon Palace is still weak, at the very least, they won't be afraid of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and immediately summoned the Dragon Palace of the Divine Kingdom. He began to increase the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace to prepare for the next phase.

Ten days passed slowly. The steel planet was peaceful. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

However, under this tranquility, everyone could feel the difference in the atmosphere.

It was like the tranquility before a storm. It was as if a more powerful battle was brewing!

Buzz

"Greetings, Master God!"

At this moment, in a command center in the center of the Steel City Wall, nine experts at the peak of the godly state were half-kneeling on the ground. They were bowing to the Phantom in front of them with respect and even fervor.

The Phantom was formed by lightning, and it contained a terrifying pressure.

Even though it was just a phantom, it still emitted a power that could make peak God realm experts tremble in fear!

"We've already investigated the nest of the demon dragon that summoned Yao Xie. Mobilize all the forces on the steel planet to go to the nest of the demon lair!"

The Phantom of the thunder god Lord ordered them indifferently!

"Lord God Lord, the strength of that Demon Dragon... I'm afraid that we..."

The nine thunder gods were slightly shocked as they said hesitantly.

"I've left law lightning in his body. When you guys go over, I'll use all my law power so that he won't be able to use any of his strength. At that time, you only need to kill eight or nine peak God realm Yao Xie around him and you'll be able to easily get rid of him!"

"There are twelve peak God realm experts on the steel planet. I'll send two more. After this success, I'll make those three peak God realm experts from the Northern Alliance Thunder Gods!"

The thunder god Lord's Phantom ordered them.

"Yes, Lord God Lord. We'll definitely complete the mission!"

The nine thunder gods replied with determination!