Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2141: 2141’s final battle

"Huala!"

In the command room, the thunder god Lord's shadow slowly dissipated after the order was given.

The nine thunder gods looked at each other and slowly stood up!

"Looks like the lord god Lord's injuries aren't light!"

A bald thunder god muttered.

"Don't make wild guesses about the lord god Lord. Now we need to prepare for the next attack!"

The white-haired thunder god in the middle glanced at the bald old man and said indifferently!

"As long as the god Lord can suppress that Devil Dragon, we can easily kill the seven or eight peak-stage god-realm demons around him. TSK TSK, I just didn't expect that the god Lord would actually confer the title of thunder god on that peak-stage god-realm expert of the Northern Territory Alliance!"

"This operation is still very dangerous. It's very likely to cause huge casualties again. If there are no benefits, they definitely won't do it. Moreover, our eternal thunderclap has suffered such a huge loss this time. At the very least, we need some fresh blood to replenish it!"

"That Northern Expedition Trading Company and that Dragon King will really benefit from it!"

The few Thunder Gods said indifferently!

"That Dragon King is a little arrogant!"

Suddenly, an old man opened his mouth and said, his eyes flashing with an ice-cold expression! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"He is a little arrogant. Last time, he didn't even give face to the four of us!"

As soon as the old man finished speaking, he was slightly stunned for two seconds before an old man nodded his head.

"Pass down the order first. We will set off in ten hours!"

The white-haired old man in the middle ended the topic!

"It's the Great Elder!"

The rest of the Thunder gods nodded their heads and immediately went out to pass down the order.

"Dragon King, there's a new operation. This time, it's an order personally given by the Thunder God!"

Five minutes later, in the cultivation room where the Dragon Palace was located, Lei Dongxue came in and spoke to Wang Xian.

"HMM? What Order?"

He stood up and asked.

"Attack Yaoxie's lair in the demon Lair and kill the demonic dragon that summoned Yaoxie!"

"This time, Eternal Shocking Thunder will send out 11 experts at the peak of the godly state, as well as a group of forces from the Northern Region Alliance!"

"Furthermore, the lord of Shocking Thunder has promised that when he returns, the three of you will be conferred the title of Thunder God!"

Lei Dongxue said.

"Attack the nest of the demons in the demon lair? Confer the title of Thunder God?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. There was a look of astonishment and solemnity on his face!

"Is the danger this time high?"

Wang Xian asked with a slight frown.

"Since the thunder god Lord has sent eleven Thunder Gods, he should be very confident. We will set off in ten hours!"

Lei Dongxue pondered.

"Shall we attack the lair?"

Wang Xian was deep in thought as he thought of the so-called Devil Dragon.

"I could still sense the son of Heaven of the Devil Dragon and the son of Heaven of the Earth God at the beginning. However, I can't sense them anymore. Did they discover something?"

"However, only the dragon soul can support the dragon body. is the Devil Dragon in the lair of the Devil Dragon the son of Heaven of the Devil Dragon?"

He mumbled to himself. There were some doubts in his heart. After calming his heart and sensing, he could only feel a vague feeling!

"All forces, prepare to set off!"

Ten hours later, Wang Xian led more than 13,000 members of the Dragon Palace to the stronghold of the steel city wall.

In the surrounding area, there were many powerful legions standing on the steel city wall. They were filled with a strong fighting spirit.

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, vice president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, come here!"

At the center, eleven majestic figures were floating in the air. They shouted softly at Wang Xian and the rest.

"Eh?"

Wang Xian looked over. His body moved and he immediately flew to the side of the eleven Thunder Gods.

When they saw them flying over, the eleven thunder gods locked their gazes on them!

"After returning from this expedition, the Lord God has announced that you will be conferred the title of thunder god. I hope that your performance will not disappoint the Lord God!"

The white-haired old man in the middle looked at the three of them and said.

"Don't worry, Great Elder. We will definitely not disappoint the lord god of Thunder!"

The president and vice-president of the Northern Expedition trading company were obviously very excited as they spoke with a heated expression!

Wang Xian cupped his hands slightly at the side and didn't say anything.

His performance caught the attention of the eleven thunder gods. They raised their eyebrows slightly.

"When the time comes, anyone and any force will listen to our orders. If they dare to resist or disobey, they will be killed on the spot!"

The white-haired thunder god looked at Wang Xian and reminded him lightly.

"Yes, Our Dragon Palace will definitely listen to our orders!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands and said expressionlessly.

"Alright, let's Go!"

The white-haired thunder god didn't say anything. He looked at a thunder god at the side and ordered.

"Let's Go!"

"Rumble!"

The Thunder God roared loudly and a rumbling sound rang out.

Wang Xian looked at the steel city wall beneath him and revealed an astonished expression.

The entire steel city wall with a circumference of more than a thousand kilometers slowly flew towards the void.

Furthermore, the speed of the steel city wall was getting faster and faster!

One by one, surging formations enveloped it, increasing its speed by another level!

"As expected of Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He swept his gaze behind him and realized that other than the two to three million disciples of the Northern Territory Alliance, Eternal Shocking Thunder had gathered around five million disciples this time.

All of them were the elites of eternal shocking thunder.

He even saw a small-scale individual army with about twenty thousand people. However, their strength was comparable to the Dragon Palace!

The strength of their foundation was astounding!

"That damned eternal shocking thunder, they are here!"

However, at this moment, in the vast void, three planets were suspended in the starry sky.

On the planet in the middle, a huge object was entrenched on a mountain peak.

Behind him, there was an incomparably huge demon cave!

The Demon Cave was like an abyss, bottomless!

And to his left and right, there were many demonic beasts that were tens of thousands of meters tall. Each of these demonic beasts contained a thick bloody stench!

Their blood-red eyes stared in all directions, guarding the demon dragon in the center!

In front of the Demon Dragon, there was a communication stone plate. He stared at the information on it, and his eyes were filled with brutality!

"That lightning of law is like gangrene that attaches to bones, it could take my life at any time. Eternal God Lord, as expected of the Eternal God Lord, but you'd better not force me!"

He spat out blood, his entire body filled with murderous intent!

After hesitating, he moved and directly entered the demon cave behind him.

He went all the way to the deepest part of the demon cave. In the deepest part, there was an enormous futon, and a person sat cross-legged on it.

He couldn't be called a person. He had a pitch-black dragon horn and half a dragon tail, and he looked a bit strange.

Half of him was a dragon and half of him was a person!

"That country bumpkin is right. The Dragon Soul is a bit strange. My original body suppressed half of the Dragon Soul. If I have to, I can only accept this hidden danger!"

The Devil Dragon Son of heaven stared at his previous human body, and his huge dragon eyes were shining!

"Roar, when I become the Eternal Lord, I will destroy the Eternal Thunder!"