Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2142: 2142, you are the fish meat, we are the meat on the chopping block

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the void of the starry sky, when an angry roar sounded from the huge demon cave, earth-shattering roars sounded from the three planets in the surroundings.

Within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers, or even hundreds of millions of kilometers, everything could be heard clearly.

No creatures dared to approach this area.

After the roars, the sounds gradually died down. The planets on the left and right suddenly moved slowly. They were getting farther and farther away from the central planet, forming a semi-encirclement!

Black lines connected the three planets. The rolling demonic aura suddenly rose into the air and completely covered the entire area.

Looking from afar, one could vaguely see blood-red eyes that were emitting a devouring luster.

In the distant starry sky, a huge steel city wall that was over a thousand kilometers long was traveling in the void at a terrifying speed.

The steel city wall was like a spaceship from a sci-fi novel. Looking from afar, it was even more shocking than a spaceship!

"With the speed of the steel city wall, we can reach the lair of the demon lair in more than 30 hours. When that time comes, there will be a huge battle!"

Lei Dongxue stood beside Wang Xian and whispered to him!

"HMM, the thunder god Lord has sent so many elites. He should be very confident!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings and nodded his head faintly.

"Lei Dongxue is too close to the Dragon King. I heard that Lei Dongxue has spent all his merit points to exchange for a demonic corpse at the peak of the godly state in the past few days!"

"This demonic corpse isn't of much use to her. It's definitely something that the Dragon Palace needs!"

At a location dozens of kilometers away, Lei Tianming saw Lei Dongxue talking to Wang Xian and said with an embarrassed expression.

"It should be something that the dragon palace needs. According to the information I got, Lei Dongxue said that she wants to obtain some treasures from the Dragon King. I'm not sure if it's true or not!"

Lei Beichen's eyes flickered.

"That's very possible. There's another possibility. Lei Dongxue, who has always looked down on men, has taken a liking to the Dragon King. That's also possible!"

Lei tiansheng, who was beside him, said this on purpose to slander Lei Dongxue.

The other youths beside him laughed!

"After coming back this time, the Dragon King will be our Lord Thunder God. Lei Dongxue being able to hook up with a thunder god is the best investment!"

Lei Beichen said expressionlessly. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Humph, that's only because he can come back!"

Lei tianming growled with a gloomy face.

The surrounding youths looked at him with a trace of surprise in their eyes.

Thirty hours was not a long time. As time approached, everyone on the steel city wall became more and more nervous.

This battle was destined to be extremely tragic. No one knew if they could survive.

"We're almost there!"

More than thirty hours later, a thunder god who was standing in the center stared ahead with a solemn expression.

He let out a soft shout and entered everyone's ears!

"Hualala!"

At this moment, everyone held their weapons tightly and stared ahead.

In the void in front of them, where the light shone, monstrous demonic qi covered the sky. That incomparably huge area covered an unknown number of hundreds of millions of kilometers!

The three planets were completely hidden within!

Everyone could feel that there was an incomparably terrifying killing intent contained within!

The Steel City walls slowed down, and the eleven Thunder Gods revealed solemn expressions.

"The half-curved demonic qi, could it be that it wants to surround us all here?"

The white-haired thunder god in the middle looked ahead, his face filled with solemnity.

"According to the Lord God, there are only seven or eight demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state here. As long as the Lord God can restrain that demonic dragon, we have nothing to fear!"

A thunder god said in a deep voice.

"Believe in the Lord God. Let's go. Continue to advance on the steel city wall!"

The white-haired thunder god shouted softly and ordered loudly.

"Alright, vice president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company and Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, gather here. All the other disciples, Get Ready!"

A thunder god shouted loudly. His voice was heard by everyone.

Wang Xian looked over and moved to the center.

The steel city wall proceeded forward and slowly entered the center of the half-curved demonic aura.

"Dragon King, order the members of Your Dragon Palace to hover in the Center!"

"All members of the Eternal Army, Hover in the Center!"

The white-haired elder ordered Wang Xian and the core army of the 20,000 members.

"HMM?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. The members of the Dragon Palace were in the center, which meant that they would be subjected to the strongest attack from Yaoxie!

"Alright!"

However, the Dragon Palace didn't have the strength to defy him at this moment. He nodded and immediately called all the members of the Dragon Palace over!

Wang Xian moved and stood in front of the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Beside him was an elite army that was no weaker than the Dragon Palace.

A bald thunder god stood at the front. When he saw Wang Xian looking over, he smiled coldly.

"Activate the war machines on the steel city wall. Attack when you are a million kilometers away!"

The white-haired elder continued to issue orders.

The steel city wall moved forward slowly. Numerous experts and disciples were floating in the air and scattered around.

The center of the Dragon Palace and the eternal army spread to both sides.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

When the steel city wall was 100 kilometers away from the demonic qi, a thousand-meter-wide cannon barrel stretched out from it.

"Buzz!"

"Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

With a quiver, a white light directly rushed forward from a cannon barrel in the center.

After that sound, a thousand beams of white light shot into the darkness in front of them.

"Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying collision sounded, but the miserable shrieks that they had expected did not come.

When the white light landed in the darkness, it was blocked by the boundless darkness!

Everyone's expression changed slightly!

"The obliteration light cannon is completely useless!"

The white-haired thunder god's expression darkened.

"The Dragon Palace and Eternal Army are in the middle. The rest of the disciples are on both sides. Prepare to attack!"

The white-haired thunder god ordered loudly.

"Yes!"

The experts from Eternal Army nodded immediately. They held the weapons in their hands tightly and flew forward slowly.

Wang Xian did not speak. The Five Elements Millstone appeared above his head. The poles of yin and yang were suspended beneath him!

Furthermore, he enveloped all the disciples of the Dragon Palace within it.

In the center of the Dragon Palace, the branches beneath ao Xingmu were floating slowly!

His strength had been elevated to seven wisps of divine fire a few days ago!

No one knew about ao Xingmu's elevation!

Seven to eight million disciples were lined up on both sides, advancing slowly.

Ninety kilometers, eighty kilometers, seventy kilometers...

The distance was getting closer and closer, and the bloody smell coming from the darkness was getting thicker and thicker!

And they were also approaching the half-arc-shaped dark area!

"Roar!"

At this moment, an earth-shaking roar came from the darkness.

The half-arc-shaped darkness was expanding at a terrifying speed. Before anyone could react, the seven to eight million soldiers were surrounded!

"Oh no!"

At this moment, everyone's expression changed slightly!