Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2143: 2143. You are the fish meat and we are the meat on the chopping block

"These demonic beasts knew that we would come to attack. They have already made preparations!"

"Ambush, we have been ambushed by demonic beasts. This is bad!"

The half-arc-shaped darkness expanded and enveloped everyone within. Some of the disciples revealed looks of panic on their faces.

They nervously scanned their surroundings.

In the sky, the eleven thunder gods scanned their surroundings. There was not much worry on their faces.

Being discovered by Yao Xie in advance was within their expectations.

The white-haired thunder god in the middle stared fixedly at the darkness in front of him. His eyes sparkled.

In his hand, there was a special Thunder Pearl!

"Don't panic. Today, Yao Xie will be exterminated. That Devil Dragon will die!"

He quietly stared inside, his face filled with a cold expression as he shouted at everyone.

"Jie Jie Jie, you want to kill me? Even if your eternal God Lord Jing Lei, that dog, arrives, he still won't be able to kill me!"

"Last time, I still heavily injured him. I still escaped from his hands!"

Just as the white-haired thunder god finished speaking, an extremely arrogant and controlling voice came from the darkness.

In the next moment, everyone saw countless blood-red eyes emerging from the darkness.

Those countless blood-red eyes made one's scalp tingle from afar.

The faces of all the disciples of the Northern Alliance of Eternal Shocking Thunder were filled with solemnity.

"Demon Dragon?"

Wang Xian looked ahead.

In the middle of the darkness, an incomparably huge eye slowly appeared. Following that, a head that was about a thousand meters in size popped out from it.

The head was pitch-black, exuding an incomparably violent aura!

Staring at the head, it gave off an imposing feeling!

"This is? That Devil Dragon?"

"What big words, this is the devil dragon that injured our thunder god Lord!"

"Wasn't this devil dragon heavily injured by our God Lord? Why does it still look so terrifying!"

Seeing the head of the demon dragon poking out, everybody was shocked.

Especially the arrogant words of the demon dragon, who dared to call the thunder god Lord a dog. It was the only one in the entire endless star area.

Looking at the demon dragon, everybody was terrified.

"Since we are here, we will take your head today!"

The white-haired thunder god stared at the Devil Dragon and said coldly.

"Roar Roar Roar. It seems that my sons will be able to have a good meal today!"

When the Devil Dragon heard the white-haired thunder god's words, a trace of coldness flashed in its eyes. It roared loudly.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

After the dragon's roar ended, countless demonic beasts in the surroundings let out a furious roar. They slowly stretched out their bodies!

Billions of demonic beasts stretched out their bodies. Beside him, there were four peak God realm demonic beasts. Each of them was around ten thousand meters in size.

On both sides of them, there were four peak God realm demonic beasts. Their blood-red eyes were locked on all of them.

There were seven to eight hundred peak God Realm Demonic Beasts. They were extremely terrifying!

"Bastard, you will soon know the consequences of offending us, Eternal Thunderclap!"

The white-haired old man shouted sternly, and the lightning pearl in his hand moved slightly.

A Ray of light directly entered the Lightning Pearl, and the entire lightning pearl trembled slightly!

"Everyone, get ready to kill this group of beasts!"

The white-haired old man held the Trembling Lightning Pearl, and his face was filled with an icy cold smile.

"Yes!"

All the disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder immediately responded loudly.

"First Elder, that devil dragon was able to injure the Lord God. Now, it doesn't seem to be injured in the slightest. We..."

The bright elder from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce looked at the Devil Dragon with monstrous devil flames in front of him and frowned slightly.

To be able to injure the Lord God, even if all the peak-stage God realm experts joined forces, they wouldn't be a match for it!

Not to mention that there were eight peak-stage God realm experts around Yaoxie.

"Just watch!"

The white-haired thunder god smiled faintly and stared coldly at the Devil Dragon!

"Keke, that bastard jinglei didn't come, yet you still have the confidence to kill me!"

The Devil Dragon looked at the confident white-haired old man, his Dragon Eyes Shining.

"Even if the Lord God didn't come, he could still easily suppress you!"

The white-haired thunder god slightly raised his head and coldly said.

"Have you arrived? Beast, prepare to die!"

At the same time, in the distant Eternal Thunder Eternal Divine Kingdom, thunder god Lord, whose entire body was covered in purple lightning, sat cross-legged on a thunder mountain. In the sky above him, an incomparably mystical lightning talisman flickered with a resplendent luster.

Streaks of Purple Lightning entered thunder god Lord's body, and the law lightning in his pupils flickered! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He stood proudly within the Lightning, as mighty as a prison!

"Rampage!"

He growled, and the Lightning Talisman in the sky began to flicker!

"Ah, Law Lightning, Law Lightning!"

And at this time, in the Devil Den's demonic battlefield, the Devil Dragon with an incomparably huge body and a dignified face suddenly let out a miserable cry.

Streaks of purple lightning suddenly appeared on his body.

The power of lightning wrapped around his entire body, causing him to let out a painful roar.

The Devil Dragon twisted his body with a ferocious expression, and his eyes turned blood red!

"Beast, you are already a fish meat, and we are the butcher's meat. Accept our Eternal Thunder's judgment!"

The white-haired thunder god looked excited when he saw this.

"The thunder god Lord has already made his move and destroyed these beasts!"

He swept his gaze around and immediately roared loudly.

"Dragon Palace, Eternal Army, Attack! Take the head of that Beast!"

The white-haired thunder god gave one order after another.

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

"It turns out that our lord god Lord has already made a perfect plan. Kill this beast and destroy all the evildoers!"

"Kill!"

Everyone looked extremely excited when they saw this scene.

One of the Thunder gods in front of the Eternal Army moved and led the experts of the eternal army to attack.

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian heard the order, he didn't attack immediately. Instead, he stared at the demonic dragon, feeling a little strange.

He was already certain that this demonic dragon was the demonic dragon's son of heaven who had obtained the Dragon Soul.

However, he suppressed the Dragon Soul in a very strange way.

Now, he realized that his senses towards the dragon soul were getting stronger and stronger!

The countless demons in the surroundings did not react at all when they saw eternal shocking thunder and the other experts attacking them.

All the disciples were surprised but did not think too much at the same time. They continued to move forward!

"Die!"

The thunder god in front of the Eternal Army held the Thunder Spear in his hand and threw it directly at the demonic dragon.

"Eh? Dragon King, attack immediately!"

The white-haired thunder god frowned slightly when he saw that Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace did not move. He shouted coldly again.

However, Wang Xian still ignored him. He stared at the demonic dragon with a flickering gaze!

"I'm a piece of meat? You Bunch of ants are the meat that I can kill easily!"

The Eternal Legion charged forward under the lead of the Thunder God!

However, when they were about 40 kilometers away from the demon dragon, it suddenly raised its head and the purple lightning on its body instantly disappeared.

Its face was filled with recklessness!