Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2144: “2144, you are the fish meat, we are the meat on the chopping block.”

"Keke, the Thunder of laws, that Bastard Thunder thinks that the Thunder of laws can suppress me? Go To Hell, all of you must stay here today!"

When the purple lightning on the demon Dragon's body disappeared, his face was filled with a brutal expression.

At the same time, the body in the deepest part of the planet behind him was instantly covered by the purple lightning.

The body under the purple lightning slowly collapsed!

The original body of the demon dragon had completely disappeared. Today, he only had one body, the body of the Demon Dragon!

The body of the Divine Dragon!

"Hehe, is he dead? Well Done!"

When the body in the demon cave collapsed and its life force completely disappeared, the towering figure in the eternal divine realm revealed a smile!

"A beast still wants to make an enemy out of me. He deserves to die!"

He muttered, his face filled with arrogance and coldness. He closed his eyes slightly, recovering from the huge consumption just now!

"Tyrannical Dragon Claw!"

What the thunder god Lord didn't know was that at this moment, the Devil Dragon's face was filled with brutality as it extended its Devil Dragon Claw, directly attacking the Eternal Army and the Thunder God who was charging towards him.

The sudden change caused the expressions of everyone in eternal shock to change drastically.

When the Thunder God who had thrown out the Thunder Spear saw the Devil Dragon, his expression changed drastically!

"What's going on? Wasn't the Devil Dragon suppressed by our God Lord? How is this possible! ?"

His expression changed drastically.

"Peng!"

At this moment, he saw that the Thunder Spear he had thrown out had been shot down, and the terrifying Devil Dragon Claws were attacking them.

"Not good, Eternal Legion, Retreat!"

Sensing the terrifying attack of the Devil Dragon, the Thunder God's expression changed drastically, and he immediately roared out.

"Isn't the Devil Dragon being suppressed by our God Lord?"

This thought appeared in everyone's minds. Seeing the incoming Dragon Claw, their expressions changed drastically, and they hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Hong!"

The huge Dragon Claw landed on the Thunder God's body.

Numerous densely packed and terrifying lightning bolts tore towards the tyrannical dragon claw.

When the lightning bolts landed on it, they did not stop the Dragon Claw's attack.

When the terrifying Dragon Claw landed on his body, a feeling like a meteorite collision instantly landed on his body.

"Pu Pu Pu!"

The thunder god felt as if his entire body was falling apart, and his face instantly turned extremely pale.

"No... as expected of the Devil Dragon that was able to injure the Lord God. The gap is too big!"

His body flew downwards at a terrifying speed, instantly sustaining heavy injuries.

"Ahhhhh!"

The Dragon Claw continued to attack forward. Several thousand experts of the Eternal Legion were unable to dodge in time, and all the members that were struck by the Dragon Claw died instantly!

"What's going on? Why isn't the Devil Dragon suppressed by the Lord God! ?"

The white-haired thunder god's expression changed slightly when he saw this!

"Not good. That Devil Dragon is so powerful. wasn't he suppressed by the Lord God?"

"The Lord God wasn't able to suppress it. It's bad!"

When all the disciples saw this scene, their bodies were instantly filled with terror!

"Jie Jie Jie, surround them all!"

A single Dragon Claw killed three to four thousand experts from the Eternal Army and heavily injured a peak deity. The demonic dragon laughed sinisterly and immediately ordered all of Yao Xie.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

All of Yao Xie let out a roar. The four peak deity realm Yao Xie around him instantly teleported behind them and blocked the path behind them!

At this moment, everyone's expression changed slightly!

They were in big trouble!

How could they deal with a demonic dragon that could injure their god Lord, a peak-stage god-level demonic dragon, and eight peak-stage god-level demonic beasts with billions of demonic beasts?

They couldn't fight this battle at all. They could only flee!

"Hehehe!"

The demonic dragon laughed mockingly when he saw this scene.

He swayed his huge body and slowly flew forward.

A pair of cold and mocking eyes swept across everyone.

"Something happened!"

At this moment, the white-haired old man's expression changed, and a trace of embarrassment appeared in his eyes.

He didn't understand why the Lord God didn't suppress the Demon Dragon.

But he knew that they were in trouble.

If things went wrong, they might even be completely annihilated!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

One by one, thunder god and seven to eight million disciples slowly approached each other, their foreheads covered in cold sweat.

"First elder, this... This demon dragon is so powerful. Does Lord god-lord have any other methods?"

At this moment, the president and vice-president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company were also slightly flustered.

This was a demon dragon that could injure a god-lord. If they continued to fight, they had no chance of winning.

The thunder god that was heavily injured by one move was a good example!

They looked at the Devil Dragon that was taunting them in front of them with some fear. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

That Devil Dragon's taunting expression was completely treating them as prey!

Moreover, it looked like the other party was going to taunt them, but he was going to kill them!

"I don't know what's going on either. Damn it, this devil dragon isn't something we can fight against. In addition, there are eight peak deity realm demonic beasts!"

"Run, we can only run!"

Cold Sweat appeared on the white-haired thunder god's forehead as he gripped the scepter in his hand tightly!

"Prepare to break out!"

He growled and stared at the demon dragon in front of him.

"Run? Since you're here, why are you still thinking of escaping? hehehe, do you really think that you can escape today?"

The demon dragon stared at them coldly and raised its head slightly.

"Someone has to hold this devil dragon back so that we can have a chance to escape!"

The white-haired middle-aged man's expression sank when he saw the devil dragon and transmitted his voice to the people beside him.

"Hold the Devil Dragon Back? This... This is no different from throwing away our lives!"

The expressions of the Thunder Gods also changed slightly.

"Lao Yuan, you only have a few decades left to live. Come, if we can survive, we will help take care of your descendants!"

The white-haired thunder god looked at a pale thunder god and said in a deep voice.

"Okay, but I might not be able to hold them off by myself!"

The thunder god named Lao Yuan trembled, gritted his teeth and nodded.

"First Elder, the Dragon King and everyone from the Dragon Palace should be able to..."

A thunder god said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Yes!"

"Dragon King, you will lead the Dragon Palace and thunder god to fight against that Devil Dragon!"

The white-haired elder looked at the thunder god. The other thunder gods around him nodded in agreement.

He looked at Wang Xian and shouted.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard the order from the great elder of Eternal Shock!

"What?"

Before Wang Xian could speak, Lei Dongxue who was beside him let out a cry of surprise. His face instantly turned ugly!

"Dragon King, right? Lead your men. Let's go and fight against that Demonic Dragon!"

The god of Thunder, who was known as the distant god of thunder, looked at Wang Xian. His face revealed his determination to die as he spoke coldly.

"You Want Our Dragon Palace to die?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he spoke with a solemn face.