Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2145: 2145 paid his respects to the Dragon King

"You Want Our Dragon Palace to die?"

Wang Xian stared at the group of Thunder Gods with eternal shock. His face was extremely cold and his eyes were sparkling.

"This is an order. The order to attack just now is for Your Dragon Palace to remain motionless. If you dare to disobey this time, we will kill you immediately!"

The white-haired thunder god saw Wang Xian's expression and spoke to him coldly.

"Dragon King, there's still a chance for you to survive if you obey the order. Otherwise, we can annihilate your dragon palace instantly!"

When the bright elder from the Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce saw this scene, his heart skipped a beat. He immediately stepped forward and shouted in a stern voice.

This time, they were already extremely fortunate that they didn't let a peak godly state expert from their Northern Expedition Chamber of Commerce come out to fight against the Demon Dragon. Naturally, they spoke up at this moment!

"I'll give you five seconds to consider!"

The Thunder Gods Glanced at the demonic dragon warily. Their eyes locked onto Wang Xian as they spoke in a sinister tone!

"Dragon King, defend against that demonic dragon. This is your only chance to survive. Otherwise, you can just wait for your death!"

"Dragon King, you disobeyed the order and framed the others. This time, it's your turn to hold back the Demonic Dragon!"

Lei Tianming, Lei Tiansheng, and the rest watched from the side with ferocious expressions.

"We'll leave it to you, Dragon King!"

"Dragon King, if you can hold back the demonic dragon, we will be eternally grateful in the future!"

The surrounding forces of the Northern Region Alliance immediately shouted at Wang Xian.

Some of them had gloating expressions while some had hopeful expressions in their eyes.

In the current situation, they could only escape from this place if the Dragon King could tie down the demonic dragon. Otherwise, they might be the ones who would be sacrificed!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across everyone around him. When he saw their expressions, a hint of killing intent flashed across his eyes.

"Time's Up!"

The white-haired elder slowly raised the scepter in his hand and said faintly.

The other group of thunder god and the vice-president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company also shook their hands. If the Dragon King really dared to disobey his orders, they would really dare to make a move!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them one by one and nodded his head faintly.

"Members of the Dragon Palace, Follow Me!"

His figure moved and flew directly towards the direction of the Demonic Dragon!

"If we fight with all our might, there might be a chance for us to survive!"

The Thunder God who was about to die followed behind and said coldly to Wang Xian.

"Get Ready!"

When he saw the Dragon King leading the members of the Dragon Palace to fly over, the white-haired thunder god revealed a satisfied expression on his face.

He spoke to the people around him.

As long as the Dragon King and the rest of them took action to restrain the demon dragon, they would immediately escape from this place!

"TSK TSK TSK, they sent a bunch of people to die!"

When the demonic dragon saw Wang Xian and the rest rushing over, his face was filled with mockery.

"There are only three people at the peak of the godly state, and they still want to pin me down?"

The demonic dragon swept his gaze across Wang Xian, the dying thunder god, and Ao Xingmu in the Dragon Palace. Then, he slowly raised his claws!

"Three?"

The dying thunder god was slightly puzzled. However, when he saw that the demonic dragon was about to attack, he didn't dare to think too much. A Thunder Hammer appeared in his hand and his entire body was surrounded by terrifying lightning!

"Demonic Dragon's son of Heaven!"

Wang Xian was floating about 30 kilometers in front of the demonic dragon. His eyes were sparkling.

"Huh?"

The demonic dragon was slightly shocked when he heard this name. His huge dragon eyes stared at Wang Xian with doubt.

"It's you... The True Dragon's son of Heaven, Dragon King!"

When he was sizing up Wang Xian's face, a figure appeared in his mind. He roared in astonishment!

"I really didn't expect you to be able to suppress the Dragon Soul. What a pity!"

Wang Xian looked at him and revealed a smile.

When they first arrived here and Wang Xian saw Devil Dragon Son of heaven, he felt that the dragon soul seemed to be suppressed by a force.

When Devil Dragon Son of Heaven got rid of the purple lightning, he realized that the familiar feeling had returned.

The Dragon Soul had returned!

He had originally planned to take control of it after leaving this place, but he did not expect eternal shocking thunder, the Thunder Gods, and all the forces of the Northern Region Alliance to force it to this extent.

In that case!

"HMM? Then the Dragon King and the Demonic Dragon know each other? What's the situation?"

"It seems like they really know each other. Then what did the Dragon King Say? Why Can't I Understand?"

Eternal Thunderclap and the other thunder gods and disciples who were preparing to escape were slightly stunned when they heard the conversation between the Dragon King and the demonic dragon.

Their faces were filled with astonishment!

They actually knew each other?

This...

"Suppress? Dragon Soul!"

However, when the others heard the baffling words, the demonic dragon's son of Heaven's expression immediately changed and his heart tightened.

When his strength increased to eight wisps of divine fire, he sensed that something was wrong with the Dragon Soul.

The Dragon Soul seemed to have its own intelligence.

At that time, he wanted to erase the dragon soul, but he was shocked to find that once the Dragon Soul was erased, the demonic dragon's body would immediately collapse.

This made his face extremely ugly.

A demonic dragon's body could allow him to fight a level or two higher, how could he bear to do so.

In the end, he suppressed it in his original body.

Because he wanted to get rid of the Thunder Lord's lightning of laws this time, he transferred the Lightning of laws into his previous body.

This was a risky action, because once he did so, he would release the Dragon Soul.

Possessing the body of a demon dragon together with the Dragon Soul.

He didn't know what effect this would have on him in the future.

However, this was also a choice he had no choice.

What he did not expect was to hear the Dragon King's words the moment he lifted the suppression on the Dragon Soul.

In an instant, his expression changed.

"Ah!"

At this moment, a great terror descended. He suddenly felt that the dragon soul in his body was actually going to devour their souls!

And his soul simply did not have the ability to resist!

Once he was devoured, he would completely disappear from the world, completely dying! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The Devil Dragon twisted its enormous dragon body, letting out a pained cry!

"What's going on?"

The Devil Dragon suddenly let out a pained cry, crazily twisting in the void in pain. Everyone was slightly startled!

"It's the great god Lord. It must be the great god Lord that suppressed the Devil Dragon!"

The white-haired thunder god's face revealed a joyous expression when he saw this scene as he cried out loudly.

"The Great Divine Lord has made his move! I knew it! How could that Devil Dragon possibly escape from our great divine Lord's means!"

"Hahaha! Good, good! That Devil Dragon was incomparably arrogant just now and wanted to kill all of us! Kill this beast!"

The remaining disciples heaved a heavy sigh of relief when they heard the Thunder God's words. Their faces were filled with savagery as they roared out.

One second, they were still preparing to escape. The next second, they were able to counterattack. This caused them to heave a huge sigh of relief. They gripped the weapons in their hands tightly and were filled with fighting spirit!

"Prepare to attack. Kill that Beast and kill all the Demons!"

The white-haired middle-aged man raised the Thunder staff in his hand and shouted loudly!

"No, no, don't kill me. Don't kill me. Dragon King, let me go. Let Me Go. As long as you don't kill me, I'm willing to be your slave!"

Suddenly, under the shocked gazes of the seven to eight million people around, the demon dragon crawled in the air and begged the Dragon King for mercy!