Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2146: 2146 paid his respects to the Dragon King

"This..."

Stupefied!

At this moment, everyone was stupefied!

Even the white-haired thunder god was stupefied when he heard the demon Dragon's words and saw him prostrate in front of the Dragon King!

What was going on?

Wasn't this supposed to be their Lord God's punishment for the demon dragon with the Lightning of Law?

Why was the demon dragon prostrating in front of the Dragon King now, requesting to spare his life?

Everyone looked at him in astonishment. Their eyes were a little dull!

"Spare your life?"

Wang Xian looked at him with a glint in his eyes. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Yes, yes, spare me. My previous body is completely dead. In the future, my life and death will be in your hands. Spare me!"

"In the future, I will do whatever you want me to do!"

The demonic dragon roared at Wang Xian with a pained expression.

He had a feeling that as long as the Dragon King in front of him had a single thought, he would die!

As a person who had fallen for hundreds of thousands of years, he did not want to die anymore!

Even if his life was controlled by someone else, he did not want to die!

At this moment, he also understood that the so-called true dragon son of Heaven on Earth was just a Gu raised by the Dragon King.

The other seven true dragon son of Heaven were probably dead!

Wang Xian listened to his pleas for mercy and raised his eyebrows slightly.

Now, the life and death of the demonic dragon son of heaven was completely within his control.

By removing his soul, he would be able to take over the demonic dragon's body!

However, if he didn't remove it, he would be able to control it completely!

"I really didn't expect you to be able to advance to such a realm!"

Wang Xian looked at Devil Dragon Son of Heaven with a smile on his face.

Back when the nine dragons rose into the sky, the true dragon son of Heaven was a trap that he deliberately set up!

Nine True Dragon Son of heaven. Just as Devil Dragon Son of Heaven had thought, it was the Gu that he raised!

However, Wang Xian didn't expect to reap such a huge harvest!

Especially the Devil Dragon Son of Heaven in front of him. His strength was close to that of a divine Lord!

"Can you keep everyone here?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he suddenly asked.

"Roar!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the demonic dragon raised his head abruptly and let out a low roar. His eyes revealed a look of hope.

"An lie pays his respects to the Dragon King. As long as you say the word, no one here will be able to escape!"

"Even if they can't even send out some information!"

His body moved and he transformed into his human form. He knelt in the air and shouted loudly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the next moment, the billions of demons in the surroundings let out a roar at the same time!

The Roar shook the sky and the bloody aura covered the entire starry sky.

A violent and violent aura was gathering.

Billions of demons were crawling towards Wang Xian in the middle!

The demonic dragon was their master. Their master had to submit, and the demons had to submit!

"Hiss!"

The surroundings were filled with eternal thunder. All the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance gasped when they saw this scene.

Their faces were filled with shock.

The demonic dragon and the billions of demons were actually kneeling towards the Dragon King!

The Dragon King actually subdued that demonic beast...

This...

"What is the Dragon King trying to do? What does he mean by keeping everyone here?"

However, when they heard Wang Xian's words, their expressions changed.

"What is the Dragon King trying to do?"

A bad premonition arose in the hearts of the Thunder God and the vice-presidents of the Northern Expedition Trading Company. They muttered to themselves!

"Phew!"

The eyes of the white-haired thunder god sparkled as he took a deep breath.

"Congratulations Dragon King for subduing the demonic dragon and resolving the crisis in our northern region. In the future, you, Dragon King, will be the hero of the entire Northern Region!"

"We, the thunder god Lord, will definitely thank you, Dragon King!"

He bowed slightly and said to Wang Xian.

It was not that he acted according to the wind, but when he heard Wang Xian's words, he had a bad premonition!

The other seven to eight million disciples had a slight change in expression when they saw this scene.

Lei Tianming, Lei Tiansheng, and the rest of the young men had a change in expression. They were extremely embarrassed.

Who would have thought that the Dragon King had subdued the demonic dragon directly?

The demonic dragon and billions of demonic beasts had submitted to him?

"I can't bear the gratitude of your Eternal Thunder!"

"An lie, leave them all here. I want this void to become their graveyard!"

Wang Xian turned around slowly and let out a furious roar. His eyes were filled with violent killing intent!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

As soon as he finished his sentence, thorns suddenly rushed up from below the Dragon Palace.

The Thunder God, who was standing a thousand meters away from Wang Xian and was about to reach his lifespan, was caught off guard and was directly entangled!

"Oh no!"

"There's still an existence at the peak of the godly state in the Dragon Palace!"

The Thunder God's expression changed instantly, and his eyes were filled with terror!

"Roar! Roar! Roar! I will obey the Dragon King's order. If one of them can escape from here today, I, an lie, am willing to die to atone for my crime!"

A tyrannical aura came from the Devil Dragon's body. With a furious roar, his entire body transformed into a terrifying devil dragon's body once again.

He stared at the thunder god that was grabbed by Ao Xingmu, and his dragon claws directly grabbed at it.

"It's over!"

The Thunder God had yet to break free from Ao Xingmu's thorns. When he saw the destructive demonic dragon claw, his face revealed a look of despair.

"Bang!"

The Demonic Dragon Claw clawed down with a loud sound!

With a wave of the Dark Fiery Dragon Claw, a corpse was thrown to the side!

"Kill him!"

He ordered loudly at all of Yaoxie!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the next moment, all the demons'blood-red eyes locked onto the seven to eight million eternal Thunderbolts and the people of the Northern Alliance.

They moved their huge bodies and charged forward while exuding a terrifying bloody smell.

"Oh no, they were killed far away!"

"Oh no, Dragon King, tell them to stop. If you dare to kill our Eternal Thunderbolts, we, the thunder god Lord, will not let you go!"

"Dragon King, let's talk it out!"

"The Dragon Palace actually hid a peak godly state existence, this..."

When everyone saw a thunder god being killed by the Dragon King and heard the Dragon King's order, they were all shocked.

When the ten thunder gods saw the death of the thunder god, their expressions changed drastically.

However, they didn't attack angrily at this moment. Instead, they loudly begged for peace.

There were a total of twelve peak deity realm experts on their side. On the Dragon Palace's side, there were two peak deity realm experts and eight peak deity realm Yao Xie.

Most importantly, there was also a devil dragon, an incomparably terrifying Devil Dragon!

If they really fought, it might really be like what the Devil Dragon said. None of them could escape!

It might be as what the Dragon King had said. This void would be their graveyard!

"Hehe, didn't you guys order me around based on your background? Are you going to destroy my Dragon Palace if you don't obey my orders?"

"You want to deduct the resources of our Dragon Palace with just one sentence? Now, I want to see who will be the one to destroy who!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with coldness when he saw their panicked expressions!

By ordering them to defend against the demonic beasts, they could only obtain half of the Demonic Beasts'corpses. They could even deduct 20% of the resources with just one sentence!

This was the eternal thunderclap!

In the past, Wang Xian could only submit. However, once he obtained the power, he would let the eternal thunderclap know the price of everything!