Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2147: None of the 2147 could escape

The humiliation, bullying, threatening, and even sending the Dragon Palace to their deaths!

Now, Wang Xian wanted to return everything to them tenfold!

Wang Xian wanted to let them know the consequences of humiliating the Dragon Palace!

"Roar!"

An Lie, who was standing at the side, surrounded Wang Xian's body and roared.

His ice-cold dragon eyes stared at Eternal Thunderbolt and everyone in the Northern Alliance.

All the demonic beasts waved their sharp claws, ready to attack at any time!

"Dragon King..."

When the white-haired thunder god heard Wang Xian's words, his expression changed drastically. He let out a low growl and stared vigilantly at the demonic beasts around him and the demon dragon in front of him.

The demon dragon circled around the dragon king, adding an endless amount of majesty to it!

"Dragon King, if you dare to touch us, our thunder god Lord will not let you off. Let us leave and everything will be fine!"

"If you are our Eternal Thunder God's enemy, you will pay a heavy price!"

Lei Tianming looked at Wang Xian and roared with a ferocious expression.

"Haha, Price? Kill them all. I want to see the price!"

Wang Xian laughed out loud and ordered the Dark Blaze Demon Dragon and the rest.

"Roar, Roar, kill them all!"

The Dark Blaze Demon Dragon ordered all the demonic beasts.

"Oh no!"

When the Thunder Gods heard the Dragon King and the Demonic Dragon's words, their expressions changed drastically!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the next moment, billions of Demonic Beasts roared. One by one, the Demonic Beasts'blood-red eyes crazily attacked the people from Eternal Shocking Thunder and the Northern Alliance.

Seven to eight million people appeared extremely small in the face of billions of demonic beasts.

The peak-stage deity realm demonic beasts immediately locked onto the Thunder Gods!

"Roar!"

An lie emitted a monstrous demonic might as he directly charged towards the seven to eight million people.

"Resist! Kill these demonic beasts! Kill them!"

The expressions of the Thunder Gods and the Vice Guild leader of the Northern Expedition Trading Company changed drastically as they roared out in a stern voice.

"Let's fight against that Demonic Dragon!"

The white-haired thunder god gestured to the three thunder gods beside him as he growled in a low voice with an embarrassed expression.

"Alright!"

The other three thunder gods trembled as they gritted their teeth and charged towards the dark blazing demonic dragon.

"Damn it, how could this be!"

Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, Lei Tiansheng, and the rest of the young men stared at their surroundings with terrified expressions!

"Members of the Dragon Palace, kill them all!"

Wang Xian floated in the air and swept his gaze across the entire battlefield. His eyes flashed with a cold expression as he gave the order.

"Yes!"

The faces of all the disciples of the Dragon Palace were filled with violent killing intent.

More than 10,000 members charged into the battlefield in an orderly manner!

"Stop them!"

A God with nine wisps of divine fire from the Eternal Army roared with a ferocious expression when he saw the dragon palace charging into the battlefield.

Boom

The instant the collision began, blood splattered in all directions in an instant!

In just an instant, tens of thousands of people died and hundreds of thousands of Yaoxie were killed.

However, there were too many Yaoxie!

Wang Xian didn't take Yaoxie's death to heart. Yaoxie's death could be used as a resource for the members of the Dragon Palace to improve themselves.

He floated in the void quietly and watched the battle in front of him.

He didn't need to make a move. The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon was fighting against four thunder gods by himself. This way, he could completely suppress them.

The other eight demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state, together with AO xingmu, would be able to fight against eight peak of the godly state within a short period of time.

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, Lei Dongxue, who was located at the location of the Eternal Thunderclap, flew over from the battlefield. He shouted at Wang Xian in fear.

"You can stand by the side!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Yes, Dragon King!"

Lei Dongxue, who was completely loyal to the Dragon Palace, nodded respectfully.

"Lei Dongxue, you traitor. You actually colluded with the Dragon Palace!"

An extremely angry voice suddenly sounded from the front.

Lei Dongxue looked over with a gloomy face and didn't say a word!

Wang Xian turned his head and looked at the few young men. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Lei Beichen, Lei Tianming, Lei Tiansheng...

Each of the young men dared to look down on him just by relying on their background of the Eternal Thunderbolt!

Buzz

Wang Xian moved his body and flew directly toward them.

"Not good, the Dragon King is flying toward us!"

When they saw Wang Xian flying toward them, their expressions changed drastically and were filled with fear.

The Dragon King was at the peak of the godly state. They knew how big the gap between them and him was!

"What should we do? What should we do?"

Their faces were filled with panic and fear.

"What should we do? Are we going to rely on your Eternal Thunder?"

Wang Xian looked at their pale faces and was filled with mockery.

He waved his arm and a wave of destructive energy pressed down on their necks!

They couldn't resist at all!

"Cough, cough, cough. No, no, don't Kill Us!"

The few of them begged Wang Xian for mercy with despair on their faces. Their bodies were trembling violently.

"I want to kill all of you. It's like crushing an ant!"

Wang Xian said indifferently. With a wave of his arm, the few of them lost their lives instantly!

"Ah, no, no, no. First Elder, save me!"

Just then, a cry of despair broke out.

Wang Xian raised his head and looked towards the sky!

A god of thunder, covered with terrible lightning, but at the moment, he was caught by the Dragon Claw, only a head was exposed.

With a face full of despair, he shouted at the white-haired Thor and the others around him.

"Jie Jie Jie, with your Eternal Thunder of a few gods, also want to fight with the Dragon King, die!"

The Dark Thunder Demonic Dragon exerted a little strength with its tyrannical dragon claws. A terrifying demonic aura directly entered his body.

"Bang!"

He waved his dragon claws and threw it backward like a piece of trash.

A thunder god who was at the peak of the godly state was killed in just a minute!

The strength of an lie was so terrifying!

"This an Lie's strength is much stronger than ao crab back then. No wonder he was able to injure the god Lord!"

Wang Xian looked at the demonic dragon with monstrous demonic aura and thought to himself.

With him around, it would be difficult for everyone here to escape.

"How is this possible? How can that demonic dragon be so terrifying!"

However, in the surrounding area, everyone's face turned extremely pale when they saw a thunder god being easily killed by the demonic dragon.

Even the hearts of the Thunder gods trembled violently!

"Run, run away from here!"

The eyes of the Northern Expedition Trading Company's president and vice president narrowed slightly, their faces filled with terror.

Such a terrifying demonic dragon was simply not something they could contend against.

The two of them gritted their teeth and sized up their surroundings.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

They unleashed a terrifying attack towards the demonic god in front of them and hurriedly fled outside!

"Run! All disciples, run if you can!"

They shouted at all the disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

They fled outside desperately.

"You still want to escape? Back then, the Yu Huashen sect ambushed us in front of Tianmu Planet. All of you will be implicated!"

Wang Xian locked his gaze on the two peak-stage godly state experts of the Northern Expedition Trading Company. A cold expression appeared on his face!