Chapter 2148: None of the 2148 men could escape

"None of you can escape today!"

Wang Xian shouted and the five elements millstone above his head attacked the old man of light and the President of the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the two Yao Xie whom they were fighting saw that they wanted to escape, they roared and chased after them.

The Demon Dragon was their master and all Yao Xie obeyed their master's orders!

"Dragon King, you deserve to die!"

The Northern Expedition's Guild leader and the Old Man of light had ugly expressions on their faces when they saw the five elements millstone appearing in front of them.

They let out a savage roar!

The bamboo hat on the Northern Expedition's Guild Leader's head emitted an emerald-green light, and numerous sharp bamboos condensed from wood attribute shot towards the five elements millstone.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The bamboos collided with the five elements millstone, producing a loud boom.

However, when the guild leader of the Northern Expedition trading company saw that the five elements millstone was not damaged at all, his expression changed slightly!

"You two, can you escape?"

Wang Xian's figure flickered as he stood in the sky above the five elements millstone. He stared at them coldly.

"Dragon King, our Northern Expedition Trading Company has no enmity with you. Why do you have to go too far!"

The president of the Northern Expedition trading company growled at Wang Xian with a gloomy face.

He never expected that a fellow whom he didn't put in his eyes at the beginning would be able to force them into a desperate situation now!

"No enmity? Then ask the person next to you if there's no enmity!"

Wang Xian smiled coldly and continued to speak indifferently, "I won't talk too much with the dead!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

As soon as he finished his sentence, two demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state pounced towards them!

"Damn it!"

The two of them looked extremely embarrassed. They immediately met the two demonic beasts at the peak of the godly state that were attacking them.

Wang Xian smiled sinisterly. With a move of his palm, he transformed into a dragon claw and attacked the elder of light.

"Not good!"

The elder of Light's heart sank when he saw the demonic evil in front of him and the Dragon King behind him!

"Praise of light, protect your body!"

He let out a furious roar. A Ray of light descended from the sky and entered his body.

In an instant, his body transformed into the god of light, which was a thousand meters in size.

"Praise of light, godly sword!"

"Praise of light, Godly Wings!"

He continued to roar. A godly sword of light and wings appeared in his hands and behind him.

A pair of wings slashed directly at Wang Xian's Dragon Claw.

The Divine Sword of light in his hand blocked the demonic attack from the peak of the Godly State!

"Yin-yang dual polarity!"

Wang Xian waved his dragon claw and the power of the yin-yang dual polarity appeared on it.

"Yin-yang reversal!"

He shouted and the dual polarity diagram reversed. The dense power of darkness corroded the wings of light and caused them to melt rapidly.

"Boom!"

He used a little strength with his dragon claw and smashed it directly onto the light barrier.

"Boom!"

The powerful force caused the old man of light to stagger!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Yao Xie in front seized the opportunity and clawed at the old man of light with her sharp claws!

"Divine Kingdom of light!"

The old man of Light's expression changed drastically. He immediately roared and a divine kingdom appeared in the sky!

"Aooo!"

The Divine Kingdom of light was activated. Rays of light shot out indiscriminately towards the divine kingdom within a radius of a few hundred kilometers.

The demon with the darkness attribute let out a blood-curdling scream. A large part of his body seemed to have been corroded.

"Dragon Kingdom in the Palm!"

Wang Xian let out a soft cry. His entire Dragon Claw turned into a radius of a hundred kilometers and directly attacked the divine kingdom that was five to six hundred kilometers in the sky.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Dragon Claw clawed heavily on the surface. Pieces of light materials fell off from the divine kingdom.

"Get lost!"

The old man of Light's expression changed slightly. He held the divine staff of light and tapped lightly on Wang Xian's Dragon Claw.

Rays of light energy that were as bright as the aurora landed directly on the gigantic Dragon Claw. In an instant, they penetrated a hole that was 1,000 meters wide.

"Five elements millstone, Attack!"

Wang Xian stared at the elder of light coldly and had an idea.

In the sky above the Five Elements Millstone, five divine dragons roared. They pulled the gigantic millstone and rays of destructive energy attacked the divine kingdom.

"Roar!"

Below, Yao Xie, who was at the peak of the godly state, crouched down and attacked again rapidly.

"Oh no!"

The body of the elder of light trembled. He waved his divine staff and rays of light energy attacked Yao Xie.

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, when he was defending against Yao Xie, rays of terrifying attacks landed on his godly state.

The terrifying attacks caused his godly state to tremble violently. Rays of energy began to flicker!

"Five elements great mill, yin and Yang Extremes, seal!"

Wang Xian took a step forward with his right foot. The Five Elements Millstone and yin and yang poles directly sealed the entire Kingdom of God.

The seven luminaries entered the air and the chaotic energy continued to bombard the Kingdom of God!

"PFFT!"

The elder of light who was resisting the evil spat out a mouthful of blood!

The Kingdom of God was one with the god. If the Kingdom of God was attacked, the God would also be injured. Furthermore, this injury was very serious!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, that Yaoxie pounced right in front of the old man of light. Its gigantic mouth tore at him!

"Ah, I'm not satisfied. Die!"

The old man of light raised the divine staff of light in his hand with a horrified expression. An extreme white glow shot towards Yaoxie's mouth.

"PFFT!"

However, at the next moment, a sharp sword pierced through his body!

"Clang!"

The sharp sword let out a metallic sound as it was pulled back!

The body of the elder of light trembled. He turned his head stiffly and stared at Wang Xian. His face was filled with hatred!

"Roar!"

When the demon in front saw that Wang Xian had killed the elder of light, he roared and attacked another expert at the peak of the godly state.

"TSK TSK tsk, with just you guys, you still dare to come here and destroy me? TSK TSK TSK!"

"Die, all of You Die!"

An excited and ferocious roar came from the side.

Wang Xian looked over and saw that the demonic dragon was wreaking havoc among the seven to eight million people.

The white-haired Elder's entire body was extremely miserable and his face was completely pale!

The other two thunder gods had already been killed.

At this moment, an lie had completely charged into the seven to eight million people. Regardless of whether they were at the demigod level or the deity level, as long as they were hit by him, they would all be killed!

The demonic dragon was wreaking havoc. No one in the surroundings could withstand it.

Three Thunder Gods had already fallen at his hands. The Great Elder was also heavily injured. He could only watch this scene helplessly.

The old man of light had been killed. Currently, there were only seven peak deity Realm Thunder Gods.

However, the Seven Thunder Gods and the president of the Northern Expedition Trading Company were nothing in front of the Demonic Dragon!

As for the seven to eight million disciples, they were quickly annihilated under the attacks of billions of Yaoxie and the members of the Dragon Palace!

"After this, the strength of the Dragon Palace will undergo an earth-shattering change!"

Wang Xian looked at the entire battlefield. The corpses of Yaoxie, eternal thunderclap and the Northern Territory Alliance were enough to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace by two to three times!