Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2149: 2149’s strength had increased tremendously

"Ahhhh!"

"Dragon King, our Lord of Thunder God will not let you off. Our Eternal Thunder God will not let you off. Before long, all of you in the Dragon Palace will be killed. Not a single one will be spared!"

"Dragon King, you will die a horrible death. Just you wait. Before long, all of you will be exterminated as well!"

Screams and furious roars could be heard one after another!

The group of Thunder Gods from the Eternal Thunderclap roared furiously at Wang Xian. Their blood-red eyes were filled with hatred!

Wang Xian was floating in the air in front of him. When he heard some curses, his face was filled with a cold smile.

The strong preyed on the weak!

If he had not coincidentally bumped into the Demonic Dragon's son of Heaven, an lie, but someone else, he would be the one who died today and the Dragon Palace would also be exterminated.

Now that he was alive, those who wanted to kill him would have to suffer his revenge!

Wang Xian did not have a good impression of eternal lightning! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

In order to survive, the Demon Dragon, an lie, did his best to wreak havoc among the seven to eight million people. No one could withstand his attacks and no one could escape from this place.

Even if the five thunder gods wanted to break through from just one place, they were easily blocked by him.

The demonic dragon an lie could be said to have used 100% of his strength.

Under such circumstances, the number of seven to eight million people decreased at a terrifying speed.

In less than half an hour, 90% of the people died at the hands of the demonic dragon, Yao Xie, and the Dragon Palace!

The last 700 to 800,000 people were struggling bitterly there.

"The path of the strong is forged from bones. The throne of the strong is formed from blood!"

Wang Xian looked ahead quietly.

Regardless of whether it was on the supernatural continent or in the universe, if one wanted to be strong, they would never be able to escape from battle and Slaughter!

This reminded Wang Xian of the scenes that appeared in his mind when he first established the Dragon Palace.

The war between the races, the war in the universe... And the last scene of the war against the Endless Zerg!

Compared to those wars, the battle in front of him was nothing!

A strong person must have a strong heart!

Wang Xian revealed a smile as he waited for the fruits of the war.

"Reporting to Dragon King, all the enemies have been dealt with!"

When the last scream ended, before the members of the Dragon Palace could fly over, Wang Xian arrived in front of him with his huge body swaying in the dark.

He reported to Wang Xian respectfully.

"Not bad!"

Wang Xian nodded at him in satisfaction.

"Phew!"

Seeing Wang Xian's expression, an lie heaved a sigh of relief.

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, the members of the Dragon Palace flew over.

"Collect all the corpses and place them on the planet behind!"

Wang Xian ordered them.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to an lie and flew toward the planet in the center.

"Dragon King, these three planets were my old nest!"

An lie transformed into his human form and followed beside Wang Xian. He said with a smile on his face.

"Was it people like you who did the evil invasion of the Milky Way Galaxy on Earth in the past?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings and looked at some of the Yaoxie before asking him.

The Demonic Dragon Emperor's strength on earth was much weaker than the Dragon Palace. However, in such a short period of time, he had a force that was even stronger than the Dragon Palace.

This made him extremely surprised.

"Dragon King, a few hundred thousand years ago, I was just a nobody who could destroy an entire galaxy. I don't have the ability to do so. It was done by an expert at the level of our sect's divine Lord!"

"Actually, the main reason was that Yaoxie lost control and caused the entire star field to be destroyed!"

An lie spoke carefully, afraid that he would destroy Wang Xian if he made a mistake!

"Yaoxie lost control?"

Wang Xian looked at him in puzzlement.

"Dragon King, Summoning Yaoxie requires sacrifices. The summoned Yaoxie must be suppressed with great strength!"

"However, demonic beasts grow very quickly. Once their strength exceeds their own, they will lose control. There are also other situations that will cause demonic beasts to lose control!"

"Once demonic beasts lose control, it will be very troublesome. They will reproduce and give birth to small demonic beasts!"

An lie immediately replied.

"In that case, the appearance of demonic beasts in the eastern region of the boundless star field and other star fields was all your doing?"

Wang Xian looked at him!

"Ahem, Dragon King, it was caused by my mistake when I came to the boundless star field. The growth rate of those demons is too fast now. I Can't control them anymore!"

"However, when my strength breaks through to the realm of the eternal divine lord, I will be able to subdue or kill all those demons!"

"It's also possible that I don't have to make a move. Those divine lords will be able to solve the problem. After all, the crisis caused isn't that great!"

The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon said in embarrassment.

Wang Xian ignored him and landed on a mountain peak on the planet.

"Dragon Palace!"

His body shook and the Dragon Palace slowly appeared in front of him.

An incomparably huge ocean dragged the Majestic Dragon Palace and emitted a vast aura.

"Prime Minister Gui, send out all the members of the Dragon Palace immediately!"

He shouted softly and ordered Prime Minister Gui who was inside.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Soon, Prime Minister Gui flew out with a group of members of the Dragon Palace.

"Go and help ao Qitian and the rest clean up the battlefield. Next, we will use it to raise the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian instructed them!

"HMM?"

Prime Minister Gui looked over. Soon after, a burning expression appeared on his face.

In the void in front of them, there were more than a billion corpses floating in the air.

There were 17 peak God realm corpses and more than 30 of them had nine wisps of divine fire!

There were more than 700 to 800 god realm and above.

With so many corpses, the amount of dragon blood that could be converted would reach a terrifying realm!

Apart from the corpses, there were many huge God kingdoms floating in the air. Each god Kingdom would have a huge amount of resources.

"Move the corpses and the divine kingdoms over immediately. Move the divine herbs and divine trees in the divine kingdoms to the herb farm of the Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui instructed all the members of the Dragon Palace with burning eyes.

"Yes!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace nodded and immediately went over.

It took a full two hours to move all the resources over.

"Dragon King, with so many evil and powerful corpses, how do we upgrade them?"

Prime Minister Gui came before Wang Xian and asked him.

"All the corpses of the demigod level and half of the demigod level, upgrade the corpses of the ordinary members of the Dragon Palace!"

"As for the rest of the corpses, upgrade the strength of the divine level disciples of the Dragon Palace. Train at least five to six members with peak divine level combat strength!"

Wang Xian thought for a moment and instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head excitedly and immediately entered the Dragon Palace.

After this upgrade, the strength of the Dragon Palace would undergo an earth-shattering change!