Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2150: 2150 harvest

Buzz

The Dragon Palace slowly disappeared. All the members of the Dragon Palace followed the Dragon Palace back to Earth!

This was a special characteristic of the divine kingdom. No matter where the divine kingdom was, it could be summoned directly.

However, summoning the divine kingdom would consume a huge amount of energy. It could not be maintained here forever!

The Divine Kingdom returned to its original location. The gods could not follow the divine kingdom back directly.

Wang Xian ordered all the members of the Dragon Palace to stay in the Dragon Palace and increase their strength with all their might!

"Let's go to the nest of those forces in the Northern Territory Alliance!"

Wang Xian looked at the Dragon Palace that had disappeared and said to the dark blazing demonic dragon beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

An lie nodded immediately.

"Oh right, what do you do with these demons?"

Wang Xian looked at the densely packed demons around him and asked an lie.

"Dragon King, I can store them into my divine kingdom. My divine kingdom is similar to the form of the Devil's Lair!"

An lie smiled and swept his gaze across the evil spirits around him.

"Roar!"

He roared and the densely packed evil spirits around him entered a devil's lair at the back!

"Dragon King, I need to bring my divine kingdom and place it in a safe place!"

An lie told Wang Xian.

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded.

"Dragon King, I will bring you along!"

As an lie spoke, his body moved and transformed into a terrifying demonic dragon that was 20,000 meters long. He lowered his head slightly.

Wang Xian landed on his dragon head and revealed a smile.

"Roar!"

An lie roared and flew directly towards the Northern Alliance!

An lie flew very fast. After two hours, they arrived at a lifeless planet and placed the demon Den divine kingdom there.

Following that, they flew straight towards the Northern Territory Alliance's Planet.

With all the forces of the Northern Territory Alliance destroyed, it could be said that the entire Northern Territory Alliance's dozens of planets were in a state of ownerless.

This was not important. What was important was that each of the forces'lairs would definitely have many treasures!

At the very least, there were definitely many treasures like the divine grass and divine tree.

Wang Xian wanted to keep all the treasures before eternal thunderclap discovered that they had been destroyed.

Rumble

However, just as Wang Xian and an lie were flying toward the lair of the Northern Region Alliance's factions, they were in the center of Eternal Thunderclap, the Eternal Divine Kingdom.

A dull sound rang out as bolts of lightning descended from the sky. The entire eternal kingdom was filled with lightning.

In a hall in the eternal kingdom, the thunder god Lord, whose entire body was covered in lightning, stood there with a gloomy expression.

In front of him were many divine tablets. Each divine tablet was connected to an eternal thunder god.

Among them, a large number of divine tablets had completely cracked.

This meant that they had fallen!

Especially the dozens of divine tablets at the top. The cracks were shocking, and the name of a certain thunder god was written on them!

"Lord God, not long ago, we discovered that the divine tablets had been broken on a large scale!"

Two women knelt in front of the divine tablets and felt an incomparably terrifying pressure. Their bodies trembled as they spoke in a low voice.

Just now, when they discovered that the medallion had been shattered on a large scale, they were somewhat shocked.

This was especially so when more than ten of the Thunder God's medallions had been directly shattered. This was the peak power of the entire eternal thunderclap.

After the appearance of Yaoxie, the entire eternal thunderclap had already lost 80% of its thunder god.

Now, there were only a few thunder gods in the entire eternal thunderclap!

This was a huge loss for them!

"Crack Crack Crack!"

Crisp sounds came from thunder god Lord's body. Through the cold lightning, one could see his cold face.

"There's something wrong with the devil den. The Devil Dragon has been suppressed by me, it's already dead, how can there be a Problem!"

A low roar came from the thunder god Master's mouth!

"Crackle crackle!"

Thunder suddenly exploded from his body, purple lightning encircling his entire body.

"Peng!"

With a loud sound, the thunder god Master's body disappeared.

In the void, one could see a purple lightning bolt flying at a terrifying speed.

An hour later, the thunder god Master appeared in front of the three planets.

The void was still filled with the smell of blood. His face was extremely gloomy as he scanned his surroundings.

Sensing the aura left behind by the Devil Dragon, thunder god Lord's face was filled with brutality.

"Devil Dragon!"

He growled!

"Crackle crackle!"

Bolts of lightning appeared out of thin air around him. The lightning spread over an area of tens of millions of kilometers and slowly enveloped the three planets.

"Demon Dragon, i, Thunderclap, will definitely take your head!"

"Rumble!"

He let out a low roar, and the three planets exploded under the terrifying lightning. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

A bolt of purple lightning flashed, and Thunderclap god Lord's figure completely disappeared.

He had lost more than a dozen thunder gods, and he had lost one of the two most powerful legions of eternal thunderclap, eternal thunderclap.

He had lost a few hundred deity realm experts, and two-thirds of Eternal Thunderclap's power had been lost in an instant!

Two hours later, the news of Eternal Thunderclap's extermination spread to the northern region at a terrifying speed.

When eternal thunderclap and the other godly state experts received the news, they fell silent!

"After the god Lord returned, the entire eternal divine kingdom was filled with thunder. This time, our eternal thunderclap has suffered a huge loss!"

"That damned Devil Dragon. Once our god Lord recovers, we will definitely exterminate it!"

On a planet in the center of Eternal Shocking Thunder, three figures were sitting in a towering palace.

There were only three people in this palace, and it was abnormally empty!

There were seats placed around them, but they were completely empty at this moment.

This was the thunder god Pavilion that was famous throughout Eternal Shocking Thunder!

WA once had more than twenty thunder gods whose might shook the entire northern region, but now there were only three thunder gods left.

"Apart from a group of thunder gods, the other disciples and deity realm experts have suffered great losses. At this time, we have to think of a way!"

The only middle-aged thunder god frowned and said with an embarrassed expression.

"The Northern Alliance that we recruited should have been destroyed. Take this opportunity to unify the entire northern region. Also, bring all the resources of those forces over!"

"Next, we should properly nurture new blood for eternal thunderclap. Otherwise, if eternal divine leaf targets us now, we will be very passive!"

A thunder god suggested.

"Alright, I will immediately bring people to the northern alliance and subdue them. We will also recruit some outstanding talents!"

The middle-aged thunder god nodded and stood up!

"Alright, nine thunder god, you go. We'll handle the matters here!"

The other two thunder gods nodded.

In Eternal Shocking Thunder, the thunder god Lord usually didn't do anything. Everything was discussed by a type of thunder god. Currently, only three thunder gods could handle all the matters of eternal shocking thunder!