Chapter 2151: 2151. My Dragon Palace wants half of the northern region

Northern Expedition Free Trade Planet!

On the main planet of the Northern Expedition Trading Company, there was only one free trade planet other than the free planet created by Eternal Thunder!

The teleportation array flickered and two figures slowly appeared.

A young man with a pair of seven-colored dragon horns, a towering head, and an extraordinary temperament!

Beside the young man was a young man dressed in a long black robe. The young man was tall and sturdy, and he exuded a fierce aura.

He also had a pair of dragon horns on his head. The pitch-black dragon horns made him look extremely domineering.

The two of them were naturally Wang Xian and an lie who came from the demon lair.

"This is the base of the Northern Expedition Trading Company. Let's go over and take all the treasures from their base!"

"Also, control the ocean here!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings.

There were many people on the free planet. All of them came from other planets. There were many disciples dressed in the uniforms of various forces. They were exceptionally distinct in their surroundings.

Similar to the ancient buildings on earth, many pavilions and towers were erected high up!

The buildings were hundreds of meters and thousands of meters tall. They were emitting energy, just like the legendary Celestial Court on Earth!

Wang Xian moved his body and floated in the sky. His gaze swept across his surroundings.

"Dragon King, that void should be the base of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon looked around and pointed at the void a few million kilometers away.

In the void, there was a floating city. The city looked ancient and was filled with heritage.

Around the city, some people were coming and going.

From Afar, they could see the words "Northern Expedition trading company"!

"Let's go to the ocean first!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the city. He was not in a hurry. Instead, he flew directly to the ocean.

Hualala

Very soon, when they arrived at the ocean, they realized that the ocean was completely occupied by humans.

At the bottom of the ocean, there was a huge trading ground for aquatic creatures and products. Looking from the sky, it was a spectacular sight!

"Move this trading city to the location near the ocean!"

Wang Xian floated in the sky and looked at the vast ocean below. He said faintly. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"It's the Dragon King!"

An lie nodded his head. His body shook and the dark scales that looked like dragon scales behind him drifted toward the ocean below.

The terrifying dragon scales rapidly grew, directly increasing the area by several million kilometers.

The dragon scales sank into the ocean, directly dragging the underwater trading city!

"What happened? What's going on?"

"Who are you? How dare you cause trouble in our Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

A clamorous voice sounded from below. The expressions of everyone in the underwater city changed slightly, and they shouted sternly.

However, when the experts in the city flew out and saw the entire city being lifted up, their expressions were slightly shocked.

They looked at the two figures in the sky with a look of shock on their faces.

"Who are you? This is the territory of our Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

A God who was stationed here stared at Wang Xian and an lie with a serious expression as he shouted sternly.

"Keke, just the bunch of trash from your Northern Expedition Trading Company are all dead. From now on, this is the territory of the Dragon Palace!"

An lie shouted sternly. With a wave of his arm, the entire huge city flew towards the sea.

"Huala!"

Wang Xian ignored him. With a move, he entered the sea.

"Level five Dragon Palace established!"

Ding! "The host has sufficient materials to establish a level five Dragon Palace!"

His heart skipped a beat as the system's voice rang in his head!

Soon, a dragon palace appeared at the bottom of the ocean with the naked eye!

Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace and stepped into the teleportation formation. He was instantly teleported to the Dragon Palace on Earth!

"Prime Minister Gui, send some disciples to the Dragon Palace on the free trade planet in the north to take over all the resources!"

After appearing in the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian transmitted his voice to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King. I will send my disciples over now!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately.

Soon, more than a thousand members of the Dragon Palace followed Wang Xian and teleported to the Dragon Palace in the Northern Expedition to the free planet.

"Let's Go!"

His body moved and he immediately flew out of the sea.

A Thousand Disciples of the Dragon Palace followed behind him. When they saw the huge dragon palace that appeared in just a few minutes, they were extremely shocked.

He immediately followed behind and flew directly towards the city that was suspended in the void.

However, when Wang Xian and the rest flew over, shadows flickered in the teleportation formation of the Northern Expedition to the free planet.

Soon, more than 10,000 powerhouses appeared!

The leader was a middle-aged man dressed in purple thunder armor. His face was filled with dignity.

Behind him were five god-level experts and over 10,000 elite disciples.

A middle-aged man held a flag in his hand. The flag was fluttering in the air!

The eye-catching words "Eternal Thunder"were reflected in the eyes of everyone around them!

"Eternal Thunder! That's Eternal Thunder! Why are there so many eternal thunder experts here? !"

"The leader is a thunder god. Oh My God, what are they doing here?"

"All the experts of our Northern Expedition Trading Company have been recruited. What are they doing here?"

The appearance of more than ten thousand people of eternal thunderclap alarmed everyone around. Some people looked over, their faces filled with shock.

"All the experts of the Northern Expedition Trading Company have died in battle. We are here to take over all the territories of the Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

Nine thunder god swept his gaze across the surroundings as he coldly shouted.

His pair of majestic eyes flickered with lightning as he stared at the city in the sky in front of him!

"Go over!"

He lightly shouted as he directly flew towards the city in the sky!

The tens of thousands of people behind him immediately followed behind him as they flew away!

"What? All the experts of our Northern Expedition Trading Company have died in battle!"

The expressions of all the northern expedition trading company disciples around the array changed when they heard nine thunder god's words.

"They want to take over our Northern Expedition Trading Company's Territory!"

Some people's pupils constricted, and their faces were filled with embarrassment.

"All the gods of the northern expedition trading company, core disciples, all come out!"

"Rumble!"

Nine Thunder God led a group of experts to the sky above the city. He stared at the main entrance in front of him and roared!

With his voice, Thunder roared in the sky, and terrifying Thunderbolts brewed in the sky.

"What happened? Just now, there was news from the ocean that an expert had invaded. They said that the president of our Northern Expedition Trading Company and the others have been killed!"

At this moment, in a luxurious palace in the center of the city, five or six god-level experts stationed on the planet had just received the news from the ocean. When they heard this voice, their faces changed drastically!

They looked at the Thunder in the sky, and their faces turned pale!

"All disciples, follow us out!"

The six of them looked at each other and immediately flew forward.

"Oh? That is? Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

When the six gods flew over with over 10,000 disciples, they saw the eternal shocking thunder flag floating in the sky, and their expressions changed!