Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2152: 2152. The Dragon Palace in the northern region wants half of it

[ the has been revised. Those who have read it, please read it again. I'm Sorry! ]

In the teleportation formation of the Northern Expedition to the free planet, many phantoms flickered.

Soon, the Phantoms materialized, and more than 10,000 experts appeared!

The leader was a middle-aged man wearing a purple thunder armor. His face was full of dignity.

Behind him were five god-level experts and over 10,000 elite disciples.

A middle-aged man held a flag in his hand. The flag was fluttering in the air!

The eye-catching words "Eternal Thunder"were reflected in the eyes of everyone around them!

"Eternal Thunder! That's Eternal Thunder! Why are there so many eternal thunder experts here? !"

"The leader is a thunder god. Oh My God, what are they doing here?"

"All the experts from our Northern Expedition Trading Company have been recruited. What are they doing here?"

The appearance of more than 10,000 people from eternal thunderclap alarmed everyone around the teleportation formation. Some of them looked over with reverence on their faces.

Nine thunderclap swept his gaze across the surroundings. His pair of majestic eyes flickered with lightning as he stared at the city in the sky in front of him!

"Go over!"

With a light shout, he directly flew towards the northern expedition city's main city, which was a few hundred kilometers away

The tens of thousands of disciples behind him immediately followed behind him!

The group of more than ten thousand people carried a terrifying might!

"Eh?"

However, when nine thunder god and the others arrived in front of the city and saw the terrifying darkness in the sky and the group of people in front of the city gates, they slightly raised their brows!

"Crash!"

Beside him, the godly state expert who was holding the eternal thunderbolt flag stared ahead and waved his arm!

"Rumble!"

The sound of Thunder came from the flag and the sound of thunder reverberated throughout the world!

The sudden explosion of thunder in the sky stunned Wang Xian and the rest who had just landed in front of the city gate.

Wang Xian sensed the aura behind him. He raised his eyebrows and turned his head!

"Eh?"

The Northern Expedition Trading Company stood respectfully behind Wang Xian and the rest. They also turned their heads in surprise!

"That's... That's the eternal thunderclap. It's the flag of the Eternal Thunderclap!"

The northern expedition trading company's disciples looked shocked when they saw the flag floating in the air.

"Rumble!"

With a thunderous roar, more than 10,000 eternal thunderclap disciples rushed over like a world-shaking thunderclap.

They were floating in front of the city. The leader of the purple thundergod battle armor, nine Thundergod, was coldly looking forward.

"It's thunder god! The middle-aged man in the lead is the thunder god of Eternal Thunderclap. He's wearing the thunder god Battle Armor!"

One of the six godly state experts stared at nine thundergod and shouted in a low voice with a shocked face.

"Thunder God!"

The rest of the godly state experts also changed their expressions. Their eyes were filled with respect.

"Where are the disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company?"

Nine Thunder God looked around and asked calmly.

"Greetings, Lord Thunder God!"

The six godly state experts of the northern expedition trading company changed their expressions. They immediately walked forward and shouted respectfully.

They were filled with doubt. Just now, the Dragon Palace wanted them to submit. Why did Eternal Shocking Thunder's group of experts also come?

"All the experts of the Northern Expedition Trading Company have fallen. Now, Eternal Thunderclap will take over everything in the Northern Expedition Trading Company!"

"In addition, eternal thunderclap has suffered a great loss this time. They have specially allowed the god who ignited the divine fire in the Northern Expedition Trading Company to join Eternal Thunderclap. He will become the eternal thunderclap god and enjoy the treatment of an eternal thunderclap god-level expert!"

"The other elite disciples will also have the opportunity to join Eternal Thunderclap!"

Nine thunder god calmly ordered them.

"What?"

The six northern expedition's god-realm experts were slightly stunned when they heard nine thunder god's words.

The death of their president and the experts from the trading company was undoubtedly a bolt from the blue for them.

Just like just now, they did not have the strength to resist against that group of people and could only submit.

But what they never expected was that eternal thunderclap God would come over and recruit them!

And let them join Eternal Thunderclap!

This was a blessing in disguise for them!

After becoming eternal thunderclap's disciple, they could do whatever they wanted in the entire northern region!

In the entire northern region, which faction dared to defy eternal thunderclap?

No!

Eternal Thunderclap's words were something all the experts of the northern region alliance had to obey.

Once they joined Eternal Thunderclap, the benefits were obvious!

In an instant, their faces were filled with fervent expressions!

"Lord thundergod, we... We are naturally willing to join Eternal Thunderclap!"

The old man in the lead immediately replied.

"Alright!"

Nine thundergod nodded in satisfaction.

"But... But..."

Just as the old man finished his sentence, he suddenly felt a sense of death looming over his heart.

The old man's expression changed. He looked at Wang Xian and the rest beside him and quickly spoke to the nine thunder god.

"HMM? But what?"

A hint of impatience flashed across the nine thunder god's eyes as he interrupted him coldly!

If eternal shocking thunder had not suffered heavy losses this time, they would not have come here to recruit their subordinates and disciples!

"They have already submitted to us. All the items from the Northern Expedition Trading Company already belong to our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian, who was standing at the back, looked at eternal shocking thunder and the other experts who had suddenly appeared. When he saw this scene, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

He took a step forward and said coldly.

"Huh?" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Wang Xian's sudden words caused the expression of the nine thunder god, who had a dignified look on his face, to change slightly. A cold gaze swept toward them.

"Lord Thunder God, we don't want to submit to the Dragon Palace. They are the ones who are threatening us!"

"They said if we don't submit, they will destroy us directly. Lord Thunder God, you have to stand up for us!"

The expressions of the six godly state experts from the northern expedition trading company changed instantly. They looked at each other and immediately reported to nine thunder god.

At the same time, they pointed at Wang Xian and the rest with furious expressions!

At this moment, they naturally knew what they should do!

Although they had some impression of the Dragon Palace, it was on a completely different level compared to eternal thunderclap.

Naturally, they wanted to join Eternal Thunderclap.

As for the Dragon Palace, they dared to compete with eternal thunderclap? They were simply courting death!

With eternal thunderclap as their backer, why would they be afraid of the Dragon Palace?

"Dragon Palace? The Dragon Palace of the Northern Territory Alliance?"

The nine thunder god had naturally heard of the Dragon Palace before. He locked his gaze on Wang Xian and questioned!

"The Northern Territory Alliance is no longer around. Our Dragon Palace is still around. Our Dragon Palace wants to take over all the planets belonging to the Northern Territory Alliance!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said calmly.

"This is the spoils of war from our Dragon Palace!"

Finally, he added nonchalantly!

"Haha, Dragon Palace? Let me tell you guys. We, Eternal Thunderclap, want to unify the Northern Territory. Now, you guys actually dare to compete with us, Eternal Thunderclap. Are you courting death?"

The nine thunder god suddenly laughed out loud. Following that, he shouted with an extremely cold tone.

A force that belonged to the peak of the deity realm charged directly at Wang Xian.

His face was filled with wanton and disdain!

You Dare to compete with Eternal Thunderclap for something?