Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2153: 2153. My Dragon Palace wants half of the northern region

If eternal thunderclap was described as a dynasty.

Then the entire northern region could be described as the king of all the lands under the heavens!

The entire northern region was under the threat of eternal thunderclap.

No one dared to fight against eternal thunderclap!

In the past, there was no one!

The unbridled aura of the nine thunder god charged towards Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked over and smiled faintly. In the past, no one dared to fight against the Eternal Thunderbolts!

However, this didn't mean that there wouldn't be anyone in the future!

"Everyone, we are not your spoils of war. If we were to choose to join a faction, we would naturally choose to follow the eternal Thunderbolts and Lord Thunder God!"

"As for Your Dragon Palace, Hehe, if it wasn't for the fact that our guild leader and Vice Guild Leader died in the demon den, you wouldn't want us to submit to you. Do you have the qualifications to do so?"

When the six gods of the Northern Expedition trading company saw the powerful look of the thunder god, they spoke in a condescending manner.

Under such circumstances, they naturally knew what they should do!

Furthermore, they had the opportunity to join Eternal Thunderclap. With such a backing, what was the Dragon Palace? They might be wiped out very soon.

"I've already said that the Northern Region Alliance is the spoils of War of our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian stared at the nine thunder god and said calmly!

"Dragon King, these bunch of reckless fellows. Do you want me to kill them?"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, the dark blazing demonic dragon beside him growled in a low voice with a displeased expression.

More than a dozen thunder gods had died because of him. Now, a mere thunder god dared to act so presumptuously in front of the Dragon King. Wasn't this asking for trouble?

"Kill Us?"

Nine Thunder God was stunned when he heard his words. A terrifying killing intent soared into the sky.

"Rumble!"

In the sky, bolts of lightning condensed and flashed across the entire sky.

"You're courting death!"

Sensing the thunder god's anger, the surrounding eternal thunder experts waved their arms and weapons appeared in their hands.

Their eyes were locked onto an lie, ready to attack at any moment. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"How dare you disrespect Lord Thunder God!"

The six godly state experts from the northern expedition trading company also snorted coldly. Sharp swords and staffs appeared in their hands as they stared at him coldly.

"Anyone who obstructs us, Eternal Thunderclap, shall be killed without mercy!"

As the nine thunder god spoke coldly, a thunder staff appeared in his hand!

"Dragon King!"

An lie looked at Wang Xian with a sinister gaze. As long as he gave an order, he would slaughter everyone in front of him.

"Now that you are facing the thunder god Lord, can you block his attack?"

Wang Xian looked at an lie and asked with a frown.

"Dragon King, this... might still be lacking. However, he doesn't dare to fight with me. Even if I die, I can still severely injure him!"

"Without 1,800 years, he won't be able to recover!"

"I'm only two points away from him at most!"

An lie said embarrassedly!

"Oh? What if he were to improve a little?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

"If he were to improve a little, then the thunder god Lord would have to consider whether he would dare to fight me head-on!"

An lie raised his head slightly and said confidently.

"That's good. Anyway, as long as the Dragon Palace occupies half of the northern region's ocean, they will have to be attacked by eternal thunderbolt. By then, they will be able to find some clues!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

Once the Dragon Palace wanted to occupy the Northern Region Alliance's forces, they would have to face eternal thunderbolt.

With the power of eternal thunderbolt, they would be able to easily find some information.

After all, everyone was dead, and only the people from the Dragon Palace were still alive. Eternal Shocking Thunder would not let the Dragon Palace go.

Since they were already enemies, there was nothing to be afraid of!

He did not have the strength before, but now he had some confidence!

Then, let's do it!

"You're courting death, kill them!"

Nine Thunder God saw the two people talking as if there was no one else around.

They even said that they could fight their god Lord 60-40. A cold light flashed in his eyes as he shouted sternly.

"Hualala!"

In an instant, all the experts of eternal thunderclap started to move!

"Kill them!"

Wang Xian said to an lie who was beside him.

"Keke, it's the Dragon King!"

A black glint flashed across the eyes of the dark lie demonic dragon as he stared at the nine thunder god who was right in front of him.

"There are already more than a dozen thunder gods who have died under my hands. It Won't be a problem if there's one more of you!"

"Roar!"

He let out a low roar, and his face revealed a willful malevolence.

"A group of people who don't know the immensity of Heaven and Earth!"

Nine Thunder God's expression was extremely unsightly. Lightning spread out from the divine staff in his hand, and in an instant, the surroundings were completely covered by lightning.

When had the thunder god of Eternal Shocking Thunder ever dared to be so arrogant to him.

Which force dared to be so disrespectful to eternal shocking thunder! !

"Thunder, divine punishment!"

He waved his arm, his eyes filled with indifference.

"Bang!"

"You're too close to me!"

However, at this moment, nine thunder god, who had always thought that eternal shocking thunder was invincible and relied on his thunder god's strength, suddenly heard a voice.

Locked tightly, he could feel his neck being grabbed by the black-robed young man.

At this moment, his expression changed drastically. The lightning around him had no effect on the black-robed youth at all.

The terrifying power made him feel suffocated.

Waves of dark power invaded his entire body.

His body trembled!

"Keke Keke!"

In the next moment, he felt himself being grabbed by a hand to the youth's side.

The youth's face was filled with malevolence as he looked around wantonly. With a wave of his arm!

"Boom!"

A terrifying darkness directly swept towards the disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder.

"How is this possible! ?"

The disciples of Eternal Shocking Thunder saw this scene.

Their lord thunder god was actually subdued in an instant. This... How could they believe it! !

At this moment, the darkness directly swept towards them.

Over 10,000 eternal shocking thunder experts and disciples had no chance to resist at all. They were directly sent flying.

They stared at their blackened bodies in horror. Their faces were filled with fear.

"Those two young men... What they said just now was true!"

At this moment, they recalled the conversation between the two of them.

When they heard it, they were filled with contempt and even disdain. However, at this moment... There was only fear!

"Leave One Alive!"

Wang Xian looked at the fearful expressions of everyone in eternal thunderclap and said in a dull tone.

"It's the Dragon King!"

"Ahhhhh!"

As soon as he said that, screams of pain rang out.

The nine thunder god widened his eyes. His face was flushed red as he looked at the scene in disbelief.

In the northern region, there was actually someone who dared to kill the disciple of Eternal Shocking Thunder. He dared to kill the Thunder God!

It was not the other party's strength. Such actions were equivalent to starting a war with a god.

However, when he thought of the words of the two people just now, his heart sank!

"Pu!"

Just as his thoughts were running wild, death approached. His eyes widened, his body trembled violently, and he slowly stopped!