Chapter 2154: 2154 shook the northern region and challenged Eternal Shocking Thunder

"No, no, don't kill me, don't kill me!"

With a wave of an Lie's hand, more than 10,000 eternal shocking Thunder Disciples died!

One Thunder God didn't have the slightest ability to resist.

"Die!"The only surviving demigod roared in despair when he saw this scene.

He stood in the middle of a group of corpses, his entire body trembling non-stop!

Stupefied!

At this moment, the people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company and the six gods stationed in the main city were completely stupefied.

What did they see?

This group of people had actually killed Eternal Lightning's thunder god and over 10,000 disciples!

That thunder god actually didn't have the slightest chance to resist. What sort of concept was this?

What sort of strength was this?

"Cough Cough Cough!"

"They want to be enemies with eternal shocking thunder, this..."

The six gods'expressions changed drastically, and they couldn't help but take a step back.

The surroundings were silent, and only the trembling voice of the eternal shocking thunder disciple could be heard.

Once upon a time, such a disciple would be extremely glorious in the northern region!

Now, in front of the people from the Dragon Palace, he was like a dead dog that could be easily killed!

"Go back and tell your Eternal Thunderclap God Lord that my Dragon Palace wants half of the Northern Region!"

Wang Xian looked at the demi-god powerhouse who had collapsed and said to him calmly.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes!"

The demi-god powerhouse came back to his senses and nodded his head hurriedly.

Following that, he turned around and fled frantically towards the teleportation formation.

Wang Xian smiled faintly and looked at the people from the Northern Expedition Trading Company.

Gulp

The six godly state experts from the Northern Expedition trading company swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Their faces were filled with fear.

"We... Our Northern Expedition trading company is willing to..."

"You guys are on the wrong team!"

Their voices were trembling slightly. However, before they could finish their words, Wang Xian interrupted them directly!

"A bunch of trash. Were you thinking of joining that bunch of trash to deal with US Just Now?"

An lie took a step forward and raised his hand.

A dragon claw condensed from attributes directly attacked them.

"No, no, we were wrong. Don't Kill Us!"

A godly state expert shouted with a face full of fear.

His voice quickly came to an abrupt halt!

"Greetings... Greetings to the Dragon King, greetings to the Lords of the Dragon Palace!"

Behind them, the disciples of the Northern Expedition Trading Company looked at this scene with faces full of shock. They kneeled on the ground in panic and shouted loudly.

"One of you, bring us inside!"

An lie raised his head slightly and said to them!

"Yes, yes, sir. This humble one will bring you all. This humble one is very familiar with this place. If there's anything you need, sir, please let us know!"

The surrounding people looked at each other. Finally, an elder stood up and wiped the cold sweat on his forehead as he said with a trembling voice.

"Alright, lead the way!"

Wang Xian said to him. The group of people walked straight in.

Once they entered, Wang Xian would leave everything to Prime Minister Gui to handle!

All the resources should be taken away!

"An lie, follow me!"

Wang Xian looked at the dark lie demonic dragon and said to him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

An lie nodded respectfully.

Now that his life was in someone else's hands, he didn't dare to disobey!

After bringing an lie into the dragon palace, Wang Xian sized him up.

"Transform into a demonic dragon!"

Wang Xian said to him.

"Roar!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

An lie nodded his head and transformed into a huge demonic dragon immediately.

Looking at the Majestic Demonic Dragon Body, Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

All the Sons of Heaven of the true dragons only obtained the Dragon Soul. The dragon soul could help them condense a dragon body. However, they didn't obtain the true inheritance of the Divine Dragon.

The most powerful members of the Divine Dragon Clan were the dragon body and the Divine Dragon Transformation!

A divine dragon without the divine dragon transformation could not be called a true divine dragon.

"Next, I will pass on the cultivation method of the Divine Dragon to you. After comprehending it, your strength should be able to increase once again!"

Wang Xian said to him faintly.

Now that an lie's cultivation had reached the peak of the godly state, he could rely on the divine dragon body to injure the eternal god Lord and easily kill a powerhouse at the peak of the godly state.

If he obtained the Divine Dragon Transformation, he would be able to improve once again. At that time, just as an lie had said, he would not be afraid of the Thunder God!

"The cultivation method of the Divine Dragon!"

An lie was slightly shocked. His dragon eyes were filled with anticipation.

Wang Xian had a thought and transmitted the cultivation method of the Divine Dragon Transformation of Darkness to his mind!

"Roar!"

When an lie received the messages one by one, he let out an excited roar.

His dragon body was trembling with excitement.

If the dragon body could give him terrifying combat strength, then the divine dragon transformation could allow him to cultivate to the pinnacle of the universe.

He would become an undying existence!

Wang Xian watched as an lie gradually immersed himself in his cultivation and smiled faintly.

His heart stirred and he ordered a clone to rush over.

With the clone, he led the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace to the base of the god Burning Empire and the enchanting divine sect.

Wang Xian wanted to obtain the treasures in the base of all the forces in the Northern Territory Alliance as soon as possible. In addition, he wanted to build the Dragon Palace on those planets!

Just as the Dragon Palace was expanding crazily, a middle-aged man was sweating profusely on the main planet of the Eternal Thunderclap. He flew toward the Thundergod Pavilion in the center of the planet in a panic.

The middle-aged man's face was pale and his lips were trembling.

"Who are you? Stop!"

When he flew to the front of the thunder god mansion, more than ten patrols shouted at him coldly!

"I want to see Lord Thunder God. Lord nine thunder god was killed by the people of the Dragon Palace. I want to see Lord Thunder God!"

The middle-aged man shouted in panic.

"What? Are you serious?"

The patrolling eternal thunderclap disciples were slightly shocked!

"This is my name tag. Today, Lord Nine Thunder God and I went to the Northern Expedition Trading Company. Everyone was killed. The Dragon King only let me go!"

The middle-aged man said quickly.

"Follow us in!"

The patrol captain took the identity tag and immediately led him to the Palace of thunder god Mansion!

"What!"

Five minutes later, in a study room in the throne room of the Thunder God Palace, a thunder god suddenly stood up when he heard the report from the middle-aged man in front of him. His face was extremely ugly!

"Dragon Palace? Dragon King? He killed nine thunder in one move!"

His face was extremely solemn as he clenched his fists tightly.

"Yes, it's Lord Thunder God. He also said that the Dragon Palace of the Northern Region wants half!"

The middle-aged man nodded immediately.

"The Dragon Palace of the Northern Region wants half, and the Dragon Palace of the Northern Region wants half!"

Thunder God heard him mumble and clenched his fists tightly.

Wanting half meant that the dragon palace was going to fight against the entire eternal thunderclap!

In hundreds of thousands of years, this was the first force that dared to fight against eternal thunderclap!

"You step back first. I'll report to Lord God immediately!"

His body moved, and he disappeared.

The current situation was no longer something he could decide.

However, at this time, an enemy suddenly appeared, which was not good news for eternal thunderclap!

The Thunder God Mansion, which used to be awe-inspiring, only had two thunder gods now!