Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2155: 2155 shook the northern region and challenged Eternal Shocking Thunder

"Dragon Palace? Dragon King? Want half of the Northern Region?"

In the eternal divine kingdom thousands of kilometers away from shocking thunder planet, when thunder god Lord Heard Thunder God's report, he was slightly stunned!

This kind of situation, this kind of thing that shocked him, had not happened for hundreds of thousands of years!

Ever since he had become a god Lord, ever since he had shaken the entire northern region and even the entire boundless star field, it had been a long time since any force dared to be so arrogant to him!

Not to mention, it was going to be half of the entire northern region!

This was a naked declaration of war against their eternal thunderclap!

"Lord God Lord, that Dragon Palace is very powerful. I heard from a disciple that one of them instantly killed nine thunder!"

"Also, my subordinate sent someone to investigate. The Dragon Palace went to attack the Devil Den together with the first elder and the others, but for some reason, they didn't die!"

"There must be something fishy about this. The Dragon Palace might see that eternal shocking thunder has suffered heavy losses, and they want to fight us!"

The thunder god frowned and said to the thunder god Lord.

"Hehe, has eternal thunderclap not attacked for hundreds of thousands of years? People have already forgotten about it!"

"Even if eternal thunderclap has suffered heavy losses, it is still not something that some small fry can be arrogant about!"

"Tell them to ask all the members of the Dragon Palace to come over and apologize. Otherwise, I will personally attack and leave no one alive!"

The thunder god Lord was surrounded by bolts of lightning, and his cold voice entered the Thunder God's ears.

"It's the god Lord. In the entire northern region, no one dares to offend our Eternal Thunder!"

He bowed deeply and shouted loudly.

"In addition, investigate that Dragon Palace again in detail, why only they escaped!"

The thunder god Lord's eyes were filled with killing intent as he said.

"Yes, your subordinate will do it right away!"

The thunder god nodded, bowed, and turned around to leave!

"I've been quiet for too long. Some evil people, some Little Rascals, actually dare to invade my domain!"

Watching his subordinate leave, the thunder god Lord hovered below the bolts of lightning, muttering to himself.

The sound of the lightning around him grew louder and louder, indicating the rage in his heart!

In the next two days, two Hurricanes suddenly blew up in the northern region, which was not too peaceful, shaking the entire northern region.

First, a dozen or so thunder gods led five to six million eternal shocking thunder disciples, and two million Northern Domain Alliance forces attacked the demon den. In the end, they were all wiped out, and not a single one returned!

Second, the Dragon Palace of the Northern Domain Alliance wanted to occupy half of the northern domain, kill a thunder god, and openly oppose eternal shocking thunder. The thunder god Lord ordered that either they came to beg for forgiveness, or he would personally destroy them!

Two pieces of news quickly spread throughout the entire Northern Territory. Everyone who heard the news had shocked expressions on their faces.

More than a dozen thunder gods had all died. This was a huge earthquake for the entire Northern Territory.

How many peak God realm experts were there in the entire Northern Territory?

More than a dozen had died in one go!

Especially since Eternal Shocking Thunder had lost several thunder gods recently!

This time, Eternal Thunderclap would lose two-thirds of its power.

If the first thing that happened was because of the demon lair, then the second thing that happened stunned many people!

"This... There's actually a force that dares to challenge eternal thunderclap. In the past hundreds of thousands of years, no force has ever dared to challenge the authority of Eternal Thunderclap!"

"This isn't just a provocation, this is a challenge. That Dragon Palace killed a thunder god!"

"Looks like the thunder god Lord is really angry this time and is preparing to make his own move!"

"Now that Eternal Shocking Thunder has suffered heavy losses, it's said that there are only two thunder gods left. At this time, even if the thunder god Lord doesn't make a move, he will!"

"No matter what, that Dragon Palace is simply courting death. How are they going to resist the thunder god Lord?"

The entire northern region was talking about these two things, especially the second one, which shocked many people.

For hundreds of thousands of years, the Dragon Palace was the first to dare to challenge the Eternal Thunder.

Everyone was paying attention to the Dragon Palace!

And news about the dragon palace spread throughout the northern region.

The Dragon Palace had occupied all the territories of the former Northern Region Alliance!

The Dragon Palace was currently located on the free trade planet in the Northern Expedition!

Wait, wait, wait!

"Dragon King, there's news from Eternal Thunderclap. The Lord of Thunderclap wants us to apologize to him. Otherwise, he will destroy us personally!"

On the free trade planet in the Northern Expedition, Prime Minister Gui came to the Dragon King's palace and reported to Wang Xian.

"Apologize? What a joke!"

Wang Xian shook his head lightly. At the same time, his expression turned grave!

The Dragon Palace's action this time was undoubtedly a challenge to the authority of eternal thunderclap. The Lord of Thunderclap would definitely use this opportunity to intimidate everyone.

However, since he wanted to occupy half of the northern region's ocean, he had to face eternal thunderclap!

"Get all the members of the Dragon Palace to be ready at all times!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"An lie, if the lord of Thunderclap comes, can you withstand it?"

Wang Xian looked at the dark raging demonic dragon with a smile on his face.

"Don't worry, Dragon King. I can definitely withstand it. With my current strength, that bastard of Thunderclap won't be able to kill me without a few hours of battle!"

"As long as he dares to come over, I'll immediately order the rest of the Demonic Beasts to attack Eternal Thunder!"

"It's a pity that I haven't comprehended the power of laws yet. As long as I've comprehended the power of the Demonic Dragon's laws, I'll kill that Thunder as well!"

An lie said with a face full of confidence.

Now that his strength had increased again, he was able to escape from the thunder god Lord last time. This time, he was even more confident in fighting against him.

Even if he couldn't defeat him, it would be extremely difficult for the other party to kill him!

Furthermore, the power of eternal thunderclap was already very weak. When Yaoxie attacked again, the Thunder God clan would be in a dilemma!

"That's Good!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile on his face. A hint of fighting spirit flashed in his eyes.

With Eternal Thunderclap's current strength, the Dragon Palace was not afraid!

A few hours later, another shocking piece of news was spread to the surrounding planets from the free trade planet in the north!

The Dragon Palace publicly announced that they would not be afraid of the Thunder Lord in half of the Northern Region!

When this news was spread out, many people were stunned.

The Dragon Palace was going to challenge eternal thunderclap completely!

They were going to challenge the Thunder Lord!

When the news reached the eternal thunderclap, all the disciples looked extremely embarrassed and swore to destroy the Dragon Palace.

In the Thunder God Palace of the Thunder God Mansion, two thunder gods were sitting in the huge palace.

Both of them looked a bit upset. They looked at the messages in front of them with cold faces.

"The Lord God Lord must be very angry when he got the news. He brought this upon himself!"

"Hehe, it's possible that all the planets where the Dragon Palace is located will be destroyed by the Lord God in a fit of anger. Let's Get Ready!"

The two slowly stood up!