Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2156: 2156 shook the northern region and challenged Eternal Shocking Thunder

"Men, gather the shocking Thunder Army, bring the battle flag, and prepare in front of the Eternal Divine Kingdom!"

The two thunder gods walked out of thunder god mansion and shouted.

Their eyes swept the surroundings, and their bodies moved, flying directly into the eternal divine kingdom.

"Rumble!"

Five minutes later, Thunder rumbled in the Eternal Divine Kingdom!

It was not thunder, but the roar of a divine beast.

"Rumble!"

The Roar continued. Outside the Eternal Divine Kingdom, an army stood there quietly.

The 50,000-man army was led by 60 god-level experts.

Among the 50,000-man army, there were more than 10,000 members riding on demonic beasts at the front.

Each of the 10,000 demonic beasts had strong limbs and were covered in purple lightning.

Their cheetah-like bodies were filled with a noble aura!

Demonic Beast Thunder Beasts!

This was the strongest army of Eternal Shocking Thunder, the Shocking Thunder Army!

In eternal shocking thunder, there were two armies that were the strongest. One was the eternal army, and the other was the shocking Thunder Army!

The strength of the Shocking Thunder Legion was above that of the Eternal Legion!

They stood quietly in the void, holding Thunder Spears and thunder hammers in their hands. They emitted the aura of billions of legions.

Since the establishment of the entire Shocking Thunder Legion, they had only sent out two legions, and this was the third time!

When all the disciples of the Shocking Thunder Legion heard the roars coming from the eternal divine kingdom, their faces revealed burning and reverent expressions! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Rumble!"

"Rumble!"

At this moment, two huge creatures flew out from the front!

They had a body of about 5,000 meters and a strong body. There was a purple horn on top of their heads, and their bodies were covered by lightning.

"Thunder-horned godly beast! Our Lord of the Thunderbolt Corps has sent out the thunder-horned godly beast!"

"It seems that the arrogant dragon palace has really angered our lord of the Thunderbolt Corps. Our Lord of the Thunderbolt Corps is going on a personal expedition!"

"Our Lord God hasn't gone on a personal expedition for hundreds of thousands of years!"

On the main planet of thunder planet, some eternal thunder disciples raised their heads to look at the void.

Seeing this scene, their faces were filled with shock.

"Rumble!"

Two Thunder horned divine beasts were tied with a purple chain that connected to a valley behind them!

It was a thunder valley that was a hundred kilometers wide!

Lightning flashed in the Thunder Valley. At the front of the Thunder Valley sat a figure covered in lightning.

Beside the figure were two thunder gods!

"Greetings, Lord Thunder God Lord!"

Seeing the thunder god Lord appear, all the soldiers of the Thunder Legion immediately knelt down in the air and bowed!

"All Disciples of the Thunder Legion, Ascend to the Thunder Battle Valley!"

The thunder god Lord's purple eyes swept across everyone in front of him as he spoke in a deep voice.

"It's the Lord God Lord!"

Everyone from the Thunder Army immediately stood up and flew towards the Thunder Battle Valley in an orderly manner.

"For hundreds of thousands of years, no force has dared to challenge our eternal thunder. As time goes on, there will always be those who seek death!"

"Those who seek death will not live. Today, follow me on my expedition to destroy the Dragon Palace and eradicate the roots of the problem. Leave No one alive!"

Thunder god Lord raised his head and stared ahead. His cold voice echoed throughout the void!

"Exterminate every single one of them!"

"Exterminate every single one of them!"

Roars filled with killing intent came from the 50,000 soldiers behind him. All of them were filled with fighting spirit!

"Let's Go!"

Thunder god Lord Roared!

"Rumble!"

In front of them, two peak God realm thunder-horned divine beasts raised their heads and roared!

Purple Lightning covered their bodies and covered the Thunder Battle Valley!

"Buzz!"

Then, under the leadership of the two peak God Realm Divine Beasts, the Thunder Battle Valley flew into the void at a terrifying speed.

"The Eternal God Lord has gone on a personal expedition!"

Everyone on the Thunder planet was shocked when they saw this scene.

It had been a long, long time since they had seen the Lord God Lord go on the expedition!

"This time, the Dragon Palace is dead for sure!"

"Even though we, Eternal Thunder, have suffered heavy losses in the fight against the demon lair, we are still invincible. Anyone who dares to provoke US will die!"

Some of eternal thunderclap's disciples growled with cold faces.

The news of the Eternal Thunderclap god Lord's personal expedition spread through the communication stone plate at a terrifying speed.

"Not good, the eternal God Lord is personally leading his troops on the expedition. If they come to our planet, will they destroy our entire planet in a fit of anger?"

"That Dragon King has provoked the thunder god Lord so much. Can they withstand an attack at the level of a god Lord?"

At this moment, when the news of the thunder god Lord's personal expedition spread to the free trade planet in the north, everyone on the planet looked very embarrassed!

"It seems that the thunder god Lord is really angry this time. The Dragon Palace just sent out the news, and the thunder god Lord directly went out to attack!"

"Even if eternal thunder loses too much in the fight against the demon lair, with the god Lord holding down the fort, the Dragon Palace is courting death!"

Some people were discussing carefully.

There were many people from other planets on the free trade planet. Some timid people directly teleported to other planets to avoid being affected!

No one was optimistic about the Dragon Palace.

A force that had stood for hundreds of thousands of years against a force that had just emerged not long ago didn't need to be judged!

Especially when the furious thunder god Lord personally made a move!

"Dragon King, according to the information we received, the thunder god Lord is heading towards us!"

In the Ocean Dragon Palace on the free trade planet, Prime Minister Gui and the rest received the news and immediately reported it to Wang Xian.

"Hehe, the thunder god Lord is going to make a move personally. I think it will alert the entire northern region. All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, follow me. We will go and welcome their arrival!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and stood up from the Dragon Throne. He gave an order to the disciples of the Dragon Palace who had gathered in the Dragon King's Hall!

"It's the Dragon King!"

At the front, the members of the Dragon Palace shouted loudly. Their eyes were filled with fighting spirit.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian shouted softly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Nine Divine Wind Dragons roared. They swayed their huge bodies and pulled a dragon throne to float in front of them.

Wang Xian moved his body and sat directly on the Dragon Chair!

Behind him, the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon, AO qitian, Ao Qi, AO xingmu, and the two wild dragon species followed closely behind.

Five Wild Dragon species and two Starwood Dragon species all possessed the combat strength of Peak Godly State!

The huge amount of resources allowed the Dragon Palace to increase the combat strength of six peak godly state experts!

Behind them were Mu Zesen, Ao Fenghuang, ao Saturn, and Prime Minister Gui. All of them possessed the combat strength of nine wisps of divine fire.

The combat strength of the nine wisps of divine fire of the Dragon Palace had reached eleven members!

Behind them were the various combat divisions of the Dragon Palace led by godly state experts.

Wang Xian didn't know if he would be able to fight this battle.

However, he knew that they would either rule the world and become famous after this battle!

Or the Dragon Palace would flee in embarrassment!