Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2157: 2157 was at loggerheads

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Divine Dragons roared. The Nine Wind Divine Dragons roared at the sky at the same time. They rushed out of the water and flew into the void.

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne with the experts of the Dragon Palace following behind him. There were a total of 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace. They exuded a terrifying aura.

The Divine Dragons soared into the sky and their roars resounded across the entire planet!

"Those are the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace. What are they trying to do?"

"Hiss, look. The nine divine beasts are holding onto the Dragon King while the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace are behind them. What are they trying to do?"

On the planet, countless people raised their heads and looked into the void. Their faces were filled with shock.

"Are they trying to escape?"

Some people muttered as their eyes flickered.

"No, they stopped in the Void!"

Soon, they found something was wrong. Nine giant creatures that were at least 10,000 meters in size stopped in the void. Their huge dragon wings were flapping slightly!

More than 20,000 experts of the Dragon Palace stood in the void. They stared at the place in front of them as if they were waiting.

"They are waiting for the thunder god Lord, they are waiting for the arrival of the eternal thunder god Lord and the others!"

Suddenly, a sharp and shocked voice sounded, causing the expressions of some people around to change slightly.

"This... The Dragon Palace is going to fight the Eternal Thunder God?"

"The thunder god Lord is personally on the expedition, this is an eternal God Lord, the Dragon Palace has the confidence to resist the attack of the god Lord?"

"The Dragon Palace must have some trump card, otherwise how could they be so arrogant and directly welcome the arrival of the thunder god Lord and the others in the Void?"

Everyone on the Northern Expedition free trade planet was discussing in shock.

At this moment, they understood clearly that the dragon palace was prepared to fight against the eternal thunderbolt.

"If the Dragon Palace really managed to block it, then the entire northern region will be changed!"

Some People's eyes sparkled as they muttered. Their faces were filled with shock.

"Dragon King, according to the information we received, the Eternal Thunderbolt should arrive within an hour!"

In the void, Prime Minister Gui came to Wang Xian's side and reported to him.

"Dragon King, I have ordered Yaoxie to attack the Steel Planet!"

The corner of an Lie's mouth curled up slightly. His entire body was filled with fighting spirit as he reported to Wang Xian.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. His gaze was fixed on the void in front of him as he waited quietly.

In the vast void, two gigantic thunder-horned divine beasts were pulling a thunder battle valley as they galloped.

On the battle valley, many experts were standing on it. At the front, the thunder god Lord was leaning on his throne, staring at the front with cold eyes.

"Eh?"

Suddenly, thunder god who was standing beside the thunder god Lord was slightly stunned and took out his communication stone plate.

When he saw the information on it, he slightly narrowed his eyes.

"Lord God Lord, the Dragon Palace is actually waiting for our arrival in the sky above the planet!"

Thunder God reported to thunder god Lord in a low voice.

"Yes!"

Thunder god Lord's face didn't change at all!

This time, he would let the Dragon Palace know, and the entire northern region know the consequences of offending eternal thunder.

Cut the weeds and roots, leaving no one alive!

Stars flashed one by one, and the speed of the peak deity Realm Thunder Horn Divine Beast was extremely terrifying!

"Master God, we're almost there!"

After nearly an hour, a thunder god squinted his eyes and stared forward with killing intent!

"Rumble!"

"Rumble!"

The two thunder-horned divine beasts pulling the Thunder Battle Valley stared ahead with their huge eyes and roared at the same time.

"Crackle!"

At this moment, the entire Thunder Battle Valley was completely covered by lightning.

The sound of the Lightning covered an area of more than 1,000 kilometers. The two peak-stage deity-level thunder-horned divine beasts pulled the Thunder Battle Valley as if they were stepping out of the wilderness!

The sound spread throughout the surrounding void space!

"They're here!"

"Hiss, what a terrifying aura. Two Divine Beasts pulling a thunder valley!"

At this moment, on the northern expedition free trade planet that was tens of millions of kilometers away, everyone's expression changed when they heard the roar and felt the terrifying aura!

Tens of billions of people on the planet looked up. Some of them even flew into the void and looked over in astonishment.

Two divine beasts at the peak of the godly state of a few thousand meters in size were dragging a valley that was covered by lightning. It was truly shocking.

"One, two, three, four!"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne. He stood up slowly when he saw the arrival of the eternal thunderclap.

He had to be cautious when facing a godly master. He had to take him seriously!

He swept his gaze across everyone in eternal thunderclap and looked at the four members with the combat strength at the peak of the godly state. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"I thought they would have a big battle formation. Now, it seems that eternal thunderclap is only so-so!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the Dragon Throne and looked at the middle-aged man sitting on the divine seat of War Valley. He said faintly.

His voice was directly transmitted into the ears of the god Lord and everyone in Eternal Thunderclap.

"Impudent!"

A roar filled with killing intent was emitted from the mouth of a thunder god!

Boom

Boom! Boom

The two thunder-horned divine beasts stared at Wang Xian ferociously and let out a deafening roar!

This roar was like the roar of a thunderstorm!

"A bunch of ants, how Dare You Waste My Time? This is unforgivable!"

The thunder god Lord swept his gaze across Wang Xian and the rest. His eyes were filled with contempt as he spoke coldly.

When he swept his gaze across the entire planet, he could sense that there was no existence on the same level as him.

Without a god-level existence, how dare they provoke his eternal thunderbolt?

"So Powerful!"

When everyone on the free trade planet heard the god of Thunder's words, their mouths gaped slightly!

This was completely disregarding the Dragon Palace!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the nine Divine Wind Dragons heard the roar of the Divine Beast opposite them, they roared in unison. A wave of dragon might filled the air!

"Hehe, even a bunch of ants like us could make the thunder god Lord come here personally. Looks like the eternal thunderbolt is only so-so!"

When Wang Xian heard the contempt of the thunder god Lord, he said with a faint smile.

Tit for Tat!

The thunder-horned divine beast roared while the Divine Wind Dragon Roared!

In an instant, waves of terrifying aura surged into the sky!

At the center, the airflow seemed to have solidified!

Everyone could sense the terrifying atmosphere.

The people on the planet below held their breaths as they stared at the Battle of the Northern Region for the century! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Boom

Crackle

When Wang Xian's voice faded, a terrifying bolt of lightning shot out from the eyes of the thunder god Lord.

He stood up immediately and the purple lightning exploded in the void.

The Lightning seemed to have teleported and appeared in front of the Dragon Palace a kilometer away in an instant.

A bolt of lightning flashed across the entire Dragon Palace!

"TSK TSK tsk, the thunder god Lord is really arrogant. Do you really think that we dare to challenge you, the Eternal Thunder God, just because we don't have any strength?"

Beside Wang Xian, the dark blazing demonic dragon laughed coldly when he saw the thunder god Lord who wanted to wipe them out.

He stared at the Thunder God and waved his arm!

A Ball of darkness engulfed the thunder god instantly!