Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2158: 2158’s fame spread far and wide

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

"Crackle, crackle, crackle!"

A Ball of darkness covered the lightning bolt. The purple lightning bolt struggled violently in the darkness, causing the darkness to change its shape!

Slowly, the Lightning and darkness dissipated!

"Eh?"

Seeing someone from the Dragon Palace block the thunder god Lord's attack, all the experts on the planet were slightly shocked!

"As expected, the Dragon Palace isn't courting death, but they have a trump card!"

Everyone thought to themselves as they looked over with flickering eyes.

"Lord God Lord, that young man should be the one who killed nine thunder in an instant!"

When the two thunder gods saw that an lie had actually blocked their lord god Lord's attack, their expressions tensed up as they stared fixedly at him.

However, the thunder god Lord didn't pay any attention to them. He also stared fixedly at an lie!

His purple pupils shot out a terrifying luster.

"It's You... You Beast!"

A low roar came from his mouth!

Everyone could sense the thunder god Lord's anger and killing intent.

"Oh?"

The two thunder gods were slightly startled as they stared at an lie.

"Dog, watch your words. Don't you see how many Thunder Gods are beside you? hehehe!"

An lie heard the thunder god Lord's words and said coldly to him.

In front of everyone's eyes, he directly called the thunder god Lord a dog. In the hundreds of thousands of years, he was probably the first person to do so!

"Hiss, what... What is this situation?"

When everyone saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock.

Some of the people on the planet looked at an lie who was standing in front of the dragon throne, their eyes filled with shock!

He actually called the thunder god Lord a dog!

And the thunder god Lord obviously knew that young man!

"You... It's You, Dark Demon Dragon, Dark Demon Dragon!"

At this moment, the two thunder gods guessed an Lie's identity and roared with their eyes wide open!

"I didn't Expect Your Dragon Palace to be in cahoots with the demon dragon of the Devil Den!"

One of the Thunder Gods'expression changed slightly as he roared in a stern voice.

"Jie Jie, I, an lie, know that I've committed too many sins. I've abandoned the dark side to join the Dragon King's subordinates and joined the Dragon Palace to create a harmonious world. What Demon Dragon of the Devil Den? In the future, call me the demon dragon of the Dragon Palace. Jie Jie Jie!"

An lie smiled and said when he heard the Thunder God's words.

"Devil Den?"

"Dark Devil Dragon?"

On the planet, everyone heard their conversation and looked shocked.

They stared at an lie. They had never thought that he was the Dark Devil Dragon from the Devil Den.

The Dark Devil Dragon that caused eternal shocking thunder to suffer heavy losses!

"Abandoning the dark side and joining the Dragon King's side, what's going on?"

"The Dragon Palace subdued the Dark Devil Dragon?"

Hearing an Lie's words, everyone was stunned.

"Dark Demon Dragon, I let you escape last time. This time, I'll Hang Your Head on my eternal Divine Kingdom!"

The thunder god Lord Stared at an lie, his eyes shooting out a terrifying killing intent.

Because of this dark demon dragon, Eternal Thunder had lost more than ten thunder gods.

They had lost close to ten million disciples!

Furthermore, all the treasures of a planet had been plundered!

He had even been injured because of this. However, this time, he decided that even if he had to pay a heavy price, he would still kill them!

"Crackle crackle!"

Violent Lightning exploded around him, and a terrifying energy was brewing in his body!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

However, at this moment, the communication stone plate on one of the thunder gods beside him suddenly trembled non-stop.

His expression changed slightly, and he immediately opened the communication stone plate.

When he saw the information on it, his expression changed drastically!

"Lord God is in trouble, the steel planet has been invaded by demonic forces!"

His expression was extremely unsightly as he growled at the thunder god Lord in a low voice.

"Oh?"

The thunder god Lord turned his head, and a terrifying luster shot out from his eyes.

He slowly stared at the Dark Blazing Demon Dragon, and his face was slightly malevolent!

"Beast, I will kill you within ten minutes!"

He roared furiously. There was an explosion in the surroundings and he disappeared instantly.

Purple Lightning covered his entire body. A thunderbolt that covered thousands of kilometers appeared out of nowhere in the void above him!

The Thunderbolt seemed as though it was going to destroy the world. It went straight for everyone in the Dragon Palace.

Upon seeing this scene, even Wang Xian took a deep breath.

How terrifying!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an lie, who was at the side, let out a roar. He raised his head and his entire body underwent a terrifying transformation.

The Dragon Head, Dragon Body, and dragon tail slowly covered his entire body. His blood-red dragon eyes stared at the Thunder in the sky. He opened his dragon mouth and spat out a ball of dragon breath.

The Dark Dragon Breath flew directly into the sky.

"Roar! Roar!"

At the same time, he swayed his body, which was over 20,000 meters long, and directly attacked the thunder god Lord.

"Die for me!"

The thunder god Lord waved his hands, and a lightning spear and a lightning hammer intersected together, directly releasing a bolt of intersecting lightning.

The Lightning attacked an lie.

"Jing Lei, do you think I'm the same old man that you bullied the last time?"

An lie roared and stretched out his dragon claw. A terrifying black light covered it as he clawed at the Lightning.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The Lightning was caught by him. He opened his mouth and spat it out, causing the lightning to dissipate!

Although he had used two moves to break through the thunder god Lord's attack, he was already very strong to be able to do this.

"Oh?"

When the thunder god Lord saw this scene, his pupils constricted slightly, and an embarrassed expression appeared on his face.

He could sense that this devil dragon was much stronger than the last time.

Last time, this devil dragon could only flee, but this time, he could contend against it! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Damn it!"

His face revealed an anxious expression. If he could not kill it in a short period of time, then Yao Xie would wreak havoc in the entire eternal shocking thunder.

Now that all the eternal thunderclap experts were here, the base camp behind them would be turned into ruins.

The foundation that had existed for hundreds of thousands of years would be destroyed in an instant.

"We must settle the battle as soon as possible!"

The thunder god Lord was burning with rage!

"Hehe, kill him. Today, let our Dragon Palace experience the eternal thunderclap that has intimidated the northern region for hundreds of thousands of years!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's voice sounded from below.

When he saw eternal thunderclap being restrained by an lie, he immediately released the order to attack.

An lie was no match for eternal thunderclap. Therefore, he had to make good use of this period of time when he was being restrained!

Only in this way would the thunder god Lord be afraid and yield!

"Roar, Roar, Kill!"

The group of experts from the Dragon Palace stared at Eternal Thunderclap and roared furiously!

Ao Qi, AO xingmu, AO qitian, and the other four peak-stage godly state members flew directly towards Eternal Shocking Thunder.

They carried a terrifying killing intent!

"Kill!"

Behind them, the 20,000 members of the Dragon Palace followed closely behind!

They were not afraid of challenging Eternal Shocking Thunder!

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and stared coldly ahead.

There were only four peak-stage godly state experts on the opposite side. He didn't need to make a move!

He just needed to sit here and look down!