Chapter 2159: 2159’s fame spread far and wide

"They're fighting!"

When everyone on the planet saw the disciples of the Dragon Palace attacking eternal shocking thunder, they were shocked!

They looked up and stared blankly!

"SH * t!"

However, at this moment, when the two thunder gods of Eternal Shocking Thunder saw the experts of the Dragon Palace attacking them and felt the terrifying power of Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, Ao Qi, and the berserk dragon species, their expressions changed drastically.

The seven people of Ao Qitian and the others who were the first to rush over were all exuding the aura of peak godly state.

The terrifying aura rushed toward them violently.

Behind the seven people, the members of the Dragon Palace also had powerful auras!

"Seven peak godly state experts, seven of them are peak godly state experts!"

One Thunder God couldn't help but Roar in a low voice.

Seven Peak godly state experts were no longer something they could withstand!

Once the seven peak godly state experts of the Dragon Palace charged over, eternal thunderclap wouldn't be able to withstand them at all!

"What? How can the Dragon Palace be so strong?"

The faces of all the disciples of the Eternal Legion changed slightly.

As the most powerful army of eternal thunderclap, they believed that they could resist all the armies in the endless region.

However, they were definitely no match for the Seven Peak Godly State forces!

However, eternal thunderclap had suffered heavy losses and only had two thunder gods!

"Look, the Dragon Palace has seven peak godly state experts!"

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace is much stronger than eternal thunderclap. Eternal Thunderclap only has two thunder gods!"

"Eternal thunderclap is going to be in big trouble. The thunder god Lord is being held back. They are no match for the Dragon Palace at all!"

The people on the free trade planet opened their mouths slightly when they heard thunder god's words. They were dumbfounded.

There were seven peak godly state experts in the Dragon Palace!

"And this is even before the Dragon King makes a move. The Dragon King's strength is definitely not weaker than peak godly state experts!"

Some people thought to themselves as they looked at the towering dragon king who had two horns on his head while sitting on the Dragon Throne!

At this moment, they felt a strong sense of reverence in their hearts.

"Roar, Take This!"

The Berserk AO Qitian held the sea-pacifying divine needle in his hand and smashed it at everyone in the Eternal Legion.

The blood-red energy pillar covered an area of more than 100 kilometers and fell from the sky!

"Boom, Boom, Boom!"

A few peak godly state berserk dragon species also raised their cudgels and smashed them.

Following closely behind were streaks of blood-red lightning and thorns that filled the sky!

"Dodge, Dodge!"

The two thunder gods saw these attacks and shouted with terrified faces.

"Dodge, Dodge, Dodge!"

The faces of the Eternal Army's disciples also changed drastically as they hurriedly dodged to the side!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Ah! Ah! Ah!"

However, it was not so easy to completely dodge the attacks of peak-god-level experts!

In an instant, 5,000 to 6,000 eternal army disciples were hit by one attack after another!

This was because the eternal army was the most powerful army in the entire eternal thunderclap.

Even so, 5,000 disciples was a direct loss of one-tenth of the Eternal Army's strength.

"Damn it!"

When the two thunder gods saw this scene, their expressions changed drastically.

If this continued, they would be able to kill all of the seven peak godly state experts in five minutes!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, the two thunder gods saw four peak godly state members of the Dragon Palace attacking them.

Their pupils constricted slightly, and their faces were unsightly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar! Even eternal thunderclap wants to fight against our Dragon Palace!"

The other disciples of the Dragon Palace rushed over with cold and disdainful expressions.

At its peak, Eternal Shocking Thunder had more than 20 peak divine realm experts, but now, only two of them were left!

This power was far weaker than the Dragon Palace's!

In other words, the current eternal shocking Thunder relied on the thunder god Lord Alone! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Damn it, our thunder god Lord has fallen too many times. We are not a match for the Dragon Palace at all!"

The Eternal Army disciples roared in low voices with ugly expressions.

"Lord God Lord, save us!"

A deity-level powerhouse could not help but ask the thunder god Lord for help in the sky.

If they did not ask for help, they would all be killed soon!

"Cough, cough, Dragon Palace, you deserve to die!"

The thunder god Lord looked down and saw the huge gap between his subordinates and the Dragon Palace. He was so angry that thunder exploded all over his body!

With such a huge gap, their eternal thunder disciples would soon be killed!

"Heavenly Thunder!"

With a gloomy face, he raised the Thunder Hammer in his right hand and smashed it down heavily.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Bolts of lightning struck toward ao Qitian and the others.

"Jinglei, you don't think much of me, an lie!"

With a cold growl, the dark fierce demonic dragon swung his huge tail and swept toward jinglei in the sky region.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

A terrifying collision sounded, which made the face of the thunder god Lord change slightly.

His body moved, and he directly swooped down towards the members of the Dragon Palace below. He wanted to kill the experts of the Dragon Palace First!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this time, the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon's enormous body directly appeared behind him, and its dragon claws directly clawed towards him!

"Get lost!"

The thunder god Lord roared furiously, and the Thunder Hammer and thunder spear in his hand crossed together. Three Forks of lightning struck towards the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon.

"Roar, Roar, Roar. Jing lei, if you attack the disciples of the Dragon Palace, I will attack the disciples of your Eternal Thunder!"

Seeing the thunder god Lord wanting to kill the other members of the Dragon Palace with a murderous look on his face, an lie moved his body and released a terrifying power toward the eternal thunder.

"Huff, Huff, Huff!"

Seeing an Lie's attack, the thunder god Lord's breathing quickened!

"Weng!"

He moved and instantly blocked the Eternal Legion's Front, blocking all of an Lie's attacks.

The thunder god Lord's gaze was fixed on an lie, his eyes filled with violent killing intent!

He also knew that if he wanted to kill the demon dragon whose strength had increased once again, he would have to pay a heavy price.

Moreover, this would still require a few hours!

However, all the members of the Eternal Army would be killed during this period!

Even the planets behind eternal thunderclap would be ravaged by evil spirits.

An lie stared coldly at the lord of Thunderclap and did not continue to attack.

The members of the Dragon Palace also stopped and stared coldly at Eternal Thunderclap and the rest!

"Roar! Roar!"

"Hehe, Lord of Thunderclap, our Dragon Palace wants half of the northern region. I wonder if eternal thunderclap has any objections!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw this situation!

The Nine Divine Wind Dragons pulled the dragon throne and floated in front of lord of Thunderclap. Wang Xian looked at him and asked calmly!

It was impossible to destroy eternal thunderclap now. However, his Dragon Palace wanted half of the northern region!

This represented the rise of the Dragon Palace!