Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2160: 2160 dynasty’s fame spread far and wide

My Dragon Palace wants half of the Northern Region!

When these words rang out, the eyes of everyone on the free trade planet below sparkled!

Their gazes were fixed on the Dragon King and the thunder god Lord!

No matter what, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace stood proudly in front of the thunder god Lord and said these words. There weren't many people in the entire boundless galaxy who could do it!

At this moment, it was definitely a scene that could be recorded in history for the northern region.

The Eternal Thunderbolt which had dominated the entire northern region for hundreds of thousands of years was facing a challenge from a force for the first time!

"Pilipala!"

The thunder god Lord stared at Wang Xian. His eyes were filled with fury and killing intent!

"Roar!"

The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon let out a low roar and circled around Wang Xian to prevent the thunder god Lord from launching a sudden attack!

"Huff! Huff!"

The thunder god Lord scanned the entire Dragon Palace and took a deep breath.

"Dragon King, right? Very good. You are the first person I will remember. Just you wait!"

He spoke slowly with a gloomy face!

"Hehe, this might be my honor. In this case, half of the northern region belongs to our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

"HMPH! Let's Go!"

The Lord of Thunder suppressed the anger and thunder in his heart and shouted at the Eternal Thunder disciples behind him.

"It's the Lord of Thunder!"

The Eternal Army disciples and the two thunder gods also heaved a sigh of relief.

If they were to really fight, all of them would definitely be destroyed by the Dragon Palace. As for whether the Lord of Thunder could destroy the Dragon Palace, that would be a matter after their deaths!

They did not want to die, even after seeing the current ending!

"Rumble!"

The two thunder-horned divine beasts at the peak of the godly state let out a low roar!

The thunder god Lord came to the throne with a gloomy expression. He stared deeply at Wang Xian!

"Rumble!"

The two thunder-horned divine beasts pulled the Thunder Battle Valley!

The disciples of the Eternal Army did not say a word. They flew to the Thunder Battle Valley in silence!

Today was undoubtedly a great humiliation to the entire eternal thunderclap!

"Rumble!"

Everyone flew to Thunder Battle Valley. The two thunder-horned divine beasts roared again and flew towards the direction of Thunder Planet!

Thunder god Lord sat on his throne coldly and slowly closed his eyes!

If he wasn't afraid that Eternal Thunderclap's strongest legion and thunder god would be killed, if he wasn't worried that Yaoxie was invading eternal thunderclap, he, thunder god Lord, would kill the Devil Dragon and destroy the Dragon Palace at all costs!

Today, he, the thunder god Lord, would be humiliated!

"Head to the Steel Planet!"

He ordered in a low voice.

The Thunder Horn Divine Beast roared and flew directly towards the steel planet!

That place was suffering from Yaoxie's attack, and it was possible that the entire steel planet had been destroyed!

At the thought of this, the thunder god Lord clenched his fists tightly, his heart filled with killing intent!

He wouldn't be satisfied if he didn't kill the Dragon King!

"Hiss!"

At the same time, on the free trade planet in the Northern Expedition, everyone's faces were filled with shock when they saw this scene.

"The thunder god Lord and the others have left. This... This means that the Dragon Palace of the northern region will occupy half of the planet in the future!"

"For hundreds of thousands of years, the Dragon Palace is the only force that can compete with the Eternal Thunder in the Northern Region!"

"Does this mean that the dragon palace will be promoted to the sixth largest force in the boundless galaxy? Can they compete with other god-level forces?"

"The current strength of the Dragon Palace might not be comparable to other god-level forces, but they are definitely not afraid of other god-level forces. This is because there is someone among them who can compete with the god-level forces!"

Shocked voices rang out continuously on the planet. Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne in the void with a faint smile on his face.

"Let's go. Next, let's clean up the planets of the Northern Territory Alliance!"

Wang Xian smiled as he watched the thunder god Lord and the rest disappear from his sight.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Nine Wind God Dragons let out a roar of victory. Their roars reverberated throughout the entire planet.

They pulled the dragon throne and slowly flew towards the direction of the Dragon Palace.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When the wind god Dragon and the others flew over the cities, everyone on the planet quickly knelt down and bowed loudly!

Today, they witnessed the rise of the Dragon Palace and witnessed the rise of a force that could fight against eternal lightning.

In the future, the Dragon Palace of the northern region would occupy half of the city. It was no exaggeration to say that the Dragon Palace would be their king in the future! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Whoever the Dragon Palace wanted to kill would have to die!

The Dragon Palace would also possess the Majesty that the Eternal Thunderclap had in the past!

Wang Xian's gaze swept down as the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Today, the Dragon Palace would be famous throughout the entire northern region and even the entire boundless galaxy!

"Next, I will build the Underwater Dragon Palace on the planets one by one. I will control all the oceans and gather the resources to raise the strength of the Dragon Palace once again!"

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes shone brightly!

"Who would have thought that a dragon palace would rise up so suddenly!"

"That Dark Demon Dragon seems to be the mastermind behind the demon lair in the northern region. I wonder how the Dragon King will subdue him!"

"In the future, the Dragon Palace will be our king. The position of the Dragon King will be comparable to that of the thunder god Lord in the Northern Region!"

Everyone on the planet watched Wang Xian and the rest enter the Ocean Dragon Palace and spoke with reverence.

Today, they were witnesses!

They could imagine that the news of the thunder god Lord being forced to retreat by the Dragon Palace would spread to the other planets at a crazy speed.

It wouldn't be long before the entire boundless galaxy would know about this!

After all, after this battle, the Dragon Palace would be the sixth largest force in the boundless star area!

"Roar, Dragon King Dragon Palace, Dark Demon Dragon, i, Thunderclap, will definitely kill you!"

Just as everyone on the Northern Expedition free trade planet was shocked by the power of the Dragon Palace, on the Steel Planet!

Thunderclap god Lord's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at the barren planet in front of him.

Bolts of lightning covered the sky, covering an area of over 10,000 kilometers!

Behind him, the two thunder gods and all the eternal army disciples lowered their heads in fear.

It had been a long, long time since they had seen thunder god Lord so angry!

But it made sense when they thought about it. Eternal Thunder had suffered heavy losses recently, and there were only two thunder gods out of more than 20!

Due to fear in the battle just now, the northern region would no longer be Thunderclap's King!

In front of them, as one of the most important planets of eternal thunderclap, the steel planet had also been ravaged by demonic forces!

If it were anyone else, they would be burning with rage!

"A force without a god Lord level actually dares to be so arrogant towards me. Dragon King, it will soon be your end!"

Thunderclap god Lord growled with a low hand, and around him, thin bolts of lightning were constantly flickering and jumping!

"My Majesty is not something that anyone can provoke. To cause my eternal thunder to lose so much, there must be a price to pay!"

He slightly lowered his head and looked at the Lightning in his hand with a cold gaze!

Thoroughly angering a god Lord was extremely terrifying!