Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2161: 2161 was famous

"The thunder god Lord went to the Dragon Palace in person, but he was defeated. The Dragon Palace occupied half of the northern region and fought with Eternal Shocking Thunder!"

"Eternal Shocking Thunder has suffered heavy losses recently. The Dragon Palace has experts who can fight against the thunder god Lord. The Dragon Palace is rising!"

"Shocking! A force in the northern region, the Dragon Palace, has the power to fight against Eternal Shocking Thunder. Its name is the Dragon Palace, and the leader of the Dragon Palace is the Dragon King!"

"Is this for real? If it can fight against eternal shocking thunder, doesn't that mean it's the sixth largest force in the boundless galaxy?"

The news of the Northern Expedition to the free-trade planet spread to the surrounding planets at a terrifying speed!

Soon, everyone in the northern region knew about it!

In less than five days, the news spread to other regions!

"Eh? Storyteller, what did you say? The Dragon Palace of the Northern Region rose up? The leader is the Dragon King?"

In the Eastern Region, eternal divine leaf was next to eternal shocking thunder. The news spread to all the planets in the eastern region at once!

In a top restaurant on a planet, a storyteller was speaking in a bold and decisive manner!

"Yes, ladies, my news is 100% correct. Hehe, Eternal Shocking Thunder has been unlucky recently!"

"It is said that only two eternal thunderclap gods died, and then the Dragon Palace suddenly rose up!"

"Although eternal thunderclap suffered heavy losses because of the Devil Den, the thunder god Lord is a god Lord after all. Even after personally going on an expedition, he still suffered heavy losses. It can be imagined that the Dragon Palace is very powerful!"

"To be able to contend against a god Lord, the Dragon Palace's strength can be seen to be average. It can be said that once its fame spread throughout the boundless region, the Dragon Palace also has the qualifications!"

The storyteller spoke with assurance and assurance, his face full of smiles!

When Eternal Thunderclap encountered a disaster, eternal divine leaf was the happiest. After all, they belonged to an enemy force!

This news was good news for eternal divine leaf!

"Oh? Old Wang is actually so powerful?"

The two girls'faces were filled with shock, and they looked at each other!

"Come, let's go ask father to see if it's true!"

As the two girls spoke, they immediately flew out.

In the restaurant, the two old men's eyes were filled with astonishment as they followed closely behind the two girls, secretly protecting their safety!

"Father, Father!"

Half an hour later, in the eternal divine leaf divine kingdom, Hua'er and Cai'er shouted as they walked into the hall of the divine tree ahead.

"Hehe, girls, aren't you traveling? Why are you here all of a sudden?"

At that moment, divine leaf divine master heard the voice outside, and his face was full of smiles. He immediately stood up!

"Aunt!"!

"Little Princess!"

In the Great Hall, everyone hurriedly bowed to Hua'er Cai'er!

"Father, we heard something and came to confirm it!"

Hua'er held God Lord Shenye's arm and said with a smile.

"Oh? The Dragon Palace in the North?"

God Lord Shenye stroked their heads with a solemn expression.

He had just received this news not long ago. When he heard the news, his face was full of surprise!

He couldn't believe that the godfather of his two daughters, a small force, was so terrifying!

"Is it true?"

The two girls asked with concern and joy.

"It's true!"

God Lord Shenye nodded heavily!

"It's amazing. I knew that the Dragon Palace would rise up quickly, but I didn't expect it to be so fast. Moreover, its reputation has spread all over the boundless star area!"

The two girls'faces were full of pride, and their eyes were shining!

Seeing the proud and respectful looks of his two daughters, God Master Shenye shook his head in jealousy.

However, he was shocked that a force that had only been in the boundless star field for two years now had the power to contend against God Masters!

"It's quite powerful, but it's still far from our eternal divine leaf!"

However, he forced himself to speak calmly.

"Humph, with Old Wang and the others'speed of improvement, the Dragon Palace will be stronger than eternal divine leaf in two years at most, no, even one year!"

The two girls shook their heads and said with certainty with their heads slightly raised.

"Why are you two girls helping others?"

God Lord Divine Leaf said with a dark face!

"Hehe!"

The two girls smiled, their faces full of happiness!

Li Muliang and Li Muyuan smiled bitterly!

They were gathered here to talk about the new power, the Dragon Palace!

They were not shocked at all. The Dragon King that they had met back then had reached a level that even the god Lord was shocked by!

They were not the only ones who were shocked. The god lord-level forces in the southern region, western region, and central region were all talking about the Dragon Palace!

They had really become famous in a single battle!

They were even more shocked as they had a deeper understanding of the Dragon Palace!

The speed of the Dragon King's growth was too fast!

"Little Xian, our Dragon Palace is developing at such a fast speed. It actually occupies forty-two vital planets!"

"If that's the case, our Dragon Phoenix Divine Dynasty can also develop at a fast speed!"

In the Dragon Palace on Earth, Wang Xian and a group of girls were having dinner in the Dragon King's bedroom. They were all delighted as they spoke.

"It's a little fast this time. Let's settle down properly in the next period of time!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He was in a great mood!

The Dragon Palace controlled the ocean of 42 planets and the resources of 42 planets!

By gathering the resources of 42 planets, even if the Dragon Palace did not go through war, the speed of improvement was not slow.

In seven or eight days, the gathered resources would be enough to ignite the divine fire of a member of the Dragon Palace!

"You can relax now. We have to work hard for the dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty!"

Ever since the girls decided to develop the dragon-phoenix divine dynasty, they had been full of fighting spirit and were busy with work every day!

Now, the dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty and the Dragon Gate Academy were developing together, and they were getting stronger and stronger!

The divine realm experts of the Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty had already reached about ten, not counting the girls!

It was quite a big force in the northern region in the past!

Of course, the Dragon Palace was a big reason for this.

After all, the Dragon Palace only controlled the ocean and only recruited aquatic creatures. If the others wanted to join the force, they could only join the dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty and the Dragon Gate Academy!

This allowed them to develop at a very fast speed!

"Don't be busy for the next period of time. Let's have a good rest!"

Wang Xian glanced at the group of girls with shifty eyes and said with a smile on his face!

"HMPH!"

The group of girls rolled their eyes at him but no one said anything!

This also meant that they had tacitly agreed!

Wang Xian hummed a tune and was in a very good mood!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m