Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2162: 2162 thunderclap kill

Time slowly passed. Ever since the Dragon Palace rose to power and the Dragon Palace occupied half of the northern region, the entire northern region had fallen into a state of peace!

Eternal Thunderclap, whose vitality had been greatly damaged, was recovering its strength. At this time, they did not have the energy to find trouble with the Dragon Palace!

Furthermore, Eternal Thunderclap was no match for the Dragon Palace if the thunderclap god Lord did not make a move!

Two years passed very quickly. For a god with a lifespan of 100,000 years, two years might not even be enough time for him to enter seclusion!

However, during these two years, the dragon palace had completely stabilized the situation!

The Underwater Dragon Palace was spread across 42 planets. With the Dragon Palace's great development, the number of Dragon Palace members had increased from more than 30,000 to 50,000!

With more than 10,000 members, the strength of the Dragon Palace had increased significantly.

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace were at least at demigod-level rank-9. In the past two years, the number of members who had lit the godly fire had reached 150!

This was secondary. The number of disciples who had not lit the godly fire but were able to fight against a wisp of the godly fire had reached about 200.

This was a huge improvement. In other words, the number of divine level members of the Dragon Palace had reached more than 300!

Compared to the number of god-level forces, there were still a few of them. However, Wang Xian was not in a hurry!

It had only been four years since the Dragon Palace had stepped into the boundless galaxy. These four years were comparable to the accumulation of hundreds of thousands of years by many forces!

However, the fact that Wang Xian had been staying in the Dragon Palace made one of them roar more and more furiously!

"It has been two years. The Dragon King rarely stepped out of the Dragon Palace. He only left the Dragon Palace a few times with the demonic dragon following him!"

In the Eternal Divine Kingdom of the Lord of Thunder, lightning covered the entire divine kingdom. Compared to the past, the entire divine kingdom looked extremely violent!

A thunder god knelt in front of the thunder god Lord and reported respectfully!

"Continue to monitor. I don't believe that the Dragon King will always stay in the Dragon Palace, and will always be under the protection of the Devil Dragon!"

The Thunder God Lord roared in a low voice!

"It's Lord God Lord. Once the Dragon King leaves the Dragon Palace alone, your subordinate will report immediately!"

The thunder god nodded respectfully and bowed as he retreated!

As he retreated out of the divine kingdom, he wiped the cold sweat off his forehead.

For the past two years, every time he entered the eternal divine kingdom, he felt terrified!

He could clearly sense the lord god's anger towards the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

"Damned Dragon King, you've completely angered the Lord God. With our Lord God Watching You, your death is not far away!"

He growled in a low voice with a savage expression.

There was only one possibility for the Lord God to have them watch the Dragon King at all times!

That was for the Lord God to be prepared to take him by surprise and kill him, which was also a sneak attack!

If the people from other factions knew that a Lord God was planning to sneak attack a peak deity realm expert, it would definitely cause a huge uproar!

At that time, there would be different opinions about the thunder god Lord!

However, it was obvious that the furious thunder god had already ignored the comments about him from the outside world!

"Dragon King!"

A month passed quietly. In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian was sitting cross-legged on the dragon throne. The five elements millstone in front of him was spinning as he was devouring the five-star Godly State Materials!

Prime Minister Gui came to the Dragon King's palace and shouted softly.

"HMM? What's the matter?"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at Prime Minister Gui!

"Dragon King, I received a message from Ao Jian!"

Prime Minister Gui took out his communication stone plate and said to Wang Xian.

"Oh? Ao Jian? What message did he send? Let Me See!"

Wang Xian was astonished.

Ever since AO he, Ao Jian, Ao Yao and the rest had left for the past few years, they had not sent any messages!

Wang Xian was also clueless about their situation!

Now that he had received ao Jian's message, he was slightly surprised!

"HMM? There is a great opportunity between the central region and the western region. It is suspected that the eternal tomb has appeared!"

When Wang Xian saw Ao Jian's message, his face was filled with surprise.

Wang Xian naturally had a very good understanding of the eternal tomb. It was definitely an incomparably huge treasure!

Back then, Chen Feiyang had obtained the inheritance of the divine tomb. If he didn't die later, there was a high chance of him becoming the Eternal Lord!

A divine tomb was definitely a crazy existence!

"Ao Jian only sent a message. The outside world probably doesn't know about this divine tomb yet. Should I go and take a look?"

Wang Xian looked hesitant.

It wasn't easy to enter the eternal tomb. Back then, the Dragon Palace didn't enter the core of the two divine tombs!

However, Wang Xian would not be satisfied if he did not investigate the eternal tomb!

"I have nothing to do now anyway. It's good to go and take a look!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. He had already made up his mind!

It had been more than three years since he last saw Ao Jian. He wanted to see how much ao Jian had grown!

However, unlike the strange demon, the Dragon Guards did not gather together. Instead, they were scattered or gathered in groups of two or three.

Not all of them were gathered together!

"Prime Minister Gui, I'm preparing to go out for a while. The time is still to be determined. The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon is in charge of the Dragon Palace. You can handle the rest of the matters!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King. Don't worry, Dragon King. Leave the Dragon Palace to me!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded and replied. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded. Then, his body moved and he flew out.

Wang Xian wanted to inform the girls about his departure this time!

The next morning, at the Dragon Palace on Earth, Wang Xian waved goodbye to the girls.

Through the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian arrived at the Free Planet of the Dragon Palace!

The Free Planet of the Dragon Palace was previously a free-trade planet in the Northern Expedition. Now, its name had been changed!

There were a large number of teleportation formations on this planet, which could save a lot of distance from the secondary school!

"Ever since I came to the boundless galaxy, I have never been to the Central Region!"

Wang Xian floated in the sky above the ocean with a smile on his face.

This time, he could go to the central region of the boundless galaxy to take a look and see the most prosperous place in the entire boundless galaxy

He muttered in his heart and flew directly to the location of the teleportation formation.

"Eh? The Dragon King is out!"

However, at this moment, what even Wang Xian didn't sense was that when he flew out from the ocean, an old man noticed his actions!

The old man's expression changed slightly. He immediately took out his communication stone plate and sent out a message!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Wang Xian arrived at the location of the teleportation formation. The Dragon and Phoenix Divine dynasty expert who was guarding the teleportation formation hurriedly flew over and reported respectfully.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly and left through the teleportation formation.

What he still didn't know was that at the side of the teleportation formation, a soldier who was guarding the formation saw Wang Xian leaving. His eyes were sparkling.

He took out a communication stone plate and began to transmit information!

Eternal Thunderclap had dominated the northern region for hundreds of thousands of years. Their background was beyond everyone's imagination!