Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2163: 2163 had used all of his trump cards

Eternal Shocking Thunder, who dominated the entire northern region, had disciples all over the Northern Region!

Even if the Dragon Palace controlled half of the northern region, eternal shocking thunder could easily find out some things!

It was also easy to send thousands or even tens of thousands of hidden sentries to monitor the Dragon Palace!

After all, the Dragon Palace had only been in the northern region for a short period of time. Unlike the eternal thunderclap, which had disciples all over the northern region.

Wang Xian did not sense that someone was watching his every move.

The other party did not follow him either. It was impossible for Wang Xian to notice him even if he merely stayed here to take a look!

Even the eternal god Lord would find it hard to notice anything under such circumstances!

"Weng, Weng, Weng!"

At this moment, a thunder god in the thunder god mansion looked at the messages sent by his subordinates with an excited look on his face!

"It's been more than two years. That Dragon King has finally come out. His time of death has come!"

A ferocious and fiery look appeared on his face. His body moved and he quickly flew toward the eternal divine kingdom.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Two minutes later, a bolt of lightning struck in front of the eternal kingdom. The purple lightning streaked across the sky and disappeared into the vast void.

The god of Thunder looked at the disappearing lightning with respect and a smile appeared on his face.

This time, the Dragon King would definitely die!

This was the consequence of angering a god!

"From the northern region to the central region, only the heavenly sun planet with Eternal Lightning has a teleportation formation. If I fly there, it will take at least half a month!"

Wang Xian slowly appeared in front of the teleportation formation on the Skysun Planet!

Currently, Eternal Thunderclap and the Dragon Palace had yet to reach the stage where they could cut off the teleportation of the planet. Therefore, Wang Xian could easily enter eternal thunderclap!

However, when he arrived here, Wang Xian covered himself completely with a bunch of loose robes. He wore a hat on his head to prevent himself from being recognized!

"If the god of Thunder knows that I have stepped into their territory, he might send someone to ambush me!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and walked to the side.

Not far away from the side, there was a teleportation formation that directly teleported to the planet in the Central Region!

As a planet that teleported across regions, there were many people coming and going around. Many merchant teams were stationed here. This could be considered a prosperous planet!

Wang Xian covered his body and walked straight to the planet's teleportation formation in front of him.

He took out the spirit stones and placed them in the formation!

Buzz

The formation shimmered. Just when the formation was about to teleport away from Wang Xian, there was no movement on it!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned!

All of a sudden, he felt a huge wave of terror engulfing his heart. Wang Xian's expression changed and he quickly dodged to the side!

However, when he dodged to the side, he didn't notice that someone was attacking him.

His expression changed slightly and he quickly swept his surroundings.

Boom

When he saw a middle-aged man covered in lightning in the sky, his expression changed drastically.

"Oh no, why is he here!"

Wang Xian was astonished. Without any hesitation, his body shook and he wanted to teleport away!

Buzz

However, at this moment, he could feel that the space around him seemed to be frozen. It was impossible for him to teleport!

"He is here specifically to wait for me!"

A thought immediately appeared in Wang Xian's mind and his heart sank!

"Eh? What Happened?"

When some people around saw Wang Xian's panicked look, they were stunned.

"Dragon King, I really don't know who gave you the courage to step into the Eternal Thunderbolt Domain Alone!"

A voice filled with contempt came from the middle-aged man in the sky.

Wang Xian's body stiffened and his expression was extremely ugly. He took a deep breath and stared at the middle-aged man!

"The Lord of Thunderbolt is really giving me face, Dragon King. He actually ordered people to monitor me at all times and Ambush Me Here!"

He said slowly while staring at the lord of Shocking Thunder with a dark expression.

As he said that, he took off his hood and his gaze was cold!

"What? Lord of Shocking Thunder? That person is the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace?"

When everyone around heard Wang Xian's words, they were shocked.

They looked at the lord of Shocking Thunder who was floating in the sky with a look of awe.

"Greetings, thunder god Lord!"

Everyone hurriedly knelt on the ground and greeted the thunder god Lord.

At the same time, they looked at the Dragon King in front of them in shock!

"Is the thunder god Lord Here to kill this Dragon King?"

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is going to be finished!"

Everyone had already made a decision in their hearts!

"Haha, ambushing you? You, Dragon King, think too highly of yourself. If I wanted to kill you, it would be as easy as squishing an ant to death!"

The god of thunder stared at Wang Xian and laughed out loud in a good mood!

Wang Xian stared at him and clenched his fist slightly. His gaze swept across the surroundings!

"Stop looking. You are just an ant. It is your honor for me to kill you with my own hands!"

The god of thunder stared at Wang Xian with a face full of contempt. He extended his index finger from high above and a bolt of lightning appeared on his finger!

"Crackle! Crackle!"

With a tap of his index finger, the bolt of lightning headed straight for Wang Xian.

Although it was a small action and even carried a hint of disdain in its attack style, the power of the lightning within was extremely terrifying.

"Boom!"

The bolt of lightning arrived in an instant. Wang Xian didn't even have the strength to resist and was directly struck by it.

His expression changed drastically and his body flew backward.

He didn't have the ability to resist at all!

Wang Xian sensed the terror of the lord of thunder and his expression changed drastically!

The sound of cracking could be heard from within his body!

The dragon punishing bone shattered!

"Crash!"

Wang Xian sensed that his body didn't receive much of an attack. He moved his body and the incipient holy wings appeared behind him.

The incipient holy wings flapped violently and he flew toward the void with all his might.

"Eh? He is really a stubborn ant!"

The god of Thunder raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw that his attack did not kill Wang Xian.

He waved his arm and dense thunderbolts struck toward Wang Xian once again.

"Damn it, the speed of the Thunderbolts is too fast!"

Wang Xian sensed the thunderbolts behind him and his expression changed slightly.

Crash

A rich seven-colored energy appeared directly on the wings. He gritted his teeth and the wings emitted an intense light.

He unleashed all his strength and narrowly avoided the bolts of lightning!

"HMPH, Dragon King, do you know why people call me the Thunder God Lord? I'll let you experience it today!"

The thunder god Lord snorted coldly when he saw that Wang Xian had dodged his attack again!

"Crackle!"

The sound of thunder and lightning came from behind. In the next moment, Wang Xian felt a purple bolt of lightning landing on his body!

Crack! Crack! Crack

The sound of the dragon punishing bone breaking was heard again!

After ruling over 42 planets, Wang Xian had obtained another dragon punishing bone! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"There are quite a lot of life-saving items. If you, an ant, can escape today, where will the face of the thunder god Lord Be?"

Eternal Thunderclap's face turned cold when he saw his attack was blocked by a ball of energy.