Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2164: 2164 the soul in the uninitiated holy wings

A thunderous sound!

All living things in the world were terrified!

This was the evaluation of the thunder god Lord from the boundless galaxy!

When the thunderous sound rang out, the terrifying attack had already landed on his body!

"Crackle crackle!"

The thunder god Lord stood in the void and looked at Wang Xian who was running for his life. He waved his arm playfully!

Two Thunderbolts instantly landed on the wings on Wang Xian's Back!

Wang Xian, who was running for his life, turned pale. When the bolts of lightning landed on his body, two miserable shrieks were heard.

The miserable shrieks did not originate from him but from the two dragon souls on his wings!

Under the power of the Lightning, the two dragon souls dissipated and completely sank into the uninitiated holy wings!

When he heard the miserable shrieks of the dragon souls on the uninitiated holy wings, his heart sank and a hint of despair appeared on his face!

Faced with such a terrifying thunder god Lord, Wang Xian didn't have the ability to resist at all.

"Hehe, die!"

"Pilipala!"

At this moment, a contemptuous voice came from behind. When the lightning struck, his face sank.

There was no time for him to escape. An incomparably huge lightning bolt landed directly on Wang Xian's body!

"Ah!"

A feeling of excruciating pain spread from his back. Wang Xian felt that a large part of his back was split open!

He could feel his blood dripping down crazily!

He could feel the life force in his body disappearing rapidly!

"I'm done for!"

His heart sank and a bitter expression appeared on his face.

He would never have thought that the thunder god was waiting for him here to ambush him!

"He's not dead yet? Ants really have a tough life. Let him perish!"

At this moment, violent purple thunderbolts struck toward Wang Xian.

"Hiss, the Dragon King is going to die!"

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is going to die. Haha, this is the outcome of offending our Eternal Thunderbolts!"

Below them, everyone from eternal Thunderbolts looked excited when they saw this scene.

There were also some merchants from the central region who felt a chill in their hearts when they saw this scene. They didn't expect to see this scene here.

They saw the fall of the leader of the Dragon Palace who had risen to power two years ago!

"Ah!"

Painful sounds filled his entire body. Wang Xian could feel that his body had been completely dismembered by the lightning. Even every single cell in his body seemed to have been obliterated!

He couldn't help but let out a miserable scream. He would definitely die from this attack!

Wang Xian could feel his consciousness dissipating. He could feel that he was about to die!

"Hahaha, I'm finally awake. HMM? This body is not bad. It's a pity that my life force has almost completely dissipated!"

"This won't do. I have to get rid of the Genesis wings now. I'm not completely dead yet. It's barely enough!"

Crash

Just as Wang Xian was in a daze and felt that he was about to disappear, a voice suddenly rang in his ears.

Following that, he felt the genesis wings on his back unfurling.

His body, which was almost destroyed, had recovered a little!

"You're Not Dead Yet?"

At this moment, the astonished voice of the thunder god Lord rang out!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Following that, Wang Xian heard the crackling of thunder and lightning.

"Damn it, how dare these Puny God Lords attack me, an ant!"

The furious voice of the old man continued to ring in Wang Xian's ears. Soon after, he felt the uninitiated holy wings wrapping around his entire body.

Crash

In front of him, he vaguely sensed a black hole appearing in front of him. He went straight into the black hole!

"How is this possible, die, die for this god!"

The thunder god Lord's furious voice continued to sound out, and bolts of lightning filled the void!

But the black hole slowly disappeared!

"Crackle crackle!"

In the sky above the heavenly sun planet, dense and endless lightning covered the sky, and the terrifying lightning caused the sky and Earth to change color!

Below, everyone stared at this scene in horror.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The thunder god Lord, who was located in the center of the Lightning, was extremely furious. He stared at the black hole that had completely disappeared with a ferocious expression.

He had actually failed!

He had actually allowed the Dragon King to escape in his hands!

How could he be willing to let the Dragon King, who was about to be killed by him, escape by force!

Where was his face?

He looked over with a gloomy face and his breathing was a little hurried!

"Pilipala!"

In the end, he left with a gloomy face.

If he failed this time, the Dragon King would never be alone again. It would be even harder for him to kill him!

"Hu hu, how terrifying. That Dragon King actually ran away. It's unbelievable!"

"He escaped from the hands of the thunder god Lord. That Dragon King is so powerful!"

Exclamations came from below. Everyone slowly stood up and sighed.

Soon, the news spread to the surroundings at a terrifying speed!

When the news of the Dragon King being ambushed and killed by the Lord of Thunder reached the Dragon Palace, all the members of the Dragon Palace were furious!

Although the Dragon King didn't die, it was still a blatant provocation to their dragon palace.

Prime Minister Gui immediately announced that all teleportation to eternal shocking thunder would be closed.

Then, the Dark Thunder Devil Dragon led a group of experts from the Dragon Palace to attack Eternal Shocking Thunder Planet.

At the same time, the hidden demons were ready to move, attacking eternal shocking thunder one after the other.

In one day, they directly broke through the four planets of eternal shocking thunder.

After taking over the four planets, the Dragon Palace finally gave up! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace on Earth, the ancestral tree in the Dragon King Palace suddenly trembled slightly. The soul-returning tree was emitting a mysterious luster!

The ancestral tree only moved for two seconds before it stopped!

"What's going on? I can't possess the body of a little god!"

"Crack! Crack! Crack! I'm so angry! What the hell is this place? The Primal Purple Qi is so thin!"

"Ah Ah, it's over, it's over! If we don't have a chance this time, our chances in the future will be even slimmer!"

In the sky above the western region, a voice suddenly came from a body that was falling from the sky!

The pale voice was filled with exasperation!

"Crash!"

The body had a pair of white bone wings. The bone wings trembled twice before it slowly entered the back and completely disappeared!

Bam

The body landed in the forest with a loud sound!

The one who fell from the sky was naturally Wang Xian, who had escaped by accident.

The heavy injuries on his body caused him to lose consciousness immediately!

"Eh, brother, there's someone here. No, he has two horns. He might be a descendant of a Divine Beast Too!"

After an unknown period of time, a sweet-sounding voice suddenly sounded. A beautiful young lady was sizing up Wang Xian under the tree.

The young lady had a pair of pointy ears and a long tail. She had a charming expression on her face!

"This is Lin Tiansen from the fox-pattern celestial race. How can there be a human here?"

A young man's voice was heard!

"He fainted here and is still breathing. Brother, come and take a look!"