Chapter 2165: 2165 void God Emperor

"Has he woken up yet?"

"Miss, not yet. It has been a month and he still hasn't woken up yet!"

"He seems to be seriously injured. I've checked some information on the divine beast descendant with two horns on his head, but I still can't find anything!"

In the room that had an ancient fragrance that made it seem like there were some unusual species, the sounds of conversation entered Wang Xian's ears.

He opened his eyes slightly and moved his body. Instantly, waves of intense pain came over!

Wang Xian frowned and tried to sense his body.

It was too horrible to look at!

"What happened? Based on my current situation, I should be dead for sure?"

"That's not right. At that time, there seemed to be a voice ringing in my ears!"

Wang Xian's face revealed a contemplative look as his eyes sparkled!

He clearly remembered that just as he was about to be killed, a voice suddenly rang out!

And the source of the voice was...

Wang Xian endured the pain in his body and sat up. Then, he touched his back!

Sensing that the voice outside had disappeared, he pondered for a moment!

"Come out!"

Wang Xian growled in a low voice. His voice was transmitted to the uninitiated holy wings behind him!

Buzz

"Brat, hurry up and pay your respects to me!"

All of a sudden, the entire wooden room underwent a change. The surroundings turned into a vast white space!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and sized up his surroundings. His gaze landed on the old man in front of him.

The old man looked like a celestial being. He had a long white beard and held a scepter in his hand. He seemed to be filled with an otherworldly aura.

However, his body was not real!

"Eh? Kid, I saved you from that little god. Why aren't you thanking me?"

When the old man saw that Wang Xian had no reaction, he snorted and raised his head slightly. He looked unhappy!

"Are you the soul of the incorporeal holy wings? You Don't deserve the soul of a divine weapon, yet you still want to possess it?"

Wang Xian stared at the old man coldly and said.

"Who is the soul of a divine weapon? I am the Celestial Emperor. Do you know that I am the Celestial Emperor? The celestial emperor who has swept across all corners of the world. You Better Watch What You Say!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When the old man heard Wang Xian's words, he roared furiously.

"Celestial Emperor?"

Wang Xian was slightly moved, but his face was still filled with coldness!

"So, you admit that you have possessed the soul? An old man who only has his soul left wants to possess the soul? I think you want your soul to be destroyed!"

Wang Xian stared at him coldly and growled in a low voice.

"How dare you! I Am the God of Heaven's formation, you little god..."

"Let's see what's going on with You First!"

The old man blew his beard and glared at him while Wang Xian said indifferently.

"You..."

When the old man heard his words, he instantly wilted. If he had a physical body, his face would definitely be flushed red!

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian didn't want to continue talking to him. This old man was hiding in the inceptive sage wings. He didn't wake up at the beginning, but there were two dragon souls suppressing him!

After the dragon souls were destroyed, he came out to possess him. His intentions were definitely not good!

Wang Xian naturally couldn't let him stay!

"Damn it, damn it, Stop!"

The old man sensed a special energy attacking his soul. His expression changed as he moved and disappeared!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian saw that the soul capturing effect had failed and the white mirror image around him had disappeared. He could sense the uninitiated holy wings behind him!

"Old Man, aren't you the Celestial Emperor? Why aren't you being arrogant anymore?"

He said faintly.

"You, you, you... little brother, you are ruthless!"

The old man's voice came from the uninitiated holy wings.

Wang Xian smiled coldly and ignored him.

The old man was defeated and didn't speak to Wang Xian anymore.

"Phew!"

He temporarily put aside the old man's matter behind him. He sensed the strength of his body and his face was filled with bitterness.

With his current strength, a powerhouse at the half-body level could kill him!

He moved his palm and took out some divine herbs and pills from the mother nest and consumed them directly!

"Young man, you're awake!"

At this moment, a middle-aged woman walked in. When the woman saw Wang Xian sitting up, she immediately walked over.

"Thank you, thank you for saving my life!"

Wang Xian looked at the woman and thanked her.

"You don't have to thank me, you don't have to thank me. It was our young mistress who brought you here. If you want to thank me, thank our young mistress!"

"I haven't eaten much in a month. Young Man, I'll bring you some soup!"

The woman spoke enthusiastically and turned around to walk out!

"I'm clearly the one who saved your life. You're a kid who repaid kindness with enmity. You must die, you must die!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly entered his mind.

Wang Xian was slightly stunned!

"Old Man, you're already dead!"

He said directly with a dark face.

As soon as he finished his sentence, the old man's voice immediately disappeared!

Wang Xian sat cross-legged on the bed and digested the medicinal pills he had just consumed. At the very least, he wanted to recover some of his injuries first!

As for the old man, he had doubts about him being an immortal emperor in the past!

Above the Eternal God Lord was the immortal god King, and above the immortal god King was the void God Emperor!

The void God Emperor represented eternal life. Only when he had the seven transformations of the Divine Dragon transformation would he be able to reach the void God Emperor level!

He did not believe the words of the old fellow inside the incipient sacred wings!

"God Emperor? Bullsh * T!"

Wang Xian muttered softly as he felt the digestion of the divine pill divine grass. However, his injuries had not even recovered by a tenth!

At the moment, he only had the strength of a peak-stage demigod!

"Bastard! Bastard! If I didn't die and my soul didn't enter the damn bone wings, I would have crushed you to death with one hand!"

"I will place you in the purgatory formation so that you can enjoy death and fear!"

In the Divine Wings, the old man roared furiously when he heard Wang Xian's words!

However, Wang Xian did not hear his angry roar.

"Young man, the soup is here. Drink some soup to nourish your body!"

At this moment, the woman who had just left walked in with a bowl of soup!

"Auntie, May I know where is this place?"

Wang Xian looked at the woman and asked with a smile on his face.

"Where is this place? This is Hu Xiang Mountain of the hu-wen celestial race!"

The woman said with a smile.

"Hu-wen celestial race? Hu Xiang Mountain? May I know what planet and which region is this?"

Wang Xian was puzzled as he continued to ask.

"HMM? Young Man, are you out of your mind? This is the hidden tiger planet in the territory of the Godly Tiger dynasty in the Western Region. Do you still remember your name?"

"Do you still remember where your home is? Do you want us to send you home so that your family won't be worried?"

The woman asked Wang Xian consecutively.

Wang Xian took the soup bowl and opened his mouth slightly. He didn't know how to respond and could only shake his head!

"Is there really something wrong with your head?"

The woman was slightly stunned and looked at him sympathetically.

When Wang Xian saw the woman's expression, the corner of his mouth twitched. He couldn't possibly say that he was from the Northern Region?

The woman wouldn't believe it even if he told her!

"The western region. Ao jian should be in the western region or the central region. It shouldn't be too far from the Divine Tomb!"