Chapter 2166: 2166, Hu Yan ‘er

With my current strength, I can't even use the Kingdom of God. I can't even summon the disciples of the Dragon Palace. Looks like I'll have to stay on the hidden tiger planet for a period of time

Wang Xian finished the soup in his hand and pondered in his heart.

This injury was the heaviest he had ever suffered. He was able to survive in the end because of the old man.

However, this did not make Wang Xian thank the old man. After all, the old man wanted to possess him!

The sky outside gradually darkened. The woman left after giving some instructions.

Wang Xian stood up from the bed and walked out of the room.

Due to his injury, he looked weak and extremely pale.

After walking out of the room, Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and realized that he was in the courtyard at the foot of the mountain!

The courtyard was not very big. There were flowers of various colors planted in it. In the middle of the courtyard was a tree that was dozens of meters tall!

A small courtyard by itself is not bad. I will have to thank the people who brought me here in the future

Wang Xian thought to himself as he walked to the chair under the tree.

He took out his communication stone plate and prepared to contact ao Jian to ask about the situation!

However, Ao Jian didn't reply to his message even after sending it for a long time!

"It seems like Ao Jian must have encountered something or has entered the divine tomb!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He closed his eyes and began to restore his strength!

Buzz

In an instant, dense spiritual energy entered his body, causing it to be slowly enveloped by a seven-colored radiance!

"Eh? What's going on? The seven-colored radiance? No, this is seven attributes. It's seven attributes!"

"How is this possible? Impossible, absolutely impossible. It's impossible for a person to have seven attributes at the same time!"

"I must have sensed wrongly. F * ck, how could I have sensed wrongly? This kid has seven attributes!"

When Wang Xian began to absorb the spiritual energy and the seven-colored radiance enveloped him, the old man in the incipient saint wings suddenly widened his eyes.

His body trembled and his face was filled with disbelief.

This was the first time he had seen something like this even though he had lived for tens of millions of years!

Seven attributes. How could a person have seven attributes?

"This kid is too weird. He is too heaven-defying!"

The old man kept stroking his long beard with his bare hands. He kept walking and his expression changed.

The more he sensed, the more certain he was that the kid had seven attributes!

Seven attributes. This had touched the blind spot of his knowledge as an Almighty God!

When he just woke up, he felt as though he was living in a dream!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was recovering his strength, suddenly felt the scene in front of him changing!

In front of him, an old man with white hair and a long beard appeared in front of him. A pair of fiery eyes were staring at him!

"Old Man, what are you doing this time?"

Wang Xian frowned as he looked at the old man and asked immediately!

"Kid, you are lucky. I have decided to take you in as my disciple, my last disciple!"

The old man didn't care about Wang Xian's rudeness and spoke to him seriously.

"Hehe, a dead man still wants to be my master? Even if you are really the celestial emperor, you don't have the qualifications!"

Wang Xian said indifferently.

Putting aside the fact that the old man had already fallen, even if he didn't fall, a celestial emperor of the void who had the inheritance of the Divine Dragon didn't have the qualifications to be his master!

"You... I am the Celestial Emperor of the sky array and I can sweep through all corners of the world. You, you, you, you... You Brat..."

When the old man heard his words, he was instantly enraged. He extended his hand and pointed at Wang Xian!

"Hehe, this old man doesn't have any good intentions. Get lost immediately. Don't disturb me from restoring my strength. Otherwise..."

Wang Xian threatened him faintly.

"Huff, Huff!"

The old man's breathing was a little hurried. He knew that Wang Xian was not joking. With a move, he disappeared immediately!

"I will look for an opportunity to subdue him or absorb his memories!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he looked at the old man who had disappeared. The surrounding scenery had recovered.

He slowly closed his eyes and continued to recover!

Damn it, damn it. That Kid is very wary of me. It seems that he has a lot of opinions about me after the previous possession

The old man returned to the space of the uninitiated holy wings and said with a black face.

"Seven attributes! There doesn't seem to be such a heaven-defying existence in history. No Wonder I didn't succeed in possessing him!"

"However, if I can take him in as my disciple, I might be able to take revenge in the future. I might even have a chance to reconstruct my golden body!"

"No, no, this kid has a lot of opinions about me!"

An anxious look appeared on the old man's face. After a few minutes, he raised his head slightly.

"Looks like I have to refresh my good impression of him bit by bit!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

With a bitter expression, he nodded towards the void.

Buzz

The next moment, a faint purple glow appeared around Wang Xian. The purple glow flashed past!

"Huh?"

Suddenly, Wang Xian sensed that the spiritual energy around him had increased by about twenty times!

"I am the God of Heaven's formation. No one can compare to the heaven and earth great formation. This is a small formation that can increase the surrounding spiritual energy by twenty times!"

"If I were at my peak, I could wave my arm and form the heaven and earth great formation to gather spiritual energy within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!"

"If you become my disciple, I will teach you how to set up the Heaven and Earth Formation and control the power of Laws!"

The old man's voice entered Wang Xian's mind.

He raised his eyebrows slightly and a hint of surprise flashed across his eyes!

He didn't reply and just sat there quietly with his legs crossed!

"HMPH, a kid who holds grudges!"

The old man spoke angrily from within the inceptive sage wings!

"Miss, master, that young man has already woken up. It seems like there's something wrong with his brain. He doesn't even know about our planet!"

After an unknown period of time, Wang Xian suddenly heard a voice coming from outside the door.

"Something wrong with his brain? Does that mean he doesn't know where he came from? If he doesn't know, he will be thrown into the hall of servants!"

A middle-aged man's voice rang out!

"Father, no matter what, I was the one who saved him outside. How can he be sent to the hall of servants!"

A disgruntled voice rang out. It was pleasant to the ear!

"We Celestials don't Keep Idle People!"

The middle-aged man's dignified voice rang out!

"That won't do. Then let him make his own choice!"

The female voice said in dissatisfaction!

Wang Xian listened to the conversation outside and slowly opened his eyes!

"Huala!"

"HMM?"

The door to the courtyard opened. The middle-aged man, the woman, and a young girl walked in.

The middle-aged man was slightly skinny. He had a tail behind him and looked like a scholar!

He looked at Wang Xian who was sitting cross-legged and cultivating. He sized up Wang Xian from head to toe and his eyes were filled with astonishment!

"The strength of a demigod?"

He was secretly shocked and opened his mouth to speak!

"I am Wang Xian. Thank you for saving my life, Miss!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the middle-aged man and landed on the delicate-looking young lady with three pink marks on her face. She had fox ears and a fox tail.

A hint of astonishment flashed across his eyes as he cupped his hands!

"You still remember the name?"

The middle-aged man raised his eyebrows!