Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2167: 2167. Under Hu Yan Er

"Eh, it seems like you have recovered completely!"

The young lady with a fox tail and ears sized up Wang Xian and said with a smile.

"Yes, I have recovered a little!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly at the young lady.

"Judging from your aura, you shouldn't be from an ordinary family. Were you being chased by your enemies when you were seriously injured?"

The skinny middle-aged man stared at Wang Xian and asked faintly.

"It was an ambush by my enemies!"

Wang Xian nodded at the middle-aged man!

"You don't look like you have lost your memory at all!"

The skinny middle-aged man revealed a cold look in his eyes. He stared at Wang Xian's pupils and wagged his tail gently!

Buzz

A cluster of red mist suddenly enveloped Wang Xian!

"Tell me, where are you from?"

Being suddenly covered by the Red Mist, Wang Xian was slightly stunned. Soon after, he felt that his consciousness was a little blurry!

His mind jolted and he frowned slightly as he looked at the surrounding mist!

"I don't know!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before answering.

He couldn't possibly tell them that he was from the northern region and that he was being chased by a god, right?

It would be fine if they didn't believe him if he told them that. However, if they did, they would definitely be dumbfounded and their faces would be filled with astonishment!

"Then, how do you know your own name?"

The skinny middle-aged man's voice continued to ring out!

"I don't know!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently!

"Father!"

Outside the Red Mist, the young girl's expression changed slightly when she saw her father displaying the innate ability of the fox-patterned celestial race. She hurriedly pulled her father's arm.

"This kid has the strength of a demigod. In order to prevent any accidents and prevent the other party from intentionally getting close to us, we must investigate clearly!"

"But now, it seems like he has really lost his memory!"

The thin and weak middle-aged man said to the young girl.

He had already ignited the divine fire and performed the innate divine ability of the fox-patterned celestial race to charm a demigod. He was still very confident.

He didn't ask any more questions. With a wave of his arm, the red mist dissipated.

"Miss, you saved me. I, Wang Xian, will definitely repay you in the future!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and said to the young lady.

"No need, no need. Even if I didn't save you, you might still be fine!"

The young lady waved her hand. Her face was full of smiles.

"Oh right, you have two horns on your head. Are you also a descendant of a divine beast?"

She looked at Wang Xian's horns curiously and asked!

Wang Xian shook his head lightly and didn't say anything else!

"It seems like you have really lost your memory. However, you have already reached the demigod level at such a young age. You are quite impressive!"

The young lady looked at him with slight admiration!

"Your talent is quite strong. Reaching the demigod level in your thirties is not bad!"

The thin middle-aged man nodded his head faintly.

Wang Xian's age had already been found out when the doctor was treating him. They already knew about it!

He smiled faintly when he heard that. If they were to know that he was the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and had the strength at the peak of the godly state in the past, he wondered how they would react!

"Master, this is bad. The young sect master of the ancient orchid divine sect and the Princess of the Divine Tiger Dynasty have come to our fox-patterned divine clan. They are all in the main hall now. The clan has asked me to call you and miss over!"

At this moment, an anxious voice came from outside.

"What? The ancient orchid divine sect has really come!"

The thin middle-aged man was slightly stunned as anger appeared on his face!

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

He looked at the young lady at the side. His gaze focused and landed on Wang Xian. "Little brother, follow me too!"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned and nodded in astonishment.

"You're here?"

When the young girl heard the report from the servant, she revealed an excited expression on her face.

Wang Xian looked at the anger of the skinny middle-aged man and the excitement in the young girl's eyes. He was extremely astonished.

"Young Lady, what happened?"

Following behind the skinny middle-aged man, Wang Xian asked the young girl beside him in puzzlement. He couldn't help but look at the tail behind her! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"I'm here to break off the engagement. When I was just born, my father made an engagement for me when I was young. The other party seems to have a princess on the list and is here to break off the engagement with me!"

The young lady turned around and said with a smile.

"Break off the engagement with you? This... Shouldn't you be very angry? Then, you said, 'Don't bully a young lady who is poor. The river flows east for thirty years, and the river flows west for thirty years...'"

Wang Xian was a little stunned when he saw how happy she was!

Why didn't she play by the rules? !

"Hehe, I've only met that guy once or twice. I don't like him either. It was all my father's engagement when I was young. I'm even happy that he came to break off the engagement!"

The young girl said softly.

"It's just that my father and grandfather are a little angry. They said that it's not good for a girl's reputation, and it will also have a great impact on our family!"

Following that, the young girl spoke in a low voice.

Wang Xian nodded his head speechlessly. Although the young girl's reaction was abnormal, her family's reaction was still quite normal!

After all, if others came to break off the engagement, it would be a great insult to their family!

It would also be bad for the young girl's reputation in the future!

"By the way, my name is Hu Yan 'er. You can just call me by this name from now on!"

Hu Yan 'er continued to speak to Wang Xian.

He nodded his head and gained a little understanding of Hu Yan 'er and the fox-patterned celestial race.

A family that was born from the transformation of a divine beast and a human girl was not uncommon in the boundless galaxy!

However, this was the first time Wang Xian had seen a young fox girl.

She had a good figure and was filled with charm. Even the legendary Daji's appearance was just so-so!

"Little Brother!"

Following Hu Yan 'er's father, they came to the front of a hall on the mountain peak. The middle-aged man suddenly turned his head to look at Wang Xian!

"Please speak!"

Wang Xian nodded and replied.

"My daughter saved your life. When it's time for you to repay her later, I hope you can act according to the situation in the Hall!"

Suddenly, the middle-aged man spoke to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian was a little stunned by his words. The young girl at the side also looked at her father in puzzlement.

However, before they could speak, the skinny middle-aged man walked into the main hall with a cold expression on his face.

"Hahaha, brother Hu Fei is here. My niece is here too!"

Just as he walked into the main hall, a loud laughter was heard.

Wang Xian looked over and saw more than 20 people standing on the left. They were dressed in green and the person who spoke was a middle-aged man who was holding a wooden scepter!

Beside the middle-aged man was a young man wearing a green straw hat and green clothes. The young man looked handsome and did not seem to be bothered.

At this moment, a lady dressed in purple with a tiger's head embroidered on her chest was holding onto the young man's arm.

When she saw Hu Yan 'er and the rest arriving, she raised her head slightly and stared at Hu Yan 'er provocatively!

There were about thirty to forty people standing on the right. Their faces were filled with anger.

In the middle, an old man and a middle-aged man with a tiger's head embroidered on their bodies were sitting there!

"Father!"

When Hu Fei saw this scene, his expression turned slightly ugly. He ignored the middle-aged man and directly bowed to the old man who was sitting there!

"Grandfather!"!

Hu Yan 'er also immediately called out!