Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2168: 2168

"Yes!"

The old man in the center nodded with a gloomy face when he saw Hu Yan er and the others arrive!

"Since you're here, just say what you want to say!"

The middle-aged man sitting next to the old man in the center said faintly.

"Brother Hu Fei, I'm really sorry about what happened this time. My Son and Princess Tian ran fell in love with each other at first sight. As parents, we can't force them to stop the marriage between our son and your beloved. As for the marriage between our son and your beloved in the past, I think we should just drop it!"

"This is the marriage contract from back then!"

The middle-aged man on the left took out the marriage contract with a smile on his face and said with a smile.

"Marriage can not be forced. Since Young Tian is so outstanding, there will naturally be better choices!"

As soon as the middle-aged man finished speaking, the girl holding the young man's arm said with a smile on her face.

When Hu Fei heard their words, his expression changed slightly!

"My Hu Fei's daughter is very outstanding!"

He said coldly with a sullen face.

"Shaotian, do you think she is outstanding or I am outstanding? Tell me!"

When the girl heard Hu Fei's words, she raised her head slightly and shook Gu Shaotian's arm as she said softly.

"Naturally, you are more outstanding. How can the other girls compare to you!"

Gu Shaotian hurriedly said.

He swept a glance at Hu Yan 'er as his eyes flashed with a burning desire. However, he immediately lowered his head and coaxed the Woman!

In terms of beauty, no one in the world could compare to Hu Yan 'er from the Hu Wen Celestial race!

However, in terms of talent and background, Tian ran was even more powerful. He knew how to choose!

The ancient orchid divine sect would also make him choose!

"HMPH!"

When Hu Yan 'er heard their words, her small face turned cold as she snorted.

"Hehe, brother Hu Fei, accept it!"

The middle-aged man looked at Hu Fei and said indifferently.

Previously, their ancient orchid divine sect had privately discussed the engagement with the Fox Mark Divine clan. However, how could the Fox Mark Divine clan agree.

This was related to their family clan's humiliation and Hu Yan 'er's reputation. They had directly rejected it!

But this time, they had brought Princess Tian ran and Princess Tian ran had brought experts over. Even if the Fox Mark Divine clan didn't agree, they had to agree!

"Back then, it was you who said you wanted to form an alliance through marriage. Now, it's you who want to break the contract. The ancient orchid divine sect has gone a little too far!"

The old man sitting at the front in the middle said with a cold expression!

"Elder Hu, the ancient orchid divine sect might have made a mistake this time, but we can't joke about our child's marriage!"

"When the time comes, our Royal Highness will send some gifts as compensation!"

The middle-aged man beside him said indifferently.

"Compensation? How can my sister's reputation be compensated!"

Without waiting for the elder to speak, a young man in the main hall spoke with a face full of anger.

"Impudent! How can commander Lian speak when you have the right to speak!"

On the other side, a middle-aged man shouted at the young man!

"Haha!"

Commander Lian glanced at the young man and said with a faint smile!

"Haha, everyone, don't quarrel. Don't quarrel. It's just a small matter. Isn't it just a matter of marriage? It's just an engagement!"

At this moment, Hu Fei, who was standing in the center, suddenly took a deep breath. He forced a smile and said.

"Father!"

"Oh?"

The members of the Fox Mark Divine clan were startled. They looked at Hu Fei in astonishment.

Even the elder and Hu Yan 'er on the stage looked on in astonishment!

Such a matter was no small matter to a family clan like theirs!

"HMPH!"

Princess Tian ran harrumphed when she heard Hu Fei's words. A satisfied expression appeared on her face.

"Hehe, I won't hide it from everyone from the ancient orchid divine sect. Even if all of you don't come today, we might have to make a trip to your place!"

"My daughter, Hu Fei, believes that no one in the entire hidden tiger planet can compare to her beauty. She is the apple of my eye. Naturally, she will marry an outstanding young man who satisfies me!"

"You can tear up this marriage contract directly. This is a copy of ours. Xiao Xian, come, tear it up. This time, it will save us a lot of trouble!"

Hu Fei was all smiles as he spoke. He took out a marriage contract from his interspatial ring and walked to Wang Xian, handing it to him!

"Little brother, my daughter saved your life. You have seen the current situation. My daughter and the reputation of the Huwen Celestial race can not be ruined!"

"You can take her place for now. After a period of time, I will let my daughter declare that she is not suitable for you. This way, my daughter's reputation will not be tarnished!"

"This is your gratitude for saving my daughter's Life!"

Hu Fei was standing opposite Wang Xian. As she handed over the marriage contract, she transmitted her voice to him.

"This..."

Wang Xian was a little dazed. He looked at the thin middle-aged man in front of him with a stunned expression!

"Father!"

Hu Yan 'er was obviously stunned as well. She immediately called out to her father in a low voice.

Hu Fei looked at her daughter. It was obvious that she was transmitting her voice to him!

"F * ck... Old Fox, what a F * ck!"

Wang Xian looked at this scene in a daze. F * ck, only an old Fox would be able to think of this.

You are here to break off the engagement. Alright, I will also announce that I have broken off the engagement. I will also announce that I have found a son-in-law that I am more satisfied with on the spot.

What a F * ck!

If the parties involved in breaking off the engagement in those novels had such an awesome father, there wouldn't be any three-year agreement. The river flows east for thirty years and the river flows west for thirty years...

It seemed that Hu Yan 'er wasn't the only one who didn't play by the rules when it came to the annulment of the marriage. Hu Yan 'er's father didn't play by the rules either!

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er beside him and noticed that her delicate face was constantly changing!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled speechlessly and tore the marriage contract in his hand gently!

He already owed her a favor. It was good to return it!

As for the reputation issues such as being dumped or divorced, he didn't really care about them!

"This, this..."

At this moment, everyone from the ancient orchid divine sect was stunned when they saw this scene.

Their eyes were fixed on Wang Xian as their expressions kept changing!

"Good, what a good Hu Fei. You guys are looking for a son-in-law in advance!"

The middle-aged man on the left said in a low voice with a slightly angry expression. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

What was this? They had come to break off the engagement, but in the end, the other party had already found a son-in-law for their daughter!

Did that mean that before the engagement was broken off, their son had already been cheated on?

If this were to spread out, their ancient orchid divine sect's reputation would be tarnished as well!

"What? Ancient Orchid Divine sect, you guys are allowed to find a good daughter-in-law, but I, Hu Fei, am not allowed to find a good son-in-law. Haha!"

Hu Fei immediately laughed out loud when he saw their defeated expressions.

When Hu Yan 'er's elder brother saw this scene, the corners of his mouth twitched. The eyes of the elder on the stage flickered as a faint smile appeared on his face.

In such a situation, even the princess and experts of the Prince's manor could not say anything!

"Hu Fei, are you deliberately making our ancient orchid divine sect look bad?"

The expressions of the more than twenty people from the ancient orchid divine sect did not look good as the middle-aged man in the lead said in a deep voice!

"It's just the two of you coming!"

Hu Fei said coldly as they went head to head!

"You..."

The middle-aged man's face turned gloomy as his expression changed!

"Hu Fei, you said that this young man is more satisfactory to you. Then, I want to see just how big the gap is between my son and this young man who is satisfactory to you!"

"Also, let my son know the gap between us!"

Suddenly, the corner of the middle-aged man's mouth slightly curled up as he said in a low voice with an ice-cold face!