Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2169: 2169, I don’t need to fight you

"Let me know the difference between you and me!"

The young man from the ancient orchid divine sect shouted. His eyes were fixed on Wang Xian, and his eyes were sparkling!

When everyone heard the middle-aged man's words, they were stunned for a moment. Then, they started to laugh along with the people from the ancient orchid divine sect!

Their eyes were also sparkling!

Gu Shaotian was the young master of the ancient orchid divine sect. He possessed the best resources, and his talent was equally outstanding. He was well-known throughout the entire hidden Tiger Planet!

Now, he was only in his thirties, but he already had a cultivation base at the sixth level demigod realm. In the entire planet, there were not many youths who were stronger than him!

Furthermore, these youths who were stronger than him were all famous figures. This youth in front of him was definitely not one of them!

If Gu Shaotian were to ruthlessly humiliate him, it would be tantamount to saying that Gu Shaotian had ruthlessly humiliated the son-in-law of the fox-vein divine race. Hu Fei was blind!

This way, their ancient orchid divine sect would be able to vent their anger. It would also cause the reputation of the fox-vein divine race to be tarnished! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Killing two birds with one stone!

"That's right. Uncle Hu Fei's foresight has always impressed me. Now that Uncle Hu Fei has found a son-in-law that satisfies him, I believe that it is something that I, Gu Shaotian, can not compare to. In that case, I would like to seek advice from this friend of mine!"

"Let me see how big the gap is between you and this friend!"

Gu Shaotian heard his father's words and immediately walked out. He narrowed his eyes and stared at Wang Xian!

"That's right. Naturally, all of you have said that your daughter is unparalleled in the world. I would like to see how your son-in-law can compare to Shaotian!"

Princess Tian ran, who was holding onto Gu Shaotian's arm, curled her lips slightly. She stared at Hu Yan 'er provocatively!

"No, he hasn't recovered from his injuries!"

Hu Yan 'er's expression changed slightly when she saw this scene. She immediately said.

"Let's talk about this matter when we have the time!"

Hu Fei's expression also changed slightly when he saw this. He immediately said.

Although he could sense that Wang Xian's strength had already reached the demigod realm, there should still be a gap between him and Gu Shaotian!

If they were to really spar, Gu Shaotian would definitely not let go of a chance to humiliate Wang Xian. He would also embarrass the fox-patterned celestial race!

"Since the matter has been resolved, everyone, please return!"

The old man sitting in the front also frowned slightly and said faintly.

He had never met Wang Xian before. At this moment, he also understood that this might be a young man whom his son had randomly found.

There was naturally a huge gap between a young man that was randomly found and the young sect master of the ancient orchid divine sect.

"Why? He will be a direct descendant of your fox-patterned divine clan in the future. He doesn't even dare to spar with you. Or are you afraid that he will lose too miserably?"

As soon as the old man finished his sentence, Princess Tian ran immediately raised her head and said.

"Hehe, it's good for young people to spar with each other. What kind of man are you if you are afraid?"

The middle-aged man beside the old man said slowly. He picked up the Teacup beside him and took a sip!

"Uncle Hu Fei, is your son-in-law not strong enough? If that's the case, I can give him an arm!"

Gu Shaotian took two steps forward and slowly placed an arm behind his back!

Provocation, a blatant provocation!

Hu Fei's expression was a little ugly. He looked at Wang Xian.

"He's injured. Let's not spar with him!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at Wang Xian and whispered!

"If you still don't agree, TSK tsk, then your Huwen Celestial race really has poor taste in finding such a useless son-in-law!"

The middle-aged man on the left mocked!

"Father, there's another possibility. The other party has heard of my name and doesn't dare to make a move!"

Gu Shaotian raised his head slightly and stared at Wang Xian with disdain.

"You don't dare to make a move?"

Wang Xian, who had been standing there, swept his gaze across the people from the ancient orchid divine sect and landed on Gu Shaotian. He smiled faintly.

He took two steps forward indifferently!

"Eh? Wang Xian, you have just woken up. Your injuries are not yet..."

"It's alright. Although your injuries have not recovered, I can still deal with him!"

Hu Yan er said to Wang Xian with some worry. Before she could say anything, she was interrupted by him!

"Can you do it?"

"Don't Go Too Far!"

Hu Fei looked at Wang Xian with an ugly expression when she saw that they had reached this stage.

Then, she said to Gu Shaotian.

"Swords and sabers have no eyes. If we really hurt this friend, or if he were to kneel here, that nephew wouldn't be able to do anything about it!"

Gu Shaotian said with a smile!

"Haha, Shaotian, you have to give this uncle of yours some face. It wasn't easy for him to find a son-in-law that he was satisfied with. It wouldn't be good if he was embarrassed!"

The middle-aged man laughed heartily at the side!

"Shaotian, let him know what a proud son of Heaven Is!"

Princess Tian ran looked at Gu Shaotian with adoration and said with her head slightly raised.

"Don't Worry!"

Gu Shaotian walked slowly to the center of the hall. He raised his head slightly and gestured to Wang Xian!

"Oh no, he might not be a match for Gu Shaotian!"

"Sigh, Gu Shaotian's influence is ranked among the younger generation!"

When the members of the fox-striped race saw this scene, they shook their heads secretly. A hint of helplessness could be seen on their faces.

Although they didn't know why Wang Xian had suddenly appeared, they weren't optimistic about this battle!

"I'll let you make the first move!"

Gu Shaotian followed with one hand and held a wooden saber in the other. He pointed the saber at Wang Xian provocatively!

"It's over, it's over!"

Hu Yan 'er covered her eyes and didn't dare to look at this scene. She mumbled to herself!

"I'll let you make the first move. Otherwise, you won't have a Chance!"

Wang Xian walked slowly to the center and looked at Gu Shaotian indifferently!

"HMM? Haha, interesting, interesting. You're the most arrogant fellow I've ever seen!"

"Since you want me to make the first move, then kneel down!"

Gu Shaotian revealed a sullen expression when he heard Wang Xian's words.

He spoke with a cold expression. With a wave of the wooden saber in his hand, a wooden saber condensed from wood attribute was slashed towards Wang Xian's knee!

"Be careful!"

Hu Yan 'er's voice sounded from the side.

On the left, everyone from the ancient orchid divine sect was smiling as they watched this scene. Their eyes were filled with ridicule!

Wang Xian took a glance at the wooden saber condensed from wood attribute. Strangely, his gaze dissipated before it even reached him!

"Huh?"

The instant the wooden blade dissipated, Gu Shaotian was slightly stunned!

He looked at Wang Xian in astonishment and their eyes met!

At this moment, he felt an extremely terrifying pressure coming towards him.

This pressure was as powerful as a prison!

He was facing an extremely terrifying god of death who was filled with killing intent!

In an instant, his forehead was filled with cold sweat and his body was trembling violently!

"Plop!"

The next moment, under everyone's shocked gaze, he suddenly fell to the ground, his face full of fear and trembling!

"No, no, don't kill me, don't kill me!"

A terrified voice came from his mouth!