Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2170: 2170, facing you, I don’t need to make a move

What?

What is this situation?

At this moment, when everyone saw Gu Shaotian suddenly prostrate on the ground, trembling all over and shouting not to kill him, everyone in the hall was dumbfounded!

What's going on?

What is Gu Shaotian doing?

"F * ck, what is Gu Shaotian doing? Is he peeing in fear?"

Hu Yan 'er's brother was the first to blurt out.

Peeing in fear?

The words reverberated in everyone's mind.

Hu Yan 'er's hand that was covering her face slowly moved away. She was stunned when she saw Gu Shaotian lying on the ground, trembling.

He quickly looked at Wang Xian and saw him staring at Gu Shaotian with a calm expression. He opened his mouth slightly!

"Shaotian!"

A soft voice was heard. The voice entered Gu Shaotian's ears directly!

At this moment, more than 20 people from the entire ancient orchid divine sect were looking at the scene with extremely astonished and embarrassed expressions!

Gu Shaotian's father's face was extremely gloomy!

Gulp

"I... I..."

At this moment, Gu Shaotian, who was lying on the ground, suddenly woke up. His body trembled as he stared at Wang Xian with a horrified expression.

He hurriedly stood up and hid towards his father's position!

"Father, his... his aura is too terrifying. It's too terrifying. He..."

Gu Shaotian's face was pale. His forehead was filled with cold sweat as he pointed at Wang Xian and spoke in fear.

The terrifying pressure that was suffocating him was buried deep in his heart, causing him to tremble non-stop!

"You... Shaotian, wake up!"

"Shaotian, what happened to you? What happened to you?" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The middle-aged man stared at his son with an extremely unsightly expression.

Princess Tian ran, who was beside him, was also grabbing Gu Shaotian in a panic!

"I... I'm fine, I'm Fine!"

Gu Shaotian saw his father and girlfriend and his heart calmed down slightly!

However, when he looked at Wang Xian, there was still a trace of fear in his eyes!

"Someone like you still wants me to kneel here!"

"You don't even have the right to make me fight. I don't need to fight against you!"

Wang Xian looked at Gu Shaotian and said calmly!

Even though he was severely injured, he didn't even need to fight against a demigod. He could make his opponent lose the ability to fight with his imposing manner and pressure!

It was undoubtedly a pipe dream for a demigod at level six to make him kneel!

Even if Wang Xian didn't use his aura, he could just use his aura that he had been fighting against many powerhouses for a long time. The opponent would tremble when he stood there!

The disdainful voice entered everyone's ears and everyone in the hall became excited.

The expressions of the people from the ancient orchid divine sect were abnormally ugly.

They had originally wanted to use Gu Shaotian to suppress Hu Fei's son-in-law and make him embarrassed. However, they never expected that the other party would just stand there without moving. Their young sect master was so frightened that he nearly peed his pants!

If this were to spread out, their young sect master would become the laughingstock of the entire hidden Tiger Star!

It could even be said that the Fox Mark Divine clan wasn't satisfied with Gu Shaotian's son-in-law, so they directly broke off the engagement and found another one!

In this way, another cuckold would come down. Their Gu Lan divine sect would be humiliated!

Princess Tian ran looked extremely embarrassed when she saw this scene!

What would outsiders say about her?

Picking up a fiancé that others didn't want?

More than 20 people stood there gloomily. The middle-aged man's body was even trembling!

"Haha, as expected of our Huwen Celestial race's son-in-law. Not Bad, not bad!"

In the middle of the hall, the old man stood up excitedly and looked at Wang Xian with admiration. He was in a great mood!

His carefree voice resounded throughout the entire hall!

Regardless of whether it was a real son-in-law or a fake son-in-law, he was extremely happy about today's matter!

Especially since this son-in-law was so good at showing off!

I don't need to make a move against you!

Haha!

"That's right, our second brother and Yan 'er still have good taste!"

"Haha, only such a proud son of heaven is worthy of Yan 'er. No one else is worthy of her!"

The members of the fox-traced celestial race were also laughing excitedly.

As they spoke, they looked at the members of the ancient orchid divine sect mockingly!

"You... What did you do to Shaotian?"

Princess Tian ran revealed an angry expression when she heard Wang Xian and the rest's mocking words.

She pointed at Wang Xian and questioned him with a flushed face.

"A defeat is a defeat!"

Wang Xian looked at Princess Tian ran indifferently and said calmly.

"You..."

Princess Tian ran choked slightly. Her eyes were filled with fury!

"Phew, since Shaotian has lost to you, I would like to challenge Miss Hu Yan 'er!"

"I want to let Shaotian know that he didn't choose the wrong person!"

Her gaze turned cold as she looked in Hu Yan 'er's direction and said coldly.

Princess Tian ran not only had a powerful background, but she was also one of the top beauties in the entire Hidden Tiger Planet!

Gu Shaotian had suffered a loss at the hands of Wang Xian. She wanted to get him back!

"Hehe, Princess Tian ran, our Yan 'er is not your match. Today is the matter between us and the ancient orchid divine sect!"

"Now that the matter has been settled, we will have to send our guests off!"

When the elder in the middle heard Princess Tian ran's words, he immediately spoke up!

Hu Yan 'er was indeed no match for Princess Tian ran. In addition to Princess Tian ran's background, he might as well just admit defeat!

Admitting defeat was not shameful!

"HMPH!"

Hu Yan 'er saw Princess Tian ran's provocation and pouted her lips in slight dissatisfaction!

However, when she saw Gu Shaotian's pale face beside her, her mood turned bad again!

"Hu! Let's Go!"

The middle-aged man from the ancient orchid divine sect let out an embarrassed growl and turned around to walk out!

It was even more shameful to stay here!

"Tian ran, let's... Let's Go!"

Gu Shaotian pulled Princess Tian ran's arm and said softly.

"HMPH!"

Princess Tian ran was a little angry as she waved her hand and walked out with a gloomy expression!

The middle-aged man who was sitting in front of her stood up slightly and walked out.

When he passed by Wang Xian, he paused for a moment and sized him up. Then, he left without saying anything!

"Haha, this is so satisfying. He actually came to our Hu Wen Celestial race to break off the engagement. In a while, I have to properly promote the ancient orchid divine sect!"

Seeing them leave, Hu Yan Er's brother said loudly with a face full of relief.

"This time, I have to thank this little brother. Little Brother is very strong. He should have used his aura to suppress Gu Shaotian just now. If I'm not wrong, little brother should have at least the strength of a peak demigod!"

The old man in front also walked over with a smile on his face. His eyes were sparkling as he sized up Wang Xian!

"Old Man, you have sharp eyes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. His body was severely injured and he could only unleash the strength of the peak of half of his body!

"Hiss, peak of the demigod realm. This... is a heaven's favorite!"

"Peak of the demigod realm! This is unparalleled in the entire hidden Tiger Planet!"

When the people around the fox-striped celestial race heard their family head's words, they were shocked.

In their entire clan, there were only three deity realm experts. They were at the peak of the demigod realm, which was considered the peak of the fox-pattern divine clan!

Most importantly, the other party was young!