Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2171: On the peak of 217110 days

Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"He is actually a powerhouse at the peak of the demigod realm. A peak of the demigod realm in his thirties. He's so powerful!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at Wang Xian in the main hall in astonishment. Her face was filled with astonishment.

She had never expected that the young man whom she and her brother had saved would be so powerful!

In the entire hidden tiger planet, he was definitely a top-notch existence!

"Yan 'er, little brother Wang Xian's injuries have yet to recover. You should bring him back first!"

"Also, go to the Spirit Medicine Room and get two pills at the peak of the demigod realm to treat little brother's injuries!"

Hu Fei's eyes flickered as he looked at Wang Xian and instructed Hu Yan 'er!

"It's father!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded her head and looked at Wang Xian with a smile on her face.

"Let's go. Thank you for what happened today. If it weren't for you, we would have lost face!"

She said with a smile.

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly and followed her to their residence.

"Hu Fei, who is this young man?"

As he watched Wang Xian leave, the elder in the middle walked over and asked with a twinkle in his eyes!

"Father, Yan 'er and Xiao Zhi found him in our Lin Tiansen. They brought him here when he was unconscious!"

Hu Fei shook her head and seemed to be in deep thought.

"Yes, grandfather. At that time, he fell into our Lin Tiansen. Little sister and I brought him here. He seemed to have just woken up after being unconscious for almost a month!"

The young man named Xiao Zhi immediately echoed.

"Such a young man has the strength of half a body. He must be the son of a big force. However, with his strength, he shouldn't be unknown!"

A middle-aged man frowned and said.

"I checked him with my bewitching technique. He has lost his memory. He only knows his name. He doesn't know anything else!"

Hu Fei said.

"Lost his memory?"

The old man pondered, "If it were our fox vein god Clan..."

"Oh?"

Hearing his father's words, Hu Fei slightly raised his eyebrows!

"Logically speaking, a hero saves a beauty, and a beauty gives her body to him!"

"Then, if a beauty saves a hero, it should be the same!"

He mumbled.

However, when the people of the fox vein God clan heard his words, they were stunned and speechless.

"She is worthy of our Little Yan!"

The old man nodded his head slowly.

The rest of the people listened quietly at the side and did not dare to speak!

"Wang Xian, these two healing pills should be much better after you take them!"

In the courtyard at the foot of the mountain, Hu Yan 'er walked over with two pills and handed them to him as she said with a smile.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian didn't reject her. He stretched out his hand and took them!

"How are you so powerful? Gu Shaotian is so strong, yet he doesn't dare to attack you. He's at the peak of the demigod level. He's much stronger than me!"

"How do you cultivate? You're Only a few years older than me, yet you've reached the peak of the demigod level. I'm only at the first level of the demigod level now!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at him with some envy.

"Don't you have the bloodline of the Divine Fox? Is it very difficult to cultivate?"

Wang Xian looked at her and asked curiously.

"Our bloodline is very thin. The difficulty of cultivation is about the same as that of an ordinary person!"

"How do you cultivate? What attributes do you have? Can you teach me?"

"If I want to be strong, I will beat Princess Tian ran to the ground if she provokes me today!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at him and asked repeatedly. She clenched her fists slightly.

She had a long white tail with three lines on her cheeks!

Her every action was charming. Her perfect figure of 1.6 meters was eye-catching!

It was no wonder Hu Fei said that his daughter's looks were incomparable!

"If it's wood attribute, I can give you some pointers!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said faintly.

"You are also of the wood attribute? Our family has the method to condense dharma idol and the records of our comprehension. However, it is very troublesome to fully comprehend it!"

"I'm very stupid. My Brother is already at the level of a demigod. The gap between us is too big!"

Hu Yan 'er's eyes lit up as she pouted!

"I have a method that can help you improve quickly. However, you can't tell anyone!"

Wang Xian smiled at her.

"Really? I, Hu Yan 'er, swear that I will never tell anyone!"

Hu Yan 'er immediately came over and raised her palm in excitement!

"Miss!"

"Son-in-law!"

At this moment, the woman's voice came from outside.

"Huh?"

"Huh?"

Hu Yan 'er was slightly stunned. Wang Xian looked at the woman in astonishment as well!

"Miss, master said that the environment here is not good. He wants my son-in-law to move into the courtyard next to miss!"

The woman didn't seem to notice their expressions. She walked over and said with a smile.

"Aunt Qin, he... He isn't... he was saved by me..."

Hu Yan Er's face turned red when she heard the woman's words. She quickly explained.

"AH? What's wrong, Miss? Master said that he wants me to move my son-in-law to another place to Live!"

"I've also heard about what happened just now. I didn't expect my son-in-law to be so powerful. Hehe, good, good!"

The woman said to Wang Xian with a smile on her face.

"This... didn't my father say that it was just..."

In an instant, Hu Yan 'er's face turned even redder.

"You... Wang Xian, don't misunderstand. It should be my father's mistake!"

She was a little restrained and nervous and didn't know how to explain herself.

"I know. Your father has already said that he would need me to cooperate for a period of time!"

Wang Xian smiled and didn't think too much about it!

"Hehe, son-in-law, just come over with this old lady. There's everything there. You Don't have to move anything!"

The old lady gestured to Wang Xian!

"It's better to live in the courtyard next to me. It's also much more convenient for you to teach me how to cultivate!"

Hu Yan er bit her lips and suppressed the shyness in her heart as she spoke to him.

"HMM, I don't mind. I can live anywhere!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Let's go, son-in-law and Miss!"

The old lady said with a smile.

"Auntie Qin, don't... Don't call me son-in-law in the future!"

"No, no, the old master has instructed me not to call you son-in-law!"

"My Father..."

Hu Yan 'er stomped her feet and walked at the front.

Wang Xian followed behind her and smiled as he scanned his surroundings.

The Huwen Celestial race was huge. They occupied dozens of mountain peaks and each mountain peak was planted with all kinds of flowers and plants!

This had a lot to do with the Huwen Celestial race's cultivation of the wood attribute!

He followed the woman to the center of a mountain peak. There were a few courtyards halfway up the mountain!

"Son-in-law, this is it. From now on, this old woman will be in charge of your daily life!"

"Just tell this old woman if there's anything!"

After entering the courtyard, there was a rockery inside. It was more than ten times the size of the rockery at the foot of the mountain.

"Sorry for the trouble!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. At this moment, he realized that Hu Yan 'er had already run away. He didn't know what to do!

Wang Xian strolled around the courtyard and nodded his head in satisfaction.

He came to a pavilion in the courtyard. He took out a cup of tea from the mother nest and brewed a cup himself!