Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2172: At the peak of 2172

The smoke of the tea was rising and the fragrance was pleasant!

Wang Xian sat in the pavilion and sipped his tea. The tea entered his stomach and turned into dragon energy to nourish his entire body.

"Huff! Huff!"

"My father only asked him to act as a temporary assistant. I Can't let my imagination run wild!"

"To cultivate. I came to look for him just to cultivate. That's right!"

Outside the courtyard, Hu Yan er patted her little face. She took a deep breath and walked in!

"Wang Xian, do you have time? You promised to teach me how to cultivate!"

Hu Yan 'er walked over and shouted towards the inside.

"HMM, come over and have a seat first!"

Wang Xian waved at her.

"Are you drinking tea? The fruit wine of our Huwen Celestial race is very delicious. I'll bring you some later!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at Wang Xian who was sitting there enjoying his tea. She smiled and walked over to sit at the side!

"Have a cup!"

Wang Xian took out the teapot and poured her a cup.

"No, no, I don't like tea. How are your injuries?"

Hu Yan 'er looked at him and asked with concern.

"It will take some time for you to fully recover. Drinking this cup of tea will be very beneficial to your cultivation!"

Wang Xian placed the tea beside Hu Yan 'er.

"Spirit Tea?"

Hu Yan er took the tea curiously and looked inside.

However, she did not sense the spiritual energy inside.

She took a sip in confusion. Instantly, a faint fragrance of tea entered her mouth and spread throughout her body.

She felt as though she was immersed in a dense wood attribute energy.

"What is this?"

A shocked expression appeared on her face.

"Focus on cultivating and comprehending!"

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er and said.

Hu Yan 'er nodded her head heavily and closed her eyes hurriedly!

Buzz

In less than a minute, an aura of a breakthrough was emitted from his body.

Wang Xian smiled faintly and took a sip of the tea!

The tea was personally planted by the god of divine leaves. In the entire eternal divine leaves, only the god of divine leaves was qualified to drink it!

The tea he had was given to him by Hua'er and Cai'er, who had taken it from their father!

The value of the tea was self-evident. For a demigod-level wood-attributed cultivator to consume it, it was far superior to ordinary divine pills and miraculous medicines!

It was not difficult for Hu Yan 'er to directly gain enlightenment and increase her level!

"Buzz!"

Another five minutes passed, and Hu Yan 'er's strength broke through again. It only took six minutes for her to advance from demigod-level rank one to demigod-level rank three.

"Huff! Huff!"

Ten minutes later, Hu Yan 'er opened her eyes. Her entire body was exuding a strong vitality.

Her small face was flushed red and filled with excitement.

"Unbelievable, I... I actually advanced by two levels. Oh My God, what kind of tea is this? It actually has such a terrifying effect!"

Hu Yan 'er exclaimed at Wang Xian.

Her eyes lit up. She drank all the remaining tea on the table and immediately sat down cross-legged!

However, this time, her cultivation did not improve.

Even so, Hu Yan 'er stood up excitedly.

"Amazing, amazing. I'm now at the third level of the demigod level!"

"Wang Xian, thank you!"

She was jumping up and down as she said that. The tail behind her raised up as if she was very happy!

"The cultivation hasn't started yet!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said faintly.

"AH? It hasn't started yet? This... This is already very impressive!"

Hu Yan 'er was filled with shock as she stared at him with widened eyes!

"Sit here with your legs crossed!"

Wang Xian gestured to a seat at the side!

"Oh Oh, okay, okay!"

Hu Yan 'er obediently sat cross-legged at the side.

Wang Xian placed his arm on her shoulder and Hu Yan 'er's body trembled!

"Focus!"

He said faintly. Following that, the aura of the ancestral tree and the majestic wood attribute enveloped her.

In an instant, all kinds of blessings came to her heart and mind. The majestic wood attribute energy entered her body, causing the aura in her body to increase continuously!

"Eh? What is this? What a mysterious aura. This kid has many secrets in his body!"

At this moment, the elder who was in the incipient saint wings behind Wang Xian sensed the aura coming from Wang Xian's body and widened his eyes.

"No, no, I must think of a way to make this kid acknowledge me as his Master!"

"But this kid is more cunning. He is not easy to fool. Furthermore, he has seven attributes and is blessed with great opportunities. I don't seem to be very attractive to him!"

The old man kept mumbling and scratching his head.

"WA, WA, WA, I've broken through. I've broken through again!"

Half an hour later, Hu Yan 'er's excited voice sounded.

Wang Xian retracted his palm and exhaled!

"Alright, that's all for today's cultivation. From now on, I'll help you cultivate for an hour every day. I'm going to recover from the injuries in my body!"

Wang Xian looked at her with a smile and said with a smile!

"Brother Wang Xian, you are simply too amazing. You are even more amazing than my father and grandfather. In less than an hour, I have already reached demigod level four!"

"Princess Tian ran is only at demigod level five. At this speed, I will be able to catch up to her very soon!"

Hu Yan 'er could not help but hold onto Wang Xian's arm and shook it excitedly!

"Demigod level five. If nothing goes wrong, I will be able to reach it tomorrow. I need to cultivate to recover from my injuries!"

Wang Xian said to her.

"You also need to cultivate, right? Then, you should cultivate. I Won't Disturb You!"

Hu Yan 'er let go of Wang Xian's arm and retreated to the side. She could not help but say happily.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and immediately sat cross-legged at the side. He began to recover from his internal injuries!

Hu Yan 'er saw Wang Xian entering a meditative state directly. She pouted and sat on the table at the side!

She supported her chin with both hands and looked at Wang Xian with a silly smile.

She didn't know whether she was laughing at her breakthrough or what she was laughing at!

Time passed slowly. Wang Xian stayed in the courtyard every day to recover his strength.

Hu Yan 'er also went to his courtyard every day to drink tea and cultivate!

Every day, after Wang Xian helped her cultivate for an hour, she would lie on the side and watch Wang Xian recover his strength!

"Brother Fei, our girl has been running to Wang Xian's courtyard every day for the past few days. Isn't it a little bad?"

In the courtyard next to Wang Xian's, a woman looked at Hu Fei and said with a frown.

"It's fine, it's fine, Madam. Hehe. Anyway, everyone outside knows that Yan Er has a fiancé. There's nothing bad about it!"

Hu Fei shook his head with a smile!

"But, didn't you say that this is just an Act?"

The woman still felt a little uncomfortable in her heart!

"Madam, let's not get involved in Yan Er's matters. It wouldn't be bad if we can fake it and do it for real. Haha!"

Hu Fei laughed out loud!

He would give his full support to his daughter if she could really find such an outstanding young man!

Moreover, it would be even more perfect if that Wang Xian could marry into the Hu Wen Celestial race! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"If that kid dares to bully our Yan 'er, I won't let him off!"

The woman shook her head and said helplessly.

"Ah Ah, I've broken through again, I've broken through again!"

At this moment, Hu Yan 'er's excited voice sounded from the pavilion in Wang Xian's courtyard!

Today was her tenth day of cultivation with Wang Xian, the peak of the demigod realm!

The peak of the Tenth Day!