Chapter 2173: 2173 fallen Celestial Island

Ten days. In just ten days, Hu Yan 'er's strength had risen to the peak of the demigod realm!

This was something that Hu Yan 'er did not dare to imagine.

However, the truth was that she had reached this stage in just ten days!

"Brother Wang Xian, you are simply too amazing!"

Hu Yan 'er walked behind Wang Xian with a face full of excitement. She stretched out her hand and massaged Wang Xian's shoulder in a familiar manner!

"I'm at the peak of the godly state. With my current strength, I can be ranked in the top ten even if I were to be placed in our clan!"

"If my father and the rest knew about my strength, they would definitely drop their jaws in shock. hehehe, if anyone dares to challenge me in the future, I will also raise my head slightly and stand there. I will be able to scare them to death by releasing my aura. hahaha!"

Hu Yan er narrowed her eyes slightly as her tail kept moving!

When she said this, she couldn't help but laugh!

"Alright, Alright. Don't be so smug. Next, I have to recover from my injuries!"

Wang Xian touched her hand and said with a smile!

"Hehehe!"

Hu Yan er stood behind Wang Xian. When she saw him touching her hand, she lowered her head slightly with a smile on her face.

"Then you should cultivate first. I will bring you some delicious food. I will call for you in an hour!"

As Hu Yan 'er spoke, she wagged her tail and hopped out of the courtyard.

Wang Xian looked at her figure and smiled. Then, he slowly closed his eyes!

"Miss, master asked me to call for you!"

Hu Yan 'er had just walked out of the courtyard when Auntie Qin walked over and spoke to her.

"Oh? What did my father call me for?"

Hu Yan 'er asked in a good mood.

"Miss, the people from the main family are here. It seems like something big has happened!"

The woman replied.

"Oh? The people from the main family are here?"

Hu Yan 'er was slightly taken aback. She immediately walked towards the main peak of the Hu Wen Celestial race.

The Hu Wen Celestial race was a powerful celestial race in the Divine Tiger Dynasty!

The Hu Wen Celestial race on the Hidden Tiger Planet was just a branch of the Hu Wen Celestial race. Their main family was located on the Divine Tiger Planet!

The entire Hu Wen Celestial race had more than twenty God realm experts!

They naturally couldn't neglect the arrival of the people from the main family!

"So many people?"

When Hu Yan 'er arrived at the main peak and saw more than a thousand people gathered in the hall, she was slightly surprised!

She immediately walked over and came to her brother's side!

Her gaze swept over them. There were seven or eight God realm experts and a group of young generation members of the Fox pattern divine race.

Hu Yan 'er even had some impression of these young people. They were all the most outstanding disciples of the current generation of the Fox pattern divine race!

Seeing Hu Yan 'er enter, some people swept a glance over!

"This time, the Fallen Immortal God island group has attracted countless experts and forces in the central star area's western region. As a powerful god lord-level force from a million years ago, it has an incomparably huge treasure inside!"

"Our Fox pattern divine clan has decided to head there to seek opportunities. Your Branch clan will lead the experts and disciples to follow us. Tomorrow, we will head there together with the Divine Tiger, Hidden Tiger Star Divine Dynasty's imperial family and some other forces!"

In front of the Great Hall, an old man stood in the center and said to everyone!

"It's the Great Elder!"

In front, Hu Yan 'er's grandfather immediately nodded and replied.

"This time, the forces heading to the god tomb will reach a terrifying level. All disciples, don't disgrace our fox vein god Clan!"

The great elder nodded and continued.

"Great Elder, you must be tired from the journey. We will take you to a place to rest!"

Hu Yan 'er stayed in the main hall to watch. Not long after, she led the experts and disciples of the main family out.

"Brother, why are there so many people from the main family here?"

"The god Tomb, the Fallen Immortal Island, is at the junction of our Western Region and the central region. They just happened to pass by our planet!"

Hu Yan 'er asked her brother in a low voice. Her brother replied.

"Oh, no wonder!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded.

"Little Zhi Yan 'er, come and receive the senior brothers and sisters from the main family. This time, you will follow them and learn more from them!"

At this moment, their father's voice sounded!

"Yes, Father!"

Hu Zhi hurriedly nodded and walked towards the main family's disciples with a face full of smiles!

"Hello, brothers and sisters. Take care of this little brother!"

Hu Zhi walked over and cupped his hands with a face full of smiles!

"En!"

The group of young men from the main family nodded indifferently with a trace of arrogance on their faces.

"Eh? This is little sister Yan 'er, right? I haven't seen her for more than ten years and she's getting more and more beautiful!"

Suddenly, a young man saw Hu Yan 'er and his eyes lit up as he said with a smile.

"Oh?"

Hu Yan 'er looked at the young man and was slightly stunned before she quickly nodded her head.

She had no impression of the other party!

The young man's words attracted more than two hundred disciples to look at Hu Yan 'er.

When they saw her face, the disciples'eyes sparkled with admiration.

Some of the girls sized her up and felt a little jealous!

"I'll have to trouble senior brother and senior sister to take care of me in the future!"

Hu Yan 'er said politely.

"Hehe, we're all family. What realm has sister Yan 'er cultivated to?"

A young man suddenly asked with a smile in the middle of the group of disciples!

"My sister is a little mischievous. Right now, she's only at the first level of the demigod rank!"

Before Hu Yan 'er could reply, Hu Zhi had already helped her reply!

"The first level of the demigod rank is a little too low. In the future, I can give you some pointers!"

The youth said indifferently.

When the group of youths from the Hu Wen Celestial race heard his words, they gave him a sidelong glance. Some of the girls looked at Hu Yan 'er with envy!

Being beautiful had its benefits!

"Thank you, senior brother!"

Hu Yan 'er smiled and nodded. She didn't say anything else!

Hu Zhi and Hu Yan 'er led the way and brought them to the reception peak!

"Sister Hu Yan 'er, we're new here. Take us around!"

The young man in the center looked at the courtyard in front of them and said to Hu Yan 'er!

"I'm sorry, I still have some things to do. Big Brother, take senior brothers and sisters to have a look around!"

Hu Yan 'er shook her head apologetically. She looked at the time and hurriedly walked over!

"Hehe, senior brothers and sisters, if you want to have a look around, I can take you there!"

Hu Zhi hurriedly said!

"There's no need!"

The youth said coldly, turning around and walking towards the courtyard!

"Haha, how interesting. Our great young master Hu Dongyang was actually rejected!"

A youth laughed loudly at the youth in the middle.

"HMPH, shut up!"

"TSK TSK, there are times when our great young master Hu Dongyang misses. It's really rare!"

Hu Zhi, who was standing at the back, heard their words and shook his head.

He knew the attraction of his younger sister. Such a situation was normal! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"However, I'm afraid that my brother-in-law is going to be unlucky. I don't know if he can withstand it with his strength!"

Hu Zhi muttered as he looked in the direction of his younger sister and smiled bitterly!