Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2174: 2174 life-killing Sword 1

"Brother Wang Xian, brother Wang Xian!"

In Wang Xian's courtyard, Hu Yan 'er ran in and shouted loudly.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian, who was recovering from his injuries, opened his eyes and looked at her.

"What's wrong? Is There Something Wrong?"

Wang Xian asked with a smile when he saw her running over.

"There's something big. I'm afraid I'll have to follow my family and the main family to the Divine Tomb of the Fallen Immortal Island Tomorrow!"

"Are you coming with Me Tomorrow?"

Her sparkling eyes stared at Wang Xian with a hopeful look on her face.

"The Fallen Immortal Island? The Divine Tomb?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly!

"I'm not too sure either. I only know that it seems to be the divine tomb of a master god-level powerhouse from a million years ago. This time, many powerhouses from the main family of the fox pattern celestial race and the central star field of the Western Region will be going!"

"A master god-level divine kingdom is extremely attractive to many factions. Do you want to go? Who knows, we might be able to obtain the Master God's inheritance. Hehe!"

Hu Yan 'er narrowed her eyes slightly, revealing a pair of sharp, fox-like teeth!

"The tomb of the gods? Go. I'll go with You Tomorrow!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. He was originally going to the tomb of the gods!

However, he did not expect that after more than a month, the god's tomb had already been obtained by the people of the world!

He wondered if ao Jian had any gains in there!

"That's great. I'll inform Father Later!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded happily!

"Are we setting off tomorrow?"

Wang Xian stood up and asked her.

"Yes, we'll set off early tomorrow morning. I reckon most of the powerhouses and disciples of the Hidden Tiger Planet will be there!"

Hu Yan er nodded her head!

"Your strength has improved very quickly now. However, your combat experience has not improved. I will teach you some offensive techniques later!"

Wang Xian said to her.

"Thank you, brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan er nodded her head happily.

"Wood attribute, control, entanglement, penetration..."

Wang Xian explained some offensive techniques of the wood attribute to her.

Hu Yan 'er listened and learned with a face full of admiration!

A few hours later, she went out to look for her parents and brought some food. Then, she started to seek advice from Wang Xian.

After a sleepless night, when the sun rose the next day, Hu Yan 'er pulled Wang Xian and walked towards the location below.

When they arrived at the entrance of the Huwen Celestial race, Wang Xian saw nearly two thousand people standing there!

"Father!"!

Hu Yan 'er, who was pulling Wang Xian, called out to her father!

"Let's go to your brother's Place!"

Seeing Wang Xian beside Hu Yan 'er, Hu Fei squinted her eyes slightly and said with a smile on her face.

"Let's go, brother Wang Xian, let's Go!"

She pulled Wang Xian and walked towards the group of disciples!

"Sister!"

"Sister Hu Yan 'er!"

Some of the disciples from the branch families greeted Hu Yan 'er as they looked at Wang Xian curiously.

They had also heard about Hu Yan 'er's fiancé in the past few days.

It was not just them. The news had spread throughout the entire hidden Tiger Planet!

Standing there without making a move, he was able to make Gu Shaotian tremble on the ground. His strength was at the peak of the demigod realm!

He was indeed worthy of Hu Yan 'er!

While they were sizing up Wang Xian, Wang Xian was also sizing up the people around him!

The number of members and disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race might not be that many due to their bloodline.

There were only over a thousand disciples in the entire sub-clan of the Hidden Tiger Planet. This time, there were only over a hundred people following them!

"Who is that?"

At the back, a group of young men from the main clan of the Hu Wen Celestial race saw Hu Yan 'er walking over. They were holding onto a young man with a happy look on their faces. They were slightly stunned.

"Hu Dongyang, I think he's already taken. Hehe!"

A slightly plump young man teased the incomparably handsome Hu Dongyang.

"Shut up!"

Hu Dongyang's gaze swept across the Fatty and his expression turned a little ugly.

He walked straight towards Hu Yan er and Wang Xian!

Narrowing his eyes slightly, he locked onto Wang Xian who was beside Hu Yan Er. The corners of his cold mouth curled up slightly.

He didn't go there for other reasons. He just didn't like him and wanted to teach him a lesson. He wanted to embarrass him!

"There's a good show to watch!"

The slightly plump young man looked at him as he walked over and teased him.

The surrounding disciples of the fox-patterned celestial race looked over. There were more than a dozen of them following behind Hu Dongyang!

"Hu Dongyang and the rest are here!"

"Hu Dongyang is the most outstanding disciple of our entire generation of the fox-patterned celestial race. His strength is at the peak of the Half-body Stage!"

"Peak of the half-god stage. How enviable. is he going to get to know Wang Xian?"

"I think so. After all, sister Hu Yan Er's fiancé is also at the peak of the half-god stage. It's only natural for powerhouses to get to know each other!"

Everyone whispered when they saw Hu Dongyang and the rest walking over with their heads slightly raised.

"Huh?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

However, their voices were clearly heard by Hu Dongyang and the rest.

When they heard the words of a peak-stage demigod, they were clearly stunned. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

Even Hu Dongyang's pupils contracted slightly and his body stiffened!

"Senior brother Hu Dongyang, Hello, Senior Brothers. Let me introduce you. This is my sister's fiancé, Wang Xian. He has the strength of a peak-stage demigod!"

When Hu Zhi saw them walking over, he raised his eyebrows and hurriedly introduced them!

When Hu Yan 'er heard her brother's introduction, she used her arm to touch his waist heavily. Her face was slightly red!

"Hehe, I didn't expect to meet such a heaven's favorite on the Hidden Tiger Planet!"

Hu Dongyang's expression changed as he looked at Wang Xian expressionlessly.

Initially, he wanted to embarrass this kid. Now, he could only give up!

He never expected that the other party had the strength of a peak-stage demigod!

"Hello!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly at him.

"Let's go to the teleportation formation!"

At this moment, a voice was heard. The group of powerhouses in front of them flew straight into the sky.

Hu Dongyang flew straight into the sky with a gloomy face!

"Haha, we've Met a tough opponent!"

The chubby young man's teasing voice continued to ring out!

All the disciples of the fox-pattern celestial race looked at Wang Xian, whether intentionally or unintentionally. Their eyes were filled with astonishment!

"You are a femme fatale. I didn't expect your charm to be so great!"

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er and said with a smile!

"Who is the femme fatale? I am the femme fatale!"

Hu Yan 'er pouted in dissatisfaction.

The two of them flew into the sky and followed a group of experts towards the teleportation formation.

The teleportation formation was located in the northern royal city of the Hidden Tiger Planet. It was located in the teleportation square of the northern royal city!

When they arrived, more than ten thousand people had gathered in the square. A group of peak God realm experts was gathered in the center of the square!

"The members of the Fox Mark Divine clan are here. There's a conflict between experts in the array on the other side of the teleportation array. The array is being repaired. It will take a while!"

An old man with a tiger's head embroidered on his chest looked at them from below and said with a smile!

"Then let's wait for a while. We're not in a hurry!"

The great elder of the Hu Wen Celestial race replied and the group flew over!

"It's them!"

However, beside the teleportation formation, a man and a woman were glaring at Wang Xian and Hu Yan 'er with anger!