Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2175: 2175 killing Sword 2

Ten days ago, Gu Shaotian and Princess Tian ran went to the Hu Wen Celestial race to break off the engagement. In the end, they were humiliated and left with their tails between their legs. The news had already spread to the ears of all the major forces and disciples on the Hidden Tiger Planet!

Especially when Gu Shaotian was scared to the ground by Hu Yan Er's fiancé and was trembling, the Hu Wen celestial race spread the news without restraint!

After that, when the disciples of the various forces received the news, their faces were filled with shock.

After that, when Gu Shaotian didn't come forward to defend himself, everyone was basically able to confirm that this matter was completely true!

This caused Gu Shaotian to be utterly humiliated!

Along with that, Princess Tian ran, who was on good terms with Gu Shaotian, was also ridiculed by many people.

They called him a boyfriend who picked up someone else and rejected him!

When they found out about this matter, both of them were filled with anger. They held a deep grudge against Hu Yan 'er and Wang Xian!

Now that they saw Hu Yan 'er and Wang Xian arriving, their expressions turned even uglier!

"Let's wait here!"

At the front, Hu Dongyang said to the disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race.

In the Hu Wen Celestial race, Hu Dongyang was one of the best. Everyone had to obey his words!

The chubby young man would not provoke him for no reason!

In terms of strength, the chubby young man was inferior to Hu Dongyang!

"Huh?"

The group of people landed on the ground. Wang Xian sensed two hostile gazes and looked over. When he saw Gu Shaotian and Princess Tian ran, he gave them a faint smile!

However, when the two of them saw Wang Xian's smile, they looked even more embarrassed. They thought he was provoking them!

"Which one is Hu Yan 'er's fiancé now?"

"It should be the young man with two horns beside Hu Yan 'er!"

"Is he the young man who caused Gu Shaotian to not even dare to make a move and just lay on the ground?"

At this moment, a series of discussions entered their ears. This made Gu Shaotian and Princess Tian ran look even more embarrassed.

"Damnable Fellow!"

Gu Shaotian's gaze turned over as he growled in a low voice with a gloomy and cold expression.

"HMPH, you're not his match, so what's the use of being angry!"

By the side, Princess Tian ran coldly snorted at him with an unsightly expression.

This caused Gu Shaotian's expression to become even more unsightly!

"Tian ran, with his strength at the peak of the demigod realm, none of the younger generation of our entire hidden tiger planet are his match!"

Gu Shaotian lowered his head and said while clenching his fists!

Princess Tian Ran's face was filled with unwillingness!

"Hu Jianming is here. It seems like he will be going this time too!"

"The fierce tiger beside Hu Jianming is simply too handsome!"

At this moment, surprised voices sounded one after another. Many of the surrounding disciples looked over.

It was a burly young man with a strong back and a stocky waist. He seemed to be filled with a powerful aura!

On his forehead, there was the word 'king'. This word was not carved in the later stages, but it was already there.

A tiger's tail swayed behind him. He held a sharp sword in his hand, and his bearing was extraordinary!

"Who is the young man beside him? In order to take care of that young man, Hu Jianming did not even ride on the fierce tiger!"

"So familiar? Broken into a sword! That's right, broken into a sword. It's actually him!"

"He came out of seclusion? A year ago, he became the disciple of the god of killing swords. At that time, even Hu Jianming wasn't able to become his master. He was the only one who succeeded!"

Discussions and shocked voices rang out, attracting the attention of all the surrounding disciples.

Hu Jianming was the most outstanding young disciple of the Hidden Tiger Planet. He was the son of the True Heaven Lord of the Divine Tiger Dynasty and was once the strongest person on the Hidden Tiger Planet!

Duan chengjian could be said to be the second strongest person on the hidden tiger planet. Other than Hu Jianming, he was the strongest!

However, a year ago, Duan Chengjian and Hu Jianming became master of the Life Sword God. Hu Jianming didn't succeed. Instead, Duan Chengjian succeeded!

The previous Duan Chengjian was a level seven demigod. Now, he must be even stronger!

In fact, from Hu Jianming's attitude, he shouldn't be any weaker than him!

"The number one and number two of our hidden tiger planet's young generation. TSK TSK, this aura is something no one can compare to!"

"Especially the broken sword. It's like a sharp sword at this moment, making people not dare to look directly at it!"

Some people sighed as they looked at the two young men walking over.

With four to five thousand disciples looking over, it naturally attracted the attention of the fox pattern divine clan's disciples!

"TSK TSK, the number one and number two person on the hidden tiger planet, how strong can he be? He's at the peak of the demigod rank seven and eight!"

The slightly plump youth looked over and said with slight disdain!

The Fox pattern divine clan's disciples looked over and also faintly smiled.

The disciples of the main clan of the Fox pattern divine clan really didn't think highly of the demigod rank seven and eight. At the very least, many of them were stronger than them!

"How strong? In any case, they're much stronger than you, especially our senior Duan Cheng Jian. He's definitely very strong now!"

However, not far away from him, a girl with pretty good looks heard his words and looked at him.

Seeing a slightly chubby young man with a fat fox tail, she said with some disdain!

"Haha, I'm dying of laughter. Fatty, even some people from the Hidden Tiger Planet Look Down on You!"

Not far away, Hu Dongyang saw this scene and finally found an opportunity as he said mockingly.

Fatty's face turned red as he stared fiercely at the girl.

"Little girl, watch your words, or I'll strip you naked!"

He said fiercely with a face full of anger!

"Damn Fatty, watch your words!"

A youth next to the girl heard his words and shouted at fatty with an ice-cold face!

"Haha!"

When the young man finished speaking, Hu Dongyang, who was behind him, could not help but laugh out loud.

"Kid, I think you're courting death. I Won't argue with women, but that doesn't mean I won't argue with a retard like you!"

Fatty's eyes revealed a fierce expression, and his body flashed, instantly appearing beside the young man.

"Peng!"

His fist instantly landed on the young man's face, causing him to fly backwards!

"AH..."

When the girl saw the young man beside her fly backwards with his face covered in blood, she let out a cry of surprise!

The Girl's Cry of surprise instantly attracted the attention of everyone in the surroundings. The thousands of disciples from various factions looked over, their faces filled with shock!

"Eh?"

In the center, when the experts and gods from various factions heard this voice, their gazes swept over!

"Young and impetuous, Hehe, let those little fellows deal with it themselves!"

The first elder of the fox-patterned divine race looked over and said with a smile.

"Haha, let the Little Kids play around!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The experts from the hidden tiger planet's royal manors didn't mind and smiled!

It was normal for disciples to have conflicts. Moreover, the rules of the Divine Tiger Dynasty forbade fighting!

All the disciples knew clearly that it was not a big deal to suffer a little injury!

"Trash, how Dare You Provoke Me!"

Fatty said with a cold face when he saw the young man flying backward.

"En?"

At the front, Hu Jianming and Duan Chengjian who had just arrived heard the exclamation and looked over.

When he saw the young man lying on the ground, Duan Chengjian raised his eyebrows and immediately walked over!