Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2176: 2176 killing Sword 3

"Who is that person? How can he be so arrogant?"

"He has a fox tail, so of course he is a member of the Fox Mark Celestial race. However, those disciples don't seem to have seen him before. could he be a disciple of the main clan of the Fox Mark Celestial Race?"

"That's possible. He should be a disciple of the Divine Tiger Star's Fox Mark Celestial Race!"

Some people looked over and discussed in low voices.

"Oh? Duan Chengjian and the others have gone over!"

"The ones who were injured are disciples of the star God Academy. Although Duan Chengjian is a disciple of the killing sword God, he is still a student of the star god Academy. Could it be that he wants to stand up for that young man?"

At this moment, when the surrounding people saw Duan chengjian, Hu, and Jian Ming walking over, their faces revealed astonishment!

"Let's go over and greet cousin Jian Ming!"

Princess Tian ran looked over, her eyes sparkling as she spoke to Gu Shao Tian.

As the two spoke, they walked over.

"Senior!"

"Senior Duan!"

"Young Master Hu Jian Ming!"

Duan Cheng Jian and Hu Jian Ming walked over, and some of the surrounding disciples called out respectfully.

"Qing Yuan, are you alright! ?"

Duan Cheng Jian walked over to the young man lying on the ground and frowned as he looked!

"Senior Duan, I..."

Duan Chengjian clearly knew the young man. The young man spat out his teeth! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Clearly, fatty didn't stay behind to guard the place!

"It's a bit heavy!"

Duan Chengjian looked over and said coldly.

"You dare to shout at me? This is already a light punishment!"

When fatty heard his words, he said disdainfully!

"A disciple of the fox vein divine clan's Patriarch?"

Hu Jian Ming's gaze swept over Fatty and the others as he frowned slightly!

"Hu Wei is right. Little Girl, you better watch your words from now on!"

Hu Wei pointed at the girl who had just started talking about him and said coldly.

"I only said that you're inferior to young master Jian Ming and senior Duan Cheng Jian. You..."

The girl looked at Hu Wei and said with a pale face!

"Hehe, then let them compete with me!"

Hu Wei said with a proud face.

He had a faction at the peak of the half-body realm. Although he had just stepped into it a few days ago, he was still at the peak of the half-body realm!

He had the right to be proud. He naturally didn't care about a girl who provoked him!

"No Wonder You're so arrogant. So You're a disciple of the main family of the Hu Wen Celestial race!"

"He has at least the strength of a level nine demigod. It's not something that the disciples on our planet can compare to!"

The surrounding people looked at the proud Hu Wei and discussed in low voices.

The disciples of the main family of the Hu Wen Celestial race could only compare to the divine sons and goddesses of the Divine Tiger Dynasty's Imperial Family!

"It's them who have eyes but don't recognize Mount Tai. This brother, let's just give up now!"

Hu Jianming cupped his hands at Hu Wei and said.

"We are all from the same dynasty. I Can't be bothered to argue with them!"

Hu Wei waved his hand and said magnanimously.

"We can't let this matter go like this!"

Suddenly, the corner of Duan Chengjian's mouth curled up. He stared at Hu Wei and said coldly.

"Oh?"

Hu Wei heard his provocation and raised his brows. Anger appeared on his face!

He slowly narrowed his eyes and looked at Duan chengjian!

"Brother Chengjian, are you confident that the opponent will be the head disciple of the fox vein divine clan?"

Hu Jianming frowned and asked him in a low voice!

"In the path of sword cultivation, the stronger you are, the stronger you will be. If you don't try, how will you know? If the opponent is only at the eighth or ninth rank, then he will only be so-so!"

Duan Chengjian said indifferently, his eyes flashing with strong confidence!

"Oh?"

Hu Jianming was slightly startled, his eyes flickering as he looked at Duan chengjian. "Then brother Chengjian, on behalf of our royal family, you can casually spar!"

"Okay!"

Duan chengjian smiled and nodded, his gaze slowly turning towards Hu Wei as he slightly raised his head!

"After cultivating for more than a year, I can also test my own strength!"

He said indifferently!

He was a member of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, and now he represented the Hidden Tiger Planet's royal family. Even if he faced the Divine Tiger Dynasty's half of the Sky's Hu Wen Celestial race, he wasn't the slightest bit afraid!

Moreover, his master also had powerful strength!

"Haha, Good, good. A small hidden tiger planet. I want to see what kind of sword cultivator exists!"

Hearing his provocation, Hu Wei's face revealed a cold voice!

"Unfortunately, I'm not at the eighth or ninth rank!"

As he spoke slowly, a power that belonged to the peak of the demigod realm was emitted from his body!

"What? Peak of the demigod realm!"

"Hiss, it's actually the strength of a peak of the demigod realm. As expected of the disciple of the main family of the Fox pattern divine clan. So Powerful!"

When everyone sensed the aura from Hu Wei's body, their expressions changed slightly, and one by one, they retreated!

"Hehe, a person from the Hidden Tiger Planet wants to provoke the elite disciples of our Fox pattern divine clan. He's really courting death!"

Some disciples of the Fox pattern divine race sneered when they saw the shocked expressions of the people around them.

"Cousin, is Duan Chengjian a match for that young man from the Fox Pattern Divine Race?"

Princess Tian ran walked to Hu Jianming's side and asked in a low voice.

"I don't know, but Duan Chengjian is already stronger than me!"

Hu Jianming said in a low voice!

"Is that so?"

Princess Tian Ran's face was filled with awe as she looked at Duan Chengjian with sparkling eyes!

"Hehe, peak-stage demigod. That's what makes it interesting!"

"However, I only need three moves to defeat you!"

Duan chengjian stared at Hu Wei and said coldly.

"Clang!"

The sharp sword behind him appeared in his hand, and he stood there like a sharp sword.

The sharp edge was concealed, and one could not see his actual body clearly!

"Haha, three moves to defeat me? With just you?"

Hu Wei laughed coldly, and a magical little tree appeared in his hand. His palm dragged the little tree, and he stared coldly at the Broken Sword!

The little tree emitted a resplendent green light, and its branches swayed!

"First sword!"

"Charge!"

The broken sword did not hesitate at all, and the longsword in his hand directly stabbed towards Hu Wei!

"Hmph, wait a moment, I'll make you kneel here!"

Hu Wei's palm shook, and the branches directly coiled towards the sharp sword.

"Second sword, Return!"

The first sword had just been released, and Duan Chengjian once again lightly shouted!

Behind Hu Wei, a returning sword appeared out of thin air and attacked him!

"Eh?"

He was slightly startled, but the small tree branches grew crazily and surrounded him!

Swish! Swish! Swish

At this moment, the killing swords had already arrived. The tree branches welcomed them one by one!

However, what shocked Linghu Wei and the Fox Mark Divine race was that the tree branches were directly cut off!

Hu Wei's expression changed slightly. Countless tree branches gathered together and attacked the two sharp swords like venomous snakes!

"Ten Thousand Swords!"

At this moment, the cold voice of the broken sword rang out again. Tens of thousands of sharp swords hovered in the air around Hu Wei!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Half of the sharp swords were heading straight for Hu Wei.

"Oh no!"

Hu Wei's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene!

"So Powerful!"

Everyone around him was shocked when they saw Wang Xian's attack!

Bang! Bang! Bang

The sharp swords landed on the branches and quickly sliced them apart!

"I've lost!"

Hu Wei, who had a hint of a humiliated voice, growled in a low voice with an embarrassed expression!