Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2177: 2177 killing Sword 4

"Hu Wei actually lost. How... How is this possible? They are just a disciple of the Hidden Tiger Planet!"

"The third move wasn't fully unleashed. He only used one-third of it before he was defeated. This swordsman is so strong!"

When the fox vein divine race disciples saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly. They were all shocked.

Around them, the disciples of the Hidden Tiger Planet looked at the Broken Sword in shock!

"As expected of the killing sword God's disciple. He's so strong!"

"Hiss, in just a year, the broken sword has followed the killing sword God to such a realm!"

All the disciples looked at the Broken Sword in awe!

Even Hu Jianming's pupils constricted slightly. His eyes were filled with shock.

He only knew that the broken sword was very strong, but it was not that strong!

"What a sharp sword, what a killing sword!"

Seeing this scene, Hu Dongyang's face was filled with a solemn expression.

To be able to defeat Hu Wei in just two and a half moves, even he himself could not do it.

Facing those densely packed sharp swords, he had to consider whether he could receive them!

"With such strength, it's possible for him to even contend against those two guys from the Imperial Family!"

Hu Dongyang muttered.

When the Hu Wen Celestial race's disciples heard his evaluation, their expressions became even more shocked!

Contend against the most outstanding disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty?

This swordsman was so strong?

"Although my swordsmanship isn't one percent of master's, defeating You Is Enough!"

"Although the hidden tiger planet isn't the main planet of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, it's not a place where you can be impudent!"

Duan chengjian stared at Hu Wei arrogantly and said coldly!

Hu Wei's expression kept changing when he heard Duan Chengjian's rebuke. He was extremely embarrassed!

"He's actually so strong!"

At the back, Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian were shocked when they saw how strong Duan Chengjian was.

Princess Tian ran's eyes sparkled and she looked hesitant!

"Cousin!"

She called out to Hu Jian Ming beside her in a low voice.

"Eh? Tian ran?"

Hu Jian Ming heard her and looked over in confusion!

"Cousin, can you get Duan Cheng Jian to help me take revenge on someone!"

She bit her lips and said in a low voice.

"Oh?"

Hu Jianming raised his eyebrows, looked at her and then looked at Gu Shaotian!

"Cousin, this is a small token of my appreciation!"

Gu Shaotian gritted his teeth and took out a treasure from his interspatial ring and handed it over!

Hu Jianming looked over and his face was full of smiles. He slowly nodded his head!

He had also heard about his cousin and Gu Shaotian in the past two days!

He walked over to Duan Chengjian who was standing proudly in the middle and said a few words in a low voice!

"Oh? Since brother Jian Ming has spoken, it's just a small matter!"

Duan Chengjian looked at Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian's positions and nodded indifferently.

Princess Tian ran saw that he had agreed and revealed an excited expression. A trace of malevolence flashed across her face and she immediately walked towards Duan Chengjian!

"Brother Chengjian, I hope that you will teach him a good lesson and make him lose face in front of everyone!"

Princess Tian ran walked over and said!

"It's a small matter!"

Duan Chengjian nodded!

Although he was very strong now, his background wasn't very deep in the past and he wanted to make friends with some influential people.

The entire hidden tiger planet was under the control of Princess Tian ran's father and tiger sword Ming's father. Making friends with them and helping them deal with some people was just a small matter!

"What are they doing?"

Some people saw Princess Tian ran, Gu Shaotian, and the rest walking to Duan Chengjian's side and whispering to each other. Their eyes flickered as they thought of something!

"Someone humiliated brother Gu Shaotian and Princess Tian ran ten days ago. Can you give them an explanation today?"

Duan Chengjian suddenly opened his mouth and spoke slowly. His gaze shifted to the back of the Hu Wen Celestial race!

"Huh?"

When they looked over, Wang Xian and Hu Yan 'er frowned slightly!

"Not good. Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian want revenge!"

Hu Zhi's expression changed slightly when he saw Duan Chengjian looking over. He growled at Wang Xian and the rest in a low voice!

"HMPH, we didn't humiliate them ten days ago. They were just asking for it!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at Duan chengjian and snorted. Then, she looked at Princess Tian ran and the others!

"Do you think you can find someone just because you can't get the situation back? I really look down on you!"

She continued coldly!

"These few days, your fox-vein race spread rumors about us. Do you really think that I won't do anything to You?"

Princess Tian ran stared at Hu Yan 'er coldly!

"You should know the truth in your hearts!"

Hu Yan 'er said coldly!

"Alright, no matter what, you will have to pay a price for spreading rumors. I heard that you are also at the peak of the demigod level. I would like to challenge you!"

"Let's spar with each other. We won't be cowards, right?"

Duan Chengjian interrupted them. He held his sword lazily and crossed his arms. He raised his head slightly and taunted Wang Xian.

Even though he knew that he had the strength of a peak-stage demigod, he didn't take it to heart.

He now had the strength of a peak-stage demigod. He believed that he was undefeatable by relying on his swordsmanship!

Even if he were to meet the divine son of the Divine Tiger Dynasty's royal family, he wouldn't be afraid at all!

"This..."

When the people around saw this scene, their eyes flickered.

Who could tell that Princess Tian ran and the rest wanted revenge!

It all depended on whether Hu Yan 'er and the rest would respond or Not!

Even if they didn't respond, there wasn't much of a problem. They just wanted Princess Tian ran and the rest to mock them!

This was purely to disgust them!

"Don't agree. That broken sword is a little strong. Even if we don't accept the challenge, it's fine!"

Hu Zhi whispered to Hu Yan 'er and Wang Xian!

"Why don't you accept the challenge?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Hu Yan er raised her head slightly and spoke loudly!

She looked at Wang Xian with a look of eagerness in her eyes.

She had seen the attack from broken sword earlier. She was confident that she could withstand it!

"Do you want to accept the challenge? This is interesting. I would like to see who is the strongest person among the younger generation of our Hidden Tiger Planet!"

"It should be Duan chengjian. His strength is too terrifying. From this, it can be seen that the killing sword God's strength is also very terrifying!"

Some people were discussing. They were hoping that Wang Xian would fight with Duan chengjian!

Hu Dongyang and the rest of the Hu Wen Celestial race also looked at Wang Xian's position. Their eyes were sparkling!

"Go, believe in yourself!"

However, at this moment, a scene that shocked everyone appeared!

Hu Yan 'er's fiancé suddenly patted Hu Yan 'er and said with a smile.

Upon seeing this scene, everyone was a little dumbfounded!

This... What? Let Hu Yan 'er go on stage? What kind of joke was this?

"Yes, yes!"

Hu Yan 'er's face was filled with excitement. Ever since her cultivation had risen to the peak of the demigod realm, she had not displayed her strength.

Even her father did not know her current strength.

Today, she was able to amaze everyone!

"Brother Wang Xian, you don't have the strength to challenge me. Let Me Challenge You!"

As she spoke, she held a staff in her hand and walked forward!