Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2178: 2178 Dragon King’s respect for the heartless sword principle

"This... younger sister, you... What are you doing?"

Seeing Hu Yan 'er come to the center of the scene, Hu Zhi was slightly stunned and looked at his younger sister with a stutter! !

Everyone around also looked at her in astonishment!

"Is Hu Yan 'er here to make a joke? She seems to only have the strength of a first level demigod?"

Some of the disciples who knew Hu Yan 'er looked at her in astonishment.

Was this a joke?

The disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race frowned slightly!

"You're going on stage? Hu Yan 'er, are you here to make a joke? Why don't I spar with you?"

Princess Tian ran stared at Hu Yan 'er and said disdainfully.

"Sure, but the current you is no longer qualified!"

Hu Yan 'er raised her head happily and raised the wooden staff in her hand!

"Whoosh!"

She waved her arm and a sharp wooden spike directly attacked Princess Tian ran!

"Hu Yan 'er, you're looking for humiliation!"

Princess Tian Ran's face turned cold and she was ready to fight back!

"Huh?"

However, before he could make a move, broken sword, who was standing in the middle, had a slight change in expression. The long sword in his hand directly blocked the wooden spear!

"Bang!"

A collision sound was heard. The sharp sword in Duan Chengjian's hand swayed.

"Peak of the demigod rank!"

His face revealed a solemn and shocked expression. He couldn't help but Exclaim!

"What?"

When everyone around heard Duan Chengjian's words, their faces revealed a shocked expression.

Especially Princess Tian ran, Gu Shaotian, and the others. Their faces were filled with disbelief!

"How is this possible? She is clearly at the first level of the demigod level. How can she be at the peak of the demigod level!"

Princess Tian ran could not help but exclaim!

"This, this..."

Even Hu Zhi looked at his sister in disbelief.

He was almost certain that half a month ago, his sister was still at the first level of the demigod level. How could she be at the peak of the demigod level!

He looked at Wang Xian who was beside him abruptly and his expression changed drastically!

If his sister had reached the peak of the demigod realm, it must be because of him!

However... Was it possible to raise her to the peak of the demigod realm in such a short period of time?

"Peak of the demigod realm?"

The disciples of the main clan of the fox-striped God clan were also shocked.

Out of the tens of thousands of disciples in their main clan, only two of them had reached the peak of the demigod realm. However, there were two peak of the demigod realm in this branch clan. This...

"You do have the qualifications to make me fight. However, similarly, I will defeat you in three moves!"

Duan chengjian stared coldly at Hu Yan 'er as his longsword slowly pointed at her!

"HMPH, if it was just those three moves, it might not be enough!"

Hu Yan 'er raised her head with confidence!

"Is that so?"

Duan Chengjian narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Charge and kill!"

"Return!"

The long sword in his hand stabbed forward. At the same time, the long sword in his hand shook and directly floated in the air above him!

He used two moves at once!

"Move flowers to connect wood, a hundred flowers bloom!"

Hu Yan 'er raised the staff in her hand, and branches and flowers bloomed around her!

The flowers emitted a magical fragrance and directly attacked Duan chengjian!

The beauty was filled with killing intent!

At the same time, two resplendent wooden spears met the two returning swords!

"Bang Bang!"

The wooden spears collided with the sharp swords, and the wooden spears directly split apart!

The sharp swords directly pierced through the wooden spears!

However, at this moment, thorns began to twine around the wooden spears!

"What terrifying control!"

When Hu Dongyang saw Hu Yan 'er's move, his face revealed a shocked expression!

"He blocked it. Duan Chengjian's two moves were blocked!"

When the surrounding people saw this scene, they were also slightly shocked. They were somewhat shocked by Hu Yan 'er's strength!

"Ten Thousand Swords!"

Duan Chengjian's expression also changed slightly as he let out a low roar!

Tens of thousands of sharp swords appeared in the sky and instantly attacked Hu Yan 'er.

However, at this moment, flower petals had already attacked Duan chengjian!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The flower petals collided with the sharp swords, making a noise that sounded like metal colliding

The flower petals were cut into pieces, floating toward the Broken Sword!

"Buzz!"

When the flower petals were scattered around the broken sword, the Fox Mark God clan's special talent, charm, took effect!

The Broken Sword's face stiffened, and the sharp swords in the air paused!

"Bloom!"

Hu Yan 'er grabbed the flower petals and let out a soft shout. Each flower was emitting a dark green light, and each flower had a needle on it!

The flower petals spun and covered the broken sword!

"SH * t!"

When the broken sword reacted, the flower petals had already covered the broken sword!

His face changed slightly, and he quickly retreated!

"Heartless sword!"

He roared and countless rays of golden light shot out from his body. The golden light instantly shot out.

Rays of golden light shot towards the petals that surrounded him!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

The petals were chopped into pieces!

"Pierce!"

However, at this moment, Hu Yan 'er let out a soft cry and the sharp thorns on the petals shot out!

"Ah!"

His expression changed slightly and his face was instantly covered by the sharp thorns. Although his injuries were not serious, it made his expression extremely ugly!

"You're courting death!"

Ice-cold killing intent shot out from his body. He slowly raised his arms and pressed his palms together in the air. His entire person was like a sharp sword!

"Hiss, Hu Yan 'er actually injured the broken sword. How Powerful!"

When the surrounding people saw the furious roar of the Broken Sword, their faces revealed a shocked expression.

Hu Yan 'er actually had the upper hand. All of this caused them to be in a daze!

Behind them, Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian's bodies were slightly trembling!

Hu Yan 'er actually had the strength of a peak-stage demigod!

She actually had the upper hand!

But even if they didn't have the upper hand, Hu Yan 'er and the others were already in an undefeatable position!

Two peak-stage demigods. What could the two of them compare with?

Background? But talent and strength were more important!

"Eh? What's going on? The battle over there is very intense. The aura of a peak-stage demigod?"

At this moment, at the center of the teleportation array, the experts from the various major factions who were talking sensed the violent energy here and were slightly stunned!

The two princes of the hidden tiger planet and the god-level experts of the fox pattern divine race looked over and slightly frowned!

"Let's go over and take a look. What are you guys doing?"

One of the princes frowned and walked towards the place where the battle was taking place!

"This sword technique of Duan Cheng Jian is somewhat familiar. Is He from the inherited Dragon Guard? His talent is pretty good!"

Wang Xian looked at the battle and thought to himself.

The sword technique of Duan Cheng Jian was somewhat familiar, especially this move that he was using now. It should have come from the dragon guard of the Golden Swordfish!

Of course, Hu Yan 'er would not lose. Even though her strength had improved a little too quickly, with his guidance and the assistance of the ancestral tree's energy, it would be difficult for anyone to defeat her in the same level!

"I won!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and said calmly!

"The messy flowers are becoming more and more mesmerizing. Hehe, you lost!"

At this moment, Hu Yan 'er's joyful laughter rang out!

In the middle, just as broken sword broke through the countless petals, he could feel the sharpness coming from behind him.

That was the wood element's penetrating power!

Blossoming chaos bewitching eyes!

She had already arrived behind him!

Broken Sword, whose face was covered in blood from the sharp thorns, had a ferocious expression on his face. He could not believe it!

He could not believe that he would actually lose!

He had yet to unleash his body transformation divine sword!

"She won! Hu Yan 'er actually won!"

Everyone around widened their eyes slightly. Their faces were filled with shock!

Hu Yan 'er raised her head slightly and withdrew the wooden spear in her hand. She looked at Wang Xian as if she wanted to claim credit for herself! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"I have not lost yet!"

All of a sudden, Duan Chengjian, who had transformed into a sword, let out a ferocious roar.

He turned around unwillingly and attacked Hu Yan 'er with his body as a sword!

"Ah!"

Hu Yan 'er was stunned when she saw him suddenly turning around to attack!

"Damn it!"

Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly when he saw this scene!