Chapter 2179: 2179 Dragon King’s respect for the heartless sword principle

Hidden Tiger Planet's teleportation array square!

Hu Yan 'er stood behind Duan Chengjian. She thought that she had already won, but she did not have the slightest bit of defense!

She never thought that Duan Chengjian would suddenly attack!

She, who did not have much battle experience, was momentarily stunned!

She did not even know how to resist!

The surrounding people did not expect Duan Chengjian to suddenly turn around and continue his attack!

The expressions of the disciples changed slightly!

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly. His eyes were filled with a violent killing intent. However, his current combat strength had only recovered to about two wisps of divine fire!

At this close distance, he was already too late!

"Stop!"

However, at this moment, the expressions of the gods who were rushing over changed slightly when they saw this scene.

The first elder of the Fox pattern divine race waved his arm, and a wooden shield instantly appeared in front of Hu Yan 'er!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

However, although the first elder of the Fox pattern divine race had already ignited seven wisps of divine fire, the defense that he hastily released wasn't very strong. It had only reached the peak of the demigod realm!

The move of the broken sword had an incomparably terrifying destructive power. Its defense was extremely urgent, and a powerful force landed on Hu Yan 'er's body.

"Bang!"

In an instant, Hu Yan 'er spat out blood.

"Yan 'er!"

Wang Xian moved his body and was about to fly over. However, Hu Fei, who was closer to her, went over with a pained expression and hugged her daughter!

"I'm fine, I'm fine. Luckily, I'm Fine!"

Hu Fei took a look at her daughter's injuries and heaved a heavy sigh of relief!

"Damn it!"

Wang Xian looked over and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Hu Yan 'er was fine.

However, at the next moment, Wang Xian moved his body and a gray longsword pierced through the broken sword!

"Brother Chengjian, be careful!"

The sudden change caused everyone's expression to change!

"This bunch of brats!"

At the position of the gods, an old man's expression changed slightly as anger appeared on his face!

He pushed his palm forward and a flaming palm attacked the gray longsword released by Wang Xian!

"Bang!"

"What!"

The flaming palm landed on the longsword. However, what shocked the old man was that!

His attack did not completely block the longsword!

"Not good!"

At this moment, Duan Chengjian's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene. He hurriedly dodged to the side!

However, Wang Xian's full-strength attack, which was filled with anger, was still not something he could completely dodge even though most of his strength had been reduced!

"Ah!"

A scream came out from the mouth of the broken sword. Everyone looked over and saw that the arm that was connected to the broken sword was directly cut off and fell to the ground!

Everyone's expression changed when they saw this scene!

"Stop!"

At this moment, an angry shout was heard. The old man with a tiger's head embroidered on his costume immediately stood in front of the broken sword and immediately took both of his arms and attached them to it!

He frowned and glanced at Wang Xian. His face was filled with displeasure!

"Hiss!"

When everyone around saw this scene, they couldn't help but take a deep breath!

They never expected that Wang Xian would actually dare to kill him directly!

Moreover, he even chopped off Duan Chengjian's arms directly!

"You... you actually chopped off my arms!"

Duan Chengjian's face was filled with cold sweat. He roared at Wang Xian with a ferocious and furious expression!

"Not only do I want to chop off your arm, I also want to kill you!"

Wang Xian said coldly as he walked straight towards him!

"Stop! How dare you! Don't you remember the rules of the Divine Tiger Dynasty? Do you want me to tell you?"

The old man standing beside Duan Chengjian looked a little embarrassed as he shouted sternly!

"You should have seen clearly what happened just now. There's no need to judge who's right and who's wrong. Since he wants to fight, I'll play with him!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and said calmly!

"This matter really needs to be explained to us Hu Wen Celestial race disciples!"

Hu Yan 'er's grandfather walked over with a cold expression. They had already witnessed the scene just now!

When he saw that his granddaughter was injured, he stared at Duan Chengjian with a cold expression!

When Duan Chengjian saw that everyone from the Hu Wen Celestial race was staring at him coldly, his expression changed slightly!

"He... he has already cut off my arm. What else do you want?"

He said to Hu Yan 'ER's grandfather with an unsightly expression!

"He was defeated, but he didn't admit defeat and launched a sneak attack. He broke the rules and only lost two arms. Do you think this matter is over?"

Hu Dongyang and the others also stared at Duan Chengjian coldly as they spoke!

They were disciples of the Fox pattern divine race, so they naturally spoke up for the fox pattern divine race!

"I didn't admit defeat in the battle just now. Don't think that I'm afraid of you. My Master is the killing Sword God!"

Duan Chengjian's body trembled as he growled with an embarrassed expression!

"Brother Duan Chengjian has the strength of a peak demigod. He might have been a little reckless just now!"

"This person has already chopped off two of his arms. Let's forget about this matter!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Hu Jianming frowned slightly and said!

"That's right. Hu Yan 'er didn't suffer much injury either. Moreover, Duan Cheng Jian didn't admit defeat in the battle just now. She was naive to think that she had won!"

"That's right. How can there be a one-sided announcement of victory in a sparring match!"

As Hu Jianming's voice fell, Princess Tian ran and a few others said from the side.

"Killing sword God!"

When Hu Fei and the others heard this name, their pupils constricted slightly, and their faces were filled with fear!

"The killing sword God that appeared more than a year ago?"

The eyes of the first elder of the Hu Wen Celestial race flickered as he asked Hu Fei and the others.

"It's the first elder!"

Hu Fei nodded his head!

"Let's drop this matter. From now on, all the disciples will spar with each other. The sparring will end when the sparring ends!"

A prince from the Hidden Tiger Planet spoke up!

"Chengjian, are you alright?"

Seeing that the matter was over, Princess Tian ran and the rest of the Hu Jian immediately walked to Duan Chengjian's side!

"I'm Fine!"

Duan chengjian nodded his head with an extremely ugly expression.

"Just you wait!"

He glared at Wang Xian with a face full of hatred and growled coldly!

"I think you want to Die!"

Killing intent shot out from Wang Xian's eyes!

"Alright, Xiao Xian, come here!"

Hu Fei felt the killing intent from Wang Xian and was satisfied. He shouted at him!

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and walked over!

"Let's forget about this matter. Yan 'er didn't suffer any serious injuries. That Kid's Master is the life-killing sword God. He is very strong!"

Hu Fei saw him walking over and said softly.

"How Strong?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows!

"His swordsmanship is very terrifying. He once killed four wisps of Divine Fire God in an instant. He has a strange personality and is not easy to get along with. Moreover, that God of killing sword seems to have a few senior and Junior Brothers!"

"Of course, our Fox Pattern Celestial race is not afraid of that God of killing sword. It's just that we have not reached that stage yet. After all, that Broken Sword is also an elite disciple of the Divine Tiger Dynasty!"

Hu Fei whispered.

"Let's Drop It!"

The first elder of the fox vein divine race nodded slightly!

"Clang!"

At this moment, a sharp metallic sound came from the distant horizon.

Everyone felt the sharp swords in their hands tremble slightly!

Three figures flew over on their flying swords!

"It's the killing sword God!"

Everyone looked over with shocked expressions!