Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2180: 2180 Dragon King under the merciless way of the sword

"Slayer Sword God, he actually came. Who are the two figures next to him? They are both wearing the same golden attire. Are they fellow disciples?"

"Back then, Slayer sword God killed four Wisps of Divine Fire God with a single sword strike. He was known as the Slayer Sword God, the Sword God!"

"I heard that Slayer Sword God has a solitary personality and is not easy to get along with. Back then, the Prince and the others wanted to befriend him, but they did not meet him in person. However, his strength is absolutely terrifying. He only has one disciple. Do you think he will avenge his disciple?"

When they saw the three figures flying over from the horizon, everyone was slightly shocked!

Slayer sword God's name rose to prominence a year ago. In the entire hidden tiger planet, his strength was definitely at the peak!

"The two people beside Slayer sword God also emitted a terrifying sword light. Their entire bodies are like sharp swords. Their strength might not be weaker than his!"

The group of gods looked over and revealed a look of astonishment!

"They are indeed very strong!"

The first elder of the fox pattern celestial race looked over and felt the sharpness coming from their bodies. He spoke slowly!

"The Master of Broken Sword is here!"

When the surrounding disciples saw this scene, they were also shocked. One by one, they raised their heads and looked over!

"Cousin, do you think that Broken Sword's master will find trouble with Wang Xian when he sees him injured?"

When Princess Tian ran saw this scene, a look of anticipation appeared on her face!

"I don't know!"

Hu Jianming frowned and shook his head slowly!

He wasn't sure about the killer sword God's temper and personality...

"However, since all the experts of the fox pattern celestial race are here, nothing should happen!"

He said lightly.

"That's true!"

Princess Tian ran nodded in disappointment!

"Master!"

Duan Chengjian saw his master and the others flying over and immediately went over to welcome them!

"Eh? What Happened?"

A middle-aged man on the left looked at Duan Chengjian and asked immediately when he saw the injuries on his body.

"Master, I was ambushed and my arms were cut off!"

Duan chengjian lowered his head and said softly!

"It's the Dragon King's Aura!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the side!

The middle-aged man who was known as the god of killing swords was slightly taken aback!

He turned his head abruptly and looked down!

Beside him, two middle-aged men stared at Wang Xian's figure with eyes filled with respect!

"Swoosh!"

The life-killing sword God hurriedly followed closely behind with his body slightly bowed!

"Eh? What are they doing?"

"Could it be that the life-killing sword God is looking for trouble with Hu Yan Er's fiancée?"

"No way! All the experts from the Hu Wen Celestial race are here!"

Below, everyone's expression changed slightly when they saw the life-killing sword God and the other two terrifying sword gods flying straight towards Hu Yan Er's fiancée!

"I'm going to look for trouble with them!"

Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian had expectant expressions on their faces when they saw this scene!

The members of the Hu Wen Celestial race frowned slightly!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan er recovered a little and walked towards Wang Xian with some worry.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the three people flying over and revealed a smile instead!

He looked at them indifferently!

Slayer sword God and the rest landed on the ground and quickened their pace!

Wang Xian took two steps forward slowly!

Everyone around looked over and their faces were filled with astonishment!

Was Slayer sword God really going to offend the Fox Pattern Celestial race for his disciple?

However, with Slayer Sword God's personality, it was really possible!

Some people thought to themselves!

"Greetings..."

However, when they thought that the god of killing swords was going to punish Hu Yan Er's fiancée because of his disciple's matter!

A scene that shocked and stunned everyone appeared!

The god of killing swords and the other two extraordinary god of swords knelt on the ground and shouted loudly.

However, he didn't say anything. Wang Xian waved his arm and stopped them!

"Greetings, King!"

The three of them were slightly stunned. They continued to kneel on the ground and shouted respectfully.

Greetings, King?

King?

Everyone had an incredulous look on their faces when they saw this scene. They looked at this scene in a daze.

Especially the members of the Hu Wen Celestial race, Hu Fei, Hu Zhi, and Hu Yan 'er. They opened their mouths slightly and looked at this scene in shock!

What... What was going on?

The God of Sword, who was so famous that even the king of the Hidden Tiger Planet wanted to befriend him, was actually kneeling in front of Wang Xian!

He even addressed Wang Xian as king directly!

"What?"

Behind him, broken sword walked over with a puzzled look on his face. When he saw this scene, his face was completely frozen!

This... How was this possible!

"Your strength has improved quite well. However, there's something wrong with the disciples you taught!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the three of them.

The three of them were naturally the dragon guards who had left the Dragon Palace for more than three years.

The three of them in front of him were obviously the stronger ones among the Dragon Guards.

Wang Xian was very satisfied with their strength. However, he was a little dissatisfied with their disciples. He was even a little displeased!

"Wang, it's my fault for not teaching him well!"

The expression of the dragon guard on the left changed and he immediately shouted!

Following that, he immediately stood up and turned around to look at Duan chengjian!

"Master!"

Duan Chengjian looked at his master's cold expression. His expression changed slightly as he shouted softly.

"Whoosh!"

However, what happened next shocked everyone.

The killing sword God waved his arm at the broken sword, and a sharp sword flashed past!

Under everyone's shocked gazes, a long sword pierced through the broken sword, and then a golden light swept through his body!

"Weng!"

The golden light flashed, and the broken sword completely disappeared Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Ah!"

Some timid girls saw this scene and screamed in fear!

Everyone around could not help but take a step back!

After killing the broken sword, strands of golden sharp swords revolved around the god of Slayer sword.

Everyone could sense that the sword radiance on his body was even more terrifying!

"Anyone who offends the king shall be killed without mercy!"

He turned around and knelt down towards Wang Xian!

"You've taken another step forward. Get Up!"

Wang Xian said slowly to them.

This was the heartless sword principle!

The Dragon King was revered and the heartless sword principle could kill anyone!

Those who cultivated the heartless sword principle would kill anyone who offended the Dragon King!

"Yes, King!"

The three dragon guards nodded and stood behind Wang Xian without saying a word.

As the Dragon Guards, they were the Dragon King's most loyal guards!

"This..."

When they saw the Slayer sword God and the other two powerful sword gods standing silently behind Hu Yan Er's fiancé, everyone was shocked!

They looked at the young man in a Daze!

With just one sentence, the Slayer sword God killed his own disciple with a single strike!

They stood behind the young man like guards!

Who was he?

What was the identity of Hu Yan Er's fiancé?

How could he have such terrifying subordinates?

That was the powerful life-slaying sword God!

Not only was the crowd shocked, even Hu Yan er, Hu Fei, Hu Zhi and the rest were staring at Wang Xian in disbelief!