Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2181: 2181 what was his identity?

"Brother Wang Xian, you... You Are..."

Hu Yan 'er stared at Wang Xian in disbelief!

She opened her mouth and felt extremely unfamiliar when she looked at Wang Xian in front of her!

Three powerhouses who even their father and grandfather were afraid of were actually kneeling in front of him. What was his identity then?

An emperor of the celestial dynasty?

"Your memory didn't disappear!"

Hu Fei frowned slightly as she stared at Wang Xian!

Wang Xian's identity shocked them!

"It's not convenient to reveal it!"

Wang Xian looked at them and shook his head slightly.

"It's all thanks to brother Wang Xian that my sister was able to reach the peak of the demigod realm!"

At this moment, Hu Zhi suddenly opened his mouth and asked Wang Xian.

Wang Xian nodded his head! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Brother Wang Xian is very powerful. He managed to raise my strength to the peak of the demigod realm in just ten days!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at Wang Xian and said with a smile on her face!

"I actually neglected Yan 'er's cultivation in such a short period of time!"

Hu Fei was stunned as he looked at his daughter in a Daze!

He never expected that his daughter, who was at the first level of the demigod realm, would suddenly rise to the peak of the demigod realm!

This was something that even the entire Hu Wen Celestial race would find difficult to achieve!

In order to quickly nurture a disciple, this disciple had to have a strong comprehension ability!

He understood his daughter. Her comprehension ability was not bad, but she definitely could not reach such a level!

However, there was only one possibility for her to forcefully rise to the peak of the half-body realm within ten days!

Rare and mystical heavenly materials and earthly treasures. Usually, even gods would spy on such things!

When the surrounding people heard their conversation, their gazes also landed on Hu Yan 'er.

The gods were astonished, and the disciples watched enviously!

Ten days to raise half a step to the peak of the demigod realm was a terrifying thing!

However, the most enviable thing was that Hu Yan 'er's fiancé seemed to have a powerful background!

The killing sword God had the strength of at least five wisps of divine fire, yet he directly knelt down and proclaimed himself king!

One could imagine his background. He was definitely not weaker than the current Hu Wen Celestial race. In fact, he was much stronger!

Princess Tian ran and Gu Shaotian watched this scene with unsightly expressions.

At this moment, their hearts were filled with reverence!

"Brother Wang Xian, are... are you leaving?"

Hu Yan 'er looked at the three dragon guards behind him and asked with a frown!

"I'm going to the Fallen Immortal Island as well. Furthermore, I just happened to bump into the three of them!"

Wang Xian shook his head at her and said with a smile, "Don't worry, I won't be leaving for the time being!"

"Oh!"

Hu Yan 'er was glowing!

"I have something to ask them!"

Wang Xian spoke to Hu Yan 'er, Hu Fei, and the rest before walking to the side!

"This young man is not simple. He is not at the peak of his physical strength. Judging from his actions just now, he must have ignited the divine fire!"

When the great elder of the Hu Wen Celestial race saw Wang Xian leaving, he walked over and spoke to Hu Fei, Hu Yan er, and the rest calmly!

"Great Elder, he was picked up by my brother and I at a place in our family. At that time, he was injured..."

Hu Yan er said softly!

"Hehe, this is a good thing. Since ancient times, heroes can not overcome the beauty barrier. Little Yan er is very beautiful!"

Hu Yan er, who had a smile on her face, said.

Even her attitude was much better!

This was not only because of Hu Yan er's current strength at the peak of the demigod realm, but also because of that mysterious young man!

If Hu Yan er really married that young man, it would be very beneficial to their fox pattern celestial race!

Hu Yan 'er opened her mouth and her face was slightly red!

However, she was a little nervous at this moment. She didn't expect Wang Xian to be so mysterious and powerful!

"I really didn't expect you to pick up such a mysterious young man, Yan 'er. Get along well with him in the future. Grandpa will support you!"

An old man walked over and said with a burning passion in his heart.

He was the leader of the branch family of the fox-patterned celestial race. However, his strength was only enough to ignite three wisps of divine fire.

If his granddaughter could find a boyfriend with such a powerful background, it would be even more beneficial to their branch family!

Hu Yan 'er lowered her head and fiddled with the corner of her clothes. She raised her head and stole a glance at Wang Xian.

Looking at his back, she could feel an air of superiority!

This made her even more anxious!

In the surroundings, the forces of the Divine Tiger dynasty were looking in that direction and discussing in low voices!

"Are you guys going to the Fallen Immortal Island as well?"

Wang Xian walked to the side and asked the three of them.

"It's the Dragon King. Dragon King, we have received news from the other clansmen that the leader wants us all to head to the Fallen Immortal Island!"

"The leader seems to have entered the island ahead of Schedule!"

A Dragon Guard reported to Wang Xian!

"HMM, have you lost a lot of your dragon guards? How far have you progressed in your cultivation of the heartless sword principle?"

Wang Xian nodded and asked them!

"Out of the 2,500 Dragon Guards, we lost about 500 of them. However, we have already used the tree branches of the soul-returning tree to absorb their souls!"

"Now, the three of us have reached a higher level in the heartless sword principle. I believe that we can fight two levels above us!"

The Dragon Guards replied!

"Oh? We can fight two levels above us without achieving perfection!"

Wang Xian revealed a look of surprise and satisfaction in his eyes!

Out of the three dragon guards in front of him, two of them had lit up three wisps of divine fire and one of them had lit up four wisps of divine fire!

In other words, they possessed the combat strength of five wisps of divine fire and six Wisps of Divine Fire!

"It seems that the dragon guards are born to cultivate the heartless sword principle!"

Wang Xian said faintly.

"Thank you for your praise, Dragon King!"

The three Dragon Guards said with smiles on their faces.

"Brother Wang Xian, the formation is done. We are going over now!"

At this moment, Hu Yan 'er's voice sounded!

"Coming!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked over immediately!

"Are you going to follow us all the way?"

Hu Yan 'er saw Wang Xian walking over and asked him softly.

"HMM? Why? Are you going to chase me away?"

Wang Xian looked at her with a smile!

"How can that be? I'm just..."

Hu Yan 'er shook her head hurriedly!

"Alright, let's talk about it after my injuries have fully recovered!"

Wang Xian interrupted her and said with a smile.

"Hehe, let's go then!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded with a smile.

"Little brother, let's Go!"

At the front seat, the great elder of the Hu Wen Celestial race greeted Wang Xian with a smile on his face.

"Alright, Thank You!"

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er, nodded his head, and the two of them walked over!

In the surroundings, everyone looked over from time to time!

The group of disciples had already understood that the young man was no longer on the same level as them!

Even Hu Yan 'er had risen!

"Luckily, I didn't provoke that youth back then. If I had provoked him, I would have ended up in a miserable state!"

Hu Dong Yang couldn't help but feel lucky. Luckily, he didn't lose his mind at that time!

If he went to find trouble with that youth, then he would be in trouble!

Everyone stepped into the array and headed towards the Fallen Immortal God Island!