Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2182: 2182 Dragon Guard

The other shore planet was located at the furthest edge of the central region of the Western Region!

Further east, there was a void of billions of kilometers. On the other side of the void, there was the central star region!

When Wang Xian and the rest were teleported to the other shore planet, they were surrounded by people!

Especially around the teleportation formation, there was one person every two to three meters. It was extremely crowded!

There were also destroyed buildings at the side!

Clearly, there was a conflict here just now!

"The Fallen Immortal Island is located between the western region and the central region. We have to fly over!"

The great elder said to Wang Xian and the rest!

"Let's go. We have to rush over immediately. Our Divine Tiger Dynasty has already occupied a position there!"

One of the princes said!

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

The group did not stay on the other shore planet and flew directly into the void.

Around them, countless people also flew into the void!

At a glance, the void was densely packed with people!

"Although the divine tomb is a great opportunity, those without strength or background who barge in will only become cannon fodder!"

A prince looked at the densely packed people around him, and a cold expression appeared on his face! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"If the opportunity is with us, we might be able to soar to the sky in one go. Three of the five God lords of our boundless starfield have soared to the sky in the Divine Tomb!"

"It's easier said than done if you want to reach the realm of eternal God Lord Step by Step!"

The first elder said slowly.

The surrounding gods nodded indifferently.

Many people knew that they were just cannon fodder in the past, but they still went for it!

Opportunities were usually obtained through fighting!

"There are at least 50 to 60 powerful factions gathered on the Fallen Immortal Island. The number of unspecialized people might reach over 100 million!"

"Our fox-patterned celestial race and the Divine Tiger dynasty are united and can barely be considered a first-rate faction. However, even so, we can't be ranked in the top 10 on the Fallen Immortal Island!"

"When we get there, we must keep a low profile!"

Hu Fei reminded Wang Xian, Hu Yan 'er, Hu Zhi, and the rest in a low voice!

"It's father!"

Hu Zhi, Hu Yan 'er, and the rest nodded their heads!

The central region was the largest and strongest region among the five major regions!

The Eternal Master who shook the Central Region was the seven star master!

However, the seven star master occupied one-fifth of the central region. The rest of the region was divided among the major forces!

With the appearance of the divine tomb, all the forces in the western region rushed in, and the forces in the central area came in full force!

Who would miss the Eternal Divine Master's Divine Tomb?

The group quickly flew into the Void!

Ten minutes later, the first elder opened his divine kingdom and led them forward!

Even so, it took them more than ten hours to arrive!

"Is that the divine tomb?"

Close to the Fallen Immortal God Island, Hu Yan 'er widened her eyes and looked forward.

In the void in front of them, there were many majestic and vast islands floating in the sky!

There were more than twenty islands connected together. Looking from afar, it made one's heart palpitate!

At this moment, there were numerous meteorites surrounding the twenty or so majestic islands!

There were many people on each of the meteorites!

Located in the center of the west, the closest place to the Fallen Immortal Island, a continent with a radius of 1,000 kilometers floated in the center!

Above this continent, there was a flag floating!

The image of a two-tailed divine Fox!

That was the eternal twin Fox force that shook the Western Region!

Its twin Fox divine master, and even the only female divine master among the Five Great Divine Masters!

"The eternal twin foxes and the eternal seven stars are already here. I wonder if the god Lords from the other Starfields are here!"

The first elder looked ahead and murmured!

"First Elder, let's Go There!"

A prince led the way and thousands of people flew toward a meteorite.

There were many buildings on that huge meteorite!

From time to time, sounds of battle could be heard from the surroundings. Some people were clashing with each other!

The people ignored them and went directly to the meteorite!

"Go to the temporary residence first. All disciples wait for our orders!"

On the meteorite, there were people welcoming them. Young men wearing tiger-headed clothes led them toward the residence.

The other gods walked toward a large hall in the center!

"Yan 'er, accompany Xiao Xian!"

Hu Fei instructed his daughter!

"Okay!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded her head and looked at Wang Xian who was beside her!

Wang Xian smiled and didn't say anything. He and Hu Yan 'er walked towards a residence.

The buildings on this meteorite naturally couldn't be compared to the living environment of the Hu Wen Celestial race. Each person had a room and it was slightly shabby!

"Can we contact the other clansmen?"

Wang Xian asked the three dragon guards.

"Dragon King, we can contact them. However, we can't contact the leader at the moment!"

"The rest of our Golden Swordfish clansmen are located opposite us. It's not too far away. We can teleport over directly!"

The Dragon Guards replied!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and went to the room next door to knock on Hu Yan 'er's door!

"I have some matters to attend to. I'll be back in four to five hours at most!"

Wang Xian spoke directly before she opened the door!

"AH? Then... brother Wang Xian, be careful!"

Hu Yan 'er opened the door quickly and said to him while looking at him!

"Don't Worry!"

Wang Xian nodded at her and followed her into the room!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian sensed the position of the dragon guards carefully and his figure disappeared instantly!

Buzz

Wang Xian's figure appeared on a meteorite. There were more than 2,000 people sitting cross-legged on the meteorite!

A sword was suspended in front of them and it exuded a cold aura!

The appearance of Wang Xian and the rest made everyone in the surroundings open their eyes. Waves of terrifying sword rays were suspended in the air!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The next moment, 2,000 figures sensed Wang Xian's aura. Their faces were burning hot as they immediately bowed to him!

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the dragon guards and his face revealed a look of satisfaction!

When he left, only 13 of the Dragon Guards had lit their divine flames. Now, there were 25 dragon guards who had lit their divine flames in the surroundings!

However, the dragon guards were not very strong. The strongest one had only lit four wisps of divine fire!

"It's been hard on all of you for the past three years!"

Wang Xian looked at them and said slowly!

"We are like gold and iron horses, roaming the starry skies. I only hope that we can become qualified Dragon Guards!"

All the Dragon Guards roared in a low voice!

"In these three years, all of you have been able to reach such a level without the assistance of the Dragon Palace. It's very good!"

"You guys should have collected a lot of resources, right? When I summon the Dragon Palace, you guys can enter the Dragon Palace and convert the resources into strength!"

Wang Xian spoke to them slowly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The dragon guards nodded respectfully!

"Alright, let's go in!"

Wang Xian's body trembled as the Dragon Palace slowly appeared!

The Dragon Guards immediately entered the Dragon Palace!

"Prime Minister Gui, give me all the resources that the dragon palace has stored!"

Wang Xian stood on the meteorite and scanned his surroundings. He looked at the majestic aura and the vast divine tomb!

At this moment, he had to expend a huge amount of resources to recover from his injuries!