Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2183: The inheritance of the 2183 divine tomb

"Phew!"!

Wang Xian sat cross-legged on the meteorite and placed the divine herbs and pills into his mouth one by one!

These resources were almost all accumulated by the Dragon Palace during this period of time!

The injuries of the thunder god Lord's sneak attack last time were too severe. Facing a god Lord, he didn't even have the chance to release his divine kingdom!

A large amount of resources transformed into Dragon Energy and healed the injuries in his body!

Meanwhile, in the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Guards had converted all the resources they had obtained over the past three years into their own strength!

The improvement this time was definitely a metamorphosis for them!

After three years of adventuring, they had lost almost one-fifth of the 2,500 Dragon Guards. One could imagine the cruelty of their training!

"I've finally recovered!"

Three hours later, Wang Xian opened his eyes and revealed a smile!

He stretched his body and scanned his surroundings. He picked an ordinary-fetus fruit from the Dragon Palace!

Taking an ordinary-fetus fruit could improve a person's comprehension and spirituality!

He scanned his surroundings and saw that there were many powerful forces around him. They were gathered by the major forces of the two regions. There were as many experts as the clouds, and the Heaven's chosen were dominating!

"Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the entire fallen immortal divine island in front of him suddenly trembled. Waves of majestic earth-attributed energy spread out in all directions!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Suddenly, on the Divine Island in the center, a giant condensed from earth-attributed energy appeared in the sky above the Divine Island. Its roars shook the heavens and earth!

"What's going on?"

"What happened at the Divine Tomb? Ever since the incident, no one seems to have been able to enter the Divine Tomb!"

"The divine tomb has undergone a change. Could it be that they are able to enter the Divine Tomb?"

A shocked voice was heard. On the meteorites, many experts were flying toward the Fallen Immortal Divine Island.

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. His eyes were sparkling as he stared at the giant phantom floating on the Fallen Immortal Divine Island!

At the same time, figures were being expelled from the interior of the Fallen Immortal Island!

"This situation is similar to the mountain tomb on Earth!"

A middle-aged man with a sharp sword in his hand was expelled. He frowned and his expression turned ugly!

He was one of the first people to discover this divine tomb. However, he had been in there for nearly two months and was still unable to reach the central Divine Island!

The inheritance was not his!

"In this situation, someone must have obtained the inheritance inside!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He stared ahead quietly!

"Brother Ao Jian, you came out too?"

At this moment, an old man was expelled from the divine tomb a dozen kilometers away and said to him.

"Yes!"

The middle-aged man was Ao Jian, who had entered the divine tomb ahead of time. He looked at the old man and nodded slowly!

"I don't know why the Divine Tomb suddenly repelled us. Could it be that someone has obtained the inheritance inside?"

The old man's eyes flickered. He stared ahead and tried to enter, but he helplessly shook his head!

"I don't know. It's possible!"

Ao Jian said indifferently!

"I believe brother Ao Jian's harvest inside is not bad, right? Do you want to come to my sky-filling divine sect to sit?"

The old man invited Ao Jian with a smile on his face!

"No, I still have something to do!"

Ao jian shook his head!

"Hehe, that's good. In the future, I welcome brother Ao Jian to our sect as a guest!"

The old man cupped his hands at him and left directly!

Ao Jian's gaze swept around and saw countless experts flying over. His body moved and he quickly left!

"Hahaha, I'm originally a speck of dust, no, I'm a mountain, I'm the Chosen One, I'm the Eternal God Lord, Hahaha!"

At this moment, on the Divine Island in the center of the Fallen Immortal Islands, a young man in high spirits stood in the middle of a large hall!

He stared at the towering figure in front of him and could not help but laugh wildly!

At this moment, he really wanted to dance happily and kiss the hand of the goddess of fate!

He really wanted to float in the sky above the divine tomb and tell the world that everyone present here was trash, including the Eternal Lord of the Boundless Star Field. They were all trash!

Let me show you how the youngest God Lord was born!

Buzz Buzz

On the meteorite, Wang Xian looked at the divine tomb in front of him. His heart suddenly stirred as he looked at a figure!

"Is he out?"

Wang Xian looked at the figure with a smile on his face!

Ao Jian had also sensed Wang Xian's aura in front of him. He sped up and flew over!

"Dragon King!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian, ao Jian immediately flew over with a smile on his face and knelt respectfully in front of him!

"Get up. What happened at the Divine Tomb?"

Wang Xian waved his hand at him and asked.

"Dragon King, this situation is similar to the situation on Earth. I suspect that someone has inherited the inheritance of the Eternal Lord!"

Ao Jian said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Has someone inherited it? How are you doing in there? Did you gain anything?"

Wang Xian asked him.

"Dragon King, I have gained quite a lot!"

Ao jian smiled. "I have gained quite a lot in the past three years. Now, my heartless sword principle has been upgraded. I can fight two levels higher. Now, I have ignited seven wisps of divine fire!"

"The resources in your hands should be enough to upgrade one level. Enter the Dragon Palace first and increase your strength to the peak of the Godly State!"

Wang Xian nodded in satisfaction and instructed him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao jian nodded his head and entered the Dragon Palace immediately!

"Looks like I've wasted my trip!"

Wang Xian looked at the divine tomb in front of him and shook his head slightly.

The probability of obtaining the inheritance in the divine tomb was too low. Not only did he have to possess strength, but he also had to be chosen by the fallen God!

It was almost impossible for a metal elemental cultivator to obtain the inheritance of the Earth elemental divine tomb!

Wang Xian looked at the time and instructed Prime Minister Gui who was in the Dragon Palace of the Divine Kingdom. Then, he teleported to where Hu Yan er and the rest were!

Buzz

When Wang Xian arrived, he noticed that there were about seven to eight thousand disciples standing on the meteorite. They were looking at the location of the Divine Tomb!

Wang Xian found Hu Yan er's location and flew over with a smile!

"Brother Wang Xian, you're here!"

Hu Yan 'er smiled when she saw Wang Xian arrive!

"HMM, why are there so many people here?"

Wang Xian nodded at her and asked!

"A group of godly state experts from the Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger Dynasty went to check out the situation. We disciples are here to take a look!"

Hu Yan 'er smiled and said!

"HMM, come over for a moment. I have something for You!"

Wang Xian looked around and said to Hu Yan 'er!

"AH? What is it?"

Hu Yan 'er's eyes sparkled as she said with a flushed face!

"Is it that mysterious young man who made the god of killing sword address him as his king?"

In the middle, a few divine sons and goddesses from the royal family of the Divine Tiger Dynasty looked at Wang Xian and Hu Yan 'er and asked softly to the side.

"Yes, the divine son. It's that young man. Hu Yan 'er is able to reach the peak of the demigod realm because of him!"