Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2184: 2184 god Lord

The current Hu Yan 'er could be considered somewhat famous in the entire Divine Tiger dynasty!

She possessed the strength of a peak half-body at such a young age. In the entire Divine Tiger dynasty, she was definitely one of the best!

In particular, she possessed the strength to defeat Duan Chengjian. She also possessed a fiancé with a mysterious and powerful identity. This made her quite famous among the core disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty!

Coupled with her beautiful face, she attracted the attention of many people!

Some of the core divine sons of the Divine Tiger Empire were even tempted by her. However, after learning about her mysterious fiancé, they gave up on this idea!

Some of the disciples looked at Wang Xian, whether intentionally or unintentionally, their eyes were sparkling!

"Consume this fruit. It will be helpful for your future cultivation!"

Wang Xian took out the fruit and passed it to Hu Yan er!

"AH? What kind of treasure is this?"

Hu Yan er could feel the profound light and energy emitted from the fruit. The wood attribute in her body was restless as she raised her head to look at Wang Xian!

"Eat it. After you consume it, you should be able to ignite the divine fire in no time!"

"Moreover, your future cultivation will be twice the result with half the effort!"

Wang Xian smiled at her!

"This... is too precious, you... Why Are You So Good to me!"

Fox smoke son slightly lower the head, say to him in a low voice!

"You have saved my life, of course you must repay me!"

Wang Xian said with a smile all over his face. The fruit was placed next to her little face, and he motioned to her!

"MMM!"

Hu Yan er slightly squint eyes, smile have a pair of tiger teeth, toward the service tire bite!

The fruit melted in her mouth and entered his body directly!

A majestic wood attribute energy surged in her body!

Wang Xian waved his arm and brought the fruit into the room. He stood by the side and looked at her!

Only Xiao ran and Xiao ran's younger sister had consumed the fruit before. However, both of them were not of the wood attribute!

Consuming the fruit could only improve their perception, but it did not improve their spirituality!

Spirituality was a wood attribute cultivator's control and perception of the wood attribute!

The majestic wood attribute within the ordinary fruit would also be directly lost!

Hua'er duo'er had also consumed the ordinary fruit, and as a result, her strength had increased by a lot!

Hu Yan er was the same as Hua'er Cai'er. She was of the wood attribute and could absorb the energy within!

The majestic wood attribute washed over her body, causing it to emit a jade-like luster. All the impurities in her body were removed!

A natural aura was emitted from her body!

Wang Xian slowly placed his palm on top of her head. The energy and aura of the ancestral tree poured into her body!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Hu Yan Er's body emitted a special sound. The wooden staff in her hand actually sprouted!

A jade-like flower slowly grew out from the top of the wooden staff!

A natural fragrance was emitted from her body!

"Special physique!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling as he looked at Hu Yan 'er!

The transformation of the viviparous fruit, coupled with Wang Xian's continuous nurturing of Hu Yan 'er's body with the ancestral tree during this period of time, had resulted in a huge change in her body today!

He retracted his palm and sized her up!

Around Hu Yan 'er, green grass sprouted from the dead silence of the meteorite!

Ten minutes later, Hu Yan 'er slowly opened her eyes. She looked at Wang Xian in front of her with a smile on her face!

When her smile bloomed, the wooden staff in her hand slowly bloomed!

A flower bloomed with a smile! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Ah!"

Hu Yan 'er was stunned when she saw this scene. She stared at the staff in her hand in a daze!

Following that, she sized up her body. Her face was filled with shock!

"Brother Wang Xian, why do I feel like I have undergone a huge change? I..."

Hu Yan 'er touched her body with a face full of shock. She even scratched her emerald-green tail with a slightly red face!

Compared to the past, she had changed too much. In the past, she looked like a delicate little princess. Now, her temperament was like a goddess from the nine heavens!

"This is a good thing. How long do you need before you can ignite the Divine Fire?"

Wang Xian asked her.

"I feel that I can ignite the Divine Fire Now!"

Hu Yan 'er's eyes sparkled as she said joyfully!

"Alright, I will build a Kingdom of God for you after some time!"

Wang Xian nodded his head in satisfaction!

"No... There's no need for that. Our Hu Wen Celestial race should have it!"

Hu Yan 'er said with her head lowered. Her heart was filled with joy!

Boom! Boom! Boom

All of a sudden, terrifying rumbling sounds came from the location of the Divine Tomb!

The meteorite that Wang Xian was on could not help but shake!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian grabbed Hu Yan 'er's arm and stepped out of the room. He looked in the direction of the God's Tomb!

"Oh my God, the Eternal Lord has made his move. There's a Lord making his move!"

"Hiss, look, look at those three figures!"

When they walked out of the room, they heard the exclamations of the disciples of the Divine Tiger dynasty coming from the front!

Wang Xian looked over. When he saw the three figures in the sky that were emitting a vast and mighty aura, he narrowed his eyes slightly!

In the void above the Fallen Immortal Island, a mighty figure was standing in the sky.

A divine fox with two tails had a body that was 10,000 meters tall. Her two tails were swaying and giving off a terrifying aura!

A figure with seven heavy meteorites on top of his head and a body that was giving off a heavy aura. Although it was only about two meters tall, it was like a mountain that was reflected in one's mind at a glance!

The last one was an incomparably savage divine beast. It was a terrifying figure that was about 20,000 meters tall. Its entire body was covered in densely packed scales and it had eighteen sharp claws. Its face was savage yet did not lose its dignity!

Three vast bodies were attacking the divine tomb below!

"Twin foxes, you and I will join hands and occupy this divine tomb!"

In the sky above the divine tomb, a voice suddenly came out from the mouth of the seven meteors above. The voice was vast and mighty!

"Keke Keke, why? Seven Star, you dog, you still want to chase me away. Do you want to see if this fox beauty dares to offend a god Lord for no reason? !"

The huge and savage figure shouted wantonly!

"A few days ago, there was a rumor that a god Lord was born in the Sea of no seal. It seems that it is true. However, I will not interfere in the grudge between the two of you!"

"If you two have any grudges, you might as well go to the void and have a great battle!"

Double Fox God master said coldly.

Her two gigantic tails swayed. One of them was fiery red while the other was emerald green. Streams of energy directly blasted towards the god tomb below!

"Ka Ka!"

The energy in the sky above a God island was destroyed. Her body moved and she directly flew downwards!

"Humph!"

The seven star god Lord, who had seven meteorites above his head, snorted lightly. He glanced coldly at the huge and ferocious creature, and his eyes fell on the Divine Island in the middle!

He waved his arm, and streams of terrifying energy landed on the main island!

"Hehehe!"

That terrifying creature was naturally ao crab, who had left the Dragon Palace!

Ao crab originally had the strength of a peak godly state. Now that three years had passed, the boundless sea had been ruled by him, and his strength had risen to the realm of an eternal God Lord!