Chapter 2185: 2185 god Lord’s disciple

Ao crab's rise had the greatest impact on the seven star god Lord, who was also located in the Central Region!

Especially after the explosion in the divine tomb, there was an eternal seven star god who provoked ao crab!

Ao crab directly killed him!

After the seven star god Lord learned about it, he was extremely furious and immediately made a move to punish ao crab!

But in the end, ao crab directly exploded with the strength of an eternal God Lord, making the seven star god Lord's face extremely ugly!

"God Lord, the central region has actually given birth to a god Lord!"

Within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers, hundreds of millions of people heard the sound in the sky above the fallen immortal God Island. When they saw the vast and unfamiliar figure, their faces revealed shocked expressions!

The birth of a god Lord was a huge matter for the entire boundless star field!

The appearance of a god Lord could even change the entire boundless star field's structure!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

On the main island of the Fallen Immortal God Islands, seven star god Lord's attack landed on the island, causing a tremendous tremor!

"Eh?"

However, after the attack, the main island didn't suffer the slightest bit of damage. An enormous amount of energy blocked his attack!

"One star, Fall!"

Seven star god Lord's gaze focused, and a meteorite behind him directly smashed downwards!

Boom! Boom! Boom

A huge tremor was felt once again. The strong airwaves caused the meteorites to fly backwards!

Even the meteorites where Wang Xian and the rest were were flying towards the void behind them!

"Be careful! The meteorites in front are crashing towards us!"

The exclamations of the disciples could be heard from the front!

Wang Xian held onto Hu Yan 'er as he looked towards the sky above the divine tomb in a Daze!

The attack of the seven stars Divine Lord still failed to break through the defense of the Divine Tomb!

"Keke Keke, it seems like this divine lord who died in the past is very powerful!"

Ao crab looked over and laughed out loud. He bent down and attacked the Divine Island at the side!

The huge Dragon Claw broke through the defense in the sky and Ao crab successfully entered the divine tomb!

"HMPH!"

The seven-star divine master revealed an unwilling expression and turned to attack the Divine Islands at the side!

Soon, the three Divine Masters entered the Divine Islands one by one!

"Ao crab has become a divine master!"

Wang Xian looked at this scene from afar and smiled.

Once he became a divine master, the world would definitely be shocked!

"Bang!"

At this moment, the sound of collision was heard. Wang Xian looked ahead and saw a meteorite colliding with their meteorite!

Under the intense collision, some buildings began to collapse!

On the meteorite in front, there were also thousands of disciples standing there!

The collision of the two meteorites did not cause a fight among the disciples. Instead, they started to communicate with each other!

"Yan 'er, I'm going to take care of some things!"

At this moment, Wang Xian had a thought and said to Hu Yan 'er!

"Oh!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded her head slightly and watched him leave!

"Brother Wang Xian and I, are we from the same world?"

Looking at Wang Xian's figure, she muttered to herself!

"Sister, come here. Let's go. We'll go to the eternal twin foxes continent with the divine son of deity and the disciples of the Frigid Heaven Divine Sect!"

"I heard from the disciples of the Frigid Heaven Divine sect that... Eh? Sister, What's wrong with your aura?"

At this moment, Hu Zhi flew over. When he saw Hu Yan 'er, he was suddenly stunned!

He widened his eyes and stared at his little sister in disbelief!

"What's wrong, brother?"

Hu Yan 'er looked at her brother in astonishment!

"Little sister, the Aura on your body, why... why do I feel that it's very comfortable to look at you, and I feel that you've become many times more beautiful!"

Hu Zhi widened his eyes and tilted his head as he said in disbelief!

"Is that so? Hehe, alright brother, let's Go!"

Hu Yan er walked over and pulled on his arm as she said with a smile!

"What a natural aura. Little Sister, What's wrong with your body? How could there be such a huge change? I feel that the aura on your body has changed a lot!"

Hu Zhi could not help but say!

Hu Yan 'er blinked her eyes and smiled, but did not answer him!

"Eh, Brother Hu Dong Cheng, this lady is so beautiful. This Is?"

When Hu Zhi brought Hu Yan 'er to the front!

In the middle of a group of people, a handsome young man saw Hu Yan 'er and the others walking over. His eyes lit up and stared at her!

"HMM?"

The young man known as Hu Dong Cheng followed his gaze and looked over. When he saw Hu Yan er, he was stunned.

If Hu Yan er was considered a rare beauty in the past, then the Hu Yan er in front of him was so beautiful that it was suffocating!

His heart beat violently. He felt that Hu Yan er was even more beautiful than before!

"Brother Shui, don't even think about it. This is Hu Yan Er. She has the strength of a peak-stage demigod, but she already has a fiancé!"

He could not help but look at Hu Yan 'er a few more times. The greed in his heart flashed past!

However, this greed was quickly thrown to the back of his mind!

If Hu Yan 'er's fiancé was an ordinary disciple, he might even snatch him away!

However, there was still no need to provoke that mysterious youth!

"That's really too regretful!"

A disappointed expression appeared on the youth's face as he shook his head regretfully.

However, he still walked over with a smile on his face!

"Hello, miss. I'm Shui Qingliu from the Frost Sky Divine Sect!"

"Oh? Hello!"

Hu Yan 'er was slightly stunned when she saw a youth walking towards her. She then said with a smile!

"Unfortunately, Miss already has a fiancé. If you don't have one, I might still have a chance. Haha!"

Shui Qingliu said with unconcealed admiration!

"Sister Hu Yan 'er, this is the young sect master of the frigid Sky Divine sect, the chosen divine son who is about to ignite the divine fire!"

Hu Dongyang walked over and introduced Hu Yan 'er with a smile on his face!

"En!"

Hu Yan 'er smiled and nodded at them!

Her smile caused the surrounding youths to pause once again, and their faces were slightly embarrassed.

With their status, very few women could make them lose their focus! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"So Beautiful!"

At the side, Gu Shaotian could not help but mutter softly as he watched Hu Yan 'er's temperament change drastically. Her every frown and smile was eye-catching!

He suddenly regretted that if he had not broken off the engagement at that time...

"Gu Shaotian!"

But at this moment, a cold voice suddenly entered his ears!

His expression changed and he quickly turned around to coax him!

"Let's go, Brother Shui. Let's go to the eternal twin foxes'continent. I want to see if I can buy any treasures there!"

Hu Dongcheng said to the disciples of the Frost Sky Divine sect with a smile!

"Alright, let's Go!"

The elite disciples of the Frost Sky Divine sect and the disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty flew towards the front of the divine tomb!

The Eternal Twin Fox continent was a man-made continent that the eternal twin Fox had directly sent over!

On this continent, there were all kinds of buildings such as restaurants and auctions. It was completely incomparable to the meteorites occupied by the various factions!

The Twin Fox continent was open to everyone, and there were many unaffiliated people living on it!