Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2186: 2186 god Lord’s disciple

In the Western Region, the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Divine Frost sect were considered to be among the top five powers!

The Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Hu Wen Celestial race were united. The current Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty came from the Hu Wen Celestial race!

At the same time, this empress was also the strongest expert of the Hu Wen Celestial race, an existence at the peak of the deity realm!

Even the current Tiger Emperor of the Divine Tiger dynasty respected his wife very much!

A group of more than twenty core disciples were strolling around the Twin Fox continent, buying one item after another!

"Little sister, I've benefited from you this time!"

Hu Zhi followed by the side and whispered to Hu Yan er!

"Hehe!"

Hu Yan er smiled at him!

"Little sister, how can your strength increase so quickly? See if you can get brother-in-law to help me increase my strength in the future!"

Hu Zhi continued to say with a smile.

"Brother, what nonsense are you talking about? You know that we are not real!"

Hu Yan Er's face turned slightly red as she turned to the side and said.

"Hehe, I don't think so. Look at how good that Wang Xian is to you. My little sister is at least a great beauty!"

"Look around you. Out of the ten men who passed by, nine of them were attracted to you. They couldn't help but take a second look at you!"

Hu Zhi said proudly!

"Is that so?"

Hu Yan Er's eyes flickered. No one knew what she was thinking!

"Let's go to the front. There is a famous Taobao area in the Double Fox continent. If we are lucky, we might be able to encounter a powerful divine artifact!"

"I also want to buy some items to prepare for building my own divine kingdom!"

As Shui Qingliu said that, he walked inside with a smile on his face.

The group followed from left to right as they walked forward!

In front of them was a bustling street with luxurious shops on both sides!

The group strolled along the street. Hu Yan 'er, who had undergone the cleansing of her body and the ancestral tree, now possessed a special constitution!

Among the group, she was like a dazzling star that attracted the attention of many wherever she went!

Especially for wood element cultivators, her aura made wood element cultivators extremely comfortable!

This Linghu Yan 'er was slightly uncomfortable and kept her head down!

"Eh? Big Brother, look, that beauty down there!"

While Hu Yan 'er and the others were strolling on the street!

In a restaurant on the second floor near the window, a young man suddenly looked down with shining eyes and said to a young man next to him!

"Hehe, third brother, what kind of beauty have you not seen before? Make a fuss over nothing!"

The young man opposite shook his head slightly and said with a smile.

"It's not the same. This beauty is really different. Not only is she more beautiful than the one I saw before, the most important thing is her temperament!"

The young man stared down without blinking and said with burning eyes!

"Huh?"

The young man beside him looked at him in surprise as he curiously looked down!

"Eh?"

When he saw Hu Yan 'er below, he was slightly stunned!

"It's indeed different!"

He narrowed his eyes slightly as his eyes flickered with a burning luster!

"Let's go down and get to know each other!"

The young man immediately stood up and walked down!

"Oh? Big Brother? Big Brother, I took a fancy to her first!"

The young man said with a bitter face and quickly followed!

The young men at the side looked at the two young masters with a shocked expression!

"This... What kind of woman can attract the attention of the two young masters of Eternal Twin Fox?"

They were slightly stunned and immediately stood up to follow behind!

"Damn it, I can't get in!"

At the same time, a vast figure flew out from a divine island at the position of the deity tomb of Fallen Immortal God Island. She let out a low growl with an embarrassed expression!

Her figure moved and floated in the void next to her!

"Lord God Lord!"

Seven or eight peak God realm experts immediately flew over respectfully from the side and shouted!

"Let's go back first!"

Double Fox god Lord's figure moved and transformed into a beautiful woman filled with majesty. She frowned and said with a somewhat unpleasant expression!

Her figure flickered and she flew directly toward double Fox continent!

"Double Fox god Lord has come out. She shouldn't have entered the main God Island!"

"I heard that before we arrived, there were already people who discovered this place. There were also people who entered, but they didn't enter the main God Island!"

There were at least one to two thousand deity realm experts in the surroundings. When they saw the Double Fox god Lord coming out, all of them were discussing in shock!

"Eh?"

In the sky above the double Fox continent, the Double Fox god Lord flew over with an unpleasant expression!

All of a sudden, she sensed a special aura. This aura caused the wood attribute fox tail behind her to move slightly!

This situation caused her to be slightly stunned. Her face was filled with astonishment!

"What treasure attracted me?"

Her mind moved, and her gaze looked down. When she saw the beautiful figure below, she sensed the aura on her body, and her eyes shot out an intense light!

"What a terrifying wood attribute energy, what is this? A powerful special wood attribute constitution, there is absolutely no mistake!"

"What a pure wood attribute, if nurtured, the lowest peak of the divine realm can even reach the eternal divine Lord Realm!"

Her eyes revealed a fiery expression!

"Hello, this beauty, I Am Divine Fox Night!"

Below, Hu Yan 'er's face was filled with astonishment as she looked at the few young men who had suddenly appeared in front of them, frowning slightly!

Beside them, Shui Qing Liu and Hu Dong Cheng were staring at the few people in front of them with displeasure!

But when they heard the name of that young man, they were slightly startled!

"Divine Fox Night?"

Shui Qing Liu's pupils constricted slightly as he muttered in a low voice!

"Hurry up and pay respects to our young master Ye!"

A young man beside him shouted indifferently!

"Shut up!"

However, just as that young man's words fell, divine fox night shouted at him lightly!

He looked at Hu Yan 'er with a smile on his face!

"I fell in love with you at first sight. I want to get to know you!"

Divine Fox night smiled and stretched out his hand. He spoke very frankly.

With his status, there was no need to beat around the bush!

"Boom!"

At this moment, a vast light enveloped this place!

Divine Fox Night, who had stretched out his hand, was slightly stunned!

Everyone immediately raised their heads and looked up!

"Young Lady, your talent is not bad. This god is willing to take you in as a disciple!"

At that moment, a voice sounded!

Hu Yan 'er saw that the people who appeared one after another were in a daze. When she saw the beautiful woman with two Fox Tails in the sky, she was slightly shocked. Following that, she could not help but widen her eyes!

"Greetings, Lord God!"

At the side, when the young men of Divine Fox night saw the beautiful woman in the sky, their bodies trembled. They immediately knelt down and greeted loudly!

"Greetings, Lord God Dual Fox!"

Shui Qingliu, Hu Dongcheng, Hu Dongyang, and the others also knelt on the ground with shocked faces and shouted loudly!

Only Hu Yan 'er stood there in a daze! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Follow me. I, dual Fox, have never taken in a disciple in my life. You are the first!"

Double Fox god Lord slightly waved his hands!

A ball of light enveloped Hu Yan er, making her fly to his side!