Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2187: 2187, he was not qualified

"Double fox... Double Fox god Lord!"

The sky above double Fox continent was surrounded by a ball of energy. Hu Yan 'er, who was standing beside Double Fox God Lord, was slightly absent-minded!

She looked at the god Lord in front of her with a face full of shock, and her voice trembled slightly!

"You can call me master in the future. Come with me!"

Double Fox God Lord looked at Hu Yan 'er in front of him with excitement, his face full of surprise!

Pleasant surprise, completely pleasant surprise!

This time, although she did not enter the Divine Tomb of the Fallen Immortal Island, she met a disciple with such a strong physique!

This was a good thing for the Eternal Double Fox!

"I. . ."

Hu Yan 'er looked at Double Fox Master in a daze, her mind was blank!

Double Fox master actually wanted to take her as a disciple!

This...

She couldn't believe it. This was the god Master!

"What? Lord god Master actually wants to take that girl in as a disciple!"

"Oh my God, Our Lord God Master Twin Fox actually wants to take that girl in as a disciple!"

"Hiss, God Master Twin Fox has never taken in a disciple. That Girl became Lord God Master's only disciple. This is a complete leap to the heavens!"

Below, everyone saw god Master Twin Fox kneeling respectfully on the ground. When they heard God Master Twin Fox's words, their faces were filled with shock.

They raised their heads and looked at Hu Yan 'er with envy and shock!

"The god Master actually wants to take in that girl as his disciple!"

God Fox night and the other eternal twin fox core disciples also revealed shocked expressions when they saw this scene!

They had never expected that the woman they wanted to strike up a conversation with would actually become the disciple of their lord god!

"This..."

The disciples of the Tiger God dynasty, the Frost Sky Divine sect, and the Fox Mark Divine clan were all looking at this scene in shock!

Hu Yan 'er had actually been taken in as a disciple by the Twin Fox God Lord. This was a complete leap to the heavens!

With that, the entire fox-pattern divine clan would become a famous divine clan in the entire endless star area!

The fox-pattern divine clan would rise quickly!

After all, this was the first disciple of the Double Fox god Lord!

"Let's Go!"

The Double Fox god Lord said to Hu Yan 'er with a smile on his face. His body moved, and he disappeared with her in an instant!

Everyone looked down in astonishment!

"That beauty is a member of your family?"

Seeing the god Lord Leave, God Fox night and the others slowly stood up and asked Shui Qingliu who was beside them!

"No, Young Master Ye, she is a member of the Fox Mark Divine Clan!"

Shui Qingliu hurriedly said. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Young Master Ye, she is my younger sister. We are from the Fox Mark Divine Clan!"

Hu Zhi was smiling from the side.

"Oh? Your biological younger sister? This brother, I am god Fox Night, the eternal double fox core disciple. Can this brother introduce your younger sister?"

Divine Fox night looked at Hu Zhi and said politely!

"I don't dare, I don't Dare!"

Hu Zhi had heard of divine fox night's name. Seeing her polite expression, he hurriedly said!

"My Sister's name is Hu Yan 'er. She is thirty years old this year. Her strength is at the peak of half a body!"

He continued to say!

At thirty years old, in the endless star field, it was too much to call her a young girl!

"Hu Yan 'er!"

Hu Ye muttered and remembered this name!

"Young Master Ye, Miss Hu Yan 'er already has a fiancé!"

At this moment, Princess Tian ran, who was standing at the side, suddenly said!

"Eh?"

Hu Ye's pupils slightly shrank as he looked at Hu Zhi!

"Young Master Ye, my sister already has a marriage contract. The reason why she can rise to the peak of half a body is also because of that brother-in-law of mine!"

Hu Zhi frowned slightly and quickly replied with a smile!

"Hehe, let's not talk about other things. This brother, Congratulations to your sister for being accepted as a disciple by the Lord God. In the future, one person will be able to control ten thousand people!"

"This brother, you should call your family over. I believe that very soon, our eternal twin Fox transformations will invite your friends from the Fox Mark Divine Clan!"

Divine Fox ye suddenly laughed loudly and said to Hu Zhi with a smile!

"Yes!"

Hu Zhi's face revealed an excited and excited expression as he immediately nodded!

The Fox Mark Celestial race would definitely rise in power after the Twin Fox god Lord took his sister as his disciple!

Hu Dongyang and the others were also filled with excitement!

The Divine Tiger God dynasty's Frost Sky Celestial sect looked on with envy. The Fox Mark Celestial race could be said to have reached the sky in one step!

"Brother Hu Zhi, let's go. We will immediately inform the seniors of the Fox Mark Celestial Race!"

Everyone left excitedly!

"She actually has a fiancé?"

Seeing Hu Zhi and the others leave, a young man next to Divine Fox night frowned slightly.

"To be chosen by the Lord God Lord and taken in as a disciple, her talent must be very terrifying. Who knows, she might be able to step into the eternal God Lord Realm in the future. That fiancé of hers is really lucky!"

The young man continued to say with slight displeasure!

"HMPH, that fiancé of his is not worthy of the disciple of the Double Fox Master God!"

God Fox Night said with a somewhat ugly expression. He looked in the direction of the center of the Double Fox continent and said, "Let's go back!"

"Yan 'er, right? Sit, don't be restrained!"

At this moment, in a room at the center of the Double Fox continent, the Double Fox Master God said to Hu Yan 'er with a smile on his face!

"It's Lord God Master!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded with a restrained expression!

"Don't be restrained. Just call me master from now on!"

"From now on, the Eternal Twin Fox will be your home!"

Twin Fox God master said with a smile on her face. With a wave of her arm, a cup of tea appeared in front of her!

"I... I haven't adapted to it yet!"

Hu Yan 'er said nervously!

"Hehe, it's fine, it's fine!"

Double Fox god Lord shook his head with a smile on his face and looked at her body. "With your current physique, I'm really regretful. If I had met you earlier, you would already be a top-tier expert!"

"But it's not too late now. Under my nurturing in the future, you have a very high chance of inheriting my mantle and inheriting the Eternal Double Fox!"

"In the past hundreds of thousands of years, you have the strongest physique that I have ever seen!"

The god of twin foxes was not stingy with his praise!

"Physique?"

Hu Yan 'er was stunned when she heard the god of Twin Foxes'words. She recalled the changes in her body!

However, she knew that the changes in her body were all due to brother Wang Xian.

It was only after brother Wang Xian gave her the fruit that her physique underwent such a huge change!

"My physique is because of brother Wang Xian. My strength was also improved by brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er said softly.

"Huh?"

The Double Fox god Lord was slightly stunned. A glimmer of light flashed in his eyes.

"It's extremely difficult to change one's physique. Unless there are heaven-defying treasures or the inheritance of a strong person, everyone's physique is fixed from birth!"

"Your physique should be hidden. It has been guided out. By the way, who is your brother Wang Xian to you?"

She asked Hu Yan 'er calmly!

"Brother Wang Xian is... Yan 'er's fiancé!"

Hu Yan 'er whispered with her face flushed red!

"Fiancé?"

The dual Fox God raised her eyebrows slightly as her eyes flickered!