Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2188: 2188. He was not qualified

"Yan 'er, these are some cultivation techniques and some information. Take a look here. I'll get someone to inform the members of the Fox Pattern Celestial race!"

"Yes, Master!"

As she watched the back of the Double Fox god Lord disappear, Hu Yan 'er looked at the information on the secret manual beside her and sized up her own body!

"My physique is obviously very ordinary. It was only improved after brother Wang Xian gave me that fruit. The fruit that brother Wang Xian gave me must be a powerful divine fruit!"

"This... It's better if I don't Tell Master!"

Hu Yan 'er looked ahead in a daze as she thought to herself!

Although it was a great opportunity for her to be taken in as a disciple by a god, in her opinion, brother Wang Xian was still more important. Some things had to be kept a secret!

Even if she was the disciple of the dual Fox God in the future!

"Men!"

The Master of twin foxes came to a large hall and shouted at the surroundings!

"Master of God, what are your orders?"

Soon, an elder walked in and greeted respectfully!

"Call the people from Yan Er's family over. Also, check some information about her, especially the situation of her fiancé!"

The Master of Twin Foxes instructed the elder!

"It's Lord God Master!"

The old man immediately nodded and walked out!

"She has a fiancé..."

Double Fox God master muttered and frowned slightly.

She had taken in a female disciple. As a woman, she knew girls very well!

If her disciple became an eternal God master in the future and her fiancé was the master, how could the eternal double Fox agree to it!

She took in a disciple so that the eternal twin foxes could continue to live on!

"But Yan 'er is still a virgin. It's easy to solve!"

Soon, the Twin Fox god Lord's brows relaxed and he murmured faintly!

"The Twin Fox god Lord has taken in a disciple. A girl from the Fox Mark Celestial race has been taken in as a personal disciple by the Twin Fox god Lord!"

"The Twin Fox god Lord's first disciple. Hiss, that girl called Hu Yan 'er has soared into the sky!"

"Now, the entire Fox Mark Celestial race has struck it rich. Double Fox god Lord's personal disciple!"

The news of Double Fox God Lord accepting a disciple quickly spread across the entire double Fox continent and spread in all directions!

Countless factions had already gathered around the fallen immortal God Island. This shocking news spread out at a terrifying speed!

Soon, all the factions in the Western Region received this news!

"What? Yan 'er has been taken in as a disciple by the dual Fox god Lord?"

However, at this moment, the Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger Dynasty's group of deity realm experts looked at Hu Zhi and the other youths in shock!

"Yes, father, First Elder, my lords. Yan 'er has been taken away by the dual Fox god Lord. Presumably, the eternal dual fox experts will come and inform us soon!"

Hu Zhi nodded excitedly.

Hu Dongyang and Hu Dongcheng's disciples also nodded heavily!

"Good, good. My daughter has been taken in as a disciple by the god Master. Haha, Good, Good!"

"Good! Our disciples of the Fox Mark Celestial race have been taken in as personal disciples by the god Master. Our Fox Mark Celestial race is going to rise up!"

Hu Fei and the experts of the Hu Wen Celestial race also revealed excited expressions.

They knew what it meant for Hu Yan 'er to be taken in as a disciple by the Lord God!

"Congratulations, Congratulations, congratulations to the Hu Wen Celestial race!"

The gods of the Divine Tiger Dynasty said with envious expressions!

"I'll go inform the Tiger Emperor and the Empress right away!"

A Lord of the Divine Tiger Dynasty immediately said!

The Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger dynasty were like branches. If Hu Yan 'er was taken in as a disciple by the god Lord, the Divine Tiger Dynasty would also be able to obtain some benefits!

Moreover, at this time, with such a major matter, he had to immediately inform the Tiger Emperor and the Empress. He believed that they would rush over as quickly as possible!

"Whoosh!"

At this time, five eternal double fox experts flew over. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Each of the five elders was at the peak of the godly state.

They knew what it meant for the eternal god Lord to take in disciples!

It meant that Hu Yan 'er might be the future successor of the eternal twin foxes!

They were naturally very cautious when facing Hu Yan 'er's clansmen!

"You should be friends of the fox-pattern divine clan, right?"

A peak of the godly state expert flew over and cupped his hands towards the fox-pattern divine clan with a smile on his face!

"Sir, we are!"

The fox-patterned God clan and the Divine Tiger God dynasty looked at the five old men's clothes and sensed their power. They quickly responded respectfully!

"Haha, there's no need to be so polite. Congratulations to the fox-patterned God clan's disciple for becoming the personal disciple of our Lord Double Fox God Lord. Our Lord God Lord invites all of you to be his guests!"

The five peak God realm elders said politely!

The God realm experts of the fox-patterned God clan and the Divine Tiger dynasty were all excited when they saw this scene!

"Thank you, SIRS, for coming to report this. This is our fox-patterned God clan's honor!"

The first elder of the fox-patterned God clan hurriedly said!

"Alright, let's Go!"

The five peak God realm experts nodded and led them toward the Double Fox continent!

When the surrounding factions saw this scene, they looked at the members of the fox-patterned celestial race with envy!

Wang Xian, who was located at the eastern side of the Fallen Immortal Island, did not know that due to the change in Hu Yan 'er's physique, a master God had taken her in as his personal disciple!

He stood on a meteorite and looked at the group of Dragon Guards in front of him with a smile on his face!

There were over 2,000 Dragon Guards. The Fallen Dragon Guards were being revived!

Among the 2,000 dragon guards in front of him, there were 30 who had ignited the divine fire, and 50 who had reached the peak of the demigod realm and had the combat strength of the God realm!

That was to say, there were about 80 dragon guards who had the combat strength of the God realm!

Basically, all the dragon guards had risen by a level!

Ao Jian now had the combat strength of the peak of the God realm. Together with Ao Qitian and Ao Qi, there were eight peak of the God realm in the Dragon Palace. One of them was an ardent dark demon dragon that was infinitely close to the god Lord Realm!

Furthermore, Ao he was ao he who was fighting against the Eternal Divine Lord!

"After we return this time, bring ao he back with us. Then, we will go to the eternal thunderclap. It would be best if we can kill him!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

"Ao Jian, wait for Ao he to come out. You guys will meet up with him first!"

Wang Xian instructed ao he who was beside him!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao crab nodded his head!

Wang Xian nodded his head. Then, his body moved and he flew towards the west!

He left one after another. Hu Yan 'er thought that he was going to leave. It had been a few hours. It was time for him to go back and take a look!

When he thought of Hu Yan 'er, Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face!

"Eh?"

When Wang Xian arrived at the meteorite, he realized that there was no one else on it. He was stunned for a moment. Then, he frowned slowly and looked around!

"TSK TSK, that woman from the fox-patterned celestial race is really lucky. She was actually taken in as a personal disciple by the master of Double Fox Celestial Race!"

"The Master of Double Fox Celestial race must have taken a liking to Hu Yan 'er's talent. Otherwise, he wouldn't have taken her in as his disciple for no reason!"

At this moment, there were faint discussions coming from the surroundings!

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows!