Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2189: 2189. He was not qualified to accept it

"The master of Double Fox has taken Yan 'er as his disciple?"

Wang Xian listened to the faint voices around him and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"With Yan 'er's current talent, it might not be impossible for the Master of Fox to take her as his disciple!"

He mumbled to himself!

After consuming the fruit of the womb, coupled with the nurturing of the ancestral tree, her potential and talent had reached a terrifying level!

This was a good thing!

Buzz Buzz

At this moment, the communication stone on his body trembled. When Wang Xian saw the information on it, a smile appeared on his face!

It was Hu Yan 'er who sent him a message telling him that she was on the twin Fox continent and that she wanted him to look for her here!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at the Twin Fox continent in front of him. His body moved and he flew up!

After entering the twin Fox continent, Wang Xian looked at the center and walked straight towards it!

In the center of the continent, there was an incomparably majestic hall. In the sky above the central hall, there was a double-tailed divine fox statue!

This was the statue of the eternal twin foxes!

The eternal twin foxes possessed the bloodline of the twin-tailed divine fox. This was an extremely high-level bloodline!

The disciples of the eternal twin foxes could choose to cultivate the wood or fire attributes. The improvement speed was extremely fast!

The current divine master of the twin foxes had cultivated both the wood and fire attributes at the same time. He had broken through the limitations of his bloodline and reached the realm of the Eternal Divine Master!

However, throughout history, only the divine master of the twin foxes had cultivated two attributes and reached the realm of the Divine Master!

"Stop! Outsiders are prohibited from entering the Divine Fox Hall!"

When Wang Xian arrived at the entrance of the hall, the guards at the entrance stared at him coldly!

"My apologies, both of you. This is a member of the Fox Pattern Celestial race!"

At this moment, Hu Zhi walked into the main hall with a smile on his face!

"So you are a brother of the fox pattern celestial race. Please come in, please come in!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When the two guards at the entrance saw Hu Zhi, they immediately said with a smile on their faces!

By now, everyone in the dual Fox Celestial race knew that their master had taken in a disciple!

As the only disciple of the master of the dual Fox Celestial race, they would definitely become the nobles of the eternal dual Fox Celestial race in the future. Naturally, they had to be careful!

"Brother-in-law, come, come!"

Hu Zhi rushed forward and greeted Wang Xian enthusiastically!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked over with a smile on his face!

"Brother-in-law, did you know that the Master of the dual Fox Celestial race has taken in Yan Er as his disciple? Her only disciple!"

"Let's go, let's go to the main hall now. I reckon that master dual Fox will receive US personally in a while!"

Hu Zhi was obviously very excited as he spoke to Wang Xian and brought him inside!

"It's Yan Er's good fortune to be able to become master dual Fox's disciple!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Brother-in-law, Yan ER has become master dual Fox's disciple. In the future, no one will dare to offend you in the Western Region!"

"Hehe, recently, Yan 'er was worried that she wasn't good enough for you. Now, there's no need to worry!"

"How about it, brother-in-law? I know that your identity is mysterious, but my sister isn't bad either!"

Hu Zhi said to Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

"You and Yan 'er saved my life back then. There's no such thing as an identity!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Hehe, let's Go!"

Hu Zhi didn't say too much. He knew that his sister liked the young man in front of her.

Hu Zhi was 100% satisfied with Wang Xian!

The two of them soon arrived at a large hall!

At this moment, a group of godly state experts from the Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger dynasty were sitting in the hall. A group of disciples were standing at the side!

Four people were sitting in the middle!

Hu Fei, Hu Yan 'er's grandfather!

On the other side was a graceful and elegant woman, a middle-aged man with a dignified face!

These two people were the current Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty!

The Empress was a member of the Hu Wen Celestial race, and at the same time, she was the strongest expert of the Hu Wen Celestial race!

After they received Hu Yan 'er as a disciple of the dual Fox god Lord, they immediately gave up all their matters and rushed over in just half an hour!

At this moment, Hu Yan 'er stood in front of the four of them!

Regardless of whether it was Hu Fei or Hu Yan 'er's grandfather, their faces were filled with gratified and happy smiles!

The Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty looked at Hu Yan 'er with smiles on their faces!

"Yan 'er, this emperor has decided to confer you the title of Princess Changtian of the Divine Tiger dynasty. You can mobilize all the armies of the Divine Tiger dynasty. In this divine dynasty, wherever you go, I will personally come!"

The Tiger Emperor of the Divine Tiger dynasty waved his hand and directly conferred the title to Hu Yan 'er!

"Thank You, Your Majesty!"

Hu Yan 'er hurriedly expressed her gratitude!

This right to confer the title was almost a disguised declaration of a second emperor!

However, the Tiger Emperor also knew that in the future, Hu Yan 'er's right, even if she did not confer the title of Princess Changtian, could still cover the sky of the Divine Tiger Dynasty with one hand!

In fact, she could even cover the sky of the entire Western Region in the future!

"Haha, Yan 'er is really beautiful. Foster mother doesn't have anything good, so I'll accept a small gift. This is something that our Fox Mark God clan's old patriarch personally passed down to foster mother. Now, foster mother will pass it down to you!"

The empress smiled as she took out a precious divine artifact and placed it in Hu Yan 'er's hand!

"Thank you, foster mother!"

Hu Yan er lowered her head and said hurriedly.

She didn't expect her status to change so quickly!

Even the strongest expert of her celestial race, the Tiger Emperor of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, was trying to curry favor with her!

"Sister, brother-in-law is here!"

Hu Zhi, who had just walked in, saw this scene. His face was filled with pride as he spoke to Hu Yan er!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er immediately turned her head. When she saw Wang Xian, her face was filled with joy!

She immediately ran towards Wang Xian!

"Huh?"

When the Tiger Emperor and Empress saw this scene, they raised their eyebrows slightly!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er ran over with a smile on her face!

"Congratulations, you have been accepted as a disciple by the dual Fox God!"

Wang Xian congratulated her with a smile on his face!

"All of this is because of brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er said softly!

"That is also your opportunity!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Xiao Xian!"

Hu Fei and Hu Yan 'er's grandfather saw him walking over and greeted him in a good mood!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

"Welcome, all of you from the Fox Mark Celestial race to our eternal dual foxes!"

At this moment, a voice came from outside as people walked over one by one!

The Tiger Emperor and the Empress who were sitting in the center looked at the people who came over with shocked expressions. They quickly stood up to welcome them!

"Hahaha, everyone, don't be restrained. We will be a family from now on!"

An expert at the peak of the eternal twin-tailed divine realm looked at the entire hall and said with a smile.

The eyes of the over 30 people who came swept across everyone in the hall and landed on Hu Yan 'er!

When some of the young disciples and even middle-aged men saw Hu Yan 'er's face and temperament, a hint of astonishment appeared on their faces!

"That guy should be Hu Yan 'er's fiancé!"

Shen Hu Ye and the rest of the young men followed behind. One of the young men looked at Hu Yan 'er who was standing beside Wang Xian with a flushed face and said softly to Shen Hu Ye!

"HMPH, Him? He is not qualified yet. He is not worthy!"

A hint of jealousy flashed across Hu Yan 'er's eyes as she said coldly!