Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2190: Assassinate 2190

"Whether she is worthy or not is not up to us. She is the only disciple of our Lord God Lord. In the future, her status will be even higher than ours!"

A young man glanced at Divine Fox night and said indifferently!

"If I say she is not worthy, then she is not worthy!"

Divine Fox night heard a young man's retort and looked at him coldly!

The young man opened his mouth but didn't dare to say anything!

"Don't talk nonsense!"

The few of them whispered to each other, causing an old man in front to turn his head and remind him indifferently!

The core disciples of the eternal twin foxes quickly shut their mouths!

"Little Ye, do you like this disciple of the god Lord?"

The old man looked at Divine Fox night and transmitted his voice!

"Oh?"

Divine Fox night was slightly stunned. He looked at the old man and immediately lowered his head. "Great-grandfather, I..." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Hehe!"

The old man smiled and did not speak!

Shenhu ye slowly raised his head. His eyes were shining. When he looked at Hu Yan 'er, he was filled with a strong desire!

Once he could obtain her, he would be able to control her beauty and power!

"Haha, this is Miss Hu Yan 'er, right? Congratulations, Congratulations. In the future, you will be the young princess of our eternal twin foxes!"

Seven or eight peak divine realm experts directly bowed to Hu Yan 'er and said with a smile!

"I don't dare, I don't dare. My Lords, you don't have to be so polite!"

Hu Yan 'er saw that they were so respectful and hurriedly said!

"Hehe, Miss Hu Yan 'er, we are the elder group of the eternal twin foxes. If you have any needs in the future, you can directly tell us!"

"We will definitely settle it for you!"

They shook their heads and said with a trace of respect!

"Yes, yes. Thank you. Thank you, Grandfathers!"

Hu Yan 'er replied politely!

When the people from the Fox Mark Divine clan and the Divine Tiger dynasty saw the eternal twin foxes treating Hu Yan 'er so respectfully, their faces were filled with smiles!

Buzz

At this moment, a figure appeared out of thin air in the middle of the Hall!

"HMM?"

"Greetings, Master Double Fox!"

When the crowd saw this, they immediately got ready to kneel down!

"There's no need!"

Master double Fox waved her arm and a surge of energy stopped them!

She looked at Hu Yan 'er with a smile on her face. When she swept her gaze past Wang Xian, her eyes flickered slightly!

"Four wisps of divine fire, it's indeed outstanding!"

She thought to herself.

"Please greet the Friends of the fox-patterned celestial race and the Divine Tiger dynasty and introduce some information to Yan 'er!"

"This must be Yan 'er's father and grandfather. Let me have a chat with the two of you and thank you for gifting such outstanding disciples to me!"

The Double Fox God master looked at Hu Fei and the rest with a smile on his face!

"I dare not, I dare not. My Lord Divine Master, our patriarch and Tiger Emperor..."

"Let's go together!"

Double Fox divine master said as he walked straight towards the back of the main hall!

Tiger Emperor, Empress, and Hu Fei, Hu Yan 'er's grandfather hurriedly followed behind!

Eight peak-stage eternal double Fox divine realm experts also followed behind and entered!

"Sit!"

Double Fox divine master entered and gestured to them!

Tiger Emperor Empress Hu Fei and the others sat at the side with faces full of excitement and caution!

"Yan 'er's characteristics are very strong. She is the most outstanding person I have ever seen. In the future, she is very likely to inherit my mantle!"

Double Fox God Lord sat at the center and said directly!

"Yan 'er is able to take you, Double Fox god Lord as her master. This is her good fortune. Thank you, Lord God Lord, for taking my daughter as a disciple!"

Hu Fei immediately stood up and said respectfully!

"Hehe!"

Double Fox god Lord waved his hand. "This is also my honor. Your Fox pattern race can directly join our eternal twin foxes in the future. I will definitely not mistreat you!"

"If you have any difficulties in the future, just come to them directly!"

"Thank you, God Lord!"

Empress Hu Fei and the others trembled as they hurriedly thanked him!

"We are all a family. It is you who gave me a good disciple!"

Double Fox God Lord said indifferently!

"In the future, Yan 'er will cultivate with me. I am not very clear about some things about Yan 'er. I only know that she has a fiancé. Is that right?"

Double Fox god Lord opened his mouth and asked!

"Oh? It is the Lord God Lord. Yan 'er has a fiancé. The reason why Yan 'er can reach her current strength is because of her fiancé!"

Hu Fei frowned without leaving a trace as he replied!

"Hehe, that should be because he used a special method to open Yan 'er's hidden physique!"

"Yan 'er's physique is heaven-defying. In the future, she will cultivate with me and inherit my eternal twin foxes!"

The Twin Fox God Lord said faintly!

"This..."

Hu Fei was slightly stunned when he heard her words. He did not understand what she meant!

"Hu Fei, didn't you say that Yan 'er's engagement with that Wang Xian was merely a temporary measure? It was because the ancient orchid divine sect broke off their engagement!"

A glint flashed across the Empress's eyes as she immediately asked Hu Fei!

"There is such a thing, but..."

Hu Fei nodded his head!

"In the future, Yan 'er will focus on her cultivation with the Lord God. Let's put aside some of her personal feelings for now. It's just a temporary measure anyway. Let's just forget about it!"

Hu Fei did not say anything. The empress directly interrupted him!

"That's right. I think Yan 'er's marriage will be discussed in the future."

The Tiger Emperor also directly opened his mouth and said!

Hu Fei did not understand what the dual Fox god Lord meant. However, as the emperor and the Empress who was the mother of the world, they had already heard a trace of it!

Thinking about it, it made sense. The successor chosen by the Dual Fox god Lord was to inherit the eternal dual Fox!

However, if he were to marry an outsider, what would happen in the future?

They could not guarantee this. It was obvious that the Double Fox God Lord wanted to kill all accidents!

"This... Yan 'er has a good impression of Wang Xian now. I'm afraid that Yan 'er..."

Hu Fei frowned slightly!

"It's alright. It's still early. Let's not talk about this for now!"

The Double Fox god Lord said indifferently. He changed the topic and started to talk about other things!

After chatting for about five minutes, Hu Fei and the others left, and a few peak divine realm experts of eternal double fox followed them!

"Little Hu, what's the matter?"

Double Fox god Lord saw that an old man didn't leave. He stood there hesitantly and asked indifferently!

"Grandma, about Yan 'ER's matter, Little Hu has some opinions!"

The old man said respectfully to Double Fox God Lord!

"Speak!"

Double Fox god Lord lightly nodded!

"Grandma, Little Pot thinks that if Grandma wants to pass the eternal double Fox inheritance to Yan 'er, then it's best for her to marry into our eternal double Fox!"

The old man respectfully said!

"It's not that I want to pass the eternal double Fox inheritance to her, but other than her having the greatest possibility of advancing to God Lord, the other disciples are too small!"

The Twin Fox God Lord said!

"Little Pot knows that right now, the most talented Xiao Ye has a one in ten chance of reaching your level. I think..."

"Let's settle the matter of Yan 'er's fiancé first before we talk about anything else. I'll leave this matter to you. Remember, Yan 'er is my disciple. She might inherit the eternal twin foxes in the future!"

The Twin Fox god Lord interrupted him, waved his hand at him, and ordered him to retreat!

The old man bowed and immediately retreated!

He naturally understood his grandmother's meaning. He could use any method, but he could not let Hu Yan er bear a grudge against the eternal double Fox!

"This is very simple!"

The old man muttered!