Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2191: 2191 assassination

"Yan 'er, Twin Fox god Lord said that he will hold a master's ceremony here in five days. At that time, he will invite all the major powers to witness it!"

Hu Fei and Tiger Emperor walked out from the room behind the main hall and walked towards Hu Yan 'er with smiles on their faces.

"Master's ceremony? En en!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded her head!

An eternal God Lord accepting a disciple, such a major event would naturally be announced to the world!

If the ceremony was held at this place, it might not only be the arrival of the forces from the Western Region, but also some forces from the central region.

In fact, the other masters might even give face to the double fox master and come to watch the ceremony!

Five days later, it would definitely be a huge event!

"When the time comes, Yan 'er will become the princess of the entire eternal double Fox!"

Wang Xian said with a faint smile!

"I'm not a Princess!"

Hu Yan 'er said to him with a smile.

"Everyone from the Foxes God clan, we will get someone to bring you to the place where you will be staying."

"As this continent is only temporary, there is no place to stay in the main hall for the time being. It will be tough for everyone to stay by the side of the main hall!"

The last old man who walked out looked at all of them and walked over to apologize!

"It's alright, it's Alright!"

Tiger Emperor and the others hurriedly replied!

"Old Seven, bring them to take a look. Little Princess Hu Yan 'er, I'll find someone to teach you some of our eternal twin foxes'etiquette and rules in the next few days!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Little Princess, don't go out for the next few days. Everyone from the Fox Mark Divine clan can come and see her!"

The old man continued to add!

"Alright!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded at him!

"Old seven, take them to familiarize themselves with the place. We'll have dinner together tonight!"

The old man said to a peak deity realm expert!

"Alright, everyone, follow me!"

That expert gestured to them and led them out!

Hu Yan 'er also followed!

"Little Ye!"

Seeing them leave, the old man looked at Divine Fox night and shouted at him!

He walked out!

"Great-grandfather, what orders do you have?"

Divine Fox night followed behind with a puzzled expression!

"Hu Yan 'er is not bad. She might inherit our eternal twin foxes in the future. Your Talent can be considered the most outstanding of our eternal twin foxes in the past 100,000 years!"

"You should interact more with Hu Yan 'er!"

The old man looked at him and said faintly!

"Oh?"

Divine Fox night was slightly stunned. He was naturally very willing to interact more with Hu Yan 'er.

However, just like earlier, when he went over to chat with her, Hu Yan 'er completely ignored him. She merely gave a few words of agreement before talking to the youth beside her!

"She might inherit the eternal twin foxes. Our eternal twin foxes naturally would not agree to let her marry an outsider!"

The old man looked at him and continued speaking!

"Oh?"

Divine Fox Night's eyes flickered!

Even if Hu Yan 'er had the slightest chance of inheriting the eternal twin foxes, they, and even the Lord God Lord, would not agree to her marrying an outsider!

Only by marrying the eternal twin foxes would she be considered one of them!

He suddenly raised his head, and a fiery look appeared in his eyes!

"But... grandfather, she already has a fiancé now!"

Divine Fox night said in a low voice.

"I'll leave this matter to you. Remember, you can't let Hu Yan 'er know, or else you'll know the consequences!"

The old man said to him!

Divine Fox Night's body paused, and light shot out from his eyes!

"Grandfather, in recent years, a powerful assassin organization has appeared in the Central Region!"

His face revealed a trace of excitement as he said in a low voice!

"EN, remember, you can't let Hu Yan 'er know!"

The old man reminded once again!

"Don't worry, great-grandfather, there won't be any problems!"

Divine Fox Night said with a face full of confidence.

"This is some information about that young man!"

The old man nodded, passed a few pieces of paper to him, and walked straight ahead.

After receiving the paper, Shenhu ye paused for a moment and read the contents. Then, he returned to the main hall and gestured to a young man!

"Big Brother!"

The young man walked over and shouted at him with a smile on his face!

"Last time, you mentioned that there is a powerful assassin organization in the Central Region. Is it reliable? Contact the target, Hu Yan 'er's fiancé, Wang Xian!"

Godly Fox night said to him coldly.

"What?"

The young man was slightly stunned. He looked at him with a face full of shock!

"That young man's identity is very mysterious. Even our eternal twin foxes have yet to find any information about him. Hu Yan 'er and the fox-patterned celestial race do not know his identity!"

"It doesn't matter if such a person dies. Even so, don't leave any traces behind!"

Godly Fox night said faintly.

They didn't manage to find any information about Wang Xian within a short period of time. However, they didn't care how mysterious he was as long as Hu Yan er didn't know about it!

"Big Brother, are we really going to make a move? That assassin organization is very reliable. There's no one that they wouldn't dare to kill. Many of the nine wisps of divine fire gods were assassinated. Killing that guy is a piece of cake!"

The youth's eyes flickered as he spoke!

"Contact them!"

Divine Fox Night said indifferently!

"Alright, I'll contact them right away. I estimate that we'll be able to kill them within two to three days!"

The youth nodded!

"En!"

Divine Fox night nodded!

Since his grandfather was so cautious, he naturally had to get rid of everything. He could rest assured that if anything happened, he would be able to withstand it for him!

"Hu Yan 'er!"

At the thought of Hu Yan 'er's appearance, a fiery expression appeared on his face!

"This is the place where everyone will temporarily stay!"

Outside the main hall, the two eternal foxes brought them to their residence and spoke to them one by one!

"I'll have to trouble you, Elder!"

The Tiger Emperor and the rest said hurriedly!

"It's no trouble. Take a look around. Someone will come to fetch everyone tonight!"

The old man shook his head and turned around to leave!

"Brother Wang Xian, let me take a look at your residence!"

Hu Yan er pulled Wang Xian towards the courtyard at the side.

The small courtyard gave them a familiar feeling!

"Hu Fei, Hu Yaoguang, let's talk together!"

At the side, the Tiger Emperor and Empress called out to Hu Fei and Hu Yan Er's grandfather!

"Yes, your majesty. Empress, what's the matter?"

The two of them walked over immediately!

"Let's talk inside!"

The Tiger Emperor looked at the backs of Hu Yan 'er and Wang Xian and said to them.

"Okay!"

Hu Fei and her father exchanged a glance and walked inside!

"Hu Fei, do you understand what master dual Fox means today?"

The four of them sat in the room while the Empress looked at them and said!

"Dual Fox god Lord doesn't seem to want Yan 'er to have a fiancé!"

Hu Yaoguang frowned and said indifferently!

"It's not that he doesn't want a fiancé, but he doesn't want a fiancé outside. After all, Yan 'er might inherit the eternal dual Fox!"

"Dual Fox god Lord naturally wants Hu Yan 'er to be one of us, not just a disciple!"

The Empress's eyes flickered as she said.