Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2192: Under 2192’s assassination attempt

"How could a mighty eternal double fox, the god of double foxes, be inherited by an outsider!"

"Yan 'er's current fiancé is an outsider!"

The Tiger Emperor looked at Hu Fei, Hu Yaoguang, and the rest and added!

"Then we..."

Hu Fei opened her mouth, not knowing what to say!

"Yan 'er and that young man were originally a temporary solution. Let's find a time to talk about it and tell him to stay away from Yan 'er in the future!"

The Empress said faintly!

"But Yan 'er seems to have a good impression of Wang Xian now!"

Hu Fei frowned and said!

"Yan 'er is still young and insensible. For Yan 'ER's future, we should make a decision for him!"

The Tiger Emperor said from the side!

"Besides, although the dual Fox divine master didn't mention anything about Yan 'er's future, we should think about it!"

"Yan 'er's marriage to the eternal double fox is the best choice now. I think Yan 'er is quite sensible. As elders, we can arrange a marriage for him!"

The Empress continued to add on!

"This..."

Hu Fei and her father looked at each other. Their expressions changed!

They were more satisfied with Wang Xian from the bottom of their hearts. Furthermore, the fact that Yan 'er was taken in as a disciple by the Double Fox god Lord had a lot to do with Wang Xian!

If they were to do such a thing at this time, it would be a little unreasonable!

"Should we... Should we seek Yan 'er's opinion?"

Hu Fei hesitated for a moment before speaking!

The Tiger Emperor and the empress frowned slightly and fell into deep thought!

"This matter can be postponed. However, Yan 'er will be taking on the Double Fox Celestial Master in five days. We have to do one thing!"

"That is to announce that Yan 'er's engagement with that Wang Xian is only a temporary measure!"

"Yan 'er is his savior anyway. We are also thinking of Yan 'ER's future. We will do the rest!"

The Empress said directly!

Hu Fei and Hu Yaoguang could not refute. They could only nod their heads!

At night, the people from the eternal double Fox came to pick them up for dinner.

In a palace located in the center of the palace, the experts from the eternal twin foxes and the members of the Fox Mark Celestial race were having dinner together!

As the female lead, Hu Yan 'er was the center of everyone's attention!

Wang Xian sat beside Hu Yan 'er. From time to time, he could feel the cold gazes coming from the opposite side!

He looked over and saw a few young men staring at him. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Yan 'er, it seems that you are quite charming. Look, I feel that there are a few murderous gazes staring at me!"

Wang Xian said to Hu Yan 'er who was beside him with a smile.

"No, it's probably because brother Wang Xian is more handsome!"

Hu Yan 'er's face was filled with joy as she said with a blushing face!

"Haha, Is That So?"

He said with a smile!

On the opposite side, Divine Fox night clenched his fists tightly when he saw their friendly looks!

"You won't be able to be happy for long!"

Divine Fox night growled in a low voice!

After three rounds of drinking, everything was in harmony!

With Hu Yan 'er around, no one dared to show any disrespect to Wang Xian!

After waving goodbye to Hu Yan 'er, Wang Xian and the rest of the Hu Wen Celestial race walked out!

"Little brother Wang Xian!"

At this moment, a voice came from the side!

Wang Xian looked over and saw the Tiger Emperor and the Empress walking towards him with smiles on their faces. Both of them walked to both sides of him!

"What's the matter?"

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat as he looked at them!

"Let's get straight to the point then!"

The Tiger Emperor looked at him indifferently. "Your engagement with Yan 'er was originally a temporary measure. It was just a Temporary Act!"

"Now that Yan 'er has been taken in as a disciple by the dual Fox Celestial Master, she might inherit the eternal dual foxes in the future. For the sake of Yan 'er's future and to prevent her from being distracted, let's forget about our relationship back then!"

As he spoke, he took out a treasure and handed it to Wang Xian. "This is a pretty good divine weapon. Take it!"

"No Need!"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he narrowed his eyes slightly and shook his head lightly!

"Young man, now that Yan 'er has become the disciple of the Double Fox God, you should know the difference between you and her. Don't be too greedy!"

The empress frowned slightly when she saw Wang Xian's rejection!

"You don't have to interfere in my matters!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and said calmly!

"HMPH, young man, you have to recognize your identity. How mysterious is your identity? How strong can you be? Are you worthy of Yan 'er?"

The Empress said coldly when she heard his words!

Wang Xian smiled faintly and glanced at Hu Fei and the rest who were behind him. He saw that Hu Fei was frowning and his eyes were flickering!

He walked straight to his own courtyard!

"HMPH, you don't know when to advance or retreat!"

The tiger monarch looked at his figure and said coldly!

"He is a toad that wants to eat swan meat!"

The Empress's gaze was cold!

"He actually told me to stay away from Yan 'er. Yan 'er should not know about this!"

Wang Xian returned to the courtyard and frowned slightly!

"Leader, we have received a huge mission. The other party wants you to do it personally. Their reward is very generous!"

At this moment, in a bustling city in the central Starfield, a white figure stood in front of a black and white figure in an unusually ordinary restaurant and spoke respectfully!

"Oh? What is the opponent's strength?"

The black-and-white figure asked indifferently!

"A young man's strength should have ignited the divine fire!"

The white figure reported!

"Oh? Such a simple task requires me to do it personally. It seems to be special!"

The black-and-white figure was slightly surprised!

"The opponent requests to assassinate the opponent within 48 hours. The opponent is currently on the Twin Fox continent of the Fallen Immortal God Island. The opponent has provided the specific location!"

The White Shadow continued to speak!

"It seems that it might be an elite disciple of the eternal twin foxes. Take it!"

The black and White Shadow said directly. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Even if the other party might be the core disciple of the eternal twin foxes, they were not afraid at all!

Other assassin organizations might be afraid of the eternal God Lord's forces, but they were fearless!

As an assassin organization that had risen in the past two years, although they had only been established for a very short time, their fame had spread throughout the endless star field.

All the experts below the peak of the God realm were terrified of them?

Once, a proud son of Heaven of the Eternal Seven Stars in the central area had died at their hands!

So what? They didn't even know who had killed him!

"It's the leader!"

The white shadow nodded immediately!

Soon, the information of the assassins was sent over. There was a simple portrait and introduction on it!

The other party had appointed the strongest person in their assassin organization to take action. As a credit, their leader would personally take action!

The white shadow handed the information to the black and White Shadow!

"Huh?"

When the black and white shadow saw the information on it, he suddenly stood up. A terrifying murderous aura condensed in the air!

"He actually wants to harm the Dragon King. Very good, very good!"

The black and white light revolved around his body and a cold pupil slowly appeared!

"Stop all the missions immediately and find the person who issued this mission. All the members of the strange monster, follow me to the Fallen Immortal God Island!"

"If you want to harm the Dragon King, Kill Without Mercy!"