Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2193: 2193 dragon spike

The dragon Spike Assassin Organization, the assassin organization that had risen up in the central region in the past two years!

The rise of the dragon spike was built on the corpses!

Since its establishment, it had only accepted missions with nine wisps of divine fire wrapped around the nine wisps of divine fire and below. It had never lost!

The nine wisps of divine fire experts that had died at the hands of the dragon Spike assassin organization had reached seven or eight!

Sixty or seventy gods had died at the hands of the Dragon Assassin Group!

None of them had lost!

The appearance of the Dragon Assassin Group had terrified many forces!

Some big forces wanted to destroy the dragon assassin group, but all the disciples under the peak of the godly state had been assassinated!

Since then, the Dragon Assassin Group had become famous throughout the boundless star area!

Many people in other regions had heard of the Dragon Assassin Group!

The leader of the Dragon Assassin Group, Ao Yao!

Three years ago, Ao Yao had led strange demon out of the Dragon Palace to explore the world. Three years had passed since then, and he had made his current announcement!

Today, when he received news that someone was going to assassinate their Dragon King, Ao Yao's heart was filled with killing intent!

In one night, more than two thousand members of the Dragon Assassin Group had gathered. Under Ao Yao's lead, they flew towards the Fallen Immortal Island!

At the same time, Ao Yao used all the strength of the dragon assassin organization to investigate the person who issued the mission!

The person who issued the mission had to contact the dragon assassin organization. They had to pay a deposit when they issued the mission. They had to come into contact with the dragon assassin organization!

Once they came into contact with the Dragon Assassin Organization, the Dragon Assassin organization would be able to find clues and find the person who issued the mission!

Although this went against the core of the assassin organization, would the dragon assassin organization be concerned about this?

Since he dared to harm their dragon king, he was destined to die!

The night passed quickly. Early in the morning, Wang Xian came to the courtyard and brewed a cup of tea.

A few days ago, Hu Yan 'er had already run over!

Thinking of Hu Yan 'er, Wang Xian smiled faintly!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian sensed a familiar aura coming!

"Dragon King!"

He turned around and saw Ao yao kneeling by the side. She was shouting respectfully!

"Oh? Ao Yao, why are you here?"

Wang Xian looked at him in surprise!

"Dragon King, all the disciples of our strange demon clan have arrived. Three years ago, our strange demon clan left the Dragon Palace and established an assassin organization in the Central Region!"

"Now, our dragon assassin organization is well-known. Yesterday, we received a mission to assassinate the Dragon King. Hence, Ao Yao brought her men and rushed over immediately!"

Ao Yao reported to Wang Xian!

"Assassination mission?"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment and squinted his eyes slightly!

"We are investigating the sender of the mission. We should have the results today!"

Ao Yao reported!

"Alright, let's wait then. Where are the other members of the Strange Demon Now?"

Wang Xian asked him!

"I can sense the aura of the other members of the Dragon Palace. The strange demon is currently with Ao Jian and the rest!"

Ao Yao said!

"Come, Let's go. Bring all your resources and go to the Dragon Palace to Increase Your Strength!"

Wang Xian said to him. His body moved and he flew out directly!

Ao Yao immediately followed behind him!

Soon, the two of them arrived on the meteorite!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The group of strange demons immediately knelt in front and shouted loudly!

"Get Up!"

Wang Xian waved his hand and swept his gaze across all the members of the strange demons!

Their improvement was generally higher than that of the Dragon Guards. Coupled with the resources in their hands, their overall strength should be much stronger than the Dragon Guards!

Buzz

His body shook and the Dragon Palace appeared faintly behind him!

"Ao Yao, Increase Your combat strength to the peak of the Godly State!"

Wang Xian instructed ao Yao!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao nodded and led all the strange demons into the Dragon Palace!

As the famous dragon assassin organization, the resources they obtained were definitely not something the dragon guards could compare to!

However, most of the members of the Dragon Guards had improved their heartless sword principle. Even if the overall strength of the strange demons was higher than theirs, it was not much higher!

"I wonder who would want to assassinate me. The Tiger Emperor and Empress from yesterday? Or is it someone from the eternal twin foxes?"

Wang Xian stood on the meteorite with a cold glint in his eyes!

"Eh? where is brother Wang Xian? Brother, why isn't brother Wang Xian here?"

At this moment, in the main hall at the center of the twin foxes continent, Hu Yan 'er swept her gaze across the surroundings and asked Hu Zhi! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"HMM? I don't know either. When I went to his courtyard just now, I realized that he was no longer in there!"

Hu Zhi shook his head!

"Sister, are you really in love with Wang Xian?"

He hesitated for a moment and asked Hu Yan 'er!

"HMM? Brother, what nonsense are you asking!"

Hu Yan 'er's face turned red and she immediately ran away!

"Sigh, sister, I also think that brother-in-law Wang Xian is not bad. However, you are already the disciple of the Master of God. Although that Wang Xian is mysterious... he might not be worthy of you anymore!"

"Perhaps the tiger emperor, Empress, and even the eternal twin foxes will stop him!"

Hu Zhi sighed and looked at the figure of his sister!

"That Kid knows his own limits!"

At the side, when the Tiger Emperor, Empress, and the rest saw that Wang Xian had not arrived, they revealed satisfied expressions on their faces!

"Big Brother, the dragon Spike has already responded. They have accepted this mission. I will go and pay the reward!"

In a corner of the hall, a young man whispered to Divine Fox Night!

"Be careful!"

Divine Fox Night said to him!

"Don't worry Big Brother. The dragon assassin organization's credibility is still trustworthy. There won't be any problems. Tomorrow morning, this person will disappear from the human world!"

The young man said confidently!

"Okay!"

Divine Fox night nodded.

The youth left. Looking at the communication stone plate in his hand, his body moved and walked towards a location at the edge of the Twin Fox continent!

There, was the place where he had agreed to pay the Dragon Assassin!

Arriving at an empty location, he threw an interspatial ring on the ground and pretended that nothing had happened as he returned the way he came!

Whoosh

However, at this moment, a ray of light completely enveloped him!

The young man didn't even have time to react before he fainted instantly!

Then, he disappeared!

The young man had been very careful when he came. No one knew that he had disappeared!

"Dragon King, the person who issued the mission has been caught!"

Not long after, two strange demons who had transformed into dragon-pricking dragons appeared on the meteorite!

In front of them, an unconscious body was placed on the ground!

Wang Xian looked over and raised his eyebrows slightly!

"Eternal twin foxes!"

He mumbled. He had seen this young man before. He was the core disciple of the eternal twin foxes!

He narrowed his eyes slightly and waved his arm!

"HMM?"

The sound of sleep-talking came from his mouth. He looked around with a confused expression!

"HMM!"

When he saw Wang Xian in front of him, his expression changed drastically. Then, he stood up abruptly!

"It was you who ambushed me? You're courting death. How Dare You Ambush Me? You're courting death! Do you know who I am?"

He stood up with a cold expression and shouted at Wang Xian sternly!

However, at this moment, the strange demon who had been improving his strength in the Dragon Palace for a few hours walked out slowly.

More than 2,000 members of the dragon Spike team who were glowing with light and black and white walked to the back of Wang Xian.

The leader of the team, Ao Yao, stared at him coldly!