Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2194: 2194, I am the Dragon King!

The young man stared at Wang Xian with an ice-cold expression. His face was filled with anger and coldness!

He did not expect that this fellow in front of him would actually dare to follow and sneak attack him!

Who gave him the courage?

He was the core disciple of the eternal twin foxes!

However, when he saw many strange creatures walking towards him, he was slightly stunned!

Feeling the cold aura of the other party, his expression changed slightly!

But immediately after, a light flashed in his mind!

White Light!

Black and white strange!

Dragon Spike!

This was a dragon spike!

He had some understanding of the dragon Spike assassin organization. The dragon spike was extremely powerful, and all of the missions had failed!

You Don't know when you will be assassinated!

It could be when you were eating in the restaurant or when you were sleeping!

The assassination of the dragon assassin organization didn't differentiate between day and night!

Someone once discovered that the members of the Dragon Assassin organization were a special type of demon beast. It seemed that some of them cultivated the light while others controlled the darkness!

He looked at the strange black and white demon beasts that were emitting a cold aura of light in front of him!

He immediately thought of the members of the Dragon Assassin organization!

However, how did this Wang Xian, Hu Yan 'er's fiancé, end up with the dragon assassin organization?

Could it be?

In an instant, his forehead was filled with cold sweat. He couldn't help but take a few steps back as a look of panic appeared in his eyes!

"You Are... You Are..."

He pointed at Wang Xian with his eyes wide open!

"Finding my underlings to assassinate me is really interesting!"

Wang Xian stared at him coldly!

Gulp

Hearing Wang Xian say it out loud, the young man couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. A look of panic appeared on his face!

"I... You... how can you be the leader of the Dragon Assassin Organization!"

"No... You Can't kill me. Otherwise, our eternal twin foxes will not let you off!"

The young man stared at Wang Xian in disbelief as he roared!

He couldn't believe it. He had hired an assassin to assassinate Wang Xian, but in the end, the leader of the assassin organization was him!

This was simply a joke from the heavens!

He was simply here to die!

"You should know better than to look for our dragon assassin organization. Would Our Dragon Assassin organization be afraid of your eternal twin foxes?"

Ao Yao heard their words and said indifferently from the side!

When the young man heard his words, he immediately felt his scalp go numb!

He understood the dragon assassin organization, and he also knew that they relied on their special abilities to hide in the various planets. They were not afraid even if they had the strength of a god Lord!

"No, no... Don't kill me!"

The young man said with a face full of fear. He looked around and wanted to escape!

However, the thousands of pairs of eyes in front of him were staring at him, causing his body to tremble!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and a grey hand grabbed his neck!

"The one who wants to kill me is you!"

Wang Xian grabbed him and said calmly!

"No, no, how can you be the leader of the dragon spikes? No... I'm not satisfied!"

The young man felt the suffocation coming from his neck. His face was flushed red as he roared indignantly!

He was really unlucky!

"Before you die, let me introduce myself. My Name Is... Dragon King!"

Wang Xian stared at him mockingly and exerted some strength with his palm!

"Dragon King!"

The young man widened his eyes. He was at a loss at first before a look of astonishment appeared on his face!

Dragon King!

Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace who was a powerful force that was able to fight against the Eternal Thunderbolts in the Northern Region and was unafraid of a god-level force!

How was that possible!

His eyes widened so much that they almost bulged out!

Buzz

At this moment, a gush of energy that was extinguished entered his mind, causing it to lose its vitality instantly!

Buzz

Wang Xian closed his eyes slowly. He had already activated the soul-absorbing power!

He wanted to check if there were still people behind him who wanted to kill him!

The information was digested one after another. Ten minutes later, he slowly opened his eyes. A strong murderous intent shot out from his eyes!

"Divine Fox Night!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Dragon King, do you want me to assassinate all the people involved?"

Ao Yao bowed and asked when he heard Wang Xian mention a name!

"They are currently living in the palace in the middle of the Double Fox continent. There is the eternal lord there. Let's not make a move for now!"

Wang Xian shook his head at Ao Yao!

Even though ao Yao had the combat strength of a peak godly state, he was still not as strong as the eternal lord.

His concealment was useless in front of the Eternal Lord!

Ao Yao and the rest could not take the risk!

It was very easy to kill a disciple of the eternal double foxes!

"All of you stay here for the time being. Wait for Ao crab to come out. Tell him to wait for my order here!"

Wang Xian said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Strange demon and the rest nodded their heads!

Wang Xian moved his body and flew straight in the direction of the Double Fox continent!

"Did you hear? Four days later, the Double Fox God is holding a disciple recruitment banquet. All factions are welcome to come!"

"I already knew about this yesterday. Today, there is a very explosive matter. Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé is not her real fiancé. It is a temporary measure that the fox pattern celestial race had to take because of some matters!"

"Oh? Is that true? Could it be that after Princess Hu Yan 'er was taken in as a disciple by the Double Fox God, her fiancé was unworthy and wanted to divorce her on purpose?"

"I don't know the details, but this news was told by the disciples of the fox-patterned celestial race and the Divine Tiger Dynasty. They are not engaged, so it shouldn't be a lie!"

"No matter what, Little Princess Hu Yan 'er will be the only disciple of the master of twin foxes in the future. Her fiancé is unworthy!"

"That's true. However, that fellow should have received a lot of benefits. He should know his place. The only person who is worthy of Princess Hu Yan 'er is probably the most outstanding disciple of the Eternal Twin Foxes!"

When Wang Xian had just arrived at the twin foxes continent, he heard discussions coming from the surroundings!

Recently, the matter of the Master of Twin Foxes taking in a disciple had even surpassed some of the matters in the tomb of the gods! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Especially today, the news that some disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the fox-patterned celestial race had spread had caused everyone to be in a heated discussion!

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian heard the voices around him, he was slightly stunned. His eyes were sparkling!

"It seems like the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the fox-patterned celestial race don't think that I'm worthy of them?"

"Hu Fei shouldn't be such a person. Although, from the long-term perspective of a family, their actions are right!"

"But..."

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes flashed with a cold glint!

He walked straight to his residence. He wanted to see what would happen next!

Unless Hu Yan 'er opened her mouth, he wanted to see if there were any problems waiting for him!

Or if there was someone who wanted him dead!

In the end, even if Hu Yan 'er opened her mouth to ask him to leave, he would take the life of that person who was courting death before leaving!

No one could stop him. Soon, there was no one in the entire boundless galaxy!

A strong sense of confidence emanated from Wang Xian!

A faint smile appeared on his face!

This was his foundation!