Chapter 2195: At the 2195 disciple recruitment banquet

"What's going on? Why isn't Divine Fox Ming here yet? Did Something Happen?"

The sky was getting dark. In the palace in the middle of the Twin Fox continent, Divine Fox was walking around in a room non-stop. He frowned and revealed an embarrassed expression!

It had been more than half a day since divine Fox Ming left in the morning!

Based on his understanding of Divine Fox Ming, he would definitely report to him as soon as he was done!

However, more than half a day had passed and he still had not returned.

He was certain that something must have happened to Divine Fox Ming!

"What could it be? I have also learned about the dragon assassin organization today. It is definitely a powerful organization that can be trusted!"

He mumbled to himself as he had a bad feeling in his heart!

"If Wang Xian is still alive tomorrow and if the Divine Fox Ming doesn't appear tomorrow, then something bad will happen!"

The Divine Fox night sat on a chair with a gloomy face!

In the courtyard outside the palace, Wang Xian had already arrived at the courtyard. He was looking through some information on the eternal twin foxes.

The night passed very quickly. In the morning, Wang Xian walked out of the courtyard and headed towards the outside!

However, just as he walked out of the courtyard and was about to head towards the palace, two figures walked towards him!

The two old men were exuding a powerful aura!

They held onto Wang Xian and walked straight towards him!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them and paused for a moment! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Little brother Wang Xian, are you going to the Palace?"

An old man came over and asked him directly!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian looked at the clothes on their bodies. It was the attire of the Divine Tiger dynasty.

His eyes flickered. It was obvious that they were the people arranged by the Tiger Emperor and the Empress!

"Little brother, there's no need to go. Princess Hu Yan 'er is currently studying etiquette in the palace. It's best for outsiders not to disturb her!"

An old man said directly!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and stared at them coldly. "Did your Tiger Emperor and Empress say that?"

"No matter who said it, you should take a look at your identity. A toad can't eat swan meat!"

The two old men saw his cold expression and said coldly as well!

"Hehe, alright. Remember what you said today!"

Wang Xian looked at them calmly and said coldly!

After that, he returned to his own courtyard!

"HMPH, you want us to remember it? Why Don't you take a look at your own strength!"

"The people from the Fox Mark Celestial race also said that his background is mysterious. How mysterious can he be? How strong can he be?"

The two of them said with a look of disdain. Their voices were not concealed at all. Wang Xian could hear them clearly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled gently as a cold glint flashed across his eyes!

"He didn't die as expected. Damn it, damn it. Could it be that there was a problem when Divine Fox Ming went to pay the reward?"

"Or did the dragon assassin organization leave him there?"

In a high-level building in the palace, Divine Fox night looked at Wang Xian's figure with a gloomy expression!

God Fox Ming had disappeared and lost all contact with him!

"There are still two days left. I must get rid of him. I must!"

God Fox night clenched his fists tightly. His face was filled with killing intent!

"Do it himself? No, the other party seems to have a powerful subordinate. An assassin organization? I'm afraid it's Too Late Now!"

God Fox Night's expression kept changing!

If Wang Xian was an ordinary disciple of an ordinary faction, he could have directly asked the experts of the eternal twin foxes to help him!

However, he was now Hu Yan Er's fiancé. If he wanted someone to kill him, he would have to find an assassin or ask a trustworthy expert to do it!

Otherwise, once the matter was exposed, he might be in danger himself!

"Father and mother are here today. They are with Hu Yan er now. Tell father about this matter!"

Naturally, he could trust his father. Furthermore, with his father's current status and strength, he had many more methods than him!

Godly Fox night frowned and walked straight to the center of the Palace!

"Brother, why isn't brother Wang Xian here today?"

In the center of the palace, Hu Yan 'er walked to her brother's side and asked softly!

"This... I'm not sure about this either. Perhaps brother Wang Xian is a little busy!"

Hu Zhi's eyes flickered when he saw his sister's question!

Naturally, he knew why Wang Xian didn't come.

Not to mention him, even his father and grandfather couldn't object to some of the decisions made by the Tiger Emperor and the Empress!

"Is he a little busy?"

Hu Yan 'er's brows were knitted tightly together!

"Sister, why don't you... Why Don't you use the communication stone to interrogate him!"

Hu Zhi hesitated for a moment and said to her!

"Yes!"

Hu Yan er also felt that she needed to take the initiative to contact brother Wang Xian!

"Hehe, Yan Er, you are now the disciple of the Eternal Lord. Perhaps your fiancé feels that he is not good enough for you, so he took the initiative to leave!"

"Also, our Yan 'er's identity is different from the past. We have to set our sights higher. There are many people in this world who are much more outstanding than your Wang Xian!"

"Look at those outstanding disciples of the eternal twin foxes. which one of them is not as outstanding as yours!"

At this moment, the Empress walked over and held Hu Yan 'er's arm with a friendly expression. She said with a smile!

"Empress, I..."

Hu Yan 'er opened her mouth, wanting to refute!

"I know, I know. Yan 'er, you're still too young. Come, come. Some of the eternal twin foxes'experts, the descendants of the Lord God, have rushed over. They want to meet our little Princess!"

"Let's go over and get to know each other. There are quite a few outstanding disciples there!"

The Empress brought him to a seat at the side with an amiable expression.

Today was a day that made her feel very proud. The Eternal Double Fox core expert who used to be high and mighty, the descendant of the god Lord, was now chatting with him with an amiable expression!

This made her vanity greatly satisfied!

All of this was because of the girl in front of her!

This made her even more determined. She must make Yan 'er become the eternal double Fox's person. She must not let that wild boy cause trouble!

Hu Yan 'er smiled bitterly and followed him.

Soon, dozens of middle-aged men with extraordinary temperaments surrounded her. They were trying to curry favor with Hu Yan 'er!

"Yan 'er, look. That is divine fox night. He is the most outstanding youth of the eternal twin foxes. He has already lit three wisps of divine fire at such a young age. He will definitely be the pillar of the eternal twin foxes in the future!"

"Look at how handsome he is. He is more than ten times stronger than your fiancé who is not worthy of you!"

Not long after, when the Empress Saw Divine Fox night arrive, she softly introduced him to her!

"Your Majesty, I need to rest for a while!"

When Hu Yan 'er heard her incessant speech, she felt a little unhappy and directly said this!

The Empress'expression changed slightly as she watched Hu Yan 'er leave. Her expression was uncertain!

"This child is still too young, still too young!"

She squeezed out a smile and continued to chat with some of the eternal twin foxes!