Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2196: At the 2196 disciple recruitment banquet

"Our Yan 'er's engagement with the young man back then was only a temporary measure. If we don't do it for real, how could that young man be as outstanding as the Eternal Twin Foxes'disciple!"

"Hehe, now that Yan 'er has been taken in as a disciple by the dual Fox god Lord, only the eternal twin foxes'elite disciple can match her!"

"Then look at our Xiao Ye. He is our eternal twin foxes'most elite disciple!"

"I think we can do it. Let him have more contact with our Yan 'er!"

The Double Fox God Lord accepted a personal disciple and even said that he might pass on the eternal twin foxes to her in the future!

For the entire eternal twin foxes, this was comparable to changing dynasties!

Countless eternal twin foxes'experts immediately rushed over!

Towards Hu Yan 'er, they also had a trace of flattery and fawning!

Even if many of them were the descendants of the god Lord, Hu Yan 'er's position in the future would be much higher than theirs!

If any kid could marry Hu Yan 'er, it would be of great benefit to them!

Many people from the eternal twin foxes were talking with Empress Hu Fei and the others with warm faces!

This Linghu Fei's heart was filled with bitterness!

"Divine Fox Ming has disappeared?"

In a corner, Divine Fox night stood beside a middle-aged man with a slight frown.

"Yes, Father!"

Divine Fox Night's expression was somewhat unsightly as he nodded his head!

"I'll handle this matter. Your current task is to please that Hu Yan 'er and see if you can give her a good impression!"

"The power of the descendants in our eternal twin foxes is definitely not low!"

The middle-aged man thought for a moment and said to him!

"It's father!"

Divine Fox night nodded, and a smile appeared on his face.

He was relieved that his father was personally handling this matter!

"Princess Yan 'er!"

He chatted with his father for a while, and then walked straight towards Hu Yan 'er!

"This divine Tiger Dynasty's empress is very tactful, and knows that Hu Yan 'er must marry into our eternal twin foxes!"

"Hehe, elder, that Empress said that in the past, the Fox Mark Divine clan had arranged a marriage for Princess Hu Yan 'er. Princess Hu Yan 'er is more obedient and won't go against the arrangements of her relatives. She can get Yan 'er's father to arrange another marriage for her!"

"Arrange another marriage? Let's talk about it in the future. As long as Hu Yan 'er marries our eternal twin foxes'disciple, it will be fine!"

A few elders were chatting at the side, looking at the Divine Tiger Dynasty's empress and Tiger Emperor with satisfied expressions!

More and more people were coming to the fallen immortal God Island, especially the eternal twin foxes'disciples and experts. At least 60-70% of them had already arrived!

Eternal Twin Foxes'disciples and divine realm experts could be seen everywhere!

The Double Fox god Lord taking in disciples caused the focus of the entire eternal twin foxes to shift from the divine tomb to the god Lord taking in disciples in a few days!

In the entire western region, the other factions were also discussing the matter of the god Lord's disciple recruitment!

In a few days, the Double Fox god Lord's disciple recruitment banquet would be held. They had to come and present a congratulatory gift!

For the entire western region, this was a major event!

There was still one day before the Double Fox god Lord's disciple recruitment banquet. A major event had occurred on the Fallen Immortal Island. Another god Lord Level Expert had arrived and broken through the defenses of a Divine Island and entered!

At that time, people only saw a bright green light! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Some people guessed that the divine leaf master from the east had come to seek treasures!

On the same day, the seven star Master and the violent new demonic nightmare master from the central region came out of the divine tomb.

As for whether they had obtained any treasures, no one knew!

The entire fallen immortal island was abnormally lively. Everyone was discussing the matter of the double Fox Celestial Master accepting disciples!

"Brother Wang Xian, are you in the courtyard? I'll look for you secretly later!"

"I'm so nervous right now. I have to go through the apprenticeship ceremony tomorrow!"

In the courtyard where Wang Xian was, he looked at the information on the communication stone plate and revealed a faint smile!

A Day ago, Hu Yan 'er had asked him why he didn't come to look for her these two days!

Wang Xian found a random reason to muddle through!

Hence, the two of them contacted each other using the communication stone plate. Hu Yan 'er told him a lot of things that had happened in the past two days!

"Sure, come over!"

Wang Xian replied with a smile on his face!

He could sense Hu Yan 'er's dependence on him!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

In less than ten minutes, Hu Yan 'er, whom he had not seen for four days, ran over and shouted at Wang Xian who was in the courtyard!

"I haven't seen you for a few days, and you've become prettier again!"

Wang Xian looked at her gorgeous clothes and perfect figure. Her Fox tail was swaying, showing her happy expression!

"No way! Brother Wang Xian, you're so annoying. You haven't come to look for me for the past few days!"

Hu Yan 'er sat at the side shyly and complained to him!

"Yan 'er's identity is different now. I Can't Disturb You Every Day!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"What identity? Yan 'er is still the same Yan 'er from before. I've been annoyed to death these few days!"

Hu Yan 'er pouted and said!

"Yan 'er, tell me, if I were to ask you to give up your identity as the master's disciple and come with me, would you be willing?"

Wang Xian suddenly looked at her and asked!

"Ah?"

Hu Yan 'er was slightly stunned. Following that, her face quickly turned red!

"I know. The reason why I was able to get the Double Fox God Lord to accept me as his disciple was because of brother Wang Xian!"

"It doesn't matter if I can become the god Lord's Disciple!"

She lowered her head and said anxiously!

"Make a serious decision!"

Wang Xian said to her once again!

"I, I..."

At this moment, Hu Yan 'er suddenly raised her head and looked at Wang Xian with her chest heaving up and down. "Of course I'm serious. These few days, I feel that I might as well stay in my family. I..."

As she spoke, her eyes sparkled with tears. It was as though Wang Xian's question had made her feel wronged!

"Alright, Alright, I know!"

Wang Xian rubbed her head with a smile on his face!

"I'll pour you a cup of tea. I'll Be There Tomorrow!"

He smiled and took out a teacup. He placed the precious tea leaves on it!

"HMM, brother Wang Xian, why don't you join the Eternal Twin Foxes?"

Hu Yan 'er said to him!

"We'll talk about this later!"

While conversing with Hu Yan 'er, Wang Xian finally understood Hu Yan 'er's attitude!

Knowing her attitude was enough!

As for the Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, who were they?

After chatting with Hu Yan 'er for more than an hour, she left reluctantly!

After sending Hu Yan 'er to the palace, Wang Xian walked towards his residence!

"Come out!"

When he arrived at the courtyard, he stood there and shouted softly!

"Ao crab greets Dragon King!"

Ao crab, who had turned into a middle-aged man, knelt on the ground and bowed respectfully to Wang Xian!

"You have stepped into the realm of the Eternal Divine Lord. Not Bad!"

Wang Xian looked at ao crab with great satisfaction!

"As expected of the Dragon King. Now, the entire boundless sea has been ruled by my subordinates!"

Ao crab said respectfully.

"Have you brought all your subordinates? We might have to fight with a divine Lord Tomorrow!"

Wang Xian stared at him and said with narrowed eyes!

"HMM? Dragon King, most of my subordinates are in the boundless sea. I will go back and bring them over quickly!"

Ao he raised his head and replied!

"Go!"

Wang Xian ordered indifferently!

"Yes!"

Ao he's eyes were sparkling as he stood up and left immediately!