Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2197: At the 2197 disciple recruitment banquet

The night was slightly chilly. Wang Xian stood in the courtyard with a smile on his face!

As he watched ao crab leave, his eyes sparkled!

There had been a lot of news in the past few days, especially regarding Hu Yan 'er and her fiancé!

As for the news regarding him, he was very clear!

A lot of the news came from the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Hu Wen Celestial race!

Hu Yan 'er's father and brother were very satisfied with Wang Xian!

However, the higher-ups of the Huwen Celestial race naturally didn't want Wang Xian to become their fiancé for the benefit of the Huwen Celestial race!

Because he wasn't worthy!

"Make your move after dawn. Don't make any mistakes!"

At this moment, in a room in the palace, a middle-aged man said to the black figure in front of him!

"Yes, my Lord!"

The black shadow nodded and flew out!

"A kid is actually so tactless and can not live!"

The middle-aged man looked at the back of the black shadow that disappeared and said indifferently!

"We must get rid of him. Today, Hu Yan 'er actually went out to look for him!"

A young man sitting at the side said with a ferocious face!

"Don't worry. Ying's strength has already ignited eight wisps of divine fire. It's easy to kill him!"

The middle-aged man said indifferently!

"I don't know what exactly happened to Divine Fox call. I've asked someone to investigate it over the past two days, but there's no information at all!"

The middle-aged man continued to say with a slight frown!

Divine Fox night shook her head at the side, indicating that she didn't know!

It was late at night. Wang Xian sat cross-legged on the bed and cultivated quietly!

Buzz

The space trembled slightly as Wang Xian slowly opened his eyes!

"Sigh, the last time, at least the strongest person from the dragon assassin organization took action. This time, only eight wisps of Godly Fire God came!"

"You guys really look down on me!"

A soft voice came out from Wang Xian's mouth. In the darkness, the figure froze and his eyes were filled with fear!

At the next moment, a great terror enveloped him!

His body trembled violently and he slowly fell to the ground!

Wang Xian closed his eyes slightly and absorbed the memories of the black figure!

"Divine Fox Haoran!"

"Divine Fox Night's father!"

He looked at the corpse on the ground and waved his arm, keeping it into his interspatial ring!

After getting off the bed, he hesitated for a moment and walked out!

After leaving the courtyard, Wang Xian headed straight for the meteorite where the dragon guards and the rest were!

"Dragon King!"

A type of dragon guard and strange demon shouted respectfully when they saw Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and nodded his head!

There were more than 80 dragon guards who possessed the combat strength of the godly state while the Dragon Spur division had about 100 of them who possessed the combat strength of the Godly State!

There were more than 180 godly state experts in the two departments of the Dragon Palace!

Coupled with Ao Jian and Ao Yao who were at the peak of the godly state, their strength could be considered top-notch in all the major factions!

"I'll bring them over to take a look tomorrow!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he sat cross-legged on the ground and waited!

"Eh? Why isn't Ying Here Yet?"

Time passed very quickly. In the palace at the center of the Twin Fox continent, the Divine Fox haoran frowned slightly as his expression slowly turned ugly!

The subordinates that were sent out had not arrived for more than an hour. Something must have happened!

"Damn it. It seems that that Kid has an expert protecting him. It seems that his strength is not very weak!"

Divine Fox Haoran growled with a gloomy face!

"Father, then... then what should we do!"

Divine Fox Night's expression was also extremely ugly as she frowned and asked!

"We can only wait. That kid must be on guard now. Let him live for a few more days. There is no one that the eternal twin foxes can't Kill!"

God Fox Hao ran said with a cold face!

God Fox night looked a little disappointed, but he could only give up now!

Tomorrow was the time for their Double Fox god Lord to take in a disciple. At this juncture, nothing could happen!

The night passed quickly. The next day, the entire twin Fox continent was like boiling water, and it quickly became lively!

Early in the morning, towering platforms were set up in a square in the twin Fox continent!

The square was dozens of kilometers in size. Tens of millions of people gathered there, but it was not crowded at all!

Early in the morning, all the eternal twin fox experts arrived early in the morning, and began to prepare for their lord god Lords taking in disciples!

Today, many of the forces that had been surrounding the deity tomb of the Fallen Immortal God Island were temporarily put on hold and headed towards the twin foxes continent!

Especially for the forces of the Western Region, no expert dared not to come!

Around 10 am, the eternal twin foxes had hundreds of thousands of people, and many experts were already sitting in front of the stage!

Some of the major forces of the western region respectfully brought gifts and sat in the surroundings under the arrangement of the eternal twin foxes!

The disciple acceptance ceremony of the Divine Master of the twin foxes would be held at eleven o'clock. It would start in an hour!

"Where's brother Wang Xian? He said he came to visit me yesterday?"

Hu Yan 'er swept her gaze across her brother and father as well as the members of the fox-patterned celestial race. She asked in puzzlement!

"Sigh, Yan 'er, don't think about some things. You're still young. Hurry up and make some preparations. We're going to bring you there soon!"

Hu Fei sighed slightly and said to her!

"Ah?"

Hu Yan 'er was slightly stunned when she heard her father's words!

Even though she was slow-witted, she had discovered a problem in the past few days!

Recalling what brother Wang Xian had told her yesterday, she was slightly absent-minded!

"The disciple of the Master of God?" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

She suddenly muttered!

"Let's Go!"

At the same time, at the location of the meteorite, Wang Xian said softly to the group of Dragon Guards!

"Yes, all Dragon Guards, get ready!"

Ao Jian said to the Dragon Guards!

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

One by one, the dragon guards stood behind Wang Xian with metal swords in their hands!

Ao Yao stood on the left side of Wang Xian!

"All the strange demons, hide in the surroundings!"

Ao Yao stood on the right side of Wang Xian and commanded all the strange demons!

"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!"

One by one, the members of the Dragon Thorns immediately hid in the surroundings of the Dragon Guards!

Wang Xian moved his body and flew straight towards the eternal double Fox continent!

In the surroundings, there were also powerful forces bringing their disciples over!

Some of the forces looked at Wang Xian and the rest curiously. Their faces were filled with curiosity!

The aura emitted by more than 2,000 Dragon Guards was obviously not an ordinary powerhouse!

"There are so many people. It seems that almost all the forces in the entire western region have arrived!"

"After all, he is the only disciple that double fox god Lord took in. He is even being groomed as an inheritor. Naturally, his reputation is great!"

"Just what kind of talent does that Hu Yan 'er have? She was actually able to make god Lord take her in as his personal disciple!"

"Almost 60-70% of the experts of the eternal double Fox have arrived. There are so many gods!"

At the entrance of the huge square, the ground was covered with luxurious gemstones. Right in front of them sat a group of people from the Eternal Double Fox!

In two rows, the people from the major powers of the western region were sitting neatly!

As the Master of God and Hu Yan 'er were not present, the entire square was slightly noisy!

Wang Xian looked at the huge entrance and walked forward slowly!