Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2198: 2198 stepped onto the stage

Wang Xian looked at the road leading to the entrance and walked on the gorgeous and Resplendent Road!

Behind him, a group of dragon guards accompanied him like a pair of ice-cold divine swords!

When he entered, there were huge viewing platforms on both sides!

"Who are the factions? State your names!"

Not far from the entrance, more than ten middle-aged men with eternal twin foxes were standing there, arranging seats for each faction!

Seeing Wang Xian and the rest enter, a middle-aged man asked indifferently!

"Nameless small faction!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man and said with a smile!

"Eh? It's You?"

All of a sudden, the expression of a young man beside him changed. He sized up Wang Xian from head to toe!

"Mistress, why? Do you know them?"

The middle-aged man looked at the young man beside him and asked in puzzlement!

"Second uncle, he is that Wang Xian, the ex-fiancé of our Princess Hu Yan 'er!"

The young man whispered to the middle-aged man!

"Huh?"

The middle-aged man was slightly stunned. He looked at Wang Xian in astonishment as his eyes sparkled!

Naturally, they were very clear about the fiancé of their future Princess!

At the same time, they were also very dissatisfied with Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé, even if they had never seen him before!

This was because this fiancé would be riding on the heads of most of them, the eternal twin foxes!

He was just an outsider. It was fine if he was the disciple of the master of gods, but what was the fiancé of his disciple?

In addition to the attitude of the twin foxes and the Divine Tiger dynasty towards this fiancé in the past few days, the disciples of the eternal twin foxes did not put him in their eyes!

This young man was not worthy of their little princess eternal twin foxes!

"So it's that Toad who wants swan meat!"

The middle-aged man looked at Wang Xian and said with slight disdain!

"HMM? Watch your words!"

"Clang!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, an ice-cold sharp sword was placed on the middle-aged man's neck. The speed was so fast that the middle-aged man could not react at all!

In an instant, the middle-aged man's forehead was covered in cold sweat!

"You're courting death! Stop Right Now!"

When the eternal twin Fox disciples saw this scene, their expressions changed as they shouted loudly!

"Oh? What Happened?"

"What? He actually dared to place the sword on the Eternal Twin Fox Disciple's neck? Is this a provocation? He's simply courting death!"

In the surroundings of the square, one by one, the forces that had arrived were attracted by the commotion at the entrance. Everyone was dumbstruck as they looked over!

The square looked very big, but all of them were experts. There were thousands of godly state experts!

A distance of more than ten kilometers was the distance of dozens of meters for them!

Everything and sounds could be clearly reflected in their minds!

Seeing that someone actually dared to put a sword on the neck of the eternal twin Fox disciples, everyone was somewhat incredulous!

Was he here to court death?

There were more than a thousand eternal twin Fox divine realm experts around!

He actually dared to use his sword in this place?

"Eh?"

At the front, the expressions of the eternal twin fox experts changed slightly when they saw this scene!

"He's courting death!"

A few of the experts stood up immediately with furious expressions. Killing intent shot out from their eyes!

"Sit down!"

An expert at the peak of the godly state looked at Wang Xian in front of him and frowned slightly!

"That's Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé. Don't worry about him for now!"

He reminded him lightly!

"That's Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé?"

"Him? How dare he cause trouble in our eternal twin foxes?"

"Fiancé? Is He even worthy?"

Most of the people from the eternal twin foxes had never met Wang Xian before. When they heard the Elders'words, all of them had looks of disdain and curiosity on their faces!

The elders from the eternal twin foxes did not move because they knew something!

They, Hu Yan 'er, had a good impression of this young man. At this moment, they would not offend this young man!

At least not on the surface!

However, there was an elder whose eyes were sparkling!

"This Wang Xian is a little reckless in this kind of situation!"

"He's courting death. Why doesn't he take a look at his status? He even wants to marry our Princess Hu Yan er!"

The ordinary disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger Dynasty, who were located next to the eternal twin foxes, stared ahead with cold faces!

"So that young man is Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé!"

"It's him? Didn't they say that the engagement between him and Princess Hu Yan 'er was just a temporary measure? It's not true?"

"Who knows what's going on here? But clearly, Princess Hu Yan 'er's meteoric rise is not something he can match up to!"

"Under such circumstances, the Fox Mark Celestial race and the Eternal Twin Foxes definitely won't let Hu Yan 'er marry another young man. Could it be that he's unwilling to accept this and wants to cause trouble? Is he courting death?"

Very soon, all the major forces in the square knew the identity of the young man at the entrance!

They sized up Wang Xian with curiosity!

"Stop!"

Wang Xian said to Ao Jian lightly. His gaze swept across the surroundings and landed on the eternal twin foxes in the middle. A cold smile appeared on his face!

He could clearly hear the discussions around him!

"We are here to observe the ceremony. May I know where to sit?"

Wang Xian ignored the discussions and asked the pale-faced middle-aged man in front of him!

As the sharp sword was removed, the middle-aged man's expression kept changing. He stared at Wang Xian with hatred in the depths of his eyes!

"Since it's a ceremony, all of you can sit here!"

The middle-aged man pointed at the position closest to the entrance with a gloomy expression!

This position was naturally the worst position!

The stronger the faction, the closer they were to the front. By arranging this place, it was obvious that the middle-aged man still didn't put Wang Xian and the rest in his eyes! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, the middle-aged man wasn't afraid of offending him because he was destined to not be able to marry Princess Hu Yan 'er!

Of course, the middle-aged man didn't dare to offend him like he did just now. If the other party were to seriously injure him, he wouldn't be punished even if he had the relationship with Princess Hu Yan 'er!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian didn't mind it and walked straight to the side!

"This... this eternal twin foxes is looking down on that young man!"

"The Fox Mark Celestial race has already said that he can't be considered as Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé. What's there to be afraid of about the eternal twin foxes!"

"That young man is asking for humiliation!"

When the surrounding factions saw this scene, they discussed it curiously. They looked at Wang Xian with mockery and sympathy!

What a pitiful fellow!

"This isn't enough. Just a nameless kid with an undeserved status actually dares to point his sword at our disciple and provoke us, the eternal twin foxes!"

"Teach him a lesson. Even if Princess Hu Yan 'er sees this, she will only feel that he is even more incompetent!"

In the middle, the Elder, the Divine Fox Xi Hu, suddenly spoke indifferently!

"Oh? Old Hu, our eternal twin foxes can not make a move..."

An elder at the side was slightly taken aback, frowning as he looked at him!

"Casually ordering a faction can cause them to be humiliated!"

The elder spoke indifferently!

The few elders who heard from the side slightly raised their heads!

A brat daring to provoke their eternal twin foxes indeed made them unhappy.

To provoke them, they had to pay the price!

Although they could not kill him, they could humiliate him in public!

At that time, Princess Hu Yan 'er might be even more disappointed in him!

Killing two birds with one stone!

It had nothing to do with them, the eternal twin foxes!