Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2199: 2199 stepped onto the stage

The arrival of Wang Xian caused quite a stir!

The fiancé of today's main character!

A fiancé that caused the eternal double fox and the fox-patterned celestial race to be denied recognition!

Although the Divine Fox West teapot was dissatisfied with the work of the Divine Fox night, he did not take it to heart. He did not get rid of it a few days ago, and it was not too late after that!

"Oh? That seems to be brother Ao Jian. This... Brother Ao Jian is that young man's subordinate?" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

However, at this time, in front of him, an old man stared at Ao Jian, his eyes shining!

He muttered with a face full of surprise

"Grand Elder, What's Wrong?"

A middle-aged man at the side heard his words, and his face showed surprise!

"It's nothing. I met a friend who is very strong. His swordsmanship is unrivaled!"

The old man shook his head and frowned slightly!

"Eh, that seems to be him?"

It wasn't just the old man. All the forces around him were paying attention to Wang Xian and the rest at the entrance!

Some of them moved away from Wang Xian's position and looked at the more than 2,000 subordinates around him. Their eyes revealed a look of doubt and surprise!

Some of the swordsmen were familiar to them!

Wang Xian sat upright on his seat. He looked at the center of the seat with an expressionless face and waited there quietly!

He completely ignored the discussions around him!

At the entrance, various major forces kept entering. Most of the forces from the Western Region had basically arrived!

There were also some forces from the central region who came over to watch the Show!

"They're here. Get Ready to watch the Show!"

At the front center, Divine Fox Xihu looked at the group of people entering the entrance with a smile on his face!

"Oh? Look at the entrance. It's a space pirate. How dare this group of people come over!"

"Space pirates. Notorious Fellows. I didn't expect them to come over to watch the Show!"

At the entrance of the square, a group of people suddenly came in. There were about 5,000 people in a row. They were all wearing black uniforms!

The black uniform had a picture of a skull embroidered on the chest area!

The most eye-catching part was the hat on their heads. It was a black hat that looked like a sailboat!

A special uniform, a special hat. Many people recognized them at a glance!

The space pirates were a powerful force active around the central area!

The space pirates did not have a good reputation. Just like their names, they were a group of pirates!

However, they were able to become space pirates. Their strength was unquestionable. It was said that they had four to five pirate captains with nine Wisps of Divine Fire!

Without the strength of peak deity realm, they really did not dare to provoke them!

Wandering in the void, they specifically targeted some relatively weaker forces!

Seeing their arrival, some forces stared coldly at them!

"Double Fox God Lord has accepted a disciple, we have come to pay our respects and present a congratulatory gift!"

The leading pirate captain held a skull staff in his hand and said respectfully to the eternal double Fox disciples at the entrance!

"Hehe, visitors are guests. Today, we welcome everyone to come!"

The eternal double Fox disciples were obviously very satisfied with their attitude!

"You guys go over there!"

An eternal twin fox middle-aged man pointed at a position in front of them!

The strength of the space pirates was not weak. There were four to five pirate captains and fifty to sixty gods who had ignited the divine fire!

The Eternal Twin Fox arranged a position for them inside!

"Hehe, there's no need. Our reputation isn't very good, so we won't go in. We'll just sit by the side!"

The pirate captain said with a smile, pointing to the side!

"Of course there's no problem!"

The Eternal Double Fox middle-aged man nodded!

"The space pirates are quite tactful!"

Some forces said indifferently when they saw them sitting at the entrance!

The noble forces with powerful backgrounds looked down on these pirates!

Especially those who were at the peak of the Godly State!

"Keke Keke!"

A few pirate captains who were walking in the middle heard some noises around them and smiled faintly!

They looked at each other and looked at the seats at the entrance!

Their eyes landed on Wang Xian and the rest, and their eyes sparkled!

"Hey, Hey, Kid, what kind of force are you guys from? You guys are actually sitting at the entrance!"

"Could it be that you guys are even more notorious than us space pirates?"

A pirate captain glanced at Wang Xian and the rest and asked mockingly!

His voice was not soft and everyone who was paying attention to him could hear him clearly!

"Huh? What are these space pirates doing?"

"They are indeed a bunch of locusts!"

"They are after all the fiancé of Little Princess Hu Yan Er!"

Some of them looked over and whispered!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across them and ignored them coldly!

"Eh? Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé?"

A pirate captain deliberately sized up Wang Xian in surprise and exclaimed!

"A gigolo like you still wants to be Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé? PFFT, Haha, take a look at yourself!"

"If a gigolo like you could become Princess Hu Yan Er's fiancé, I would be able to be taken in as a disciple by the Double Fox God. Haha!"

A pirate on the pirate ship laughed and pointed at Wang Xian as he mocked without restraint!

His voice was so loud that everyone could hear it clearly!

"Third brother, haven't you heard about the recent events? Little Princess Hu Yan Er has no official engagement with him. How could someone like him be worthy of the God's Disciple?"

A pirate captain beside him echoed with a smile on his face!

"TSK TSK TSK, that's true. How could someone like him be a match for the god Lord's Disciple? TSK TSK tsk, what's he doing sitting at the door this time? He's sticking close to Princess Hu Yan 'er!"

"That's very possible. Otherwise, the people of the Fox Mark Divine race have already said that the two of them aren't engaged. Why is he still here? Isn't he trying to take advantage of us? Haha!"

A few pirate ships in the middle were discussing with derision on their faces!

"This... damn, this mockery is too heart-wrenching!"

"It seems like he is deliberately finding trouble with Princess Hu Yan 'er's fiancé. He is deliberately mocking us!"

"This is a complete humiliation. Furthermore, he is being humiliated by the notorious space pirates!"

When everyone saw this scene, they looked at Wang Xian with slight sympathy.

It was too embarrassing to be humiliated in public by a pirate organization!

Not only him, but also Princess Hu Yan 'er!

At this moment, everyone could not help but feel that it was fortunate that the engagement between Princess Hu Yan 'er and him was not real!

"It's really embarrassing for the people of the fox-pattern celestial race!"

When some ordinary disciples of the fox-pattern celestial race saw this scene, their faces turned gloomy!

"Hehe, a guy who can even be mocked by a pirate organization, what right does he have to marry the disciple of our master of Twin Foxes!"

In the middle, everyone from the eternal twin foxes stared at Wang Xian who was sitting at the entrance with a face full of mockery. They were filled with disdain!

"Kid, I see that you have some strength. Don't even think about marrying the disciple of the master of twin foxes. Are you going to fight pirates with us? I can bring you along!"

At this moment, a pirate captain walked up to Wang Xian and slapped him on the head. He said mockingly!