Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2200: 2,200 dragon palaces! Dragon King! 1

"They are going to humiliate that young man to death!"

Around them, millions of people watched as a pirate captain walked towards Wang Xian. He actually wanted to reach out his hand and touch his head. Many of them were stunned!

One had to know that the strength of the galactic pirates was not weak. Only those who were at the peak of the godly state could suppress them!

Hu Yan 'er's fiancé didn't seem to be able to do it!

How could that young man still have the face to stay here after being humiliated like this?

"Trash!"

When the ordinary disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race, the people from the Divine Tiger dynasty, and the people from the eternal twin foxes in the center saw this scene, they spat out two words!

"You brought this on yourself!"

Wang Xian had been sitting there calmly, ignoring their mockery!

When he saw a middle-aged man walking towards him with a face full of taunts, he said softly!

"You have brought this on yourself. Hehe, you are right, Kid!"

When the middle-aged pirate captain heard his words, the taunts in his eyes were even more intense!

The Pirates of the starry sky had received the orders of a big shot. Naturally, it was easy for them to humiliate a kid!

They could even kill him if they wanted to, let alone humiliate him!

Clang

The corner of his mouth curled up slightly. However, at this moment, a bone-piercing sword radiance pierced into his eyes, causing his heart to tremble!

Following that, he wanted to use his hand to block the bone-piercing sword radiance. However, he was horrified to discover that his head and body had been separated!

His eyes widened. His eyes were filled with astonishment and disbelief!

"Leave no one alive!"

The headless corpse in front of Wang Xian ordered indifferently!

"Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!"

In the next moment, an incomparably cold sword ray filled the entire square!

All the Dragon Guards stood up. They were holding cold longswords in their hands!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

More than two thousand dragon guards did not hesitate at all. Their longswords instantly attacked the pirates in the starry sky!

The ice-cold killing intent and sword Qi made the entire area seem like an ancient sword battlefield!

Ao Jian held the long sword in his hand. There was not the slightest emotion in his eyes. After killing a pirate captain with nine wisps of divine fire, there was not the slightest fluctuation!

His figure flashed, like a divine sword, and he attacked the other four pirate captains!

"What!"

"You actually attacked here!"

"Damn it!"

The pirate captains'expressions changed drastically when they saw the Dragon Guard's sudden attack and the head of one of the pirate captains flying into the sky!

"Whoosh!"

Before they could make any moves, numerous sharp swords had already arrived in front of them.

The sharp swords were filled with an icy aura and the sword rays were bone-piercing. Even though they had already ignited nine wisps of divine fire, they still felt extremely terrifying!

"Ah!"

A pirate captain with nine wisps of divine fire was instantly decapitated without the slightest ability to react!

The second one!

The miserable screams resounded throughout the entire square. At this moment, everyone's expression changed instantly!

"Boom!"

In the center of the square, the Divine Fox Xihu suddenly stood up. An extremely embarrassed expression appeared on his face!

Around him, the disciples of the eternal twin foxes also stood up with an embarrassed expression!

That Wang Xian actually dared to kill people here!

Today was the day that their master God would take in his disciples!

They actually dared to kill people!

"Stop!"

An expert at the peak of the divine realm of the eternal twin foxes could not help but shout sternly!

"Ahhhh!"

However, what greeted them was a series of extremely tragic screams!

Everyone looked at the entrance in shock!

Those 2,000 plus swordsmen were facing 5,000 members of the space pirates and 5,000 elite members!

Among them, there were 40 to 50 divine realm experts and five who had ignited nine wisps of divine fire!

However, at this moment, they actually didn't have the strength to resist at all!

One by one, sharp swords easily cut off the heads of the space pirates!

Even those 40 to 50 divine realm experts didn't have the strength to resist when facing those powerful and terrifying swordsmen!

At this moment, the surroundings were completely silent. Everyone was dumbstruck as they watched this scene. Their faces were filled with shock!

"No, no, no!"

"Ah, ah, AH, run, run!"

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The screams were abnormally ear-piercing. The corpses and heads fell to the ground, unable to resist at all!

A massacre!

More than two thousand dragon guards and more than eighty divine realm experts!

In addition to Ao Yao who was at the peak of the Godly State!

With the ruthless sword principle and the powerful suppression, 5,000 members of the space pirates died in a horrifying manner!

30 seconds. Within 30 seconds, the sword radiance disappeared!

The heads of the surrounding corpses were rolling!

"How dare you! Wang Xian, are you courting death?"

When the Divine Fox Xihu and the rest saw this scene, their expressions were extremely ugly!

A few experts at the peak of the godly state could not help but fly into the air. Their terrifying aura pressed down on Wang Xian and the rest!

Clang

The sound of a sword resonated throughout the heaven and earth. In the sky above Ao Jian, a golden holy longsword was suspended in the air!

He stared coldly at the few experts at the peak of the godly state, the eternal double Fox!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

When the Holy Longsword was in the air, the sharp swords on the bodies of the people who were wearing the longswords around them trembled!

"Hiss!"

At this moment, the millions of people in the square sucked in a breath of cold air!

"What a terrifying sword ray, what a terrifying sword!"

"Peak divine realm, that middle-aged swordsman is a peak divine realm expert, he is actually Hu Yan 'er's fiancé's subordinate!"

"This... is so arrogant, directly killing 5,000 people in the field where the god Lord Takes Disciples!"

"This space pirate probably wouldn't have thought that the person they provoked would be so terrifying even before he died!"

Everyone stared at Ao Jian and the others in shock as they discussed!

They were surprised that the young man would be humiliated by the space pirate, but they did not expect him to be so powerful!

He was also so unbridled!

He directly ordered his subordinates to kill 5,000 space pirates!

Not a single one was left alive!

"Their strength is also so strong. If I'm not wrong, among those 2,000 people, the weakest is a rank 9 demigod, there are more than 80 God realm experts, and there is also a peak God realm expert!"

"All of them are swordsmen. Their killing power is so terrifying!"

Some people widened their eyes and murmured!

"The heartless sword God. That's the heartless sword God from our sky blue planet. I remember now. It's him!"

"That's the sky-pointing sword God. He fought against three gods of the same level with four wisps of divine fire in our central region alone and killed them all!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Those three are the three sword gods of the Azure Sky Forest. Their swordsmanship is heaven-defying, and each one is more terrifying than the last. Back then, our sect master personally came out to recruit them!"

Suddenly, exclamations sounded from all directions!

When everyone heard these exclamations, their faces were filled with astonishment!

Their gazes simultaneously turned towards the over two thousand swordsmen!

Cold, heartless, and cold!

They stood there like divine swords, causing one's heart to palpitate!

"Divine Fox West Teapot!"

Wang Xian sat there. It was as if he didn't hear the roar of the eternal twin foxes and the shock around him!

He held the head of a pirate captain from the space pirates in his hand. He checked the memories in his mind and spat out a name softly!

He was bookkeeping!