Chapter 2201: 2201 Dragon Palace! Dragon King! 2

The sounds of shock and exclamations caused everyone to stare at the group of Dragon Guards and Wang Xian!

Their eyes sparkled!

In the past three years, the Dragon Guards had made quite a name for themselves in the Central Region!

The titles of the god of swords and their powerful sword techniques!

At this moment, they were completely recognized!

In addition, the Dragon Guards had killed 5,000 experts of the starry sky pirates in just a few seconds, which made them extremely moved!

Everyone saw the heaven and earth change after the fall of the gods!

A holy sword was facing the experts of the eternal twin foxes from afar, which made many people extremely shocked!

"Not only the life-killing sword God, is this the power of Princess Hu Yan 'er's mysterious fiancé? So Powerful!"

"More than 80 godly state experts. This power is even stronger than the combined power of our Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Hu Wen Celestial race!"

All the disciples of the Hu Wen Celestial race and the Divine Tiger dynasty were shocked when they saw this scene!

Was this the mysterious background of that Wang Xian?

Their expressions were a little ugly!

"However, even if he has such strength, he is still not worthy of our Princess Hu Yan 'er!"

The faces of the disciples changed as they spoke in a gloomy tone!

"You are courting death. Do you really think that the eternal twin foxes wouldn't dare to do anything to You?"

In the sky above the eternal twin foxes in the middle, an expert at the peak of the godly state stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression. His face was filled with killing intent!

Their eyes swept across Ao Jian, who was holding the holy divine sword above his head. Their expressions were extremely ugly!

Not long ago, an expert at the peak of the godly state dared to be arrogant in front of them?

If not for Princess Hu Yan 'er, they would have killed her long ago!

Even so, they were not prepared to let them off since they dared to kill people on the day their master took them in as his disciples!

"This... the expert of the eternal twin foxes is angry!"

Hearing the angry roar of the expert at the peak of the godly state, everyone felt a chill in their hearts. Their expressions changed slightly as they watched quietly!

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at that expert. A cold expression appeared on his face!

"How about killing a bunch of people who are courting death?"

He said indifferently!

So what if he killed those who were courting death?

Furthermore, Wang Xian didn't come here today to see the Master of God taking in a disciple!

"How about it?"

Wang Xian's arrogant words made all the disciples of the eternal twin foxes extremely furious!

"Arrogant Fellow, kill him!"

"Kill him! No one dares to be arrogant in our eternal twin foxes!"

Some of the disciples couldn't help but stand up and shout with murderous intent!

Everyone's expression changed instantly!

The group of eternal twin foxes'experts also stood up with extremely cold expressions!

"Princess Hu Yan 'er is here!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the entrance!

"Princess Hu Yan 'er has arrived!"

Everyone focused their eyes and looked at the entrance!

The expressions of the experts hovering above the eternal twin foxes changed, and they immediately returned to their seats. The godly state experts also immediately restrained their expressions!

At the center of the entrance, Hu Yan 'er slowly walked over from the center!

She was dressed in luxurious clothes and held a divine weapon staff in her hand. Her entire person was emitting a holy light!

Around her, Hu Fei, Hu Zhi, and the core experts of the Hu Wen Celestial race, the Tiger Emperor and Empress, were accompanying her!

Behind her, there were a few peak-stage immortal realm elders of the eternal twin foxes!

"So Beautiful!"

When everyone saw Hu Yan 'er's face, their eyes revealed a look of amazement!

"Eh? Ah!"

However, when Hu Yan 'er had just entered, she suddenly saw corpses one after another. She let out a low cry and her face turned slightly pale!

"What's going on?"

The expressions of the Tiger Emperor, Empress, Eternal Twin Fox, and a few other experts at the peak of the godly state changed slightly!

"Elder, it's... It's them!"An expert shouted with a gloomy face!

"Elder, it's... It's them..."

A disciple of eternal twin Fox walked over immediately. He looked at Hu Yan 'er and said to Wang Xian and the rest!

"Huh?"

The elder was slightly taken aback. Hu Yan 'er immediately raised her head and looked over as well!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

When she saw Wang Xian, she was slightly taken aback. Then, a smile appeared on her face!

However, when she saw the corpses beside Wang Xian, her expression changed again!

She moved and wanted to walk towards Wang Xian!

"Yan 'er, just let them handle it. Everyone is watching!"

When the Empress saw that she wanted to go over, she immediately stretched out her hand to stop her and said!

"Empress, please let go!"

Hu Yan 'er's expression changed. Wang Xian's words from yesterday had reminded her of something!

She frowned and said to the Empress! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

When the Empress heard her words, her expression changed slightly. She looked at Hu Fei at the side and gestured to her!

"Yan 'er, the time is almost up. Let's go over first!"

Hu Fei frowned and said to her!

"Father... i. . ."

Hu Yan 'er looked hesitant when she heard her father's words!

"It's alright. Some people are courting death!"

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er who was at the entrance. When he saw her troubled expression, he smiled and said to her!

"HMM, it's good that brother Wang Xian is alright!"

Hu Yan 'er turned her head and nodded with a smile. Then, she waved at him!

"Let's Go!"

When the empress saw this scene, she looked a little embarrassed!

The current her did not dare to offend Hu Yan er!

"This... Princess Hu Yan er seems to have a good relationship with that young man!"

"Princess Hu Yan er seems to be very concerned about that young man. Are they really not engaged?"

When everyone around saw this scene, they were astonished!

Their expressions changed as they looked at Wang Xian and the rest once again!

When everyone from the eternal twin foxes saw this scene, their expressions turned ugly. However, no one dared to say anything!

Their master had said that Hu Yan 'er would very likely inherit the entire eternal twin foxes in the future. Who would dare to offend her?

No one!

"Yan 'er is here, come, come!"

A group of experts at the peak of the immortal realm from the eternal twin foxes greeted Hu Yan 'er with a smile!

Hu Yan 'er nodded with a smile and walked towards the center of the square!

In the center of the square, there was a chair!

In front of the chair, there was a blanket and a futon on the blanket!

There were a few tables on the side with tea on them!

This was the item needed to wait for the arrival of the Double Fox god Lord to hold the ceremony!

"Yan 'er, you wait here now. The god Lord will arrive on time!"

The group of eternal double foxes experts said to her!

"Okay!"

Hu Yan 'er nodded and stood in front of the FUTON!

The fox-patterned celestial race's Tiger Emperor and Empress who were around her immediately walked to the front and sat down!

She stood in the middle. At this moment, everyone was looking at her!

"How Beautiful!"

Some people couldn't help but praise her!

Even the disciples of the eternal double foxes were looking at Hu Yan 'er who was standing in the middle with burning faces!

Following that, some of the eternal twin foxes'disciples and the Divine Tiger Dynasty's fox-patterned celestial race's disciples looked at Wang Xian and the rest who were standing at the entrance!

"HMPH, so what if you are a powerhouse who is at the peak of the Godly State? So what if you have more than 80 underlings of the gods?"

"You are not worthy. You are still not worthy!"

"Compared to the eternal twin foxes, you are nothing!"

Some people mumbled!