Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2202: 2202 Dragon Palace! Dragon King! 3

In the middle of the square of the eternal twin foxes, Hu Yan 'er stood there quietly, waiting for the arrival of the Divine Master of the twin foxes!

Everyone's gaze was focused on her. At this moment, they had forgotten about what had just happened!

When the people from the eternal twin foxes saw Hu Yan 'er's attitude, they did not bother about Wang Xian anymore!

At the entrance, only Wang Xian and the dragon guards were sitting there. They looked exceptionally eye-catching!

Wang Xian ordered the dragon guards to put away all the corpses and sat there waiting!

Ever since Hu Yan 'er arrived, the entire square gradually quieted down. Millions of people were waiting quietly!

Buzz

A red and green light suddenly appeared in the Void!

The two rays of light emitted a comfortable radiance, as if purple clouds had come from the east for a hundred thousand li, illuminating the entire sky!

A vast and holy figure slowly flew over from the center of the distant Twin Fox continent!

"It's Here!"

"God Master Twin Fox is Here!"

When everyone saw the abnormal changes in the sky, they immediately raised their heads, and their faces revealed a reverent expression!

"Huala!"

The skirt in the hands of God master double Fox waved slightly, and she instantly appeared in the center of the square!

She stood there quietly, and the entire world seemed to be centered around her! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Greetings, Lord God Master!"

Everyone from the Eternal Double Fox quickly stood up and shouted loudly!

"Greetings, Lord God Master Double Fox!"

Everyone around also immediately stood up and shouted loudly!

"Mm!"

Double Fox god Lord nodded her head faintly. Her gaze swept around her, and a satisfied expression appeared on her face!

However, when she looked at the entrance, she raised her eyebrows slightly!

"Hahaha, Double Fox, who hasn't taken in a disciple for hundreds of thousands of years, is actually taking in a disciple with such great fanfare today. What kind of disciple is it that you like so much!"

At this moment, a loud laughter rang out. A middle-aged man dressed in earthen yellow clothes appeared at the entrance!

His speed was very fast, like a ghost. When everyone looked over, they discovered that he was already sitting in a seat!

The middle-aged man sized up Hu Yan 'er in the arena!

"Oh? What a special physique, what a powerful wood attribute physique. No wonder, no wonder you two foxes took him in as a disciple in such a grand manner!"

The middle-aged man who had just sat down narrowed his eyes slightly, stood up, and said with a face full of shock!

"Haha, Seven Star, How about this disciple of mine? In the future, this disciple of mine has a very high chance of inheriting my mantle!"

Twin Fox god Lord looked at the seven star god Lord who had just arrived, and said with a somewhat proud laugh!

"Such a powerful physique, if I meet him, I will also take him in as an inheritance disciple!"

Seven star god Lord's figure moved and appeared directly on Hu Yan 'er's body. He sized her up with a face full of fervor!

"HMPH, seven star, don't even think about getting any ideas!"

Double Fox god Lord stared coldly at him!

"I didn't expect that Double Fox's luck would be so good!"

Seven star god Lord looked at her with some envy. With a move of his palm, a wood god Pearl that was emitting a powerful life force appeared in his hand!

"A peak God realm wood god Pearl for the little girl!"

As he spoke, he waved his hand, and the wood god Pearl floated in front of Hu Yan 'er!

"Hiss, what a big deal. A peak God realm wood god Pearl!"

"What kind of constitution does Princess Hu Yan 'er have? To think that even the seven star god Lord is so moved and wants to take her as a disciple!"

"The seven star god Lord is so honest and generous. It seems that he has also taken a liking to Princess Hu Yan 'er's talent!"

When everyone around saw the two master gods appear and seven star Master God's grand gesture, they were all incomparably amazed!

They were even more amazed by Hu Yan 'er's talent!

"Hehe, my luck has always been better!"

Double Fox Master God said happily!

"Then today, Congratulations on finding an heir!"

"Do you want to marry our outstanding eternal seven star disciples? Our eternal seven star disciples can marry into the family!"

Seven star god Lord smiled and said to Twin Fox god Lord!

"HMPH, don't even think about it!"

Twin Fox God Lord directly refused!

"Haha, then I Won't join in the Fun!"

Seven star god Lord laughed loudly. He had never thought that the other party would agree!

Twin Fox god Lord's Disciple's physique truly made him exclaim in admiration. He had given away such a treasure to form a good relationship!

After saying that, he moved and left!

"Marry in? This seven star god Master actually wants to marry in? A seven star outstanding disciple wants to marry in?"

"Even the seven star god Master wants to marry in, this..."

Hearing the seven star god Master's words, everyone's hearts were even more shocked. They looked at the young man at the entrance, whether intentionally or not!

"Congratulations to God Master Twin Fox for accepting such a good disciple. Before we take her as our master, allow our heavenly brilliant God dynasty to give Princess Hu Yan 'er a gift!"

At this moment, a peak deity realm expert walked over respectfully with a treasure in his hand!

"Congratulations to Double Fox divine master for accepting a disciple. The Light Wind Sword Divine sect has presented a gift to Princess Hu Yan 'er!"

"Congratulations to Double Fox divine master for accepting a beloved disciple. The Dragon Source Divine sect has presented a gift to Princess Hu Yan 'er!"

Some factions stepped forward to present the gift. Upon seeing double fox divine master nodding his head with a smile, the rest of the factions'experts hurriedly stepped forward and respectfully walked up to the precious divine item!

Every treasure was worth a lot, and it could cause a fight between God realm experts!

"Thank you, thank you, everyone!"

Hu Yan 'er saw the forces coming over to give gifts. She looked at the Double Fox god Lord and nodded. Then, she hurriedly took the gifts and thanked them!

The powerful forces rushed over with respectful faces!

This made all the members of the central fox-vein God clan look proud!

Hu Yan 'er was the disciple of the foxes. It was the glory of the Foxes!

The dozens of forces that came forward one by one.

Wang Xian looked at Hu Yan 'er who was in the middle of the scene. He saw that almost all the forces had already passed by.

He stood up slowly!

There were some matters that needed to be resolved before Hu Yan 'er became her master!

He walked down from his seat and the members of the Dragon Palace immediately followed behind him!

"Eh?"

The eternal twin foxes were slightly stunned when they saw Wang Xian walking over from the opposite seat!

They were even more astonished when they saw the group of dragon guards behind him!

"Young master Wang Xian, we know that your faction is very powerful. You Don't need to bring your subordinates here to deliver gifts!"

"After all, your little faction is only so-so!"

"I wonder what gift young master Wang Xian is sending Yan 'er!"

When the Empress of the Divine Tiger Empire saw Wang Xian walking over with a group of people, her expression was a little ugly as she spoke sarcastically!

Just now, when she learned that Wang Xian had such a powerful subordinate, she was extremely shocked!

However, she was still very displeased with him!

Was the faction under him very powerful? However, it was only so-so. At the very least, the Divine Tiger Empire might not be as strong as the godly state experts, but their overall strength was much stronger!

"I have three things that I want an answer from the master of double foxes. After these three things, I will naturally send you a congratulatory gift!"

Wang Xian led the members of the Dragon Guard to the center of the square and stopped three kilometers away!

His gaze swept across everyone in the double foxes and landed on the master of Double Foxes!

It was time to pay back the debt!