Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2203: 2203 Dragon Palace! Dragon King! 4

"Eh?"

"What is he trying to do? is he questioning the master of Double Fox?"

When everyone saw Wang Xian leading his subordinates to the scene and asking the master of Double Fox three questions, the expressions of everyone around changed slightly!

Leading his subordinates to ask the Master of Double Fox three questions, this scene seemed to have some ill intentions!

"Impudent! Be careful when you speak to our Master of God!"

An eternal double fox expert at the peak of the godly state shouted sternly with a cold expression on his face!

"Wang Xian, bring your men down quickly!"

When the Tiger Emperor saw that he had offended him, he roared with a gloomy face!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stood there without saying a word. He did not even look at them. He stared at the Double Fox Master of God with a calm expression!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at her and called out softly with a face full of doubt!

"You are very courageous and have some ability. However, you are still lacking if you want to match up to my disciple!"

"I will give you a chance to say three sentences. Speak!"

The double fox deity looked at Wang Xian and waved his hand slightly as he spoke indifferently!

At the side, Hu Yan 'er frowned slightly when she heard the words of the double fox deity. Her eyes were flickering!

"Ha!"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the double fox deity, he couldn't help but smile contemptuously!

He moved his palm and a corpse floated in front of him. With a wave of his arm, he threw it directly in front of the double fox deity!

"First thing, why did this disciple of the eternal double Fox find an assassin to kill me?"

Wang Xian placed his hands behind his back and asked indifferently!

"Huh? What!"

"Hiss, what's going on?"

Everyone's expression changed drastically when they saw Wang Xian suddenly throwing out a corpse!

At the back, many people from the eternal twin foxes stood up and stared at the corpse!

"It's the cry of the Divine Fox! It's the cry of the Divine Fox!"

Some disciples recognized the cry of the Divine Fox and exclaimed in shock!

"The cry of the Divine Fox is actually dead. Is this what you call it?"

An expert at the peak of the godly state had a gloomy expression as he stared at Wang Xian and shouted in a stern voice!

Everyone in the surroundings stared at Wang Xian in shock!

What was he doing here? He threw out the corpse of a disciple of the eternal twin foxes. was he here to provoke him?

Was he here to court death?

Behind him, Divine Fox night stared at Divine Fox Ming's corpse as his body trembled slightly!

"He wants to find an assassin to kill me. Why would I spare him?"

"I haven't finished the first thing. Divine Fox Night, he is following your orders to find an assassin!"

Wang Xian ignored the cold expression of the eternal double fox expert and continued to speak indifferently!

He turned his gaze towards the position of the Divine Fox Night. His eyes were extremely cold!

"You are slandering me! You are slandering me! You killed the disciple of our eternal double Fox and you still dare to frame me!"

"You're courting death! You're courting death!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the Divine Fox night was enraged. She roared at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression!

"You're slandering me! You're slandering our eternal twin foxes'disciple! You'll have to pay the price!"

The group of eternal twin foxes'experts stared at Wang Xian with cold faces. Their eyes were filled with killing intent!

"Wang Xian, don't mess around here. Do you know the consequences? Don't seek your own death!"

When the Divine Tiger Dynasty's Hu Wen Celestial race, the Tiger Empress and some of the experts from the Hu Wen Celestial race saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly as they shouted sternly!

After all, Wang Xian was still Hu Yan 'er's fiancé. If he were to mess around like this, it would have a huge impact on Hu Yan 'er!

It also had some impact on the celestial dynasty and the celestial race!

This made their faces extremely gloomy. They were filled with anger towards Wang Xian!

Even the Tiger Emperor and the empress were filled with killing intent!

"I'm warning you. If you don't have any evidence to falsely accuse us, the core disciples of the eternal twin foxes, and the crime of killing our eternal twin foxes'disciples, regardless of your identity, we will definitely kill you today!"

Sitting in the middle of the eternal twin foxes, the great elder stood up slowly. He waved his hand at the people beside him and shouted sternly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, six experts at the peak of the godly state led dozens of godly state experts to fly over from their seats. They held weapons in their hands and locked their gazes on Wang Xian and the rest!

"This..."

Everyone's expression changed slightly when they saw this scene!

This time, the eternal twin foxes were completely enraged!

Hu Yan 'er's expression also changed slightly. She looked at Wang Xian anxiously!

"Evidence?"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. He stared at the group of experts from the eternal twin foxes with a cold expression!

"If you want evidence, we can give you the dragon Spike!"

At this moment, a black and white phantom slowly appeared around Wang Xian!

Ao Yao's figure appeared behind Wang Xian. With a wave of his arm, he threw a communication stone plate at them!

"He found our dragon Spike to kill our Dragon King. Hehe, how interesting!"

"You dare to kill our King, die!"

A cold killing intent was emitted from Ao Yao's mouth. He stared at the eternal twin foxes and the rest of the powerhouses with a grim expression!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

As soon as he finished his sentence, numerous shadows flickered behind him!

About 2,500 strange demons slowly appeared in front of everyone!

"What?"

Everyone in the surroundings was shocked when they saw the shadows appearing behind Wang Xian!

"How is this possible? Dragon Spike is the Dragon Assassin Organization!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"That's right, it's them. The white shadows and the black and white shadows are the Dragon Assassin Organization!"

"Hiss, this... Dragon assassin organization. They were famous three years ago. Ever since they established the Dragon Assassin organization, which had no defeats, that Wang Xian is actually the leader of the Dragon Assassin Organization!"

Some of the powerhouses could not help but stand up. They stared at Ao Yao and the rest with solemn and shocked faces!

The Dragon Assassin organization was the most famous assassin organization in the entire boundless star field!

They could kill all the experts below the peak of the God realm. Moreover, since the establishment of the Dragon Assassin Group, they had never failed a mission!

The appearance of the Dragon Assassin Group had once made the big forces in the Central Area Panic!

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that this group was the king of the dark forces in the boundless star area!

They had never thought that the dragon assassin group was also that Young Man's subordinate!

Just now, the appearance of the group of Dragon Guards had already shocked them. Now, such a terrifying and influential assassin group had appeared!

"This... how is this possible? He... He..."

The expressions of the Divine Tiger dynasty and the Fox Mark Divine race changed when they saw the strange demon appear. They stood up and widened their eyes, filled with disbelief!

Even the Tiger Emperor and the Empress'expressions changed drastically!

Dragon Spike!

This was the dragon spike!

Even those forces that had peak deity realm experts did not dare to offend such an assassin organization!

"Bang!"

The communication stone plate fell to the ground with a crisp sound. It seemed to have smashed into the hearts of everyone from the eternal twin foxes!

The expressions of everyone from the eternal twin foxes were extremely ugly!

Even the dragon assassin organization had come out. The other party was basically able to produce enough evidence for this matter!

When Divine Fox night saw this matter, her expression changed drastically, and a trace of fear appeared in her eyes!