Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2204: 2204 Dragon Palace! Dragon King! 5

"You're talking nonsense. You're framing people. The Dragon Assassin Organization is your subordinate. Naturally, you'll do whatever you say!"

Divine Fox night stood there and saw many people looking at him. Some of the eternal twin foxes'disciples and experts were also looking at him!

His expression changed drastically, and his heart was filled with horror as he roared ferociously!

He could not admit it. He definitely could not admit it! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

His great-grandfather had warned him not to let anyone know that they were dealing with Hu Yan 'er's fiancé!

Otherwise, the Lord God might kill him for Hu Yan 'er!

Even if he did not kill him, he would be completely finished in the future!

He could not admit it!

"Godly Fox night, you actually found an assassin organization to assassinate brother Wang Xian!"

In the middle, Hu Yan 'er stared at Godly Fox night with a face full of anger. Her expression was extremely cold!

"I didn't. It has nothing to do with us. It has nothing to do with me!"

Godly Fox night retorted loudly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him with a faint smile on his face!

He looked at the dual Fox God!

The dual Fox God looked at her as well. There wasn't the slightest fluctuation on his face!

"The second thing!"

Wang Xian didn't reply to her immediately. He raised his head slightly and continued speaking!

With a wave of his arm, a corpse appeared in front of him as well!

Bam

Wang Xian casually threw the corpse onto the ground!

"What's going on now?"

When everyone around saw this scene, their expressions changed again!

"Oh no!"

When Divine Fox Haoran saw this corpse, his expression changed drastically!

"Divine Fox Haoran, do you recognize him? He is your subordinate. He came to assassinate my subordinate yesterday!"

"The next time you send someone to kill me, make sure you know before you make your move!"

At this moment, when Divine Fox Haoran heard Wang Xian's voice, his heart sank and he looked over!

He stared at him with a mocking expression, causing his expression to be extremely awkward!

At this moment, everyone around also looked at Divine Fox Haoran. After seeing his expression, they could basically confirm it!

"Why did Divine Fox Night and Divine Fox Haoran want to kill Hu Yan 'er's fiancé? Was it an order from the eternal twin foxes?"

"This is simply a huge face-smacking scene. The twin foxes god Lord recruited his disciple, but the eternal twin foxes killed the fiancé of the god Lord's Disciple!"

When everyone saw this scene, they started to discuss animatedly!

Some of them looked at Wang Xian and felt a little sympathetic!

"Yan 'er and that Wang Xian are not really engaged!"

When the Empress heard the discussions about the eternal twin foxes and saw the embarrassed expressions of the eternal twin foxes experts around her, she immediately said loudly!

"That's right, this is a temporary measure!"

An expert from the fox-patterned race chimed in!

"The third matter!"

Wang Xian swept a cold glance at the queen and the rest before landing on the body of the Double Fox God!

He waved his arm again, and the corpses landed in front of the Double Fox God again!

"They are from the space pirates. Could it be that the space pirates are also instructed by someone?"

"It should be. Although the space pirates are arrogant and despotic, they wouldn't go and find trouble with Hu Yan Er's fiancé for no reason!"

Some people said softly when they saw the corpses of the space pirates from earlier!

"Godly Fox Xihu!"

Wang Xian spat out four words softly and didn't say anything else!

On the stage, Godly Fox Xihu's eyebrows twitched when he saw the space pirates'corpses. There wasn't the slightest fluctuation on his face!

"Words have no basis!"

He stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"You should know some things yourself!"

Wang Xian said calmly as he looked at the double fox deity!

"There are three things. I wonder if the double fox deity will give you an explanation?"

She asked the double fox deity!

"An explanation?"

The double fox deity looked at Wang Xian as he swept his gaze across his subordinates behind him. Suddenly, he laughed mockingly!

"Yan 'er, there might be some people in the eternal double fox who are insensible. I will handle this matter!"

She turned her head and ignored Wang Xian as she spoke to Hu Yan 'er!

She didn't put Wang Xian in her eyes at all!

If she didn't consider Hu Yan 'er's emotions, she would have killed him directly!

The so-called three matters were a provocation and a joke in her eyes!

"Master, you..."

Hu Yan 'er's expression changed as she looked at Wang Xian!

"Haha, Master Dual Fox, does this mean that you are not going to give me an explanation?"

Wang Xian saw that Hu Yan 'er was ignoring him. He laughed out loud and asked coldly!

Boom

However, just as he finished his sentence, an extremely terrifying aura pressed down on Wang Xian!

"Master, don't!"

Hu Yan 'er's expression changed drastically as she immediately flew towards Wang Xian!

"HMPH!"

The Double Fox God master's expression turned ugly. The aura around him dissipated!

"Kid, do you know the price of provoking the god Master? You Asked Me for an explanation. Do you have the qualifications to do so?"

"Get out of the western region immediately. Don't ever let me see you again in the future. Otherwise..."

She stared at Wang Xian coldly and said in a cold tone!

She wasn't threatening him!

Although she was angry about the matter of the eternal twin foxes, this was their eternal twin foxes. They had to settle it themselves!

A Kid wanted her to give him an explanation?

Even if he was the fiancé of her disciple, he would still be punished with death if he dared to provoke her!

Hu Yan 'er's expression changed slightly when she heard the words of the Double Fox God. She bit her lips tightly and stood in front of Wang Xian!

Her face was filled with stubbornness!

"Yan 'er, come back!"

"Yan 'er, come here!"

The Empress and the Tiger Emperor's expression changed drastically when they saw this scene. Even Hu Fei and the rest stood up hurriedly and shouted at Hu Yan 'er!

At this moment, they also knew that the Double Fox Celestial Master was already angry!

"This... it has actually come to this point!"

"It seems like Hu Yan 'er really loves that young man!"

Everyone looked on quietly, their eyes shining brightly!

"Haha? You want me to get out of the Western Region? Or what? Kill me?"

"You are not the only God who wants to kill me, Wang Xian. What happened in the end?"

Wang Xian suddenly laughed maniacally when he heard the words of the Double Fox God!

A strong sense of confidence emanated from him!

"Double Fox God, if you can give me a proper explanation today, I might let Yan 'er take you as her Master!"

"Now, you don't have the qualifications to be her master. Furthermore, if you don't give me an explanation, I will ask for an explanation myself!"

Wang Xian stared at master dual Fox wantonly with a frosty expression!

An endless majestic aura emanated from his body!

At the same time, the divine kingdom's Dragon Palace slowly emerged behind him!

"What is he trying to do?"

"Me, the Dragon King?"

Everyone was filled with shock when they saw the endless power coming from Wang Xian and his divine kingdom!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an earth-shattering roar came from the Dragon Palace behind them!

A black dragon soared into the sky as nine divine wind dragons emerged from the Dragon Palace!

All the members of the combat divisions of the Dragon Palace flew out from the Dragon Palace and landed behind Wang Xian!

"Dragon King Offender, Kill!"

A roar resounded in the sky!

Dragon King Offender, kill!