Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2205: 2205 god Lord, listen to my command 1

Those who offend the Dragon King, Kill!

With a shout, the killing intent shook the sky!

There were more than 50,000 powerhouses in the entire Dragon Palace. None of them were weaker than a demigod level nine!

In the Dragon Palace, when Wang Xian left, there were more than 350 members with combat strength at the nerve level!

Now, with the addition of the Dragon Spur Division and the Dragon Guards, the combat strength at the deity level had reached more than 500!

There were nine experts at the peak of the Godly State!

They stood neatly behind the Dragon King, exuding a cold and violent aura!

In the sky, the dark blazing demonic dragon was circling around, exuding a terrifying pressure!

At this moment, everyone looked at the group of experts behind Wang Xian in shock!

Gulp

The sound of gulping could be heard clearly. Everyone stared at the group of experts from the Dragon Palace in astonishment!

"Ahem, this is... The Dragon King? They... They are the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace of the northern region. Hu Yan 'er's fiancé is the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace of the Northern Region, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

An expert felt the terrifying pressure from the members of the Dragon Palace and roared in a low voice with a shocked face!

His voice echoed throughout the sky!

The Dragon Palace of the Northern Region, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

This was a legendary force for the entire boundless star field!

The rise of the Dragon Palace directly cost half of the northern region. The Eternal Thunder God Lord of the Northern Region personally went on an expedition and returned in defeat!

The rise of the Dragon Palace in the entire northern region was an existence that could contend against a god lord-level force!

Some time ago, the northern region's thunder god Lord didn't hesitate to lower his status and sneak attack the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. In the end, the Dragon King was heavily injured and escaped!

After that, the furious Dragon Palace attacked Eternal Thunder one after another, causing it to lose several planets!

The Dragon Palace was said to be an existence that was almost comparable to the five god-lord-level forces!

Who would have thought that Hu Yan 'er's fiancé was actually the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

An overlord-level existence!

A true existence that could make the entire boundless star field tremble with just a stomp of his foot!

"This is simply unbelievable. No wonder he dared to ask God Lord Double Fox three things. He dared to kill the eternal double Fox disciple!"

"It's because the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has the qualifications and strength to do so!"

"The people of the eternal double Fox dared to send people to assassinate the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. This is simply courting death. This is a provocation to a powerful force!"

The people around looked at Wang Xian and mumbled in shock!

They finally understood why Hu Yan 'er's fiancé dared to face the eternal double fox divine master so arrogantly. He dared to demand an explanation from the double fox divine master without any scruples!

That was because he was the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. These four words were enough!

"No, no, this isn't real. This isn't real!"

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Hu Yan 'er actually saved the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace back then. Oh right, it seems like the Thunderclap Divine Master ambushed the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace in those few days!"

"This... this..."

Everyone from the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Fox pattern celestial race looked down and trembled!

Especially the Tiger Emperor and the empress, their faces instantly turned extremely pale!

In the past few days, they didn't give Wang Xian a good look and even mocked him!

They even berated him loudly just now!

They recalled how they said that Wang Xian wasn't worthy of their Yan 'er and that Wang Xian wasn't qualified!

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace wasn't qualified?

"How... how..."

Hu Fei, Hu Zhi, and the rest also had their mouths agape as they looked at the powerful overlord below!

How could they have thought that this was one of the two overlords of the northern region?

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at the group of experts behind Wang Xian with a face full of shock!

She had a dazed expression on her face!

This was his mysterious background!

"Dragon Palace!"

In front of them, everyone in the eternal double Fox suddenly stood up and stared at the experts of the Dragon Palace with a solemn expression!

Especially the demon dragon in the sky, which was giving off a power that made them tremble!

They had heard of this demon dragon before, and even the thunder god Lord of the northern region couldn't do anything to it!

"Dragon Palace Dragon King!"

Double Fox god Lord's pupils constricted slightly, and her face was filled with a solemn expression!

She didn't expect that the other party was actually the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

A young man who had threatened her earlier and had a disdainful look on his face was actually an existence who could contend against the Divine Master's forces!

The atmosphere instantly turned solemn!

"Double Fox Divine Master, is it me, the Dragon King, who will make a move, or are you going to kill him?"

Wang Xian stared at the Double Fox Divine Master and said coldly!

"Master Celestial Master!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, everyone in the eternal double Fox clan looked extremely embarrassed!

Especially Divine Fox Night Divine Fox Hao ran, Divine Fox Xi Hu, and the other two. A hint of fear appeared on their faces!

No matter what, they never expected that the person they wanted to kill would be an overlord of a region!

Divine Fox Xi Hu could not help but shout softly at her grandmother!

"Dragon King, you should know the reason why your Dragon Palace is able to fight against Eternal Thunderclap!"

"Your demonic dragon is no match for the Divine Lord. You are still far from our eternal twin foxes!"

"In particular, if you dare to fight against our eternal twin foxes, I think eternal thunderclap would be more than happy to come and kill you!"

The divine lord of twin foxes stared at Wang Xian and spoke with a cold expression!

The two green and red tails behind her were raised high, showing her serious attitude!

At this moment, she naturally could not hand over the disciple of the eternal twin foxes. Putting aside the kinship between them, as long as she handed him over, others would think that the eternal twin foxes were afraid of the Dragon Palace!

Furthermore, even if she knew that he was from the Dragon Palace of the Northern Region, she was not afraid!

The other party's strength was not stronger than the eternal twin foxes!

"Yan 'er, come here!"

After she finished speaking, she said to Hu Yan 'er!

"I was just an ordinary disciple of the fox-patterned celestial race in the past. More than ten days ago, I was only at the level of a demigod!"

"It was brother Wang Xian who raised me to the peak of the demigod realm. Furthermore, it was brother Wang Xian who gave me the special fruit that allowed me to possess my current physique!"

Hu Yan 'er bit her lips when she heard the words of the Double Fox God Lord. Her gaze was firm as she spoke!

More than ten days ago, she was just a slightly good-looking lady who had her engagement annulled.

She knew that she did not have a strong physique nor was she too talented!

Everything was because of brother Wang Xian. Otherwise, she would not have the strength that she had now and would not have been taken in as a disciple by the god Lord!

"What?"

Everyone's faces were filled with awe when they heard Hu Yan 'er's words!

The eyes of everyone from the Hu Wen Celestial race were also flickering. Their faces were filled with bewilderment and shock!

Many of them knew a little about Hu Yan 'er. She had been indifferent for decades!

Everything had changed after she saved the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Her entire life had undergone a huge change!

"So all of this is because of the Dragon King, the overlord of a region. It's possible for a powerful divine object to change a person's talent!"

Some people murmured as they looked at the eternal twin foxes with sarcasm!

The Dragon King had improved the strength and vitality of his fiancée, and now the eternal twin foxes wanted to take it away?

Not only that, but they also wanted to kill the Dragon King?