Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2206: 2206 divine master, Listen Up

What a joke!

At this moment, the way everyone looked at the eternal twin foxes changed!

Damn it, no wonder the Dragon King said that the Double Fox Divine Master was not qualified to be Hu Yan 'ER's master!

The eternal twin foxes'disciples had assassinated him, but the Double Fox divine master did not care and made him Hu Yan 'er's master?

How was this possible!

When God master twin foxes heard Hu Yan 'er's words, her face instantly turned extremely ugly!

Her chest kept heaving up and down, and her face was filled with frost! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Hu Yan 'er's attitude had undoubtedly indicated that she would not acknowledge her as her master!

She was the disciple of the god master, but she had been rejected under the gaze of so many people. It could be imagined that after today, she would become the laughingstock of the entire endless star field!

The eternal twin foxes were herself. This time, she had lost a lot of face!

"Dragon King!"

She growled in a low voice. Her eyes were filled with cold killing intent!

"Interesting. You people from the eternal twin foxes want to kill me. If you don't give me an explanation now, do you still want to make a move, divine lord twin foxes? Haha!"

Wang Xian laughed maniacally when he heard her words!

"Since that's the case, let's Make a move!"

Wang Xian waved his arm. His face was filled with a brutal expression!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, all the members of the Dragon Palace behind him raised their weapons. A violent murderous aura shot into the void!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the sky, the dark blazing demonic dragon fixed his gaze on the twin foxes. His cold dark pupils were filled with murderous aura!

In an instant, waves of terror spread out in all directions!

"Oh no!"

The expressions of the major forces in the surrounding, Western Region, and central region changed drastically. They all hurriedly retreated to the rear!

Their faces were filled with extreme fear!

"The strength of the Dragon Palace is so terrifying. There are at least 500 God realm experts, and at least nine of them are at the peak of the God realm!"

"Not all the experts of the eternal twin foxes have arrived, but even so, they are no weaker than the Dragon Palace. If a fight breaks out, it will be a bloodbath!"

All the forces were shocked!

If a fight broke out today, blood would flow for thousands of miles and the entire boundless star field would be shocked!

"Hua! Hua! Hua!"

All the people of the eternal twin foxes were shocked when they saw the experts of the Dragon Palace ready to fight!

Hundreds of thousands of eternal twin foxes'disciples instantly stood up and weapons appeared in their hands!

They also stared at all the members of the Dragon Palace with incomparable solemnity!

"Dragon King, I'm warning you. Take your people and get out of here now. Otherwise, I'll Destroy Your Dragon Palace!"

God master twin foxes'gaze swept across all the members of the Dragon Palace as she roared with a face full of killing intent!

She was not afraid of the Dragon Palace at all. In fact, as long as she contacted eternal thunderclap of the northern region, the god of Thunderclap would definitely agree to join forces!

When the time came, it would be a piece of cake to destroy the Dragon Palace!

"As expected of the god of twin foxes. You are still so arrogant and confident!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and stared at the god of twin foxes. His eyes were filled with coldness!

"Think carefully. Don't infuriate me completely!"

The double fox deity and Wang Xian looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with coldness!

If they were to really fight today, even if the eternal double Fox were to win, they would definitely suffer heavy losses!

It wasn't worth it to make a move!

However, if they were forced to a certain extent, she wouldn't be afraid!

As one of the overlords of the boundless galaxy, there was nothing to be afraid of!

"In that case, aren't you going to give me an explanation for the assassination attempt by the Eternal Double Fox?"

Wang Xian asked her calmly!

"Explanation? Hahaha, Dragon King, to put it bluntly, Your Dragon Palace is not worthy of an explanation from the eternal twin foxes!"

"If you dare to fight us to the death, you will be the ones who will be annihilated!"

The Divine Master of the twin foxes stared at Wang Xian with confidence!

"This...". Although the Dragon Palace was very strong, there was still a gap between them and the eternal twin foxes. Furthermore, the eternal thunderclap was their mortal enemy. If the eternal twin foxes were to join forces with the eternal thunderclap, it was very likely that the dragon palace would be annihilated

"In fact, it's already not bad that the Dragon King was able to make the divine lord of twin foxes do this. If they were to really fight, the best outcome would be for both sides to suffer heavy losses. But in the future, the Dragon Palace would definitely be at a disadvantage!"

The eyes of everyone in the surroundings flickered as they spoke in a low voice!

A battle between two overlords, a battle between two overlords!

They could only be bystanders and were not qualified to step in!

"Are you not qualified?"

Wang Xian stared coldly at the Double Fox God!

The Double Fox God also raised his head and stared at Wang Xian!

"HMPH, so what if you are the Dragon Palace? We, the Eternal Double Fox, are not afraid of anyone!"

Behind them, a group of eternal double fox experts stared coldly at Wang Xian and shouted sternly!

Wang Xian stood there indifferently and didn't say anything!

The atmosphere was extremely solemn!

Every second seemed unusually long!

When everyone saw the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace standing there quietly, they were slightly surprised!

A few minutes had passed, but why didn't the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace have any reaction?

What was he doing?

What was he thinking?

"Dragon King, my patience is limited!"

When the double fox deity master saw Wang Xian standing there without saying a word, his face revealed his impatience!

A staff appeared in his hand and his aura surged!

"Damn it, what... What is he trying to do?"

At this moment, the Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Godly Tiger Dynasty had extremely ugly expressions on their faces. When they saw the double fox deity master taking out his weapon, they were shocked!

The outbreak of war would be a disastrous blow to them!

This time, not only would they not be able to reap any benefits, they might even attract huge trouble!

This made them extremely regretful. At the same time, they hated the Dragon King!

Why didn't he reveal his identity earlier?

Why did he make an enemy out of the eternal twin foxes?

"I'm waiting for someone, but he's already here. Now, prepare to die!"

Wang Xian suddenly smiled faintly and said to the god of twin foxes!

"HMM?"

The Double Fox divine master was slightly stunned. A terrifying killing intent slowly shot out from her eyes!

"You brought this upon yourself!"

"Eternal double Fox disciples, leave no one alive today!"

The Double Fox divine master let out a low growl and raised the divine staff in her hand!

"Leave no one alive!"

All the eternal double fox experts let out a loud roar and gripped the weapons in their hands tightly!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Just as they finished speaking, a mighty aura suddenly came from the east!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Roars came one after another, and a terrifying pressure came crashing down from all directions!

From Afar, one could see ferocious creatures with eight legs and two huge pincers flying over!

Those terrifying creatures gave off a powerful aura, and there were more than a hundred thousand of them!

In front of them was an incomparably huge, ferocious monster that gave off a terrifying aura!

"That's... ? That's Lord Grim Dragon! It's Lord Grim Dragon from the Central Region! He's a new god Lord! Why is he here? !"

When everyone saw the huge figures flying over and saw the ferocious monster at the front, their faces were filled with shock!

The newly promoted god Lord in the Central Region was later known as the Grim Dragon God Lord!

The announcement instantly spread throughout the boundless star field!

His force was also known as the Grim Eternal Dragon! An existence that was even more powerful than the Dragon Palace!

However, at this moment, some people suddenly remembered what the Dragon King had said just now!

He was waiting for someone. Has he arrived?

"Eh?"

Everyone from the eternal twin foxes looked toward the void in the east with surprise in their eyes.

With such a vast aura, with such a huge fanfare, that Lord Grim Dragon had brought all of his subordinates?

"Boom! Boom!"

All of the creatures from the eternal twin foxes covered a part of the sky!

They stopped in the sky above the twin foxes continent!

Everyone raised their heads in astonishment!

"Weng!"

The figure of Lord Grim Dragon, who was giving off a terrifying aura at the very front, moved. He transformed into a human form and directly descended!

Seeing another Lord God appear, everyone's faces were filled with confusion!

"Dragon Palace's Ao crab greets the Dragon King!"