Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2207: 2207 divine Lord 3

"Dragon Palace ao crab pays respect to Dragon King!"

The disciple of Lord Grim Dragon flew over and shocked everyone!

But at this moment, everyone was stunned!

The invincible Lord Grim Dragon turned into a middle-aged man and landed in front of the Dragon King!

Dragon Palace ao crab pays respect to Dragon King!

These two words shocked everyone!

Everyone stood there stiffly, their eyes slowly widening in disbelief and shock!

"This..."

Everyone in the eternal double fox trembled as they looked at God Lord Long Zheng who was kneeling in front of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

Everyone's hearts were beating violently!

The double fox expert who was ready to fight and destroy the entire Dragon Palace felt as if his neck was being held!

"My God, how... how could god Lord Long Zheng Be a member of the Dragon Palace? !"

"Ao crab of the Dragon Palace! Ao crab of the Dragon Palace! God Lord Long Zheng is a disciple of the Dragon Palace and a subordinate of the Dragon King?"

Shock!

Disbelief!

Disbelief!

A powerful new god Lord in the Central Region, a force that could contend with a seven star god Lord, was actually a subordinate of the Dragon King!

This...

"God Lord Dragon Ferocity!"

When God Lord Double Fox saw this scene, her face changed dramatically, and her expression slowly became ugly!

A god Lord, and the Dragon Palace actually had a god Lord!

A Devil Dragon that could contend with the thunder god Lord, a true God Lord!

This force was almost comparable to two god Lords against their eternal double Fox!

This caused her expression to change drastically!

Ao crab's arrival had completely changed the situation of the battle. He could even completely crush the entire eternal twin foxes!

That was because ao crab was able to fight against the god-level twin foxes alone. As for the rest, there was no need for anyone else to make a move. A demonic dragon could wreak havoc on the entire eternal twin foxes!

"Listen Up!"

Wang Xian looked at ao crab in front of him and shouted softly!

"Roar!"

Ao crab immediately stood up and leaped into the air. He transformed into a terrifying devouring dragon!

"Listen to my orders!"

Ao crab roared furiously. The miniature devouring dragon behind him immediately appeared behind him!

They were emitting a terrifying murderous aura. Their eyes were fixed on the eternal twin foxes in front of them!

"Listen to my orders!"

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace below also shouted loudly. Their faces were ice-cold as they stared ahead!

The battle was about to start!

"Dragon King, Stop!"

"Let's talk it out!"

Seeing this scene, the expression of the Double Fox god Lord changed drastically and he hurriedly shouted!

"What, this... the eternal double fox has surrendered!"

"Hiss, the Double Fox god Lord has actually surrendered, this..."

"The Fierce Dragon God Lord is a member of the Dragon Palace, but he is the subordinate of the Dragon King. The gap between the Eternal Double Fox and the Dragon Palace is too big now!"

Some people said in a daze when they saw master evil dragon give in!

Master evil dragon was so domineering that she didn't put the Dragon King in her eyes even when she was facing the Dragon Palace!

But now, with Master Evil Dragon's arrival, a newly promoted master listened to the Dragon King and gave in!

If she didn't give in, everyone could predict the outcome!

In the entire eternal twin foxes, master twin foxes might be able to escape, but everyone else would have to die!

The foundation of the eternal twin foxes for hundreds of thousands of years had been destroyed in an instant!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared coldly at master twin foxes. His face was filled with mockery!

When she saw Wang Xian's expression, master twin foxes'facial expression kept changing!

Buzz

She stretched out her arm and grabbed at the back of the eternal twin foxes!

Buzz

"No, no, no, Lord God, please spare my life!"

Screams of pain rang out one after another. The Divine Fox Night Divine Fox Hao ran's body was directly grabbed over!

At this moment, their faces were filled with fear as they shouted in despair!

Bang

The Divine Fox master gritted her teeth and stared at Wang Xian. Then, she waved her arm!

The sounds of begging stopped abruptly. The two corpses were directly thrown in front of Wang Xian!

Wang Xian looked at them indifferently. There was no change in his expression at all!

He was still staring at the Double Fox Celestial Master expressionlessly!

"Dragon King, someone has harmed you. I, the Double Fox Celestial Master, will give you an explanation today!"

She gritted her teeth and waved the divine staff in her hand again!

"No, no, grandma, don't..."

The Divine Fox Xihu's face was extremely pale. She shouted at the Double Fox Celestial Master with a face full of fear!

He was the grandson of a god Lord and possessed immense power. Even the emperor of a dynasty could not compare to him!

But now, he was extremely terrified!

He knew that his grandmother might want to kill him in order to extinguish the Dragon King's anger and to protect the rest of the eternal twin foxes!

"Bang!"

The Double Fox God Lord did not show any mercy. With a heavy wave, the corpse of Celestial Fox Xihu landed in front of Wang Xian!

The three of them were all turned into corpses. This was the explanation given by the Double Fox god Lord to Wang Xian!

"Hiss, this... this... This is an apology!"

When the other factions around saw this scene, they were filled with shock!

When everyone from the Eternal Double Fox saw the three corpses, their eyes were filled with fear!

They would never have thought that the eternal double fox would have such a day!

"It's over, it's over!"

At this moment, the Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, who were beside the eternal twin foxes, were trembling and their faces were pale!

They had offended the dragon king, so what would be the result? Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Even the grandson of the Divine Master of the twin foxes, the outstanding disciple of the eternal twin foxes, had been killed, so what did they count as?

"How can the Dragon Palace be so strong? Why is he the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

The queen muttered in a low voice with a pale face. Her eyes were unfocused and she seemed to be on the verge of collapse!

"Dragon King, this time, it's our eternal twin foxes'fault. I'll apologize to you personally!"

Seeing that Wang Xian was still staring at him calmly, the god of twin foxes'expression changed as she spoke in a low voice!

"Don't you think it's a little too late?"

Wang Xian stared at her indifferently!

"Dragon King, don't push me too far. I admit that you can annihilate all of us, the eternal twin foxes!"

"However, there's a 100% chance that you won't be able to keep me here. As long as I'm still alive, if I were to join forces with Eternal Thunderclap, Your Dragon Palace won't have a good ending either!"

The god of twin foxes growled in a low voice with a stern expression!

"I'm sorry. I'm not afraid of threats the least. You Didn't give me an explanation just now. It's too late now!"

Wang Xian stared at the god of twin foxes with slight disdain and said in a cold voice!

"Dragon King!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the Double Fox Celestial Master roared with a mournful face!

Her eyes turned extremely red in an instant!

"Prepare the members of the Dragon Palace. Leave No one alive!"

Wang Xian roared with a cold face!

When he didn't have absolute power, the Double Fox Celestial Master didn't put him in her eyes. Now that Ao crab had arrived, she had to admit defeat and beg him to forgive her!

Was that possible?

Furthermore, Wang Xian did not dare to guarantee that if he let them off this time, they would not join forces with eternal thunderclap!

If he did not eradicate the root of the problem, he would have to pay the price!

Boom

In an instant, his aura soared into the sky!

The void changed color!

The expressions of everyone around changed drastically. The Dragon King was about to make a move!

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, at this moment, a sudden change occurred!