Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2208: 2208 divine master 4

"Rumble!"

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

Just as all the members of the Dragon Palace were about to make their move, the eternal twin Fox Disciples'faces were filled with fear and despair!

Suddenly, a vast voice came from the Fallen Immortal Island's divine tomb!

A gray, earthy yellow energy dyed the area within a hundred million kilometers!

The Heaven and earth resonated in unison. The congratulatory voice of the heaven and earth resounded in everyone's mind!

At this moment, everyone's facial expression changed. They quickly looked in the direction of the tomb of the Fallen Immortal God Island with their mouths slightly agape!

Even Wang Xian was attracted by this vast aura. His eyes were filled with shock when he swept his gaze over!

"This is? Someone has advanced to the realm of the Eternal Lord!"

He had a look of astonishment on his face as he mumbled!

"Dragon King, someone has advanced to the realm of the Eternal Lord!"

Ao he and the Dark Raging Demonic Dragon looked over and spoke to Wang Xian!

"The Lord has been born!"

The Double Fox Lord looked over and was also shocked!

Recently, the Lord had been born frequently. The peaceful boundless galaxy had been broken!

"First, the rise of the Dragon Palace, then the birth of the ferocious dragon lord in the central region, and now, the birth of the Lord. All the heroes in the boundless galaxy have been divided!"

"Someone must have obtained the inheritance of the divine tomb and advanced to a god Lord, and the inheritance in the divine tomb has been obtained by someone else!"

Exclamations came from the surroundings, and everyone looked in the direction of the divine tomb in awe!

"Rumble!"

"Hahahaha, lifting up the Eternal Divine Kingdom, comprehending the god Lord's law, and becoming a god Lord!"

"Hurry up and get out of my eternal divine kingdom, Don't disturb this god who is so high and mighty!"

At this moment, an even more powerful roar sounded.

Everyone saw the island in the center of the Fallen Immortal God Island slowly rise into the sky!

The earthen yellow sacred light shone for tens of millions of kilometers!

An excited voice suddenly came from within!

"Whoosh!"

At this moment, a figure surrounded by wood attribute energy flew out from within!

The figure stared at the eternal kingdom that was being lifted up, his expression somewhat ugly!

"That is? The Divine Leaf God Master of the Eastern Region, could it be that he had a conflict with the newly promoted God Master?"

When some people saw this scene, their faces were filled with astonishment!

"Weng Weng Weng!"

At this moment, in the sky, the main island of the Fallen Immortal God Island was suspended in the sky!

Below the God Island, a figure that was over 10,000 meters tall stood between heaven and earth!

The gray figure around him was like a towering divine mountain!

Around him, a shield that was like a city wall was slowly rotating around him!

"What a terrifying aura!"

Everyone felt the terrifying aura of the giant, and their faces were filled with shock!

"That... that is!"

Suddenly, an elder from the forces near the eternal double foxes in the double foxes continent square suddenly widened his eyes and stared at the towering figure in the sky!

"Yes, that's right, that's right!"

The elder stared at the towering figure in the sky with excitement!

His body trembled violently!

"Hahaha, it's Feiyang. That's right, it's Feiyang. He obtained the inheritance of a god Lord, and he actually became a god Lord!"

"Our Chen clan is going to rise up, our celestial clan is going to rise up!"

An elder beside him stood up and roared with excitement!

Around him, the faces of hundreds of clansmen were also flushed with excitement!

They had never expected that their clansmen's disciple would obtain the inheritance of the divine tomb and become an eternal God Lord!

Once he became a god Lord, their clan would soar into the sky!

"What? It's the Chen Clan?"

"That Lord God Lord is a member of the Chen Clan?"

All the forces around the plaza of the Twin Fox continent turned to look at the old man when they heard his words!

Their faces were filled with envy!

"Eh?"

Everyone from the Eternal Twin Fox clan also turned to look at the Chen clan!

"Lord God Lord, that Chen clan is a force of our Western region. It belongs to a small clan affiliated to our Eternal Twin Fox Clan!"

At this moment, an expert at the peak of the Eternal Twin Fox divine realm flew in front of God Lord Twin Fox and said with a face full of hope!

As he spoke, he looked in the direction of the Dragon Palace. His eyes were filled with coldness!

"Oh?"

God Lord Twin Fox was slightly stunned. A glimmer of light and hope flashed in his eyes!

Now that the Eternal Twin Fox clan was in a desperate situation, if they did not have a powerful helper, their eternal Twin Fox clan would definitely bleed like a river!

"Friends of the Chen clan, let your celestial disciples help us, the eternal twin foxes. We will give you half of the Western Region!"

"In addition, we, the eternal twin foxes, are willing to form an alliance with you and help you nurture your disciples!"

God lord twin foxes immediately spoke to the Chen clan!

"Oh? This..."

Everyone from the Chen Clan suddenly heard god Lord Twin Foxes'words, and their eyes flashed with excitement!

Give half of the western region to them!

This was an incomparably terrifying amount of resources!

It could allow their Chen clan to soar to the skies!

"Lord God Lord Twin Fox, we can't make this decision. We Still Need Fei Yang to personally decide!"

"However, we will try our best to persuade him. After all, the Western Region is our home!"

The Chen clan's patriarch suppressed the excitement in his heart as he spoke!

Even god Master Twin Fox called them friends!

Rise, truly rise, and soar to the sky!

"Good!"

God Master Twin Fox's eyes also shone with hope!

No matter what price he had to pay, he had to drag this newly promoted God master into his camp! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Otherwise, the entire eternal twin Fox would be doomed!

"As long as you drag him into your camp and combine with eternal thunderclap, even if you have two existences that can fight against God master, we can still destroy you!"

"Dragon Palace, just you wait!"

The face of the master god of twin foxes was filled with a cold glint. The humiliation today could only be resolved by destroying the entire Dragon Palace!

"Dragon King, should we make a move?"

When everyone in the Dragon Palace heard the conversation from the eternal twin foxes, they frowned slightly and asked immediately!

"No Need!"

Wang Xian looked at the towering figure in the sky and revealed a faint smile!

"This fellow, could he be the chosen one of the boundless star field? The Chosen One?"

He mumbled!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, the earth-colored divine energy that covered a radius of billions of miles gushed towards the towering figure that was tens of thousands of meters tall!

In just a short span of ten seconds, the earth-elemental energy was completely infused into his body!

Boom

The Eternal Divine Kingdom in the Void released an intense divine light, shining brightly in the world!

"Hahaha, I am just a speck of dust, but the heavens want me to stand high above and look down on all living things!"

"Today, I am the Eternal God Lord, the title, Mountain!"

A vast voice resounded throughout the sky, representing the birth of an eternal God Lord.

Representing the birth of an overlord in the boundless star field!

From then on, it stood high above, invincible in the boundless region!

The title, Mountain God Lord!