Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2209: 2209 god Lord, Listen Up

"Mountain! Mountain god Lord!"

The God Lord was born!

At this moment, millions of people on the fallen immortal God Island looked at the mountain god Lord in the sky!

His towering body and powerful aura made him look like a god who could stand tall!

He stood proudly in the sky!

Everyone took a deep breath, and their faces were filled with reverence!

"Feiyang!"

In the sky above the twin Fox continent, everyone from the Chen Clan revealed extremely excited expressions!

Their bodies moved, and they immediately flew towards the towering figure in the sky!

The mountain god Lord who was standing in the sky turned his head over, and a faint smile appeared on his face!

His body shrunk, and an incomparably mystical earthen yellow shield surrounded him!

Looking at the celestial race's people, he slightly raised his head and walked!

"Greetings, Lord Mountain God Lord!"

Some celestial race's disciples respectfully greeted Mountain God Lord!

"Father!"

He swept his gaze over and lightly nodded his head. Looking at his father and the others, a trace of a smile appeared on his face!

"Good, good. Feiyang, OH god Lord, you actually became a god Lord!"

An old man quickly walked over, his face filled with excitement!

"Feiyang, the eternal twin foxes have encountered some trouble. God Lord Twin Foxes said that if you help them get through this crisis, he will agree to give us half of the Northern Region!"

"Also, help us nurture disciples and form an alliance with us!"

At this moment, the Chen clan's patriarch walked over and spoke to God Lord Mountain with a face full of enthusiasm!

His face was full of anticipation!

"Oh? Half of the Western Region?"

Mountain god Lord was slightly stunned, and his eyes were also shining!

"Yes, now the eternal twin foxes have provoked a powerful force. The other party has a god Lord, an existence that can contend against a god Lord!"

"I reckon that as long as you appear, you might be able to resolve the eternal twin foxes'crisis without even needing to act. When that time comes..."

The Chen Clan's clan leader spoke with a face full of hope!

"Mountain God Lord, as long as you are willing to help us, the compensation that our eternal twin foxes have paid will definitely be to your satisfaction!"

On the eternal twin foxes continent's plaza, Twin Fox god Lord stared at him and spoke!

"Oh? Is That So?"

He moved slightly and looked towards the plaza!

"This is?"

Suddenly, when he saw the figure standing in the square, his pupils contracted slightly!

His face changed and he flew straight towards the direction of the Double Fox continent!

"Feiyang has agreed!"

Seeing Chen Feiyang flying over, the chief of the Chen Clan revealed an excited look!

After today, the Chen clan would rule half of the western region and control nearly a hundred life planets!

"Hahaha, everyone from the Dragon Palace, our eternal Chen clan used to be a subordinate force of the eternal twin foxes!"

"Today, our eternal Chen clan's disciples have advanced to the god Lord Realm. Give us face for the eternal twin foxes!"

The Chen Clan's patriarch followed closely behind Mountain God Lord and said with a loud laugh!

Mountain God Lord, who was flying in front of them, paused for a moment. His face turned a little black and he almost cursed out loud!

He sped up slightly!

"Eternal Dust Clan? There are disciples of the Chen clan who have reached the god Lord Realm. They are indeed qualified to be called Eternal Dust clan. They used to be a subordinate force of the eternal twin foxes. Are they going to join forces with the Eternal Twin Foxes?"

"It's very possible. After all, they are all forces of the Western Region. and the eternal twin foxes have promised such a generous reward!"

"Now, the eternal twin foxes are saved. If the Dragon King wants to destroy the eternal twin foxes'disciples, he'll have to think about it!"

When the surrounding forces saw the newly promoted mountain god Lord flying over, they were all shocked!

Their eyes flickered as they discussed!

"We're saved! We're saved! Once we join forces with the mountain god Lord, we'll join forces with Eternal Thunderclap in the future. We'll make the Dragon Palace pay a heavy price!"

The disciples of the eternal twin foxes looked desperate just a moment ago. Now, they were extremely excited when they saw this scene!

They would definitely make the mountain god Lord pay ten times the price for today's humiliation!

"Phew!"

Seeing the mountain god Lord flying toward them, the twin foxes god Lord also let out a slight sigh of relief!

However, what happened next shocked everyone!

The mountain deity master, who was flying towards the plaza of the Double Fox continent, headed straight for his seat!

He landed in front of the Dragon Palace and in front of the Dragon King!

"Hehe, Chen Feiyang pays his respects to the Dragon King!"

Chen Feiyang landed in front of Wang Xian. His body was half-kneeling and his face was filled with smiles!

"You are really the son of Fate!"

Wang Xian looked at him and commented with a smile!

"Hehe, that's because I have benefited from the Dragon King!"

Chen Feiyang stood up with a smile and stood at the side respectfully!

"Where's Mengxin?"

He asked Chen Feiyang!

"Mengxin is in the eternal divine kingdom. I have not mistreated her at all!"

Chen Feiyang said hurriedly. With a wave of his arm, a black hole appeared in front of him!

"Teacher!"

Liu Mengxin walked out from the black hole. She was slightly taken aback. When she saw Wang Xian, she immediately called out respectfully!

"HMM, it's good that you're alright. It's time to go back and take a look!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to her!

"It's teacher. Feiyang has leveled up to the god Lord Realm this time. I'll bring him back to see brother and Master!"

Liu Mengxin immediately nodded her head!

"This..."

He was stunned!

Completely stunned!

Not just everyone around him, not just the eternal twin foxes!

Even the Chen clan's patriarch, who had just said that he wanted the dragon palace to give him face, was stunned!

At this moment, his face was full of cold sweat!

What was he trying to do?

Chen Feiyang, who had just advanced to the god Lord Realm, actually bowed respectfully to the dragon king and stood aside respectfully!

He was obviously a little brother!

His words just now were like asking his big brother to give his little brother some face?

This...

"This... F * ck, F * ck... This new god Lord actually has a relationship with the Dragon King, and it seems that this is a good little brother of the Dragon King!"

"Oh my God, this is the second god Lord. Ao crab is a member of the Dragon Palace, and now this mountain god Lord is also the Dragon King's little brother. Is this going to cut off the eternal twin foxes'way of life?"

"Now, with the power of the Dragon Palace, even if the eternal twin foxes and the eternal thunderclap were to join forces, they would not be a match for the Dragon Palace. The Dragon King is simply too terrifying!"

Shocked voices came from all around!

At this moment, the eternal twin foxes'disciples were completely confused!

Now, they could not even tell north from south!

How was this possible!

"Huh?"

At this moment, something strange happened again!

A surprised voice came from the void and entered everyone's mind!

"Master Shenye!"

Some people realized that Master Shenye had appeared in the void without them knowing!

This gave them a slight shock!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian sensed this voice and raised his head to look!

"Brother Shenye!"

He looked over and shouted in astonishment!

"Little brother Wang Xian, Haha!"

The god of Shenye swept his shocked gaze across all his subordinates around Wang Xian and flew towards him with a loud laugh!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m