Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2210: 2210 was the beginning

Big Brother Shenye?

Little brother Wang Xian?

Everyone was stunned as they listened to the way they addressed him!

The appearance of Ao crab had already shocked everyone!

There was a mutation. In the end, the mountain god Lord appeared out of nowhere and turned out to be the Dragon King's little brother!

This left them extremely dumbfounded!

Now, the mutation had reappeared. The Divine Lord Shenye of the East had also appeared!

In the end, the Dragon King addressed him as Big Brother Divine leaves and the divine leaf master as little brother Wang Xian!

Just from the way they addressed each other, one could tell that the relationship between the two of them was definitely not shallow!

This... There were already two divine masters by the Dragon King's side. One of them was an existence comparable to a divine master, and now there was another divine leaf master?

"Cough Cough Cough Cough, the Dragon King actually addressed the divine leaf master as Big Brother? What kind of relationship do they have?"

"If I were the disciple of the eternal twin foxes, I would be scared to death right now. My heart is not good!"

"My Goodness, is this the power of the Dragon King? Is this the power of the Dragon Palace? This is too terrifying. who can withstand this!"

"Four God lords. There were only five God lords in the entire boundless star field before. Now, the Dragon King has called four!"

Everyone widened their eyes in shock!

Just as they had said, if they were the disciples of the eternal twin foxes, they would have peed their pants in fear!

Who could withstand this?

No one could!

It was too terrifying!

"Little brother Wang Xian, what are you doing? Do you need my help?"

The divine leaf master landed beside Wang Xian. His gaze swept across the eternal twin foxes. He narrowed his eyes slightly and asked with a smile!

"Hehe, Brother Shenye, prepare to destroy a god Lord and the forces of an eternal God Lord!"

Wang Xian looked at him and replied with a smile on his face!

Because of Hua'er and Cai'er, his relationship with God Lord Shenye could be said to be very good!

As long as there were two girls around, the Dragon Palace and Dongfang Shenye would be allies!

"It's not easy to kill a god Lord. A god Lord can return to his eternal divine kingdom in an instant. If you want to kill a god Lord, you have to be prepared!"

"However, if I team up with a few of your subordinates, it shouldn't be a problem!"

The divine leaf god Lord said with a smile!

Just now, when he saw the power around Wang Xian, he was extremely shocked!

The demonic dragon in the sky was exuding an extremely terrifying aura. He could clearly sense that this was an existence that could contend against the god Lord!

He had heard of another ferocious god Lord. It should be God Lord Long Zheng!

As for the mountain god Lord, who had clashed with him just now, there was no doubt about his strength!

Four years ago, the power that he could easily destroy had grown to this stage!

Even the current eternal divine leaf couldn't withstand a single blow from the Dragon Palace!

This made him extremely absent-minded. He recalled what his two daughters often said!

Soon, Old Wang would catch up to him and surpass the eternal divine leaf!

He had scoffed and even felt jealous!

The appearance of the Dragon Palace a few months ago had already shocked him!

Now, it had completely surpassed him!

Now that they had joined forces with the Dragon King, they could basically run amok in the boundless star field!

Whether it was because of their daughter or because of the Dragon Palace's strength, it was worth it to help them deal with a god Lord!

"Gulp!"

When everyone heard their conversation, their faces were filled with shock and fear!

What were they talking about?

They were talking about the god-exterminating Lord!

If word got out, perhaps no one would dare to believe it. God-exterminating lord?

But looking at the East Eternal Divine Leaf's god Lord, the Dragon Palace's Dragon King's Devil Dragon, the Fierce Dragon God Lord, and the mountain god Lord!

Just as the divine leaf god Lord had said, it shouldn't be a big problem to destroy a god Lord!

"Is this the foundation that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace dares to look down on the Double Fox God Lord?"

Some people murmured!

What happened today was unbelievable!

The Dragon King was too strong!

"The Eternal Double Fox is going to die, and the Double Fox God Lord is also going to die!"

Everyone thought in their hearts and looked extremely dazed!

"Brother Wang Xian!"

Hu Yan 'er had been standing beside Wang Xian the entire time. She watched as the god Lords addressed Wang Xian as Dragon King!

She felt a little dreamy as she watched the Divine Master Dongfang Shenye address him as a brother.

This was the young man whom she had saved back then. This was her fiancé?

"This..."

When everyone from the Divine Tiger dynasty saw this scene, they were all trembling in fear!

Was this the young man that they said wasn't worthy of Hu Yan 'er?

With such a force, who in the entire boundless star area wasn't worthy of him?

No, it should be said that in the entire boundless star area, who was worthy of the Dragon King?

"Our Divine Tiger dynasty is going to be finished!"

"I regret it, I regret it so much!"

At this moment, the Tiger Emperor and the Empress had ashen faces!

Their ending was already destined!

The Dragon King was so powerful. In the end, even if the Dragon King did not speak, some of his subordinates who wanted to curry favor with the Dragon King would destroy their Divine Tiger dynasty!

They were extremely regretful. If they had chosen the Dragon King back then and gotten close to him, they might have achieved great things in the near future!

"Huff Huff!"

The breathing of the Double Fox god Lord was a little hurried. He stared at Wang Xian and the rest, and his body was trembling!

Behind him, everyone from the eternal dual foxes was trembling!

The difference was too great!

"Get Ready!"

At this moment, a cold voice rang out!

This voice represented judgment!

All the disciples of the eternal dual foxes raised their heads in despair. They had lost their will to fight!

Buzz

"Ah!"

"If you want to kill me, even if I die, I will drag one of you down with me!"

Seeing the four masters locking onto her, a blood-red glow appeared in the eyes of the dual Fox God!

"Today, destroy the eternal dual foxes!"

"Today, destroy the God!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian stared at the dual Fox God, raised his arm slowly, and shouted loudly!

Today, destroy the eternal dual foxes!

Today, destroy the God!

Two orders were transmitted to the ears of everyone around the Fallen Immortal Island's God Tomb!

At this moment, everyone was moved!

This was the Dragon King!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

With two roars, dark thunder and ao crab did not hesitate at all. Their bodies moved and instantly attacked God Lord Double Fox!

"Die!"

God Lord Double Fox roared with a ferocious face. He did not care whether it would affect the disciples behind him or not. The divine staff released destructive energy!

"Hahaha, I, Chen Feiyang, am the chosen one. Today, I will experience it for myself!"

Chen Feiyang did not hesitate at all when he saw ao crab and the others attack!

His entire body instantly turned into a 10,000-meter-long body!

"Withered tree!"

God Lord Divine Leaf did not fall behind either. A resplendent divine staff appeared in his hand!

Tenacious yellow branches drilled out from the ground!

In an instant, this kind of withered wood covered the entire twin Fox continent!

The might of a god Lord could destroy the world!

The four God lords directly attacked the Twin Fox god Lord!

"Ahhhh!"

At this moment, because the Twin Fox god Lord didn't care about the disciples of the eternal twin foxes, the moment the god Lord's battle erupted, they were affected!

Miserable screams sounded!

The prelude to the destruction of the eternal twin foxes was drawn!