Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2211: 2211, the fall of a god Lord

"They're fighting!"

"Hiss, retreat, retreat, everyone retreat!"

A god Lord level battle began. When all the forces in the sky saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock!

They hurriedly retreated to the surroundings. Such a level of battle could affect a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

Everyone on the Double Fox continent flew out frantically!

"Retreat!"

Wang Xian also moved and brought Hu Yan 'er out with him!

A group of members from the Dragon Palace followed closely behind!

"Brother Wang Xian, my father and brother!"

Hu Yan 'er looked at the horrifying battle that broke out in an instant and looked in the direction of the Foxes in the middle of the square in Panic!

"Ao Jian, AO qitian, AO xingmu, bring some people to bring the members of the fox-patterned celestial race here!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The group of peak divine realm experts from the Dragon Palace did not hesitate at all. They moved and flew directly toward the group of the fox-patterned celestial race!

"Fox-patterned celestial race, let's Go!"

Ao Jian and the rest flew over. With a wave of their arms, streams of energy surrounded them!

"Go, Go, Go Now!"

Seeing the experts of the Dragon Palace coming to pick them up, all the members of the fox-pattern divine clan shouted at once!

At this moment, countless withered trees appeared on the ground of the Double Fox continent. The energy of the god Lord Level was wreaking havoc in the surroundings!

Being in the Double Fox continent was like being in hell. One could be affected by a wave of energy at any time!

In the surroundings, only the disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the Eternal Double Fox of the fox-pattern divine clan had left early!

"Quick, quick, let's leave this place as well!"

The Tiger Emperor and Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty glanced at the center and walked out in horror!

They did not even care about the members of the Divine Tiger dynasty around them!

"Those are the experts of the Dragon Palace! Kill them! Kill them!"

The eternal twin foxes disciples who were constantly dodging the attacks from the center looked at them with fear and Malevolence!

They were like evil ghosts in Hell, crazily attacking Ao Jian and the others!

"A group of people who are about to die, how dare they attack our members of the Dragon Palace!"

Suddenly, the voice of the Dark Infernal Dragon sounded in the sky, and a huge black dragon claw clawed at the Eternal Twin Fox experts!

The destructive power instantly made the eternal twin fox experts let out miserable screams!

"Run! We'll only die here!"

Some of the eternal twin Fox disciples saw this scene and shouted with faces full of Panic!

They lost the ability to resist and frantically fled in all directions!

"Hahaha, you want to escape?"

"The sky is round and the Earth is square!"

In the sky, a vast voice sounded out as a huge pair of legs stepped on the ground!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, a wall rose up from the originally square land around the Twin Fox continent!

The thick and impenetrable city wall was more than 100,000 meters tall, and it enveloped everyone within!

The Twin Fox God Lord, who was in the center, was also completely enveloped within!

"Oh no, the energy of the god Lords in the sky is wreaking havoc, and the surroundings are surrounded by the terrifying city wall. We're finished!"

"Ahhhh, I don't want to Die! I don't want to Die!"

All the eternal twin Fox disciples roared in fear!

They used to be nobles of the endless star field. They were all high and mighty. They hadn't lived long enough!

But they, the Twin Fox God Lords, didn't have the ability to save them!

She couldn't even protect herself!

"AO AO!"

The Twin Fox God lords'faces were filled with malevolence, and a berserk expression appeared on their faces!

Her body moved, and she immediately transformed into a double-tailed divine fox that was nearly 10,000 meters in size. An emerald-green fox tail and a fiery-red fox tail gave off a terrifying might!

"Wood burning!"

She let out a wild roar, and beams of burning heavenly wood shot towards God Lord Divine Leaf, Chen Feiyang, ao crab, and the Dark Blazing Black Dragon!

The air began to explode, and a terrifying attack shot into the sky!

"Let me do it!"

Chen Feiyang shouted, and earthen yellow shields appeared in front of the burning heavenly wood!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

An explosive collision was heard!

"Dead wood, bind!"

At this moment, countless dead wood flew toward God Lord Double Fox from the ground!

The dead wood gathered in the air, and soon, there were ten dead wood, each one a hundred meters thick, flying toward God Lord Double Fox!

"Get lost!"

God Lord Twin Fox swung his fiery-red Fox tail and struck at the withered trees!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Flames flew in all directions!

"Spring comes to the withered trees!"

One by one, the withered trees were ignited. God Lord Divine Leaf waved the divine staff in his hand, and the withered trees instantly turned emerald green, extinguishing the flames! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Ten withered trees wrapped around god Lord Twin Fox's body!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Ao Xie and the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon attacked God master double fox from both sides of the sky!

The terrifying dragon claws directly clawed at her body!

"Roar! Roar!"

God master double Fox's face was filled with a ferocious roar. She raised her head and spat out two balls of flames at them!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

However, her body was temporarily restrained. It was not so easy for her to block the attacks of two experts of the same level!

"Peng Peng!"

The dragon claws clawed at her body, and the terrifying power directly left deep wounds on her body!

In an instant, blood splattered everywhere!

"Four eternal God masters attacking one. The Suppressive Force is too strong!"

"They are all of the same level. It's very, very difficult to fight four of them one-on-one!"

"The disciples of the eternal twin foxes in the surrounding area, under the terrifying aftermath, even peak God realm experts couldn't resist!"

In the surrounding void space, everyone was shocked when they saw the battle on the twin foxes continent!

All the disciples of the eternal twin foxes died in the shockwaves. Even the peak of the god realm couldn't resist the shockwaves!

The twin foxes god Lord was instantly suppressed when she faced four people of the same level!

Although she had two attributes, she only controlled the flame law. She was suppressed too much!

"Gulp!"

The Tiger Emperor and Empress who had escaped from the Double Fox continent saw the scene below and felt their scalps go numb!

The Invincible Double Fox Divine Master was injured in an instant!

They had wanted to curry favor with the Double Fox divine master, but now...

"Pu!"

Suddenly, a bloody scar appeared on the Tiger Emperor's neck!

His body stiffened, and his eyes widened as he looked stiffly in the direction of the Dragon Palace!

"Ah!"

At the side, she sensed a horrifying scream from the Empress and quickly dodged to the side!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, Ao Jian and AO qitian appeared in front and behind her. Ao Yao was hiding in the void, waiting for an opportunity to move!

Without the Order of the Dragon Palace, Ao Yao and Ao Jian knew who deserved to die and who didn't!

"It's the Tiger Emperor of the Divine Tiger Dynasty. He was instantly assassinated by the experts of the dragon assassin organization. The experts of the Dragon Palace want to kill the Empress!"