Chapter 2212: 2212 divine Lord was killed, the world was shocked

In the void next to the Double Fox continent, everyone heard the Empress Scream and immediately looked in that direction!

Seeing the Tiger Emperor who was assassinated, everyone was shocked!

Ao Jian and Ao Qitian locked their eyes on the Empress of the Divine Tiger Dynasty, and their eyes were full of killing intent!

The Empress stood in the middle and stared at Ao Jian and Ao Qitian with fear written all over her face!

"What?"

The disciples of the Divine Tiger Dynasty and the fox-pattern divine race looked over and saw the two experts of the Dragon Palace and the slain Tiger Emperor. Their hearts pounded violently!

"Save me, save me!"

At this moment, even though the empress was at the peak of the divine realm, she still turned to Hu Fei, Hu Yaoguang, and Hu Yan 'er of the fox-pattern divine race and pleaded for help!

"Yan 'er, plead on my behalf. I'm the clan leader of the Hu Wen clan, I'm a member of the Hu Wen Clan!"

Cries for help came out of her mouth as she shouted in despair!

"You have to pay a price for offending US Dragon Kings!"

Ao jian stared at her coldly without any emotion!

Although it was true that the Empress was a member of the Hu Wen clan, what she had done was enough to kill her!

Hearing the words of the experts from the Dragon Palace, Hu Fei, Hu Yaoguang, and the others opened their mouths and finally turned their heads to the side!

Hu Yan 'er looked over and frowned slightly. She turned her head and did not speak!

She had a good impression of the empress at first, but later on, she realized that the Empress was doing it for her own selfish desires!

The other experts from the Hu Wen celestial race trembled and lowered their heads without saying a word!

Come to think of it, they were also accomplices!

Back then, they had mocked the Dragon King. Back then, they had released news saying that the Dragon King was not worthy of their Fox pattern divine race's Hu Yan 'er!

Now?

Not Worthy?

The Dragon King was able to order four god Lord level existences to surround and kill the Double Fox God Lord!

Was this kind of existence something that the Tiger Emperor and Empress could provoke?

Death was their end. No one felt that there was anything wrong with it!

The experts from the surrounding forces glanced over, their eyes filled with mockery!

If the Divine Tiger Dynasty had chosen to stand on the Dragon King's side back then, the outcome would have been completely different. In the future, the entire Divine Tiger Dynasty would soar into the sky!

Now, it might not be long before the Divine Tiger Dynasty ceased to exist!

"Kill!"

Ao jian shouted in a low voice, and the heartless sword principle instantly attacked the Empress!

Ao qitian, who was on the opposite side, did not hesitate at all. The metal rod in his hand violently smashed down!

Twenty seconds later, a miserable cry sounded. The Divine Tiger Dynasty's Empress had died!

However, at this time, the death of the Divine Tiger Dynasty's Tiger Emperor and Empress was already insignificant in the eyes of the surrounding people!

Today, more than a dozen peak divine realm experts of the eternal twin foxes had already died! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Well, the Chen clan celestial race pays their respects to the Dragon King. Dragon King, it's my fault for being insensible. I've offended you just now!"

At the side, the Chen clan's patriarch trembled when he saw the Divine Tiger Dynasty's empress being killed!

His expression changed as he walked towards the Dragon King. His face was filled with humility!

When he thought of how he had asked the Dragon King to give face to their eternal Chen clan, his brows twitched non-stop!

He was simply too arrogant!

A group of Chen clan's disciples followed behind with an awkward look on their faces!

"It's alright. We're all on the same side!"

Wang Xian looked at them and smiled!

"Thank you, Dragon King, for your magnanimity. Thank you, Dragon King, for your magnanimity!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, they heaved a heavy sigh of relief and wiped the cold sweat off their foreheads with a smile.

They sneaked a glance at Liu Mengxin and waved at her!

"Mengxin, what's your relationship with the Dragon King? And Feiyang? Why didn't we hear your reminder?"

Chen Feiyang's father asked in astonishment!

"Father, the Dragon King and the Dragon Queen saved Feiyang's life. My Brother is the Dragon King's only disciple and my master is the Dragon Queen!"

Liu Mengxin said with a smile!

"I see! I See! Good, good, good!"

Hearing Liu Mengxin's words, everyone in the Chen clan was excited!

With this relationship, the Chen clan would be able to stand tall in the endless star area!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

Right at this moment, loud explosions echoed. The Twin Fox continent in front of them slowly collapsed under everyone's shocked eyes!

The continent within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers could not withstand their destructive power at all!

God Lord Twin Fox floated in the void covered in blood. She bared her teeth and stared at the four people around her, including God Lord Divine Leaf, ao crab, an lie, and Chen Feiyang!

Her expression was incomparably savage. Her two enormous tails swayed in the void!

"Surrender without a fight. We might leave you with a complete corpse. We are still kinder!"

Ao he stared at Double Fox with his cold eyes and said mockingly!

The four of them locked their eyes on double fox. There were pieces of rocks floating around them, and the entire space was filled with all kinds of powerful energy!

"Hahaha, it's not that easy to kill a god Master!"

"Eternal Divine Leaf, Dragon Palace, just you wait. I, Double Fox God Master, will be your enemy for the rest of my life, and you will never have peace!"

Double Fox Divine Master roared at them crazily with a mournful face.

"You stay here and keep him busy. I will go to her eternal divine kingdom!"

Divine leaf divine master frowned slightly when she heard her words. She immediately transmitted her voice to ao crab and the others!

"Okay, then I will have to trouble divine leaf divine master. We can not let her escape!"

Ao crab and the others nodded!

The Eternal God master was different from the godly state experts. Upon reaching the Eternal God master level, one could instantly return to their eternal divine kingdom!

If one wanted to kill him, one had to enter his eternal divine kingdom and completely wipe him out!

However, some eternal God masters would place their divine kingdoms in abnormally secret places. As long as they did not find their eternal God master, they could hardly kill him!

The Eternal Divine Kingdom of God Master Twin Fox was located in the center of the Eternal Twin Fox. God Master Shenye wanted to lock onto her eternal divine kingdom in advance to prevent her from escaping!

"Kill!"

Ao he and the others roared and directly attacked God Master Twin Fox.

Although god Master Twin Fox was a veteran God Master, even ao he alone could suppress her.

This was the power of the Devouring Dragon Bloodline!

"It's very difficult to kill a god Lord. This god Lord is probably going to escape!"

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared in Wang Xian's mind!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A Ray of light flashed across his eyes!

"Old Thing, spit it out!"

His eyes flashed as he transmitted his voice to the voice in his mind!

"Huff, Huff, Huff. I'm so angry. I'm the void God Emperor, yet I'm being berated by a little god like you!"

The Tiancheng god Emperor's face was flushed red as he growled in a low voice from within the uninitiated holy wings that were retracted behind Wang Xian's Back!

However, he did not dare to say it out loud after witnessing this Brat's temper. Furthermore, he wanted this brat to witness his abilities!