Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2213: 2213, the loss of the Divine Lord

"Once a cultivator cultivates to the realm of eternal divine lord, they will be able to merge with the Eternal Divine Kingdom. With just a little time, they will be able to return to the Divine Kingdom!"

"Unless the immortal King makes a move and uses his immortal domain to sever the connection, or if they are in a special space!"

"It will be difficult for your four subordinates and friends to kill the two Fox Divine Lords. Once they escape, they will immediately flee with the Eternal Divine Kingdom!"

The Tiancheng Celestial Emperor sat in the illusory space of the incipient saint wings and transmitted his voice to Wang Xian in a bad mood!

He wanted to gain the trust of this fellow now. Otherwise, he would be trapped here forever!

"You have a way?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled when he heard his words!

Wang Xian had some understanding of the eternal lord. Apart from controlling the laws, the Eternal Lord also had a powerful ability to escape!

That was to be able to return to his divine kingdom in an instant!

This was also the reason why the eternal God Lord would leave behind the divine tomb!

He was not sure if the dual Fox god Lord would escape. Once he did, it would indeed be a bigger problem!

"I am a mighty divine emperor. Naturally, I have my ways. If I were still at my peak, I would be able to kill such an existence with one hand. I wouldn't even need to use the formation!"

The god-emperor of Heaven's formation's voice entered his mind!

"Alright, stop bragging. Don't you know what you are like now? Don't you know what you are doing?"

Wang Xian said to him calmly, "If you have a way, tell me quickly!"

"Huff! Huff!"

An angry voice entered Wang Xian's mind!

"Kid, although I am only a soul now, as long as you give me some spirit stones and treasures, I can still set up a simple formation!"

Tiancheng god-emperor said proudly!

"Roar! Roar!"

"Just you wait, just you wait. Eternal Divine Leaf, Dragon Palace, you will live in the nightmare of my twin foxes in the future!"

Suddenly, an extremely shrill voice sounded in front of them!

Flame Flowers shot into the void one after another. The flame flowers were extremely terrifying, like world-extinguishing sparks!

"This is the flame law she has comprehended. Be careful!"

Ao crab immediately warned loudly. He raised his head, and his entire ferocious head suddenly enlarged!

The Terrifying Dragon Head of the devouring dragon turned into a hundred kilometers long, and it devoured the world-extinguishing sparks one by one!

"So terrifying!"

When everyone saw this scene, a look of shock appeared on their faces!

This was the first time that everyone present had seen an eternal God master fighting with his life on the line!

"I will come back and look for you!"

The voice of the eternal twin foxes sounded as her figure slowly became illusory!

"We can't let him leave!"

Chen Feiyang and the Dark Raging Devil Dragon's expressions changed slightly as they roared loudly!

Divine Leaf God master was currently heading towards the eternal twin foxes and had yet to arrive!

Once she returned, she might be able to use the eternal kingdom to flee!

"Kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke, you can't Stop Me. Remember what I said!"

Her face was extremely ferocious, and her blood-red eyes emitted terrifying words!

"Weng!"

In the next moment, her body directly disappeared!

"Oh no!"

Chen Feiyang and the others'expressions slightly changed when they saw this scene!

"This guy saw God Master Shenye leave and guessed that she should be going to her eternal divine kingdom!"

An lie also sank slightly!

"She escaped. Double Fox God master actually escaped. Once she escaped, a god master would launch a sneak attack. Even the Dragon Palace and eternal divine leaf wouldn't be able to hold on!"

"She could escape under the siege of so many people of the same level. Is this the power of the Eternal God Master?"

When everyone saw the Double Fox God leaving, they were all shocked!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he also frowned slightly!

"Do you have any ideas?"

Wang Xian frowned and transmitted his voice to the god of formation!

"Hehe, Kid, now you know how to look for me!"

The god of formation smiled smugly!

"Do you have any divine artifacts? Any divine artifact is fine. Take five of them and some spirit stones!"

However, he didn't slack off and immediately spoke up!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and spoke to Prime Minister Gui!

"Dragon King!"

Soon, five divine artifacts were floating in front of Wang Xian. There were even supreme-grade spirit stones beside them!

"Supreme-grade spirit stones are barely enough!"

"I might be exhausted after performing this move. You have to remember my kindness and be more respectful when you speak to me in the future!"

As the Tiancheng God-emperor spoke, the divine weapon in front of him spun and formed a circle!

Top-grade spirit stones landed in the middle and a unique rhythm was transmitted from the void!

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with astonishment!

Although he knew about arrays, he had never seen a truly powerful array master before!

This old man claimed to be the void god-emperor and the Tiancheng god-emperor. That meant that he had terrifying attainments in arrays!

"Dragon King, let that fellow escape. We will chase after him immediately. With the help of God Lord Shenye, we should be able to take him down!"

At this moment, ao he and the rest flew over and said to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian waved his hand at them, indicating for them to keep quiet!

Buzz

When the spiritual stones landed in the middle of the divine weapon, they seemed to be attacked by a terrifying force and were destroyed immediately!

Slowly, the five divine weapons also collapsed rapidly!

"What is the Dragon King doing?"

"I don't know. Hiss, the divine weapons actually collapsed one by one. What kind of force is this!"

When the surrounding people saw the situation on Wang Xian's side, they were shocked!

Buzz

Slowly, a black hole appeared in the Void!

"This is the void enemy-hunting formation. Through the blood of the Double Fox God Lord, we can lock onto the location of his eternal divine kingdom!"

"Through this black hole, we can instantly reach the sky above his eternal kingdom!"

"TSK TSK, there's a saying in the universe, don't Mess with the formation master!"

The arrogant voice of the Celestial Master of Heaven's formation entered Wang Xian's mind.

"Are you sure that the opposite side of this black hole is the eternal kingdom of the Double Fox Celestial Master?"

Wang Xian looked at the black hole in front of him and said in disbelief!

"You... You Brat, do you think I, the Almighty Divine Emperor, can lie to you? !"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven Formation choked when he heard Wang Xian's words and roared furiously!

"That might not be the case!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian looked behind him and gestured for a disciple of the Dragon Palace to enter!

That disciple nodded and immediately stepped into the black hole!

Buzz

Through sensing the situation of that disciple of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows!

"Ao he, Chen Feiyang, and an lie, follow me in!"

Wang Xian moved his body and stepped into the black hole!

"Let's Go!"

Ao he and the rest did not hesitate and followed closely behind!

"What are the Dragon King and the rest doing?"

Everyone around was filled with astonishment when they saw Wang Xian and the rest entering the black hole!

"Dragon Palace, just you wait. Eternal Divine Leaf, just you wait!"

"Today, I, God Master Twin Fox, Will Be Your Nightmare!"

At this moment, in the center of Eternal Twin Fox, a huge fox building in the shape of a twin-tailed god floated in the air.

The entire area of the twin-tailed god Fox building was tens of millions of kilometers wide!

God Master Twin Fox, who appeared in the god country covered in blood, had a ferocious look on his face!