Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2214: 2214 god Lord was injured, the world was shocked

"Run, that God leaf will be here in five minutes at most!"

"However, five minutes is enough!"

Double Fox god Lord Licked the wounds on her body. She came to the top of her eternal divine kingdom's double-tailed divine Fox's head!

She raised her head high and looked at the planets around her. Her eyes were cold!

"I, the Twin Fox God Lord, have stood in the boundless star area for hundreds of thousands of years. This is the first time I have been like a stray dog. I will repay today's grudge tenfold!"

"Ao ao ao ao!"

As she spoke, she raised her head. A terrifying Fox cry was transmitted to the surroundings. Everyone within a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers could hear it clearly!

On the surrounding vital planets, everyone heard the angry roars that contained their lives. Their faces were filled with shock!

"What is that sound? It's so terrifying!"

"It seems to be coming from the Divine Kingdom of our Double Fox God Lord!"

Experts immediately flew out from the planets and looked in the direction of the Eternal Divine Kingdom in shock!

In the sky, there was a blood moon in the sky!

The incomparably huge double fox god Lord was crouching in the sky above the eternal divine kingdom, his blood-red eyes filled with coldness!

When everyone saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock!

This, what exactly happened?

"Let's Go!"

Double Fox god Lord shouted softly, and the Eternal Kingdom, which had stood there for more than 100,000 years without moving, slowly began to move!

"Weng!"

However, at this moment, in the sky above the eternal kingdom, a black hole appeared out of thin air!

The Double Fox Divine Master, who was lying on top of the Eternal Kingdom, did not notice the sudden appearance of the black hole!

Her blood-red eyes scanned her surroundings with nostalgia. Her eyes were filled with hatred!

"Dragon King, you will regret what happened today!"

"Hahaha!"

She began to laugh maniacally. The entire eternal kingdom was emitting a mighty aura!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian and the rest walked out slowly from the black hole in the void above them!

"Double Fox, what are you regretting?"

Wang Xian replied indifferently when he heard his words!

"Huh?"

Double Fox god Lord's ferocious face was completely frozen. When she raised her head and saw Wang Xian and the rest in the void, her pupils contracted slightly!

"Old Hag, you still want to escape?"

Chen Feiyang stared at the dual fox deity master mockingly. With a move of his body, he transformed into a 10,000-meter-tall body!

"Shh Shh!"

He whistled softly. The sound of the whistle spread over a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

"TSK TSK TSK!"

The Dark Inferno dragon laughed and flew to another location. He let out a mocking smile!

Ao crab also transformed into a terrifying devouring dragon and locked onto the dual fox deity master completely!

"No, no, this... how is this possible? How could you guys appear here all of a sudden? !"

The Double Fox Celestial Master's face was a little dazed and her body was completely frozen. She stared at Wang Xian and the rest in disbelief.

From the Fallen Immortal Island to here, even the Celestial Master had to fly for six to seven minutes!

How could they be so fast?

How was this possible? !

"Nothing is impossible!"

Wang Xian stared at him, his face full of cold color!

At the same time, for the incipient holy wings of that soul, Wang Xian also slightly surprised!

Maybe the old man wasn't lying to him!

It's just, it's a bit expensive to teleport directly here!

Five artifacts collapsed!

"Jie Jie Jie, this time see you still how to escape, die!"

The Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon's face was filled with a sinister and wild roar as he directly attacked the Twin Fox Divine Master who was lying on top of the Eternal Divine Kingdom!

"This is my first time killing a divine master, I don't know what I feel, Hahaha!"

Chen Feiyang's eyes were filled with excitement as well. His entire body was like a mountain. With a raise of his arm, a mountain that was hundreds of thousands of kilometers in size appeared in the sky above him!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The incomparably terrifying mountain directly smashed towards the eternal divine kingdom!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Ao crab's eighteen claws followed closely behind!

"No, no, no, I, Twin Fox, AM NOT RECONCILED!"

Twin Fox Divine Master, who was already heavily injured, roared with a face full of indignation!

In the endless star field, there had never been a situation where an eternal divine master had been killed!

There had never been a god Lord who had died in battle!

But now, in the boundless Starfield, she would be the first!

"What is this situation? Then who is the person who attacked our Double Fox God Lord?"

At this moment, the experts and eternal double Fox disciples from the surrounding life planets saw this scene in the void, and their faces were filled with shock!

They stared at the void in disbelief!

Their god Master was actually attacked by three similarly terrifying existences!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Twin Fox god Master leaped forward. She wanted to resist, wanted to escape!

Terrifying energy slanted!

"Laws, mountains shake the world!"

A majestic and mighty roar sounded, and Dufei Yang raised his head, and the earthen yellow shield around him spun rapidly!

An incomparably terrifying mountain appeared in the void and fell heavily towards the ground!

"Bang!"

The dual Fox god Lord who collided with it was like a kite with a broken string!

On both sides, the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon and ao crab's fatal attacks followed closely behind!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Flames flew in all directions. The head of the eternal divine kingdom that looked like the dual-tailed divine fox was directly shattered!

The dual Fox god Lord's body landed heavily in the divine kingdom. There was no sound at all!

In an instant, the surrounding space seemed to have fallen silent!

Wang Xian floated in the void and watched the scene in front of him indifferently!

One second, two seconds... ten seconds...

On the surrounding planets, the disciples of the Eternal Double Fox were watching this scene in astonishment!

In the void, more than a hundred million disciples of the Eternal Double Fox were watching in a daze!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Not long after, a rain of blood fell from the sky, and the world mourned!

The mournful cries spread across tens of billions of kilometers!

The rain of blood covered several planets!

"Our... Our Lord God seems to have... Fallen!"

At this moment, the bodies of hundreds of millions of disciples of the eternal twin foxes trembled violently!

Their faces were filled with confusion, fear, and despair!

"Dying at the hands of you eternal twin foxes can be considered a death with a destination!"

Wang Xian looked at the location of the eternal divine kingdom and said calmly!

"I am the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Today, I have killed the master of the twin foxes. Those who submit will not be spared!"

He swept his gaze across the surroundings and his mighty voice spread to the few living planets nearby!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

Everyone muttered when they heard these four words!

Buzz

"Eh? Little brother Wang Xian, did you guys kill him?"

At this moment, the figure of the Divine Lord Shenye flew over. When he saw the eternal kingdom in front of him, he said with a face full of astonishment!

"Yes, I used some special methods to rush here and kill him!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Thank you, Brother Shenye!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Even if I don't make a move, your dragon palace will be able to kill him!"

Master Shenye was silent for a moment before he shook his head and said with a smile!

His gaze swept across the blood rain in the sky!

"Master Shuanghu is the first to fall!"

"The world will definitely be shocked when Master Shenye is killed!"

"The Dragon Palace will definitely suppress the world!"