Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2215: 2215 tipped them off

In the tomb of the Fallen Immortal God Island!

Tens of millions of people were still standing there in shock.

In the Battle of the Divine Lords, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace had three Divine Lords under his command, working together with divine leaf divine lord to destroy the entire eternal twin foxes!

But just now, when Twin Fox Divine Lord had escaped, the Dragon King had used a special method to tear a black hole in the void and teleport instantly!

No one knew what would happen next, and no one knew what would happen now!

Everyone looked at the Double Fox continent in front of them in shock!

The continent within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers was directly destroyed, and huge rocks floated in the void!

This scene shocked everyone!

"I don't know what the result will be. has the Double Fox God Lord escaped?"

"If she escapes, the Dragon Palace might be in trouble in the future!"

"That might not be the case. The Dragon Palace has three existences that can contend with her!"

As time passed, no one left. They were discussing in shock!

"No matter what, the Dragon Palace will shake the entire boundless star field in the future. Even other god lord-level forces will have to avoid the Dragon King!"

Some people looked at the experts of the Dragon Palace in the center!

Those powerful existences filled them with reverence!

Today's battle had shocked the entire world!

"I wonder if the Double Fox god Lord has escaped!"

At the position of the Dragon Palace, the people of the Chen Clan said with a slight frown!

A god Lord wanted to run for his life, but it would be very difficult to catch him!

Moreover, the revenge of a god Lord was very terrifying!

They were a bit apprehensive. If the Double Fox God Lord came to take revenge on them in the future, they wouldn't be able to resist it!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui, who was standing at the side, received the message and a smile appeared on his face!

"Double Fox God Lord is dead. Disciples of the Dragon Palace, follow me to receive the Eternal Double Fox!"

Prime Minister Gui shouted!

"Boom!"

There was an uproar!

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone around was shocked!

Their eyes were wide open and their faces were full of shock!

"Double Fox Divine Lord was killed by the Dragon King!"

"The Divine Lord is dead. Oh My God!"

The first divine lord to be killed in history had appeared!

"Is this how terrifying the Dragon Palace is? Even God lords can be killed!"

Some People's eyes were filled with shock!

If even God lords could be killed, who else in the entire endless star field could be a match for the Dragon Palace?

"If God lords die, the Dragon Palace will definitely suppress the world!"

An old man muttered!

"God Lord Double Fox has been killed. Haha, That's Great!"

However, the people of the Chen clan were extremely excited!

They knew what this meant!

"Everyone from the Dragon Palace, we'll go with you!"

Everyone from the Chen clan immediately followed behind and flew toward the direction of the Eternal Double Fox!

"Oh my God, in the future, the three God lords from the Dragon Palace, together with the eternal divine leaf god Lord and the four God lords, will be able to unify the entire boundless galaxy!"

Everyone was shocked!

Apart from the Dragon Palace and God Lord Divine Leaf, the boundless star area only had god Lord Wind expanse of the Southern Region, God Lord Thunderclap of the Northern Region, and seven star god Lord.

The three God lords were obviously not as strong as the four God lords of the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon Palace would have nothing to worry about in the boundless star area in the future!

"The two foxes are dead. This isn't good news!"

At this moment, an illusory human face was flickering inside a meteorite in the void!

His expression turned ugly when he heard this news!

"Dongfang Shenye is with them. Eternal Shocking Thunder has a feud with the Dragon Palace. After they destroy the two foxes, they might try to destroy Shocking Thunder!"

"If Shocking Thunder isn't prepared, he will definitely die!"

"It seems..."

His eyes sparkled!

The Dragon Palace was so powerful that even he, the seven star god Lord, was scared!

He had a grudge with the fierce dragon God Lord. Would the Dragon Palace destroy him in the future!

"No, we can't let the Dragon Palace expand. We must inform Jing Lei god Lord. Otherwise, there will be no place for us in the endless star area!"

The eyes of the seven star god Lord flickered, and he disappeared in a flash!

He wanted to inform the thunder god Lord about this matter. He also wanted to go to the southern region and discuss this matter with the wind universe god Lord. He couldn't just sit around and wait for death!

The seven star god Lord was very fast. When he arrived at Eternal Shocking Thunder, it took him less than half an hour!

Looking at the thunder god Lord's eternal divine kingdom in front of him, he frowned slightly!

"Buzz!"

After hesitating for a moment, he decided not to go in. Instead, he threw a stone into the eternal divine kingdom!

He did not dare to get too close to the thunder god Lord!

"I hope you can successfully teleport in."

"Let's go to the southern region and talk to the vast wind god Lord!"

The seven star god Lord took a deep look at the eternal thunderclap and turned to fly south!

"Bang!"

However, at this moment, thunder god Lord was sitting cross-legged in the cultivation room in the eternal divine kingdom!

He had been in a bad mood recently. The last time he ambushed the Dragon King, he actually made him escape!

The Dragon Palace was so angry that they occupied several planets of eternal shocking thunder, which made him extremely furious!

"Eh?"

All of a sudden, he looked up and saw a bright stone falling toward his divine kingdom!

The stone contained the power of law, and his eyes were full of surprise!

"Pa!"

He waved his arm, and the stone flew towards him and caught it in his hand!

"Weng!"

The next moment, a line of words appeared in the sky above the stone!

"Double Fox god Lord has been destroyed by Dragon Palace Dragon King. Now, Dragon Palace has three god Lord level existences and God Leaf God Lord's allies!"

A line of words clearly landed in front of him, causing the thunder god Lord to Stand Up! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"This is impossible. How could double Fox God Lord be killed by the Dragon Palace Dragon King and the others!"

"How could the Dragon Palace have three God Lords!"

The thunder god Lord's face was filled with disbelief!

Three God lords. How many God lords were there in the entire endless star field?

However, looking at the stone in front of him that contained the laws, his expression was uncertain!

"The Earth Law should be the seven star god Lord of the Central Region. The seven star god Lord shouldn't have sent this message to me for no reason. He probably wants the other god Lords to die!"

"But he informed me that there is only one situation. This is true!"

The thunder god Lord's body was trembling!

A god Lord was actually killed by the Dragon Palace. With the hatred between him and the Dragon Palace, the next person the Dragon Palace wanted to kill was him!

"Damn it, how could there be so many God lords in the Dragon Palace? !"

The thunder god Lord growled in a low voice with a ferocious look on his face!

"I can't stay here any longer, run..."

"But where can I run to? I can't accept this!"

The thunder god Lord's ferocious look kept changing. Then, his eyes slowly turned vicious!

"Even if I have to escape, I will make your Dragon King suffer a lot!"

He raised his head, and his eyes were blood red!