Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2216: 2216 was desperate

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the center of Eternal Thunder, the Eternal Kingdom, which was guarding the Northern Region, released a vast divine might!

The enormous eternal kingdom, which was like a valley, released a purple light!

"Buzz! Buzz!"

The eternal kingdom trembled slightly and then disappeared in an instant!

"What happened? Why did our master God's Eternal Kingdom suddenly disappear?"

Everyone on the surrounding thunderclap planet looked surprised when they saw the sudden disappearance of the Eternal Kingdom!

Their faces were full of curiosity and doubt!

"Dragon King, even if I have to escape, I will let you enjoy the pain of losing a loved one, the pain of losing a woman, Hahaha!"

The enormous eternal kingdom flew at high speed, shuttling through the void from time to time!

Thunder god Lord stood in the sky above the eternal divine kingdom, staring at the front with a ferocious face!

There was a saying that even a dog would jump over the wall if it was anxious!

The thunder god Lord was undoubtedly forced to this point. The power of the Dragon Palace had completely exceeded his expectations!

Three god Lord level existences, together with the eternal divine leaf, they had destroyed Double Fox god Lord!

There was a very high possibility of them destroying him!

With the hatred between the two sides, it was impossible to reconcile!

He was destined to escape everywhere. Before he escaped, he wanted to take revenge crazily!

"The extraordinary continent, the Dragon Palace and the Phoenix Dynasty established by the Dragon Queen!"

Thunder god Lord Murmured, his eyes full of bloody killing intent!

He had all the information about the Dragon Palace!

Including the Dragon King's Woman!

He would never do such a thing unless it was absolutely necessary. Not to mention the other party's crazy revenge, even a god Lord would not do such a thing just because of his reputation!

But in this situation, he had nothing to consider!

What honor did a stray dog care about?

He stared ahead and stood proudly in the divine kingdom!

At this point, his entire body was full of ease!

"Buzz!"

The Eternal Divine Kingdom's speed was very fast. In less than ten minutes, the thunder god Lord appeared in front of the transcendence continent!

His eyes revealed a sinister look!

"Today, I will completely destroy your planet!"

The thunder god Lord stood proudly in the sky, his entire body incomparably cold as he roared!

"Crackle crackle!"

At the next moment, the entire divine kingdom burst out with terrifying lightning. Countless lightning bolts covered the void of the entire transcendence continent!

Lightning was brewing and gathering!

He wanted to destroy the entire planet with a single strike, destroying everyone on it!

Destroying the planet, killing tens of billions of people, there had never been an expert who dared to do such a heinous thing!

"What's the situation?"

At this moment, a group of girls in the extraordinary continent saw the sky suddenly filled with thunder and lightning! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The terrifying destructive thunder and lightning covered almost half of the planet, and their expressions changed drastically!

"Look over there. Oh No, that seems to be the thunder god Lord's Eternal Divine Kingdom. He wants to destroy our entire planet!"

Feng Luan looked at the sky in the east and saw the incomparably huge eternal divine kingdom that contained boundless divine might. Her expression changed drastically!

"Why did the thunder god Lord suddenly come over? Isn't he afraid of the Dragon Palace's Counterattack?"

The group of girls'faces were filled with shock as they cried out involuntarily!

"No, we must resist his attack. Otherwise, the entire planet will be finished!"

Lan Qingyue's expression was extremely gloomy!

"Little Blue!"

She hurriedly shouted!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue, who was 200 kilometers in size, let out a roar!

Xiao Lan, who was 200 kilometers in size, now had the strength of a peak deity!

It raised its head and looked at the thunder god Lord in the sky while emitting a savage aura!

Its eyes swept across the Lightning in the sky, and a hint of solemnity flashed in its eyes!

"What's going on? Why are there so many lightning bolts in the sky?"

"Is it going to destroy the world? What a terrifying energy!"

"Elder Lan's godly beast has attacked. It must be an enemy invasion!"

"Lightning bolts, the sky is full of lightning bolts. Don't tell me it's the people from the Eternal Shocking Lightning?"

Everyone on the transcendence continent looked up in Panic!

This scene was like the end of the world!

"I'll go over and ask Master Lan to block this attack. Contact the experts of the Dragon Palace immediately!"

Lan Qingyue clenched her fists and shouted loudly!

"Qingyue, I'm of the light element. I'll go with you!"

Sun Lingxiu moved and flew toward Xiao Lan's body!

Lan Qingyue hesitated for a moment and nodded!

"Don't follow me. It's useless!"

She said to the other girls, not letting them come over!

"LAN, can you get rid of these Thunderbolts?"

Lan Qingyue landed on Lan Qingyue's head and said loudly to him!

"Wu Wu!"

Lan qingyue stared at the Thunderbolts that filled the sky and her gaze fell in the direction of the Eternal Divine Kingdom!

"You want to use the black hole to take it away?"

Lan qingyue frowned slightly!

Using the black hole to take the eternal divine kingdom and even the eternal God Lord to another location, they would also follow!

At that time, with little blue and their strength, they would not be a match for the god Lord!

"Sister Lingxiu, you go down First!"

Lan Qingyue immediately said to Sun Lingxiu!

"Qingyue, stop talking nonsense, go!"

Sun Lingxiu grabbed her hand and stared at her as she said!

"Lingxiu, I can't guarantee that little blue will be able to escape from the god Lord's Attack!"

Lan Qingyue's expression was a little ugly. She gritted her teeth and patted little blue who was beneath her!

"Wu Wu!"

An earth-shattering roar sounded!

"Weng!"

Little Blue's incomparably huge body directly trembled. He opened his incomparably huge mouth!

In front of his mouth, a black hole appeared. The black hole expanded at a terrifying speed!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The black hole connected to another region and pushed forward.

As little blue advanced, the black hole expanded at a terrifying speed!

In the void ahead, everything was devoured by the black hole!

"Oh? What Divine Beast Is This? How can it be so huge? A Space Beast?"

In the Void, thunder god Lord looked at Little Blue who had suddenly appeared, and his face revealed a shocked expression!

A 200 km large void beast, what kind of concept was this?

Even if he was a god Lord, this was the first time he had seen such a terrifying and huge beast!

"Oh no, that black hole can devour everything!"

Thunder god Lord's expression changed slightly, but soon after, a savage expression appeared on his face!

"A beast, die!"

He waved his arm, and the surrounding lightning immediately gathered into a hundred kilometer long lightning spear, directly attacking towards little blue!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue saw the incoming lightning spear and let out a muffled roar!

He charged the black hole towards the Lightning Spear!

The lightning spear disappeared into the black hole instantly!

At this time, the entire black hole had expanded to an area of a few million kilometers!

"Damn, this beast is so strange!"

The thunder god Lord's expression changed!

"Weng!"

At this moment, a terrifying suction force came from little blue's body, causing the eternal divine kingdom in the Void to tremble!

Blue increased speed, directly covered by the black hole!