Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2217: 2217 was desperate

"Weng!"

The black hole that covered nearly ten million kilometers completely enveloped the thunder god Lord and his eternal divine kingdom!

In the void of the transcendence continent, the entire sky was unusually clear. The dense lightning slowly dissipated!

The Eternal Divine Kingdom and the black hole had completely disappeared!

"If it really was the thunder god Lord, Qingyue and Lingxiu are in danger. We must contact Little Xian as soon as possible!"

Although the group of girls saw that they had survived the crisis, Little Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu were also in danger!

If it was really thunder god's doing, it would be a devastating blow to Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu!

The girls looked anxious and immediately contacted him!

"Buzz!"

However, at this moment, in the vast void of the northern region, a black hole slowly appeared!

Not long after the black hole appeared, an incomparably terrifying lightning spear shot out from the black hole, directly attacking the void ahead!

In front, a fireball-like planet floated in the Void!

The Lightning Spear accurately landed on the Death Star!

"Boom!"

A violent explosion sounded out, the terrifying lightning spear directly pierced through the planet, emitting a violent explosion!

"Weng!"

Following that, an incomparably huge eternal divine kingdom emerged from the black hole, followed closely by an incomparably huge gray void Behemoth!

The thunder god Lord, who was caught off guard and was sucked into the black hole, had an extremely ugly expression!

He turned his head, his blood-red eyes staring at Little Blue who had appeared behind him, his face filled with fury!

He never would have thought that a god Lord like him would actually be brought into the vast void by an animal!

Although this was the northern region, it was still far away from the planet on the transcendence continent!

"Crackle crackle!"

Thunder god Lord's entire body was emitting violent lightning. Countless bolts of lightning shot into the sky from the Eternal Divine Kingdom!

"You Beast, Die For me!"

He roared, and countless bolts of lightning condensed into one and directly struck towards little blue!

"Not good, little blue, quickly flee!"

Lan Qingyue saw the incomparably terrifying lightning attack coming over, and hurriedly shouted at little blue!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue also felt the threat of death from the bolts of lightning. He let out a low roar, and another black hole appeared in front of him!

"Damn it, what kind of monster is this? Why is it able to travel through black holes even though I used my divine might to suppress a domain!"

Thunder god Lord appeared once again, and a look of shock and anger appeared on his face!

In a battle between experts above the deity realm, one could use their divine might to seal a domain and prevent the opponent from teleporting!

But now, his divine might didn't have the slightest effect on this space beast!

"You want to escape? Die!"

Thunder god Lord roared furiously, and the Lightning in the sky scattered and fell toward little blue who was behind the black hole!

In an instant, the dense lightning fell on Xiao Lan's body!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In an instant, blood splattered all over Xiao Lan's body!

"Light of Hope!"

Sun Lingxiu saw the injuries on Xiao Lan's body and her expression changed slightly. She placed both her hands on Xiao Lan's body and let out a dazzling white light!

However, now that she had ignited six wisps of divine fire, the healing effect was only a drop in the bucket!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue endured the large-scale injuries and burrowed into the black hole to escape!

"Die, I will definitely kill you today!"

When the thunder god Lord saw that little blue wanted to escape, he let out a savage roar and immediately entered the black hole to continue his pursuit!

"Little Blue, hold on, you have to hold on!"

Lan Qingyue looked behind her with an extremely ugly expression!

Facing a god Lord, if little blue wasn't the legendary Kun, she would have been killed by now!

However, it would be difficult to escape from a god Lord!

"Weng!"

Little Blue's body entered the black hole again and appeared at the border between the northern and eastern regions!

An enormous energy tide pierced through the entire void!

However, at this moment, Lan Qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, and the others did not have the time to check their surroundings!

Little Blue's body stepped out of the black hole and immediately opened its incomparably huge mouth, wanting to continue releasing it!

"If you can escape from my hands, I, the mighty thunder god Lord, can commit suicide!"

When Little Blue's body had yet to step into the black hole, the thunder god Lord's voice appeared in the sky!

"Boom!"

Following that, an incomparably terrifying power landed on Little Blue's body!

The terrifying lightning completely covered it!

"Ao ao ao!"

A painful voice came out of Little Blue's mouth, and in an instant, his entire body was blackened by the Lightning!

His gray body completely turned black, and purple lightning covered it densely!

Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu were protected by Xiao Lan!

"Xiao Lan, consume your life force!"

"Enter the energy tide ahead!"

Lan Qingyue let out a low growl with an extremely ugly expression!

"Weng Weng!"

Xiao Lan's body trembled as the black part of his body that was covered by lightning fell down!

He endured the pain on his body and entered the energy tide directly!

"Hahaha, you beast, your vitality is really strong. However, today, even if you have ten lives, I will still kill you!"

The thunder god Lord roared furiously. He floated in the eternal kingdom and waved his arm. An incomparably huge thunder spear appeared in his hand!

"Sou!"

The Thunder Spear that was at least 100 kilometers in size directly attacked little blue!

"Peng!"

The Lightning Spear landed on Little Blue's body and instantly pierced through it!

"Wu Wu!"

Little Blue let out a painful cry as his speed suddenly increased!

"What a terrifying life force!"

Seeing that little blue was still not killed, shock flashed in the thunder god Lord's eyes!

"Die!"

Behind him, more than ten lightning spears appeared and attacked Little Blue once again!

"Kun Domain!"

Lan Qingyue clenched her arms tightly and shouted softly!

"Buzz!"

Xiao Lan instantly disappeared into thin air!

More than ten lightning spears pierced through Xiao Lan's previous position. Very quickly, Xiao Lan appeared 10,000 kilometers away!

"Wu Wu, Mom, I can feel the energy of the black hole right in front of me!"

At this moment, Xiao Lan suddenly said to Lan Qingyue!

"Black Hole? What Black Hole?"

Lan Qingyue was slightly stunned and immediately asked! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I don't know. It leads to an unknown place. The energy of the black hole is raging inside. It's very difficult to pass through, but little blue can pass through!"

Little Blue said!

"Go over!"

Lan qingyue gritted her teeth and immediately gave him an order!

"Wuwu!"

Little Blue let out a violent roar and flew crazily towards the direction of the black hole!

"Damn it!"

When the thunder god Lord saw the Space Beast Dodge his attack and instantly appear 10,000 kilometers away, he let out a furious roar!

"Buzz!"

His body moved and he immediately chased after it!

"Look, what is that?"

At that moment, in front of the energy tide, eternal divine leaf and Eternal Thunder's disciples suddenly saw the terrifying beast from the lower reaches flying over. Their faces were filled with shock!