Chapter 2218: 2218 upgrade

"You want to escape? Die!"

At the lower reaches of the energy tide, the terrifying space beast was escaping!

Everyone around the energy tide looked over in shock!

Feeling the savage aura, everyone widened their eyes!

At this moment, an extremely angry voice came from behind!

"That's the thunder god Lord, the Thunder God Lord and his eternal divine kingdom!"

"Hiss, what is that terrifying beast? Why is the thunder god Lord chasing after us so furiously!"

When everyone saw the eternal divine kingdom and the vast figure above, their expressions changed drastically!

Especially the disciples of the eternal divine leaves, they hurriedly fled into the distance!

The Eternal Thunder and the eternal divine leaves were enemies!

"Crackle crackle!"

The sky full of lightning once again attacked Little Blue. Everyone looked at the world-destroying lightning, their hearts trembling as they frantically tried to hide in their surroundings!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The lightning wreaked havoc, and even the massive energy tide was greatly affected!

"Weng!"

A gray energy appeared on Little Blue's body, and his incomparably huge eyes stared at the black hole that was pouring out the energy tide!

"Boom! Boom!"

The terrifying lightning struck the energy defense behind Xiao Lan. It penetrated the energy and struck his body!

In an instant, his body turned pitch-black again!

Xiao Lan, who was originally around 200 kilometers, was now only 150 kilometers in size!

The reason why Xiao Lan was able to block the fatal attacks time and time again was because he had to pay the price of losing his body!

This was also the terror of Kun!

"Pa Pa Pa!"

Black skin was washed away by the energy tide. Little Blue stared at the violent black hole that was just a short distance away and directly rushed into it!

"That giant beast wants to enter the black hole of the tide. Is... is that giant beast courting death?"

When everyone saw little blue rushing into the black hole of the tide, their faces were filled with shock!

There was once a god Lord who decided to enter the tidal black hole because he was curious about why there were treasures flowing out of it. However, he was injured and escaped from there!

From then on, no one dared to enter the tidal black hole!

Now that they saw that huge beast rushing in, their faces were filled with shock!

"This huge beast wants to enter the tidal black hole?"

Behind them, the thunder god Lord's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene. His face sank!

"Is this guy looking to die?"

His eyes flickered as he growled in a low voice!

"Holy Sh * t, what the F * ck is going on!"

However, at this moment, at the center of the energy tide black hole, an earthen yellow figure was hiding inside!

When he saw an incomparably terrifying space beast flying over from behind, he was somewhat dumbfounded!

He was a famous treasure thief, but he had only come here to search for treasures for a few days!

He relied on the divine dragon body he condensed to obtain many treasures within a few days!

Why did a savage beast suddenly appear now?

"Crackle crackle!"

The most frightening thing was that at this moment, he suddenly felt a destructive bolt of lightning striking towards him!

"F * ck, this bolt of lightning, it's that fellow, Jinglei. Damn it, this young master here is obediently looking for treasures, how can I be so unlucky!"

The Earth Grandson's face was incomparably pale. He hurriedly moved and immediately transformed into the ten thousand meter Earth Divine Dragon's body!

"Ahhhhh!"

A pained cry rang out. The dragon scales on his dragon body were struck down by the Lightning, and his entire face revealed a look of fear.

"This young master doesn't want to Die!"

He frantically dodged under Xiao Lan's body!

What an unexpected disaster!

Xiao Lan endured the attack of the Lightning in the sky and frantically flew into the black hole!

"Wu Wu!"

When he saw the divine dragon flying towards him, he was slightly stunned!

He opened his huge mouth and directly swallowed it!

"F * ck!"

The earth grandson's expression changed. He felt as if he had entered the tiger's mouth!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

Little Blue's body slowly entered the black hole and gradually disappeared!

The thunder god Lord looked at the huge beast that had completely disappeared. He stood there with an uncertain expression!

"Even the god Lord will die if he enters the black hole. You, a beast, will also die!"

He let out a low roar and swept his gaze around. With a gloomy expression, he immediately flew into the void!

He was about to begin his own escape! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Within the black hole of the energy tide, Xiao Lan let out a low growl. He opened his huge mouth and devoured some of the treasures within the black hole!

"We can't go back. We have to head to the end of the black hole!"

Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu looked at each other and said!

"It's alright. We'll come back. Moreover, Xiao Xian will come looking for us!"

The two of them held hands tightly. A smile appeared on their faces as they looked at the vast darkness in front of them!

That place was an unknown Starfield, an unknown world!

"What! The thunder god Lord is attacking the transcendence continent. Xiao Lan and Qingyue Lingxiu are trying to lure the thunder god Lord away. We can't contact him now?"

At this moment, at the location of the eternal twin foxes, Wang Xian's expression changed drastically when he received the messages from the girls!

His face instantly revealed an extremely brutal aura!

"Eh?"

Beside him, Chen Feiyang, the god of divine leaves, was slightly shocked when he sensed Wang Xian's aura!

"Little brother Wang Xian, what happened?"

The god of divine leaves asked solemnly!

"The god of Thunder has attacked a planet in the Dragon Palace's territory and wants to destroy the planet!"

Wang Xian said with a gloomy face, "Brother divine leaves, help me take care of this place. I want to leave immediately!"

"Alright, you go and take care of the matters of the Dragon Palace First!"

Master Shenye nodded immediately!

"All the members of the Dragon Palace, follow me. Ao he, return to the Dragon Palace as soon as possible!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered his subordinates around him!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he and the rest also knew the severity of the matter. They immediately led Wang Xian and all the members of the Dragon Palace away!

Chen Feiyang also followed by the side!

"Dragon King, logically speaking, it's impossible for the Lord of Thunderclap to shed all pretense of cordiality with us at this time!"

"Furthermore, it's impossible for us to spread the news of us killing the Double Fox god Lord in such a short period of time!"

Ao crab, Chen Feiyang, and the rest brought the Dragon Palace flying. Wang Xian stood in the Dragon Palace with a gloomy face. Prime Minister Gui frowned and said from the side!

"I know. With the speed of the communication device, even if someone from eternal thunderclap is on the Fallen Immortal Island, it is impossible for the news to reach eternal thunderclap so quickly!"

"If anything happens to Qingyue Lingxiu and the rest, eternal thunderclap..."

Wang Xian nodded his head coldly. His eyes were filled with killing intent!

From the western region to the northern region, with the speed of the god Lord, it would take at least ten minutes!

Along the way, he passed by Eternal Thunderclap!

When Wang Xian saw that the Eternal Kingdom of the thunder god Lord was not around, killing intent surged in his heart!

There were only two possibilities for such a situation!

First, someone had informed the thunder god Lord!

When the thunder god Lord found out about the terrifying strength of the Dragon Palace, he was desperate and wanted to risk his life!

And the person who could inform him so quickly was only at the level of the god Lord!

Secondly, the thunder god Lord had also come to the Fallen Immortal Island!

After witnessing the terrifying strength of the Dragon Palace, he took revenge in advance!