Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2219: Upgrading 2219

Buzz

"Xiao Xian, we can't contact qingyue and Lingxiu right now. Hurry up and look for them!"

"If they didn't leave with Xiao Lan, we might have been killed by the Thunder God!"

When Wang Xian arrived on Earth, a group of girls flew over and asked anxiously!

"Where did they go?"

Wang Xian's face was gloomy as he asked the group of girls!

"I don't know. Xiao Lan used the black hole teleportation. We don't know where they went either!"

The group of girls replied!

"D * mn it. Chen Feiyang, ao crab, and an lie, search the surroundings immediately. With Xiao Lan's speed, she should still be in the Northern Region!"

"Everyone from the Dragon Palace, search through the planet-by-planet Teleportation!"

Wang Xian calmed his heart and sensed the location of Lan qingyue, Xiao Lan, and Sun Lingxiu. Without sensing anything, he immediately gave an order!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Chen Feiyang, ao he, and the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace left immediately!

Chen Feiyang, ao he, and the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon flew directly into the void while the members of the Dragon Palace used the teleportation formation to search for information!

As he watched them leave, Wang Xian stood there with a gloomy face!

"Don't worry, Dragon King. According to the investigations conducted by the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Queen and the rest are not in danger. Xiao Lan is a race at the peak of the universe. It's not that easy to kill her!"

Prime Minister Gui walked to Wang Xian's side and comforted him!

He nodded. From the soul-returning wood and the number of people in the Dragon Palace, he could see that Lan Qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, and the rest were not killed!

"I've made you all worried!"

Wang Xian hugged the rest of the girls and comforted them!

"We're fine. As long as Qingyue and the rest are fine!"

The girls said worriedly!

"Let's wait in the Dragon Palace!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he returned to the Dragon Palace with an expressionless face!

Soon, the entire northern region was in a state of chaos. All the members of the Dragon Palace went to the planets to search for news!

When they entered the territory of eternal shocking thunder, some of the experts of eternal shocking thunder wanted to ask the disciples of the Dragon Palace to get out!

However, all those who tried to stop them were killed on the spot!

This shocked everyone in Eternal Shocking Thunder!

Some planets asked for help, but there was no response!

Then, someone realized that five peak godly state experts of the Dragon Palace had rushed into the main planet of Eternal Shocking Thunder, the planet of Shocking Thunder!

The five peak godly state experts of the Dragon Palace had suppressed everyone in Eternal Thunderclap!

The last two peak godly state experts had been killed by the experts of the Dragon Palace!

This shocked the entire northern region!

Everyone was confused. Where did the god Lord of Thunderclap Go?

Why did the Dragon Palace Dare to be so arrogant?

Soon, seven to eight hours later, a piece of shocking news arrived!

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace ordered three god-lord-level existences under his command, along with the help of the leaf god Lord of the east, to kill the Double Fox God Lord of the West!

The entire eternal double Fox had been completely destroyed by the Dragon Palace!

When everyone in the north heard the news, their first reaction was disbelief!

But when they thought about how the entire north had been ravaged by the Dragon Palace and how Eternal Shocking Thunder had been suppressed by the experts of the Dragon Palace, everyone took a deep breath!

All of this should be true!

Where did the thunder god Lord Go?

There was also a result!

He escaped!

This made everyone in eternal thunderclap extremely terrified!

The Three God lords of the Dragon Palace, together with the help of the eternal divine leaf of the east, were completely invincible!

Even the thunder god Lord had to flee!

This news shocked everyone, but soon, there was another piece of news that shocked the northern region!

Before the thunder god Lord escaped, he went to the Dragon Palace's nest to destroy the planet, but he was attracted away by a terrifying Dragon Queen and Space Beast!

Now, the three god Lord level experts of the Dragon Palace and Dragon Palace were searching wantonly!

In the end, news came from the energy tide black hole. The Dragon Queen led the space beast into the energy tide black hole!

All the disciples of the eternal thunderclap were trembling. Now that their god Lord had escaped, the Dragon Palace was invincible!

Would the dragon palace implicate their ordinary disciples?

"The black hole of the energy tide?"

At this moment, Wang Xian was sitting in the Dragon Palace. His expression was a little ugly!

He had also found out the whereabouts of Qing Yue and Lingxiu. However, what he didn't expect was that they had entered the black hole of the energy tide!

Ever since Wang Xian arrived at the boundless galaxy, the first place he went to was the black hole of the energy tide! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian knew a little about the black hole of the energy tide!

The black hole contained a terrifying amount of energy. Even the god Lord would have a slim chance of survival if he entered it!

According to the information from the Dragon Palace, Lan Qingyue and the rest were clearly not in danger!

He frowned slightly and a pensive look appeared on his face!

"That's right!"

Suddenly, Wang Xian thought of someone. With a thought, he immediately contacted the Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation behind him!

"Old Man, I want to ask you something!"

He transmitted his voice!

"I know what you want to ask. The black hole of energy tide that you mentioned was formed from a huge battle. At the end of the black hole of energy tide is a battlefield ruins!"

"The universe is not infinite. The area that you guys are in is a small, remote place. At the end of the black hole is another bright land. Although there are no tens of thousands of races fighting at the center of the universe, it is still considered a Holy Land!"

The Tiancheng God Emperor said!

"Bright Land?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly!

"For someone like you, you are just a small god. The Eternal God Lord is considered an expert. The Immortal God King is in charge of the area and the void God Emperor is invincible!"

"However, to pass through the energy black hole, an ordinary God master would find it hard to do. One would need to comprehend at least five or six laws to pass through!"

Tian Chen God Emperor said indifferently!

To reach the god Master level, one would need to comprehend laws, like fire. The first level of the flame law was the true fire, the second level was the true fire, the third level was the true fire, and so on!

After comprehending the fire laws, one could evolve one's offensive techniques from the fire laws!

Wang Xian frowned slightly, and his eyes flickered!

"Kid, if you take me as your master, I can immediately bring you through the black hole of the tide to find your wife!"

The God of Heaven's formation continued!

"You said that the god of Void is invincible in this world, so why are you dead?"

Wang Xian asked with a twinkle in his eyes!

"If I didn't misjudge the person..."

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation suddenly fell silent for a moment before he spoke slowly with a heavy tone!

The moment he finished his words, he fell into silence again!

Wang Xian stood in the Dragon King's hall with a look of contemplation and hesitation on his face!

"Let's improve first. As for the rest, we'll talk about it when I'm stronger!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

The matters of the thunder god Lord, Qingyue Lingxiu and the rest, as well as the matter of the Tiancheng Celestial Emperor behind him, would be discussed in the future!