Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2220: 2,220 points

"Twin Fox god Lord has fallen. The first god Lord was killed. The eternal twin foxes have been destroyed. The Three God lords of the Dragon Palace have suppressed the boundless star field!"

"Thunder god Lord has escaped. The entire eternal thunderclap has submitted. The Dragon Palace is the leader of the Northern Region!"

"The Dragon Palace is simply too heaven-defying now. Together with the eternal divine leaf, they almost rule the entire boundless star field!"

"The Dragon King hasn't reached the god Lord realm yet, but he can control three god lord-level underlings. It's absolutely terrifying!"

Two days later, the news of the death of the Twin Fox god Lord and the annihilation of the Eternal Twin Fox spread like wildfire throughout the boundless star field!

When everyone received the news, their faces were filled with shock!

Countless people were shocked by the terrifying rise of the Dragon Palace!

Even some god-level experts were filled with shock and awe!

They could even kill the eternal God Lord. One could imagine how terrifying the Dragon Palace was!

Everyone was talking about the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

Many people were stunned and speechless at the same time when they heard about the thunder god Lord!

The overlord of a region had started his own escape!

The entire boundless star field was boiling because of the Dragon Palace's strength!

On the third day, all the resources of the eternal twin foxes and eternal shocking thunder were sent to the Dragon Palace. The entire Dragon Palace had obtained a terrifying amount of resources!

On the fourth day, the two god Lords of the Eternal Seven Stars and eternal wind world ordered their subordinates to send many congratulatory gifts to the Dragon Palace!

When this news spread out, it shocked countless people!

The actions of the Eternal Seven Stars and eternal wind world were undoubtedly to express their goodwill!

This was something that had never happened before!

The situation where the five masters were divided had been completely broken!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, in the Dragon King's Hall of the Dragon Palace, a mighty roar was heard. Wang Xian's terrifying body was exuding endless majesty!

Feeling the power coming from his body, Wang Xian revealed a smile.

Name: Wang Xian F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: six Wisps of Divine Fire (fifth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 7,735.4 billion/500 billion

Supernatural ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below one's level)

Devour living things (devour living things to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, Yin-yang dual polarity, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 6.

Dragon Palace member: 53,633

His mind moved as he looked at his attributes!

Six Wisps of divine fire. He had already lit six wisps of divine fire!

In just a few days, Wang Xian had lit two wisps of divine fire!

Although he needed a lot of resources to light up the divine fire, the resources of the eternal twin foxes and a small portion of the resources of eternal thunderclap allowed him to light up two wisps of divine fire. It was not too surprising!

Feeling the vast power coming from his entire body, Wang Xian felt that if he wanted to kill the god of twin foxes, he would need at most one minute!

Although Wang Xian did not comprehend any laws, the power of seven attributes was comparable to the attack of Laws!

"Eh? This... This is such a terrifying power. Didn't this kid only ignite six Wisps of Divine Fire? Even with the augmentation of the five elements energy, it is impossible for him to be this terrifying!"

"That's not right. This kid has seven attributes, Light and darkness. He even managed to control the luster. D * mn, what kind of Monster is this? How is this possible?"

"His body and the Dragon Palace. This is clearly the body of a dragon. Could it be that he has obtained the inheritance of the Divine Dragon? Isn't the Divine Dragon clan exterminated?"

At this moment, the Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation, who was behind Wang Xian, felt the might of Wang Xian and was dumbfounded!

He was a divine emperor who had lived for tens of millions of years. This was the first time he was so shocked!

Not to mention that he had never seen or heard of the seven attributes in the legends!

There was also that terrifying body of a dragon. This was the first time he had seen Wang Xian transform into the body of a divine dragon since he woke up. This made him feel incredulous!

According to the records, the Divine Dragon tribe had perished together with the bug tribe hundreds of millions of years ago. There had been no trace of the divine dragon for hundreds of millions of years!

Feeling the terror of the body of the Divine Dragon, his face was filled with astonishment!

"This kid must have obtained the inheritance of the Divine Dragon. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so heaven-defying. No wonder, no wonder he has no interest in becoming my master. He even ignored it!"

"He must have obtained the complete inheritance of the Divine Dragon Clan. This..."

The divine emperor of Tiancheng was visibly moved. His soul was trembling non-stop!

"If he agrees, it will be a piece of cake for him to avenge himself in the future. He can even resurrect me then!"

He mumbled to himself. A fiery expression appeared on his face. His eyes were flickering!

"Phew!"

Wang Xian took a deep breath as his eyes sparkled!

In the current boundless galaxy, no one had comprehended two laws. His strength could be said to be invincible in the entire boundless galaxy!

"Congratulations, Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest walked over from the side and bowed respectfully!

"Is there any news about the lord of Thunderbolt!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and asked Prime Minister Gui!

"Dragon King, there is no news about the lord of Thunderclap. He should be hiding somewhere right now. He might not come out for a few years or even decades!"

Prime Minister Gui shook his head!

As an eternal lord with a lifespan of a million years, a few years or decades was very short. There was a high possibility that the lord of Thunderclap would hide in the void for a few decades!

It was even harder for the Dragon Palace to find him than ascending to the heavens!

Wang Xian frowned slightly and his expression was a little ugly!

Now that Qing Yue and Ling Xiu had no idea where he was due to his whereabouts, he had to take revenge!

As long as he didn't kill the thunder god Lord, he wouldn't be satisfied!

He couldn't afford to wait for a few decades!

"Give the order. Order all the forces in the boundless galaxy to find the whereabouts of the thunder god Lord!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui calmly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded. His body moved and he immediately flew out to give the order!

Wang Xian sat in the Dragon Palace and waited quietly!

A day later, a piece of news was sent out from the Dragon Palace. The news spread throughout the entire boundless galaxy at a terrifying speed!

The Dragon King ordered all the forces in the boundless galaxy to search for the Lord of Thunderclap!

This news caused the entire boundless star field to boil!

"This... The Dragon King is so powerful. He actually ordered all the forces to search for the thunder god Lord. They even ordered the Eternal Seven Stars and Eternal Wind Expanse?"

"This is too powerful. is the Dragon King going to order the entire boundless star field? He doesn't care about the Eternal Wind Expanse and the Eternal Seven Stars at all!"

Everyone was stunned. The Dragon King's order was too strong!

When the news reached the Eternal Wind Universe and the eternal seven stars, the disciples of the two forces didn't look good!

They weren't subordinates of the Dragon Palace, so why should they listen to the Dragon Palace's orders?

If they really listened to the Dragon Palace's orders, wouldn't they admit that they were subordinates of the Dragon Palace?