Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2221: 2221 array formation! Shaman!

When the Dragon King's order came out, the Eternal Seven Stars and eternal wind world ignored it!

However, they ignored it. The other forces did not dare to resist. They were really afraid that a god Lord level expert from the Dragon Palace would come and directly suppress them!

Although the other forces were somewhat unwilling, they still sent their disciples to perfunctorily search for the whereabouts of the thunder god Lord!

It was impossible for a god Lord to escape and be found!

The entire boundless star field became lively, and the story of the Dragon King was quickly spread!

Later, when everyone learned that the Dragon Palace had come from the faraway vipralopa land, they were even more surprised!

Half a month later, the entire Dragon Palace moved to the boundless sea in the central area!

The Dragon Palace was stationed in the boundless sea, intimidating everyone!

During the half a month, the dragon palace was surging with a vast aura every day!

After destroying the eternal twin foxes and obtaining the corpse of the Eternal God Lord along with the corpses of more than twenty peak God realm experts, the members of the Dragon Palace had received a huge increase!

Just the combat strength of peak God realm members had increased by eleven!

Even though AO Xingmu did not comprehend any laws, he still possessed the combat strength of a god Lord!

After this period of time, the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon's strength had also increased by leaps and bounds!

In the past, he did not have the divine dragon transformation technique, so he could only fight one level higher. Now, with time, his strength had already surpassed that of a god Lord who had comprehended a single law!

He could almost fight against a god Lord who had comprehended two laws!

With time, they would only become stronger and stronger!

However, there was still no information about the god Lord of Thunderclap in the past ten to twenty days!

The boundless galaxy was huge. It was too difficult to find a person!

Especially a god Lord!

During this period of time, Wang Xian brought Hu Yan 'er to the Dragon Palace!

This made the girls dumbfounded. Guan Shuqing and the rest of the girls almost beat him up!

Considering that Lan Qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, and the rest were nowhere to be seen, and that Wang Xian was rather exhausted during this period of time, they didn't bother with him!

They could only accept it!

Although Hu Yan 'er was also a little stunned, she wasn't too surprised!

In this world, there were more than a dozen or even dozens of powerhouses!

She could accept it more easily than Guan Shuqing and the rest of the girls!

"Old Man, come out. Let's discuss!"

On this day, Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and transmitted his voice to the God of Heaven's formation!

"Hehe, young friend, when are you looking for me?"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a shadow slowly appeared in front of him!

During this period of time, the God of Heaven's formation was waiting for Wang Xian to look for him!

He also knew that Wang Xian would definitely look for him!

"Do you have any way to find the god of Shocking Thunder?"

"Also, what's the situation at the bright land over at the energy tide black hole?"

Wang Xian really wanted to ask him something!

Firstly, Wang Xian wanted to capture the god of Shocking Thunder and kill him!

Secondly, he wanted to understand the bright land on the other side of the black hole!

Now that Qingyue and Lingxiu had passed through the black hole, he wanted to look for them in the future!

Furthermore, when the Dragon Palace had reached a certain stage of development, he had to step into a stronger region to seek development!

"There are naturally ways to do so. My Dao of formations is to seize the fortunes of the world!

"Trapping formations, killing formations, illusion formations, defense, curses, and looking for people!"

Tiancheng god-emperor raised his head slightly and said proudly!

"Of course, my young friend, you may have looked down on my dao of formations since you have obtained the Divine Dragon's inheritance. However, when you have cultivated your formations to the pinnacle of the Shaman Realm, you can still stand at the peak of the universe and not be any weaker than the Divine Dragon!"

Following that, the Tiancheng Celestial Emperor continued to speak!

"Shaman?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. He had heard of such experts from the Divine Dragon's inheritance. They were not of the same race but a heaven-defying cultivation path!

"That's right, it's the shaman. When the Shaman Word is separated, the human word is located at the center. It is a lever that supports the world. It represents that I will stand at the peak of the Universe!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"When one cultivates the dao of formations to the peak, he will carve the Heaven and earth great formation into his body. He will be invulnerable to all kinds of spells. His body will bear the weight of the world and possess the power to destroy the world!"

Sky Formation God Emperor said with some yearning!

"Back then, it was because I obtained a heaven and earth great formation and was prepared to inject it into my body to increase my strength. I was harmed by those damn fellows!"

He growled with some hatred!

"If you want to learn, I will teach you everything!"

Very soon, the God of Heaven's formation adjusted his emotions and said with a smile!

"Oh? You are so kind?"

Wang Xian looked at him in surprise!

"My Young Friend, I'm afraid you have some misunderstanding about me. Back then, when I just woke up, I did want to possess your body. However, this was only because I had no other choice!"

"My young friend, you should be very clear about my current situation. With your current strength, you can even make my soul dissipate!"

"I taught you the array formation because I hope that when you become stronger in the future, you can help me take revenge. You can create a body for me and help me revive!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation felt a little bitter. At the same time, he spoke with some anticipation!

Wang Xian had already become his last lifeline. He didn't dare to play any tricks!

Moreover, if he wasn't forced to do so, he wouldn't have done such things!

He, who was determined to walk the path of witchcraft, had the sky above his head and his feet on the ground. He was aboveboard and aboveboard!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian stared at him and nodded his head faintly!

With the current state of the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, he didn't have the ability to play any tricks. Even if he were to build a body for him in the future, his strength might have already reached the seven transformations of the Divine Dragon Realm by then!

By then, even if he had any bad thoughts, he would be able to easily suppress him!

"I believe in You, my young friend. I will definitely impart the Dao of formations to you without holding anything back!"

The Tiancheng Celestial Emperor revealed an excited expression and said immediately!

"Alright, let's teach some of my subordinates from the Dragon Palace along the way!"

Wang Xian had a thought and immediately got prime minister GUI to call the Fire Hammer clan over!

To forge a divine weapon, one needed to draw a formation. Now, it was extremely difficult for the fire hammer clan to forge a divine weapon!

The main reason was the lack of a formation!

In the boundless galaxy, there were very few real formation masters. Most of them would set up some simple formations!

There wasn't a single formation that could enter one's body!

"Whatever!"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation smiled bitterly when he heard Wang Xian's words.

Back then, he wouldn't agree even if someone wanted him to teach them a thing or two!

But now, he was teaching a group of people!

He shook his head slightly and felt a little helpless!

Soon, Wang Xian brought the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation to the Dragon Field!

"Not bad, not bad. As expected of the Divine Dragon Clan. They actually have such a heaven and earth formation that can improve one's comprehension ability. Such a formation is extremely rare and precious!"

Upon arriving at the Dragon Field, the divine emperor of Heaven's formation looked around and was slightly surprised!

"Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation, thank you for your guidance!"

Wang Xian smiled at him and said!

"Alright!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation nodded and immediately imparted the Dao of formations!