Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2222: 2222 formation to God Lord level

"The formation is built according to the universe's natural laws!"

"The formation is divided into several stages, I'll only tell you about the stages I've come into contact with!"

"The first stage is to simulate the laws, this is for God level warriors, simulating the laws of Heaven and Earth, connecting Heaven and Earth!"

"The second stage is to establish the laws, this is for eternal god Lord Level Warriors, establishing the laws of Heaven and earth, Controlling Heaven and Earth!"

"The 3rd stage is the combination of laws, this is for the undying god King level warriors, the combination of laws can change heaven and earth!"

"The 4th stage is the stage I've touched before, the fusion of laws, the power will increase by 10 times!"

Within the Dragon Field, Tian Chen God Emperor introduced to the 4,000 members of the Dragon Palace and Fire Hammer clan!

"The training of arrays, the higher one goes, the harder it is. However, array masters have the ability to fight above their level, it's normal to fight above their level, back then I was able to fight above two levels!"

"It is said that the legendary shaman realm is able to surpass three to four levels!"

The god of formation looked at Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He had some understanding of this. However, to reach the shaman realm, the difficulty was at least ten to a hundred times more difficult than cultivating to the ninth transformation of the Divine Dragon Realm!

Among the top races in the universe, they relied on their bloodline and physique!

However, the likes of the Magi relied on the world treasures, comprehension, and luck!

There were very few records of the Magi in the divine dragon inheritance. It seemed like there were only twelve Magi who were comparable to the ancient god Feeding Kun master!

Of course, the Magi did indeed have the strength to fight against the Divine Dragon!

"Little friend, I'll first teach you the simulation laws. In the cultivation of array masters, if you want to go far, most of them only cultivate spiritual qi and not attributes!"

"Once you cultivate the attributes, you can only set up an array of one attribute. When you cultivate spiritual energy, you can use it to trigger other attributes!"

"The good thing is that you can set up any attribute array. The Bad Thing is that your attack power is weak and you have to rely on the array!"

An array master had a special way of cultivation. Such a way of cultivation was not found in the boundless galaxy!

This was also the first time Wang Xian heard of it. Instead of cultivating attributes, one would only absorb spiritual energy and use it to trigger the nine attributes of Heaven and earth!

The disadvantage was as the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation had said. One's attack power was extremely weak. One might not even be a match for a peak-stage demigod even if one ignited the divine fire. It was just that exaggerated!

Of course, if one were to use formations, formation masters could fight against opponents of a higher level!

"There is also a huge advantage to elemental formation masters. That is, their cultivation speed is fast. The speed of their comprehension of the simulated laws is ten times faster than that of non-elemental formation masters, or even more!"

"My Friend, you have seven attributes. You are a natural-born array master. The lack of wind and lightning is not a big deal. I have quite a number of five-elemental array formations here. If you cultivate them, you will definitely advance by leaps and bounds!"

Tian Jingzi stared at Wang Xian with a slight sigh!

This was also the main reason why he wanted to take Wang Xian in as his disciple when he found out that Wang Xian possessed the five-elemental attributes!

If one person controlled the five elements, it would be fine even if he didn't want a ray of light and dark wind and lightning from the array formation!

With the five elements, if he had a heaven and earth formation, he might be able to step into the Shaman Realm!

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

"The art of formations is vast. I have only grasped the basics of it even after tens of millions of years. You should be looking for someone now!"

"It's not difficult to find someone. Do you know about the Mirage? As long as you have the item on the other party, you can set up the law of the Mirage!" Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"This is a simulation of a water attribute law. If you can set up this formation, you will be able to investigate the past of this area!"

The god of formation continued his introduction!

"Impressive, Mirage. Investigate an area!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with astonishment. Such a method was indeed extremely powerful!

"Next, I will teach my young friend how to simulate the law. Supporting formations are easier than battle formations!"

In the next few months, Wang Xian began to learn array formations from the Heaven Array Formation!

Array formations were used to simulate the rules of the universe. Once one grasped some of the rules, one could directly set up an array formation for battle!

Using spiritual energy to guide various attributes to attack, the more arrays one could control, the stronger one's combat strength would be!

As an existence at the level of void God Emperor, the Heaven Array could control more than 10,000 arrays!

As a powerful array master, he had to learn how to explore arrays from the laws of the universe!

Arrays could mimic diseases and could directly curse people!

By simulating natural disasters, one could directly set up another natural disaster!

Of course, the power of all this was related to the strength and consumption of the array master!

The words 'Don't provoke the array master'mentioned by the Heaven Array God Emperor in the resplendent land had another point besides their scouting ability!

If that formation master used all his energy and even his life to curse, even if he was two levels higher than this formation master, he would still be in great danger!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for comprehending the mirage of the Water Elemental Formation!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for comprehending the darkness elemental formation. Your bloodline is connected!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for comprehending the Sea of Flames!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for comprehending the Holy Robe of flames!"

...

Following that, the system notifications kept coming in. One by one, the five elements and light and darkness formations were under Wang Xian's control!

Due to the fact that he possessed the five elements origin and light and darkness, coupled with the fact that he already possessed the combat strength of a God who had comprehended the power of two laws!

The speed of his control was extremely fast. In just a short year, he had completely mastered the first stage of the formation simulation formation!

However, battle-type formations were of little value to Wang Xian. In fact, they were of no use to him!

That was because he could use the energy in his body to simulate the formation directly!

The formation master could also set up the formation in advance in the formation compass. He could use it directly during battle. This was much faster than setting up a formation at the last minute!

If he set up a sufficient number of formation compasses, he could easily kill those who were a level higher than him!

"Simulated water attribute law: Mirage!"

"Established water attribute law: Void Memory!"

One month after a year, Wang Xian stood in the dragon field. A virtual image of the entire Dragon Palace appeared in the sky!

Following that, the vast energy in his body entered the mirage. The entire scene in the Mirage began to move slowly!

His heart skipped a beat. He injected energy again and the scene in the Mirage began to move rapidly!

This moving scene was the past. Check the past!

This was the first law that Wang Xian was able to establish!

The establishment of the law belonged to the second stage of the formation master, which corresponded to the level of the Eternal Lord!

In addition, it could be said that he had already become an eternal lord-level formation master!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In an instant, Wang Xian felt that his control over the water attribute had increased by a few hundred times. The speed of his cultivation had also increased by a few hundred times!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment. His eyes were sparkling!

"The cultivation of an array master is to simulate the laws. To establish the laws, establishing the laws requires a vast amount of energy!"

"Although I have only ignited six wisps of divine fire, due to the conversion of seven types of elemental energy, I have been able to achieve the level of an eternal God Lord!"

"Although it is just a supporting law, it is still the level of an eternal God Lord!"

Without the eternal kingdom, Wang Xian was able to advance to the realm of the Eternal God Lord, which was the realm of an array master. It could be said that Wang Xian was the only one of his kind!

The breakthrough of an array master also improved his control over the water attribute. It also improved his cultivation speed!

A hint of a smile appeared in Wang Xian's eyes. In the future, as long as he cultivated in seclusion for ten years, he would be able to level up even without using any resources!

"But now, some people are going to die!"

Very soon, a hint of cold killing intent flashed in Wang Xian's eyes!