Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2223: 2223 Dragon King of the Dragon Palace came to teach Wang Xian a lesson

The main reason why Wang Xian practiced formations was to lock onto the position of the Thunder God Lord!

After more than a year, he had achieved some success in the art of formations!

It was time for him to claim his life from the thunder god Lord!

"Formation: Black Hole!"

Wang Xian stepped out of the Dragon Palace and pointed his arm into the void in front of him. Streams of energy were injected into the space in front of him!

The formation of the black hole was due to the energy. Setting up a black hole formation could be done with any attribute, even if there was no attribute to rely on the spiritual energy!

Ten seconds later, a black hole appeared in front of Wang Xian!

In order to test it out, he did not use the formation inside the Dragon Palace to travel!

Buzz

Wang Xian disappeared the moment he stepped in!

The black hole set up by the formation was slightly different from the instantaneous movement of the strong ones.

The instantaneous movement of the experts required them to sense the position in the distance and move after positioning themselves!

As for the black hole, it was heading in a certain direction. The distance of the teleportation was determined by the energy injected into it!

This was not fixed and it had to be in a straight line!

However, the advantage was that the distance of the black hole was more than ten times or even dozens of times greater than the instantaneous teleportation of the experts!

Buzz

When Wang Xian appeared, he had already entered the vast void!

He took a look at the starry sky map and continued to construct the formation!

Ten seconds later, a black hole appeared in front of him. Wang Xian disappeared again!

The Dragon Palace was located in the middle of the boundless sea. It was not too far away from the center of the northern region where the eternal Thunderbolts used to be!

After more than ten consecutive black hole teleportation, Wang Xian only used a few minutes to arrive at the void where the lord of the Thunderbolts had placed the eternal kingdom!

"This speed is really fast. Even the lord of Eternal God who has comprehended a law is not as fast as this speed!"

Wang Xian floated in the void and was slightly surprised.

His eyes were sparkling as he looked at the thunderclap planet in front of him!

The current northern region was completely dominated by the Dragon Palace!

"I have to confirm one thing first!"

Wang Xian turned his gaze around and a faint mist was emitted from his body!

Buzz

He waved his arm rapidly. A black and white pattern slowly appeared in the sky!

The pattern was the epitome of this space!

"Formation, Mirage!"

Wang Xian spat it out gently. Following that, the Mirage rapidly solidified!

"Formation, Void Memory!"

Using the formation, Mirage, as the foundation, he established the laws and laid down the Void Memory Formation!

Wang Xian's heart stirred as he injected energy into the picture in front of him.

The picture in the picture started to revolve and started to reverse!

Buzz Buzz Buzz

With the continuous injection of energy, the picture started to reverse at an even faster speed. Soon, an eternal kingdom appeared in the picture!

That was a year ago!

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat as he stared at it intently!

From the departure of the eternal kingdom to its gradual return! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

At this moment, the scene from more than a year ago was displayed on the screen!

Buzz

All of a sudden, Wang Xian pointed his finger at the void and the scene was locked. He frowned slightly as he stared at the earthy yellow stone!

He pointed his finger and the scene continued to rewind!

Buzz

He waved his arm towards the sky and a figure appeared in the void above!

There were seven rocks floating above the vast figure. Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and was filled with coldness!

The scene continued to rewind and the entire void was calm!

"So the one who tipped off the others was the seven-star divine lord of the Eternal Seven Stars!"

A hint of killing intent flashed in Wang Xian's eyes!

With a move of his hand, a drop of blood appeared in his hand. This drop of blood came from the descendant of the thunder god Lord!

"Formation, Blood Connection!"

Wang Xian continued to set up formation after formation in the void and placed this drop of blood in the center!

Wang Xian waved the Mirage and landed directly in the formation with blood connection!

"Formation, mirror image!"

He shouted softly and the two formations reflected each other. An image of the eternal kingdom appeared!

"Found it!"

Wang Xian sensed the information transmitted from his bloodline connection. Looking at the mirror image, a cold expression appeared on his face!

"You hid so far away!"

Wang Xian sensed the location where the thunder god Lord was hiding. His eyes were filled with killing intent!

"I'll deal with you after I get rid of the seven stars First!"

He mumbled as he looked at the Thunder star in front of him and flew straight into the ocean!

After entering the Dragon Palace of the ocean, Wang Xian was teleported directly into the Dragon Palace of the boundless galaxy through the formation!

"Prime Minister Gui, inform Eternal Wind Expanse and the eternal seven stars of the Southern Region immediately. Tomorrow, Our Dragon Palace will pay a visit!"

Wang Xian returned to the Dragon Palace and spoke to Prime Minister Gui immediately!

"Oh? Dragon King, pay a visit to the Eternal Wind Expanse and the Eternal Seven Stars?"

Prime Minister Gui was a little puzzled!

"With the current strength of our Dragon Palace, it's time for us to occupy the entire ocean of the boundless galaxy!"

Wang Xian said to him calmly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head and replied!

Currently, the Southern Region, the Eternal Seven Stars, and the eternal divine leaves did not occupy the entire boundless galaxy!

It was time to occupy the entire ocean of the boundless galaxy!

"Let's visit the eternal wind field first, then the seven eternal stars!"

Wang Xian mumbled.

"What? The Dragon King is going to visit our Eternal Wind Field Tomorrow?"

Very soon, on the main planet of the Eternal Wind Field in the Southern Region, a group of peak-stage immortal realm experts of the eternal wind field gathered together!

When they received the news, their faces were filled with shock!

"The Dragon King is coming to visit us personally? Could it be because of the matter of the Thunder God Lord? We did not help them find the thunder god Lord!"

An old man frowned slightly, his face full of solemnity!

They had witnessed the strength of the Dragon Palace!

After all, a god Lord had fallen in the hands of the Dragon Palace, so they had to be careful!

"He came with ill intentions, but he told us in advance that he would come to visit us, so he probably won't come to cause trouble on purpose!"

An old man guessed!

"The Lord God Lord has found out about this, so he asked us to be ready. Since the Dragon King has come, we will warmly welcome him!"

An old man in the center stood up and immediately said!

"Yes!"

A group of peak-stage godly-realm experts nodded solemnly!

"Seven Stars, tomorrow the Dragon King will come to visit Eternal Wind Expanse first. You should come too!"

At the same time, in the Void next to Eternal Wind Expanse Main Planet!

An incomparably huge tornado was rotating, exuding an incomparably terrifying aura!

In a palace located in the middle of the tornado, god Lord Huanyu looked at the shadow in the mirror and said indifferently!

"Okay, Huanyu, I've said that we should unite. Otherwise, it won't be difficult for the Dragon Palace to break us one by one!"

In the mirror, seven star god Lord said with a cold face!

"Okay, when the Dragon King visits tomorrow, it's time for us to announce Our Alliance!"

God Lord Feng Huan hesitated for a moment and said indifferently!

The Dragon Palace's destruction of a god Lord made them feel jittery. A year ago, the seven star god Lord had come to him to announce their alliance!

But he didn't agree at that time. Now, it seemed like it was time for them to join forces!

Their alliance could also make the Dragon Palace worry a little!

The two of them joined forces. They believed that even if the other party had four God lords, they could still escape if they couldn't defeat them!