Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2224: 2224 the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace came to give advice

"Did you hear? The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is going to visit the Eternal Wind Universe and the Eternal Seven Stars!" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"What is the Dragon King going to do? Is it because of the thunder god Lord? The Eternal Wind Universe and the Eternal Seven Stars didn't pay attention to the orders of the Dragon Palace!"

The news that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was going to visit the Eternal Wind Universe and the eternal seven stars soon spread throughout the boundless star field!

The big forces in the endless star field paid close attention to the Dragon Palace's current actions!

As the strongest force, the Dragon Palace had once killed a god Lord. Any action of the Dragon Palace would attract the attention of all the forces!

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was going to visit the Eternal Wind Expanse Cosmos and the Eternal Seven Stars, which made many people extremely curious!

One day passed very quickly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the early morning of the next day, roars resounded throughout the ocean in the boundless sea!

The boundless sea was an ocean in the void, and the entire ocean was suspended in the void. The depth of the ocean was millions of meters deep!

The entire ocean was extremely vast, and the area of the ocean was comparable to hundreds of earths!

There were many aquatic creatures living in the boundless ocean, and it was now the headquarters of the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon Palace was located in the middle of the vast sea, suppressing an area!

Today, in the sky above the sea, nine extremely terrifying wind divine dragons were pulling a throne and roaring into the sky!

The nine wind divine dragons each emitted an aura that was not weaker than the nine wisps of divine fire!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian sat on the Dragon Throne while Prime Minister Gui and the rest stood at the side!

Behind him, ao he, the Dark Blazing Demonic Dragon, and Ao Xingmu were accompanying him!

At the back, there were 20 experts at the peak of the godly state of the Dragon Palace and 2,500 Dragon Guards!

"Roar!"

The Wind God Dragon roared again and a strong hurricane engulfed everyone!

"Boom!"

The nine wind god Dragons brought Wang Xian and the rest towards the direction of the southern region at a terrifying speed!

Their speed was even comparable to experts at the peak of the Godly State!

Wang Xian did not bring too many members of the Dragon Palace, but this was enough!

"Hahaha, seven star Lord, Please!"

However, at this moment, on the main planet of Eternal Wind Expanse!

An incomparably grand banquet venue was already filled with people. In the middle of the venue, God Lord Wind Expanse, who was dressed in green clothes, smiled and said to the figure in front of him!

"Haha!"

Seven star god Lord Laughed. The two of them sat in the center and began to chat with each other!

"Today, eternal windward announces that we will form an alliance with the Eternal Seven Stars. We will advance and retreat together!"

Not long after, God Lord Windward stood up and announced loudly!

His voice resounded throughout the entire planet!

"We, the Eternal Seven Stars, form an alliance with eternal windward. We will advance and retreat together!"

The Seven Stars Master also stood up and announced loudly!

In the center of the huge square, the disciples of the Eternal Seven Stars and eternal wind world watched this scene with sparkling eyes!

Today, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace would come to visit!

At this time, they had formed an alliance with the Eternal Seven Stars, and all the disciples could think of the reason!

They were afraid that the Dragon Palace would threaten them or order them!

The alliance between the two forces was to resist the Dragon Palace!

"The eternal seven stars are here, and they chose to join forces with the Eternal Wind Universe at this moment. It's obvious that they are here to resist the Dragon Palace!"

"The three God lords of the Dragon Palace joined forces with the East Divine Leaf God Lord to kill the Double Fox God Lord. Now that the seven stars God Lord and the Wind Universe god Lord have joined forces, it's still not as good as the Dragon Palace, but it's impossible to destroy them!"

"The seven star god Lord and wind expanse god Lord can also resist the Dragon Palace. After all, if the Dragon Palace really does something, they can contact the thunder god Lord who is still on the run. The thunder god Lord will definitely agree when he gets the news. When that time comes, the three God lords will be able to fight the Dragon Palace together!"

On the planet, some people were filled with shock when they heard the two god Lords'announcement!

Some of the forces that came to inquire about the news had their eyes twinkling!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, a vast roar came from the void. Everyone was slightly shocked and quickly looked towards the sky!

"Hiss, the Dragon King and the others are here!"

"Look, those nine terrifying creatures, what a powerful force!"

"Nine divine beasts that are comparable to nine wisps of Divine Fire God pulling a dragon throne, the Dragon King is so powerful!"

In the boundless galaxy, most of the people had never seen the Dragon King, nor had they seen the disciples of the Dragon Palace!

When they saw the group of members of the Dragon Palace flying over from afar, everyone's expression changed slightly!

They were all staring at him closely!

"Welcome, Dragon King, to the eternal expanse of wind!"

When the Star Banquet Square came out, the seven star master heard the roar and looked into the void!

He swept his gaze behind Wang Xian and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the mountain master and the Dongfang divine leaf master did not follow them!

Since the two masters did not follow them, there was nothing for them to be afraid of!

"Hehe, Welcome Dragon King. What a coincidence. A few days ago, Feng Huan and I agreed to meet up today. I didn't expect you to come too, Dragon King!"

"I heard that the Dragon King is going to our eternal seven stars as well. It just so happens that we are going together this time!"

The seven stars Lord also stood up and laughed loudly. He cupped his hands toward Wang Xian who was in the void!

"Haha, the Seven Stars Lord is here. That's Great!"

Wang Xian looked over. His eyes were sparkling!

"Roar! Roar!"

The nine divine wind dragons landed on the empty space in the middle. Wang Xian flew down from above!

"Please take a seat, Dragon King. May I know why you have come all the way here?"

God Lord Feng Huan looked at Wang Xian and asked with a smile on his face!

"It's nothing major. The main reason for my visit is that I need eternal wind Huan's approval on one matter!"

Wang Xian stood in the middle of the square and did not take a step forward. Instead, he stood there and spoke quietly!

"HMM?"

When the god of wind expanse saw Wang Xian in such a state, his pupils contracted slightly!

The expressions of the surrounding experts and disciples of the Eternal Wind Expanse and the eternal seven stars changed slightly as they looked at Wang Xian in unison!

"May I know what is the matter, Dragon King?"

The God of wind expanse frowned slightly as he asked!

"I want the oceans of all the life planets in the southern region. The Dragon Palace will control the oceans of all the life planets!"

Wang Xian spoke slowly!

As soon as he finished speaking, God Lord Wind Expanse's expression turned ugly instantly!

The oceans of the life planets?

The oceans of every life planet would take up two-thirds, one-half, or at least one-third of the entire planet!

Now, Wang Xian was asking for all the oceans. It was equivalent to asking for more than half of the territories of the Southern Region!

"Dragon King, aren't you asking for too much of the oceans of all the life planets? How can eternal wind world agree to such conditions?"

"I know that Your Dragon Palace is more powerful, but you can't Bully People Like This!"

God Lord Wind World's face was solemn as he growled at Wang Xian!

"Hehe, if that's the case, God Lord Wind World, i, the Dragon King, will experience your strength!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and walked forward slowly with his eyes locked onto him!