Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2225: 2225 the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace came to teach him a lesson

"HMM?"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words and seeing him take a few steps forward, god Lord Fenghuan and everyone around him stared at Wang Xian in astonishment!

Even the seven stars God Lord frowned slightly as his eyes sparkled!

"HMM? Let's see the strength of our God Lord Fenghuan. Hasn't the Dragon King not reached the level of a god Lord Yet?"

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace doesn't seem to be at the level of a god Lord yet. is he challenging the Lord Fenghuan Now?"

Some of the experts stared at Wang Xian and whispered!

"Dragon King, are you joking? Are you trying to see my strength?"

The Lord Fenghuan sized up Wang Xian from head to toe. He was certain that the Dragon King had yet to become the eternal God Lord!

"Dragon King, aren't you going a little overboard to want the oceans of all the life planets? I'm sure you know the size of the oceans on every planet!"

"Eternal wind and eternal seven stars have never provoked you before. Don't go too far!"

At the side, the seven stars Lord said to Wang Xian with a cold expression!

The Dragon Palace was indeed very strong. They were no match for them, but they were not afraid either!

If they were really forced into a corner, the entire Dragon Palace would have to pay a terrible price!

"Cut the crap and Attack!"

Wang Xian stared at the seven stars Lord and said calmly!

"Haha, Alright, Alright. Dragon King, I, Feng Huan, would like to see the strength of Your Dragon King!"

"If you can defeat me, I, Feng Huan, will give all the oceans to Your Dragon Palace!"

When the Feng Huan Lord heard Wang Xian's somewhat contemptuous words, a hint of anger flashed across his eyes!

If the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace also possessed the combat strength of a Lord, then the entire Dragon Palace would be able to mobilize five lords!

With five god-level masters, even if he joined forces with the Eternal Seven Stars, he would not be able to defend against the Dragon Palace!

"Let's Go!"

God Lord Fenghuan's eyes were filled with a cold glint. He moved his body and flew straight into the void!

Buzz

Wang Xian moved his body and flew over instantly. His body was surrounded by the yin and yang poles!

"Take This!"

Wang Xian said indifferently. His entire arm instantly turned into a dragon claw. The energy of the five elements was contained within it as it attacked God Lord Fenghuan!

"This power!"

Sensing Wang Xian's attack, god Lord Feng Huan's expression sank!

This power was definitely at the level of a god Lord!

"Damn it, this is troublesome!"

His expression changed slightly!

"We can't lose, or else..."

A terrifying tornado instantly condensed around him. With him as the center, the tornado instantly swept towards Wang Xian!

"RIP!"

Wang Xian waved his gigantic dragon claws and tore at the terrifying tornado!

The grayish destructive energy of the five elements instantly tore a hole in the tornado!

"What?"

God Lord Fenghuan's expression changed!

"This... The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace also has the strength of a god Lord!"

When the seven stars God Lord saw this scene, his expression changed drastically. A hint of fear could be seen in his eyes! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Not good, that Dragon King also has the strength of a Master God!"

"Oh my God, the Dragon King is also a master God, and there are four in the Dragon Palace alone, and with the divine leaf master's words..."

At this moment, all the experts of Eternal Wind Expanse and the seven star eternal changed their faces!

The Dragon Palace was becoming more and more terrifying!

"The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is fighting with our master God!"

"The Dragon King is fighting with God Lord Feng Huan. What... What Happened?"

On the entire planet, everyone's expression changed drastically when they saw the sudden rumbling sound coming from the void!

The Dragon King was fighting with God Lord Feng Huan!

The Dragon King also possessed the strength of a god Lord?

Then...

Everyone raised their heads in shock and looked in awe!

Boom

At this moment, Wang Xian moved and appeared in front of God Lord Feng Huan in an instant. His terrifying dragon claws tore at him once again!

"What a fast speed!"

God Lord Fenghuan's face was filled with a solemn expression when he saw Wang Xian's speed!

"Space Storm!"

His body shook and two gigantic wind wings appeared behind his back. With the flapping of the wind wings, a violent storm ocean attacked Wang Xian!

"Yin and Yang Extremes, seal!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and Taiji patterns slowly appeared around him!

Following that, a huge Taiji diagram appeared around the god of wind expanse!

The Taiji diagram revolved and completely surrounded the surrounding area of more than 10,000 kilometers!

"This is?"

Below, everyone looked at the Taiji diagram that appeared out of thin air. Their faces were filled with shock!

"Let's Lose!"

Wang Xian stared at the god of wind expanse. With a move of his body, his dragon claws emitted a grayish energy as he attacked the god of wind expanse once again!

"He clearly hasn't comprehended any laws. How could he have such a terrifying attack power? !"

God Lord Feng Huan's expression changed. Looking at the dragon claws that were attacking him again, he gritted his teeth!

"Laws, thousand miles of wind!"

His entire body was covered by a terrifying sharp light. A dazzling wind blade appeared!

A green light flashed and attacked Wang Xian!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Wang Xian completely ignored god Lord Feng Huan's attack. His dragon claws continued to claw forward!

The attack from Feng Huan landed on the Taiji diagram in front of him and produced a terrifying vibration sound!

The terrifying collision sound could be heard clearly by the surrounding planets!

"This is bad!"

However, god Lord Feng Huan's heart sank at this moment. His pupils revealed a look of fear!

He flapped the wind wings on his back and hurriedly fled to the side!

"Hua La!"

At this moment, the Taiji diagram floating around him was like a piece of cloth, directly wrapping around him!

"Break for me!"

God Lord Wind Expanse waved his arm, and terrifying wind blades slashed at the Taiji diagram!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

However, what frightened him was that all of his attacks could not break through the Taiji Diagram's defense!

"Whoosh!"

In the next moment, the terrifying Dragon Claw that was tens of thousands of meters in size went straight for him!

It contained an energy that made him feel despair!

"I admit defeat!"

He quickly shouted in horror!

"Bang!"

However, there was no fluctuation on Wang Xian's face. The Dragon Claw was like a slap on an ant as it landed on his body!

"PFFT!"

In an instant, the god of wind expanse spat out a large amount of blood. His face turned pale!

He could feel a destructive energy entering his body and extinguishing his life force!

His entire body fell heavily onto the ground!

"Boom!"

There was a loud vibration. Everyone could feel the entire planet trembling!

God Lord Fenghuan's body was directly hit into the planet, sinking at least 10,000 meters deep!

In the middle of the banquet square, there was a huge pit!

"Hiss!"

Everyone around sucked in a breath of cold air. Their faces were filled with shock as they looked at the deep pit, their bodies trembling!

Their god Lord, who had stood tall in the southern domain for hundreds of thousands of years, had been easily defeated by the Dragon King!

This...