Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2226: 2226 Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is here to teach 4

"Gulp!"

Wang Xian floated in the air and looked down. His face was filled with pride!

He flew down step by step and stared at the huge pit!

In the square, everyone couldn't help but gulp. Their faces were filled with shock!

The Dragon King's strength was so strong!

Such a Dragon King, such a Dragon Palace, who would be able to defeat him?

"Lord God!"

The bodies of some peak-stage immortal-level experts of eternal wind expanse trembled. They looked at Wang Xian in horror and hurriedly flew into the deep pit!

"Cough Cough!"

At this moment, the god Lord of Eternal Wind Expanse, who was in an extremely sorry state and had no color on his face, slowly crawled out of the Deep Pit!

When the group of Eternal Wind Expanse Masters saw the god of wind expanse in such a state, they hurriedly flew over to support him!

"Cough Cough!"

The God of Wind Expanse, who was extremely weak, could not help but cough again. He spat out a huge mouthful of blood!

He raised his head and stared at Wang Xian with a face full of fear. His eyes were filled with fear!

He had a strong feeling that if the Dragon King wanted to kill him, it would be a piece of cake!

His eternal divine kingdom was right beside him. Even if he were to enter the eternal divine kingdom, he wouldn't be able to escape!

"Dragon King, i... I admit defeat!"

He was a little frightened and his body trembled slightly!

"Don't you think it's a little too late?"

Wang Xian stared at him indifferently. His face was filled with a cold expression!

Previously, he had asked the ocean of all the life planets in eternal wind expanse to disagree. Now, it was already too late to agree!

"Then, Dragon King, what do you want me to do?"

The God of wind expanse clenched his teeth, clenched his fists, and roared weakly!

"All the oceans, plus all the resources of your Eternal Wind Expanse!"

Wang Xian said faintly!

"Dragon King, you... Don't go too far!"

The God of wind expanse's expression changed drastically when he heard his words. He spoke with some agitation!

The expressions of all the experts around Eternal Wind Huanyu also changed greatly, and their eyes revealed anger!

"Hu!"

"Dragon King, we admit that your Dragon Palace's strength is very strong, but now you want all of our resources. Isn't that too much! ?"

At this time, the seven star god Lord who stood at the side took a deep breath. His expression was uncertain!

He did not expect the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace to be so powerful!

Even the god of wind expanse was defeated so easily. What was his strength? He had comprehended the second law?

"Oh?"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian looked at the god of seven stars and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"What I want is different from your Eternal Seven Stars!"

He said indifferently!

"Huh?"

The seven stars Lord was slightly taken aback!

"Ao Xingmu, ao crab, and an lie!"

Wang Xian shouted softly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, Ao Xingmu, ao crab, and the rest locked onto the seven stars Lord without any hesitation!

At the same time, a vast and mighty force was emitted from their bodies!

A terrifying pressure spread across a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers!

The expressions of everyone in the surroundings and even the entire planet changed drastically. They felt as if the sky was collapsing!

Even the powerhouses at the peak of the godly state were kneeling down with a face full of fear and shock!

"Dragon Palace... There's one more god-level existence in the Dragon Palace. There's one more!"

All the powerhouses stared at AO Xingmu and Wang Xian with a face full of shock!

At this moment, they had no will to fight back against the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon King, along with the three divine masters beside him, and the four of them. This was not counting the Dragon King's little brother, Divine Master Shan Yue!

The divine leaf divine master who had a good relationship with him!

The six divine masters had to kneel before the Dragon King even if it was the thunder god Master and the Double Fox Divine Master who were resurrected!

"Is this the full power of the Dragon Palace?"

The experts at the peak of the godly state were trembling, and their faces were full of shock!

Who could fight against the Dragon Palace?

Who could fight against the Dragon King?

"We... We, Eternal Wind Expanse, are willing to submit to the Dragon King!"

Sensing the power of Ao Xing, Mu Ao Xie, and the others, God Lord Wind Expanse's face changed drastically!

He lowered his head and said softly!

"We... We, the Eternal Seven Stars, also submit. We also submit!"

The god of seven stars swept his gaze across AO xingmu and the others. His eyes were filled with astonishment as he spoke loudly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared at the god of seven stars with a mocking expression on his face!

"God of seven stars, isn't it a little too late to submit now?"

He asked faintly!

"HMM?"

The seven stars Lord was slightly stunned. He raised his head with some doubt!

"Back then, you informed the Thunder Lord. Do you think I don't Know?"

"I will let them off the eternal wind world. However, when you, the Seven Stars of Eternity, informed the Thunder Lord of the Eternal Wind World, the outcome was already decided!"

Wang Xian stared at him and said faintly!

Buzz Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As soon as Wang Xian's words were spoken, ao Xing, Wood AO, ao Kao, an lie, and the rest had completely locked onto him!

The three of them instantly surrounded him!

"What?"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the seven stars Lord's expression changed!

The expressions of all the experts in the entire eternal seven stars also changed. A look of fear slowly appeared in their eyes!

When the Lord of wind expanse saw this scene, his expression also changed slightly. His body could not help but take a few steps back!

It was obvious that the Dragon King wanted to destroy the seven stars God Lord and the Eternal Seven Stars!

"You... No, no, Dragon King, I didn't inform you!"

The seven stars God Lord's expression changed and he immediately shouted!

"You didn't? Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared at him and smiled contemptuously!

The surrounding energy began to gather. Ao qitian, ao crab, and an lie were ready to launch a fatal attack at any time!

When the god of seven stars saw Wang Xian staring at him mockingly, his expression kept changing!

"How... How did you know? How did you know!"

In the end, he could not help but growl and question Wang Xian!

"How can a dead man have so many questions!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

The god of seven stars'pupils constricted and his expression was extremely ugly. He quickly looked at god Lord Feng Huan who was beside him!

"Wind Expanse, advance and retreat together. If I am killed, you will not have a good life in the future!"

He immediately stared at the god of wind expanse and shouted sternly!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian heard his words and looked at the god of wind expanse!

"Cough Cough!"

The God of wind expanse could not help but cough when he saw Wang Xian staring at him!

"Seven Stars, you did not say that you once harmed the Dragon King. Do not involve us, Eternal Wind Expanse, in this matter!"

"We... We, Eternal Wind Expanse, will respect the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King in the future!"

God Lord Wind Expanse stared at the seven star god Lord and spoke righteously!

"Dragon King, although I'm injured now, if you want me to help, I can do it too!"

After he finished speaking, he looked at Wang Xian and spoke with a solemn expression!

Everyone around was stunned when they heard God Lord Wind Expanse's words!

Is He... loyal?

He is a little shameless!