Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2227: 2227 boundless: Dragon Palace as King 1

God Lord Huanyu's submission and loyalty shocked everyone!

Especially god Lord Huanyu's stern expression, which indicated that he could fight for the Dragon King, made everyone's mouths Twitch!

Eternal wind world's experts and disciples couldn't help but lower their heads. This wasn't the god Lord they knew!

But eternal wind world's experts and disciples also knew that with the current strength of the Dragon Palace's Dragon King and the others, even if they joined forces with the Eternal Seven Stars, they wouldn't be a match for him!

Even if the final outcome was the best, their eternal wind world and the Eternal Seven Stars would still be destroyed!

And their Lord God would be reduced to the same level as the thunder god Lord!

Even if the outcome was almost the same, their Lord God Might Die!

The Dragon King's strength was too terrifying. He had severely injured their lord god in just a minute!

No one could withstand such an existence!

God Lord Huanyu's submission actually made all the experts and disciples of eternal wind world slightly sigh in relief!

As for the eternal seven stars who had just shook hands and conversed with each other, forget it. Who asked you to want to harm the Dragon King!

"You... you... !"

When the seven stars master heard God Lord Feng Huan's words, his face revealed an extremely furious expression!

He extended his hand and pointed at god Lord Feng Huan in excitement. His body was trembling slightly!

They had just joined forces to advance and retreat. Now, he turned around and slashed!

He stared at God Lord Feng Huan and swept his gaze across Wang Xian and the rest. He clenched his fists tightly!

"Hiss!"

The bodies of all the experts from the eternal seven stars were trembling slightly. At this moment, their faces were filled with fear!

There were currently four Divine Masters from the Dragon Palace, Eternal Wind Expanse, mountain god Lord, Divine Leaf God Lord, and six Divine Masters.

How could six divine masters fight against one of their eternal seven stars?

"Dragon King, we... We, the eternal seven stars, are willing to submit. We... We..."

The seven stars Lord's body was trembling slightly, and his eyes were filled with fear!

"Your death is already destined. Don't even think about escaping. There are people guarding your divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian said calmly!

When he learned that the seven stars Lord had also come to the eternal wind field, Wang Xian had already made preparations!

He had Chen Feiyang and the Divine Leaf Lord Head to the Eternal Seven Stars to prevent the seven stars Lord from escaping!

Although Wang Xian could still lock onto them with his current means even if they had escaped, he could still prevent them from escaping!

However, in order to avoid unnecessary trouble, he instructed Chen Feiyang and the divine leaf god Lord to stand guard there!

The seven stars God Lord would definitely die this time!

"Dragon King, don't push it too far!"

The seven stars God lord trembled violently when he heard his words. His eyes turned blood-red instantly as he roared furiously!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian looked at his furious expression and a cold look appeared in his eyes!

Buzz

Ao he, Ao Qitian, and an lie, who were surrounding the god of seven stars, instantly moved under Wang Xian's command!

"Strike the god!"

Ao Xingmu shouted softly. In an instant, the god of seven stars was covered by terrifying thorns!

At the same time, Ao Xingmu, AO he, an lie, and the rest were also covered by thorns!

A battlefield that connected to the sky was completely covered by AO xingmu!

Wang Xian looked over, but there were no fluctuations on his face!

With the strength of Ao Ke and the rest, it was a piece of cake for them to destroy the seven stars Divine Lord!

"Take down everyone from the Eternal Seven Stars immediately!"

At the side, the god of wind expanse looked at the area that was surrounded by the thorns that connected to the sky. Waves of terrifying energy fluctuations came from within, and a hint of horror appeared on his face!

Sweeping his gaze around, God Lord Huanyu immediately ordered his disciples!

"It's Lord God Lord!"

Eternal Huanyu's disciples also knew that they had to perform well in front of the Dragon King, so they immediately shouted out respectfully!

They looked coldly at all the Eternal Seven Stars'disciples, and their eyes revealed a sinister look!

"Please don't Kill Us, Dragon King!"

All the disciples of the Eternal Seven Stars knelt on the ground in horror and begged for mercy loudly!

"Kill the direct disciples of the Seven Stars Master!"

Wang Xian looked over and said indifferently!

In order to cause unnecessary trouble, the direct disciples of the seven stars master must be killed!

"It's the Dragon King!"

God Lord Huanyu nodded immediately at the side!

"Dragon King, we are willing to give the Dragon Palace the ocean of all the life planets in the entire southern region. We are willing to offer all the resources!"

He hesitated for a moment before gritting his teeth and continuing to speak to Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. "Your Eternal Wind Expanse does not have much of a grudge against our Dragon Palace. In the future, the southern region will still be your world. Our Dragon Palace will only rule the water tribe!"

"Yes, yes!"

When the Divine Lord of wind expanse heard Wang Xian's words, he heaved a sigh of relief!

"Ah!"

At this moment, a scream was heard from the area where the heaven-reaching thorns were entangled!

The Lord of wind expanse took a look and his eyes sparkled!

In the entire boundless galaxy, the eastern divine leaf god was on good terms with the Dragon Palace while the northern thunderclap god Lord was on the run! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The central seven stars were about to be killed while the western twin foxes were already destroyed!

Only eternal wind expanse of the south was still around!

Overall, eternal wind expanse of the South had a better ending!

Thinking of this, he felt much more relaxed!

Although the price he had to pay was relatively high, at least eternal wind expanse of the south was still around, and there were no casualties!

"That's good, that's Good!"

He mumbled and secretly glanced at Wang Xian who was beside him!

In the future, the Dragon King would be revered in the entire boundless star field!

With such strength and influence, no one could defeat him!

"He has comprehended at least two laws!"

He mumbled!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, the heaven and earth began to tremble. The body of the god of wind expanse trembled!

Everyone around quickly raised their heads and looked at the sky!

Crack! Crack! Crack

In the middle of the square, the thorn that reached the sky slowly disappeared. On the ground, there was a corpse lying quietly on the ground!

"He was killed so quickly?"

Everyone around took a deep breath when they saw this scene, and their faces were full of shock!

"I'm so glad that the divine lord of the Dragon Palace made a choice just now. The Divine Lord of the Dragon Palace is not simple either!"

God Lord Huanyu wiped the sweat from his forehead and glanced at AO Xie and the others with some fear!

It had only been a few minutes, and he had completely killed the seven star divine lord in less than a minute!

Such terror, who would dare to be his enemy!

"What happened!"

At the same time, the entire planet saw the wailing of heaven and earth, and the rain of blood pouring down from the sky. Everyone's faces were filled with shock!

They raised their heads, and a wave of grief could not be stopped!

"This is... a god Lord has fallen!"

"What exactly happened? Just Now, God Lord Fenghuan and the Dragon King were fighting in the void, and it seemed like the seven star god Lord was heavily injured. Could it be that God Lord Fenghuan has fallen?"

"And what was that thorny thing just now? That vast energy that was sealed, what exactly happened?"

On the planet, the disciples of Eternal Huanyu and the people who had come to inquire about the news were filled with shock!