Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2228: 2228 boundless: Dragon Palace as King 2

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"All eternal wind universe disciples, listen up. From today onwards, the Eternal Wind Universe will be ruled by the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King as King!"

Everyone on the entire planet looked up at the bloody rain in the sky in shock!

Someone had seen such a bloody rain before. It had covered several planets over a thousand years ago by the eternal twin foxes!

This was the heaven and earth phenomenon caused by the fall of the god Lord!

The entire planet was shaking!

However, at this moment, God Lord Fenghuan's voice rang out and entered everyone's ears!

Everyone was slightly stunned, and then their eyes slowly widened!

"This... This is god Lord Fenghuan's voice. This... Eternal Fenghuan surrenders to the Dragon King?"

"Hiss, God Lord Fenghuan is still alive. That... that means the seven star god Lord has been killed by the Dragon King and the others!"

"Oh my God, another god Lord has fallen and another god Lord has been killed by the Dragon Palace!"

Everyone's mouths were slightly agape. They were filled with disbelief!

"The matter with the seven star god Lord has been resolved. Let's Go and destroy the thunder god Lord!"

Wang Xian took a glance at God Lord Fenghuan and said to Ao he and the rest!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he and the rest nodded their heads!

"Dragon King, you... You Go and destroy the Lord of Shocking Thunder. Do you know where he is?"

When the Lord of universal wind heard Wang Xian's words, his body trembled!

"You can check!"

Wang Xian looked at him indifferently!

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, the blood vessels of the formation were connected!

The mirror image of the formation!

The two formations were activated instantly. In front of them, the scene of the Eternal Divine Kingdom of the Lord of Shocking Thunder appeared!

"Formation, black hole!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He set up the black hole formation and looked at the surrounding members of the Dragon Palace!

"Let's Go!"

He said faintly!

"Yes!"

Ao he, Ao Xingmu, and the rest nodded immediately.

The group of Dragon Palace members entered the black hole!

Wang Xian walked to the front of the black hole and waved his arm. He took the bloodlines in his hand!

Buzz

The next moment, he stepped into the black hole and disappeared instantly!

This... this...

When God Lord Fenghuan saw this scene, he was shocked!

"What is this? A formation?"

His eyes sparkled. As a god Lord, he knew a little about formations!

When he saw such a method, his eyes were filled with shock!

"The picture just now is the Divine Kingdom of the thunder god Lord. The Dragon King found the thunder god Lord through this method!"

"No wonder the Twin Fox god Lord had already escaped back to the divine kingdom and was killed by the Dragon King and the others. This method..."

Fear flashed in the eyes of the wind expanse god Lord!

With such a strange method, even if he wanted to escape, he couldn't!

"Hu!"

"Eternal Wind Expanse Disciples, prepare all the resources we have and send them to the Boundless Sea Dragon Palace!"

He ordered the disciples around him!

"Yes!"

The Eternal Wind Expanse disciples who had witnessed the Dragon King's strength weren't surprised at all and immediately responded!

What happened on Eternal Wind Expanse's side spread to the other planets at a terrifying speed!

When everyone learned that the seven star god Lord had been killed by the Dragon King and Eternal Wind Expanse had submitted, countless people were shocked!

One had been killed, and the other had submitted. The entire boundless star field was now under the control of the Dragon Palace!

When the other big and small forces in the boundless star field received the news, they were all shocked, and their eyes sparkled!

Even the eternal wind world had submitted to them, what about them?

In the past, the Five Great God lords kept each other in check, and the god lord-level forces couldn't spread far!

Now that the god lord-level forces had submitted, and the Dragon Palace wanted the ocean of all the planets, why wouldn't they submit?

Even if the Dragon Palace didn't need them to submit, they had to show their loyalty!

All the forces had decided to go to the boundless sea as soon as possible to show their loyalty and give them treasures!

Just as the news of the seven star god Lord being destroyed by the Dragon Palace and eternal wind universe submitting spread to all the planets!

In the east at the edge of the Eastern Region!

Further east at the edge of the eastern region was the boundless void!

The boundless star field was very large, but many people in the boundless star field didn't know about the void further away!

The universe was vast and boundless, and the universe was more like a lifeless void!

Take the surroundings of the infinite star field as an example. No one knew what galaxy was around the Infinite Star Field!

Even the eternal God Lord had never left the infinite star field before!

There was once a god Lord who flew in a certain direction for a few years, but didn't find any galaxy and came straight back!

God masters were also afraid of being lost in the vast void space!

Besides, the universe was not completely silent. There were universe storms, space beasts, and universe turbulence!

There were also some naturally formed dead lands that were extremely dangerous!

In the face of some universe disasters, God masters were like ants!

In a void space close to the edge of the eastern region, there was a distance of more than one billion kilometers from the eastern region!

At such a distance and in such a deep place, there were no signs of life!

And in the center of a few meteorites, there was a vast eternal kingdom located in the center!

After the thunder god Lord escaped from the energy tide, he directly escaped into this void!

The Eternal Kingdom was very large, and there were many of his lovers and servants in it!

The thunder god Lord was prepared to hide here for more than ten years before he left!

He didn't believe that the Dragon Palace would keep looking for him!

In a hall in the eternal kingdom, he was sitting and reading some information!

Although he was hiding here, he still had some loyal subordinates who were sending him some information about the endless star field!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the entire eternal kingdom suddenly trembled!

"What happened?"

The thunder god Lord was slightly stunned. He moved his body and immediately appeared in the sky above the eternal kingdom!

"Dragon King!"

When he arrived in the sky above the Eternal Kingdom and saw Wang Immortal in the void, he was slightly shocked!

His expression instantly darkened and revealed a panicked look!

"Dragon King... how... How did you guys find this place?"

He widened his eyes and roared at them with a gloomy face!

"You don't need to know. Kill him!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"Yes!"

In an instant, AO he, Ao Xingmu, and the rest began to move!

At this moment, the surrounding thorns had sealed off the entire divine kingdom. Even the divine kingdom was entangled by thorns!

"Damn it! Damn it!"

Feeling the terrifying might of Ao he and the other two, his heart pounded violently!

Why was there another god-level powerhouse in the Dragon Palace?

His face was filled with disbelief!

"Run, run, run!"

The thunder god Lord had no intention of resisting. His body shook and he was prepared to flee immediately!

The entire eternal divine kingdom emitted vast thunderbolts that covered a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

"Can you escape?"

Wang Xian floated in the void quietly. Looking at the anxious and terrified thunder god Lord, his face was filled with mockery!

With the current Dragon Palace, it was too easy to kill the Lord of Thunderbolt!