Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2229: 2229 boundless: Dragon Palace as King 3

"Devour!"

In the vast void, the dragon palace slowly emerged behind Wang Xian and started to devour the vast eternal kingdom! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The Thunder God Lord was dead!

Wang Xian was not surprised by this result at all!

After finding his hiding place, the fate of the thunder god Lord was already decided!

This was the third god Lord who died at the hands of the Dragon Palace. One of them had comprehended the fire law, one of the Thunder law, and one of the Earth Law!

The three laws corresponded to the three divine kingdoms. If the Dragon Palace wanted to level up, they still needed to devour the Eternal Divine Kingdoms with the other six attributes!

"Let's go back!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he immediately set up a black hole array and flew toward the center of the Boundless Sea!

"Let's go and take Hua'er and Cai'er with us so that they won't blame themselves!"

Halfway through, when he passed by the eternal divine leaf, Wang Xian paused for a moment and revealed a smile on his face!

He took a look at the starry sky chart and immediately flew towards the location of the eternal divine leaf!

In the Eternal Divine Kingdom of the Divine Leaf God, after Wang Xian arrived, he asked the members of the Dragon Palace to wait!

"Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When everyone in the eternal divine leaf saw Wang Xian, their bodies trembled slightly. They hurriedly greeted Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly and walked straight in!

Along the way, all the disciples of eternal leaf stopped immediately when they saw Wang Xian and greeted him respectfully!

Who Didn't know about the strength of the Dragon King, the Dragon Palace's eternal leaf?

This was especially so when the news of the seven stars Divine Lord being destroyed by the Dragon Palace and Eternal Wind World's submission was first reported to eternal leaf!

Everyone was extremely shocked!

Now that they saw the Dragon King, they all greeted him respectfully!

"I remember that five or six years ago, the Dragon King stepped into our eternal divine leaf as the godfathers of the two princesses. At that time, the Dragon King's strength was at most nine wisps of divine fire, and the Dragon Palace was also a nameless force!"

"Now that the Dragon King's strength is heaven-defying, and the Dragon Palace is invincible in the world, this is really the luck of our Dongfang divine leaf!"

"Yeah, who would have thought that the Dragon Palace, which came from the vipralopa land, would be so terrifying now? The current Dragon Palace can easily destroy us!"

Some people looked at Wang Xian's back and whispered among themselves!

"Dragon King!"

When they approached the eternal divine tree, the surrounding guards immediately bowed respectfully!

"Yes, I'm here to look for the two girls!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and said with a smile!

"Dragon King, the two princesses are inside. I'll Bring You There!"

The guards led the way respectfully. Soon, there were a few experts from the eternal divine leaves around Wang Xian. Each of them pointed the way!

"Hua'er Cai'er!"

When they arrived above the eternal divine tree, Wang Xian shouted into the tree!

"Old Wang, you still know to come and look for us!"

The two girls who knew that Wang Xian was coming ran out from the tree and said with displeasure on their faces!

This was the second time that Wang Xian had come to look for them in five to six years. Naturally, the two girls had a lot of opinions!

"Aren't you a little busy? Now that everything has been settled, I'm here to bring you to the Dragon Palace of the boundless sea to have some fun!"

Wang Xian stroked their heads with a smile on his face!

"Are you a little busy? Why did we hear that our Dragon King killed the two Fox Gods and exterminated the eternal two foxes in a fit of anger?"

Hua'er rolled her eyes at him and teased him!

"Hehe, who did you two girls listen to? Are you leaving or not? I've gotten a lot of good stuff recently. You can choose whatever you like as compensation!"

Wang Xian laughed and quickly changed the topic!

"Hehe, you said it yourself. We will bring mother along this time!"

Hua Er Cai'er's eyes lit up and she quickly nodded her head!

"Alright, Alright. Let's go together. You can stay there for a few years and tour the boundless galaxy. In the future, no one will dare to bully you in the entire boundless galaxy!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

Although Hua er Cai'er was the daughter of the Master of God, they didn't dare to step into the northern region in the past. Neither did they dare to rashly enter the territory of other masters of God!

Now, who would dare to provoke them?

"Haha, that's right. Who would dare to provoke us in the future? HMPH!"

The two little girls raised their heads with pride on their faces. Their faces were filled with pride!

"Little brother Wang Xian!"

At this moment, Madam Shenye, who had received the news, walked over with a smile on her face. She greeted Wang Xian with a smile!

"Mom, let's go. Let's go to the boundless sea and Old Wang's Place!"

Hua'er Cai'er said excitedly!

"Madam Shenye, you look good!"

Wang Xian looked at Hua'er Cai'er's mother with a glint in his eyes!

Back then, her face was full of snow-white hair. Now, her hair had turned black and her body had undergone a huge change!

"Hehe, my lifespan was forcefully extended by Shen Ye!"

"I have to thank little brother Wang Xian for the current situation. Since you are going to use the divine branches to put out the fire, I have now comprehended a hint of the law of spring after a dead tree!"

Madam Shen Ye said with a smile!

"Oh? You have comprehended a hint of the law. Madam Shenye, Hua'er, and Cai'er are going to the Dragon Palace this time. With the help of some treasures in the Dragon Palace, Madam Shenye, you will be able to level up to the level of an eternal divine Lord!"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said!

"Really, Old Wang?"

Hua'er's eyes lit up. She grabbed his arm and said excitedly!

"You two girls should know the energy of the ancestral tree in the Dragon Palace. There shouldn't be too much of a problem. Furthermore, some of the treasures in the Dragon Palace are enough to build an eternal divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"Thank you, little brother Wang Xian!"

A hint of excitement flashed across Madam Shenye's eyes!

"Mwah!"

The two girls smiled happily!

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

They grabbed Wang Xian's arm and said happily!

"Alright, we just killed the Lord of Thunderbolt and passed by here. There are still members of the Dragon Palace outside. Let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to the two girls!

"Lord of Shocking Thunder? Old Wang, have you found him?"

The two girls were slightly stunned and asked immediately!

"Can he escape from My Hands?"

Wang Xian joked!

"Awesome, Awesome, let's Go!"

Hua Er Cai'er walked out happily!

Buzz

"Prime Minister Gui, inform everyone that the Dragon Palace will host a banquet for all the forces in the boundless galaxy in ten days!"

"Also, announce that the Dragon Palace will open its Dragon Gate in ten days. All aquatic creatures that pass through the Dragon Gate can join the Dragon Palace!"

He brought Hua Cai'er and their mother to the Dragon Palace!

He ordered Prime Minister Gui!

Now that the Double Fox God Lord, the thunder god Lord, and the seven star god Lord had been destroyed, eternal wind had submitted, and Dongfang Shenye had become his friend!

Then it was time for the Dragon Palace to announce to the world that they were sovereign!

Moreover, the Dragon Palace would also need to recruit a large number of disciples!