Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2230: 2230 boundless: Dragon Palace as King 4

"More than a year ago, the seven star god Lord told the thunder god Lord that the seven star god Lord had been killed by the Dragon Palace and the eternal wind had submitted!"

"It is said that the thunder god Lord has been killed by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. The entire boundless star field is now under the control of the Dragon Palace!"

"In addition, the Dragon King will invite all the forces of the boundless star field to a banquet in the boundless star field in ten days. At the same time, he will announce a huge news. All the aquatic divine beasts and Demon Beasts of the boundless star field can break through the Dragon Palace's Dragon Gate. Intruders can join the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace will only accept disciples from the aquatic divine beasts. Hiss, this is the good news for all the aquatic divine beasts and Demon Beasts!"

"Crazy, crazy, all the aquatic creatures have gone crazy after hearing this news!"

The news of the seven star god Lord's death, the news of Eternal Wind's submission, and the Dragon Palace's banquet spread across the entire boundless region!

The first reaction of everyone and all the factions after receiving the news was to prepare to head to the boundless sea in ten days!

The water tribe Demonic Beasts and divine beasts became even crazier and immediately set off to head to the boundless sea!

Join the Dragon Palace!

This was a sky-high achievement for any water tribe creature!

What kind of existence was the Dragon Palace Now? It was the overlord of the entire boundless star field. As long as one could join the Dragon Palace, it was equivalent to a sky-high achievement!

Countless demonic beasts and divine beasts immediately headed to the boundless sea!

All the forces were preparing all kinds of treasures and resources to come!

Who Dared to disobey the order of the Dragon King Now?

"Little brother Wang Xian, thank you so much!"

"Little Brother, Your Dragon Palace is a little special. In the future, I'll inform someone to free up the sea. Your Dragon Palace can build a dragon palace there!"

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace, Divine Master Shenye was looking at his wife who was cultivating under the ancestral tree with her legs crossed. His face was filled with excitement!

When he looked at the ancestral tree, he was also extremely excited!

"Haha, Thank You Very Much, Brother Shenye!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Wang Xian smiled and revealed a smile!

"We are a family. It's too polite to say too much!"

Divine leaf master shook his head!

Now that his two daughters were doted on by the Dragon King, they could even choose the treasures in the Eternal Divine Kingdom of the seven-star master of the god of Thunder!

His wife was cultivating in the Dragon Palace and had the chance to comprehend the laws and become the Eternal Master!

In that case, what else could he, divine leaf master, ask for!

With the relationship between his daughters, what was wrong with giving the planets to the Dragon King, let alone the ocean?

After all, everyone knew that the boundless galaxy would belong to the Dragon Palace in the future!

As the two daughters of the Dragon King and the two pampered girls, the boundless galaxy would belong to the two girls as well!

"Haha, that's true. Brother Shenye will stay here for a period of time and leave after sister-in-law becomes the god Lord. Brother Shenye and the disciples of Eternal Shenye will also come to the banquet in a few days!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Alright, Alright. Sorry to Bother You Then!"

"Haha, I Won't Bother You. The last time I went to Eternal Shenye, Brother Shenye treated me with great hospitality. This time, I will be the host!"

The two of them laughed and conversed!

"Old Wang, come over here. Sister Feng Luan has lit the ninth wisp of divine fire!"

At this moment, Hua Er's loud voice could be heard!

Wang Xian shook his head and gestured to the Divine Leaf God before flying towards the Dragon Field!

When he arrived at the Dragon Field, Wang Xian saw a pair of wings sprouting from Feng Luan's back in the sky. She was flapping her wings beautifully!

"Feng Luan!"

Wang Xian looked at the girls around him and shouted at Feng Luan!

"Little Xian, I have lit up the ninth wisp of divine fire. Now, I can fight against the God!"

Feng Luan said with a smile!

"There's no rush to cultivate slowly. Don't tire yourself out!"

Wang Xian walked over and patted her head!

"I know!"

Feng Luan nodded her head!

Ever since Qing Yue and Lingxiu left, the group of girls had been cultivating diligently!

Apparently, the previous incident had dealt a huge blow to them!

"In the next period of time, you guys should stop cultivating and tour the boundless sea with the two little girls. Tour the entire boundless star field!"

"I'll settle the matter between Qingyue and Lingxiu in the future. I'll get them back!"

"You guys must know that Qingyue is the only ancient god kun-herding master in the Universe!"

Wang Xian consoled the group!

Wang Xian wasn't too worried about Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu!

It had been more than a year now and nothing had happened to the two of them. It was unlikely that anything would happen to them in the future!

Lan qingyue, who had the inheritance of the ancient god's kun-feeding master, had many tricks up her sleeves!

The Kun in the universe fed on the dragons and phoenixes, which were peak bloodlines!

The next time they met, Lan Qingyue might be even more powerful!

"Okay!"

The group of girls nodded their heads and felt a little better!

In the next few days, Wang Xian accompanied the group of girls to stroll around the boundless sea!

Wang Xian was not too familiar with the boundless sea. The group of them were relaxed and happy every day!

During these few days, all the major forces in the boundless galaxy surged into the Boundless Sea!

Almost 50% of the experts and disciples of the Eternal Wind Expanse and eternal divine leaf had come!

Tens of billions of people had gathered around the boundless sea!

Around the boundless sea, many continents were floating!

As Wang Xian's mother planet, earth was also brought to the sky above the boundless sea by Wang Xian!

The entire boundless sea was bustling and bustling!

The arrival of all the major forces did not cause any commotion. There wasn't even any conflict!

This was because no one dared to fight here!

Apart from the tens of billions of people, there were also tens of billions of aquatic creatures. There were even more aquatic creatures rushing over!

Once they could break through the Dragon Gate, they would leap over the Dragon Gate and soar into the sky!

"This is our Earth's Dragon Palace, the Dragon King!"

All the people on Earth looked at this grand event with pride and pride on their faces!

Now, when they walked out and talked about coming from Earth, all of them looked at them with envy?

Even the disciples of some powerful forces didn't dare to provoke the people of Earth for no reason!

"Set up the formation!"

On the last day of the ten-day banquet, all the members of the Fire Hammer clan of the Dragon Palace flew to the sky above the boundless sea!

They floated to the surface of the sea and took out formation compasses!

These were the compasses they had made!

The compasses were thrown into the sky, and a huge dreamy space appeared out of thin air!

They used the earth element to form a ground, and the metal element to form tables and chairs!

It was a vast square that could be entered by hundreds of millions of people!

At the front of the square, there were two big words, "Dragon Palace"!

The two words were shining and giving off a vast power!

"Hiss, what's that?"

On the surrounding continents, everyone was shocked when they saw the majestic square formed by the Array Formation!

"Tomorrow, we will worship the Dragon King!"

At this moment, everyone's hearts were filled with awe!