Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2231: 2231 lord of the Endless Sea

"Enter one by one and find a place to sit according to your strength!"

The next morning, a voice sounded in the sky above the endless sea!

Tens of billions of people had gathered around the endless sea. When they heard the voice, they immediately flew toward the square that was formed by the formation above the Endless Sea!

At the entrance, AO Yaksha, a member of the Dragon Protection Department of the Dragon Palace, led his subordinates to guard it!

He held a trident in his hand and was about three meters tall. Each of his body exuded a powerful force!

The Dragon Palace had destroyed the eternal twin foxes, the Eternal Thunderbolts, and the Eternal Seven Stars. The number of members who had lit the divine fire in the Dragon Palace had reached more than 2,000!

Among them, 3,000 members had reached the peak of the demigod realm and possessed the combat power of a Wisp of divine fire!

In the past year, the Dragon Palace's strength had increased tremendously!

"Come on, let's Go!"

"I haven't seen the Dragon King yet. I'm finally lucky enough to see him today!"

"I wonder what the Dragon King will announce today?"

Some people entered with curiosity, awe, and worry!

"To build such a huge and majestic square in just a few minutes, the Dragon Palace is really powerful!"

Some people entered the huge and majestic square, their eyes full of shock!

At the front of the square, there was a huge statue of a divine dragon. The seven-colored divine dragon was exuding a powerful majesty!

"Even a statue is exuding a terrifying aura. This..."

The forces that came in looked around with their eyes wide open!

"Those are the people from the eternal divine leaf. The people from the eternal divine leaf have arrived early!"

Some people looked to the left of the center and saw that there were already several million people gathered there!

"I heard that the two daughters of the divine leaf master who went missing and died were raised by the Dragon King after they were resurrected. The relationship between the eternal divine leaf and the Dragon King is very good!"

Some people heard some rumors and discussed in low voices!

"That's someone from the eternal Chen clan. According to Divine Lord Shan Yue's wife, the Dragon King is the savior of divine Lord Shan Yue. Now that the Dragon King has let the Eternal Chen clan control the Western Region, I'm really envious!"

"That divine Lord Shan Yue's wife is really lucky. Divine Lord Shan Yue is the youngest eternal divine Lord!"

"Lucky? Then you don't know who the mountain god Lord's wife is? The mountain god Lord's wife is the biological sister of the Dragon King's only disciple, the Dragon Queen's Disciple!"

"Damn, I didn't expect the mountain god Lord's wife to have such a deep background!"

The people who came in looked at the eternal Chen clan's position and discussed animatedly!

"See, the one next to the Eternal Chen clan is the Dragon King's disciple. He has already ignited seven wisps of divine fire!"

"Only seven Wisps of Divine Fire? The power of seven wisps of divine fire is a little low!"

"What do you know? This disciple of the Dragon King is only in his thirties. You said that his power is a little low!"

"F * ck, he lit seven wisps of divine fire in his thirties. How is this possible? How is this possible!"

Discussions and exclamations could be heard as the various major forces walked toward the seats one by one!

"Make way, make way! Eternal Wind Expanse Master has arrived. He has personally brought his disciples here!"

At this moment, voices could be heard from behind, and some people hurriedly made way!

The once five Great God lords of the Endless Star Field were now only left with God Lord Shenye and God Lord Fenghuan!

Although Eternal Wind Expanse had submitted to the Dragon Palace, their strength had not decreased. Now, apart from the Dragon Palace and eternal divine leaf, they were still the strongest!

Even the eternal Chen clan was much weaker than them!

"Hehe!"

God Lord Wind Expanse, who was standing at the front, glanced around and walked straight toward the unknown!

"Little brother Xiao ran, mountain god Lord!"

God Lord Wind Expanse walked to the position next to the eternal Chen clan and cupped his hands toward Xiao Ranchen and the others!

"God Lord Wind Expanse!"

The two immediately stood up and responded politely!

"Haha, there's no one around, right? Then we'll take our seats!"

God Lord Huanyu gestured to the seats next to him and said with a smile!

"God Lord Huanyu, Eternal Huanyu, please take your seats!"

Chen Feiyang raised his head slightly and said!

Eternal Huanyu and the others sat next to him with smiles on their faces!

More and more people gathered in the square. Soon, there were more than 100 million people!

"The members of the Fox Mark Divine clan are here!"

All of a sudden, surprised voices arose. At least tens of millions of people looked at the entrance!

"The Fox Mark Divine clan is the one who has reached the sky in one step!"

Some people said slowly!

Walking past the members of the Fox Mark Divine clan in front of so many people, they were filled with emotion!

More than a year ago, they had a glorious time!

However, that glorious time was only in the western region. Now, it was in the entire boundless star area!

From the looks of the other forces, they could see how envious the Fox Pattern Divine clan was!

"Hu Fei has really given birth to a good daughter!"

Some disciples of the Fox pattern divine clan slightly raised their heads, their faces full of pride!

The Hu Wen Celestial race had been walking forward, sitting next to the eternal divine leaf!

In two hours, almost all the forces in the endless star field had arrived!

"Buzz!"

At this time, Divine Lord Shenye and his wife walked out from the seabed behind them, heading straight for the eternal divine leaf!

"The Dragon King is coming out!"

Seeing Divine Master Shenye and the rest coming out, some people thought to themselves!

"Roar!"

At this moment, a dragon roar came from behind!

"Splash!"

On the surface of the water in front of them, figures slowly emerged! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Wang Xian stood at the center and was surrounded by ten girls!

Prime Minister Gui stood at the right and front while a group of dragon guards accompanied him at the back!

Wang Xian, who was draped in a colorful dragon robe, swept his gaze across everyone around him and walked forward indifferently!

A group of girls and members of the Dragon Palace followed behind him!

Buzz

When Wang Xian arrived at the front of the Dragon Throne, everyone from all the factions and demonic beasts stood up in unison!

"Paying respects to the Dragon King!"

A deafening voice resonated in the sky above the boundless sea. All of them bowed and cupped their fists. Their faces were filled with respect!

"Sit down!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. His voice entered everyone's ears!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Everyone from all the factions responded quickly and sat down on their seats!

They looked at Wang Xian in awe and swept their gaze across everyone around him!

"That's the group of Dragon Queens. The two twins should be the daughters of the god of Shenye. As expected, the two daughters of the god of Shenye have a very high status in the Dragon Palace!"

"That's Hu Yan 'er, Hu Yan 'er from the Hu Wen Celestial race!"

Some of them saw the group of girls sitting on the dragon throne and imprinted it into their minds. This was an existence that they could not afford to offend!

It was also someone they needed to please!