Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2232: On the battlefield of 2232 divine emperor

"The Dragon Palace has gathered everyone here for no other reason. Firstly, the Dragon Palace will build a branch palace in the ocean of the life stars in the entire boundless galaxy!"

"Secondly, from today onwards, all aquatic creatures will be able to break through the Dragon Gate. Those who break into the Dragon Palace will become disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace will not be involved in the rest of the matters in the boundless galaxy. Please do not harm the heavens!"

Wang Xian's voice reverberated in everyone's mind!

He didn't say too many things. The Dragon Palace was only in charge of the ocean in the boundless galaxy. The Dragon Palace couldn't do anything else!

Currently, the Dragon Palace only had more than 50,000 disciples and 700 to 800 life planets in the boundless galaxy. In comparison, the Dragon Palace had too few people!

It was already considered good enough to be able to control the ocean completely!

Even if the Dragon Palace recruited a large number of members in the future, the number would only be more than 100,000 at most!

Of course, there was a prerequisite. The Devouring Dragon in Ao Crab's body was not included!

The Devouring Dragon in Ao Crab's body had now reached more than a million!

However, this devouring dragon could not be compared to the ordinary members of the Dragon Palace!

Next, the major forces offered congratulatory gifts to the Dragon King, the Dragon Palace, and so on!

Every force that could enter this place had a few godly state experts. The items that they brought out were at least at the godly state level!

The gifts that were sent over by so many forces were also extremely huge resources!

They were even comparable to the treasure trove of an eternal-level force!

All kinds of treasures were sent over!

At the last moment, even the divine leaf master sent a gift!

It was a withered sapling. When Wang Xian looked at the sapling, he could feel the ancestral tree trembling slightly!

This made his eyes light up. However, Wang Xian did not look at it on the spot!

The entire huge banquet lasted for about five hours. The Dragon Palace had prepared some food!

More than 100 million people were dining together. Such a scene was extremely grand!

Since the end of the banquet, it was time for countless aquatic creatures to celebrate!

Countless aquatic creatures rushed toward the Dragon Gate crazily!

They jumped through the Dragon Gate and turned into dragons!

As long as they could enter the dragon palace and become disciples of the Dragon Palace, they would become existences that no one dared to provoke in the endless star field!

In the next few days, thousands of new members of the Dragon Palace joined every day!

The Dragon Palace also began to cultivate the aquatic creatures that joined!

Currently, the number of berserk dragon species in the dragon palace had reached a few hundred, and there were also fifty to sixty thorned dragon species!

The strength of the Dragon Palace was improving rapidly every day!

The Windbreaker Tree: ? ? ?

"Windbreaker Tree?"

In the Dragon King's Hall of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian stood in front of the ancestral tree and looked at the branch of the Windbreaker tree. His eyes were sparkling!

This branch was given to him by the divine leaf god that day!

This branch was one of the three branches that the divine leaf God had obtained when he was given a great opportunity!

One of the branches was almost withered while the other branch of the eternal divine tree was nurtured and placed in his eternal divine kingdom!

The last one was this windbreaker tree!

According to the Divine Leaf God, this windbreaker tree was placed at the center.

"Its level is comparable to the soul-returning wood, endless wood. Other than increasing the cultivation speed of the members of the wind attribute Dragon Palace by four times, it doesn't seem to be of much use at the moment!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

Now, he had the endless wood, the soul-returning wood, the servile tree, and the Nirvana Lightning Tree. Each of these trees possessed powerful abilities!

Especially the soul-returning wood!

"My young friend, you have almost settled your matters here. When are you leaving?"

"This area is still too remote. The spiritual energy is still considered average, but it's a little difficult to comprehend the laws. There are also fewer resources!"

"With your talent, if you stay here for one more day, you will be wasting one day of your life!"

At this moment, the Phantom of the God of Heaven's formation appeared before Wang Xian and spoke to him!

"Go to that bright land?"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling!

"That's right. I'll find a backer for you when you get there so that you can increase your strength quickly!"

"Also, didn't your little girlfriend also enter that place? It's a good time to go and look for her!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation said directly!

"Yes, we have to go, but we have to wait!"

Wang Xian looked hesitant!

Now that the Dragon Palace was the king of the boundless galaxy, and the Dragon Palace controlled most of the resources, the members of the Dragon Palace would improve very quickly in the future!

However, it would be much more difficult to advance to the level of the Eternal Divine Lord!

In fact, the current resources were no longer sufficient to support the members of the Dragon Palace to reach the level of the Eternal Divine Lord!

Regardless of whether it was the resources of the boundless galaxy that had reached its limit or the matter of the beautiful green moon, Wang Xian had to go to that dazzling place!

However, he wasn't planning to go there for the next two years. He had to accompany a group of girls and be fully prepared!

"Since young friend wants to wait, let's Wait a little longer. During this period of time, you can learn the rest of the formations!"

It was obvious that the god of formation wanted Wang Xian to inherit his dao of formations!

Even if Wang Xian wanted to be his disciple!

He also knew that Wang Xian's inheritance wasn't something that his dao of formations could compare to!

Unless he was a great wizard, he would only be qualified to take Wang Xian as his disciple!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Although the art of formations was of little value to Wang Xian in terms of combat, it was very good in terms of support!

Especially when it came to searching for people and targeting enemies!

In the following period of time, Wang Xian accompanied a group of girls every day. When he was free, he would follow the god of formation to cultivate formations!

The group of girls also knew that Wang Xian might be leaving after a period of time. They also cherished the time when he was around!

Time passed slowly. A year or two years passed in the blink of an eye for them!

Three years later, Wang Xian brought the group of girls back to the Dragon Palace from the outside!

During these three years, they toured more than half of the boundless star field and toured more than half of the mountains and rivers of the boundless star field!

During the three years of free time, Wang Xian had also simulated the laws of formations and established the laws!

Although he had mastered quite a lot of the laws of formations, with his strength, he could only set up a level one formation of a Master God!

His combat strength could at most fight against a Master God who had mastered two laws!

Overall, his dao of formations was still inferior to his own strength!

After all, even a great wizard could only fight against a peak divine dragon!

Back in the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace within a radius of thousands of kilometers was much more lively than before!

Now, the members of the Dragon Palace had reached about 150,000!

In three years, the Dragon Palace had increased by 100,000, and the number of members of the Dragon Palace was still increasing! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After all, all the water tribes in the endless star field wanted to join the Dragon Palace. The number of water tribes was more than a trillion?

Each member of the Dragon Palace was one in a hundred million, or even one in a billion!

The strength of the Dragon Palace had improved a lot in the past few years!

With the resources that the Dragon Palace controlled, more than ten godly state experts could be born every day!

The number of members who had lit the godly fire had exceeded 5,000!