Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2233: 2233 divine emperor battlefield

There were 5,000 members of the Dragon Palace who had ignited the divine fire. There were also 10,000 peak-stage demigod experts!

All in all, it was equivalent to 15,000 divine realm experts. This number was absolutely invincible in the entire endless star field!

Even if all the other gods were added together, there were not so many!

However, this power was very weak in the eyes of the Divine Emperor Tian Chen!

In his words, the divine realm was a stage that belonged to the Heaven's chosen divine sons!

Those who were less than 500 years old in the resplendent land were collectively known as youths!

Those who were less than 2,000 years old were collectively known as youths!

There, many youths had already stepped into the divine realm. As for those heaven's chosen divine sons, they had already ignited seven or eight wisps, or even nine wisps of divine fire when they were young!

There were even some who had reached the peak of the godly state when they were young!

And in the boundless galaxy, it was undoubtedly a pipe dream to reach seven or eight wisps of godly fire in two thousand years!

Xiao ran had reached such strength at such a young age because he relied on Wang Xian. He had consumed the eternal embryo fruit and the eternal embryo fruit. These two fruits belonged to the pinnacle of the universe!

Chen Feiyang was able to reach the godly master realm at such a young age because he was too lucky to obtain the inheritance of two godly masters consecutively!

For a young man to have the strength of a God level, one could imagine how terrifying that place was!

A powerful force, an army of tens of millions of warriors, all of them were at the God level!

The Eternal God Lord might only be a Commander, only an undying god King could be a general!

A land of cultivation!

And according to Tian Chen God Emperor, and the inheritance of the Dragon God, the true glorious land, the center of the universe with the richest resources!

There, it was as glorious as the primeval era!

The universe nurtured the most precious treasures of heaven and earth, and all races competed for it!

Giants could chase the sun, draw a bow and shoot the sun, and Uproot Mountains and rivers!

Even the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation did not set foot in such a glorious place!

"Dragon King!"

Just as Wang Xian was deep in thought, Prime Minister Gui walked in and greeted him respectfully!

"HMM, the dragon palace will have to trouble you for the next period of time!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Don't worry, Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head heavily!

"I will make a trip out tomorrow. I don't know when I will be back for the time being!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at the girls around him!

"We have been playing for three years. On the day you leave, we will also be in closed-door cultivation!"

The girls said to him!

"Let's go. Let's have a good rest tonight!"

Wang Xian said to them with a smile!

The group of girls rolled their eyes at him!

The next morning, Wang Xian came directly to the side of the energy tide through the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace!

Behind him, the group of girls, Hua Cai'er, master Chen Feiyang, and the rest followed him!

"Dragon King, this is the treasure-seeking ant that you left behind with us!"

An expert from the eternal divine leaf walked over and handed the treasure-seeking ant to him!

"HMM, I almost forgot about this little guy!"

Wang Xian smiled and reached out to take it!

"Let's go back. When my cultivation base reaches the level of the eternal divine master, I will be able to return to the Dragon Palace directly!"

He turned around to look at the people behind him and said with a smile!

"Little Xian, be careful!"

The group of girls said to him with concern!

"Don't Worry!"

Wang Xian nodded his head heavily!

"Xiao Xian, you must bring Qing Yue and Lingxiu back!"

"Leave it to me!"

Wang Xian nodded his head at them. Then, he waved his hand and looked at the energy tide black hole in front of him!

"Heaven Formation, are you sure that the incipient saint wings can ignore the violent energy inside?"

He walked to the entrance of the energy tide black hole and transmitted his voice to the divine emperor of Sky Formation behind him!

"Don't worry. I obtained this incipient saint wings by accident. It's very mysterious. Even when I was at my peak, I couldn't destroy it at all!"

"However, I haven't been able to find out what abilities it has. Its level is definitely higher than the divine emperor of Void!"

The sky array god Emperor replied!

Buzz

Wang Xian nodded his head. His body shook and the incipient Saint Wings appeared on his back!

He moved his body and stepped into the black hole of the energy tide!

The enormous energy tide contained a terrifying power. A God master who had comprehended a law had to unleash his full strength in order to withstand this terrifying energy!

However, the incipient saint wings completely ignored this energy and flew forward at a terrifying speed!

This black hole was a little strange. It didn't appear in front of him the moment he stepped into it!

Clearly, the distance between the black hole was a little long. Wang Xian flew in the pitch-black black hole for a few hours without seeing the end!

The further he went in, the more violent the energy became!

"The distance between this black hole is so long. How did this black hole form?"

Wang Xian asked the God of Heaven's formation with some doubts!

"The heaven nibbling black hole is an extremely terrifying formation. I died in this formation!"

The deep voice entered Wang Xian's ears, causing him to be slightly stunned!

"The heaven nibbling formation. The moment the formation is activated, tens of thousands of black holes will appear instantly. With the power of the black holes, everything in the formation will be torn apart!"

The God of Heaven's formation's voice continued to enter his ears!

"Your enemy is very strong in that bright land?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked!

"One of the top few!"

The god of formation said plainly, "But my young friend, don't worry. I have already fallen. No one will think that I'm Still Alive!"

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded. Looking at the black hole in the void in front of him, he continued to accelerate!

"HMM? Are We There Yet?"

After flying for more than 30 times and disappearing, a ray of light appeared in front of him!

"Be careful. That battle back then affected tens of billions of kilometers. The entire space has turned into an energy turbulence!"

"This turbulence might cause the immortal king to fall. Listen to my command!"

At this moment, the voice of the God of Heaven's formation suddenly entered Wang Xian's mind!

He nodded his head with a solemn expression!

Buzz

Light appeared, but this kind of light was very strange!

Red, green, blue, and green lights were reflected in his eyes!

In the surroundings, energy was wreaking havoc. A large number of stars and meteorites were wreaking havoc in the space!

Wang Xian took a glance at his surroundings. His eyes were filled with shock!

"Fly to the right!"

The God of Heaven's formation immediately commanded!

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. He flew straight to the right!

In the surroundings, Wang Xian could see many weapons floating in the air!

There were also skeletons that were emitting light. The energy contained in these skeletons made Wang Xian's heart palpitate!

Occasionally, he could see weapons floating in the air. Some were good and some were bad!

All of them were divine weapons!

"Did you kill all these corpses?"

Wang Xian took a glance at them. He could see many of these corpses that contained powerful energy. It was hard to imagine how many of them there were in the entire area!

If these corpses were collected, they could easily be forged into powerful divine weapons!

"Hahaha, although they have ambushed the celestial emperor of Tiancheng, they will have to pay a heavy price if they want to kill me!"

Proud voice from Tianchen God Emperor's mouth!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com