Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2234: 2234 in the divine emperor battlefield

"Haha, that battle lasted for a whole year. The number of immortal godly monarchs who died in my hands reached more than 100,000. The number of godly master level powerhouses was in the millions, and there were countless godly stage powerhouses!"

"If they knew that I'm not dead yet and that they encountered an existence like you, they would definitely die of anger. Haha!"

An extremely carefree voice came from the god of formation's mouth!

However, when Wang Xian heard his words, he was shocked!

"There are more than a hundred thousand immortal kings and a few million Eternal God Lords?"

Wang Xian asked in surprise!

"That's right, my friend. There's No Name in the starry sky ahead because it's connected by several galaxies!"

"If the boundless galaxy is placed here, it can only be said to be one-hundredth of the size of a complete galaxy. And here, there are seven galaxies!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation said indifferently!

"So Big? Doesn't that mean that even the eternal God would need one to two months to cross a Galaxy?"

Wang Xian said in surprise!

"It would take one to two months to achieve teleportation in diameter. The Eternal God wouldn't dare to teleport recklessly in this region. There are many dangerous and unknown places!"

"There are some places that the divine emperor wouldn't dare to enter. There are also some places that even the immortal king would be afraid to enter!"

"Let me put it this way. There is a huge planet in the galaxy that is as big as the entire boundless galaxy!"

The god Emperor of Tiancheng said!

"A planet that is as big as the boundless galaxy?"

Wang Xian was extremely shocked. Wouldn't that mean that a city on this planet would take a god-level powerhouse ten days to half a month to fly out of the city?

This was simply... terrifying!

"Humans are not the masters of the Universe!"

At this moment, the God of Heaven's formation suddenly said another sentence!

"Humans are not the masters of the Universe!"

Wang Xian agreed with this sentence!

In comparison, in the entire universe, humans could only be considered as a race with a relatively large number!

Among the myriad of races in the universe, humans could only be ranked in the top 20!

If it wasn't for the fact that humans were good at learning and using weapons, humans wouldn't even be ranked in the top 20!

"It's the same in this bright land. The Space Beasts, demons, universe desolate beasts, and robots can all compete with humans!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven Array continued his introduction!

"Robots?"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a look of astonishment!

"That's right, they are robots. Robots created by humans. After they possess intelligence, they will form a brand new race of Life!"

"In this bright land, there is a race of robots. They are the masters and can fight against the god-emperor powerhouses. They are extremely powerful. Their learning ability is also very terrifying!"

"All kinds of high-tech weapons can easily destroy planets!"

The god-emperor of Heaven's formation said slowly!

Wang Xian was slightly moved when he heard his words!

"There is an energy storm ahead. Fly to the left immediately. Quick!"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation's reminder rang out. Wang Xian's body moved and he flew to the left immediately!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

After avoiding the terrifying energy storm, Wang Xian swept his gaze across and discovered that a star that was the size of the moon was instantly annihilated. All that was left was a speck of dust!

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly!

Under such circumstances, it was as though he had been staying in the beginner's village all this while. When he suddenly came to the main city, he was surrounded by peerless experts!

This was too difficult!

"Tian Chen, where are we going now?"

Wang Xian immediately asked him.

"It's only a hundred years since my death. Let's go to a nearby planet. I'll find you a backer there!"

"Although the other party only has the strength of an immortal king, it should be enough!"

Tian Chen immediately replied!

"After we get out, I will use the formation to look for Qing Yue and Lingxiu!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. Suddenly, he saw a meteorite crashing towards him!

His body moved and he quickly dodged to the side!

"Peng!"

The energy released by the meteorite was abnormally terrifying, causing Wang Xian's expression to change slightly!

"Peng!"

He stretched out his arm and turned it into a dragon claw that tore upwards!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The terrifying force caused him to retreat hundreds of thousands of meters. The clothes on his body were torn apart!

Wang Xian moved his body and used energy to condense a set of clothes. He exhaled slightly! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Be careful. This piece of energy is completely chaotic due to that huge battle. It will take at least ten days for it to fly out of Here!"

The god of formation reminded him!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and braced himself!

Thirteen days later, at the edge of the famous battlefield of the Emperor's destruction in the Tianhai Galaxy, an extremely pathetic figure flew out!

His clothes were tattered, and there were a few scars on his arms!

Even his face had two scars!

His clothes were burned by the true samadhi fire, and the scars on his face were caused by the four layers of sword laws!

If it wasn't for the Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation commanding him, he might not have been able to fly out for more than ten days!

"Phew, this place is really dangerous!"

Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief!

"There are still many formations that I set up in this place that have yet to be activated. The Divine Emperor wouldn't dare to venture out recklessly!"

"If you didn't know that your girlfriend is still alive, I would have thought that 99% of you had already perished!"

The God of Heaven's formation said!

"I want to search for the location of Qing Yue and the rest!"

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. He immediately took out Qing Yue and Ling Xiu's hair and began to set up an array!

"Array formation, blood connection!"

Wang Xian immediately set up an array formation. However, what made his expression ugly was that the blood connection could not sense their location!

"If the blood connection can not be sensed, there are only two possibilities. The distance is too far and your strength is too weak!"

"It's better for you to improve your strength first. If you can reach the realm of the void God Emperor, it won't be difficult to find two people!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation said to Wang Xian!

"En!"

Wang Xian nodded his head with a bad expression!

It had been more than four years and the entire resplendent land was so big. If he wanted to find it as soon as possible, he had to improve his strength as soon as possible!

"Do you think the backer you found for me is Reliable?"

Wang Xian asked!

"Don't worry. I was just pointing at a little fellow in the past. Although his talent is a little lacking, there's no need to mention his character!"

"I won't reveal any information about my existence for the time being. You just have to give him this piece of paper!"

A piece of paper floated in front of Wang Xian!

Wang Xian reached out and took it. There were no words on the paper. Instead, there was a voice message that could be heard when he opened it!

"Let's go. I'll guide you!"

The god of formation said!

Wang Xian's body moved and he immediately flew forward!

This was a vast void. He flew forward and soon, he saw many huge stars!

Some stars were burning with huge flames. It was extremely terrifying!

Some stars had a terrifying suction force that made people tremble!

This is the bright land!