Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2235: 2235 Xuan Tianzi’s thoughts

The Tianhai Galaxy was one of the seven galaxies in the resplendent land!

The natural selection continent was an incomparably vast continent!

This was not a planet, but a continent that was perfectly round!

Wang Xian looked at the continent in front of him and felt extremely tiny!

This kind of continent was similar to the continent plates in the boundless galaxy that had a circumference of tens of millions of kilometers!

It was not enough for those continental plates. Compared to the one in front of him, it looked extremely tiny!

Wang Xian could see the thickness of the continental plates. He did not know how many kilometers thick they were. Even with his current strength, he could not see the bottom at a glance!

The entire continent was filled with the aura of desolation!

However, the continent in front of him was filled with a sense of technology. Cars and airplanes shuttled between the ground and the air. It was filled with sci-fi!

However, in this sci-fi, trees that were 10,000 meters tall rose up from the ground. Their branches and leaves were lush. There were some huge birds and beasts flying in the sky. It looked like it was filled with fantasy!

"This is the natural selection continent. It is a continent with no night. It has always been under the illumination of the Sun!"

"In the past, the development of technology was the main focus of the natural selection continent. After the development of technology reached a bottleneck, it entered an era of cultivation!"

Emperor Tiancheng's voice entered Wang Xian's mind. He was obviously very familiar with the planet in front of him!

"This continent is really strange. How High is the level of technology here?"

Wang Xian looked around with curiosity!

"It can eliminate existences at the level of the Eternal God Lord, but it is impossible to surpass the level of the eternal God Lord. There are more than a dozen immortal godly monarchs on this continent!"

"This place is completely different from the boundless galaxy. be it technology, arrays, or cultivation, they have already formed a system. There are a few powerful organizations!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"From now on, it will be much more convenient for you to join these organizations!"

The Divine Emperor of Heaven Array introduced to him!

"Continue flying forward!"

Following that, he continued to give orders!

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew straight towards the Tianze continent!

As soon as he reached the main road, Wang Xian sensed a feeling of being monitored!

"It's the heaven's eye, the most advanced technology in the Tianze continent. By scanning with the heaven's eye, it can detect if you are a wanted criminal!"

The God of Heaven's formation transmitted his voice!

"Eh? Heaven's Eye?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. He looked a little surprised!

"In the major planets of the seven galaxies, most of the technology and formations are connected. Once some of the most vicious criminals are wanted, they can be found on other planets!"

"Of course, there are also some planets that do not prohibit these people from entering. These planets often involve darkness!"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation introduced!

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He had a vague idea of this bright land!

In the bright land, humans were not the dominant force. Therefore, humans were more united!

The major planets were connected together like an internet. Any criminals who entered could be seen directly!

This was very beneficial to a planet, a continent, and a faction. Normally, no one would reject it!

"Furthermore, humans are not the dominant force in this bright land. As humans are facing a threat, the major planets can teleport. Therefore, the security of the various places is better!"

"Although this starry sky is still under the control of the major forces, there will basically be no indiscriminate killing of innocent people, even the disciples of the major forces!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the sky and continued to fly. The Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation continued to explain to him!

"Why?"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian was slightly stunned!

"Because, once the ruler of a force does things unfairly and oppresses others, it will result in the loss of population!"

"In a place like this where one can teleport to a planet, when ordinary people see such a situation, they will choose to go somewhere else!"

"The loss of population means the loss of the strong. It will be extremely difficult to fight against other powerful existences. As time goes on, they will either perish or dissipate!"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation explained the rules of this resplendent place to Wang Xian!

The strong could not kill the innocent. On the premise that the weak could not provoke them!

The various major factions would not bully others based on their power. They would even do so in order to ensure the morale of the people in their respective regions. It would be fair and just!

This was a pretty good environment for competition!

"Because humans are not the rulers of this region, the major factions do not dare to do as they please. This environment is pretty good!"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

There was no control in the sky. The people flying around were very fast. Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and realized that he could see the god-level powerhouses!

Among the thousand people, there was probably one powerhouse who had ignited the divine fire!

However, there were not many god-level powerhouses. Wang Xian had only seen one after flying for more than two hours!

God-level powerhouses were very ordinary. A god-level powerhouse could be called a powerhouse!

An immortal god King could oversee a region and suppress a planet!

The planet here was much bigger than the boundless galaxy. One planet was equivalent to 500 to 600 life planets in the boundless galaxy!

The difference was huge!

"We are here, Xuan Heaven Domain!"

After flying for more than ten hours, the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation's notification sounded!

Wang Xian looked ahead!

In the middle of a huge canyon, there was an entrance. The entrance was more than a hundred kilometers wide, and there were people and cars coming in and out!

In the sky above the canyon, there was a huge arched door with the words "Xuan Tian territory"written on it!

"Go to the Xuan Tian Academy in the Xuan Tian Territory!"

The Celestial Emperor of formation instructed him directly!

Wang Xian nodded and entered immediately!

The entire Xuan Heaven Domain looked extremely vast. Waves of majestic energy came from within!

In the surroundings, Wang Xian saw numerous gigantic divine trees!

These divine trees possessed intelligence. Some of them even had the appearance of a human!

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and was slightly shocked!

Vast, vast!

Compared to the boundless star field, there was a huge difference!

Even the Dragon Palace was far from it!

After flying for another seven to eight hours, Wang Xian saw an incomparably huge academy!

Ancient buildings, vast ancient pagodas, and majestic energy!

As well as those laws that made one's heart tremble!

"Non-xuan Tian Academy disciples are prohibited from entering!"

When Wang Xian stepped into the entrance of Xuan Tian Academy, a middle-aged man at the guard's office stared at him and said indifferently!

"I'm here to look for senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man and said directly!

"Xuan Tian..."

The middle-aged man was slightly stunned. Then, his expression turned cold as he sized up the man from head to toe!

"It's not easy to meet our dean. It's also not easy to meet anyone. Let's Go!"

He said directly!

Meet their dean? Who was their dean? An undying god King level existence, the strongest in the entire dark sky domain, one of the pinnacle experts of the Tian Ze continent!

How could anyone meet him?

Those who were qualified to meet their Dean wouldn't do it this way!