Chapter 2236: Xuan Tianzi was deep in thought

He was looking at the attire of the young man in front of him!

There were two sword marks on his face and burn marks on his arms. Although his clothes were neat and tidy, he still looked a little embarrassed!

"This..."

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw that he couldn't even enter the door.

"Heaven Formation, what should we do now? We can't even enter the door!"

Wang Xian was a little speechless as he transmitted his voice to the god of sky array.

Fortunately, the middle-aged man who was guarding the door had a better quality. He didn't look down on others and directly ordered him to scram! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Of course, this action of the middle-aged man might also save Wang Xian from having to show off and slap his face!

"Throw away the spiritual paper. That kid will be here soon!"

The god of Sky Array said indifferently!

As the god of Void who had lived for tens of millions, he could still consider such a small matter!

Wang Xian nodded his head. He took out the spiritual paper and threw it lightly in front of him!

The spiritual paper flew directly into the mysterious Sky Academy!

"Oh? What are you doing?"

The middle-aged man's expression changed. He watched as the spiritual paper waved its arm and a wave of spiritual energy surged towards the spiritual paper!

However, the spiritual paper trembled slightly and disappeared!

"Damn it!"

The middle-aged man's pupils contracted slightly. With a wave of his arm, a formation compass appeared in front of him instantly!

The formation compass revolved and with a wave of the middle-aged man's arm, a ring of fire trapped Wang Xian instantly!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned as he looked at the ring of fire around him!

"Come in!"

The old man waved his arm and pulled him into a room at the side!

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and didn't resist at all!

"Old Tang, what happened?"

"What did you put the spiritual paper for? Tell me honestly!"

After entering the room, the middle-aged man stared at him coldly. A few guards at the side immediately looked at him in puzzlement!

"I'll inform Senior Tian Xuanzi. He will be here soon!"

Wang Xian said faintly!

"Inform our principal to come over? Kid, I think you have a screw loose!"

A middle-aged man raised his head slightly and sized up Wang Xian from head to toe!

"It'll only take a few minutes. I can't escape anyway!"

Wang Xian shrugged his shoulders and stood there without moving. His gaze swept across the few of them!

Among the few godly state experts, one of them was an elder who had reached the realm of the Eternal God Lord!

One of them was guarding the entrance of the Academy and was at the level of the Eternal God Lord. This was rather unbelievable!

"Oh?"

When the people around saw Wang Xian's calm expression, they were slightly stunned!

"Lock him up here first!"

The old man who was at the level of the god Lord said faintly. There was some doubt in his eyes!

"Dean, this time around, more than twenty of our teachers and students have been completely annihilated. Those sea monsters in the underground sea are too cunning!"

"Now that the new semester is starting, we will have to reassign some teachers!"

At this moment, at the top of a tall tower in Xuantian Academy, a few old men stood in front of a white-bearded old man and reported with a grim expression on their faces!

The white-bearded old man frowned slightly!

"Weng!"

At this moment, a piece of spiritual paper suddenly appeared in front of him. The white-bearded old man was slightly stunned and full of astonishment!

With a wave of his arm, the spiritual paper landed in his hand!

"Boom!"

In the next moment, the white-bearded old man suddenly stood up. His face was filled with excitement and shock!

"All of You Retreat First!"

As soon as he finished speaking, his figure instantly disappeared!

"Oh?"

The few old men in the room were slightly stunned. They looked at each other and walked out with puzzlement!

"Buzz!"

At the same time, a figure appeared at the entrance guard of the Xuantian Academy!

When Wang Xian saw the old man who suddenly appeared, his pupils constricted slightly.

Very soon, he guessed the identity of the old man!

"HMM? Greetings to the Dean!"

At the entrance guard, the few of them saw the appearance of the old man and their faces were filled with shock. They immediately bowed respectfully!

They glanced at Wang Xian who was beside them. Their eyes were filled with disbelief!

"Senior Tian Xuanzi?"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and cupped his hands!

"Let's go, little brother. Let's go to my place!"

The white-bearded old man was Tian Xuanzi. With a wave of his arm, he enveloped Wang Xian!

The two of them disappeared instantly!

All that was left was the shocked expressions of the guards in the security room!

That Kid really knew their principal!

In just a split second, Wang Xian sensed the drastic changes in the surroundings. He was already standing at the top of a mountain peak, surrounded by clouds!

There were also mountain peaks around him. All of the mountain peaks contained majestic energy as if they were forming a huge formation!

The spiritual energy here was extremely dense and was even higher than the Dragon Palace!

"Phew, little brother, I didn't expect you to be an old friend of senior celestial thearch of Heaven's formation. Since senior celestial thearch of Heaven's formation asked me to take care of you, you can live peacefully in My Xuan Heaven Domain in the future!"

Xuan Tianzi's eyes flickered as he stared at Wang Xian. He took a deep breath!

"Thank you, Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian was slightly silent. He nodded his head and thanked him!

"Don't worry. Although I don't know why Senior Tianchen handed you over to me, I owe you a debt of gratitude. This debt of gratitude is greater than the heavens. It's a pity that senior Tianchen..."

Xuan tianzi shook his head slightly and looked towards the east!

"Forget it. It's better if you don't know some things. I will teach you well in the future and arrange a place for you to stay. Oh right, what kind of formations are you cultivating?"

Xuan Tianzi hesitated for a moment and asked Wang Xian!

"Yes, it's related!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"What's your cultivation level now?"

Xuan Tianzi looked at him and asked!

"I've just been able to establish laws, at the level of a god Lord!"

Wang Xian replied!

"Oh? You've already been able to establish laws?"

A hint of shock flashed across Xuan Tianzi's eyes. He sized up Wang Xian from head to toe and sensed his aura!

"Judging from his vitality, he's very young and belongs to the stage of youth. The Way of formations in the youth stage has already reached the level of a god Lord. It's unbelievable!"

"Senior said that this is the son of his deceased friend. To be able to be related to senior, his talent is absolutely terrifying!"

"Also, before senior died, he might have left behind his inheritance. Could it be..."

All of a sudden, a powerful luster shot out from his eyes, and his body trembled!

"Even if he didn't obtain the inheritance and only obtained a tiny bit of it, it would still be a treasure that would drive all array formation masters crazy if placed outside. This youth definitely has boundless potential in the future!"

Xuan Tianzi's thoughts were active.

"Little brother, are you willing to take me as your master?"

After hesitating for a moment, Xuan Tianzi's eyes flickered as he looked at Wang Xian!

"I don't want to take anyone as my master!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

He didn't even agree when the celestial emperor of Tiancheng wanted to take him as his disciple, let alone Xuan Tianzi!

Although Xuan Tianzi's strength was extremely terrifying, he couldn't teach him anything!

Xuan Tianzi didn't seem to be too surprised by Wang Xian's response!

"Sigh, since that's the case, let's forget about it. Then, according to the instructions of the Divine Emperor of Heaven's formation, little brother, you will marry into our Xuan Tian territory in the future!"

"Don't worry, I will find you a girl that you are satisfied with. There are many goddesses in our Xuan Tian territory. There will definitely be someone that you are satisfied with!"

"I will watch you grow up, get married, and have children. I will not disappoint senior Tiancheng god-emperor!"

He suddenly said slowly, his voice full of emotion!

His words stunned Wang Xian!