Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2237: 2237 Xuan Tianzi’s thoughts

Marry into the family?

When Wang Xian heard Xuan Tianzi's words, he was stunned when he saw the old man staring at him with a glowing face!

He was stunned!

"Tiancheng, you old man, you told him to let me marry into their Xuan Heaven Domain? You told him to watch me get married and have children?"

Wang Xian's face turned dark as he transmitted his voice to Xuan Tianzi!

"No, I told him to take care of you after you became an old friend of mine!"

The God of Tian Chen was also a little stunned. Soon after, he became speechless!

"Maybe this kid sees that you have good talent and is related to me. That's why he wants to keep you in their mysterious Sky Territory!"

"Yeah, I used to see this kid's honest face. I didn't expect him to be so cunning. Looks like he's getting smarter and smarter!"

"However, my young friend, you have benefited from me this time. No matter what, this old fellow is still a godly king. Among his descendants, there will always be beautiful women. When that time comes, won't you be able to pick any beautiful women you want?"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation said with a smile on his face!

F * ck!

Wang Xian was speechless. He turned around and looked at Xuan Tianzi!

"Don't be in a hurry to reject him. You are now working for this old fellow. In the future, you will have to let him take care of you. I haven't seen this old fellow for more than ten thousand years!"

"It's not a big deal to betray yourself!"

The Tiancheng god Emperor seemed to be very happy when he saw Wang Xian being defeated. He transmitted his voice to him!

"This, Senior Xuan Tianzi, I am still young. Let's not talk about other things!"

Wang Xian replied to Xuan Tianzi with a dark face!

"Haha, there's No Hurry. Let's go. I will bring you to a place to stay!"

Xuan Tianzi said as he waved his arm. The two of them instantly appeared on another mountain peak!

This mountain peak was not too far away from the previous one. On top of the mountain peak, there was a string peak!

The entire mountain peak contained a huge amount of spiritual energy. It was one of the better mountain peaks in the vicinity!

"Little brother, you can stay here. This is the mountain peak that belonged to a kid of mine back then. However, due to an accident..."

"Oh, I forgot to ask Little Brother Your Name!"

The old man looked around with a nostalgic look. Then, he smiled and looked at Wang Xian!

"Wang Xian, Ren Shanxian!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Your name is not bad. I'll Call You Little Xian from now on. This will be your home from now on. If you need anything, just look for me. I'll get someone to take care of your daily life later!"

"Also, it's very difficult to cultivate in the path of formations. If you need anything, you can look for me. I don't know what you lack either. I'll give you some resources!"

As Xuan Tianzi spoke, he waved his arm. Numerous divine pills with law flowing on them floated around Wang Xian!

There were dozens of eternal divine pills. Their level was around level two and level three of the Eternal Divine Lord. They were also the most suitable for Wang Xian's current strength!

"Thank you, Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A trace of gratitude appeared on his face as he said solemnly!

"Hehe, it's just some small elixirs. If you need them in the future, come and look for me directly!"

Xuan tianzi waved his hand and looked around. He continued, "Look around first. I'll get someone to call you later. We'll be nagging!"

"Alright, Thank You, Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian nodded his head in gratitude!

"Haha, no need to thank me. We'll be a family from now on!"

Xuan Tianzi said cheerfully. He waved his hand and left immediately!

Wang Xian's face turned black when he heard his words!

F * ck, a family!

What is this old man trying to do to me? !

"However, this Xuan Tianzi is indeed not bad!"

Wang Xian muttered as he looked at the eternal lord-level elixirs in front of him!

If the people from the Xuan Heaven Region knew that a powerful man could treat him in such a manner, they would be extremely envious!

They would even feel that it was unbelievable!

"These dozens of elixirs should be able to ignite one or even two wisps of divine fire again!"

Wang Xian's heart was burning!

"Although that old fellow has some ulterior motives, it's still not bad. Back then, he knelt in front of my hall for five years and I didn't take him in as my disciple! Sigh!"

The voice of the God of Heaven's formation rang in Wang Xian's ears. Finally, he let out a sigh as he thought of his disciple who betrayed him back then!

Wang Xian ignored the self-pity of the God of Heaven's formation. He floated at the top of the mountain peak and strolled around the entire mountain peak!

This string peak was indeed extremely luxurious. There was also an eternal divine grass in the room on the mountain peak that was emitting divine light!

Buzz

After scanning his surroundings, Wang Xian immediately stared at the elixir in front of him. With a wave of his arm, he swallowed it directly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, waves of majestic energy transformed into the Dragon Qi in his body!

Wang Xian had only ignited six wisps of divine fire. After consuming the elixir of the eternal divine lord level, the Dragon Qi that was converted from the six wisps of divine fire was extremely terrifying!

The majestic energy of his energy surged as the aura on his body continued to rise!

As he did not transform into the body of a divine dragon, the Phantom image of a seven-colored divine dragon appeared around him!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for increasing your level. You have lit up seven wisps of Divine Fire!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for increasing your level. You have lit up eight wisps of divine fire!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: eight Wisps of Divine Fire (fifth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Divine Crystal: 17,735.4 billion/1,000 billion

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 6.

Dragon Palace members: 153633

"Phew, two levels in a row!"

Wang Xian opened his eyes and revealed an excited expression!

Indeed, it was different to have someone protecting him. With eight wisps of divine fire, he was able to fight against or even kill the eternal god Lord who had comprehended four laws!

"This speed of improvement, is this the inheritance of the Divine Dragon? is a peak existence that terrifying?"

The God of Heaven's formation muttered as he sensed Wang Xian's improvement!

His strength was already very strong. According to what he knew, there were only two realms above him. However, he was still a little shocked when faced with Wang Xian's rapid improvement!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and set up a blood-linked formation. After failing to sense Qing Yue and Lingxiu, he shook his head helplessly!

"With your improvement in strength this time, you should be able to master more formations. You can learn them in the next few days!"

The God of Heaven's formation transmitted his voice to Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

He nodded his head.

"Young master Wang, our master is calling you over for a meal!"

At this moment, an old woman's voice came from outside. Wang Xian walked out and nodded his head!

"Young master Wang, I will take care of your daily life in the future. If you have anything to tell me, you can tell me!"

The old lady said with a smile!

"Alright, it will be troublesome in the future!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and walked towards the main peak under the guidance of the old lady!