Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2238: In the 2238 greater world

"My young friend Wang Xian, give this spiritual paper to that old fellow later. Don't say too much. Just tell him that it was given to him after he took you in!"

Following behind the old lady, the God of Heaven's formation transmitted his voice to Wang Xian. A spiritual paper appeared in front of him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and didn't ask anything!

"Come, Little Xian, have a seat!"

Upon entering the main peak where Xuan Tianzi was, Wang Xian greeted him warmly when he saw him entering!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. "Thank you for taking care of me, Senior!"

"Haha, I've already said that there's no need to be so polite!"

Xuan tianzi shook his head and gestured at Wang Xian!

Wang Xian looked at the food on the table. All of them were valuable items and the ingredients were at the godly state level!

He smacked his lips and a hint of surprise flashed across his eyes!

"Try it. I don't usually eat like this. Hehe, give me a glass of wine. This is a 100,000-year-old wine!"

Xuan Tianzi greeted him warmly!

Wang Xian nodded and greeted him politely!

Xuan Tianzi didn't have any special purpose. He was just introducing some information about the mysterious sky territory to him!

The mysterious sky territory was one of the four major forces in the Tianze continent. It occupied one-fifth of the Tianze continent!

As for how big it was, Wang Xian did a rough calculation. It was equivalent to the area of 1,000 previous earths!

That's right, it was 1,000. That was how terrifying it was!

A city in the mysterious sky territory was equivalent to the size of a few earths!

After three rounds of drinking, most of the time, Xuan Tianzi was the one talking. He was telling him how awesome the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation was back then! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

How did he obtain the guidance of the Tiancheng Celestial Emperor!

However, it was obvious that Xuan Tianzi had concealed the fact that he had been rejected after kneeling for five years!

Wang Xian realized that Xuan Tianzi was also a man of character. No wonder the Tiancheng Celestial Emperor said that he had a good temperament!

"Senior, I Won't disturb you anymore. This is a piece of spiritual paper. The Tiancheng Celestial Emperor asked me to give it to you after you took me in!"

Before Wang Xian left, he took out the spiritual paper and placed it in front of Xuan Tianzi!

"Huh?"

Xuan Tianzi was slightly stunned. He pointed his finger at the spiritual paper and his body began to tremble very quickly!

"Huff, Huff, Huff. Some of the core formations of the Celestial Emperor of Tiancheng!"

He growled in a low voice. His face was flushed red and his face was filled with excitement!

"Senior celestial emperor of Tiancheng only taught these core formations to his personal disciples. Although you have already fallen, if one day I, Xuan Tianzi, can step into the Celestial Emperor Realm, I will definitely avenge you!"

"It's just that I might not be as talented as you!"

Xuan Tianzi mumbled and clenched his fists tightly!

"In the next few days, I will first master the Dao of formations. Then, I will think of a way to earn resources and increase my strength!"

Wang Xian returned to the flux disciple peak and thought to himself!

"Sky Formation, hand over the formations that I can master now!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he said to the god of Sky Formation!

"Didn't you hear that old fellow say that I'm So Awesome Just Now? I didn't take him in even after kneeling for ten years!"

"Look at you now. I almost became your nanny!"

The god of Sky Formation said with a rare indignant tone!

"Alright, Alright. Recognize yourself. You're already dead!"

Wang Xian smiled. "When my strength reaches the level of celestial thearch, I will give you a body!"

"Huff! Huff!"

The celestial thearch of Heaven's formation took a deep breath and began to teach Wang Xian obediently!

Now, he was counting on Wang Xian!

In the next ten days, Wang Xian did not leave the flux disciple peak. He had been cultivating all kinds of formations!

In the next ten days, Wang Xian had mastered more than twenty formations. Some of them were auxiliary formations while the rest were offensive formations!

"What a monster!"

Seeing that Wang Xian had mastered a formation that was comparable to a level three divine lord, the God of Heaven's formation muttered to himself!

Back then, which formation didn't take him hundreds of years to master? It wasn't as easy as him!

However, the God of Heaven's formation knew that this was mainly due to Wang Xian's mastery of seven attributes and his own strength!

Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to master them so quickly!

Seven attributes and the origin of attributes. This was no joke!

"It's not bad. Although it's a little useless, it's good that we don't waste too much time!"

Wang Xian stretched his body and said indifferently!

"Xuan Tianzi will beat you to death when he hears your words!"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation said indifferently!

"Next, we have to consider the matter of obtaining resources. Do you know how to obtain resources quickly?"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling as he asked the god of Heaven's formation!

"Oh, I have been the god of void for more than 50 million years. I don't know about these things!"

The God of Heaven's formation shook his head!

Wang Xian was speechless. However, it made sense when he thought about it. How would an existence at the level of the god of void know how to obtain resources faster!

"Go and ask that old fellow. He is the dean of the Xuan Tian Academy, so he should know more about it!"

The God Emperor of Heaven's formation suggested to him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. He immediately took out his communication device and sent a message to Xuan Tianzi!

Soon, Xuan Tianzi replied!

Wang Xian stopped him from coming over to pick him up and flew directly in the direction of the Xuan Tian Academy!

There was a formation protecting the mountain peak. However, Wang Xian had Xuan Tianzi's keepsake on him, so he was not affected by the formation!

While flying in the air, Wang Xian could feel the vast aura around him!

This aura was similar to the prehistoric world in the legends of Earth, as well as the world in sci-fi Movies!

Cars, spaceships, and airplanes shuttled through the prehistoric world!

Wang Xian actually saw entertainment venues such as bars!

Strange Mountains and rivers, Wild Sci-fi!

"Eh, there seem to be a lot more people!"

When Wang Xian arrived at the towering and eye-catching xuantian academy, he saw that there were a lot more people at the entrance of the academy compared to the last time!

Most of them were young men and women with prominent figures!

School has started?

Wang Xian was puzzled and walked into the Academy!

"Beep Beep, non-students are not allowed to enter!"

This time, a voice rang out as soon as Wang Xian entered!

At the Guard's office, someone immediately stared at him. Some of the students also looked over curiously!

"Eh? It's that young man!"

A middle-aged guard's expression changed slightly when he saw Wang Xian. He quickly went forward to welcome him!

"Young master, what are you doing?"

This person in front of them was personally welcomed by the Dean who was so elusive that they couldn't even see his face!

"Go and look for senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Come, come. The Xuantian Academy is very big. Young master, I will bring you there!"

The middle-aged man said to him respectfully with a face full of respect!

"Alright, Sorry for the Trouble!"

"No trouble, no trouble!"

The middle-aged man who had a cold expression the last time brought Wang Xian into the academy respectfully this time!

The entire academy was indeed huge. They flew at full speed for an hour before they arrived at the tower where the central principal was!

The entire academy had also opened Wang Xian's eyes. It was too vast and majestic!