Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2239: In the 2239 universe

"This is where the principal works. However, I don't know if the principal is inside!"

"Sometimes, the principal will not come to the academy for hundreds of years!"

After the middle-aged guard brought Wang Xian over, he said to him!

"Thank you!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He looked at the entrance and walked straight ahead.

The simple and unadorned tower occupied an area of five to six thousand square meters and was tens of thousands of meters tall. The entire tower was enveloped by a powerful array formation and was emitting a powerful pressure!

The vast aura that came at him made Wang Xian's heart skip a beat!

"Huh?"

When he had just stepped into the bottom of the tower, Xuan Tianzi, who was at the top, sensed Wang Xian's arrival!

He waved his arm gently!

Buzz

Wang Xian, who had just entered the entrance, instantly sensed that he had appeared in an ancient and luxurious room!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian shouted at Xuan Tianzi. He had a better understanding of the immortal godly King's strength!

"Take a seat. What's the matter, Little Xian?"

Xuan Tianzi asked with a smile!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi, I would like to ask, is there any way to obtain resources quickly?"

Wang Xian asked directly.

"Resources? What Resources? Weapons? Elixirs?"

Xuan tianzi was slightly taken aback. "If you need anything, I'll give it to you!"

"No need, senior. I Can't just ask you for all the resources!"

Wang Xian shook his head and thanked him!

"Haha, What Does It Matter? We're family!"

Xuan tianzi laughed nonchalantly!

Wang Xian shook his head speechlessly. "Senior, I might need a lot of resources. I also need to know how to earn resources quickly!"

"To earn all kinds of resources, you need to take risks. You have just reached the Divine Lord Realm and you are still too weak. I am worried!"

"How about this? Xiao Xian, you are also at the Divine Lord Realm. You have come to Xuan Tian Academy to teach your students. The treatment given to the teachers in the academy is not bad. If you can teach some outstanding disciples, there will be many rewards!"

Xuan Tianzi said to Wang Xian!

"This..."

Wang Xian was a little speechless when he heard what Xuan Tianzi said!

Be a teacher?

"This... senior, I have never been a teacher before. I want to get some resources quickly. It doesn't matter if it's dangerous!"

Wang Xian said in a speechless manner!

"No, no, you are still young. Although your strength and talent are not bad, you can't take risks rashly. Tell me what resources you need!"

"Moreover, the teachers of the mysterious Sky Academy are also very free. They can only attend seven or eight classes a month at most. Some students need to pay credits to listen to your lectures!"

"The teachers can exchange their credits for treasures in the Academy. Of course, if you feel that a disciple is not bad, you can specially teach him. The teachers with excellent results will also be rewarded!"

"It doesn't matter if you don't have experience. The strength of a god Lord is enough to teach some students who have ignited the divine fire!"

Xuan tianzi immediately retorted and started to introduce the tasks of the teachers in the academy to him!

Wang Xian was speechless. From the look of him, it was obvious that he didn't want him to take the risk!

A hesitant look appeared on his face as he was thinking about how to convince this old fellow!

"Not long ago, more than a dozen teachers from our academy led the students into the underground sea and all of them perished. Currently, there are no teachers in the academy. Xiao Xian, please help me, this old man, to teach some new students!"

Xuan Tianzi, who had lived for millions of years, could tell that Wang Xian was unwilling at first glance. He immediately said that!

"Oh? The underground sea? Died?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A look of astonishment appeared on his face!

"The Underground Sea is the underground world of the Tianze Continent. Although the natural selection continent is a continental plate, its thickness can reach up to hundreds of millions of kilometers. Other than the surface of the sea, there is also the underground sea!"

"The subterranean sea is occupied by sea monsters. These sea monsters are extremely powerful. There are even existences at the immortal King Level!"

"In addition, becoming a student of the Xuan Tian Academy is not just about cultivating in seclusion. Entering the greater world to gain experience is also the most important thing!"

Xuan Tianzi introduced to him!

"Subterranean Sea! Greater World?"

Wang Xian's face was filled with doubt once again as he mumbled!

"Senior, what is the greater world?"

He could not help but ask!

"The seven galaxies are vast and endless. There are billions of planets. Although the major forces are divided, humans are not the rulers of this place. Sometimes, they will encounter attacks from desolate beasts, demons, and monsters!"

"Some planets and some forces can not withstand the attacks or they can avoid the loss of a large number of people. They will issue missions and other major forces on other planets will be able to see it!"

"If anyone wants to obtain the rewards of these missions, they can accept the missions and carry out planet teleportation. Other than that, there is also the alternate dimension created by the godly king, collectively known as the Greater World Mission!"

Xuan Tianzi introduced it to Wang Xian!

"Can the Xuan Tian Academy accept the Greater World Mission?"

A glint flashed across Wang Xian's eyes as he asked immediately!

"Yes, but Xiao Xian, don't have such thoughts. Come and be a teacher in the Academy!"

Xuan Tianzi said to him immediately! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"How many classes do you have in a month as a teacher? Do you have a high degree of freedom? I want to cultivate too!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before asking!

"One class lasts for two hours. There are at least six classes in a month. There are about 30 students with you. They are all students who have ignited the divine fire!"

"You will be teaching the formation from a wisp of divine fire to its peak. There will be two formations in each stage. One will be for combat and the other will be for support. If the students wish to learn more formations, you will have to take them in as your disciples and exchange them with your points in the Academy!"

"As for the teachers, if you are not prepared to take the students in person, you will have a high degree of freedom. You will basically be able to stay in the academy for three to four days a month!"

Xuan Tianzi spoke!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Since Xuan Tianzi had spoken, he couldn't reject him. Furthermore, after agreeing to him, he could use his identity as a teacher of the academy to take a look at the greater world and the sea monster!

"Haha, Alright, Alright. It seems like it's only a few days since the freshmen are reporting. I will get someone to bring you there!"

Xuan tianzi stood up happily and looked down as though he was transmitting his voice!

"Principal!"

Soon, a woman dressed in battle armor walked in. The golden battle armor wrapped around her body, making her look like a violent god of War!

The woman bowed respectfully to Xuan Tianzi!

"This is Wang Xian. Arrange a place for him to be the teacher of this batch of freshmen. Also, give him a place to stay in the forest!"

Xuan tianzi spoke expressionlessly with a dignified expression when he faced his subordinates!

"It's the principal!"

The woman was shocked. She looked at Wang Xian with a shocked expression!

She felt extremely shocked when she sensed Wang Xian's aura at such a young age!

For an expert to be able to sense the age of a person from his aura, it might not be too much of a preparation. However, it was enough to determine the youth and the young man!

Some experts who had lived for hundreds of thousands of years could sense the aura of time and desolation from their bodies at a glance!