Chapter 2240: 2240, teacher Wang

"Teacher Wang Xian, the new students have just registered not long ago. There are no teachers to teach them for the time being!"

"However, the official selection of the students will begin tomorrow morning. I'll bring you to the back Forest First!"

"The back forest is a place that the academy has prepared for some of the powerhouses in the academy. In the future, teacher Wang Xian can temporarily stay there!"

The woman who followed director Jin came down from the principal's tower and said to Wang Xian!

"Yes, thank you, director Jin. This is my first day at the Xuantian Academy. I don't know much about this place and I don't know much about some of the teaching!"

Wang Xian thanked director Jin!

"Hehe, it's alright. Since the principal wants you to be an array teacher, you must be strong enough. Since teacher Wang Xian is so young, he must be a genius!"

"I'll bring you around the academy later. If you need anything, you can come to me directly!"

Director Jin's attitude towards Wang Xian was very good!

After all, Wang Xian was brought here personally by the dean. His relationship with the dean was obviously not simple!

As the ruler of the Xuan Heaven Domain, the Dean was one of the top experts in the entire Tianze continent. Even if she wanted to meet the Dean once, it would take her at least a few hundred years!

If it wasn't for the recent major incident that happened in the mysterious Sky Academy, the Dean wouldn't have come!

Dean Jin brought him around the academy. The entire academy was huge, covering an area of at least 10,000 kilometers!

There were hundreds of thousands of students in the academy. They were the most outstanding talents in the entire mysterious Sky Territory!

The entire academy even included a rather large mountain range. It was extremely vast!

"This is the back forest. Teacher Wang Xian, you can stay here. Of course, you can also stay in other places. It's just a little more convenient here!"

Director Jin brought him to a small forest filled with bamboo. A stream flowed through the bamboo forest!

Beside the stream, there were many simple and natural houses. Beside each house, there was a bamboo at the level of a deity!

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and was slightly surprised. There were at least hundreds of thousands of bamboos in the entire bamboo forest. The lowest level of these bamboos were at the demigod level!

There were even quite a number of divine level bamboos!

"The greater world is a dazzling place!"

Wang Xian could not help but sigh in his heart!

"Teacher Wang Xian, you can go to the place I brought you to tomorrow morning. I will introduce you to the other teachers then!"

Director Jin said to him!

Wang Xian nodded his head and left after exchanging a few words with him!

He entered the courtyard and swept his gaze across the surroundings. A satisfied look appeared on his face!

Although it was not as good as the Flux Point Peak, it was still a pretty good place to live!

As for the amount of spiritual energy, Wang Xian did not care much about it. To him, if he wanted to improve quickly, devouring resources was the fastest way!

Wang Xian took out some books that he had bought along the way about the mysterious sky territory and the mysterious Sky Academy and started to read them carefully!

There were no days and nights in the Tianze continent. However, they were still divided into days and nights according to Time!

After one night, Wang Xian walked towards a square that director Jin had brought him to yesterday!

When he arrived, he realized that there were already many people in the square!

There were more than 10,000 young men and women standing in the middle of the square. At the front of the square stood more than 300 middle-aged and elderly people.

One could sense from their aura that they were all god-level existences!

Director Jin stood proudly in the middle of the square!

"Eh? This student, go and stand below immediately!"

When Wang Xian walked onto the stage, a middle-aged man at the edge of the square looked at him and shouted softly!

"I'm the new teacher!"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as he said with a smile!

"Oh?"

The middle-aged teacher was slightly taken aback!

"Teacher Wang Xian, come over!"

At this moment, director Jin, who was seated in the middle, saw Wang Xian. A smile appeared on his cold and dignified face!

"Huh?"

When the teachers saw this scene, they were filled with astonishment!

They looked at Wang Xian in unison. Many of them were filled with astonishment!

"This is also a teacher. He's So Young?"

The group of teachers were extremely puzzled!

They were all array teachers. Now that they had all reached the stage of establishing laws, they were on par with the Eternal Lord!

Wang Xian was dressed in black and there was a seven-colored divine dragon embroidered on his clothes. He looked rather domineering!

However, with his young and tender face and Aura, he could tell that this was a young man. He might be even younger than all the students present!

Could he be a teacher?

"Yes, director Jin!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked towards director Jin!

The teachers around him were looking at him in astonishment!

Wang Xian nodded at them kindly and walked to the side of director Jin!

"Teacher Wang Xian, this is the list of the freshmen this year. The 500 to 600 students at the front are the more outstanding students this year!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Under normal circumstances, each teacher can choose two more outstanding students. The rest will be chosen according to the Order!"

"However, teacher Wang Xian can choose his own students as he pleases. He can choose whichever student he likes!"

Director Jin said to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback when he heard her words. All the teachers around him widened their eyes and looked over immediately!

"Director Jin, how can this be..."

An elder beside him frowned and said discontentedly!

However, before he could finish his sentence, director Jin raised her arm and signaled him to shut up!

The old man was stunned. He was the descendant of the immortal godly king of the Xuan Heaven Domain after all. Although there were more than ten generations between him and Xuan Tianzi, he was still a direct descendant!

He did not expect director Jin to interrupt him directly!

Usually, director Jin would give him face!

However, he was not stupid. When he saw that his words were interrupted, he looked at Wang Xian with a twinkle in his eyes!

"This is not good, I think it's better to proceed like the other teachers!"

Wang Xian knew that Dean Jin had opened the back door for him. He said in a slightly speechless manner!

"It's alright. You are a new teacher and you are the oldest. I should take care of you!"

Dean Jin said nonchalantly!

Some of the teachers around were slightly dazed. This kind of thing had never happened in the Xuan Tian Academy!

Sometimes, in order to compete for an elite disciple, even the descendants of Xuan Tianzi would be embarrassed!

Now, this young man was actually allowed to choose his students. Damn it, if he were to choose 30 out of the 500 to 600 Outstanding Disciples, the Academy would be at a huge disadvantage in the future!

"This..."

Wang Xian nodded his head helplessly!

The students below also saw Wang Xian on the stage and heard the words of the teachers!

This made many students dumbfounded!

"He is also a teacher. He is too young!"

"Damn, he can choose his students directly!"

"Wow, this is a teacher. The teacher of our Xuantian Academy requires the strength of the eternal God Lord. Could it be that he can establish laws?"

"This is too young and too handsome. My God, he is actually our teacher!"