Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2241: Under teacher Wang 2241

In front of the Xuan Tian Academy's Freshmen Square, more than 10,000 students were sizing up Wang Xian who was standing in front of them!

He was young, handsome, and had an extraordinary temperament!

This made the eyes of many girls present shine!

However, there were also many students who were filled with curiosity and doubt. Wang Xian was too young, and he didn't look older than them!

At such an age, he was qualified to be their teacher!

One must know that they were considered geniuses in the entire mysterious Sky Territory!

"There are thirty students in a class. Student Wang Xian can choose any thirty of them. He can choose the more outstanding students!"

Director Jin said directly to Wang Xian!

The corners of the teachers'mouths twitched. Their faces didn't look good!

Was this kid a relative of director Jin? It shouldn't be!

"There's no need to go through so much trouble!"

Wang Xian shook his head and looked ahead!

"My Name Is Wang Xian, one of the new teachers. If you are willing to be my student, please come forward!"

He said to all the students!

"Huh?"

Dean Jin and the teachers around him were slightly stunned when they saw his actions. They smiled faintly and didn't say anything!

"This..." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The more than 10,000 students below looked hesitant when they saw Wang Xian standing out!

"He's so young. Isn't he a little unreliable?"

"Yeah, he said that he's a new teacher. He's definitely not as good as the previous teachers!"

"He's too young. His actual combat experience is definitely not strong!"

Some of the boys mumbled softly!

"I'm willing. Teacher Wang Xian is simply too handsome!"

"I'm also willing to become teacher's student!"

"To be able to become a teacher of the Xuantian Academy at such a young age is definitely the pride of the heavens. Even in the greater world, he would be the pride of the Heavens!"

Some of the girls'eyes lit up as they spoke loudly and walked out!

There were also some girls who thought that Wang Xian must be extraordinary to be able to become a teacher at such a young age. Hence, they walked out as well!

In an instant, 50 to 60 girls walked out. Among them, there were quite a few who looked stunning!

The girls were different from the boys. It was uncomfortable for the boys to find a teacher who was younger than them. However, the girls found it very interesting.

There was no room for two Tigers on a mountain, unless it was a male and a female!

Such a situation was very suitable here!

When Wang Xian saw that the 40 to 50 people were all girls, the corner of his mouth twitched!

"The female students are pretty good. They are all more obedient. Among them, three of the girls are more talented!"

Director Jin, who was standing at the side, said with a smile on his face!

"I will choose thirty of you!"

Wang Xian looked at the forty to fifty girls and shook his head. Then, he waved his arm!

In an instant, illusory pillars appeared around the group of girls. With a wave of his arm, thirty of them instantly appeared around five hundred meters away!

Water Element Formation, teleportation!

Only an array master who had ignited eight wisps of divine fire could achieve such a feat!

On the other hand, Wang Xian's formation covered 40 to 50 people, but he had managed to accurately teleport 30 of them out. One could see how skilled he was in the art of formations!

"Teacher Wang Xian is really fast in setting up the formation. To be able to reach the level of a god Lord at such a young age, he's really amazing!"

The old man who had spoken earlier said with a smile!

Wang Xian smiled at him!

"To be able to cast an eight-wisp divine fire-level formation in an instant, it seems like our teacher is really amazing!"

"Wow, I'm starting to regret it. This teacher Wang Xian is not weak. Most importantly, the entire class is filled with girls. If I were to enter this class..."

The girls who were chosen were all excited when they saw Wang Xian's move. Some of the boys were also starting to regret it!

The quality of these 30 girls was rather high!

"Alright, let's start distributing the students!"

After Wang Xian had chosen his students, the other teachers began to choose their own students as well!

Soon, about 10,000 students were taken away by more than 300 teachers!

These were not all the freshmen of this batch of Xuantian Academy. They were only freshmen in the field of formations!

There were about 40,000 to 50,000 freshmen in each batch. Among them, there were about 10,000 students who practiced formations. The rest were ordinary cultivators!

Xuantian Academy would recruit students every ten years. There were about 40,000 to 50,000 students in each batch. There were a total of 30 batches of students. There were at least hundreds of thousands of students who died halfway through!

There were about 800,000 to 900,000 students in the academy all year round. There were also some who went to the greater world to do missions!

Wang Xian's classroom was located in a huge manor in the academy. There were places for students to stay in the manor as well.

Each class occupied an area of a few kilometers!

Wang Xian brought them to the luxurious training grounds and swept his gaze across the 30 girls!

"Let me introduce myself again. My name is Wang Xian. I will be your teacher in the future. If you have any questions in the future, you can come to me!"

"In the first three days of every month, I will stay here to teach you. If you have any questions, you can ask me. I might not come over at other times!"

"Now, you guys can introduce yourselves. Let's start with you. If you have any other questions, you can ask them directly!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the group of students and said calmly!

"Alright, teacher. My name is Huang Jiajia. Now, I have lit two wisps of divine fire..."

"Hello, teacher. My Name Is..."

One by one, the girls started to introduce themselves. Wang Xian remembered their names!

"Is there a problem?"

After the girls finished introducing themselves, Wang Xian asked indifferently!

"Teacher, how old are you this year?"

One of the girls rolled her eyes and suddenly asked!

"Hehe, let's not talk about this anymore. It would be a blow to all of you!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

The girl who asked the question was a little disappointed!

"Teacher, do you have a girlfriend?"

A girl asked with a face full of anticipation!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian answered directly. Some of the girls were embarrassed!

"Alright, I think you guys should stop asking. I'm going to teach you guys about formations now!"

"Among you guys, Huang Jiajia, Situ Yan lit up two wisps of divine fire, heavenly oxygen lit up three wisps of divine fire, and the rest of you lit up one wisp of divine fire!"

"Let me see the formations that the three of you girls have mastered. The rest of the girls who have mastered formations, let me see as well. The academy stipulates that each level will teach one attack and one auxiliary formation!"

"If you guys want to cultivate more formations, you can exchange them with your points!"

Wang Xian continued speaking to them!

"Teacher, do you accept disciples? What do you think of Me?"

Huang Jiajia looked at him expectantly and said!

The teachers of the Xuantian Academy would accept some of the more talented students as their disciples. They would impart some formations to them for free so that they could receive more guidance!

Many students hoped that their teachers would take them in as their disciples, especially those without any background!

"I won't take them in for the time being. If any of the students have made greater progress, I will impart formations to all of you for free!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"Oh!"

Huang Jiajia nodded her head slightly.

The rest of the female students also nodded their heads slightly. Their faces also became serious!

They were here to cultivate, not for fun. Naturally, their main focus was on cultivation!

Although Wang Xian was here to pass the time and did not want to reject Xuan Tianzi, he would not let his students down either!