Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2242: 2242 underground sea, sea monster

Although Wang Xian had never been a teacher, he had the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation behind him!

Back then, the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation had taught him how to teach his students!

The learning of formations was extremely difficult. It was much more difficult than ordinary cultivation!

The most famous thing in Xuantian Academy was formations!

The power of formations was very strong. If a formation master with a wisp of divine fire was given enough time and sufficient treasures, the formation he set up could kill hundreds of people of the same level!

This was like a trap. It could even kill two or three wisps of divine fire!

The prerequisite was that the other party didn't know that there was a formation here!

Huang Jiajia and Situ Yan had already lit up two wisps of divine fire and three wisps of divine fire with heavenly oxygen. They were considered outstanding in this batch and their backgrounds were pretty good too!

The three of them had mastered quite a number of formations. Wang Xian didn't have any comments when he saw how many formations they had cast!

The rest of the female students had yet to come into contact with god-level formations!

"Before I teach you formations, I want to tell you a few rules!"

"You are my students. Fighting and scheming are prohibited among you. If you are found out, you will be expelled or killed immediately!"

"As my students, I don't expect you to be kind to others. However, don't cross the bottom line. Just maintain your true self!"

"When facing others, you are not allowed to bully the weak. However, if someone bullies you, stick together and look for me if you can't defeat them!" Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian said to them calmly. His body exuded the aura of a strong person!

At this moment, the aura on Wang Xian's body underwent an earth-shattering change!

He had been smiling earlier, but now, he looked down on them like a high and mighty king!

When the 30 girls saw the change in Wang Xian's temperament, their expressions changed drastically. They were all shocked and terrified!

"Alright, I will teach you the first attack formation, the Ice Formation!"

"You three girls, I will teach you two wisps of divine fire and three wisps of divine fire respectively!"

Wang Xian retracted his aura and waved his arm. The formation in front of him appeared!

The formation was formed bit by bit!

The formation of one wisp of divine fire involved millions of steps. Each step had to be done accurately. Otherwise, the formation would collapse instantly!

Even for a godly state expert who had a photographic memory and could see ten lines at a glance, it was still very difficult to use the spiritual energy to guide the energy in the surroundings. The slightest mistake would result in failure!

The group of girls put away all their thoughts and listened with some respect!

"Next, let's start practicing. I will set up a few areas. The concentration of the spiritual energy and various attributes in the areas will be different. This way, we can choose according to the conditions!"

Wang Xian spoke to them as he took out a simple array compass and set up a few arrays here!

With the assistance of arrays, the speed of the cultivation of arrays would be much faster!

"Teacher, you actually know so many auxiliary arrays!"

When the group of girls saw that Wang Xian had set up more than a dozen auxiliary arrays, they were shocked!

According to what they knew, an eternal lord-level array formation could control at most a hundred arrays!

There were many differences between array masters and Array Masters. Some were good at attacking arrays, some were good at defending arrays, and some were good at supporting arrays!

Of course, there were also formation masters who were more balanced!

However, it was already very strong for an eternal lord to be able to control more than a hundred formations!

However, Wang Xian casually set up more than a dozen supporting formations, and it was the kind of formations that merely supported the formation masters'cultivation!

There were very few such formations. As far as they knew, there were no such formations in the Xuantian Academy!

Only the spell formation guild had such a rare formation that could help spell formation masters to cultivate!

"Is it too much?"

Wang Xian shook his head. "Alright, you guys can continue to cultivate here. I will stay here for three days every month and explain any problems to you within three days!"

There were more than 2,000 formations under his control now. All of them were accumulated by the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation. It wasn't difficult to cultivate this kind of auxiliary formation!

The group of girls felt a chill in their hearts. Tianxiu, Huang Jiajia, and Situ Yan's eyes sparkled as they scanned the formations one by one excitedly!

They had some background in their family. It was also because of this that they knew how terrifying this auxiliary formation was!

It was as if the entire Xuantian Academy did not know about it!

For a moment, Wang Xian made many of the girls look mysterious!

After explaining the first formation to them, Wang Xian taught Huang Jiajia, situ, and Yan Tianxin, the three girls, a formation that was of a higher level!

After teaching them, Wang Xian sat there leisurely and watched the girls cultivate one by one!

The cultivation of the formation required him to train non-stop. The improvement of his strength required the girls to cultivate!

The teachers in the academy were basically very idle!

After watching them train for three days and three nights, Wang Xian clapped his hands and called them over!

When a godly state expert trained, it was fine to not sleep or rest for a year!

"Teacher Wang, What's the matter?"

A group of girls walked over with some attentiveness, and their eyes were sparkling!

Wang Xian was in a good mood as he looked at the group of pretty girls!

There were 40 to 50 girls. Wang Xian had chosen them based on their looks out of selfishness. All of them were pretty good-looking!

At the very least, they were pleasing to the eye!

"I will stay here for three days every month. I have something to ask you!"

Wang Xian said to them!

"Teacher Wang, please ask. We will tell you everything we know!"

The group of girls answered immediately!

"Do you know much about the underground sea? and the greater world!"

Wang Xian asked with a twinkle in his eyes!

"The underground sea? The Greater World?"

The group of girls were stunned!

"Teacher Wang, I live by the sea. I am more familiar with the underground sea!"

At this moment, a girl who looked a little weak opened her mouth and said!

"Oh? Yu Bingbing, tell me!"

Wang Xian looked at the girl and asked immediately!

He had a deep impression of this girl because she was a murloc, a human who was born from the strong humans and the aquatic race!

"Our natural selection sea is connected to the underground sea. The Tianze sea covers one-sixth of the entire Tianze continent, but the underground sea is as big as our Tianze continent!"

"There are all kinds of powerful sea monsters living in the Tianze Sea. It seems that our Xuantian Academy has many missions related to the underground sea!"

"The northern edge of our Xuantian Academy is the sea. It suppresses the sea monsters to prevent them from causing trouble. The mission pavilion of Xuantian Academy has more detailed information!"

"Many of our students need to go to the sea or the underground sea to increase their strength and earn resources quickly!"

Yu Bingbing introduced!

"As for the greater world, there are also missions in our Xuantian Academy. From our academy, we can enter millions of planets. Don't you know about this teacher?"

Yu Bingbing added!

"This, I haven't been in the Tianze continent for long. I'm not familiar with it!"

Wang Xian shook his head embarrassedly and looked towards the north!

"Alright, you guys cultivate first. I'll see you in a month!"