Chapter 2243: 2243 in the underground sea, among the sea monsters

"Our teacher Wang is so handsome and powerful. It would be great if I could become your teacher's wife!"

"Don't even think about it. Why don't you see what kind of strength our teacher has and what kind of strength you have!"

"Hey Hey, don't you feel that our teacher is so mysterious? The Aura he gives off is so powerful and majestic. We have really chosen the right teacher!"

"That's right, especially the formation set up by our teacher. I've never heard of it before. It's easier to analyze the formation than to analyze it. The speed of his cultivation is more than ten times faster than before!"

As they watched Wang Xian leave, the group of girls looked at his disappearing figure and started to chatter among themselves!

They were still in their teenage years. Naturally, they couldn't help but have some fantasies when they met such an outstanding teacher!

Even Huang Jiajia and the rest had sparkling eyes!

After witnessing such an outstanding existence, how could they be interested in other men!

"Mission Pavilion!"

Wang Xian came to a mission pavilion in the Xuantian Academy. The entire mission pavilion was huge, but there were not many people inside!

Wang Xian went in and scanned the place. Other than the students who had submitted their missions, there was no one else!

One could receive missions directly from the communication stone plate issued by the academy. They only needed to come here when they handed in their missions!

The entire mission pavilion was solemn and solemn. Wang Xian walked up and bought a computer!

As a world where technology and cultivation coexisted, the technological level of the Tianze continent was very high!

A computer was much more useful than a communication stone plate. As a teacher, Wang Xian processed one and pressed the computer. Immediately, information was reflected in front of him!

"This is really high-tech!"

Wang Xian looked at the lifelike scene in front of him and smiled!

Leisure and entertainment, news from the Tianze continent, the deeds of the Xuantian Academy, missions from the underground sea, and the greater world!

There were all sorts of functions, and the functions were even more abundant than the computers in the past!

Wang Xian casually clicked on them. He actually saw a concert and a live broadcast in the leisure and entertainment aspect. This broadened his horizons!

The content of the live broadcast was very clear. Most of the live broadcasts were about adventures, battles, and entertainment!

The news on the natural selection continent was also all kinds of information. There were information about the deaths of teachers and students in the mysterious Sky Domain, as well as information about the strong ones!

Wang Xian clicked on the missions in the underground sea. He searched for the bones of various sea monsters, the ambergris of the Dragon Whale, and the missions to protect a certain place!

There were all sorts of missions. There were more than a thousand of them. As long as you had the ability, you could accept the missions!

"The rewards of the missions are not bad. Some of them can be exchanged for elixirs of the level of the Eternal Lord. However, they are useless to me!"

"The sea monsters can increase their dragon energy by devouring them. Some of the divine herbs and divine trees can also increase their strength. Most of the missions are useless to them!"

Wang Xian took a look at the missions above and opened the information and strategies on the ocean of natural selection and the underground sea!

"This underground sea can help me level up quickly!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling. With a move of his body, he immediately flew towards the north of the academy in the Underground Sea!

Hualala

Wang Xian flew for an hour before he arrived at the north of the Academy!

"What is this?"

There was a huge platform in the north. It was a platform made of steel!

Silver-white steel covered the surroundings of the ocean. The length of the platform was so long that one could not see the end of it!

In front of the ocean that was made of steel, there were huge cannon barrels!

The dark cannon barrels were emitting a terrifying energy!

This was an energy cannon that was used to guard the coast and prevent the sea monsters from attacking!

Such an energy cannon could be killed by even the eternal God Lord!

In the surrounding area, there were some students and teachers flying in and out of the sea!

The underground sea was the natural enemy of the entire Tianze continent. From time to time, there would be sea monsters flying out of the underground sea to launch devastating attacks on the human cities!

As the sea monsters were underground, there were even immortal god King level sea monsters. The experts on the human side could not wipe them out!

The humans of the Tianze continent had been fighting against the sea monsters for countless of years!

Standing on the silver-white platform in front of him, Wang Xian looked at the deep and dark ocean in front of him!

In the sky, there was a dark blue sky. Standing here, one could feel one's insignificance!

One could also feel a sense of heroism!

"Ocean!"

Wang Xian's eyes slowly revealed a burning look. With a move of his body, he flew straight into the ocean!

Splash

He felt exhilarated as he entered the bottom of the ocean! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The ocean in the boundless galaxy could not be compared to the ocean here. The ocean here was the real ocean!

Roar

Wang Xian let out a low roar and stared straight ahead!

This time, entering the ocean gave him the same feeling as when he had just obtained the divine dragon system and stepped into the ocean!

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the surroundings. There were many creatures on the seabed!

Some ordinary fishes had the strength of transcendence and void interpretation!

Buzz

"Rule!"

Wang Xian shouted softly. In an instant, all the aquatic creatures within a radius of 100 kilometers trembled!

"Come!"

He shouted softly and all the aquatic creatures within 100 kilometers immediately flew towards him!

There were about 500,000 to 600,000 aquatic creatures within a hundred kilometers. Among them, there was even a god-level aquatic creature!

This was the sea monster that people in the Tianze continent were talking about. It was similar to some of the fish on Earth, but it was even more powerful and terrifying!

"Dragon Head!"

Wang Xian had a thought. His head immediately turned into a huge dragon head and devoured all the sea monsters!

"The next upgrade will be much easier!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He had already ignited eight wisps of divine fire. He could directly control the sea monsters below the eight wisps of divine fire!

As long as he devoured more than a hundred sea monsters at the level of the Eternal Lord, he would be able to upgrade once again!

"Go deep into the sea and swim like a Dragon!"

Wang Xian mumbled. With a move of his body, he flew deeper into the sea.

His speed was very fast. After five to six hours of flying, he entered the vast deep sea. The surrounding water was extremely deep!

The bottom of the sea was bottomless!

"I can't go any deeper in this area. After all, there are immortal King Level Sea Monsters Here!"

Wang Xian sensed his surroundings. Some immortal level sea monsters were roaming around. He didn't dare to swim any further!

In fact, it wasn't very safe here either. This was because the location below was the underground sea. No one could guarantee that there wouldn't be any terrifying sea monsters flying over!

However, Wang Xian had the strength of someone who had comprehended four laws. Hence, he wasn't too afraid of them!

"Let's start the hunt!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he scanned his surroundings with his extremely sharp eyes!

Wang Xian moved his body and the aquatic creatures that were less than six wisps of divine fire within a radius of 100 kilometers trembled and flew towards him!

Roar! Roar

However, his suppressive force also caused some of the sea monsters to be furious!

The rule of the divine dragon was a provocation to them!