Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2244: 2244 underground sea, under the sea monsters

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the southern part of the Tianze Sea, the roars of some sea monsters could be heard within a radius of 100 kilometers!

Even if they were in the sea, their roars could still be heard!

The sea water could not stop their roars!

However, Wang Xian could!

The draconic aura covered an area of 100 kilometers and ruled over some aquatic creatures. At the same time, it also infuriated two sea monsters with the strength of six wisps of divine fire and above!

Each of the two sea monsters had a body of 10,000 meters. They were like ancient sharks that were charging at Wang Xian!

Their eyes were filled with blood as they stared at Wang Xian. A row of golden teeth were exposed, and they were extremely violent!

"Golden-blooded explosive sharks!"

Wang Xian looked at the two violent sharks that were charging at him. A hint of coldness flashed in his eyes!

He shook his body slightly and instantly transformed into a divine dragon that was 30,000 meters in size!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar. He opened his gigantic mouth and directly devoured the two golden blood sharks!

Crack! Crack

One by one, the two sea monsters that only had the strength of seven wisps of divine fire were instantly devoured by Wang Xian!

"Roar! Roar!"

He opened his mouth and all the aquatic creatures within a hundred kilometers flew towards his mouth!

At this location, there were seven celestial-level sea monsters within a hundred kilometers. Such a high density surprised even Wang Xian!

"Continue!"

Wang Xian swayed his dragon tail slightly and arrived a hundred kilometers away in an instant!

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the surroundings and the dragon aura spread out in all directions!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Very soon, the sea monsters were swallowed into his stomach one by one!

At such a speed, Wang Xian was wandering around. In less than an hour, he had swallowed more than 200 celestial-level sea monsters!

"Although there are more than 200 of them, it's still not enough. Do you want to take a look at the bottom?"

Wang Xian looked at the extremely deep seabed. The bottom was like an endless abyss!

The underground sea was divided into 10 layers. This division was made by an immortal King!

The area above 10 million kilometers of the underground sea belonged to the surface of the sea. 10 million to 20 million kilometers belonged to the first layer of the underground sea. 20 million to 30 million kilometers was the second layer!

By analogy, they reached the 10th layer.

The deeper they went, the stronger the sea monster became!

The area where Wang Xian was currently at was considered the first level. He had already dived below 10 million kilometers! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

10 million kilometers was not 1,000 kilometers!

When a demigod-level powerhouse entered this area, the water pressure would be able to crush him to death!

"I'll go down and take a look. Fortune comes from danger. As long as I advance to the level of the eternal God Lord, I'll Be Safer!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He stared at the bottom and dived straight in!

The sea bottom was pitch-black, but to them, it was no different from daytime!

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, at this moment, a violent rumbling sound came from the right!

The energy covered an area of at least hundreds of thousands of kilometers!

This was not the sky. To be able to cause such a commotion at the bottom of the sea which was tens of millions of kilometers deep, it was definitely not an ordinary creature!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian immediately turned his head and looked to the right!

On the right, a thousand-meter-wide underwater machine with a metal blade was swimming at a terrifying speed!

On the submarine-like machine, more than a dozen young men were standing on it with pale faces!

At this moment, the few girls on it were on the verge of crying!

They looked behind them and their bodies were trembling!

"It's over, it's over, how could we be so unlucky? We've already returned the sea monster cubs to them, why are they still attacking us!"

One of the young men said with trembling lips!

They had accepted a mission to search for the sea monster cubs. After they had easily completed the mission, they wanted to continue searching for more cubs!

Their luck was also very good. Coincidentally, they had encountered the turtle eggs of the twin-armored sea turtles. This made them extremely excited!

Some twin-armored sea turtles could be upgraded to the eternal God realm. The value of the pet eggs of these twin-armored sea turtles was very high!

After being nurtured for thousands of years, the lowest level of strength was the peak of the God realm!

However, what they did not expect was to suddenly encounter the attacks of the twin-armored sea turtles. There were over a thousand twin-armored sea turtles, and there were five or six God lords!

They were only students of the Xuan Tian Academy. Even the strongest heaven's favorite had only ignited eight wisps of divine fire. In front of the twin-armored sea turtles, they were like ants!

If it weren't for the rich second generation among them who owned a sea god boat, they would have been finished long ago!

"Humans are not the rulers of the Tianze continent or the entire greater world. If we can lend a hand among our own kind, we should lend a hand!"

Wang Xian looked to his right and thought of what Xuan Tianzi had said!

"The uniform of the Xuantian Academy!"

As the sea god boat approached, Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and saw the uniform on it!

His body moved and immediately transformed into a human body. He looked at the twin-armored sea turtles that were chasing behind them and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Six twin-armored sea turtles of the first level of the Eternal Celestial Master!"

A smile appeared on his face!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and streams of water elemental energy shot into the void in front of him. He set up an attack formation, the sea god's Bind!

The Sea God's bind was equivalent to a level one eternal lord level formation. However, this formation could trap level two eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters!

The thousands of sea monsters in front of him could all be trapped!

Buzz

In two seconds, the formation was formed!

Whoosh

At this moment, the Sea God's boat had already arrived within ten kilometers of Wang Xian!

"There's a person in front!"

"Oh no, it's a young man. He's going to die too!"

On the Sea God's boat, two young men saw Wang Xian and immediately reminded him loudly!

Buzz

However, at this moment, they suddenly felt that the sea god's boat beneath them was flying to the side uncontrollably!

From where they were just now, they had formed two enormous tails that looked like the tails of a whale!

The two tails were over a thousand kilometers in size, and they surrounded the twin-armored sea turtles behind them!

"This is an array formation! It's an array formation!"

When the dozen or so young men and women on the sea god ship saw this terrifying whale tail, their faces were filled with shock!

"It's the sea god Bind! It's an eternal lord rank 1 sea god Bind! We're saved!"

The group of youths widened their eyes in excitement!

"Boom!"

Two enormous whale tails surrounded the twin-armored sea turtles from both sides!

"Boom! Boom!"

The powerful array formation was not only able to trap them, but the attacks from the whale tails also caused the twin-armored sea turtles to scream in pain!

"Hiss, what a powerful force! Are they the experts of our Heavenly Academy?"

When the group of people saw the group of twin-armored turtles that were chasing after them being restrained, their eyes were filled with awe!

They looked at Wang Xian who was standing in the middle of the ocean!

"He's so young!"

When they saw Wang Xian's face, everyone was astonished!