Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2245: The value of 2245 pets

Dressed in black, the seven-colored divine dragon embroidered on his chest stood proudly in the ocean. At the front, the terrifying whale tail had completely trapped all the twin-armored sea turtles!

Half of the sea turtles were killed by the power of the whale tail!

"The offensive power of the formation is really not weak!"

Wang Xian looked at the scene in front of him and smiled!

He ignored the young men and women around him. He moved his body and entered the formation directly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When Wang Xian entered the sea god's bind, the six double-armored sea turtles, who were at the first level of the eternal lord level, let out an angry roar!

Their blood-red eyes stared at Wang Xian, filled with violent killing intent!

"Die!"

Wang Xian stretched out his right arm and transformed it into a dragon claw!

With his current strength of eight wisps of divine fire, it was a piece of cake for him to kill a level one eternal lord sea monster!

Boom

The Dragon Claw went over, and the shell of a dual-armored sea turtle cracked instantly!

Roar! Roar

The dual-armored sea turtle, who was at the level of the Eternal Lord, was covered in blood. A look of fear appeared on his face!

Roar! Roar

He let out an extremely shrill scream as his body trembled slightly!

Buzz

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly when he saw its figure flashing!

In the next moment, the twin-armored sea turtles disappeared instantly!

Roar! Roar

The other twin-armored sea turtles also let out an indignant and angry roar. Their figures disappeared quickly!

"Damn it!"

Wang Xian's expression turned ugly when he saw this scene!

He had let them escape!

It was very difficult to kill any creature that had reached the level of the eternal God Lord. They could escape back to their eternal divine kingdom in a very short period of time!

It was also because of this situation that the glorious land was created!

It was very difficult to kill experts above the eternal God Lord. With millions of years of life, they would naturally make this area even more glorious!

This was also the reason why the word 'eternal'was added before the word 'lord'. It was because they were very difficult to kill!

Of course, it was very easy for the Immortal King to kill the Eternal Lord!

Six eternal lord level twin-armored turtles escaped, leaving over a thousand immortal-level turtles!

However, the combined value of these over a thousand immortal-level turtles was only equivalent to one eternal lord level turtle!

Wang Xian didn't look too good. His head turned into a dragon's head and headed straight for the twin-armored turtles!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar. In less than ten seconds, he had devoured all the twin-armored turtles! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

I'm still short of 95% of my dragon energy to level up. It's still a little slow

He took a look at his attributes and thought to himself!

"What is this?"

The double-armored turtle was devoured. There were a few white eggs floating in front of him. Each egg was about one meter in size and contained life force!

Wang Xian waved his arm and the system showed that the double-armored turtle eggs could grow to the peak of the Godly State!

"It's a little useless!"

Wang Xian looked at the pet eggs and shook his head!

Buzz

He waved his arm and the surrounding formations were withdrawn instantly!

"All the twin-armored sea turtles have been killed. Such a fast speed, so powerful!"

Outside, more than a dozen young men and women who were standing on the sea god's ship were shocked when they saw the formation being withdrawn and all the twin-armored sea turtles inside had disappeared!

"Let's go and thank Senior!"

A young man in the middle hesitated for a moment before controlling the sea god's ship to fly towards Wang Xian's position!

"Thank you for saving my life, Senior!"

More than a dozen people came over and cupped their hands. They looked at Wang Xian in awe and astonishment!

"No Need!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and shook his head. He didn't mind it at all!

"It's the eggs of the twin-armored sea turtle!"

At this moment, a girl saw the pet eggs in front of Wang Xian and her face lit up with excitement!

"It's still three!"

The few of them looked over and were visibly moved!

"Congratulations, senior, for obtaining three such precious pet eggs!"

A young man said with a smile on his face!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian looked at them and then at the pet egg in front of him!

"Are these pet eggs at the peak of the godly state very valuable?"

He asked!

"Senior, you don't Know?"

More than ten people were slightly stunned!

"Senior, a peak divine realm pet egg can be raised to peak divine realm as long as it is properly nurtured. This is more than ten times less than nurturing a peak divine realm expert!"!

"Moreover, raising a pet from a young age can build a great rapport with the owner. Although sea beasts are desolate beasts and their wildness is greater than their intelligence, raising them from a young age can reduce their wildness and increase their spirituality!"

"A pet egg at the peak of the godly state is something that many people are willing to spend a lot of money to buy!"

Following that, more than a dozen people immediately spoke up!

"Oh? How much is this pet egg worth?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked!

"If it's a pet egg, it can be exchanged for about ten pills of the same level!"

A young man in the middle spoke up!

"Ten pills?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

"Then, if it's an adult sea monster pet, how much is it worth?"

He asked immediately!

"An adult sea monster pet?"

"Sea monsters are difficult to tame when they reach adulthood. Of course, if it's a powerful Beast Tamer, it's possible to tame an adult sea monster!"

"We are not very clear about the price of an adult sea monster, but I believe it's definitely not lower than the price of fifty pills of the same level!"

The young man estimated!

"50 pills!"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up!

Compared to the corpses of sea monsters of the same level, the amount of spiritual herbs and pills that could be absorbed by the Dragon Energy Sea Monsters should be around two to three times!

However, even if it was two to three times, if he could tame and sell it, it would be 50 times!

One of them was equivalent to a dozen to 20 sea monsters in the past!

In other words, he could reduce the amount of resources by 10 to 20 times when he leveled up!

Of course, the prerequisite was that Wang Xian had to tame the sea monsters!

Wang Xian had already mastered beast taming when he was in the transcendence continent!

However, he wasn't lacking in resources, and he didn't want to waste this time!

"I can tame and sell sea monsters myself!"

Wang Xian was quick-witted. This was a shortcut for him to increase his strength quickly!

"ERM... Senior, do you want to sell your pet egg?"

The young man who had been speaking hesitated for a moment before asking!

"I want to sell it. If you want it, I'll give it to you!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently!

"Alright, Alright. Senior, I still have 40 divine herbs and elixirs of the peak of the godly state in my possession. I'll give them all to you as a token of my gratitude for saving your life!"

"I am Hong Longwen from the Xuantian Academy. May I know your name, Senior?"

The young man nodded his head excitedly!

"Wang Xian!"

Wang Xian said two words calmly and gave the pet egg to them!

"Senior, this is the Elixir!"

The young man immediately handed the Divine Elixir to him!

Wang Xian took a look at it and kept it with a wave of his arm. Then, he turned around and left!

More than ten young men and women opened their mouths slightly when they saw Wang Xian leaving!

"Our luck is really good this time. If this senior didn't appear, we would be dead for sure!"

A young man said softly as he looked at Wang Xian's disappearing figure!

"That's right, Wang Xian. I don't think our Xuantian Academy has such a name. Could it be from another faction? That can't be. All the array masters are in our Academy!"

A few students were puzzled!