Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2246: 2246 sea monsters

Wang Xian didn't talk too much with the group of young men!

When he learned that taming sea monsters could be exchanged for more resources, Wang Xian was tempted!

With his current strength, he could directly rule over sea monsters below eight wisps of divine fire. It was very easy to tame them!

It would take some time to tame sea monsters above eight wisps of divine fire!

However, it was definitely worth it to sell the sea monsters!

"Looks like I have to change my strategy!"

Wang Xian was floating in the sea with a contemplative look on his face!

Since he could obtain more resources by selling the sea monsters he tamed, he would sell the sea monsters he tamed!

He opened the AI on his arm and started searching immediately!

The value of the pets, the information of the Beast Tamer, how to sell the pets, and so on!

Wang Xian looked up all kinds of information!

Soon, all kinds of resources appeared!

"Beast Tamers are even more special than array masters. Powerful Beast Tamers belong to the existence that all the major forces are fighting for!"

"However, the job of Beast Tamer seems to be very difficult. It's even more difficult than array masters. It's very rare!"

"It's also because it's rare. The value of all kinds of pet mounts is very high!"

Wang Xian read through the information one by one.

In this vast world, there were humans, demonic beasts, robots, and other powerful living creatures!

Among intelligent creatures, they were basically equal. For example, Divine Beasts and demonic beasts were as intelligent as humans!

Under such circumstances, there were very few intelligent demonic beasts as human mounts and pets!

Only desolate beasts and sea monsters would be used as mounts and pets!

Furthermore, humans did not dare to make Fey beasts their mounts and pets without absolute confidence!

Mounts and pets were the closest combat partners. When Fey Beasts with intelligence fought, they might kill their masters for Freedom!

The tamed desolate beast sea monsters were different. They would acknowledge you as their boss and not dare to resist!

Creatures without intelligence were sometimes more loyal than intelligent creatures!

This was like the birth of a mechanical race!

The mechanical race was created by robots created by humans with intelligence. After killing their masters, they would establish a huge mechanical race!

In the natural selection continent, there were people who sold pet eggs and tamed mounts. They were sold on a street beside the Mystic Heaven Academy!

Similarly, if there were a large number of mounts and pets, there would be forces that would come to purchase them after the news was released!

In short, tamed pet mounts were definitely priceless in the greater world. Even if one were to get a few million of them, they would be able to digest them!

"This is good news!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile as he looked down!

"Continue to go deeper. However, before that, I have to find a way to trap the eternal Lord Sea Monster!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew deeper into the underground sea!

His speed was very fast. Since he was in the middle of the sea, the water pressure could not cause any pressure to him!

Wang Xian continued to go deeper into the sea as he stared at his surroundings vigilantly!

"Heaven Formation, do you have any way to trap the eternal lord so that he can not return to his divine kingdom in an instant?"

He asked sky array god Emperor as he swam!

"There is one way, but it will have to wait for you to Level Up!"

"A Tier 4 array formation of the god Lord can interfere with space after it is set up. Even the eternal God Lord can not return to his own divine kingdom!"

"This array formation is very rare. It is best not to set it up in front of too many people just in case!"

Emperor Tiancheng replied!

A formation that could restrict the eternal lord from entering the divine kingdom was definitely not something that other eternal lords wanted to see!

Such a formation might arouse the killing intent of some people!

"Do I need to ignite another wisp of divine fire?" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Wang Xian frowned slightly. It would take a lot of time for him to ignite another wisp of divine fire!

Especially if he couldn't capture the sea monsters of the eternal lord level, the speed of his improvement would be even slower!

"Forget it, I'll take it slow!"

Wang Xian sensed that he had entered the second level of the underground sea. He scanned his surroundings and his body trembled!

Within a radius of 100 kilometers, the bodies of the sea monsters trembled and immediately flew towards him!

"There are five of them at the divine level. Two of them are too low and won't fetch a good price!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he swept his gaze across the sea monsters that were under his control!

The value of a pet mount was higher than seven wisps of divine fire, including seven Wisps of Divine Fire!

The value of one or two wisps of divine fire was very low. After all, one or two wisps of divine fire was nothing in this resplendent land!

"One sea monster with seven wisps of divine fire and two with eight wisps. However, these are sea serpents, so they might have a lower value!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. With a wave of his arm, he stored all the sea monsters into the mother nest!

Wang Xian immediately devoured all the other sea monsters!

Buzz

When he reached the second level of the underground sea, there were many more sea monsters. Most of them were stronger than the ones above!

In less than half an hour, Wang Xian had collected more than 20 sea monsters with seven wisps of divine fire, including those with more than seven wisps!

Buzz

Wang Xian continued to fly in the underground sea. The dragon aura on his body spread out in a radius of 100 kilometers!

"Woo Woo!"

However, all of a sudden, when his dragon aura swept out, a low roar came from below!

"Master level!"

When Wang Xian heard this low roar, a solemn expression appeared on his face!

His gaze was fixed on the location below!

Under the inspection of the Dragon Eyes of the yin-yang and five elements, four aquamarine sea monsters that looked like seahorses were staring at him with cold eyes!

The might of a dragon could rule over weak aquatic creatures, but to those powerful creatures, this was a provocation!

Sensing Wang Xian's provocation, three eternal lord level sea monsters charged at him!

"This is the main sea monster of the Miao Ma God. It's also a level one eternal lord level sea monster!"

Wang Xian looked at the sea monster that was charging towards him and frowned slightly!

It wasn't that the three main sea monsters of the omen god level were very strong. It was just that the main sea monsters of the eternal master level would run away before they encountered a big crisis!

Sometimes, the danger instinct of living creatures was even stronger than that of humans. The main sea monsters of the eternal master level could only escape by killing them instantly!

"Let's give it a try. My current strength is only eight wisps of divine fire. I should be able to pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he stared at the three sea monsters with a vigilant look on his face!

"Woo Woo!"

The three sea monsters were not big in size. They were only ten meters in size. Their aquamarine bodies were flowing with water!

They had pieces of extremely sharp aquamarine scales!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and stood there without moving. His body was emitting the power of eight wisps of divine fire!

"Woo Woo!"

One of the main sea monsters increased its speed abruptly. An excited look shot out from its eyes!

Humans had strong blood and Qi. They were the favorite food of the sea monsters!

"Woo Woo!"

The other two main sea monsters saw their companion increasing his speed abruptly. The other two growled in dissatisfaction and also increased their speed immediately!