Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2247: 2247 caught them all in one go

"Woo Woo!"

The three sea monsters stared at Wang Xian furiously!

They had already treated Wang Xian as a prey!

From the aura that Wang Xian had unleashed earlier, they could roughly sense it!

This human was easy to bully and could be eaten!

Wang Xian stared at the sea monsters that were charging at him and didn't take any action!

He slowly gathered his strength and prepared to kill the three main sea monsters in one move!

"Woo Woo!"

At this moment, the main sea monster that was at the forefront of the group opened its ghastly mouth. The teeth in its mouth were blood-red in color. It looked like they were filled with blood!

Buzz

Seeing the three main sea monsters enter a range of 1,000 meters, Wang Xian moved his arm in the next moment!

He stretched out his arm and instantly transformed it into a dragon claw. The gigantic dragon claw covered the entire main sea monster!

The destructive energy contained in the dragon claw caused the seawater in the Dragon Claw to boil!

"Roar! Roar!"

Wang Xian's sudden burst of strength caused the main sea monster to reveal a look of fear!

This sudden burst of strength was sufficient to fight against a level four main sea monster!

They could be killed in an instant!

The threat of death enveloped the three main sea monsters of the omen God level. Their faces revealed a terrified expression!

"Bang!"

However, in the next moment, a terrifying dragon claw landed on the body of the main sea monster of the omen god level at the front. In an instant, the body of the main sea monster of the omen God level began to collapse!

"Roar!"

A shrill scream came from his mouth. The main sea monster of the Omen God level revealed a terrified expression!

"Roar! Roar!"

The other two sea monsters of the eternal lord level at the back were extremely terrified. Their figures were flickering!

"Trying to escape?"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold expression. His arm suddenly accelerated!

"Bang!"

The Dragon Claw landed on the body of a sea monster with a flickering body. Large chunks of flesh and blood were caught in his hand!

"Huh?"

However, the next moment, the two sea monsters of the Eternal Lord disappeared instantly. One of them had more than half of its body caught in Wang Xian's hand!

However, even though more than half of its body was captured, it still managed to escape!

With the regenerative ability of the eternal lord, it would be able to fully recover within ten days to half a month!

"Damn it, there's only one left. These eternal lord level sea monsters are all spiritual beings!"

Wang Xian looked at the flesh and blood in his hands and a corpse beside him. His expression was a little ugly!

He instantly killed one main sea monster and two escaped!

It was too difficult to kill an eternal lord-level creature!

"Moreover, these sea monsters of the eternal lord-level would run away whenever they were in danger. Now, it's difficult for me to kill them, let alone tame them!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he looked at the corpse beside him!

He turned into a dragon head and devoured the main sea monster of the ancient horse God. He looked at the other half of the corpse and hesitated for a moment!

"Let's check it out!"

Wang Xian moved his arm and drew two formations in front of him!

They were connected by blood!

A mirror image! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Buzz

The two formations went down and soon, an image appeared in Wang Xian's vision!

This was a part of the underground sea!

This was a very strange place. The top part of the place was filled with soil and many aquatic plants were hanging below!

In the image, there was a row of caves located there. As for how many there were, Wang Xian didn't know!

"This is?"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. His eyes were sparkling!

The Lair of the sea monsters!

Furthermore, it was the lair of a group of sea monsters!

Regardless of whether it was the human eternal God or the sea monsters'Eternal God, they would hide their eternal kingdom in a safe place!

As long as their eternal kingdom wasn't found, once they hid, they wouldn't be able to kill them!

The Eternal God Lord would place his God country in a safe and hidden place, the Undying Emperor was even more powerful!

The Undying Emperor could open up a dimension space, hence it was even harder for them to find his undying God country!

The nest of the horse god Lord Sea Monsters was obviously very safe too, and this was a small race's Nest!

"It's about a hundred million kilometers away from me. It's not too far away, and this place should be..."

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

The place shown in the mirror should be beneath the natural selection continent!

The underground sea was located beneath the natural selection continent, and those hanging seaweed should be the lair of the sea monsters!

According to the information, the strength of the sea monster of the Lord of the rolling horse God should not exceed level two of the lord of the Eternal God. Even if there are dozens or hundreds of them in a tribe, I can still kill them

Wang Xian pondered in his heart!

Should I go and take a look?

As long as I reach their lair and their eternal kingdom is there, they wouldn't be able to escape at all!

"I'll go and take a look. If there's any danger, I'll escape immediately!"

Wang Xian made up his mind!

He moved his body and flew towards the south according to the Blood Connection Formation!

That was the area below the land mass of the Tianze continent!

The distance of 100 million kilometers was neither too close nor too far. With his speed, it would only take him 20 minutes if he didn't teleport!

Very soon, a line that seemed to separate the land from the sea appeared in Wang Xian's line of sight!

This place was about 20 million kilometers away from the ground!

It was below the continental plate!

Wang Xian stared ahead. Under the continent, there were seaweed floating in the air. There were also some strange corals that were emitting light!

This caused other colors to appear on the pitch-black seabed!

"I still need to go about 20 million kilometers deeper!"

Wang Xian stared ahead. This area could be considered as the real underground sea area. Compared to this area, the area he was in just now was safer!

Once he encountered danger here, it would be difficult for him to escape!

"I'm comparable to a god Lord who has mastered four laws and a sea monster who is comparable to an eternal god Lord of level four. As long as My Luck isn't too bad here, it shouldn't be a problem!"

Wang Xian moved slightly and concealed his figure as he flew forward!

The Dragon Eyes of the yin-yang and five elements were constantly vigilant of everything around him!

He didn't dare to get too close to the continental plate above him. Instead, he was located about 50 kilometers below him!

As he kept walking forward, the occasional roars of the sea monsters could be heard from his surroundings!

Wang Xian didn't dare to fly at full speed!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

All of a sudden, streams of black energy that looked like poisonous arrows shot towards Wang Xian from the sky!

The dense number of poisonous arrows covered an area of a few hundred kilometers!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. He immediately raised his head!

The surroundings of his body were instantly enveloped by the yin and yang poles!

In the sky, countless terrifying black poisonous arrows were aimed at him. At the center, an ice-cold sea snake with a triangular head swooped down!

"A level three sea monster!"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted. The Taiji pattern around him spun and slowly covered the countless poisonous arrows!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The poisonous arrows landed on the Taiji pattern and produced a sound of collision. However, the poisonous arrows didn't dissipate completely. Instead, they turned into a dark green poisonous fog!

The area within a few hundred kilometers was instantly covered by this dark green poisonous fog!