Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2248: 2248 made a huge profit

"This is a poisonous fog. What a strong poison!"

In the underground sea, Wang Xian sensed the poisonous fog around him. A solemn expression appeared on his face!

The poisonous fog even corroded the surrounding seawater. The entire area seemed to be a terrifying space!

"HMPH!"

Wang Xian snorted coldly. The Taiji diagram floated around him and completely enveloped him, blocking the poisonous fog around him!

He looked at the triangular-headed sea snake in the sky!

Buzz

"Five Elements Millstone: Golden Sand Storm!"

Wang Xian growled and the five elements millstone appeared in the sky above him. In an instant, a terrifying array formation burst out from the five elements Millstone!

Golden Sand Storm was a level three array formation of the Eternal Lord. Once the array formation was set up, it could fight against level four eternal Lord Creatures!

The Five Elements Millstone was now used by Wang Xian as a formation compass. He had set up five formations of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth on it!

The formation compass had the greatest advantage of using energy to form a formation during a battle. That was, it could be released immediately!

This was similar to the moves of other experts. With a wave of his arm, he could release it!

Many Formation Masters would bring along a few formation compasses. This was because if a sudden battle broke out, the formation master would not be able to react in time!

Although Formation Masters were strong, there was a prerequisite. They had to set up a formation. It would take some time to set up a formation!

During this period of time, it was easy to be ambushed and killed!

Wang Xian had gathered five formations on the Five Elements Millstone. This could allow the five elements millstone to unleash an even more terrifying attack power!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The moment the golden sand storm formation erupted, the surrounding area within a few thousand kilometers was covered by a golden sand sea. The golden sand contained a terrifying penetrating force as it attacked the triangular-headed sea snake!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The speed of the golden sand storm was ten times faster than that of the triangular-headed sea snake. In an instant, drops of golden sand arrived in front of the triangular-headed sea snake!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

The triangular-headed sea snake spat out a long tongue. The black mucus on it corroded the golden sand!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

However, very soon, the triangular-headed sea snake revealed a look of panic in its cold triangular eyes!

Buzz

In the next moment, Wang Xian's terrifying dragon claw clawed at him!

Chirp! Chirp

An extremely urgent sound came from its mouth. Its figure started to turn illusory!

PFFT

The Dragon Claw swung over. Wang Xian was holding a five-meter-long snake head in his hand!

Meanwhile, the body of the triangular-headed sea snake had disappeared!

"It escaped again!"

Wang Xian grabbed the head of the snake and shook his head helplessly!

This was the terrifying and tenacious vitality of the eternal lord. As long as he could escape with a body, a piece of flesh, or even a drop of fresh blood, he would not die!

Although the head of the triangular-headed sea snake was cut off by Wang Xian, it was not dead. It was just severely injured!

With its recovery ability, it would be able to recover completely in a few years!

"However, this head is equivalent to a level one corpse of an eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian turned into a dragon head and devoured it directly!

The surrounding space was still filled with poison. With a move of his body, he stepped out of this space!

Raising his head and looking at the land above, Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

This place was a little dangerous. Some powerful sea monsters would set up an ambush here!

Those who were weaker or were not careful would have the chance to die here!

Wang Xian showed a hesitant look. His strength was still a little weak. It was not very safe here!

I will be safer when I truly break through to the realm of the Eternal Lord

He thought to himself. When he reached the realm of the Eternal Lord, he would be able to return to the Dragon Palace in an instant. His survival would be increased by dozens of times! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Be careful. If I can't, I'll leave immediately

Wang Xian thought to himself as he continued to fly forward!

This time, he was even more careful than before. Especially the position above him, he was constantly on alert!

In the next ten million kilometers, Wang Xian encountered two more attacks. However, the sea monster that attacked him was not very strong!

One of the sea monsters, a level one eternal lord, was killed by Wang Xian!

"We're Here!"

The journey that took about ten minutes took Wang Xian more than an hour. A notification came from the blood connection formation. Wang Xian looked forward!

The sky was covered by seaweed. It was so dense that he couldn't see anything at a glance!

However, under the sweeping gaze of the yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes, Wang Xian saw many holes in the seaweed!

It was very secretive. Ordinary sea monsters and humans that were at level four or five of the Master of Eternal God might not even be able to discover it!

Sea Monsters also had their own eternal kingdom. However, they were not called eternal kingdom but nests!

"There are more than twenty nests. Could it be that there are more than twenty Master of Miao Ma Sea Monsters in there?"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up. He did not fly over rashly to attack. Instead, he checked his surroundings!

"Set up a formation and kill them all in one go!"

There were no other nests or other creatures in the surroundings. It was likely that this was the territory of the main sea monster of the Miao Ma God. The other sea monsters wouldn't dare to come over!

Wang Xian took out the five elements millstone and waved his arm!

Buzz

On the five elements millstone, the water elemental divine dragon trembled slightly. Streams of aquamarine water elemental energy spread out in all directions!

The water elemental energy was like a curtain in the sky, forming a water curtain space!

"Roar! Roar!"

The moment the five elements millstone started to move, low roars were heard from the twenty over nests in the sky!

"Yin-yang diagram, seal the path!"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up with excitement. With a wave of his arm, the power of the yin and yang poles spread out in the surroundings, sealing off the area of more than 10,000 kilometers!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the power of the Yin and yang poles erupted, the Chief Sea Monsters of the Miao Ma God in the 20-odd nests also erupted completely!

An incomparably violent roar came from within!

Following that, Wang Xian saw 25 Chief Sea Monsters of the Miao Ma God appearing in front of the nest!

"Ta ta ta!"

The Chief Sea Monsters of the Miao Ma God in the largest nest in the center stepped on the water with their hooves, emitting waves of ripples!

Soon, all the Lord of the Miao Ma Sea Monster stepped on the water with both of its hooves!

Boom! Boom! Boom

It was as if a huge earthquake had occurred in the entire sea area. Waves of seawater surged violently from the bottom of the sea and attacked the sky screen of the formation!

"This time, where do you think you are going to escape to?"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold look. He transformed into the body of a divine dragon and dashed toward the 25 lord of the Miao Ma Sea Monsters while swaying his huge body!

The strongest sea monster of the master of the flowing horses was at level two of the Eternal Celestial Master. He could easily suppress it!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

A dragon roar came out from his mouth. At the same time, he unleashed all of his strength!

The dragon's might was overwhelming. The surging seawater flowed backward towards the group of Sea Monsters of the master of the flowing horses!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The overwhelming Dragon's might caused the group of Sea Monsters of the master of the flowing horses to panic. They shook their bodies uneasily!

The central eternal God Lord rank 2 horse god Lord attacked Wang Xian restlessly!