Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2249: 2249 made a huge profit

Boom! Boom! Boom

The second-level master Eternal Celestial Being's main sea monster was charging towards him. Behind him, the second-level master eternal Celestial Being's main sea monster did not hesitate at all!

This was their lair. Even if they wanted to escape, there was nowhere for them to escape!

"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Wang Xian saw 25 second-level master eternal Celestial Being's main sea monsters charging towards him. His dragon tail swept towards them!

The continuous sounds of collisions rang out. The group of Level 2 Eternal Celestial Master level sea monsters had no ability to resist at all. They were sent flying at an even faster speed!

Their attacks couldn't even break through Wang Xian's defense!

"Five elements restraint!"

Wang Xian moved his body and streams of energy were directed at the 20 Sea Monsters!

Due to the suppression of their strength, the sea monsters didn't have much strength to resist!

"Awoo! awoo! Awoo!"

A series of terrified sounds came from the mouth of the sea monsters. All of them were extremely flustered!

Among them, there were two sea monsters that were escaping into their lair!

"Hualala!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the grayish chains wrapped around all of them!

"Trying to escape!"

The corner of his mouth curled up slightly, and his eyes were filled with excitement!

Among the 25 sea monsters, three of them had reached the second level of the Eternal Lord. If Wang Xian were to devour them immediately, his level would increase immediately!

However, he did not do so!

Boom! Boom! Boom Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Waves of majestic dragon might suppressed them, causing the sea monsters to tremble!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

They looked at Wang Xian in fear and begging for mercy. Their eyes were filled with respect and fear!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

Wang Xian flew to their side and waved his dragon claws. The powerful force caused them to tremble slightly!

It might be difficult for others to become a Beast Tamer, but it wasn't difficult for Wang Xian!

He suppressed them with his dragon might and Divine Dragon's blood and tamed them with his beast taming technique!

With Wang Xian's strength, it wasn't too difficult for him to tame the desolate beast sea monsters that were weaker than him. Furthermore, his speed was very fast!

"Roar!"

After dripping the blood that contained the power of the Divine Dragon, half an hour later, the main sea monster of the omen god in front of it let out a weak growl!

Wang Xian did the same thing. He used ten hours to tame all twenty-five divine beasts of the Omen God!

"Phew, the harvest is not bad. I can make a huge profit!"

Wang Xian stared at the twenty-five divine beasts in front of him. His eyes were burning with excitement!

If he sold these divine beasts, he could ignite nine wisps of divine fire. He wouldn't be too far away from reaching the level of eternal Lord!

"Oh right, there's also their lair!"

Wang Xian moved his body and looked at the more than twenty caves above him!

He moved his body and immediately flew into the holes one by one!

"This is? Primordial water? Primordial water of the Eternal Lord Level!"

"These are the bones of the other sea monsters. There are three of them that are of the eternal lord level. These bones can be used to forge divine weapons, or even eternal divine weapons!"

"Eh, there are also Baby Sea Monsters of the Master of the rolling horse God. There are seven of them in total. Haha, I'm Rich!"

After entering the nest of the master of the flowing horse God, Wang Xian quickly found many treasures. Other than that, there were seven Baby Sea Monsters of the Master of the Flowing Horse God!

Although the value of these babies was not as high as those tamed sea monsters of the Master of the flowing horse God, they were still worth a lot!

Other than that, there was also an eternal elixir which was also worth a lot!

"Bring your nest into the mother nest!"

After Wang Xian had plundered all the good stuff, he ordered the group of Sea Monsters!

Sea monsters were the natural enemies of humans in this dazzling place. They had no intelligence and were bloodthirsty. Not only did they kill each other, they also liked to devour human powerhouses!

Although Wang Xian belonged to the Divine Dragon clan and the aquatic clan, he did not have any qualms about this kind of wild aquatic clan!

There was a saying in the competition between the water tribe creatures. The bigger fish would eat the smaller fish. It was a battle that was far more intense than that of humans!

"Let's go back and improve my strength first!"

Wang Xian did not stay here. He immediately flew out!

This area was still too dangerous. Even if Wang Xian was careless, he would die!

This was only the second level of the underground sea. There were ten levels in the entire underground sea!

The deeper one went, the stronger the sea monsters became. The sea monsters in the entire Tianze continent were stronger than humans!

If it wasn't for the fact that the subterranean sea was more suitable for them to survive, the natural selection continent might have already been destroyed!

The recent tens of millions of years had been slightly better. Humans had switched from technology to cultivation and were getting stronger and stronger!

Wang Xian's speed was very fast. Whenever he encountered an attack, he would immediately dodge it. He didn't stay for long!

Along the way, Wang Xian encountered a few waves of humans who came to the underground sea for an adventure. Some of them were experts at the level of the eternal lord while some of them were weak!

Splash

Wang Xian rushed out of the water and flew straight into the sky. Only then did he let down his guard!

It was much safer on the surface of the sea. He could see some cruise ships on the sea and flying cars and airplanes in the sky!

Wang Xian flew into the sky and took out his artificial intelligence. A smile appeared on his face!

Now, he was going to sell the chief sea monster of the Miao Ma God!

The Chief Sea Monster of the Miao Ma God was not very big. It was about 10 meters in size and had the water attribute. It had reached the level of an eternal God. Their combat strength was not too big in the sea and the ground. It was just that they were closer to the sea!

Such a pet mount was the ideal combat partner for many people

"Tian Hai Island, Pet Egg, Beast Taming Shop!"

Very soon, Wang Xian found information one by one!

The Heaven's choice continent was considered a relatively good continent in the entire bright world and the greater world. There was an immortal god King overseeing it!

Most of the planet continents were not as prosperous as the Tian Ze continent!

The Tian Hai Island was an island in the northern waters of the Xuan Tian territory. At the same time, it was also one of the most prosperous trading grounds in the Xuan Tian Territory!

The entire island covered an area of 1,000 km!

People who entered the underground sea to search for treasures and hunt sea monsters would usually pass by here!

Over time, a large number of people gathered here to trade. After a million years, it had become a separate trading area!

Even people from other parts of the Tianze continent would come here to buy or sell items!

There were pet eggs and beast taming shops here!

As a continent with a population of 700 to 800 billion people, there were thousands of beast tamers in the entire continent even though Beast Tamers were extremely rare!

Naturally, there were beast taming shops too!

"Let's go to those beast taming shops and take a look. If I can sell it to them, it will save me a lot of trouble!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew towards the Tianhai Island according to the navigation of the AI!

Selling it directly to the pet shops and the Beast Tamers would save him a lot of time. As long as the price was not too low, Wang Xian would sell it!

At the same time, he also wanted to check out the market!

The Tianhai Island was not too far away from the northern coast of the Xuantian Academy. After flying for more than two hours, Wang Xian saw a huge island!

The entire island was neatly divided into five zones. There were divine herbs, pills, weapons, formations, cultivation techniques, and the central core zone. It was also known as the precious items zone!