Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2250: 2250 for cooperation. Are you qualified? Go

"Let's go to the central area!"

Wang Xian entered the entrance of the Tianhai Island and headed straight for the central area! Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

There was a rule in the central area that the value of the items sold could not be lower than six wisps of divine fire.

The value of pet eggs and tamed pets was relatively high!

The entire Tianhai Island was very large. Even the Central Street was a thousand meters wide!

There were many luxurious shops on both sides!

When Wang Xian entered the divine fire in the central area, the surroundings became even more luxurious!

There were transparent glass windows and the storefronts of the shops were slightly sci-fi!

The luxurious interior could be seen from the outside!

Every shop was emitting a powerful energy!

There were many people on the road. Many of them were driving luxury sports cars!

Although there were many cars, it wouldn't be crowded. A car was directly stored in his interspatial ring!

Wang Xian walked on the road. His walking speed was much slower. However, he wasn't in a hurry. He walked around and looked at some other items!

There were humans and other intelligent races on the road. It was an eye-opener for Wang Xian!

"There's a pet shop ahead!"

After walking for more than ten hours, Wang Xian saw a pet shop!

The pet shop was called the Neon Pet Shop. It was a somewhat dreamy name!

The entire pet shop was decorated in a dreamy manner. The pink lights inside looked a little out of the ordinary!

Wang Xian entered the shop and just as he stepped into the door, he felt a light sweeping across his entire body!

He felt as though he was being spied on!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and looked to the side!

"Welcome. May I know what kind of pets you are buying? Are they for your friends or for yourself?"

Soon, a young and beautiful girl walked in and asked with a smile!

"Take a look!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently!

"Alright, please take a look. All the pets here are rare breeds and they are very beautiful!"

The beautiful waitress introduced the pets to Wang Xian. Wang Xian took a quick glance at them and left immediately!

They were all fancy pets. Although they were at the godly state level, they were basically docile pets. They were similar to domestic kittens and puppies!

Wang Xian did not stay any longer and left immediately!

Not only were they expensive, but they were also pets that he admired!

After leaving the shop, Wang Xian checked the AI and continued walking forward!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

At this moment, a series of booming sounds came from the front!

The sound was not a battle, but a firecracker!

Wang Xian looked ahead. Beside a big shop, flowers were placed in a festive manner!

This shop was much bigger than the surrounding shops. It occupied an area of at least 10,000 square meters. The entire shop was decorated extremely luxuriously!

This was a newly opened shop!

The most eye-catching part was the two lions in front of the shop. Each of the Lions was 20 meters in size. They were lying on the ground, exuding a majestic aura!

The two lions were comparable to the gods with nine wisps of divine fire!

"House of War Beasts!"

This was the name of the shop. At this moment, many people in the surrounding rushed into the shop!

"There are god-level pets and such a precious war beast!"

"Are you serious? There are god-level pets in this shop. There aren't many of them in the mysterious Sky Territory!"

"Why would I lie to You? I heard that this shop is jointly opened by more than ten Beast Tamers. There are Master Beast Tamers behind them!"

Voices of discussion rang out one after another. Wang Xian's eyes flashed with interest!

He immediately walked over and looked at the entrance of the shop!

The style of the shop was slightly different from the surroundings. It had an ancient European style!

"No entry below six wisps of divine fire. If you want to enter, take out 100,000 divine stones!"

"Today is the first day of the shop's official opening. There are no ornamental pets sold in the shop. All of them are war pets. The lowest five wisps of divine fire pets and the highest level two pets of the eternal God Lord!"

"In addition, there are also many pets that have been tamed. You can cultivate their senses directly and become intimate war pets!"

A voice was heard as he approached the shop!

Wang Xian walked into the shop. When he entered the shop, the feeling of being investigated came again!

He took a glance and figured that it must be a kind of detector installed in all the shops!

"Senior, may I know if you wish to purchase a war pet?"

At this moment, among the more than ten people who came in with Wang Xian, a waiter immediately walked toward a middle-aged man. She spoke with a warm expression!

"HMM?"

Wang Xian looked over and immediately sensed that middle-aged man who was at the level of the Eternal Lord!

What was the use of the detector at the entrance of the shop?

Wang Xian thought to himself!

A god-level powerhouse was considered ordinary here. However, an eternal lord-level powerhouse could definitely be called a powerhouse!

There was a huge gap between a god-level powerhouse and an eternal lord-level powerhouse!

Although Wang Xian's strength could be comparable to a level four eternal lord-level powerhouse, no one would be able to tell unless he unleashed his strength!

Upon entering, Wang Xian realized that there were many rooms inside. The transparent glass room was very large, and there were many war pets lying on the ground!

"This house of war pets is completely incomparable to the neon pet shop. It can indeed be called a war beast!"

There were a total of 50 to 60 war pets in the huge shop. The lowest level was five wisps of divine fire!

There were cubs and tamed adult war pets!

"The price is about the same as the group of young men I saved. It might even be more expensive!"

Wang Xian looked at the prices of some war pets!

However, the pets in the house of warbeasts were still ordinary in Wang Xian's eyes!

"There are actually ten level 1 and Level 2 eternal lord level pets upstairs. Oh My God, this house of warpets is too powerful. There are actually so many powerful pets!"

"Eternal lord level pets are usually auctioned at the auction. I didn't expect there to be a total of ten of them here!"

At this moment, an incredulous voice was heard from the surroundings, causing many people in the shop to be shocked!

Wang Xian also raised his eyebrows slightly!

"If you want to go up to the second floor, you will need the strength of an eternal master level or a million divine stones!"

A waiter in the shop reminded him!

Some of the eternal master level powerhouses couldn't help but walk towards the second floor!

As many people had said, such powerful war pets could only be seen in the auction house!

This house of Warbeasts was not simple!

"This beauty, could you please call your manager? I want to discuss a collaboration with your boss!"

When Wang Xian heard the exclamations and discussions around him, his eyes flickered. He walked to a waiter and said!

"Huh?"

The waiter who was called by Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He sized him up with a face full of astonishment!

"This... our boss and the rest are outside. Why Don't you go and look for our boss?"

The female waiter hesitated for a moment and said to him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and walked straight out!

"You still want to negotiate with our boss even though you haven't reached the level of a god Lord. Do you think that everyone is as outstanding as our boss and the rest?"

Seeing Wang Xian really walking over, the waitress muttered softly!