Chapter 2251: 2251, are you qualified to talk about cooperation? Yes

Wang Xian could hear the muttering of the waiter clearly!

Hearing her words, the corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. It was very beneficial for them to be able to choose to cooperate with the House of Warbeasts!

If it wasn't for the fact that he was afraid of trouble, he could have opened a shop himself!

"Hehe, once we open this house of warbeasts, only the divine pet pavilion can compete with us in the entire Sky Sea Island in the future!"

"There are more than ten Beast Tamers and a Master Beast Tamer behind the Pet God Pavilion. Compared to us, they are far inferior!"

"Haha, in the future, when the entire sky sea island purchases warbeasts, they will definitely come to our place first!"

"We have to thank master and the others for their support. Otherwise, it would be a little difficult for us to get god-level pets!"

"Now that brother Feng has ignited nine wisps of divine fire, our beast taming skills have improved greatly. With brother Feng holding the fort, the house of Warbeasts will be incomparably powerful!"

Wang Xian walked towards the entrance of the shop. He saw a few young men standing there proudly and chatting excitedly!

Beside them, more than a dozen waiters and small leaders dressed in the uniform of the shop stood at the side respectfully!

Wang Xian adjusted his clothes and walked over immediately!

"Everyone, you guys are the owners of the House of warbeasts, right? I would like to discuss a collaboration with you guys!"

He walked straight over and spoke to the group of young men!

"Huh?"

The group of young men who were talking were slightly stunned. They turned around and looked at Wang Xian!

The managers of the house of warbeasts were also slightly stunned!

"Little brother, do you have a collaboration with our house of Warbeasts? If it's a small business, you can tell me directly!"

A middle-aged man walked over and said to Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

The young men sized him up and didn't say a word!

After entering their house of warbeasts, as long as one had reached the level of the eternal lord, there would be a waiter serving them one-on-one! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Wang Xian came in alone. It was obvious that he had not reached the level of the eternal God Lord. How could they talk about cooperation?

They really did not take it to heart!

It was not that they were arrogant. If they had not reached the level of the eternal God Lord, they could not be considered as experts. They did not have much resources!

"I think it's better to talk to the bosses. My cooperation might be bigger!"

Wang Xian did not take their attitude to heart and continued talking!

"Oh? What kind of cooperation do you want to talk about?"

A young man saw that Wang Xian still wanted to talk to them and asked with a smile!

"Pets. I wonder if your house of Warbeasts accepts pets?"

Wang Xian asked!

"HMM? Pets? Do you have pet eggs?"

The young man was interested!

"Pet cubs, Tamed Warbeasts!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked around and said, "If it's convenient, we can go to a separate area to talk!"

He had a lot of pets in his hands, but there were a lot of people around him, so it was not convenient for him to take out his pets!

"A Tamed War Beast?"

The young man revealed a look of surprise!

At this moment, a surprised voice sounded from outside.

"Eh! Some friends are here. HMM? Tianyuan Tianguang and the rest are here too!"

"Ke Zhiyan is here. She's actually here too. Let's go, Let's Go!"

At this moment, the excited voices of a few young men could be heard from the side!

"What?"

The young man who was conversing with Wang Xian turned his head and looked outside!

Not far away, 30 to 40 young men and women were walking towards them!

Among them, two young men and a girl were walking in the middle. The girl in the middle was wearing a white and blue dress. On her shoulder was a small blue fish with wings!

The small fish was emitting a bright blue light. It surrounded the girl and made her look even more otherworldly!

The small fish had six eyes. Although she had more eyes, she looked very beautiful!

The girl's beauty attracted the attention of many people!

"Let's Go!"

A few young men immediately went up to the thirty to forty people with smiles on their faces!

The young man who was talking to Wang Xian also followed him!

Seeing the group of people leaving directly in front of him, Wang Xian frowned slightly!

"Eh? Those seem to be the heaven's favorites of our Xuantian Academy!"

"I know that girl. She seems to be called Ke Zhiyan. She is the famous goddess of Xuantian Academy. Did you see the pet cub on her shoulder? It's a six-eyed flying fish. It's a god-level pet. It's very precious!"

"This house of war beasts seems to be opened by some prodigies of Xuantian Academy's Beast Taming School. Almost 90% of these prodigies can reach the level of eternal god-level!"

The discussions around them started again!

Wang Xian frowned and looked over!

"Not bad, Shi Zhengyang, Shangguan Zhehan, you guys actually opened such a powerful pet shop!"

At the front, Tianyuan and the rest looked at the huge shop in astonishment!

"Congratulations!"

KE Zhiyan smiled charmingly and said to them!

"Haha, Thank You for coming to support us. Let's go, we'll show you the biggest and most powerful pet eggs on Tianhai Island!"

Shangguan Zhehan who came up to them raised his head slightly and said with a smile!

"The biggest and most powerful? You're not proud at all!"

A few young men next to him said with a smile!

"Haha, We Have Ten God lord level cubs and war beasts here. Let's go, I'll show you!"

"I also hope that the senior and junior brothers will support us!"

Shi Zhengyang smiled slightly and also said with a big smile!

"Huh? Ten Eternal God Lord Level Cubs?"

Everyone was slightly stunned, and a trace of shock flashed in their eyes!

"Then we have to go and take a look!"

Ke Zhiyan's bright eyes flickered as she said with some anticipation!

"Goddess Zhiyan, welcome. If you like any battle beast, I'll give you a discount!"

Everyone laughed and led them into the shop!

Some of the people around looked over. The heavenly son of God of Xuantian Academy would be a big shot in the entire xuantian domain in the future!

People would pay attention to such a celebrity wherever he went!

"Everyone, I have some pets here. Do you have time to discuss a collaboration?"

Wang Xian saw them walking over. He hesitated for a moment and went up to greet them. Then, he said to the young man who was talking to him just now!

"Oh?"

The young man who was talking to Wang Xian just now was slightly stunned. A look of hesitation appeared on his face!

Ke Zhiyan, Tian Yuantian Gong, and the rest were stopped and looked over in confusion!

"If you have pets, our house of Warbeasts can buy them at a 10% discount on the market price. We can also send people to sell them here. However, we will also charge 10% !"

"This is also the price we will charge for pets in the future. It will be 0.5 points higher than the other shops. Alright, if you want to sell your pets, you can talk to the others in the shop. Excuse me!"

Shangguan Zhehan frowned slightly when he saw Wang Xian standing in front of him!

"This is an ordinary acquisition. I'm talking about cooperation!"

Wang Xian shook his head when he heard what he said!

"Cooperation?"

Shangguan Zhehan was stunned for a moment before he shook his head as well!

"You are not qualified to talk about cooperation. Let the elders in your family, who are at the level of the Eternal Lord, talk to us. Don't Disturb Our Time!"

He spoke with slight contempt and walked straight ahead!

He gently pushed Wang Xian who was standing in front of him with his arm and led the group of senior and Junior Brothers into the room!