Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2252: 2252, are you qualified to talk about cooperation

"Yes, Shangguan Zhehan. Only seniors at the level of the Eternal Lord are qualified to talk about cooperation with you. Very strong!"

In the shop of the House of warbeasts, Shangguan Zhehan led a group of young men and women into the shop!

When they heard what Shangguan Zhehan said to Wang Xian, they said with a smile on their faces!

"Haha, We Are In the war beast business. Only the strong and powerful Beast Tamers can obtain powerful war beasts!"

"Without reaching the level of a god Lord, how can there be any good war beasts? What qualifications do they have to cooperate with us!"

Shangguan Zhehan smiled nonchalantly!

Around him, Shi Zhengyang and the rest also nodded slightly!

Their house of Warbeasts had more than a dozen beast tamers, and they also had the help of their master!

The warbeasts and pets that they had prepared for the opening today could not be compared to any other house in the entire Tianhai Island!

Even the divine pet pavilion did not have as many powerful warbeasts and pets as they did!

If they wanted to talk about cooperation with them, they had to at least have the strength of an eternal God Lord!

Otherwise, you are not qualified!

"You are right. I really envy you. With this house of warbeasts, you can get more resources in the future and advance to the Eternal God Lord realm much faster than us!"

The young men who came to congratulate them nodded and said with slight envy!

This made Shangguan Zhehan and the others look proud and proud!

"Let's go, Zhiyan. I'll bring you guys to see the war beast pets of the eternal lord level. We have a baby of the eternal lord level two here!"

Some of the young men fawned over the girls in the middle as they walked straight to the second floor!

At the back, Wang Xian stood there in astonishment with a mocking look on his face!

"I don't have the qualifications?"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Little brother, if you want to sell your pets, you can talk to us. The boss and the rest are a little busy. Please Don't disturb our boss, we can handle it!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man walked to Wang Xian's side and said faintly!

A young man who had yet to reach the level of a god Lord. Not to mention that his boss didn't believe that he could have any powerful pets, even he didn't take it to heart!

If it wasn't for his work, he might not even bother with Wang Xian!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian chuckled and walked straight out!

"HMPH!"

Seeing how rude Wang Xian was, the middle-aged man frowned and snorted in dissatisfaction.

"Initially, I was thinking of cooperating with you guys. If you guys help me sell it, I can also help you guys gain fame. Now..."

Wang Xian walked out of the house of warbeasts. A cold glint flashed across his eyes as he scanned his surroundings!

"Why don't I Open my own shop? However, it will be a little more troublesome this way!"

"Forget it. If it's troublesome, so be it. At the very least, nothing else will happen. In the future, if the reputation of the shop starts to rise, I can totally sell it through the AI!"

"If it's troublesome, it will be a little more troublesome in the early stages. It might not take more than a few days!"

Wang Xian mumbled and walked straight to the opposite location!

It was unknown if it was a coincidence or his luck. There was an empty shop at the opposite location!

It was written on the shop: shop for rent. Contact via the AI!

Wang Xian walked to the opposite side. The interior of the shop was not very big. It was only about 1,000 square meters. This shop was considered a very ordinary small shop in the central area!

He took out the artificial intelligence system and immediately scanned the contact information on it!

Through the artificial intelligence system, Wang Xian waited there for five minutes!

The business of the House of warbeasts across the street was very good. There were many people gathered at the entrance. Some eternal masters who had rushed over after hearing the news entered with curiosity and anticipation!

"Although there are quite a number of eternal masters, they are much worse than the ones I have!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly!

"Sir, would you like to rent this shop?"

At this moment, a staff member from the Sky Sea Island walked over. He looked around with a smile and asked Wang Xian tentatively!

"Yes, I was the one who informed you. How much is the rent for this shop?"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Sir, this is the central area of the Sky Sea Island. The rent is relatively high!"

After chatting with the staff of the Tianhai Island, Wang Xian immediately paid the rental fee of 100,000 divine stones!

100,000 divine stones was not a small sum!

The grade of divine stones was much higher than spirit stones. In this bright land, divine stones were the currency of the greater world!

100,000 divine stones could buy a pet with six wisps of divine fire!

Wang Xian did not have divine stones, but he had some divine pills in his hands. They were also considered a common currency!

"If it weren't for you guys, we wouldn't have to go through so much trouble. You guys are really unlucky!"

Wang Xian looked at the location opposite him indifferently. He entered the shop and took a look around!

In the past, this shop sold clothes. Of course, they weren't ordinary clothes. Instead, they were clothes made from the skins and fur of sea monsters and wild beasts that were at the godly state or even the eternal divine lord level!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm!

A simple modification was very easy for Wang Xian. The use of the five elements energy would soon change the inside of the shop!

Wang Xian walked to the entrance of the shop and looked at the signboard on it!

Splash

He waved his arm to remove it and took out a piece of metal from his interspatial ring!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and placed the signboard on it. With a wave of his hand, four big words appeared on it!

Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

From the outside, the Dragon Palace's war pet shop looked ordinary. On the opposite side, it occupied an area of over 10,000 square meters and had the appearance of an ancient European luxurious building!

There were clusters of fresh flowers placed at the entrance. Compared to the two powerful lions on the left and right, the difference was dozens of times!

Wang Xian had set up the shop. It didn't have any special features nor was it eye-catching. Only passers-by could see some of it!

"It's pretty easy to attract people!"

Wang Xian revealed a look of confidence on his face. He entered the shop and released the main sea monsters from the mother nest one by one!

There were a total of 25 of them, including the seven pups. Fortunately, these main sea monsters weren't very big!

They were about 10 meters in size, and the height of the shop was very high. It was totally possible!

A few of the careful main sea monsters were much smaller. They were only about one to two meters in size, and they looked rather cute!

Other than these high-level ones, there were also some low-level sea monsters and war pets. There were more than a dozen sea snakes and sea turtles!

"The two of you, go to the entrance and attract customers!"

Wang Xian ordered the two sea monsters!

"Roar!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The two first-level eternal master-level sea monsters let out a low roar and obediently walked to the entrance of the shop and lay there!

"Holy Sh * t, these... These are the rank 1 Eternal Master Sea Monsters, Holy Sh * t, be careful!"

"Eh, that's not right, why are they lying here? These two sea monsters have been tamed, and the mature rank 1 eternal master sea monsters have been tamed?"

"Holy Sh * t, stay away, these are god-level sea monsters, Dragon Palace Battle Pets? What's going on? Are they battle pets sold in this pet shop?"

As soon as the two sea monsters walked out, more than ten passers-by broke out in cold sweat!

This was an eternal god-lord level sea monster in the Underground Sea!