Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2253: 2253 Dragon Palace’s war pets

As soon as they arrived, they saw two eternal god-level sea monsters walking out of the shop!

These people were not very strong. The highest among them had only lit five wisps of divine fire!

They almost wet their pants when they saw the eternal god-level sea monsters!

If not for the two sea monsters lying on the ground, they might have run away!

Now that they saw them lying quietly at the entrance of the shop, they looked at the shop behind the two eternal god-level war pets!

"Dragon Palace War Pets, this pet shop is so awesome. It has tamed two adult eternal god-level war pets and is lying at the entrance to attract customers!"

"There are only two nine divine fire war pets lying at the entrance of the House of warbeasts that just opened. This is a god-level pet shop. Is this shop even more awesome than the house of warbeasts across the street?"

"It's already very powerful for a pet shop to have a god-lord level pet shop. Let's go in and take a look!"

They hesitated for a moment and walked into the shop!

They carefully looked at the two sea monsters lying at the door. After seeing that they didn't make any movements, they walked to the door!

"This..."

When they got close to the shop, they felt a violent and violent aura coming from inside!

This made their expressions change slightly!

"This... This way!"

However, very soon, the people who came over widened their eyes and stared at the interior of the shop in disbelief!

The shop was not very big, so they could see a part of it standing at the door!

They saw many eternal god-level sea monsters lying inside. At a glance, there were at least a dozen of them!

And this was where they could see!

The terrifying aura and pressure in the shop made them tremble!

Those above the eternal God Lord Realm or three million divine stones could enter, but others were forbidden to enter!

At the entrance of the shop, there was a sign!

"This... There are many eternal god Lord ranked battle pets inside, and there's such a requirement. Only Eternal God Lord ranked or three million divine stones worth people can enter!"

"My goodness, when did this pet shop open? How could it be so powerful? How could there be so many war pets of the eternal lord rank in there!"

Shocked voices came from their mouths. They stood at the door and did not enter!

They were not qualified to enter, and they did not dare to enter!

However, this did not stop their curiosity and shock!

"This is the master sea monster of the rising horse God, and this is the master sea monster of the rising horse god that has been tamed. Hiss, when did such a powerful pet shop appear on this street!"

"There are two outside, look inside, there are at least a dozen of them. No, F * ck, look inside, there are still a few Master Sea Monsters of the rising horse God. Did they f * cking take down the nest of the master sea monster of the Rising Horse God?"

"This Dragon Palace's War Pet is too powerful. It's way more powerful than the house of Warbeasts!"

Soon, the two sea monsters of the coming horses attracted the attention of everyone who passed by. When they arrived at the entrance of the shop, they were even more dumbfounded!

The voices of discussion rang out. In less than three minutes, more than a hundred people gathered around the shop!

As time went by, more and more people gathered around the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

Some young people looked at the adult eternal God war pets with heated expressions. Some of them hesitated for a moment and began to contact their seniors!

Eternal God masters could be called experts. It was very difficult to fall at this level!

An eternal God master had a lifespan of one million years. With an eternal God master in the family, they could at least stay safe for hundreds of thousands of years!

It was not that easy to advance to the eternal God Lord level. There were hundreds of millions of people in the entire natural selection continent, but there were only 70,000 to 80,000 Eternal God lords!

70,000 to 80,000 eternal god Lord experts might seem like a lot, but according to the population, there might only be one eternal God lord out of 10,000,000 people!

It was very difficult to nurture an eternal god Lord Level Expert!

To be able to obtain an adult eternal god Lord level battle pet, the benefits were self-evident!

As time passed, more and more people gathered here. In less than ten minutes, more than a thousand people had gathered around!

"What's going on on the other side? Why did I hear someone say that there are 20 to 30 eternal god-level war pets there? No Way! It's a Lie!"

"There are two approaching horse god-level divine beasts lying on the other side of the door. There are 20 to 30 eternal god-level war pets in the Dragon Palace War pet shop that suddenly appeared!"

The house of War Beasts had just opened today, and it had been advertised for a long time. There were many people who came to their shop specially!

Many people didn't even enter the shop!

Now that they heard that there was a stronger pet shop across the street, some people didn't believe it at first! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

But later, when they noticed some strong people walking towards the shop, they had to believe it!

The distance of a thousand meters was not too far. Some of them could not help but go over and take a look!

Some of them also ordered their subordinates to go over and take a look!

The news spread very quickly. There were indeed 20 to 30 god-tier war pets in the dragon palace pet shop across the street!

And they were the Miao Ma Sea Monster!

The Miao ma sea monster was of water attribute and had a body size of about 10 meters. It was an ideal mount, especially when it entered the underground sea. It was extremely suitable!

After they received the news, there was an uproar. They immediately rushed to the opposite side!

"There's a price on the wall. It's a one-time price. You can stay in the shop for ten minutes at most. If you don't want to buy it, you can leave immediately!"

At this moment, Wang Xian was sitting on a chair in the shop with a pot of tea beside him!

He looked at the people who walked in and reminded them!

The few eternal lord-level powerhouses who had just entered were slightly stunned when they heard Wang Xian's words. They looked at Wang Xian who was sipping his tea at the side!

"You are the owner of this place!"

A middle-aged man asked with some doubt!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently and didn't say anything else!

"Three eternal lord-level second-level wild horse sea monsters, 22 eternal lord-level first-level wild horse sea monsters, and seven pups. They must have found the lair of the Wild Horse!"

"To be able to tame so many lord-level sea monsters, he must be a powerful Beast Tamer Master. May I know who he is?"

An old man looked around with a burning gaze and asked Wang Xian!

"If you don't want to buy, Get Out!"

Wang Xian spat out these five words coldly. He didn't have the time to exchange pleasantries with them.

There was no shortage of people who wanted to buy eternal lord-level battle pets. What was the point of talking so much with them?

"Huh?"

The old man was slightly stunned. His expression slowly turned ugly!

"Young man, don't be so arrogant. Didn't your Lord teach you to meet the Master of Eternal God..."

"Roar!"

The old man said with a bad expression. However, before he could finish his sentence, he immediately sensed that all the sea monsters surrounding the master of Eternal God had locked onto him completely!

A low roar came crashing over!

The old man's expression changed, and he quickly retreated outside!

"The rules and prices are written on the wall!"

Wang Xian looked at the other eternal masters who were on alert and reminded them lightly!