Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2254: 2254 Dragon Palace’s war pets

"The little boss here is so powerful. He left the shop without buying anything for ten minutes. Also, we don't accept divine stones. He only wants divine pills and corpses of the same level!"

"How can he sell more than thirty eternal lord-level war pets at one time without a backer? There's no shortage of people to buy these war pets. They can be sold out in two days at most. It's not surprising that he's so powerful!"

"However, the price of the battle pets in this shop is very suitable. It's much cheaper than the house of warbeasts across the street. At least 52 to 30 pills of the same level are needed there. Here, we only need 50 pills!"

In the shop, four to five eternal lord-level powerhouses brought a few people along. When they saw the scene just now and the price rules on the wall, they discussed in a low voice!

"Little brother, if you buy it, how about taming it?"

A middle-aged man stared at a sea monster with a hint of interest and said to Wang Xian!

"Taming the adult brambles gang. Raise the Cubs yourself!"

Wang Xian said to the middle-aged man!

"Alright, I want one. I wonder when will you help me tame it?"

The middle-aged man gritted his teeth and said!

"Ten percent of the deposit will be paid in eight hours. I'll keep this for you. I'll help you tame it in eight hours!"

Wang Xian thought for a moment and replied!

"Alright!"

The middle-aged man nodded and pointed to the one in front of him. "I'll take this one. Does his eternal kingdom still exist?"

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded and waved at the main sea monster of the Omen God. The omen god was lying in a corner of the room!

"HMM? Are You a Beast Tamer?"

The middle-aged man was astonished when he saw the chief sea monster of the Eternal Celestial Master listening to Wang Xian's words!

Such a young man didn't look like a Beast Tamer no matter how he looked at it!

To be able to tame the chief sea monster of the Eternal Celestial Master Level 2, one had to have at least the strength of an eternal level 3. In other words, one had to master three laws!

Furthermore, he had to master the art of Beast Taming. It was much more difficult than the training of an array formation master!

Such a young man was a beast taming master. If he didn't believe that he had mastered three laws, the others wouldn't believe it either!

"If you want to wait, you can go upstairs and sit down!"

Wang Xian didn't answer him. Instead, he pointed upstairs!

"I need to exchange for some divine pills!"

The middle-aged man saw that he didn't answer and didn't ask any more questions. He took out the divine pills and handed them to Wang Xian before walking out!

Since he was able to open such a pet shop, he wouldn't be greedy for five divine pills of the first level of the Eternal Lord!

"Three second level eternal Lord, 22 first level Eternal Lord, seven first level eternal Lord Cubs, 50 pills of the same level when they reach adulthood. The Cubs need 10!"

After the middle-aged man left the shop, the people outside also received the news and knew the price of the Dragon Palace War Pets!

When the price was announced, many people around were stunned!

"This price is much cheaper than the war beast house across the street, and most importantly, there are 25 adult war pets of the eternal God Lord Level!"

"A total suppression! There are 10 Eternal God lords in the War Beast House, but only four adult war pets, and one of them is a snake!"

Discussions broke out!

When the House of Warbeasts opened just now, it was announced that it was very old, and it even opened the number one pet shop on sky-sea Island!

Now that this Dragon Palace War pet suddenly appeared, people naturally compared it!

The difference was too big!

Not only the quality of the war pet, even the price could not compare to the Dragon Palace War Pet!

Even a fool knew where to buy a war pet!

The discussions continued, and more and more people gathered around!

At the opposite house of warbeasts, some staff members also noticed the situation, but they didn't know what was happening here!

"Congratulations, Senior Sun, this pet cub is given to your child. It will definitely grow up together with your child!"

"When Senior Sun's child reaches the eternal God Lord Realm, this cub will also reach the eternal God Lord Realm!"

Right at this moment, a burly middle-aged woman and a child walked out of the door of the House of warbeasts!

The store manager of the House of Warbeasts followed behind with a face full of enthusiasm and flattery!

"Haha, Good, good. In the future, if you have a suitable war pet, let me know!"

The burly middle-aged man laughed and said loudly!

"Of course, of course. The warbeasts produced by our house of Warbeasts are absolutely the best and most comprehensive. Senior Sun is welcome to visit us in the future!"

The store manager said respectfully and enthusiastically. The person in front of him was a big customer!

There had been many experts in the family for several generations. This time, they directly bought a level 1 eternal God Lord Cub for their son. It was so enviable!

"Oh? An expert bought a warbeast from the House of warbeasts? And it's an eternal god Lord Level One. That's not wise. The house of Warbeasts is much more expensive than the other side!"

"Exactly. That's a bit of a sucker. Besides, I think the baby sea monster of the Lord of the approaching horse god is quite suitable to be a mount. It's extremely cool and has an advantage when entering the underground sea!"

"This expert might not know, but he's been killed!"

The few of them walked out of the shop under the respectful hospitality of the store manager and the waiter of the House of War Beasts, attracting the attention of some people!

Hearing their conversation, some of the people around looked at the burly middle-aged man, looking like he was a sucker!

"Huh?"

The burly middle-aged man had comprehended three laws, so how could the discussions around him escape his ears!

Hearing their discussions, he frowned slightly!

"What's the high price? Is there a pet shop across the street selling the baby sea monster of the Divine Horse God Lord?"

He stared at a young man not far away and asked with a hint of imposing manner!

"Senior... Senior!"

The young man who was being stared at changed his face slightly and immediately called out respectfully!

"Senior, there is indeed a pet shop across the street called Dragon Palace War Pets. They have twenty to thirty war pets of the Eternal God Lord Level, and the price is..." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He immediately said. When he talked about the price, he looked at the manager of the House of warbeasts and said, "The price is much cheaper than the house of warbeasts!"

"Much cheaper? 20 to 30 eternal God Lord Level War Pets?"

The burly middle-aged man widened his eyes!

"Nonsense, which pet shop in the entire Sky Sea island can be compared to Our House of warbeasts? I'm warning you, don't spread rumors and frame us here, or don't Blame Our House of Warbeasts for not being polite!"

When the shop manager of the House of Warbeasts heard his words, an angry expression appeared on his face as he stared at him and said coldly!

"I... I didn't spread rumors and frame you. If you don't believe me, you can ask the people around you!"

When the young man saw the fierce shop manager of the House of warbeasts, he raised his head and said angrily!

"That's right, senior, you'll know when you go to the opposite side!"

"The opposite side is indeed cheaper than you, and there are more eternal God lords than you!"

Some people around immediately echoed!

This caused the store manager's expression to change, and he looked at the opposite side in disbelief!

There were over a thousand people gathered at the opposite side, and it was obviously not groundless!

"Let's go over!"

The burly middle-aged man said to his wife and son with a gloomy face, and walked straight ahead!