Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2255: 2255 was about to go out of business when it opened? Go

"I heard that several seniors have bought war pets. This is an eternal god Lord Level One!"

"The horse god Lord Sea Monster is more suitable as a mount. Some experts are also envious of it. If I have money, I will buy one too!"

"The threshold of this Dragon Palace War Pet is too high. The Eternal God Lord Level is three million divine stones, and I heard that it can only stay in the shop for ten minutes. If you don't buy it, hurry up and leave. It's really awesome!"

The burly middle-aged man led his family over and listened to the discussions around him. He slowly frowned!

He released his aura, and everyone gathered in front of him was slightly shocked!

"A senior is coming!"

The faces of all the people blocking the shop changed slightly, and they hurriedly made way!

Behind the burly middle-aged man's family, the manager of the House of War Beasts also followed. At this moment, his face was a bit ugly!

Especially when he heard the discussions of the people around him, his heart sank. He had a bad premonition!

After entering the entrance of the store, the burly middle-aged man swept his gaze past the two eternal God Lord Rank 1 sea monsters lying quietly at the side. Then, he walked straight into the store!

After looking at the notification at the entrance, he looked inside!

The store was not big. There were more than a dozen people inside. They were not all eternal god Lord Experts, but they were all brought in by the Eternal God Lord!

More than a dozen eternal God master level Miao Ma Sea Monsters could be seen lying inside, and a few cubs were walking around mischievously!

"Let's go in!"

The burly middle-aged man said to his wife and children beside him and walked straight in!

"Honey, look at the prices and rules on the wall!"

Once inside, the woman next to the burly middle-aged man pointed at the words on the wall and said!

Price and rules!

Price: Adult Battle Pet, 50 pills of the same level, Cub, 10 pills!

This price was written very clearly!

He glanced around and saw many powerful sea monsters lying on the ground. There were no injuries on their bodies, and they were all in the realm of Eternal Divine Lords!

A young man was sitting there sipping tea, quietly sitting there!

There was no waiter to serve him, and no one to introduce him!

He was very cool!

The burly middle-aged man thought that this shop had the right to be so cool!

There were more than thirty war pets of the eternal lord rank. It was probably very difficult to find a second shop in the entire Tianze continent!

"Dad, this pony is so cute. I want this pony!"

The young boy next to the burly middle-aged man stared at a sea monster of the god Lord of the approaching horse with a bright face!

"How... how is this possible!"

At this moment, the store manager of the House of warbeasts, who had followed the burly middle-aged man in, widened his eyes and looked around in disbelief!

He couldn't help but Exclaim!

His gaze finally landed on the young man who was drinking tea. His face was filled with disbelief!

It was him!

How is this possible? How is this possible?

"Let's Go!"

The burly middle-aged man turned around and glanced at him. Without saying anything, he walked straight out!

The store manager of the House of Warbeasts quivered and hurriedly followed behind!

"Senior Sun, listen to me. They are here..."

"Shut up!"

The burly middle-aged man coldly spat out two words when he heard his words!

He didn't want to say anything else. He was also at fault for buying at a loss!

The War Pet Whelp he bought was an eternal Lord Tier 1, which was equivalent to 54 eternal Lord Tier 1 pills!

Four pills did not seem like a lot, but these were eternal lord tier pills, which were very valuable!

It was just that the value of the pet whelp was too high, which made the pills appear cheap!

Even an eternal Lord Tier 1 powerhouse would not be willing to casually consume pills of this level!

A pill worth hundreds of thousands of divine stones? What a joke?

The burly middle-aged man did not want to say anything. After all, he had just bought it less than five minutes ago!

Otherwise, he would really be taken as a sucker!

He was not someone to be bullied!

The burly middle-aged man walked towards the house of warbeasts with a sullen face. The store manager of the House of warbeasts wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead and immediately followed behind!

He did not dare to say anything now. The other party was an eternal god Lord Level Expert. Four eternal god Lord Level 1 elixirs could buy several of his lives!

The burly middle-aged man entered the house of Warbeasts and walked straight to the second floor!

"Haha, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, eternal God Lord Level Warpets. Tiangong Tianyuan and the other two brothers bought another one. You sold two today. It's a big deal!"

"What Big Deal? I sold the Tiangong Tianyuan brothers at a discount. It's a big loss. This price is only for the two brothers!"

"Haha, you're very particular. Today, the two of US Will Treat You!"

The burly middle-aged man had just entered the second floor when he heard voices talking!

His face didn't have the slightest fluctuation as he walked toward Shangguan Zhehan and the others!

"Eh? Senior Sun, Why Are You Back? Do you need anything?"

Shi Zhengyang was the first to notice him coming over. His face was filled with confusion, but he still spoke enthusiastically!

"We don't want this Billow Bear. Please return the Divine Stones!"

The burly middle-aged man handed the young cub that the woman was carrying to them and said coldly!

"What's wrong, senior sun? We..."

"The Cubs of the pet shop opposite are cheaper than yours by more than a million divine stones. I'm not a sucker. I'm withdrawing!"

Shi Zhengyang opened his mouth and said, but was immediately interrupted by the burly middle-aged man!

"Huh?"

Shangguan Zhehan and Tiangong Tianyuan were slightly stunned. There was shock and astonishment on their faces!

"How could it be, senior sun? Our prices are very fair, and we have ten to choose from. How could it be..."

"Alright, the other party has twenty to thirty divine stones. I have bought them for less than five minutes. You can check them and return them!"

Shangguan Zhehan quickly went forward to explain, but he was still interrupted by him this time!

Moreover, this time, the burly middle-aged man's tone was a little cold!

His divine stones did not come from a strong wind. More than a million divine stones was not a small amount of money!

"20 to 30? That's impossible. Besides, there is no pet shop across from us. Senior Sun, don't Joke!"

Shi Zhengyang immediately widened his eyes and said loudly!

"Boss, there... There is indeed a pet shop across from us. and... and this is real!"

The store manager quickly walked up and said with a pale face!

"What?"

Shi Zhengyang and Shangguan Zhehan were in disbelief!

They clearly didn't see a pet shop across the street this morning!

How come there was one now? And there were 20 to 30 god Lords?

How could this be? They could get 10 because of their master and elders!

"Return the god stones first. However, you can go to the other store to have a look. With your price and quality, you won't be able to sell them!"

The burly middle-aged man said coldly from the side!

"Alright, senior, here you are!"

Shangguan Zhehan gritted his teeth and immediately returned the divine stone he had just received to him!

He would talk about it after he understood the situation! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"HMPH!"

"Let's go and buy it from the other side!"

The burly middle-aged man snorted and directly walked out!

Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others'faces were as gloomy as blood!

"Boss, that... that pet shop was opened by that young man, the young man who came to us for Cooperation!"

At this moment, the manager of the house of warbeasts growled in a low voice with an uncertain expression!