Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2256: 2256 was about to close down when it opened

"What?"

"How is this possible!"

When Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others heard the store manager's words, their eyes widened in disbelief!

They stared at the middle-aged store manager in disbelief!

However, seeing the bitter expression on his face, it didn't seem like he was lying to them. Moreover, he didn't dare to lie to them!

Everyone's faces kept changing!

Even Tianyuan and ke Zhiyan were full of surprise!

"Let's go and take a look!"

Shangguan Zhehan and the others said in a low voice with gloomy faces, and walked out with gloomy faces!

"Hey, senior, there are many eternal god Lord Level Battle Beasts in our shop. Don't you want to consider it?"

As soon as the group came down, they saw a waiter speaking to an eternal God Lord ranked senior with a bitter expression!

However, the other party didn't even bother with the waiter and walked straight out!

The shop that was filled with people just a moment ago was now empty!

When they looked outside, they could see that there were quite a number of people gathered in front of the opposite shop, and it even affected the traffic!

When Shangguan Zhehan and the others saw this scene, their expressions became even more awkward. They all walked towards the opposite side!

"Make Way, let's go over!"

There were too many people and they were not god-level masters. They could only shout!

"Eh? It's the people from the house of warbeasts. Those few seem to be the owners of the House of Warbeasts!"

"It's true. What are they here for?"

"Of course they're here to take a look. If they don't, they might go out of business. Today is the first day of business for the House of warbeasts. It's advertised as the largest pet shop with the most advanced warbeasts on the sky-sea Island. What's the result?"? "There are twenty to thirty eternal lord-level warpets in a small shop of Dragon Palace. That's twenty to thirty!"

"That's not the most important thing. The most important thing is that the price of the eternal lord-level warpets in the house of Warbeasts is much cheaper than that in the house of warbeasts. I say that if the house of warbeasts doesn't lower the price, they can close the shop today. No one will buy from them!"

"Close the shop? The price of the war pet of the House of Warbeasts is almost the same as that of the God Pet Pavilion. The main thing is that the price of the War Pet of the Dragon Palace is relatively fair. There is no premium!"

The group of people walked into the shop. Some of them recognized Shangguan Zhehan and the others, and they were discussing in low voices!

Hearing their conversation, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others looked even more embarrassed!

Close down and close the shop?

They finally arrived at the entrance of the shop. When they looked into the shop, their pupils slightly shrank!

They could see that there were more than a dozen adult-level eternal God lord-level sea monsters!

Without hesitation, they immediately walked into the shop!

"Roar!"

As soon as they stepped into the shop, they heard a low roar!

"Those who enter the shop must either have the strength of an eternal god Lord or have three million divine stones to prove that they are rich!"

A young man's voice sounded from behind!

"You need three million divine stones to enter the shop?"

Everyone's expression changed slightly. This shop was comparable to some luxurious auction houses, and they needed to verify the qualifications!

Three million divine stones was not a small number!

However, they could still take out this amount of money!

Shangguan Zhehan took out three million divine stones and gestured for the sea monster to lie down at the entrance!

"TSK tsk, this eternal god Lord level sea monster has been tamed so cleverly. It's really powerful. It's definitely the work of a powerful Beast Tamer!"

Some people outside the door saw this scene and sighed!

"This is definitely the work of a very powerful Beast Tamer Master!"

Shi Zhengyang's gaze swept over and repeated with a solemn face!

"An adult battle pet requires fifty pills of the same level. Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, the price you're selling is indeed too expensive!"

At this moment, the disgruntled growls of the Tianyuan brothers could be heard from the side!

Their tone was filled with displeasure!

"Huh?"

Shangguan Zhehan and the others were slightly stunned. They raised their heads and looked forward!

When they saw the rules on the wall in front of them, their expressions slowly turned ugly!

Now, they finally knew why senior Sun had come to return the goods directly!

This price was indeed much cheaper than theirs!

Also, the Sea Monsters of the Miao Ma were more suitable for mounts!

There were a total of 20 to 30 choices!

Under such circumstances, how could anyone come to their house of warbeasts to buy pets!

"Brother Shangguan, look over there. It's that young man! It's really that young man!"

At this moment, the young man who was talking to Wang Xian in the shop at the beginning extended his finger and pointed at Wang Xian's position. He widened his eyes and roared in disbelief!

"It's him, it's really him!"

When they looked over, their expressions instantly turned extremely ugly!

Ke Zhiyan and the rest also looked over. Their eyes were filled with astonishment!

It was this young man who came to the house of warbeasts to look for Shangguan Zhehan and the rest for a collaboration!

In the end, Shangguan Zhehan and the rest didn't give a damn about him. They even said that he wasn't qualified!

At that time, even they thought that the other party wasn't qualified!

But Now?

Not qualified?

The other party directly opened a small pet shop across the street. It was enough to shut down the house of warbeasts!

"Cough Cough!"

Looking at Wang Xian, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and a few other young men looked extremely embarrassed!

Back then, Wang Xian said that he would come over to discuss a collaboration with them. In the end, he did not put the other party in his eyes at all!

However, what they never expected was that the other party actually had so many warbeasts!

"Every war beast is extremely precious. He must be deliberately attacking our war beast family by setting such a price. He must be taking revenge!"

Looking at the price written on the wall, Shi Zhengyang's expression changed as he clenched his fists and said!

The War Beast Pets of the eternal God Lord level were extremely precious. Even if they were to sell them at their own prices, they were confident that they would be able to sell all the war beasts within three to four days!

As for the 20 to 30 war beasts here, they would be sold out in a few days after their reputation spread!

They could sell them at a price similar to theirs, but they sold them at a low price. In their eyes, they were deliberately looking for trouble with them!

Deliberately suppressing them!

This made them extremely furious!

Wang Xian didn't know what they were thinking. If he knew, he would definitely think that they were overthinking things and deliberately suppressing them? They were not worthy of it!

Since Wang Xian had opened his own shop, he would unify the prices and sell them at the same price in the future!

He would not increase or decrease the price. He would not set the price too high. It was more or less fine!

After all, the number of eternal lord-level battle pets that he would sell in the future might reach thousands or even tens of thousands, or even more!

"Let's go and have a talk!"

Shangguan Zhehan looked at the few people beside him and walked toward Wang Xian with a gloomy face!

"Phew!"

The few of them walked to the front of the seats and took a deep breath!

"My friend, I think we can talk..."

"If you don't want to buy it, get out immediately. You are not qualified to talk about anything else with me!" Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Shangguan Zhehan forced a smile on his face. However, before he could finish his words, Wang Xian raised his head and looked at him as he said indifferently!