Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2257: 2257 formation: curse

You guys don't have the right to talk to me about anything else!

Wang Xian's indifferent words entered their ears, allowing the rest of the people in the shop to hear it clearly!

Shangguan Zhehan and the rest really didn't have the right to talk to Wang Xian!

They hadn't even reached the realm of eternal God Lord. In Wang Xian's eyes, the house of Warbeasts was just average. It was far inferior to his Dragon Palace's war pets!

The other party was not qualified!

"You..."

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, Shangguan Zhehan and the rest's faces changed and their bodies trembled!

They were not qualified. He said they were not qualified!

Their breathing was a little hurried. Their expressions changed drastically as they stared at Wang Xian.

"Huff, Huff. Now, we want to discuss a collaboration with your Dragon Palace's warbeasts!"

Shangguan Zhehan suppressed the anger in his heart and spoke again!

"Let's not talk about it anymore. Since I've already opened my shop, I'm not going to collaborate with anyone else!"

Wang Xian immediately rejected the offer!

What a joke. Initially, Wang Xian could find a pet shop to collaborate with in order to save time. Now that he had opened his shop, let's do it!

Just now, he said that he didn't have the qualifications. Now, he still wanted to reap the benefits. How could it be so easy!

"You are deliberately suppressing us. We have just started our business and you opened a shop opposite us. Did you plan this beforehand?"

Shi Zhengyang couldn't hold it in anymore. He clenched his fists and shouted at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression!

In order to open the house of warbeasts, they had used up all their resources!

Now that the Dragon Palace's war pets were opened, it was a huge loss for them. If the other party could continue to open the shop, they could only lower the price or close the shop!

Either way, it would be a huge loss for them!

"Roar!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, he felt half of his body being bitten off!

"Ah Ah, what are you doing? What are you doing?"

A terrified voice came out of Shi Zhengyang's mouth. As he felt the aura of the wilderness behind him, his face instantly turned extremely pale, and his eyes were filled with fear!

"Let... Let your pet put him down. I'm warning you. We are students of the Xuantian Academy. If you harm us, our academy will not let you off!"

When Shangguan Zhehan saw that Shi Zhengyang was being bitten, his expression changed instantly. He shouted at Wang Xian sternly!

"Huh?"

Everyone in the shop looked over. Their eyes were sparkling!

"Hehe, a bunch of little gods came here to question others. Aren't they courting death?"

An eternal lord-level powerhouse took a glance and saw that the sea monster wasn't really biting. He said to Shangguan Zhehan and the rest with disdain!

There were more than 20 eternal lord-level battle pets here. Wouldn't they be courting death if they came here to look for trouble!

"You're not a customer and you're still looking for trouble. Scram!"

Wang Xian said. The head of the sea monster that was biting Shi Zhengyang swung and his body flew out!

Splash

At the same time, it wagged its tail and a stream of water swept up Shangguan Zhehan and the rest. The powerful binding force made them hold their breaths!

"What are you doing?"

The expressions of Tian Gong, Tian Yuan, ke Zhiyan, and the rest of the unexpected disaster changed drastically. Soon after, they felt their bodies falling heavily towards the outside

"Bang!"

A group of people were thrown to the door. The people in front of the door were stunned by this scene and made way for them!

"What... What's going on?"

"Could it be that the people from the house of Warbeasts went in to look for trouble and were thrown out by the Boss?"

"It should be. The house of Warbeasts is a little unlucky to encounter such a situation when it just opened. If we don't lower the price, it will be closed!"

More than a dozen people flew out and fell to the ground. The surrounding people immediately recognized them and discussed among themselves!

"This..."

Ke Zhiyan fell to the ground. Her face was embarrassed and red. She hurriedly stood up! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

She never thought that the other party would actually throw them out directly!

Facing an eternal god Lord level sea monster, they simply had no power to resist!

Even if they were all elites of the Academy!

Hearing the discussions and finger pointing around her, her expression became even more unsightly!

Shangguan Zhehan and the others'faces were extremely ferocious, and their bodies began to tremble!

They were actually thrown out directly, directly falling to the ground. If the students of the Academy knew about this, they would be extremely embarrassed!

Not only was the newly opened pet shop being suppressed, they were also thrown out by others!

"Hu hu!"

Everyone's faces turned red!

"Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, we don't want to buy any more pets. Let's Go!"

Tian Yuan and his brother's expressions changed. They looked at the Dragon Palace's pet shop, gritted their teeth, and left with a gloomy face!

A pet shop could sell 20 to 30 eternal god-level pets. No one would believe that there were no experts supporting them!

With their strength, what else could they do if they were thrown out? Take Revenge?

Moreover, it was all because of Shangguan Zhehan and his gang!

The warbeasts that were sold to them were said to be at a discount, but in the end, they were not even as cheap as the original price!

They were already unhappy, but now that they were thrown out again, they did not have the face to stay here. They said coldly, "Turn around and leave!"!

KE Zhiyan's expression didn't look good when she was thrown on the ground. She left without saying anything!

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

When Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others saw the heavenly engineer Yuan, Ke Zhiyan, and the others leave with ugly expressions, they clenched their fists and made cracking sounds!

They stared at the Dragon Palace's pet shop in front of them with shame and anger, their eyes full of anger!

"Do you really think we are easy to bully? Throw US out directly!"

Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others growled in a low voice!

"Brother Shangguan, I can't take this lying down. Not only did they suppress us on purpose, but they also humiliated us like this. We..."

Beside them, a young man's face was also filled with anger!

They had been in high spirits this morning, building the largest pet shop on the entire Tianhai Island. In the end, not only had they been suppressed, they had even been thrown out of the door and thrown on the ground!

After all, they were outstanding disciples of the Xuantian Academy's Beast Tamer School, and the future of the Eternal God Lord was within their reach!

How could they be willing to be humiliated like this!

"I'll go look for my teacher, Shi Zhengyang. You Go look for your grandfather. You guys go and call him over too!"

Shangguan Zhehan said with a gloomy face!

They had spent a lot of money to open this shop, and this shop also had the support of their elders. Otherwise, with their strength, how could they possibly get an eternal god Lord Level Pet!

Now that they were being suppressed and humiliated, they could only look for their elders!

Only their elders could contend with the other party's strength!

Although the mysterious sky territory had its own laws, the game between the strong could be carried out as long as no one was killed and no one was killed!

The strong could intimidate the weak!

Moreover, they felt that the other party might be targeting their elders!

Otherwise, how could it be so coincidental?

They just opened the other party's business, and the price is lower than theirs?

It must be premeditated!