Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2258: 2258 array formation: curse art

"Hu!"

On the second floor of the house of warbeasts, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others were standing on the second floor. They looked at the other side through the window, and their faces were extremely unsightly!

There was no one else. The entire House of Warbeasts was F * cking empty! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Dragon Palace's war pets were right across from them. Even though they were so close to each other, all the guests had gone to the other side!

Unless they lowered the price now!

However, they were not in a position to decide on the price. It was up to their elders to decide on the eternal god Lord Level War Beasts!

"Damn it, everyone in our class knows about this. Soon, the entire Beast Tamer School will know about it. Many people are laughing at us!"

Suddenly, a young man looked at the AI in his hand and roared with a gloomy expression!

The natural selection continent was very big, but it was also very small!

With the development of technology, it formed an Internet circle!

Some things could be quickly spread!

As for the matter of the Tianhai Island's War Beast House, it was neither big nor small. There were also many people who paid attention to it. Now that such a situation had occurred, it was immediately spread!

Now, it was actually spread within the circle of friends in their class group!

This was a huge loss of face for them!

They were all heaven's favorites. This time, many people would inevitably ridicule and ridicule them from behind!

The young man's words caused the expressions of Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others to turn ugly as well!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the space around them trembled, and a figure slowly appeared!

"Master!"

"Teacher Han!"

Seeing the middle-aged figure that suddenly appeared, Shangguan Zhehan and the others hurriedly turned their heads and called out respectfully!

"En!"

The middle-aged man looked at them with an expressionless face!

He slowly walked to the front of the glass and looked forward!

"Is it the shop across the street?"

The middle-aged man said in a deep voice!

"It's master, the Dragon Palace's War Pet. We just opened today, and they opened their shop for us at such a low price. They are obviously trying to suppress us!"

"When we went there, they threw us out and threw us to the ground. They didn't give us any face at all!"

Shangguan Zhehan walked to the middle-aged man with his head lowered and said with some grievance!

"Oh? I don't think they are targeting you. You are not qualified enough. If they wanted to target you, they would have killed you in secret!"

The middle-aged man was also a little confused!

The house of Warbeasts had just opened, and they had opened a shop at the entrance and sold it at a low price. They were obviously targeting them!

Targeting Shangguan Zhehan and the others? It was obviously impossible?

They could get so many eternal lord-level pets. If they wanted to kill them, they could easily kill them in secret!

"Could they be targeting me or..."

The middle-aged man's eyes flickered. At this moment, he slowly turned his head and an old man's figure slowly appeared!

"Elder Shi, let's Go and take a look at the other side!"

An old man's figure appeared and the middle-aged man said indifferently to him!

"Alright, let's go and see who dares to go against us. HMPH!"

The old man seemed to be in a bad mood and his face was filled with a cold expression!

"Grandfather!"

Shi Zhengyang walked over and immediately called out!

"Mm, Let's Go!"

The old man replied with a solemn face and walked straight down!

They were the ones who provided the eternal God Lord Level Battle Beasts in this house of Battle Beasts!

Although this house of battle beasts was opened by Shangguan Zhehan and the others, they were the ones behind it!

Firstly, it was to help their own kid, and secondly, it was a part of their family's business!

If they were targeted, they naturally had to investigate!

If the other party really wanted to make enemies, they wouldn't be afraid!

"Grandpa, Let's go to their shop. That Sea Monster Lord Miao Ma bit me and threw me out. Grandpa, you have to stand up for me!"

Shi Zhengyang said as he walked beside the old man!

"Don't worry, our Shi family isn't afraid of trouble!"

The old man said coldly!

The group of people walked straight into the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

"HMM? That's a member of the House of warbeasts. Who are the middle-aged man and the old man in front of them?"

"They should be the backers of the House of warbeasts. The house of Warbeasts is able to produce an eternal lord-level WARBEAST. They must have a very deep background!"

"That middle-aged man seems to be a teacher of the mysterious Sky Academy and the Beast Tamer Academy. He has a very high status!"

Some people around them looked surprised when they saw them coming!

"They threw the members of the house of warbeasts out just now. They must be looking for trouble!"

Some people whispered among themselves!

The fact that the members of the house of warbeasts were thrown out of the shop was not good for the reputation of the house of warbeasts!

"Dragon Palace's War Pet, Humph!"

When the group of people arrived, the curious people around them made way for them!

The old man looked at the signboard in front of him, snorted lightly, and walked straight in!

The middle-aged man and the old man entered with a look of astonishment on their faces!

"Our luck is really good. We should be able to take down the lair of the sea monster Lord Miao Ma!"

The middle-aged man said indifferently as he sized up the surroundings!

"Teacher Han, teacher Han, you... Hehe, Hello!"

At this moment, a skinny middle-aged man recognized the middle-aged man and wanted to go forward to greet him. When he saw their formation, his eyes flashed with a smile!

"Okay!"

The middle-aged teacher nodded at the strong man!

"Grandpa, it's That Guy!"

At this moment, Shi Zhengyang, who was at the side, stared at Wang Xian with a face full of anger!

He was almost peed in his pants when he was bitten by the Miao Ma Sea Monster!

The old man and the middle-aged mentor looked at each other and walked straight towards Wang Xian!

Wang Xian also noticed them when they came in!

He frowned slightly when he saw this group of people!

This is troublesome!

It was already troublesome to open a shop, and someone was looking for trouble!

"Call the person behind Your Dragon Palace's War Pet over!"

The old man walked over and said to Wang Xian directly!

"The person behind?"

When Wang Xian heard their words, he raised his eyebrows slightly and smiled mockingly!

"If you don't want to buy it, get out immediately. Don't waste my time!"

He shook his head and said indifferently!

"Kid, didn't you hear what I Said?"

The Old Man's face turned cold and an aura surged out from his body. The Aura that belonged to the fourth level of the Eternal Lord suppressed Wang Xian!

"Roar! Roar!"

In an instant, the entire shop was filled with a terrifying pressure!

In the shop, one after another, the sea monsters of the Eternal Lord let out a low roar. They were a little agitated and violent!

"Shut up!"

The middle-aged mentor swept his gaze across the surroundings. His body emitted an aura that resembled that of the king of all beasts!

All the Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord let out a low roar as their bodies trembled. They lay there trembling!

The middle-aged man was also at level four of the Eternal Divine Lord!

Their strength was not weak even in the entire natural selection continent!

When the customers in the shop saw this scene, they stood by the side and didn't say a word!

A teacher from the Xuantian Academy and a Beast Tamer Master. They didn't dare to get involved either!

Both parties weren't easy to bully!

Wang Xian sensed their aura and his face turned cold. He stood up slowly!