Chapter 2259: 2259 formation: under the curse spell

"Huh?"

The middle-aged mentor and the old man were filled with astonishment when they saw Wang Xian standing up despite their pressure!

Only those of the same level or stronger could stand up under the pressure of the two of them!

"Kid, you don't have the right to talk to my master and the rest. Call out the person behind you!"

Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang and the rest said with cold faces!

"All of you better scram immediately!"

Boom

Wang Xian heard their words and looked at the two arrogant middle-aged men. His face was filled with a cold expression!

His body trembled and his peak aura burst out directly!

The peak-level aura charged straight at them!

"Huh?"

"This..."

The moment Wang Xian's aura burst out, the expressions of the middle-aged man and the old man changed slightly. They hurriedly protected Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the rest who were beside them!

"How is this possible!"

"His aura!"

At this moment, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the rest who sensed Wang Xian's violent aura had a drastic change in their expressions. They could not help but let out a cry of surprise!

How was this possible? How could this young man have such a terrifying aura!

Their eyes were wide open and their foreheads were filled with cold sweat!

If it was not for the middle-aged man and the old man who were blocking in front of them, the aura would have suffocated him!

"I didn't expect us to be wrong!"

The pupils of the middle-aged man and the old man constricted slightly and a solemn expression appeared on their faces!

They did not expect that such a young man would actually have a strength that was comparable to theirs!

No wonder his expression didn't change under their imposing manner!

"Scram immediately!"

Wang Xian stared at them and shouted again with a cold expression!

"My friend, May I know why you want to make an enemy out of the House of Warbeasts?"

The middle-aged mentor restrained his imposing manner and stared at Wang Xian as he asked!

"Make an enemy out of you? You guys think too highly of yourselves. Ask your disciples about some things. If you don't Leave Now, I won't be polite anymore!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and said coldly!

"You're welcome. Why? Do you still want to suppress the two of us? Hehe! Although your strength is beyond our expectations, this is not something you have the ability to cause trouble for us!"

The old man said with a cold expression!

"Then we will send you out!"

Wang Xian moved his arm and instantly transformed into a ferocious and terrifying dragon claw. He grabbed at the old man and the middle-aged man in front of him! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"You..."

The Old Man's face changed drastically when he saw Wang Xian making a move instantly!

It was forbidden to make a move on the Tianhai Island. Once it was discovered, even the eternal lord would be severely punished!

Especially when they came to other people's shops to cause trouble, their responsibility was even greater!

However, the one who made the first move would also be severely punished!

This fellow!

"Holy Sh * t, he made a move, he actually made a move!"

"My goodness! The owner of the Dragon Palace Pet is this young man himself! He has such terrifying strength!"

"He has comprehended four laws. This young man's strength is not weaker than teacher Han and the others!"

"He dares to make a move directly? This owner has a bad temper. Isn't he afraid of being punished?"

The faces of the Eternal God Masters in the shop changed slightly. They hurriedly flew out to avoid being affected!

"What's going on? Is there going to be a fight inside?"

Everyone who was gathered outside sensed the aura inside. When they saw the eternal lord-level powerhouses who came out in a hurry, their faces were filled with shock!

"Do you really think that we are afraid of You?"

The old man did not expect Wang Xian to make a move. He waved his arm and used the Golden Shield to block the Dragon Claw. He roared coldly!

"Do you really think that I'm easy to bully?"

Wang Xian stared at them with a cold gaze!

The old man and the middle-aged mentor looked extremely embarrassed. If they were to fight today, they would have to pay a heavy price!

As for Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang, who were standing behind them, they were completely dumbfounded at this moment!

They did not expect that the young man was the boss. They did not expect that he had the strength of a level four eternal Lord!

Seeing the young man's attack, their faces turned pale!

The other party was an eternal God Lord rank expert. It was a piece of cake to kill them in the dark!

Even the surveillance system of the natural selection continent was hard to detect!

In an instant, the entire shop was filled with a terrifying energy. The atmosphere was somewhat solemn. A great battle could break out at any time!

"Stop! No fighting is allowed on the sky-sea island. If It's serious, kill without mercy!"

At this moment, a voice came from outside. A few middle-aged men in uniforms walked over and shouted into the shop!

"Teacher Han, don't break the law. You know the price of fighting here!"

The five people walked in and heaved a sigh of relief when they saw the situation inside!

The enforcer in the center clearly recognized the middle-aged teacher and said indifferently!

"We know that the other party made the first move. We will leave immediately!"

The middle-aged mentor retracted all his imposing manner and nodded his head!

The old man also retracted his imposing manner!

"Are you new here? Don't you know the rules here?"

The enforcer in the middle looked at Wang Xian and reminded him!

"If someone comes to cause trouble, they must pay the price!"

Wang Xian also retracted his imposing manner and said indifferently!

"HMPH, if you are not targeting us, we will not hold back!"

The middle-aged mentor and the old man stared at him and warned him!

After that, the two of them turned around and left!

Shangguan Zhehan and the rest followed behind them hurriedly!

At this moment, they were extremely frightened!

"Open the shop properly and don't cause trouble!"

The enforcer scanned the surroundings and left after giving them a reminder!

"Humph!"

Wang Xian watched them leave and scanned the surroundings. When he saw a few of the Cubs looking dispirited, he snorted coldly and a cold glint flashed in his eyes!

"Are you leaving just like that after causing trouble?"

A cold glint flashed in his eyes. With a move, he appeared upstairs!

He opened his palms and a few strands of hair appeared in his hands. These strands of hair belonged to the middle-aged mentor and the old man!

"You want to leave after provoking me? It's not that easy!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Heaven Formation, is this curse of yours effective?"

He waved his arm and started to set up a formation in front of him. This formation was several times more complicated than the previous one!

"With your current strength, even though it's not enough to kill him, you can definitely injure him severely!"

The God of Heaven Formation replied!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. The formation was slowly taking shape!

Formation, a curse spell!

This was one of the categories of formations. It was also the most mysterious and bizarre category, a curse spell!

By casting a curse spell, one could attack from a very, very far away place. Furthermore, one could not find the person who cast the spell, nor could they find evidence of the other party casting the spell!

Killing was prohibited in the Tianze continent, and assassinations were illegal!

However, if law enforcers wanted to capture someone, they had to have evidence!

Being silent and traceless was a curse!