Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2260: 2260 was silent and traceless

"That kid doesn't look old. He has comprehended at least four laws. What a surprise!"

The middle-aged tutor and the old man walked out of the Dragon Palace's Mount, their expressions ugly!

"Elder Shi, do you know that person? Is He coming for You?"

The middle-aged tutor looked at the old man and asked with a slight frown!

"Me?"

The old man shook his head, "This is the first time I've seen that Kid. Do you have any enmity with him?"

"Find someone to investigate that Kid's background. If he dares to cause trouble again, let him know what will happen to him!"

The middle-aged teacher shook his head and said with a somewhat cold gaze!

The old man beside him nodded, his eyes filled with a cold light!

The two of them were not afraid of each other. So what if they were enemies?

"Move aside! Move aside!"

"It seems like a fight almost broke out. The young boss of the Dragon Palace's war pet is not weaker than mentor Han and the others!"

"Is he suppressing the family of war beasts on purpose? But even if he is suppressing them, it is a good thing for many people!"

Some people outside the Dragon Palace's War Pet discussed among themselves when they saw their group coming out!

Some god Lord level experts'eyes also flickered!

They also didn't expect that young man to be so strong!

"This grudge has been formed. That young man's temper is too explosive. Let's directly fight!"

Some experts thought to themselves!

"No fighting is allowed on the sky-sea island. Before fighting, consider the price you have to pay!"

The enforcer who walked out of the shop glanced at everyone around him and reminded him lightly!

"Formation: Blood Ring Explosion!"

At the same time, on the second floor of the shop, Wang Xian spent a total of 30 seconds to set up the curse of blood ring explosion!

The time taken to set up the curse was even slower than the time taken to set up the attack formation. It was impossible to use it in a battle!

However, the power and strangeness of the curse spell went without saying!

Looking at the complete formation of the battle tactic, Wang Xian's dragon eyes of Yin Yang and the five elements swept across the ground in front of him. His eyes revealed a hint of coldness as he continued to set up the formation!

"Ah!"

At this moment, the middle-aged mentor and the old man walked out of the shop with cold faces. They were ready to return to the House of warbeasts!

However, all of a sudden, a scream came out from the old man's mouth!

Then, everyone saw a large amount of blood oozing out of the old man's body!

The blood made a strange cracking sound!

"What's Going On!"

In an instant, the middle-aged mentor's face changed drastically, and he immediately looked at the old man!

"Elder Shi, what's Going On?"

"Grandpa!"

The middle-aged mentor's face changed slightly, and Shi Zhengyang's face was also filled with horror as he shouted loudly!

"No... I don't know!"

Blood flowed out of the old man's face, and he looked extremely terrifying. His face was filled with vigilance as he scanned his surroundings!

"Ahhhhh!"

Screams of pain came out of his mouth, causing the expressions of everyone around to change slightly!

"What's going on? How did an eternal God master level expert suddenly become like this?"

"Hiss, what happened? Did someone attack that senior?"

Everyone in the vicinity looked over, their faces filled with fear as they looked at the old man!

"What's going on?"

The expressions of the five enforcers also changed slightly, and they immediately walked around the old man!

"Pa Pa Pa!"

"Ah Ah Ah!"

The sound of blood exploding rang out once more, and the old man couldn't help but let out a low roar of pain!

"What's going on? Is he poisoned?"

The middle-aged mentor's expression changed slightly, and his aura erupted as he examined the old man's body!

"Ah!"

Suddenly, the middle-aged mentor also let out a painful cry. His body trembled, and drops of blood flowed out of his body!

"Not good, master, master, What's wrong with you!"

Shangguan Zhehan hurriedly ran over and shouted!

"I... I feel a terrifying power suddenly entering my body..."

The middle-aged teacher hugged his head, blood slowly flowing out of his face, looking incomparably savage!

He gritted his teeth and roared in a low voice, his eyes filled with terror!

"This is a curse, an array formation curse. There's absolutely no mistake, it's a curse!"

Suddenly, an eternal god Lord level expert beside him saw this situation and roared in a low voice with a solemn expression!

"Curse!"

Everyone's hearts turned cold. In the field of array formations in the Tianze continent, because of the existence of the mysterious sky territory's son of Heaven Divine King, the Tianze continent's array formations could be considered very good!

Many cultivators had some understanding of array formations!

The array formation curse technique was definitely the strangest of all offensive techniques!

It was silent and traceless. It could attack you directly from a distance of tens of millions or even billions of kilometers! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Moreover, you still don't know who attacked you!

A powerful curse could instantly kill people!

Everyone's expression changed when they saw the old man and the middle-aged teacher!

A curse, was this a curse? It was actually so terrifying that it caused so much pain to the two eternal God masters who had mastered four laws!

"How could there be a curse? How could my master and the others be cursed!"

Shangguan Zhehan looked at his master who was extremely miserable and said in Panic!

"How could there be a curse?"

Some people murmured. Suddenly, someone turned around and looked at the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

Their eyes were shining!

The two of them had just come out from the Dragon Palace's pet shop and had been cursed for dozens of seconds. Only the young master of the Dragon Palace's pet shop could have done it!

Although they couldn't be sure, 80% of it was done by the owner of the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

"It must be him, it must be the young man inside. The Lord of law enforcement caught him, caught him!"

Shi Zhengyang also thought of this possibility at this moment. He looked at the five law enforcement officers, pointed at the Dragon Palace's pet shop, and shouted loudly!

"This..."

The five enforcers frowned slightly. The other party was obviously an eternal divine lord level powerhouse. It was obviously against the rules to arrest someone without evidence!

"Let's go to Xuantian Academy. Let's go find the array formation powerhouse of Xuantian Academy!"

The middle-aged instructor endured the intense pain in his body and growled at the old man. Then, he immediately flew toward the Academy!

"Alright!"

The old man nodded. He looked in the direction of the Dragon Palace's war pet with a bit of fear in his heart and followed closely behind!

The others could guess it, and they understood it even more clearly!

This was almost 100% the work of that young man.

However, at this time, they didn't have time to think about revenge. Instead, they wanted to solve the problems in their bodies as soon as possible!

They could sense that although the curse couldn't kill them, it could severely injure them. This injury would take at least several decades to recover!

They hoped to quickly solve the curse on their bodies!

"This..."

Seeing the two experts leave quickly and the blood on the ground, everyone was a bit dazed!

Many people saw the eternal god Lord level experts in such a miserable state!

"Dragon Palace Battle Pets continue to be sold, hurry up and buy them!"

At this moment, a voice came from the Dragon Palace Battle Pets!

Everyone's hearts shook!