Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2261: 2,261 names spread far and wide

"Dragon Palace Battle Pet!"

In front of the shop, everyone looked at the pet shop in front of them!

"It seems that the boss of the Dragon Palace Battle Pet was the one who cast the curse!"

"Absolutely. If it weren't for him, he would have come out to explain. After all, he had offended someone!"

"The boss of the Dragon Palace battle pet is not simple. He knows the curse. Who would dare to provoke such an enemy?"

Some people looked at the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop with reverence in their eyes. Even the eternal lord level experts were filled with fear!

Everyone had witnessed the scene just now. Such a strange scene caused even the experts who had mastered the four laws to be heavily injured in an instant. They had no ability to resist at all!

The Enforcers stood there helplessly. They had no evidence at all!

Once they provoked such a person, they would not even know how they died!

Even those who were stronger than them had to consider the consequences before provoking such a person!

Those who had mastered five or six laws had to retreat when they encountered such a person!

This was because he could not kill you, but he could curse your family and friends. Under such a strange curse, the weak could not withstand it at all!

"Gulp!"

Hearing the discussions around them, Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang's faces turned pale!

If the formation curse had appeared on them just now, they would be dead for sure, 100% dead!

Thinking of their teacher's miserable state, the few of them trembled, their eyes filled with fear!

"Let's go and see how master and the others are doing!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Shangguan Zhehan glanced at the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets with some fear and immediately flew towards Xuantian Academy's Location!

"The price in the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets Shop is quite fair. Come, let's go in and buy some!"

Some eternal god Lord level experts hesitated for a moment before entering the pet shop!

They did not have any conflict with the owner of the Dragon Palace's battle pets. On the contrary, they were still customers and the other party would not use a curse on them!

A group of experts entered and bought the sea monster war pets one by one!

What happened to the Dragon Palace's war pets quickly spread to the sky-sea Island!

Not to mention the strange curse, just the value of the war pets was enough to cause quite a stir in the sky-sea Island!

More and more experts who had received the news walked toward the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

"I thought the house of warbeasts would be a trouble, but I didn't expect the house of warbeasts to be even more troublesome. The price is much cheaper than ours. Damn it, this has a great impact on us!"

"It has a great impact. The house of Warbeasts is open for business for one day. Unless we lower the price, there won't be any business!"

"The House of Warbeasts is just a small shop. There shouldn't be an endless supply of pets, right? If that's the case, it will be a devastating blow to our pet god Pavilion!"

"Let's wait and see first. If the other party really has an endless supply of pets, then we'll have to prepare our countermeasures!"

Two old men stood on a street, slightly frowning as they looked in the direction of the Dragon Palace's battle pets!

The two slowly conversed, and finally left with a bad look on their faces!

"This curse is extremely mysterious to begin with. There are only a few people in our natural selection continent who know the curse. We can't undo this curse either. Perhaps the headmaster can!"

However, at this moment, in a courtyard of the Heavenly Academy, an old man with a compass in his hand spoke to the middle-aged teacher with a grave expression!

"However, this curse isn't fatal to all of you. Furthermore, the effect of the curse is basically over!"

The old man continued speaking.

"Master jing, even if it's not fatal, such a serious injury would require decades of recovery!"

Elder Shi said with a bitter face!

Although the curse spells on their bodies were not fatal, it would take decades for them to recover naturally!

Unless they spent a large amount of resources to recover quickly, it would consume too much!

"Recover slowly. I'm afraid that the other party will continue to curse you, but don't worry too much. Spell Casters can only continue to curse after they have obtained your hair and flesh. The hair and flesh consumed by each curse will directly dissipate!"

The old man holding the compass said, his eyes shining. "Who have you offended? If this curse falls on you, you'll be able to withstand it. If it's lower than your strength, you might have a chance of dying!"

"Ninety-nine percent of it is that young man from the House of War Pets!"

Elder Shi and the middle-aged teacher looked at each other and said with a gloomy face!

"A young man from the House of battle pets? An array formation master who knows how to cast curses is very dangerous. I'll get someone to check it out!"

The old man holding the compass raised his eyebrows slightly!

"Then I'll have to trouble director Jing!"

The middle-aged instructor said respectfully!

"It's alright. We need to pay attention to such a person!"

The old man holding the compass shook his head and took out his artificial brain to mobilize his strength!

The Mysterious Sky Academy was the ruler of the entire mysterious sky territory. The entire mysterious sky territory revolved around the mysterious Sky Academy!

The headmaster was the supreme ruler of the entire mysterious Sky Territory!

Directors like them also had a lot of power. It was fine to ask the law enforcement department to help investigate a person!

However, they didn't have the authority to enforce the Law!

The middle-aged tutor and elder Shi endured the intense pain on their bodies and waited quietly by the side!

Although they were extremely fearful of that young man, they were not willing to not take revenge!

"Master!"

"Grandfather!"

"Director Jing!"

Not long after, Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang came over and entered the courtyard to call out respectfully!

"En, sit down!"

The old man holding the compass nodded. Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang were the heavenly sons of the mysterious Sky Academy, and the old man understood them very well!

The teachers were also more polite to people who had a high chance of stepping into the Eternal Divine Lord Realm in the future!

"There's News!"

At this moment, the old man holding the compass said something. When he saw the contents of the AI, he was slightly stunned!

"Director, what's the identity of the other party?"

The middle-aged teacher immediately asked!

"Let's end this matter here. He is a new teacher of our mysterious Sky Academy, Director Jin, who brought him here!"

The old man holding the compass said directly!

"What?"

"Is he our academy's Teacher? Dean Jin brought him here?"

The middle-aged teacher and Old Shi's expressions changed slightly, and Shangguan Zhehan and the others were also surprised!

"If you provoke the other party first, then let it go. The other party will not do anything if he knows your identity!"

The old man holding the compass waved his hand at them, indicating for them to leave!

"It's dean jing, we know!"

The middle-aged teacher nodded his head and frowned slightly.

Since the other party was also a teacher of the Heavenly Academy, it was impossible for them to borrow the strength of the academy to take revenge!

There were more than ten thousand teachers in the academy, and there were conflicts between the teachers as well. However, this conflict couldn't be carried out in a killing manner. If they were to assassinate the other party, they would definitely die if they angered the principal!