Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2262: 2,262 reputation spread far and wide

"The owner of that Dragon Palace battle mount is actually the academy's teacher, teacher Han. Don't tell me that our injuries have been in vain!"

Walking out from director Jing's residence, elder Shi said with a slightly ugly expression!

"The other party is the academy's teacher. The principal has a rule. If there are any teachers who secretly kill each other or assassinate each other, if they are discovered, they are to be killed immediately!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"If there is a huge grudge between the two of you, you can settle it on the life and Death Arena!"

The middle-aged teacher said with a grim expression!

Who would dare to violate the principal's words and the principal's rules?

In the entire Blackheaven Domain, the principal was the most respected person. Anyone who dared to cause trouble was a scoundrel, and the principal could destroy them with a single finger!

No one would dare to violate the rules, not even the teachers of their academy!

"This... just forget about it?"

"The injuries on my body will take at least a few decades to recover. It will take too much of my energy to recover quickly!"

Elder Shi was unwilling to give up!

"Don't even think about it on the surface, unless we meet the other party in the underground sea and kill him. However, it's too difficult for us to kill someone of the same level as us. If the other party gets hold of us, we'll be dead for sure!"

"There are over ten thousand teachers in the academy, and there are quite a number of them who don't have good relations with one another. However, it's usually their students who compete with one another. Sigh! This is too humiliating!"

The middle-aged teacher had stayed in the mysterious Sky Academy for over 10,000 years, and he was extremely clear about the rules of the Academy!

With the principal suppressing this place, even if there were grudges between the teachers, they wouldn't kill each other!

As a result, the grudges between the teachers would extend to the students, and the students would compete with each other and fight in the arena!

Under such circumstances, the Academy didn't stop them. On the contrary, it encouraged them!

This kind of atmosphere would instead allow the students to possess fighting spirit and a strong heart!

For the sake of their students, some teachers would even encourage their own students to fight with others!

"Damn it, the other party knows how to use curses, and we are the ones who are the unlucky ones. I Won't participate in this matter anymore!"

Elder Shi roared with an extremely ugly expression!

He wasn't a teacher of the academy, so he could forget about taking revenge in the future!

They could only accept this loss!

"I accept it as well. The other party knows the art of curses!"

The middle-aged teacher shook his head helplessly!

"Just... just let it go!"

At the back, Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang, and the others opened their mouths and spoke with extremely embarrassed expressions!

This time, they had lost a lot of face!

"Speak, how did you offend that young man?"

Suddenly, the middle-aged mentor looked at Shangguan Zhehan and asked coldly!

"Master, we..."

Shangguan Zhehan saw the mentor's expression and his face instantly turned pale!

"Tell us!"

The middle-aged mentor also spat out a word!

"We didn't offend him either. When he first came to us to talk about cooperation, we thought he was a weakling and ignored him!"

"But we didn't expect him to open a pet shop across from us. In the end, when we went there... We were thrown out!"

Shangguan Zhehan didn't dare to hide it and quickly said.

"Humph!"

When the middle-aged mentor heard his words, his face was extremely gloomy!

It seemed that his disciple had provoked the other party, and they thought it was aimed at them!

This time, it was a disaster for them!

"Bastard!"

"Peng!"

From the side, elder Shi's palm landed on Shi Zhengyang's body, causing him to fall to the ground!

"Grandfather!"

Shi Zhengyang's expression changed drastically, and he instantly spat out blood!

"Do you know that you almost caused our shi family to provoke a terrifying enemy!"

Elder Shi's expression was gloomy!

Damn it, damn grandfather!

"Grandpa, I. . . I. . ."

"Shut up. Go to the front line and fight for a month. You can only come back after a full month!"

Elder Shi interrupted him and growled coldly!

"You go too!"

The middle-aged instructor also said coldly!

"Elder Shi, I'm going back First!"

After saying that, he looked at elder Shi and disappeared!

Elder Shi nodded and disappeared, leaving behind two pale-faced Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang!

At this moment, their faces were a little pale!

"Go to the front line!"

They murmured, looked at each other and swallowed their saliva.

Going to the front line, there was the risk of death!

"It's all because of that guy, it's all because of that guy!"

Shangguan Zhehan clenched his arms in anger!

"Then what can we do? Cough, cough!"

Shi Zhengyang also growled with a face full of unwillingness, "Go to the front line!"

"The conflict between the teachers has extended to the students..."

The two of them were silent for a few minutes before Shangguan Zhehan suddenly said coldly!

"HMM? Let's talk about it after we return from the front line!"

Shi Zhengyang clenched his fists tightly.

Wang Xian did not know about the incident at the house of warbeasts. Even if he did, he did not take it seriously!

If those two were reckless, Wang Xian did not mind killing them directly!

As for the rules of the Xuan Heaven Domain, even if he were to kill someone in the Xuan Heaven Domain, Xuan Tianzi would still protect him. He might even destroy the other party!

The backing that the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation had found for Wang Xian was no joke!

With Xuan Tianzi's character, even if Wang Xian were to destroy the heaven in the mysterious sky territory, he would probably not do anything to him!

After all, Xuan Tianzi was able to reach this stage because he had a lot to do with the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation!

Although he was not his master, he could be considered half a master!

Therefore, Wang Xian was a little unscrupulous!

After the troublemakers left, the business of the Dragon Palace's War Pets picked up!

More and more experts knew about the Dragon Palace's war pets and rushed over one after another!

The price of an eternal lord-level war pet was still fair. This was something that many people were fighting for!

"Boss Wang, I want this one!"

At this moment, about ten people had gathered in the shop. They had already bought their war pets and were waiting for Wang Xian to help them tame them!

"Alright, we are done for today. We will continue to open tomorrow morning. I will help you tame your war pets First!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and closed the door. He led the group of eternal lord-level powerhouses upstairs!

The group of sea monsters followed behind him!

It was not difficult to help them tame them. No matter how wild the desolate beast sea monsters were, they possessed considerable intelligence!

They were also more intelligent than intelligent dogs!

By helping them build a good impression of them, they could give them the lair of the ancient horse God's sea monster!

This was the most important point. By placing the ancient horse God's sea monster's lair into their divine kingdom, it would be able to suppress their battle pets!

In addition, after a long period of time, the Battle Pets had familiarized themselves with the aura of their master's Divine Kingdom. The Lair was also suppressed, so they basically did not dare to resist!

If its master treated the war pet better, the war pet would also follow the battle wholeheartedly!

The process of helping to tame the war pet was very smooth. One War Pet took about an hour and a total of ten hours to tame the last person!

"Thank you, boss Wang. I wish boss Wang a prosperous business in the future!"

The last eternal lord-level powerhouse sat on the body of the sea monster Lord of the rolling horse God with a face full of excitement and congratulated Wang Xian!

"There's no need. If you want to buy pets in the future, you can come to the Dragon Palace's War Pets!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Oh? Boss Wang, your war pets will be sold out in three to four days at most. What else?"

The middle-aged powerhouse was slightly stunned as he asked curiously!

"Of course!"

Wang Xian nodded. "I will inform the AI in the future!"