Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2263: 2263 ignited nine wisps of divine fire

The technology of the natural selection continent could kill an expert at the level of an eternal God Lord. This killing represented a true killing, the kind that couldn't even escape!

With the development of technology, life was also much more convenient!

Online shopping wasn't rare in the Tianze continent!

With online shopping, there were naturally online promotions, especially for shops in the central area of the Tianhai Island. All of them could be promoted and notified individually on the Tianhai Island's Internet!

They could even advertise if they had the money!

Normally, when an auction house was going to auction, they would advertise on the artificial intelligence of the Tianze continent!

Wang Xian didn't need to advertise. He only needed to issue a notice!

When he was helping the eternal lord level powerhouses tame the Lord of the horse God Sea Monster, some people also told him how to advertise!

In fact, he didn't need to advertise too much. These powerhouses who were buying war pets would also help Wang Xian advertise!

After all, in the entire Tianze continent, there were not many shops that could buy eternal lord-level war pets. Most of them were auctioned at the auction!

It was inevitable that the price of the war pets would be higher at the auction!

In the future, Wang Xian could make an announcement on the AI first. He could also make a reservation on the AI!

Out of the 32 sea monsters, Wang Xian had sold ten of them. Among them, seven were adults and three were cubs!

This was only the first day that the Dragon Palace's war pets had just opened. When more people knew about it, the sales would be even faster!

After helping to tame the 10 sea monsters, Wang Xian continued to open the shop!

Following that, Wang Xian spent three days to sell all the remaining war pets!

During these three days, the Dragon Palace's war pets were considered to be well-known!

More than 30 eternal lord-level war pets were sold in one go. There was only one shop that could produce so many war pets!

"Boss, I heard that you have eternal lord-level war pets here!"

Just as Wang Xian was about to close the shop, a middle-aged man suddenly walked in!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He looked at the middle-aged man and felt the majestic aura in his body. He was slightly surprised!

This middle-aged man had comprehended at least seven to eight laws. He was considered a top-notch expert in the entire Tianze continent!

There was a huge gap in the master God Realm!

There was a gap of three to four levels. You had to be careful because you might be killed instantly if you weren't careful. You wouldn't even have the chance to escape back to the eternal divine kingdom!

Of course, one could still react if they were alert in advance!

"Not for the time being. There will be more in a while. When the time comes, the Dragon Palace's pet shop on the AI will inform you!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Huh? Is that all?"

The middle-aged man looked disappointed. "There will be more in a while? What Level?"

"I'm not sure. Let's wait for the notification!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Add on the AI. If Your Dragon Palace's pet has an eternal master level pet, inform me in advance!"

The middle-aged man took out the artificial intelligence and said to Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. He naturally liked such potential customers and it would save him a lot of time!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: nine Wisps of Divine Fire -LRB-fifth transformation of DivinevDragonaTransformationtion)

Divine Crystal: 1817.7354 billion/5000 billion

Divine ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract divine crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Divine ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 6.

Dragon Palace members: 159,633

"Phew!"

After taking all the pills, Wang Xian took a deep breath and looked at his attributes with a smile on his face!

After igniting the nine wisps of divine fire, the next step was to become the Eternal Divine Master!

There was no such thing as the peak of the divine realm when a divine dragon broke through!

Once he became the eternal master, he would have the power to fight against a master who had mastered seven laws!

The current him could fight against a master who had mastered five laws. His strength was not weak even in the Tianze continent!

Buzz

Without any hesitation, Wang Xian immediately set up the bloodline connection formation!

He wanted to find out the whereabouts of Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

This time, he was still disappointed!

"If I still can't find them after advancing to the realm of the Eternal Lord, I'll go to other planets to take a look!"

Wang Xian made up his mind!

"I'll rest for two days and continue to go to the underground sea. The next time I go, I'll find all the resources needed to advance to the realm of the Eternal Lord!"

"However, I want to advance to the realm of the Eternal Lord. I want to upgrade the Dragon Palace by another level!"

As he thought to himself, he went back to his room and laid on his bed to rest!

After staying in the underground sea for a day, he was lucky enough to find the lair of the Miao Ma Sea Monster!

After staying in the Sky Sea Island for four days, he sold all the sea monsters!

In five days, Wang Xian's strength had received a huge increase!

After resting for two days, he continued his journey!

Mount Xuantian!

At the center of the Xuan Tian territory was the mountain peak where Xuan Tianzi, the headmaster of the Xuan Tian Academy and the strongest person in the Xuan Tian Territory, was located!

This was also the place where the descendants of Xuan Tian lived!

The so-called descendants of Xuan Tian were the honorific titles for the descendants of Xuan Tianzi!

"Great Grandma, What's Going On? Why did you call us beauties here?"

At this moment, in a luxurious manor at the foot of a mountain peak of the Xuan Tian Mountain!

A beautiful woman said to an old woman with a smile on her face.

"Hehe, good news, good news!"

The old woman was holding a walking stick in her hand. She looked energetic, but her age was definitely not less than 700,000 to 800,000 years old!

"What Good News, great-grandmother? Why did you call us girls over? Why didn't the men at home come over?"

A beautiful woman walked over and said with a smile on her face!

"We'll talk about it when they're all here. We'll talk about it when they're all here!"

The old woman pretended to be mysterious as she shook her head!

"Aunt is here!"

At this moment, a voice sounded. A woman came in from the entrance!

The woman was wearing a blue armor that covered her entire body. Her body was filled with an imposing aura that was not inferior to that of a woman!

She held a long spear in her hand, and her temperament was extraordinary!

"Aunt!"

Some of the girls immediately went forward and shouted at the girls!

"En, why did great-grandmother call me here? The front line is still quite nervous!"

The woman smiled at the group of girls and said to the Old Woman!

"Little Umbrella, you're not young anymore. It's time for you to find a man to marry!"

The old woman looked at the woman and said with a smile!

"Humph, I can marry, but first, those men can defeat me!"

The woman was slightly stunned, and then she snorted and said with some disdain!

"Great Grandma, most of the people are here, right? Why did you call us here?"

A girl couldn't help but ask. There were fifty to sixty sisters and aunts around!

"It's nothing serious. I'm not sure about the details of the patriarch's order. A disciple of a friend of the patriarch came to our place a long time ago!"

"The patriarch said to let him marry into our family and bring you there to have a look!"

The old woman said!

However, as soon as she finished speaking, the girls in front of them were completely stunned!