Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2264: 2264, what’s going on?

Stupefied!

The fifty to sixty girls in the courtyard were all stupefied!

The progenitor's friend's disciple wanted to marry into their family. What was going on?

All the single girls from the mysterious sky descendants were somewhat stunned. Then why did he call them here? VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"This, this, great-grandmother, then why did he call us here?"

A girl stammered as she asked!

"Great-grandmother, could it be that you want us to take a look at that person and marry him if he or she takes a fancy to you?"

A girl's eyes widened as she said!

The group of girls frowned slightly. Was this a blind date for them?

"It's more or less the same, but..."

The old woman smiled. "All of You, dress up. If the other party takes a fancy to one of you, you should cultivate a good relationship with him or her!"

"What!"

"What!"

When all the girls heard this sentence, they were completely dumbfounded!

"Great-grandma, what did you say? He will marry whichever one of us he takes a fancy to. This... this..."

One of the girls could not help but exclaim in surprise, and her expression changed drastically!

The other girls also stared at her closely!

What was this? An arranged marriage?

With the open environment of the heaven selection continent and the fact that they were descendants of the mysterious Sky clan, there was no need for an arranged marriage!

As the women of this generation, every one of them was talented, beautiful, and had extraordinary strength. which one of them was not being pursued by tens of thousands of boys?

It was not an exaggeration to say that tens of thousands of boys were pursuing them!

Their status was equivalent to that of a princess of the mysterious Sky clan. If they married them, they would be married to a princess, and they would be the prince consort!

Now, they were actually being asked to go for an interview. Whichever young man took a fancy to, he would marry them!

What... What was this?

"Great-grandmother, how is this possible? Are you joking? What do you think we are? Choosing one of us to be his wife? Is He choosing a concubine?"

A girl said with an embarrassed expression!

"Don't be so unhappy. That young man is also very outstanding. He has the strength of an eternal God Lord at the same age as you, and he should be quite good-looking!"

The old woman said with a smile!

"What outstanding, Outstanding, Outstanding, why would he want to marry into our family!"

A girl said with an unhappy face!

"Great-grandma, I'm still busy at the front line, maybe..."

The girl in the blue armor in the center frowned slightly and said to the old woman!

"I know your thoughts and thoughts, but this is... the order of the god King!"

The old woman looked at the group of girls and wiped away the smile on her face as she said seriously!

Her words caused all the girls to fall silent as their pupils constricted slightly!

The Godly monarch's order was also an order from their patriarch!

Their patriarch had lived for millions of years. They were known as the descendants of the mysterious heavens. There were more than a hundred generations between them!

The patriarch was a stranger to them. Many of them had only seen the patriarch more than a dozen times!

Who dared to resist the old ancestor's order?

Refuse? Run away from the marriage?

The old ancestor didn't even need to say anything. The elders above him would take action!

This action wasn't as simple as a simple punishment!

No one could bear the price!

For a moment, the group of girls bit their lips tightly. There was no longer the laughter from before!

Even the girl in the blue armor was silent!

Resist? Maybe even his parents would be implicated!

The bloodline was still there, and the kinship was still there, but it was much smaller!

The patriarch, who was used to seeing his descendants die, no longer cared about many things!

"You girls don't have to be like this. Marrying that young man might be very beneficial to you!"

"After all, unless an extremely heaven-defying talent can be noticed by the patriarch, that young man with good talent is a good choice!"

The old woman saw the expressions on the girls'faces and said slowly!

"Oh?"

Upon hearing the old woman's words, some of the girls'eyes indeed shone!

It was true that the patriarch had personally given the order. Presumably, if the patriarch paid attention to that young man, then no matter what happened in the future, no one in the blackheaven domain or even the heavenly swamp continent would dare to provoke him!

"That... Great-grandmother, is that young man handsome?"

A girl asked in a low voice!

"Hehe, I'll bring you to meet him and get to know him. Don't be so afraid. Marriage is a matter of mutual affection. If you don't like that young man and don't give him a good look, will he still choose you?"

"He's quite proud to be able to cultivate to the level of a formation master at such a young age!"

The old woman continued!

"You're right!"

All the girls heaved a sigh of relief!

Since they did not give him a good impression, the other party should not insist on not letting him go!

"Let's go, I'll introduce you to him. The old ancestor did not say that he wanted to get married right away!"

As the old woman spoke, she waved her arm forward, and a black hole appeared and directly stepped into it!

The rest of the girls followed her immediately!

The girl wearing the blue armor frowned. She moved and took off her armor to avoid being conspicuous!

The group of girls passed through the black hole and arrived at the entrance of the Academy. Then, they flew into the back forest!

Before the old lady went there, she obviously knew that he was inside!

The arrival of the group of girls attracted the curiosity of many students. However, when they saw the old lady in front of them, no one dared to ask or follow her!

"Is little brother Wang Xian around? Sorry to Bother You!"

The old lady brought a group of girls to the front of the backyard. Her voice was transmitted into the backyard!

"Huh?"

"Who is it?"

Wang Xian, who was resting, revealed a puzzled expression when he heard this voice!

His body moved and he came to the backyard. He opened the door!

"Old Lady, who are you?"

Sensing the energy contained in the old man's body, a hint of surprise flashed across Wang Xian's eyes. He glanced at the back and asked!

"The Dean sent this old lady over!"

The old lady sized up Wang Xian and realized that the strength she sensed was only nine wisps of divine fire. She was also slightly puzzled!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi?"

Wang Xian asked and gestured for everyone to enter. "Everyone, please come in!"

"Okay!"

The old lady nodded and walked into the courtyard!

A group of girls followed behind. They sized up Wang Xian one by one. Some of the girls heaved a sigh of relief!

It was obvious that they didn't reject the handsome and dashing Wang Xian!

"Little brother Wang Xian, these are the outstanding girls of the descendants of Xuan Tian who have yet to get married. Please get to know them!"

The old lady entered and introduced him directly!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. A look of astonishment appeared on his face!

What did she mean!

"The Dean said that little brother is going to marry into the Xuan Tian territory, so he brought you here to see which one you like to cultivate your relationship with!"

The old woman saw his puzzled expression and continued to speak!

"Cough Cough!"

When Wang Xian heard her words, he couldn't help but cough!

Damn, what's going on?

This fellow Xuan Tianzi really wanted him to marry into the Xuan Heaven Domain. He even brought people here for him to choose from?

Fifty to sixty people? What's going on?

Old Woman, that's not right. Is it really good for this madam to do this?