Chapter 2265: At the bottom of Tianze continent

"This... This senior, I will inform Senior Xuan Tianzi about this matter. They should go back first!"

Wang Xian looked at the old lady speechlessly and shook his head!

"Hehe, little brother, don't be shy. I Can't disobey the orders of the headmaster. We, the descendants of Xuan Tian, have 50 to 60 outstanding ladies in the entire Xuan Tian Territory!"

The old lady smiled and said to Wang Xian!

"There's really no need. My main focus is on cultivation now. I don't want to be disturbed by other things!"

Wang Xian continued to shake his head!

"This..."

The old lady was a little stunned. Then, she immediately said, "How about this, little brother, leave a contact information with them through the AI. You can talk to them privately!"

Wang Xian's mouth twitched when he saw her acting like a madam.

However, he raised his eyebrows slightly. This group of girls should be potential users of the Dragon Palace's war pets!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and projected a contact information!

"Girls!"

The old lady gestured to the group of girls!

"You say you don't want it, but your body is very honest!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

One of the girls looked at Wang Xian and walked up to him. She took out her AI and added her contact details!

"Hehe, you're not bad looking!"

Another girl walked over and giggled at Wang Xian!

Wang Xian's face turned black. He felt that it was not them who chose them, but them who chose him!

This...

The group of girls did not have a bad impression of Wang Xian's actions. They did not have the impression that he was sizing them up!

The fifty to sixty girls added in very quickly!

"As long as you have a way to contact them. Little brother Wang Xian, if you like any of them, you can contact them more. As long as you like them, we can make the decision!"

"Then, we won't bother you anymore!"

In order to avoid Wang Xian's embarrassment, the old lady left with her people with a smile!

Wang Xian watched them leave and shook his head speechlessly!

"This Wang Xian is not bad. He is very young and very handsome. Not Bad, not bad!"

"How come thirteenth sister has her eyes on him? Hehe, you can pursue him if you like him too!"

"What nonsense are you talking about? HMPH, my standards are very high!"

"However, this Wang Xian is indeed not bad. It's just that I don't know who he will contact in the future. We have to keep in touch with him. If he finds anyone, let him know immediately to prevent him from stepping on multiple boats!"

"That's right, let's see who he is looking for to chat with. We sisters have to be careful!"

As soon as they walked out of the courtyard, the group of girls started chattering!

Even the old woman at the side was speechless. She moved and left immediately!

"Do any of you girls know about the Dragon Palace's pet shop? Bring me there to take a look!"

The girl who was wearing the blue armor shook her head and asked when she heard their words!

"Auntie, I know where it is, but I've never been there. I'll Take You There!"

"Auntie, do you want to buy a war pet?"

A girl immediately asked!

"Yes, let's go and take a look. I heard that there are more than 20 adult sea monsters. These mounts are very useful at the front line. More than 20 of them charging together is very powerful. Let's go and take a look!"

The girl nodded her head!

"The pet shop of the Dragon Palace's war pets seems to be very famous recently. I want to go and take a look too!"

As the group of girls spoke, they flew out in a chattering manner!

Wang Xian, who had returned to his room, did not hear the conversation outside.

After resting in his room for two whole days, he finally walked out of his room!

"Let's go to the underground sea. This time, I have to gather all the resources needed to advance to the level of the Lord of the eternal gods. As for upgrading the Eternal Kingdom of the Dragon Palace, we'll see when the time comes!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. Without any hesitation, he flew straight towards the north!

He continued to head out from the sea. After flying past the steel beach, Wang Xian entered the sea!

There were also many students and teachers who went out from the sea. Some of them were traveling in groups while others were traveling alone!

The underground sea was the enemy of humans. Killing the sea monsters was something that everyone had to do!

"The weather is a little bad. There should be a rainstorm!"

Wang Xian looked at the sky. Tens of thousands of meters of black clouds were gathered in the sky. Under such circumstances, once the rainstorm started, it would last for at least half a month!

He flew straight to the location in front of him!

After flying for just an hour, it was raining cats and dogs in the sky. Wang Xian looked up and went straight into the sea!

As his cultivation base had improved, he decided to go to the third level of the underground sea to take a look. If he was lucky, he might even encounter a sea monster's lair!

However, even if he was unlucky, he had a solution now!

Not long ago, Wang Xian had asked the divine emperor of Heaven's formation if there was a formation that could trap the eternal divine lord. There was a solution, but he was not strong enough back then!

Now that his strength had increased, he could definitely set up the formation. Furthermore, he had already set up the formation on the five elements grinding mill!

He would be able to use it in an instant!

"Eh? There are many people ahead!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked ahead and realized that there were many people ahead!

"So weak?"

He swept his gaze across and saw the dozens of people. He raised his eyebrows slightly!

All of them were at the godly state. Although this place belonged to the shallow sea area, it was still a little risky!

"Eh, who is that?"

At this moment, Wang Xian swept his gaze across a figure. He felt that it was somewhat familiar. When he fixed his eyes on it, he realized that it was a student!

Yu Bingbing!

Wang Xian had some understanding of this girl. Based on the clothes and the weapons in her hands, Yu Bingbing could be considered the poorest student under him!

Her clothes were a little bad and she didn't have any treasures in her hands. When others were cultivating, she could even use divine stones to aid them. However, she didn't have anything!

He had a deep impression of this girl!

"They must be catching something!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he saw a middle-aged man grabbing something that looked like a crab!

He hesitated for a moment before he flew towards Yu Bingbing!

It would be fine if he didn't see it. Since he saw it, he naturally couldn't let his student take the risk here!

If he ignited a wisp of divine fire, he would die if he was unlucky here!

Buzz

Wang Xian moved and arrived in front of Yu Bingbing!

No one in the surroundings sensed Wang Xian's arrival!

"Ah!"

The sudden appearance of Wang Xian also gave Yu Bingbing a shock. She stared at him and cried out in surprise!

"Teacher... Teacher!"

When he saw Wang Xian's face, he was slightly stunned. Then, he quickly shouted!

"Why aren't you cultivating in the Academy?"

Wang Xian looked at her and raised his eyebrows!

"Teacher, I went out to sea with the people from our fishing village to catch red blood crabs. It's easier to catch them in stormy weather. Furthermore, I know a little about formations, so I came over!"

Yu Bingbing said weakly. With the bloodline of a demonic beast, she could change her fishtail and sway it gently!

"Catch red blood crabs? You're too weak. It's a little dangerous here. If you're not careful, you'll Lose Your Life!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"Fortunately, there's a powerful fishing boat above our fishing village!"

As Yu Bingbing spoke, she pointed upwards!

Wang Xian looked at a fishing boat on the surface of the sea and shook his head. A small boat could withstand the attacks of eight or nine sea monsters!