Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2266: 2266 pirates

"Teacher, are you going... to do what?"

Yu Bingbing asked weakly when she saw Wang Xian shaking his head!

"It's nothing. I'm going to the underground sea to hunt some sea monsters!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said calmly!

"Oh!"

Yu Bingbing nodded her head!

However, her eyes lit up all of a sudden. She waved her arm and a weak formation was slowly formed. She waved her arm forward and headed towards a one-meter-sized red blood crab!

Wang Xian looked over!

The red blood crab was a kind of sea monster at the demigod level. It was also a seafood with a good price. It was delicious!

Yu Bingbing and the people from their fishing village took advantage of the rainstorm to catch the red blood crab to survive!

Obviously, their living conditions were not very good!

In the Tianze continent, many people at the deity level were not living well. Humans were not the masters here. The entire world was filled with danger!

If one wanted to survive, one had to become stronger. If one wanted to become stronger, one had to take risks!

This was especially so for those at the bottom. They were truly risking their lives. If they were unlucky, they would die!

"No matter what, he is still my student. With such low abilities, he is courting death by catching seafood here!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. The aura on his body trembled slightly!

Buzz

In an instant, a terrifying dragon's might swept across the sea area within a 150-kilometer radius!

"What happened?"

Within a radius of more than 100 kilometers, the fishermen who were catching red blood crabs felt this terrifying pressure. Their faces turned extremely pale instantly!

Their eyes scanned their surroundings warily. Their eyes were filled with fear!

"Run! Get back to the ship! Get back to the ship!"

An old man shouted in a hurry!

One by one, the fishermen fled frantically towards the surface of the sea!

"Eh? Teacher!"

Yu Bingbing sensed the terrifying aura around her. She was slightly shocked as she looked at her teacher!

Buzz

Wang Xian didn't say anything. At this moment, all the sea monsters within 150 kilometers were swimming towards them!

Among them, there were a few hundred red blood crabs and a sea monster with three wisps of Divine Fire!

"Any sea monster with three wisps of divine fire will be able to kill you!"

Wang Xian looked at the octopus-like sea monster and said calmly!

"Teacher, what is this?"

Seeing all the sea monsters swimming towards them, Yu Bingbing widened her eyes!

"Peng!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and a water bubble trapped all of them!

"Take them away!"

He said to Yu Bingbing!

"Ah, teacher, this..."

Yu Bingbing's eyes sparkled as she looked at him in a Daze!

"You're my student after all. Now, your main focus is cultivation!"

Wang Xian said to her indifferently!

"What's the situation? Who's the figure in front of Bingbing?"

"This... Let's go over and take a look!"

At the top of the ship, a few fishermen were stunned when they saw the situation. They didn't hesitate and swam straight towards them!

"Let's go up!"

Wang Xian said to her. With a wave of his arm, he brought all the sea monsters up!

When they arrived on the fishing boat, Wang Xian threw all the sea monsters on it, including a three-wisp divine fire!

Wang Xian's sudden appearance threw a large number of red blood crabs onto the fishing boat. The dozens of people on the boat were dumbfounded!

"Teacher... Thank you!"

Yu Bingbing, who was following behind him, came up to Wang Xian gratefully and bowed!

"Is that... is that Bingbing's teacher?"

"Teacher? A teacher from the Xuantian Academy, a powerhouse at the level of the Eternal Lord. Tsk!"

"Quick, quick, let's go pay our respects to this master. Bingbing was able to get into the Xuantian Academy. I shouldn't have allowed her to come this time. This girl is also..."

On the boat, the fishermen saw Yu bingbing addressing that figure as teacher. They walked over respectfully!

"Master!"

The group of fishermen walked over and called out with some restraint. For a moment, they didn't know what to say!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and looked at Yu Bingbing. "Are these people from your fishing village?"

"Yes, teacher. They are all from our clan!"

Yu Bingbing nodded immediately!

"Sir, thank you for taking care of me. Bingbing is a good child. She is the first student from our fishing village to be admitted into the Xuantian Academy!"

"That's right... that's right. We might be a little useless. The little girl has to depend on herself for her cultivation resources. We don't want her to take the risk either!"

An old man walked over with some restraint. He stood there and said in a flustered manner!

"HMM, you're still young. It's better for you to focus on cultivation. When you're stronger, it'll be easier for you to obtain resources!"

Wang Xian said to Yu Bingbing!

"Yes, teacher!"

Yu Bingbing replied with her head lowered!

Wang Xian looked around. It was raining cats and dogs in the sky. He stood there and waved his arm. A wave of energy enveloped the entire ship!

The ship was about 2,000 meters in size. There were many technological weapons on it to resist the attacks of the sea monsters!

Under the cover of Wang Xian, they entered the seabed in an instant!

"Teacher, what are you doing?"

Yu Bingbing looked at her teacher in surprise!

"I just happened to meet you. I'm just helping you out. In the future, cultivate well and strive to enter the realm of the Eternal Lord as soon as possible!"

Wang Xian said to her calmly!

"Sir, what is he doing?"

There were more than a hundred people on the fishing boat. When they saw Wang Xian bringing the fishing boat straight to the bottom of the sea, they were all astonished!

Buzz

After entering a depth of 100 kilometers, Wang Xian stood on the deck and emitted an imposing aura. All the sea monsters within a radius of 150 kilometers immediately swam towards him!

Whoosh

With a wave of his arm, Wang Xian killed all the god-level sea monsters and threw them onto the ship!

"Hiss, this lord is so strong!"

"Bingbing's teacher is so strong. This lord is helping us!"

Seeing that three to four god-level sea monsters were killed in an instant, countless sea monsters swarmed towards them. Over a hundred fishermen widened their eyes in shock!

This was a powerhouse!

"Thank you, teacher!"

Yu Bingbing was touched as she whispered to Wang Xian!

"Thank you, sir! Thank you, Sir!"

The group of fishermen hurried over and knelt on the deck to express their gratitude!

Wang Xian didn't say a word. He took the ship and flew straight down!

With his current strength that was comparable to the level five Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord, the chances of him encountering danger in the first or second level of the underground sea were not high!

His speed was very fast and he had the ability to rule over the water tribe. The sea monsters that were weaker than the nine wisps of divine fire had no resistance at all!

Very soon, Wang Xian brought them to the second level of the Underground Sea!

The number of divine realm sea monsters that he killed had reached more than 200!

"That's about it. Use half of the resources for your cultivation!"

Wang Xian looked at the corpses on the fishing boat and said to Yu Bingbing! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Thank you, teacher. I..."

Yu Bingbing said gratefully but was interrupted by Wang Xian with a wave of his hand!

Buzz

He took the fishing boat and flew towards the surface of the sea!

At the side, the fishermen on the boat were trembling as they looked at the corpses of the godly state sea monsters on the boat!

Among these sea monsters, there were more than ten of them with eight or nine wisps of godly fire. There were also two corpses of sea monsters at the peak of the demigod realm!

This was a huge sum of money for their entire fishing village!

"Huala!"

The fishing boat floated up to the surface of the sea, and the sound of heavy rain hitting the surface of the sea could be heard!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

At this moment, an urgent sound suddenly came from the front!