Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2267: 2267 pirates descended

A rapid sound was heard on the surface of the sea. It was exceptionally clear even in the midst of a rainstorm!

Wang Xian looked over and saw a few ships galloping in the darkness!

Boom

All of a sudden, a rumbling sound was heard. A Ray of blue light illuminated the pitch-black night sky!

A ship in front of them exploded!

"This is? Oh No, there are pirates!"

An old man looked over and immediately approached the deck with a horrified expression!

"Adjust the direction immediately!"

He quickly ordered the other fishermen!

"Pirates? Are there still pirates on the sea?"

Wang Xian asked Yu bingbing curiously!

"Some teachers, there are quite a number of pirates in the Sea of natural selection. They are all people who have broken the law!"

"I heard that some pirates are people from other planets who are wanted. They are hiding in the underground sea. It is said that powerful pirates are also top-notch existences among the Eternal Masters!"

Yu Bingbing replied to Wang Xian!

"Then these pirates are getting a little arrogant!"

Wang Xian opened his dragon eyes of Yin Yang and five elements and swept them forward!

"Eh?"

All of a sudden, he let out a gasp of surprise. His eyes flickered as he stared at an old man on the deck in front of him!

The old man had a ferocious look on his face. He was holding a dark hole in his hand!

His hair was sparse and he looked a little terrifying!

"The level of the eternal lord should be of the darkness attribute. Perfect!"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and waved his arm!

The ship that was turning around was instantly changed direction by him and flew towards the pirate ship!

"Sir, some pirates are very strong and they are very cunning!"

The old man immediately reminded Wang Xian!

"It's Alright!"

Wang Xian didn't mind it. He wanted to try something!

"Ahhhh!"

Before he could get close, screams of agony could be heard from the fishing boat that was being chased!

Wang Xian's gaze was locked onto the pirate boat! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Buzz

Wang Xian took out the five elements millstone and threw it forward!

Boom! Boom

In an instant, the entire space underwent a terrifying change!

A radius of more than a thousand kilometers was covered by a huge horror!

Black holes appeared in this area in a chaotic manner!

Hundreds of black holes appeared out of thin air, causing the entire area to be extremely chaotic!

"What is this?"

"This is bad!"

At the spot in front of them, the expression of the pirate elder who was standing on the deck changed drastically. He stared at the surrounding space with a face full of fear!

"It's a formation!"

The old man's expression changed slightly!

"Boss, what's Going On!"

At this moment, everyone's faces revealed an incomparably fearful expression!

The Sky suddenly changed drastically. Hundreds of black holes tore at the surrounding space, as if they wanted to tear everything apart!

The surrounding energy was incomparably chaotic!

This area was incomparably terrifying!

Everyone, including the group of pirates, were also incomparably terrified!

This was the might of a formation, but what kind of formation was this? How could it be so strange! !

"Bingbing, how can your teacher be so powerful, this..."

A middle-aged man could not help but walk up to Yu Bingbing. He looked at his surroundings with a slight tremble as he asked in shock!

"Third uncle, I don't know either. I... I just entered the mysterious Sky Academy, but teacher shouldn't be simple!"

Yu Bingbing was also looking at her surroundings in shock!

She had seen an eternal lord-level powerhouse before. However, this was the first time she had seen such a terrifying scene!

Splash

The fishing boat moved forward. The two fishing boats that were being chased by Wang Xian dodged to the side in horror!

They looked at Wang Xian who was standing proudly on the deck. Their faces were filled with shock!

"An expert at the level of the Eternal Lord?"

A hoarse voice rang out. On the pirate ship, an old man was floating slowly in the air, staring coldly at Wang Xian!

He was not afraid of the terrifying scene around him!

As long as he was on high alert, he could escape at any time!

"Pirate?"

Wang Xian looked at the old man who was floating in the air, emitting a terrifying dark force. He raised his eyebrows!

"Keke, let me give you a piece of advice. Don't meddle in other people's business. Otherwise... you will pay a heavy price!"

The old man stared at Wang Xian coldly as he spoke!

A gush of blood rushed toward Wang Xian!

"Hiss!"

On the fishing boat, Yu Bingbing and the rest felt this terrifying aura. Their faces were filled with horror!

"Trash!"

Wang Xian stared at the old man and said in disdain!

They waved their arms and a grey chain directly wrapped around the old man!

"You..."

When the old man heard Wang Xian's contemptuous words, anger appeared on his face!

Hualala

However, in the next moment, the anger on his face quickly turned into fear. The grey chain instantly arrived in front of him!

His expression changed drastically. The skeleton in his hand spat out a terrifying black light!

The black light landed on it, but there was no trace of it!

"Run!"

In an instant, his forehead was filled with cold sweat!

He was undefeatable, and the other party was much stronger than him!

"Weng!"

His heart moved, and he wanted to return to the eternal divine kingdom!

His figure began to turn illusory, but he suddenly discovered to his horror that a wave of energy was actually obstructing him, making it impossible for him to return to the eternal divine kingdom!

"Oh no, it's the surrounding formation!"

"What kind of needle technique is this? I've never heard of it before!"

The old man's expression changed drastically. His face was filled with fear and Panic!

Crash

The chains trapped him, rendering him unable to move at all!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and pulled his arm gently!

"No, no, what kind of formation is this!"

The old man roared at Wang Xian in fear. He couldn't break free from the chains!

"How dare a guy who has only mastered two laws be so arrogant!"

Wang Xian looked at him indifferently!

"Let me go, Please, please let me go. I'll do whatever you want me to do. Let Me Go!"

The ferocious and terrifying old man shouted in fear!

Buzz

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian ignored him. He waved his arm and cast soul catcher towards him!

"Ahhhh!"

A painful scream came out from the old man's mouth. Wang Xian retracted his soul capture power!

"Summon Your Eternal Kingdom!"

Wang Xian said to the old man who had a blank look on his face!

"Huh?"

Seeing that the old man was in a daze and didn't say anything, the dragon power on his body covered him!

"Summon Your Eternal Kingdom!"

Wang Xian shouted softly. His voice exploded in his mind!

"Summon the Eternal Kingdom!"

The old man muttered. In the sky above him, a huge dark kingdom slowly appeared!

"Hehe, it's a success!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a hint of excitement!

His method of deterrence was similar to taming the sea monsters. However, he used the soul-absorbing power!

The soul-absorbing power was not fully used. It could cause people to be in a trance or even inflict serious mental damage. It was still possible to use the dragon's might to cover some of his actions!

"In this case, there is hope to increase the level of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. He was in a great mood!

Behind him, Yu Bingbing and the rest were looking at this scene in shock!

An eternal lord who had mastered two laws was instantly killed. He couldn't even escape!

Instantly killed!