Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2268: 2268 extreme cold sea area

"Bang!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and a powerful force landed on the pirate Elder's head. At the same time, he used all his soul-absorbing power!

Buzz

A large amount of information entered Wang Xian's mind. With a wave of his arm, he kept the pirate Elder's eternal kingdom and his corpse. Then, he looked forward!

Rumble

The sound of thunder could be heard from the sky. A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky and illuminated the entire sky!

On the pirate ship in front, all the pirates looked at this scene in horror!

Their boss, their boss who was at the level of the Eternal Lord, was actually killed!

This...

Crash

At this moment, the sound of chains could be heard. They stared at them with despair on their faces!

"Sir, don't Kill Us, don't Kill Us!"

The pirates were begging for mercy. Wang Xian swept his gaze across them. None of them were good people!

"Ahhhh!"

The screams were extremely urgent. They came and left as fast as they came!

Wang Xian took out the treasure-seeking ants from the mother nest and sent waves of Aura into his mind!

With a wave of his arm, some of the treasures were directly stored in his bag!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his hand and recalled the five elements Millstone!

The black holes in the formation disappeared. One by one, the black holes filled with chaotic energy disappeared!

Crash

The sound of the rainstorm entered his ears. Dozens of kilometers ahead, the two ships that were being chased by the Pirates looked at this scene in shock.

"Yu Bingbing, you should go back. If you don't ignite five or six wisps of divine fire in the future, try not to go deep into the underground sea. If you need cultivation resources, come and look for me!"

"There's no need to be embarrassed. I can easily obtain the things that you exchanged with your life!"

Wang Xian looked at Yu Bingbing as he spoke. Then, he moved and entered the sea!

"Teacher!"

Yu bingbing shouted from behind. When she saw Wang Xian's disappearing figure, she opened her mouth slightly!

"Bingbing, you have found a good teacher. He is simply too powerful. He killed a level two pirate of the Eternal God Lord casually. He is too powerful!"

"That's right, Bingbing. This teacher is really good to you. This time, sir has captured many sea monsters for us. It is enough for us to live in the fishing village for more than ten years!"

"Bingbing, don't follow us anymore in the future. Cultivate well. With the help of that Sir, Bingbing, you might be able to reach the level of eternal Lord!"

"That's right, that's right. Bingbing might be able to become the first eternal lord in our fishing village in the future!"

Seeing Wang Xian leave, the fishermen walked up to Yu Bingbing with excitement and excitement on their faces!

"Teacher is... He is very good. I will also cultivate seriously in the future!"

Yu Bingbing nodded her head. Her face was filled with admiration and yearning!

Just now, her teacher waved his hand casually and instantly changed the spatial domain within a radius of thousands of kilometers. A level two eternal lord-level powerhouse was killed casually!

When would she be able to do it?

"In the future, I must train hard and not let down my teacher and the people in the village!"

Yu Bingbing clenched her fists tightly. Her eyes were filled with determination!

Wang Xian didn't mind helping his student casually and killed a bunch of pirates casually!

On the contrary, he gained a lot by killing that pirate leader!

The Pirates of the second level of the Eternal Lord, the Eternal Kingdom of Darkness!

Currently, the Dragon Palace had devoured the Divine Kingdom of fire, Thunder, Earth, and darkness attributes. It was still lacking the five attributes of metal, wood, water, wind, and light!

Once it devoured these five attributes, the Dragon Palace would be able to level up!

At that time, even if he was in danger, he would be able to return to the Dragon Palace instantly!

"This level two corpse of the Master of the Eternal God will be able to increase the number of masters in the Dragon Palace. When I reach the level of the Master of the Eternal God and when the Dragon Palace's level increases, I can send the disciples of the Dragon Palace over!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

After all, this underground sea was a good place for the Dragon Palace to Level Up!

"The memories of that old pirate are interesting. Forget it, the Pirates in my memories are not weak. I can't afford to offend them for the time being!"

Wang Xian recalled the information he obtained from the old pirate.

At a certain part of the underground sea, there was a place where pirates gathered. It was located at the deepest part of the Underground Sea!

There were more than ten thousand pirates gathered there. The strongest one among them had mastered nine laws!

There were a few hundred of them at the level of the Eternal Lord. It could be said to be a pirate lair!

The other party was too strong. Even Wang Xian didn't dare to go there to hunt down that group of pirates!

Apart from this information, he also obtained a piece of information that was very useful to him at the moment!

There were a large number of eternal lord-level creatures in the extremely cold sea. The northern howling celestial wolf, the Explosive Ice Bear, the underground deep-sea whale, and so on!

Among them, the northern howling celestial wolf and the explosive ice bear were not of a very high level. They were below level three or four of the eternal lord-level!

The underground deep-sea whale was relatively stronger. This kind of creature was huge and of a very high level. It could even reach level seven or level eight of the eternal lord-level!

It was best to escape immediately if one encountered such an existence! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The extremely cold sea was where this old pirate hid when he didn't know where the pirates gathered!

He had lived there for thousands of years!

"The extremely cold sea is a little far from here. If I were to fly there, I would need at least an entire day's time. However, this old pirate knows more about the extremely cold sea. It's much better than trying my luck in this area!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and decided to go and take a look!

In this area, he was completely blind. He could only go deep into the underground sea. If he was lucky, he could catch some powerful sea monsters. If he was unlucky, he would have to waste his time!

The last time he was able to catch so many sea monsters from the lord of the horses so easily was because he was lucky!

Many eternal lord level sea monsters would place their eternal kingdom in the deepest part of the sea, which was also the deepest part!

That was where all kinds of eternal lord level sea monsters gathered.

And that place was also very dangerous!

Even if Wang Xian had a formation to trap eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters, he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to capture more eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters!

However, the extreme cold sea area was different. It was covered by glaciers!

The thickness of the ice layer could reach two to three layers of depth in some places!

Moreover, due to the extreme cold, some sea monsters did not like the environment there. Therefore, there were fewer types of sea monsters there!

Since Wang Xian had made up his mind, he flew straight towards the extreme cold sea area!

The extreme cold sea area was located in the north. It was also known as the extreme cold northern region!

Flying in the sky, Wang Xian used his fastest speed and teleportation to advance towards the Arctic Northern Region!

A day later, Wang Xian sensed the changes in the surrounding temperature. The cold wind was biting cold!

To be able to make him feel the biting cold wind, one could imagine the temperature here!

It was at least a few thousand degrees below zero, or even tens of thousands of degrees!

The surface of the sea below disappeared. What entered his eyes was a vast expanse of white land. This was naturally not land, but the surface of the sea, the frozen surface of the sea.

Some sea monsters could be seen on the surface of the sea. Some were hunting, and some were leisurely strolling!