Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2269: 2269 ice wolf pack

"Arctic Northern Region!"

Wang Xian looked at this world of ice and frost with a glint in his eyes!

In this world of ice and frost, there weren't many sea monsters. However, compared to other places, they were much stronger!

"With the experience of that pirate elder, I'm like a fish in water here!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and landed on the surface of the ice!

Buzz

Standing on the ice, Wang Xian immediately activated his yin-yang five elements dragon eyes and scanned his surroundings coldly!

As he walked on the ice, cracking sounds could be heard!

The northern wind whistled and was extremely cold. When the bone-chilling wind landed on his body, even the weak ones would tremble in fear!

The thickness of the ice was something that even Wang Xian could not detect. He walked on the ice calmly and scanned the area in front of him!

After walking for more than ten minutes, Wang Xian suddenly stopped walking on the ice surface!

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, the ice surface suddenly cracked open. A claw that was as cold as ice came straight at him!

"Little shrimp!"

Wang Xian was not surprised by the attack from below. A smile appeared on his face!

With a wave of his arm, he instantly transformed into a dragon claw and grabbed the sea monster below!

The ice rock shrimp was a sea monster with nine wisps of divine fire. It possessed a terrifying penetrative and freezing power!

Information about this sea monster appeared in Wang Xian's mind. His body trembled and he immediately began to tame it!

"Bang Bang!"

More than ten minutes later, the ice rock shrimp made a sound of collision. Wang Xian smiled!

"Go, Bring Me to your lair!"

Wang Xian ordered the ice rock shrimp!

"Bang! Bang!"

The icy rock shrimp made a crisp sound and nodded respectfully at Wang Xian!

At the side, under the layer of ice, there was a cave entrance. The cave entrance was five meters wide and was about the same size as the icy rock shrimp!

The Arctic North region was a very dangerous place. It was so dangerous that five to six wisps of godly state experts could not survive here!

It was just like the surface of the ice. It looked extremely safe, but in fact, there might be sea monsters waiting for an opportunity to launch a sneak attack!

The sea monsters in the extreme cold northern region were mostly white, snow-white, and ice-white. They were hidden in the ice layer and did not move at all. Their temperature was almost the same as the ice layer!

Under such circumstances, it was very difficult to discover them. Once they were ambushed, they might very well become food for the sea monsters!

Wang Xian had the experience of the pirate and possessed the dragon eyes of the yin-yang and five elements. It was very difficult for him to launch a sneak attack on him!

Unless he was an expert at the level of the Eternal Lord!

However, with the experience of the pirate, Wang Xian was able to avoid danger!

"Under normal circumstances, these icy rock shrimps wouldn't exist alone. Other than the deep-sea whales and individual sea monsters, there are very few sea monsters that live alone here!"

Wang Xian followed the crack under the ice layer. At a glance, it looked like an underground maze!

The ice rock shrimp led the way and walked down for a few kilometers. Then, a passageway appeared on the left and they continued walking towards the left!

After walking for more than ten minutes, they entered the ice layer which was about tens of thousands of meters deep. Then, a grand hall appeared!

It was a little exaggerated to say that the grand hall was filled with nests. These were all the divine kingdoms of the ice rock shrimp!

These divine kingdoms were made of a type of ice rock and emitted an icy cold glow!

"Not bad, not bad. There are more than 30 nests in total. Although they are just ice rock shrimps with nine wisps of divine fire, they are still a decent income!"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up. It seemed like he had come to the right place!

He moved and a terrifying dragon aura covered the entire area. Chains entered the nest one after another!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The sounds of continuous collisions were heard. Soon, the entire ice rock shrimps were caught in one go!

Wang Xian kept all the icy rock prawn into his mother nest and looked around!

The nest of more than 30 icy rock prawn was located in this layer of ice!

The nests of the other sea monsters were also located in this layer of ice!

Even many nests of the eternal lord level were also located in this layer of ice!

It was extremely safe to place the nest in this layer of ice. The entire Arctic northern region was so huge, and there were countless types of sea monsters contained in it!

No one dared to come here and dig through the ice layer wantonly to search for sea monsters. If they encountered a powerful existence, they wouldn't be able to escape!

Even if Wang Xian had the dragon eyes of the yin-yang and five elements, he didn't dare to travel through the ice layer wantonly!

Traveling through here would cause a commotion and alert the surrounding sea monsters!

Following the path he took to return to the ice surface, Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and continued to walk on it!

After walking for about tens of kilometers, Wang Xian was attacked by the sea monsters under the ice again!

Wang Xian easily ruled over the eight wisps of divine fire level sea monsters!

Following that, Wang Xian ordered them to enter the nest. It was another good harvest!

"This method is indeed not bad. In five days, I managed to harvest more than a thousand sea monsters!"

Wang Xian came out from a cave in the ice layer with a smile on his face!

He had been walking aimlessly on the ice for the past few days. The harvest was indeed not cheap!

Although there were no eternal lord-level sea monsters, he had obtained more than a thousand sea monsters with seven to eight wisps of divine fire!

However, with so many sea monsters, not every one of them was suitable to be a pet!

Some sea monsters were not easy to sell even if they were tamed well. It was not suitable!

Take the ice rock shrimp for example. They were more suitable to survive in the extremely cold northern region. If they went to other places, their strength would be greatly reduced!

"I'll stay up there for a few more days. In a few days, I'll head to the area below the ice layer!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he continued to walk forward!

When he saw a protruding iceberg in front of him, his body moved and he immediately flew up! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Eh!"

Just as Wang Xian landed on the iceberg, he looked ahead with a look of astonishment!

"The Northern Howling Celestial Wolf?"

His eyes widened slightly as he stared straight ahead!

"No, it's not the northern howling celestial wolf. The Northern Howling Celestial Wolf is at the level of the Eternal Lord. This is the northern expedition wolf, a northern expedition wolf at the peak of the Godly State!"

Wang Xian bent his body slightly and stared at the pack of wolves hundreds of kilometers ahead!

There were a few thousand wolf packs. They had snow-white bodies and were five meters in size. They had icy-cold eyes!

"This wolf pack is comparable to dozens of level one eternal Lord Sea Monsters!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

More ants can kill an elephant!

It was not that the weak could not defeat the strong. More than a hundred experts at the peak of the godly state could fight against one level one eternal Lord!

If it were not for this exaggerated stage, 30 to 40 rank one eternal God lords would be able to fight against or even kill a rank two eternal God Lord!

More than a thousand rank one eternal God lords could kill a rank three eternal God Lord!

For example, peak God Realm Eternal God lords would need a lot of weak people to fight against!

There were at least 3 to 4,000 wolves in front of them. Even a rank two eternal god Lord would need to go all out to deal with them!

At the very least, he would need at least a dozen level 1 eternal lord to dare to provoke them!

"Killing this pack of wolves is more profitable than what I earned a few days ago. Furthermore, with so many Northern Expedition Wolves tamed and sold, they will definitely be popular!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes. His eyes were sparkling!