Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2270: 2270 was invincible

"Wolves are a very united creature. However, if I were to charge forward, these three to four thousand ice wolves would definitely not dare to accept the challenge. After all, they are much stronger than me!"

"If I were to charge forward, this pack of ice wolves should be able to escape. This is the surface of the ice. If they were to dive into the ice layer with all their might, I might not even be able to catch half of them!"

Wang Xian stared at the pack of Ice Wolves in front of him as he calculated in his heart!

This was not the grassland. If he were to encounter this pack of wolves, Wang Xian would rush over immediately. Even if the other party wanted to escape, they would not be able to escape!

However, this was different. Once Wang Xian was strong to a certain extent, the ice wolves would not be stupid. They would immediately flee!

In the Arctic Northern Region, if the sea monsters wanted to escape, they would have to dive into the ice layer. If three to four thousand ice wolves were to dive into the ice layer at the same time, it would be considered good if Wang Xian could catch half of them!

I have to set up the formation in advance. I Can't let them escape

Wang Xian thought to himself. It was not easy for him to encounter a pack of wolves. There were three to four thousand ice wolves at the peak of the godly state. He could not let them escape!

The formation not only needs to seal the four sides but also the ice layer when it is more than a hundred kilometers away

Wang Xian calculated in his mind as he recalled the functions of each formation!

"Roar! Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a roar was suddenly heard from the pack of wolves in front of him!

Wang Xian was slightly stunned as he looked over with a face full of astonishment!

"A bunch of animals. Today, I will use my invincible battle techniques to temper my divine arts. I will fight for three days and three nights!"

A voice filled with arrogance was suddenly heard!

At the back of the pack of wolves, a figure rushed into the pack of wolves. The figure was dressed in white and his long hair was scattered behind him. He held a silver-white longsword in his hand!

His long robe fluttered in the wind and his face was filled with arrogance!

He exuded the aura of the Eternal Lord!

A young man who had reached the Eternal Lord Realm and comprehended a law could definitely be called a peerless spoiled child!

"A level one eternal lord dares to charge into the pack of wolves. He sure has guts!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and saw that there was no one else around. He raised his eyebrows slightly!

Using the ice wolves as his trial stone, even though the eternal god Lord could escape in an instant, he wouldn't be able to achieve the effect of the trial if he didn't fight!

Judging from the young man's stance, it was obvious that he wouldn't escape after a casual fight!

"Awooo!"

When the three to four thousand ice wolves saw that someone actually dared to charge at them, they revealed furious expressions!

They immediately surrounded him in unison, their faces filled with ice as they stared at him coldly!

The entire pack of wolves did not fear a god Lord who grasped a single law!

"Hahaha, a bunch of beasts. They still want to surround me and attack me with invincible battle techniques. Take This!"

When the young man saw that he was surrounded, he did not have the slightest bit of fear. The silver-white longsword in his hand swung out in all directions!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

The entire silver-white longsword was like ice. One after another, ice swords shot out in all directions!

"Ao ao ao!"

The pack of ice wolves that surrounded the young man directly pounced forward!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Hundreds of ice wolves pounced forward and bit onto the ice swords one by one!

The sound of collision rang out!

The young man's attack was instantly neutralized by hundreds of northern Wolves!

The ice-expedition wolves were already at the peak of the deity realm. A few hundred of them would be able to fend off an eternal god Lord Rank 1!

However, after the few hundred ice-expedition wolves broke through the young man's attack, they did not continue to attack!

Several hundred more ice-expedition wolves instantly charged out from the rear and charged over!

"Cunning thing, I, invincible in my battle techniques, have been invincible for several hundred years. I have suppressed everyone of my generation. With just you bunch of beasts, you still want to take turns fighting me!"

Invincible in his combat techniques had an ugly look on his face when he saw how cunning the ice wolves were!

However, he was still shouting arrogantly and arrogantly!

"This kid is a little narcissistic. Why is he talking so much nonsense when he is fighting against a pack of wolves? !"

Wang Xian stood on the iceberg and watched indifferently. He was a little speechless when he heard invincible in his combat techniques!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Ice Wolves were not jealous. A few hundred ice wolves pounced on him with a terrifying aura!

Within a radius of a few thousand kilometers, Frost covered the area. Invincible in battle techniques was located in the middle of the area. His face was filled with a solemn expression!

"Crash!"

At this moment, the white robe on his body emitted streams of frost. The Frost surrounded him. The Ice Arrows released by the Ice Wolves landed on the frost arrows. Even if they were not blocked by him, they were blocked by the surrounding frost!

"Eh?"

A hint of surprise flashed across Wang Xian's eyes as he looked over!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

In the next moment, Wang Xian saw the sharp dragon claws of the ice wolves landing in front of invincible in battle technique. However, they were easily blocked by the surrounding frost!

"Bastard, go to hell!"

After his attack was blocked, invincible in battle technique revealed a cold expression. The silver-white longsword in his hand pierced through the ice wolves!

"Pu!"

The sword instantly pierced through the ice-breaking wolf!

"Roar Roar!"

That ice-breaking wolf was incomparably ferocious. Before it died, it pounced towards invincible battle technique!

"Roar Roar!"

In the surroundings, more than ten ice-breaking wolves pounced towards him as if they were risking their lives!

"Damn it!"

Invincible battle technique's expression was unsightly. He waved the silver-white longsword in his hand!

"Thousand miles of ice seal!"

One after another, extremely terrifying frost fell on the bodies of the dozen or so ice wolves, instantly freezing them!

"AO AO!"

However, in less than half a second, the dozen or so ice wolves behind him continued to pounce over!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

One after another, their claws landed in front of unrivaled battle technique, but they were all easily blocked by the frost around him!

"With just you bunch of beasts, you still want to hurt me? Die!"

Invincible continued to roar. He swung his silver-white longsword and instantly killed more than a dozen ice wolves!

Wang Xian's face turned black when he saw this scene!

"D * mn, the white clothes on this guy's body are a powerful defensive treasure. The Ice Wolves can't break through his defense at all!"

"Honing his divine arts? He even cheated when he faced a northern expedition wolf that was at the peak of the Godly State!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and his expression didn't look too good!

This fellow was too thick-skinned. He even used such a powerful defensive treasure when he was facing someone who was weaker than him!

Most importantly, this fellow was shouting while fighting!

"This won't do. If I let him continue killing like this, at least hundreds or even thousands of ice-expedition wolves will die!"

Wang Xian thought to himself with a dark expression!

He didn't hesitate at all. Now that the ice wolves were attracted to him, it would be easier for him to set up a formation!

Once the formation was set up, all the ice wolves would be his!

Wang Xian's figure slowly turned illusory as he approached the position in front of him! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Now that he had used his concealment technique, even those who were stronger than him wouldn't be able to detect him!

However, once he set up a formation, he would be discovered immediately!

Buzz

When Wang Xian arrived at the 50 kilometers position where the Ice Wolf Pack was battling against the invincible combat technique, he waved his arm and set up a formation on the ice surface!

Formation: above the ground!