Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2271: 2271 taming the pack of Ice Wolves

Above the ground of the formation, it could make the ground indestructible!

This was a formation to prevent some earth elemental experts from escaping from the ground. It would activate the metal attribute of the world and set up a formation!

Of course, Wang Xian didn't need to activate the metal attribute!

Once the formation was set up, the weak wouldn't be able to break through the ground!

"Awooooo!"

The undulations from behind and the surface of the ice emitted a golden glow. In an instant, it attracted the attention of many ice wolves!

Out of the 3,000 to 4,000 ice wolves, there were only about a thousand of them. The rest were all surrounding the area!

Some of the ice wolves looked over and let out roars!

"Awoo! Awoo!"

Hundreds of ice wolves saw Wang Xian and stared at him with cold and alert eyes!

Wang Xian's expression did not change. After the formation on the ground was set up, the next thing to do was to set up the formation around him!

However, Wang Xian was not prepared to set up the formation around him. His body shook and the Taiji diagram slowly appeared around him!

The Taiji rose into the sky and expanded at a terrifying speed. It surrounded the surroundings directly!

"Huh? What's the situation?"

Invincible, who was surrounded by the pack of ice wolves, did not sense the changes in the surroundings at the first instance!

When he saw the ice wolves around him scanning the surroundings and roaring in alarm, he was astonished!

He looked at the ground and quickly sensed his surroundings. His expression changed slightly!

"This ice wolves pack is the spoils of War of my invincible battle techniques. If anyone dares to snatch it, my invincible battle techniques will definitely kill them without mercy!"

Invincible battle techniques immediately roared loudly!

He had been paying attention to this ice wolves pack for a long time. It was not easy for him to have a good battle with them. Now, an accident actually happened!

"Buzz!"

At the next moment, a terrifying pressure filled the entire space!

Invincible battle technique's expression changed slightly, and his eyes were filled with a solemn expression!

"Who dares to snatch my invincible battle technique's spoils of War? Are you courting death?"

He roared angrily and flew up into the sky without caring about the ice wolves surrounding him!

More than ten ice wolves pounced at him, their sharp claws landing on his body!

However, the frost around his body did not move at all. He was not affected in the slightest!

Even if he stood there and let three to four thousand ice wolves attack him, he reckoned that they would not be able to kill him!

When Wang Xian heard this blabbering battle tactic invincible bellow, the corner of his mouth twitched!

"Little guy, this is not a trial like yours!"

When Wang Xian saw that the entire space was surrounded, he walked towards the pack of wolves indifferently!

When he saw that Wang Xian was invincible when he flew into the sky and completely ignored the attacks of the ice wolves, he said with some disdain!

"Huh?"

Invincible looked at Wang Xian immediately and locked onto him!

Following that, he scanned his surroundings in astonishment!

Within a radius of a few thousand kilometers, he was surrounded by a black and white energy. The ice layer below was emitting a faint golden light!

The powerful energy caused a serious expression to appear on his face!

"Mind your words. I don't think you are very old. It's best if you distinguish your age when you speak!"

Invincible in combat stared at him with a serious expression!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and ignored him. He waved his arm!

"Hualala!"

In an instant, a chain extended out from his hand and wrapped itself around the ice wolves in front of him!

"Awoo! Awoo!"

Thousands of ice wolves stared at Wang Xian with fierce eyes!

"What are you doing? These ice wolves are the spoils of my invincible battle technique. You're disturbing my training and you want to snatch these ice wolves away?"

"Is it because my invincible battle technique hasn't made a move for a long time that the world has forgotten my prowess!"

Invincible battle technique stared at Wang Xian and shouted. The silver-white longsword in his hand was pointed at Wang Xian!

"Hualala!"

Wang Xian took a glance at him and raised his eyebrows. A chain was launched at him!

"Good! Good! I will teach you a good lesson today!"

Invincible battlemage was furious when he saw Wang Xian attacking him. He shouted and slashed his silver-white longsword at the chain!

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

The chain landed on the silver-white Longsword with a clashing sound!

However, at this moment, Invincible's face turned gloomy. He attacked with all his strength, but he couldn't break the chain!

Whoosh

At this moment, the chain directly coiled around his body!

Whoosh

The chain coiled around Invincible's body. At this moment, Wang Xian was astonished!

His attack couldn't break the frost around invincible!

One must know that his strength was comparable to an eternal divine lord who had mastered five laws!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and carefully observed the frost surrounding him and his clothes!

"HMPH, you're dreaming if you want to break my defense!"

Invincible battle technique's expression was extremely ugly at this moment. However, he was still arrogant as he stared at Wang Xian with disdain!

"Bang!"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he didn't hesitate at all. Numerous chains wrapped around his body and threw him heavily onto the ground!

"Boom!"

The powerful force caused the entire ground to tremble!

Invincible's body was horizontally horizontally. Even with the protection of treasures, he was still a little stunned at this moment!

The impact force was no joke!

"What a strong defense!"

Wang Xian was astonished. He couldn't break the defense of Invincible's treasure. This made his eyes shine!

"Forget it. I don't know if Invincible is his name. Even if he isn't, he belongs to the war tactics aristocrat clan!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

The war tactics aristocrat clan was one of the four major forces in the Tianze continent. It was comparable to the Xuan Heaven Domain!

This invincible combat style aristocrat clan possessed such strength at such a young age. Furthermore, they were protected by precious treasures. He must be an outstanding disciple of the combat style aristocrat clan!

Wang Xian ignored him. His gaze swept across the surroundings. Chains were binding all the ice wolves!

Looking at this pack of ice wolves, Wang Xian laughed!

With so many ice wolves, they were comparable to dozens of sea monsters at the first level of the Eternal Lord Realm. This time, he had made a huge profit. However, he was still a little short of the resources needed to upgrade to the Eternal Lord Realm!

"Crash!"

"Boom!"

Wang Xian pulled his arm and pulled all the ice wolves in front of him. At the same time, a vast pressure covered the northern wolves!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

One by one, the ice wolves let out a low roar. Their bodies were slowly trembling as they laid on the ice surface!

"This aura is so strong. From his aura, it's obvious that he's very young. How can he be so strong? !"

Invincible battle technique, who was lying on the ice, revealed a shocked expression as he stared at Wang Xian in astonishment!

"HMM? What is he doing? Is he taming? Is He a Master Beast Tamer?" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Following that, he saw Wang Xian walking to the front of an ice wolf. After more than ten minutes, the ice wolf actually stuck out its tongue and licked him!

"Damn it, you bastard. This pack of ICE Wolves are my spoils of war!"

Soon, invincible realized that he was going to tame this pack of Ice Wolves!

His expression changed slightly. He stood up immediately and shouted at Wang Xian angrily!

Crash

However, very soon, chains wrapped around him and suppressed him horizontally on the ice surface!