Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2272: 2272 was suppressing the current generation

"You, you, you, I'm Warning You, let me go immediately. Otherwise, I, invincible in combat, will definitely not let you go in the future!"

"You... Just You Wait, let me go, let me go immediately!"

"If you have the guts, then let me go. Let's have a fair duel. I followed this pack of wolves for more than three months before they all came out of the ice cave. You, this fellow, are robbing!"

Numerous chains were wrapped around his invincible body, causing him to be unable to move his body horizontally on the ground!

Although he had the protection of the ultimate treasure, he could not break free from the suppression of the chains. He could only lay horizontally on the surface of the ice as he glared at Wang Xian and shouted fiercely!

Wang Xian ignored him. However, he was also on guard against this fellow!

For him to possess such a powerful defensive treasure, it was not necessarily impossible for him to possess a treasure that could kill a powerhouse!

After making the necessary precautions, Wang Xian continued to tame the ice wolves one by one!

Wang Xian had nothing to hide about his beast taming skills. Since he was selling his battle pets, others would naturally know that he was a Master Beast Tamer!

Taming a beast under the eyes of invincible in battle techniques was nothing!

"You can't win against me, yet you want to snatch my spoils of war. You despicable fellow!"

Seeing that Wang Xian didn't care about him at all, invincible battle technique revealed an extremely furious expression on his face!

This was a pack of wolves that he had been following for a few months. Such a pack of wolves was rare even in the Arctic Northern Region!

Three to four thousand ice wolves were a huge sum of money to him!

"I can't defeat you?"

Wang Xian glanced at invincible battle technique speechlessly and realized that he was staring at him with a flushed face!

"He is quite handsome and his strength is not bad. It's just that there's something wrong with his brain!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he continued to tame the ice wolf!

"You..."

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, invincible battle technique almost vomited blood!

"Invincible battle technique is able to suppress all the young people in this generation. How Dare You Insult Me? Although I'm not your opponent now, the river flows east for thirty years and the river flows west for thirty years. Don't bully the young people who are poor!"

"I'm warning you now. Let Me Go. Otherwise, we will definitely be enemies. With my talent, it won't be long before I master the Second Law. Soon, I will master the third and fourth law. I'm warning you..."

Invincible in his battle techniques continued to roar as he glared at Wang Xian with anger!

Wang Xian:"...".

He ignored this middle-aged man and continued to tame the ice-breaking wolves!

Taming beasts required time. Even he had to spend a lot of time to do so, especially when there were three to four thousand ice-breaking wolves!

Taming all the ice-breaking wolves would require at least four to five days!

Invincible battle technique talked for a full ten minutes before he stopped when he saw Wang Xian ignoring him!

At this moment, he was a little hesitant. Should he return to his eternal divine kingdom immediately?

Although Wang Xian had trapped him, he could leave in an instant if he wanted to escape!

However, he was unwilling to leave just like that!

As a warrior clan, the most outstanding and youngest God Lord of the Immortal Warrior clan, it was too embarrassing for him to escape with his tail between his legs!

"However, what else can I do if I don't return?"

He mumbled and his face turned a little black!

"This fellow's beast taming speed is so fast. How can it be so fast? Could it be that he is a master god of level seven or eight, or even level eight or nine?"

"Impossible. This fellow is so young. He can only comprehend two, no, three laws at most!"

"However, is the Beast Tamer's combat ability weaker because of the consumption of his blood essence and mental strength due to beast taming? How can this fellow be so strong?"

Invincible battle technique stared at Wang Xian with a twinkle in his eyes. His mind was racing non-stop!

Wang Xian was so young and so strong. It was completely out of his expectations. This made him feel indignant!

Especially since the other party had suppressed him and snatched away his spoils of war!

"Brother, this ice-breaking wolf is the spoils of war that I have been following for a few months. You can take it away now. However, you have to give me half of the tamed ice-breaking Wolf Battle Pet!"

After hesitating for a while, invincible said calmly. His voice was much gentler!

"Are you an idiot?"

When Wang Xian heard his words, his hands stopped moving. He turned around and looked at him!

"You... you are the idiot. You are the Idiot!"

"One-third. I Can't take any less!"

"One-fourth is fine, right? Don't go overboard!"

"One-fifth, this is the final line of my invincible battle technique. Don't Anger Me!"

"One-sixth, you are the first person to make my invincible battle technique take a step back!"

...

This fellow started to scream again. Wang Xian was helpless. He used his spiritual energy to seal his ears, refusing to listen!

"Brother, fifty battle pets. Consider it as a friendship!"

After a full two hours and an hour of silence, Wang Xian withdrew his spiritual energy. Then, invincible battle technique spoke with an embarrassed expression!

"One battle pet exchanged for 50 pills of the same level. He wants to exchange for the resources of the pills!"

Wang Xian spoke to him indifferently!

"You took my things and sold them to me. You are going too far!"

"I, invincible battle technique, will remember today's humiliation. When I step into the Ninth Heaven in the future, I will definitely send you to the Netherworld!"

Invincible in battle tactics began to roar again!

"Stupid!"

"Go and water this idiot!"

Wang Xian glanced at him and said to the few ice wolves that had been tamed by him!

"Roar! Roar!"

The ice wolves understood what he meant. They walked up to invincible in battle tactics and raised their legs to pour water on the frost defense around him!

Even though invincible in battle tactics was protected by the frost defense, his expression changed drastically. This humiliation was simply a huge humiliation!

Very soon, he calmed down and stopped talking!

Three days had passed. Wang Xian tamed the last ice-breaking wolf with a smile on his face!

He stood up and kept the ice-breaking wolves into the mother nest!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian glanced at the middle-aged man and walked straight ahead!

Without his control, the chains dissipated immediately!

"You're leaving just like that?"

Invincible battle technique stood up immediately and arrived in front of Wang Xian in an instant. He said with a dark face!

"What? Do you want to Spar with me? Do you believe that I can suppress you here?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said to him!

"TSK!"

"It's not that I, invincible battle technique, look down on you. If you can break my defense, I will walk backward in the future!"

Invincible in battle techniques raised his head slightly and stared at Wang Xian with disdain! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He was very clear about the defensive treasures on him. Not to mention the level-five or level-six eternal lord, even the level-seven or level-eight eternal lord could not do anything to him!

"Is that so?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and raised both of his hands slightly!

"It's not that I look down on you!"

Invincible in battle techniques curled the corner of his mouth slightly. He looked like he was not afraid of anything!

Buzz

Wang Xian pointed at the void and a black hole appeared behind Invincible's Back!

Following that, black holes slowly appeared in front of him!

"Huh?"

Invincible was stunned for a moment. He looked at the black holes around him in astonishment!

"If I were to use a formation to seal you and bury you tens of millions of kilometers into the ice layer, do you think you would be able to survive?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and said to him!

"TSK, you want to trap me, invincible in battle techniques? What a fantasy!"

Invincible in battle techniques stared at Wang Xian with disdain!

"Try and see if you can leave!"

Wang Xian looked at him mockingly!

"If I want to leave, I can come and go freely in the world!"

He said proudly. However, when he saw the mocking expression on his face, he was a little hesitant!

Buzz

His heart skipped a beat as his figure flickered!

Buzz

At this moment, the black hole that had sealed off his surroundings suddenly trembled. Invincible's expression changed!

"Big... Big Brother, let's not joke around!"

His face instantly turned pale. A trace of cold sweat appeared on his forehead as he spoke to Wang Xian while trembling!

To his horror, he realized that he couldn't return to the Eternal Divine Kingdom!