Chapter 2273: 2273, the era-suppressing duo

This was the first time invincible had encountered such a situation. Ever since he had advanced to the Eternal God Lord Realm and wore a supreme treasure, he had never been afraid of anything!

He dared to charge into the ice layer alone. Even if he encountered a powerful sea monster, he could easily escape even if he couldn't defeat it!

But now, he actually discovered to his horror that he couldn't return to the Eternal Divine Kingdom!

The tearing energy around him and the terrifying black hole were trying to stop him!

If this guy in front of him really threw him into the ice layer that was tens of millions of kilometers deep and suppressed him with a formation, then he would really be finished!

At least, in his opinion, he was finished!

"Big Brother... I'm just joking with you. Please let me go!"

Invincible in battle technique had a bitter expression on his face. He had completely lost his arrogance from before!

"Why are you no longer arrogant? You're no longer arrogant? Invincible battle technique? I think you're an idiot!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"No, call me invincible battle technique. This name SUITS YOU!"

Wang Xian stared at invincible battle technique mockingly and said!

"Alright, Alright, Alright. Whatever you say, Big Brother. Let's see if you can get rid of the black holes around you!"

Invincible battle technique was indeed terrified. He pointed at the black holes around him and said to Wang Xian with a sullen face!

Buzz

Wang Xian didn't bother to argue with him. All he had to do was to let this kid know how powerful he was!

It wasn't realistic to suppress him in the ice layer. His background was extraordinary. Even if he suppressed the area below, he could still save him with the formation!

If he really did that, he would be able to accept the hatred. It wouldn't go that far!

After the simple black hole disturbance formation was retracted, Wang Xian turned around and left!

"Array formation, this fellow is not only a beast tamer, he is also a powerful array formation master. Is this fellow a monster? He shouldn't be a human. Immortal King Zhong cultivates? Reincarnation of the Celestial Emperor? He must be. Otherwise, how could he be more powerful than me!"

"However, even if he is the reincarnation of the celestial emperor, he wouldn't be able to snatch the spoils of war from my invincible battle technique. I Can't take this loss!"

Invincible battle technique mumbled as he looked at Wang Xian's back. His eyes were sparkling!

"Hey, Big Brother, what are you going to do?"

He hesitated for a moment and shouted at Wang Xian!

"Catch Sea Monsters. If you want a war pet, you can buy it from me!"

Wang Xian heard what he said and didn't hide anything. He wanted this guy to buy his war pet!

"Do you have war pets at the level of the Eternal God Lord?"

Invincible's eyes lit up as he asked immediately!

"I don't have them now. I will have them soon. If you want to buy them, the AI should pay attention to the Dragon Palace's war pets shop on the Tianhai Island!"

Wang Xian said tirelessly!

"I don't have them now. I will have them soon. is he going to capture his war pets?"

"With his black hole method just now, it's really possible!"

Invincible battlemage muttered. Very soon, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Big Brother, I'll go with you. With me around, you'll definitely be able to tame more war pets. Eternal lord-level war pets are no problem!"

"I don't want too much either. Just give me half of it!"

"When we tame a few hundred eternal lord-level war pets, how cool would it be to sit on them?"

As invincible battle technique spoke, he ran to Wang Xian's side with his eyes glowing!

"You?"

Wang Xian looked at him in disdain!

"Me? What about me? Let me tell you, don't underestimate my invincible battle technique. Go to the land of battle technique and ask around about my invincible battle technique reputation!"

"My invincible battle technique is the most outstanding heaven's favorite in the past tens of millions of years. That Heaven's favorite is far inferior to me!"

Invincible battle technique patted his chest and said proudly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian still shook his head in disdain!

"You... you are looking down on me. Let me tell you, in the entire northern polar region, there is no place where I, invincible battle technique, would not dare to go. I once faced a deep-sea whale without batting an eyelid!"

"I once shuttled through the demon claws of the thousand-clawed demon fish. I... Invincible battle technique!"

Invincible in battle techniques stood in front of Wang Xian and said proudly!

Wang Xian looked at him with some disdain. He was bragging so much!

However, very soon, he looked at invincible in battle techniques and suddenly laughed!

"I can bring you along too. You know that I can set up a formation. I can trap and tame sea monsters at the level of the Eternal Lord. I can also tame sea monsters at the level of the adult eternal lord as a Mount!"

"However, the specific method can not be known to outsiders. If you follow me, swear that you can not tell me anything. Otherwise, your entire race will be exterminated!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and said with a smile!

"You... you are ruthless. Alright, Alright. I swear that I'm invincible in battle techniques..."

Invincible in battle techniques was slightly taken aback. He glared at Wang Xian and immediately swore!

It didn't matter if he said it or not. As long as he could gain some benefits, he wouldn't say it out loud!

"Secondly, I have to pay a huge price to set up a large-scale array formation!"

"For example, the array formation that restricted you just now covers an area of over a thousand kilometers. In addition to the mental strength that was used to tame you, I can't give you too many war pets. At most, I'll Give You One!"

Wang Xian added nonchalantly!

"What? One? There's only one. If I help you capture a few hundred eternal war pets and you give me one, wouldn't I Be..."

"Alright, if you're alone, don't even think about getting one. You know the price of an eternal lord-level war pet. If you agree, follow me. If you don't agree, go home and play!"

Invincible battle technique roared. Wang Xian interrupted him immediately!

"Then... then..."

Invincible battle technique's expression changed drastically!

"I want to choose one of the eternal lord-level war pets that I've obtained!"

He gritted his teeth and shouted loudly!

"Lower Your Voice, You Idiot!"

Wang Xian took a step back and nodded with a smile!

It was worth it to exchange an eternal lord level war pet for a teammate like invincible in battle tactics!

It was not easy to find such a teammate!

Wang Xian had already thought it through. He would bring invincible in battle tactics to provoke those powerful eternal Lord Sea Monsters and then lure them into the formation!

With Invincible Battle Technique's defense, he wouldn't be able to die. Furthermore, he had only mastered one law. If he were to provoke stronger sea monsters, he would definitely be hunted down!

Wang Xian could already think of dozens of level two and level three eternal lord sea monsters chasing after invincible battle technique and entering the formation!

When he thought of this, he looked at the middle-aged man with satisfaction and satisfaction!

"F * ck, I'm at a loss this time. However, if I can get a mount, it would be pretty good!"

"No, I can get a mount of the first level of the Eternal Lord Myself. This time, I want at least a mount of the sea monster of the second level of the Eternal Lord. Thinking about my invincible mount in combat techniques, hehehe..."

"That's not right. The second level of the Eternal Lord is a little weak. At least a third level, no, a fourth level. That's not right either. At least a fifth level, or even higher!"

He narrowed his eyes slightly and was a little excited. The fifth level of the Eternal Lord's War Pet was rare in the entire heaven's selection continent. When he thought of this, he looked at Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

Now, he suddenly felt that this demon in front of him was rather pleasing to the eye!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian walked over, patted the shoulder of the middle-aged man, and said with a smile!

"Let's go. Let's do something big and take down the entire Arctic Northern Region!"

The middle-aged man roared and put his arm around Wang Xian's shoulder. He was filled with excitement as he roared!

"We are going to do something big!"

Wang Xian put his arm around the middle-aged man's shoulder and patted him gently again. "The next time will be when you return on your powerful Mount!"

"I think we should give this group a name. We should call it the era-suppressing duo!"

The second voice rang out again!