Chapter 2274: 2274 had a good start

The peerless duo of the era-suppressing duo!

When Wang Xian heard his chuunibyou words, the corner of his mouth couldn't help but Twitch. He moved his arm and distanced himself from this fellow!

"Big Brother, I still don't know your name!"

Invincible battle technique smiled at him and asked!

"Wang Xian!"

Wang Xian said faintly and scanned his surroundings. "There are fewer sea monsters on the ice. Let's go directly to the bottom of the ice!"

"Alright, I've been to the bottom of the ice before. I'm more familiar with that place!"

Invincible battle technique raised his eyebrows as he sized up Wang Xian. "Boss Wang, can you handle the level five Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord?"

"I can handle one of them. If there are any more, I won't be able to handle it!"

Wang Xian said calmly!

"Awesome! Boss Wang is mighty! hahaha!"

Invincible battle technique shouted excitedly!

Wang Xian looked at him strangely. Is there something wrong with this guy's brain? !

Now, he was considering if cooperating with this guy was the right choice!

"A level five sea monster of the Eternal Lord. The Northern Howling Sky Wolf is more suitable as a mount. However, its level is a little low. At most, it's only level two of the Eternal Lord!"

"The explosive ice bear is fine as well. There are even level three and level four sea monsters of the Eternal Lord. This one can also be used as a mount. However, it doesn't look too cool to ride a bear. Furthermore, its level is too low!"

"There are underwater deep whales of level five of the Eternal Lord. However, these deep whales are not suitable as pets. The Ice Python is also at level five of the Eternal Lord. This one is pretty cool!"

"However, the coolest one is still the ice fish bird. This one is simply too cool. If only I could have such a mount..."

Wang Xian and invincible battle technique walked towards the edge of the Arctic northern region. Along the way, they could hear invincible battle technique muttering like a lunatic!

Wang Xian's face turned black. Damn it, there was something wrong with his brain! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Splash

When they arrived at the edge of the Arctic Northern Region, the two of them entered the underground sea and flew towards the depths of the sea!

The thickness of the ice layer was about 20 to 30 million kilometers thick. All the creatures that liked the cold were gathered here!

No one knew how many sea monsters there were here!

The two of them swam directly towards the bottom of the ice layer!

Wang Xian relied on his powerful strength and the memories of the Pirate Elder. On the other hand, he was invincible in his battle techniques and relied on his powerful defense. The two of them didn't have the slightest bit of fear!

Invincible battle technique's speed wasn't fast in Wang Xian's eyes. It took them half an hour to reach the bottom of the ice layer!

At a glance, the entire sky above them was like the bottom of the sea!

"We'll go deeper than 10,000 kilometers ahead. Then, you go around and attract the sea monsters!"

Wang Xian spoke to invincible battle technique. The two of them flew along the ice layer above them!

After flying for more than 10,000 kilometers, they stopped!

"Boss Wang, you can set up the formation here. Wait for My Good News!"

Invincible battle technique swept his gaze around and raised his head confidently!

"Alright, remember to lure more people over. Even those at the peak of the Immortal Realm!"

"I'll set up the formation here. Pay attention!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Don't worry. There's nothing that I, Invincible God of war, can't do!"

Invincible God of war patted his chest and flew straight to the front!

"I wonder if this guy can give me a surprise!"

Wang Xian looked at the figure of this guy and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

It was effortless for him to set up a formation here and wait. He wouldn't be in any danger. There were too few good teammates like him!

"F * ck, you still want me to work for you for free? HMPH, all the sea monsters below the eternal God Lord level will be yours!"

"My target is the eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters, and they are of a high level!"

The flying invincible fighter muttered!

He would not do useless work if he was only allowed to choose one battle pet. He would give up on sea monsters below the eternal God Lord Level!

With his powerful defense, invincible battle technique was unrestrained under the ice layer!

The sea monsters with territorial awareness could not withstand his provocation!

"Swoosh!"

After swimming for more than 2,000 kilometers, a huge mouth suddenly emerged from the ice layer above!

"Mouth splitter, this ugly guy dares to attack me!"

Sensing the attack from above, invincible battle technique's face turned black!

"So ugly, I don't even want to Be Your Pet!"

With a dark face, invincible battle technique attacked the snakemouth fish with the silver-white longsword in his hand!

"Bang!"

The silver-white Longsword landed on the snakemouth fish's teeth, making a loud noise!

"Die for invincible battle technique!"

He roared, and the ice arrows around him formed a vortex, attacking the splitter that was an eternal god Lord Rank 1!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, another one attacked from the side!

"Two! Damn it! I Can't beat them!"

Invincible battle technique's face darkened, and he immediately ran to the side!

However, he did not run to the position of the formation. He did not want such an ugly battle pet even if it was given to him!

Since he didn't want it, there was no need for him to lure it over!

"F * ck, I've given you face. You guys have been chasing after me all this while!"

However, invincible battlemage saw that the two fisheye fish had been attacking him from behind. They had been chasing after him for thousands of kilometers!

This made him furious. He turned around and flew towards Wang Xian!

"I, Invincible Battlemage, didn't want to kill you because of your ugly looks. It's because I didn't cherish you!"

He mumbled as he resisted the two attacks from the snaky fish and continued to run for his life!

The distance of a few thousand kilometers was not tens of millions of kilometers. It would only take a few minutes!

When Wang Xian saw invincible in combat techniques bringing two level 1 sea monsters of the Eternal Lord, he was delighted!

"Not bad, not bad. This guy's efficiency is quite high!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly.

The sea monsters had a keener ability to avoid danger than humans. If Wang Xian were to go over there himself, the snakemouth fish might not even dare to attack him!

However, the invincible battle technique was different. This guy had mastered a law. Even a level one eternal lord sea monster dared to ambush him!

To them, the invincible battle technique was their prey!

"Boss Wang, Kill these two ugly guys. Kill them!"

When invincible in battle techniques entered the area of the formation, he shouted loudly at Wang Xian!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Behind him, the two fisheye fish let out an ear-piercing sound!

Buzz

The next moment, the entire space emitted an extremely terrifying change!

Black holes appeared out of thin air. A chaotic energy was interfering with the entire area!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At the same time, as hundreds of black holes appeared, a stream of water condensed and directly entangled the two split-mouthed fish!

It was impossible to fight for it!

"Hiss, this... this is really terrifying. It seems that I can't provoke this guy in the future!"

Invincible saw black holes appear around him in an instant, and each black hole seemed to lead to an abyss!

He looked at the cracked-billed fish that was subdued in an instant and muttered to himself!

"Not bad, a good start!"

Wang Xian looked at the two sea monsters that were at the first level of the Eternal Lord and was full of smiles!

A good start!