Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2275: 2275 Northern Howling Sirius Pack

Buzz! Buzz

"Boss Wang, I'll continue!"

Under the ice layer of the Arctic Northern Region, invincible battle technique saw Wang Xian taming two split-mouthed fish. He stretched his body and shouted at him!

"Go, chuunibyou. Next time, attract more sea monsters over. If you attract more, I'll give you a commission!"

Wang Xian smiled at him and said. He was in a great mood!

He just needed to set up a formation here and wait. There was no danger at all. There were also people helping him with his work. Finally, he just needed to give him a war pet!

How could he find such a good teammate!

Looking at the Chuunibyou in his battle technique, Wang Xian's eyes were filled with satisfaction and anticipation!

"Commission? This guy really thinks I'm a part-time worker. He wants me to be invincible in my battle technique... This time, I'll see if I can meet a level five eternal lord. As long as I can meet him, I'll lure him over and escape immediately!"

"You want me to work for you? HMPH, don't even think about it!"

When invincible in his combat techniques heard Wang Xian's words, he continued to fly deeper into the sea with a dark face!

"Beast in front, come out!"

This time, he was more than 10,000 kilometers deep. When he realized that there were no sea monsters attacking him, he shouted impatiently!

Waves of aura spread out in the surroundings!

"Oh right, I have some divine fruits at the level of an eternal God Lord. Let's see if I can attract the sea monsters!"

A person with great skills was bold enough to take out an eternal god Lord fruit that contained a powerful energy and swim under the ice!

Soon, hundreds of sea monsters attacked him!

Seeing the nine wisps of divine fire and the sea monsters at the peak of the Divine Realm, he was furious!

"You bunch of animals still dare to attack my invincible battle technique? Go To Hell!"

As he was very dissatisfied with Wang Xian, invincible battle technique would definitely not waste time to attract these godly state sea monsters over!

Not to mention wasting time, he wouldn't get any benefits!

He wasn't willing to do something that would benefit Wang Xian even if there were no benefits!

After defeating a few hundred sea monsters at the peak of the Divine Fire Realm, invincible in battle tactics continued to charge towards the surroundings!

"It would be best if a level five sea monster from the Eternal Lord came. Come On!"

He mumbled as he swam and sized up the surroundings with his unscrupulous gaze!

If it were any other level one eternal lord, they would definitely not dare to seek death like this!

If there were powerful sea monsters lying in ambush, they could be killed instantly. They wouldn't even be able to react in time to return to the Eternal Kingdom!

"Awooooo!"

Invincible, who was walking around, finally encountered some movement!

"That is? The northern howling sky wolf, or nearly a hundred Northern Howling Sky Wolves. They are hunting!"

When he heard the roar, his eyes lit up, and he looked over with excitement!

The Northern Howling Sky Wolf was a Tier 2 eternal god Lord Creature. It liked the cold, so it lived in the extremely cold northern region!

They were water-elemental, and they were also known as the Northern Howling Ice Wolves!

"They're actually surrounding a school of fish. If I disturb their good work, will they chase after me? !"

"Nearly a hundred northern howling Sirius. If I can capture these northern howling Sirius, I'll definitely want a few. I'll choose one after another. The Northern Howling Sirius is too handsome. In the future, I'll switch between the two mounts!"

"Haha, when the other group of rich kids are driving their supercars, I'll ride the Second Level Eternal God Lord Northern Howling Sky Wolves!"

Invincible in battle techniques could not help but fantasize!

"Let go of that school of fish and charge at me!"

He roared loudly and directly charged towards the Northern Howling Sky Wolves!

Close to a hundred Northern Howling Sky Wolves that were wreaking havoc in the school of Storm Fish looked over in astonishment!

More than a dozen howling firmament wolves had food in their mouths as they stared at him coldly!

"Get your ass over here!"

Unrivaled battle technique waved his arm, and countless ice arrows appeared within a hundred kilometer radius!

The ice arrows directly covered the howling firmament wolves!

"Ao ao ao!"

One by one, the howling firmament wolves flew into a rage. Their ice-cold eyes stared at him as more than a dozen of them instantly attacked him!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Unrivaled battle technique's silver-white longsword continued to swing out. One after another, attacks covered the other Northern Howling Wolves!

"Ao!"

This time, the entire pack of wolves was enraged by unrivaled battle technique. They madly chased after him!

"You bunch of beasts, if you have the guts, come and Chase Me!"

Unrivaled battle technique immediately fled frantically. He taunted the Northern Howling Wolves behind him!

"AO AO!"

The Northern Howling Sky Wolf at the very front let out an angry roar and leaped up from the bottom of the sea. The seawater behind him surged violently, and his entire body turned into a white stream of water, pouncing heavily towards invincible battlemaster!

"I'll Go!"

He roared loudly and hurriedly fled forward!

"Peng!"

However, his back was directly pounced by the Northern Howling Sky Wolf, and his body staggered!

"You Damned Beast, after I subdue you, let's see how unrivaled battle technique will deal with you!"

Unrivaled battle technique turned his head and roared at the Northern Howling Sky Wolf!

Seeing that unrivaled battle technique was not injured and actually dared to provoke him, the Northern Howling Sky Wolf was incomparably furious. It opened its mouth and a terrifying water pillar shot towards him!

When the water pillar landed on his body, it actually increased his speed!

"Awoo! awoo! Awoo!"

He roared indignantly as he raised his head and roared. The Northern Howling Celestial Wolves immediately surrounded him from both sides, preparing to surround him!

Invincible combat style ignored him and fled with a dark expression on his face!

"Damn it, they actually want to surround me!"

"But they are close. You Bunch of beasts, just wait for your death!"

After fleeing desperately for a few minutes, he was hit more than ten times in the middle. Seeing that he was about to enter Wang Xian's position, he roared furiously in a low voice!

"Awoooo!"

At this moment, a northern howling sky wolf flew over from the right. It opened its bloody mouth and bit on invincible's body!

"Boss Wang, kill them quickly!"

Invincible's body was held by the Northern Howling Sky Wolf. He growled at Wang Xian with a gloomy face!

"Haha, Good, good. Well done, well done!"

Wang Xian, who had already sensed the commotion ahead of time, revealed an excited expression!

When he saw all the Northern Howling Sky Wolves entering the formation, he couldn't help but shout out loud!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In the surroundings, the black hole disturbance formation instantly rose up and covered the entire space!

"Ninety-nine Northern Howling Sky Wolves, hahaha!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

When he saw the black hole disturbance formation covering the Northern Howling Sky Wolves, Wang Xian couldn't help but laugh out loud again!

"Boss Wang, I'm being bitten right now. Can You Make Your move quickly? !"

Invincible battle technique was still in the mouth of a northern howling celestial wolf. When he saw Wang Xian sizing up the pack of wolves with glowing eyes, his face turned extremely dark as he yelled out in annoyance!

"It's fine. I Can't bite you to death!"

Wang Xian didn't pay attention to him. He looked at the Vigilant Northern Howling Celestial Wolves and attacked them one by one with chains!

There were nearly a hundred Northern Howling Celestial Wolves. They were able to fight against a level three existence of the Eternal Lord!

However, they were not enough for him!

"This fellow!"

Seeing that Wang Xian was ignoring his invincible battle technique, the corner of his mouth twitched. He glared at Wang Xian fiercely!