Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2276: 2276 ice drill crocodiles

"Give me a few of the 99 howling firmament wolves. I had to risk my life to attract this pack of howling firmament wolves over!"

"You have to know that other than me, who else can get a pack of wolves over? You have to know that they are extremely cunning!"

"If you don't give me a few of them, you will be too inhumane!"

An angry voice sounded beside Wang Xian's ears!

"I can give you a northern Howling Celestial Wolf!"

Wang Xian glanced at him and said indifferently!

"You... You're bullying me. You're squeezing me. You're inhumane..."

Invincible's eyes lit up when he heard Wang Xian's words. However, he still pretended to be angry and roared!

"An adult northern howling celestial wolf battle pet is worth 20 to 30 sea monsters of the second level of the eternal lord level. However, if there's an early stage, you can kill 20 to 30 sea monsters of the second level of the Eternal Lord Level!"

"Also, do you think it's that easy to set up such a formation to trap experts? This requires at least tens of millions of divine stones. Tens of millions of divine stones are enough to buy a god Lord Rank Battle Pet!"

"Also, do you think it's easy to tame an adult sea monster? How many Master Beast Tamers can do that? You lured 99 Northern Howling Sky Wolves, and you are still not satisfied with just one battle pet!"

"Originally, I could have refused to give it to you according to our agreement. Now that I see that you're not bad, I'll give you one. Don't be insatiable. If you..."

Wang Xian stopped taming the howling firmament wolves and brainwashed invincible battle technique with a solemn expression!

"Alright, Alright, boss Wang. One is enough. I'm already very satisfied. Boss Wang, you've worked hard!"

Invincible battle technique was stunned for a moment. Then, he burst into laughter. He walked behind Wang Xian and pinched his shoulder!

"Don't disturb me. Beast taming consumes too much mental strength. Sigh, overconsumption will leave behind a chronic illness!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said slowly!

"Hehe, then I Won't disturb you, boss Wang. I'll protect you from the side. If any sea monsters rush over, invincible will be the first one to rush over!"

Invincible chuckled and walked to the side!

"This guy seems to be right. A war pet is very valuable to begin with. Coupled with the powerful formation to trap it and the taming, forget it. I, invincible in battle tactics, AM broad-minded. One is fine too!"

Invincible in battle tactics muttered as he walked to the side and sized up the pack of wolves. He had to consider which one would be better as a mount!

"Idiots are so gullible!"

Wang Xian was mumbling as he tamed the northern Howling Celestial Wolf!

His eyes were glowing as he looked at the 99 Northern Howling Celestial Wolves. Even if he was rewarded with one, there were still 98 left!

This was a huge amount of wealth!

Now that he had sold them, it was 100% enough for him to reach the level of the Eternal Lord!

If he tamed enough sea monsters of the eternal lord, he might even be able to level up a few levels!

Of course, the prerequisite was to raise the level of the Dragon Palace!

"Battle Tactic No. 2, continue with your work!"

After using three to four days to Tame 99 eternal Lord Level 2 Northern Howling Celestial Wolves, Wang Xian said in a good mood!

"My Name is invincible in battle tactics. Remember, invincible in battle tactics. This time, go deeper and set up some formations!"

Invincible in battle tactics flew over and glared at Wang Xian as he spoke!

"Alright, Chuunibyou!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew forward!

The Chuunibyou in this area had already searched the area. He had to go further!

If he ran too far, the sea monsters that were chasing him might give up!

Wang Xian and the rest flew forward. They flew for a distance of 20,000 kilometers!

"Next time, get more sea monsters. I have high hopes for you!"

Wang Xian patted invincible's shoulder and started to set up a formation around him!

"Don't worry, there will be more eternal lord level three, level four, and level five!"

Invincible's face was filled with confidence as he raised his head slightly and flew forward!

He was holding an eternal lord level fruit in his hand as if he was swaggering around the city!

Wang Xian looked at his figure with admiration!

"This time, I've really made a huge profit. Maybe that kid can really attract the level five Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord!"

"This time, I have to set up more formations to prevent the sea monsters from being too strong!"

After that, Wang Xian set up the formations and waited there leisurely!

This time, he only came over after three hours when he was invincible in his battle techniques. No, he should have been attacked by a sea monster all the way here!

The Explosive Ice Bear was a 20-meter-long explosive ice bear. Its huge paws kept smacking his body!

Wang Xian could see that Invincible's eyes were a little pale. It was obvious that he had been badly beaten up!

Wang Xian accepted the explosive ice bear which was a level 3 eternal lord with a Smile!

In the next ten days or so, he might have been unlucky and only attracted more than 20 level 5 eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters one after another. This made Wang Xian a little unhappy!

"HMPH, you're squeezing me so much and you want me to get more sea monsters for You? My Invincible Battle Technique's target is the level five Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord!"

What Wang Xian didn't know was that the invincible battle technique had encountered more sea monsters under the ice for the past few days!

However, he didn't provoke them on purpose. This fellow had given him too little. He couldn't get anything from them even if he tried to attract them. He wasn't stupid to be invincible in battle technique. He had worked as a coolie for nothing!

That was why he had gained so little in the past few days!

"Tier 5 sea monster, tier 5 sea monster, where are you? Your Master Misses You!"

Invincible in battle technique muttered as he scanned his surroundings!

"Your master has been looking for you for ten days to half a month. Where are you, Little Boy!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

He shouted as he walked!

What he did not know was that a huge silvery-white pupil covered in frost was staring at him from above!

Unrivaled battle technique did not sense it, his eyes were still looking around listlessly!

"Boom!"

Just as unrivaled battle technique walked over, a huge mouth instantly attacked!

The speed was so fast that unrivaled battle technique did not have the slightest ability to react!

The terrifying mouth instantly swallowed unrivaled battle technique into its mouth!

"Wuuu!"

An excited sound rang out, and a sea monster that was at least 2,000 meters in size let out a low roar!

It had an incomparably terrifying sharp mouth, and its entire mouth occupied one-third of its body!

Its entire body was covered in a layer of ice, and it was like a diamond!

Ice drill crocodile, an eternal God lord rank 5 ice drill crocodile!

It was a terrifying existence that was comparable to some underground deep sea whales!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

But soon, when the ice drill crocodile returned to the ice layer, the sound of collision kept coming out of its mouth!

"Wu Wu!"

It let out a low roar and couldn't help but open its mouth!

"Peng!"

"Ice Drill Crocodile, you beast, you actually dared to sneak attack me. You're dead, you're Dead!"

Invincible battle technique flew out of the ice drill crocodile's mouth. A trace of heat flashed in its eyes, followed by a furious roar!

"Wu!"

When the Ice Drill Croc heard his words, a cold expression appeared in its eyes. Its body moved, and it directly swallowed invincible battle technique into its mouth!

The difference in strength made it unable to resist!