Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2277: Young Man 2277, work hard

"Gulp!"

This time, the ice drill crocodile did not bite into its mouth, but directly swallowed it into its stomach!

"HMPH!"

It let out a low growl. Although it did not understand why the prey in its mouth did not die, now that it had entered its stomach, it would be digested very quickly!

"Wuuu!"

It called out again with some disdain, preparing to digest the food!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

However, at this moment, it suddenly felt something tightening behind it. Something was about to come out. An extremely furious look appeared in the eyes of the ice drill alligator!

"I... You Bastard, you damn bastard. I will ride on your head every day from now on!"

Invincible battle technique flew out from behind the ice drill alligator. As for the location, it was naturally there!

Invincible battle technique roared furiously the moment he charged out!

However, this time, he didn't dare to stand there and shout anymore. Instead, he ran in the direction of Wang Xian with all his might!

"Woo Woo!"

This time, the ice drill alligator was completely enraged. It swung its gigantic tail and swept towards invincible battle technique!

"Bang!"

A terrifying collision sound was heard. Invincible battle technique flew hundreds of kilometers away and somersaulted tens of thousands of times in the air!

"What the F * ck..."

Invincible battle technique's face was completely black. He steadied his body and roared. He turned around and stared at the ice drill crocodile!

"You Bastard, come with me if you have the guts!"

He turned around and taunted the ice drill crocodile!

"Roar!"

The Ice Drill Crocodile's roar changed a little. One could see its anger!

In its eyes, invincible battle technique was just a weak ant. An ant actually dared to provoke it three or four times. It absolutely could not let it go!

"Boom!"

The ice drill crocodile was very fast. It did not even take a second to cover a distance of 100 kilometers!

And invincible was also desperately trying to escape!

"If you have the guts, why don't you hit me with your tail again?"

He roared!

"Bang!"

A loud sound!

"F * ck, you missed. You Bastard, you can even miss your position!"

He shouted as he fled. The courage of invincible was something that very few people could achieve!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

An even more furious roar sounded. Invincible in battle techniques soon began his own escape route!

He didn't know how many times he was swallowed and how many times he was swept by the tail!

"Eh? Why is there the sound of that middle-aged man screaming? It shouldn't be. That middle-aged man's treasure is so awesome!"

Wang Xian, who was resting cross-legged, suddenly heard a sound. He immediately looked around!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang

At this moment, he saw countless ice arrows landing on the body of the invincible warrior one after another!

Even though he had the protection of a supreme treasure, his hair was in a mess at this moment. He looked extremely pathetic!

"Boss Wang, Kill It for me! Kill It for me!"

A shrill roar was heard. Those who heard it were in tears!

"Eternal Lord Level Five, ice drill crocodile!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's expression turned grave. This sea monster was an existence on the same level as him!

"However, the surrounding formations have already been set up. There shouldn't be much of a problem. However, it might take some time to tame it!"

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian thought to himself. The formations were activated immediately!

Black Hole Disturbance!

Water Dragon Restraint!

Ice seal for thousands of miles!

Three formations were activated in an instant and surrounded the ice drill crocodile!

Crack! Crack

Within a radius of more than a thousand kilometers, the seawater condensed into two gigantic water dragons. The water dragons charged towards the ice drill crocodile!

Roar! Roar

The ice drill crocodile realized that it had been ambushed. It let out a ferocious roar!

The glaciers all over its body exploded as it charged towards the two water dragons!

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, the water dragons were able to resist the rank 5 eternal God Lord Sea Monster and entangled the ice drill alligator!

However, this array formation wouldn't last long!

Crack! Crack! Crack

In the next moment, the array formation took effect. The two water dragons immediately turned into ice dragons and coiled around the ice drill alligator's body!

The seawater within a 1,000-kilometer radius was instantly frozen!

Invincible in battle techniques was trapped inside and could not move at all!

"Formation, the Divine Mountain is pressing down!"

During this period of time, Wang Xian continued to prepare the formation!

An earthen yellow mountain peak that was emitting a thick luster like a special planet appeared in the sky and continued to press down on the ice drill alligator!

There was no pause in the middle of the three consecutive terrifying attacks!

Boom

Woo Woo Woo

A large amount of silver blood oozed out from the ice drill alligator's body instantly. Its eyes were filled with fear and anger!

Crack Crack Crack

Its terrifying tail swept away the ice layer and attacked the Divine Mountain in the sky violently!

"Formation, Darkness Invasion!"

Wang Xian stood in the distance and continued to cast the formation. He didn't plan to use his own strength. He had left behind a trump card!

Buzz

More than ten seconds later, a squirming mass of darkness attacked the ice drill alligator. The Darkness landed on its body and squeezed into its body crazily!

"This guy is so strong. The formation master is indeed awesome!"

Invincible in battle tactics saw that the ice drill alligator was restrained and looked at Wang Xian's attack. His face was filled with astonishment!

"How can this guy be so freakish? He can even deal with a level five eternal lord, and he's even a Beast Tamer Master!"

Invincible was trapped by the ice formation and couldn't get out. He could only look on with amusement!

"Formation, illumination!"

Wang Xian stood in the distance and released formation after formation!

He didn't want to kill the ice drill alligator. Instead, he wanted to subdue it. However, before he could subdue it, he had to make it not dare to resist!

As they were of the same level, he had to fulfill several conditions in order to subdue it. The time required was also several times longer!

The trapped ice drill alligator couldn't escape at all, especially after Wang Xian's continuous attacks!

However, it still resisted fiercely!

Even after five hours, it was still extremely ferocious!

Wang Xian wasn't in a hurry. He continued to torture it. He didn't believe that the ice drill alligator wouldn't be afraid or submit!

Following that, Wang Xian spent a whole day and a half to make the ice drill crocodile lie there listlessly!

The following taming process was much easier. It took about four hours!

"The first level-five sea monster of the Eternal Lord. If I sell it, I will steadily upgrade myself to level-two or even level-three of the Eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes. His face was filled with excitement!

After withdrawing the formation, Wang Xian sat on the ice drill alligator and healed its injuries!

Then, he summoned its divine kingdom over. Wang Xian took a look inside and realized that there were many good treasures inside. This made him very happy!

This trip here was worth it!

"I want this ice drill alligator. I want it!"

At this moment, a voice sounded from the side!

"In Your Dreams?"

Wang Xian glanced at him and asked!

"I... You... This is what you said. You can choose one from all the battle pets. Let me tell you, don't even think about cheating now!"

Invincible battle technique pointed at Wang Xian with a flushed face and roared angrily! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Idiot, you want to leave just because you helped me capture an eternal level five? Are you stupid or am I Stupid?"

Wang Xian looked at him with disdain.

"If you can get a few more, I can consider it. Young Man, work hard!"