Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2278: 2278 escaped

Young Man, work hard!

When invincible in combat heard the words 'Wang Xian', his facial expression changed drastically!

Work Hard?

Is it easy for me to lure an ice drill alligator? If it were anyone else, they would have died long ago!

"Huff Huff!"

Invincible in combat was breathing rapidly. However, he knew that the chances of Wang Xian giving this ice drill alligator to him were not high!

After all, the value of all the sea monsters that he had attracted over the past few days was not as high as this ice drill alligator!

"The next level 5 sea monster of the Eternal Lord must be given to me. Otherwise... otherwise..."

Invincible's face was filled with anger as he stared at Wang Xian and roared loudly!

However, he didn't know how to threaten Wang Xian after a while!

He couldn't defeat it either. What else could he do?

Quit?

That would be even worse for him. He was still thinking of riding a level five battle pet of the Eternal Celestial Master!

"Lure four of them over and I'll give you one!"

Wang Xian said to him indifferently!

"No, there are too many of them. Four of them. Wang Xian, don't go too far. Three of them. Otherwise, I, invincible in battle technique, will quit!"

Invincible in battle technique growled with a gloomy face!

He was a little mad. This fellow was too much!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and nodded his head!

This fellow was really anxious. He couldn't offend him too much this time. Wang Xian was prepared to continue working with this young man in the future!

There weren't many such partners. Their levels were low, but they had the defense of Supreme Treasures!

They could attract sea monsters without being eaten by them!

"Advance another 10,000 kilometers!"

Invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian with a dark face as he flew straight ahead!

Wang Xian smiled and followed behind!

After advancing for more than 10,000 kilometers, Wang Xian set up a formation there!

Invincible battle technique continued his journey and fought for his powerful Mount!

After the formation was set up, Wang Xian waited there leisurely!

Time passed day by day. He had left Xuantian Academy for about a month!

"It's almost time for the monthly lectures. Should I rush back?"

"Could this Chuunibyou have run away? He hasn't been back for five days!"

Five days later, Wang Xian looked at the time and mumbled to himself!

That chuunibyou had run away for about five days. Wang Xian had been out for almost a month!

"Let's Wait a little longer. I'll send a message to Yu Bingbing to inform the students!"

Wang Xian took out his AI and sent a message to Yu Bingbing to let her inform her classmates!

"Boss Wang, Kill It! Kill it for me!"

At this moment, an extremely angry voice was heard, accompanied by a terrifying aura!

Wang Xian looked ahead and saw a figure flying over. No, it should be falling over!

At the back, a gigantic ice drill alligator was following him!

"Another ice drill alligator of level five of the Eternal Lord. Not Bad!"

Wang Xian was all smiles. Next, just like last time, he spent some effort to tame this ice drill alligator!

"Why did you spend five days this time? Your efficiency is a little lacking!"

Wang Xian said to the Chuunibyou as he tamed the ice drill alligator!

"I don't know either. My Luck is bad!"

He rolled his eyes but didn't tell the truth!

The reason why he wasted so much time this time was because he had encountered many sea monsters of level two, level three, or even level four of the Eternal Celestial Master in the beginning!

However, he didn't attract them to Wang Xian's side!

From his point of view, he had no part in attracting them. He wouldn't do such a thing!

It was not easy for him to get rid of those sea monsters. It took him four days to encounter an ice drill crocodile. He was chased for an entire day before he was lured here!

When he saw that Wang Xian had tamed it and there was no part for him, he felt angry!

"Wait here. Next time, the sea monsters that I bring will be my mount!"

Invincible battle technique shouted loudly!

"Alright, the next sea monster you bring will be your mount!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"You said it!"

Invincible battle technique roared and flew forward with high morale!

"This guy must be looking for sea monsters of the eternal lord level. He wouldn't bring anyone below that level!"

Wang Xian looked at his back and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"Forget it. He will leave after he returns. The resources he has now are almost enough to upgrade to level-two of the Eternal Lord!"

He mumbled and continued to wait after setting up the formation!

Level-two would be able to fight against level-eight of the Eternal Lord!

At this level, he was also one of the top experts in the entire natural selection continent!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, we have struck it rich! We have struck it rich! Quick! Quick!"

"Catch them, catch them!"

However, after just one day, an excited voice was heard.

The voice was extremely excited!

Wang Xian looked over and saw that an invincible combat technique was being held in the mouth of a seabird-like sea monster!

"This is?"

All of a sudden, Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly as he stared at the three sea monsters!

They had snow-white bodies that resembled birds. Their bodies were like ice, and they had a pair of icy wings. Their bodies were emitting a cold aura!

Their tails were like fish tails!

Ice-splitting swallow fish!

"Three ice-splitting swallow fish of level six of the Eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian's expression changed drastically and he couldn't help but Exclaim!

"Hahaha, quick, quick. Three mounts. I only need one of them since I'm invincible in my battle techniques. I only need one!"

Invincible in battle techniques was still shouting at Wang Xian excitedly.

Even though he had been chased for a long time and was caught in the mouth of the ice-splitting swallow fish, his heart was still burning!

The ice-splitting swallow fish was a level six sea monster of the Eternal Lord. It looked very cool!

If I had such a mount, the world would be focused on me!

"F * ck!"

When Wang Xian saw the three ice-splitting swallow fish flying in his direction, his face turned black!

Without any hesitation, he turned around and fled into the distance!

He couldn't even withstand one of the three sea monsters of the Eternal Lord Level!

Furthermore, he didn't have a treasure like invincible in battle techniques, nor did he have the ability to escape in an instant when he was at the level of the Eternal Lord!

If he was caught up by them, he would be completely finished!

Wang Xian's face was pitch black as he ran out frantically. He wanted to escape to the top!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

A sound that sounded like the chirping of a bird came from behind. Wang Xian sensed that the three ice-cracked swallow fish had noticed him and were prepared to attack him!

"This guy!"

Wang Xian's face turned black. With a wave of his arm, he released the formation set up there. Without hesitation, he turned around and continued to flee!

"Eh? What's going on? Boss Wang, What are you doing?"

Invincible, who was in the mouth of the ice-split swallow fish, was a little stunned when he saw Wang Xian fleeing frantically. He shouted with a black face!

It was not easy for him to encounter the three ice-split swallow fish. He was extremely excited as he charged forward to provoke them. In the end, he was lured here. Did you escape?

What did he mean?

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the array formation in this space was instantly activated!

One by one, a binding force appeared, and terrifying black holes appeared one after another!

"Chirp!"

When the ice-splitting swallow fish saw that they were actually being attacked, they furiously flapped their wings!

Rays of ice light shot out in all directions, and the surrounding array formation broke apart. The black hole disturbance array formation also slowly collapsed! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When invincible saw this scene, he was also a little stunned!