Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2279: 22.79 million miles of escape

"That guy is no match for the ice-cracked swallow fish. That guy actually escaped!"

The ice-cracked swallow fish had thrown invincible due to the activation of the formation!

At this moment, he looked at Wang Xian's disappearing figure and mumbled. His expression was extremely ugly!

He didn't expect that guy to be no match for the three ice-cracked swallow fish. He escaped directly!

"My ice-cracker Swallow Fish Mount is gone!"

"No, I still have the ice-drill alligator mount. Old Wang, Don't run, my Mount!"

Invincible battle technique's face was pitch black. He revealed a look of grief and indignation!

His ice-cracker swallow fish mount was gone. However, he had to have a level five eternal Lord Mount!

Now that Wang Xian had escaped, if he did not follow him, where would he find him?

Even if he were to look for him, would he admit to it?

He would be able to give him a mount of the ice drill alligator!

No, I can't let him go!

Invincible battle technique's face was dark as he chased after Wang Xian with all his might!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

The three ice crack swallow fish behind them broke the formation set up by Wang Xian. Their cold eyes were also chasing after invincible battle technique and Wang Xian!

Especially invincible battle technique. An ant actually dared to provoke them!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

An ear-piercing sound spread across a radius of a few million kilometers. Wang Xian's face turned black when he heard the sound!

The speed of the ice-splitting swallow fish was extremely fast to begin with. Its level was one level higher than his, so Wang Xian's speed was much slower!

Wang Xian looked up and gritted his teeth. Then, he attacked directly into the ice layer!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, terrifying ice arrows were heading straight for him!

They were heading straight for him at a distance of more than a thousand kilometers!

Wang Xian's face turned black. He could only turn around and wave his arm!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The five elements grinding mill blocked the two ice arrows. Without any hesitation, he continued flying upwards!

However, just as he was blocking the ice arrows, the invincible battle technique behind him had also caught up with him!

"Boss Wang, don't even think about escaping. My battle pet is still with you. Don't even think about escaping!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The invincible battle technique roar was heard!

"You Damn Fellow, how dare you attract a level six sea monster of the Eternal Lord? Why Don't you just die!"

Wang Xian also roared at him angrily!

"I didn't know that you couldn't deal with a level six sea monster of the Eternal Lord. You Didn't tell me!"

"I risked my life to attract three sea monsters for you, yet you still blame me. You are too inhumane!"

Invincible battle technique followed behind Wang Xian and replied in a speechless manner!

D * MN!

Wang Xian didn't waste any time with him. He broke through the layers of ice and flew in!

Invincible battle technique followed closely behind. As Wang Xian was about to break through the layers of ice, he wasn't shaken off!

Chirp! Chirp

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, a sharp cry came from below. Following that, attacks were launched one after another!

Invincible battle technique, who was behind Wang Xian, was hit directly. However, he wasn't injured as he had the protection of the ultimate treasure. Instead, he smashed towards Wang Xian directly!

"Bang!"

The tremendous force caused Wang Xian to stagger!

"It's not my fault. I was the one who hit you when the ice-splitting swallow fish attacked from behind!"

Invincible battle technique's voice entered his ears!

"Can your defense wrap me up?"

Wang Xian asked with a dark face!

"No, I can only protect myself!"

Invincible battle technique replied!

Wang Xian did not say another word. Instead, he tried his best to dig upwards!

Finally, after flying for more than a thousand kilometers in the ice layer, he encountered a passageway. The passageway should have been opened by other sea monsters!

He didn't care about the passageway of any sea monsters. He hurriedly ran along the passageway for some distance before continuing to fly upwards!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

Behind him, the ice-splitting swallow fish followed closely behind. Fortunately, Wang Xian was only one level away from it. Otherwise, he would have been killed by the ice-splitting swallow fish!

Even so, Wang Xian was in an extremely pathetic state!

Flee, flee, flee with all his might!

Later on, invincible battle technique was afraid that Wang Xian would shake him off. He tied his energy to Wang Xian's body and followed him!

Wang Xian didn't have the time to pay attention to him!

The moment he fled, he spent a total of five to six hours shuttling through the ice layer!

"I'm about to reach the surface of the ice. I'm about to reach the surface of the ice!"

At this moment, Wang Xian was staring at the top. His yin-yang five elemental dragon eyes saw that he was out of the ice layer after a few tens of kilometers!

Below him, the three ice-splitting swallow fish seemed to have stopped pursuing him. They seemed to have left as well!

However, Wang Xian did not dare to make any promises. He could only brace himself and run far away!

Splash

After dashing out of the ice layer, Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief and continued to flee into the distance!

After flying for more than 10,000 kilometers, Wang Xian was certain that the three ice-cracking swallows were not chasing after him. He heaved a sigh of relief and sat on the ice, panting heavily!

"Don't even think about running away. Give me an ice-drilling crocodile!"

At this moment, invincible in combat walked up to him and stared at him intently!

"You almost killed me. Do you still want an ice-drilling crocodile?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked indifferently!

"That's because you don't have the ability. Even I, a level six eternal lord, was attracted to you. Don't blame me if you can't catch it. In any case, I can't. Give Me an ice drill Croc!"

Invincible battle technique sat in front of him and said with a red face!

"I'm still one level five sea monster away from the Eternal Lord. I'll give you two Northern Howling Celestial Wolves!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"No, don't go overboard. You have to give me an ice drill Croc!"

Invincible battle technique grabbed Wang Xian's arm to prevent him from escaping!

"You can kill a warrior, but you can't do without an ice drill crocodile!"

Seeing Wang Xian staring at him, he shouted with a cold face!

"I can give you one, but I have to sell it to you at the price of a level five sea monster cub. Otherwise, don't even think about it!"

Wang Xian said!

"I helped you tame it. You will sell it to me in the end. You..."

"We agreed on three. If you lose one, you will have to pay a small price. Forget it if you don't want it!"

Invincible battle technique was extremely furious. Wang Xian responded slowly!

"I... I don't have so many elixirs in my hands. I'll owe them to You First!"

Invincible battle technique said with a dark face.

Wang Xian looked at him and couldn't believe it!

"I said I'll owe them to you. Do you think invincible battle technique will go back on his word? If you want to look for me, you can ask anyone in the land of battle technique. would invincible battle technique go back on his word?"

Invincible in battle techniques stared at Wang Xian and said through gritted teeth!

"Alright, Remember, you owe me ten grade 5 eternal Lord Elixirs!"

Wang Xian thought for a moment and nodded his head in agreement!

It just so happened that he would have an excuse for him to be the coolie the next time. Other things aside, this fellow's ability to attract sea monsters was not bad!

In the next moment, he would be able to tame the ice-cracked swallow fish!

"Haha, Quick, Help Me Tame the ice-cracker Croc!"

Invincible battle technique said with a burning face!

"Let me make it clear first. You Don't have the Kingdom of God to suppress it. If you want the ice-cracker Croc to be your mount, you have to cultivate a good relationship with it. Otherwise, it will eat you up!"

Wang Xian reminded him lightly!

"I know this. You Don't have to worry about it. Hurry up, the ice-cracker Croc Mount of the level five eternal lord. hahahaha!"

Crazy laughter in the two voices sounded!