Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2280: 2280 sea monsters attacked the city

"Come here, put more blood on its heart and let the ice drill alligator absorb it. Only after it has familiarized itself with your aura can it listen to you!" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wang Xian took out the ice drill alligator and said to invincible in battle tactics!

As for the need to put more blood on it, it was purely because he was unhappy with the middle-aged man and did it on purpose!

"Do it, do it as you wish!"

The middle-aged man didn't mind at all. As long as he could have the ice drill alligator as his mount, what was a little blood?

The process of taming the ice drill crocodile was a little longer than the others. It took a few hours!

Moreover, invincible in battle techniques was also afraid that the ice drill crocodile would run away. He pestered Wang Xian to help him increase his relationship with the ice drill crocodile!

Wang Xian didn't reject him. This middle-aged man still had a lot of room for him to make use of!

"Hahaha, Awesome, Awesome!"

"I'm invincible in battle techniques. With the level five ice drill crocodile as my battle pet, I can roam the world!"

"In the greater world, in the entire universe, I will be the Supreme!"

Ten hours later, invincible in his battle techniques stood on the ice drill alligator and laughed maniacally!

The Ice Drill Alligator, which was about 2,000 meters long, emitted a cold and violent aura. The invincible in his battle techniques stood on it. Indeed, he had the temperament of a heaven's favorite who stood above everything and dared to compete with the greater world!

"Come here and be a chuunibyou. Add something to your brain so that I can collect my debt in the future!"

Wang Xian told invincible battle technique!

If he wanted the AI, he would trick it to come and work next time!

"Collect the debt? HMPH, how could I, Invincible Battle Technique, owe you? I will return it to you very soon!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head slightly and landed beside Wang Xian. He took out the AI!

Beep! Beep! Beep

However, just as he turned on the AI on his arm, a red alert suddenly sounded on the AI. The notifications kept ringing!

"Huh?"

Invincible battle technique was slightly stunned, and a serious expression appeared on his face. He immediately began to check!

"Oh no, Tianbei Hai city has been attacked by sea monsters!"

He looked at the message asking for help, and his expression changed slightly!

He immediately looked at the place and found that it was not far from Tianbei Hai City!

They had been chased for tens of millions of kilometers and had already fled to the edge!

"Boss Wang, a small city in the land of battle tactics has encountered an attack from sea monsters. I want to rush over immediately!"

Invincible battle tactics said with a grave tone!

"Oh, then you can leave with an AI!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Boss Wang, we are comrades after all. Let's go, come with me!"

Invincible battle tactics rolled his eyes and pulled Wang Xian along as he said!

"It's okay to go and take a look. If I encounter danger, I'll leave immediately!"

"Sure, sure!"

Wang Xian didn't reject being pulled onto the ice drill crocodile by invincible battle technique!

He wanted to see if he could get any benefits from the sea monsters attacking the city!

"Invincible battle technique ice drill, Charge!"

Invincible battle technique stood on top of the ice drill crocodile's head and ordered loudly!

Wang Xian was speechless. Ice drill battle technique?

This name...

"The monster attack has just started. The strongest one is only an eternal lord level five sea monster. Fortunately, it's still okay. Speed up, invincible battle technique ice drill!"

Invincible battle technique stood on top of it. He looked at the information on the AI and shouted loudly!

"Can't the strongest level five eternal sea monster withstand the attack?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked curiously!

"Tian bei Hai Cheng is just a small city in the most remote part of the battlefield. There are only a million people in there. It's relatively remote and hasn't been attacked by sea monsters for thousands of years!"

"Right now, there's an eternal lord level five guy guarding the city. F * ck, he's not even as invincible as me in terms of combat techniques. The AI will inform everyone within a radius of 50,000 kilometers. If you can send reinforcements, send them!"

"We're not too far away from here. Today, I'm invincible in terms of combat skills and my Savior!"

He raised his head slightly and stared at the area in front of him. His face was filled with arrogance!

The ice drill alligator was very fast. Wang Xian stood in the sky and looked ahead!

He flew out of the extremely cold northern region which was covered by glaciers and continued to advance forward!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Roar! Roar

"Hualala!"

Five minutes later, a city appeared in their line of sight. This city was indeed a small city in the Tianze continent!

However, there was clearly a problem ahead.

In the sky, an incomparably huge hurricane was swirling. The hurricane was incomparably terrifying as it slowly advanced forward!

All the buildings were instantly destroyed by the hurricane!

Below, millions of sea monsters were roaring below!

In the middle, a few sea monsters that looked like giant octopuses were wreaking havoc. Each of them was more than 10,000 meters in size!

On the city wall, the metal cannons were shooting out streams of terrifying energy to bombard the area below!

However, half of the city wall had already been destroyed by a giant octopus!

"Demon scroll octopus, a level five demon scroll octopus of the Eternal Lord. There are still five of them!"

Wang Xian looked over and frowned slightly!

Right in front of him, an old man and a demon roll octopus were fighting with their lives on the line!

In the surroundings, the sea monsters charged towards the steel city and fought with the experts guarding the city!

In the middle, there were already thousands of corpses!

"There are 70 to 80 eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters!"

Wang Xian took a glance at the sea monsters. Their strength was several times more than that of Tian Beihai Cheng!

On the city wall, there were still many people holding high-tech weapons. They were attacking the sea monster with an embarrassed expression!

"The rescue has been sent out. If the strong ones don't come, our Tian Beihai city will be destroyed!"

"Even if it isn't destroyed by the sea monster, it will be destroyed by this hurricane!"

On the city wall, there were more than ten thousand people holding high-tech weapons. An old man said with a heavy tone!

"Oh no, there's another sea monster over there. It's the ice drill alligator. Why is the ice drill alligator here? Isn't this kind of sea monster in the extremely cold sea?"

Someone noticed an ice drill alligator flying over, and his expression changed drastically!

The hearts of the surrounding people also sank, and despair appeared on their faces!

"You bunch of animals, how dare you invade my land of battle techniques? I'm invincible in battle techniques, and today, I'll destroy you bunch of damn animals!"

A furious roar came from the position of the ice drill alligator!

"Eh? This Is?"

At this moment, everyone from Tianbei Hai Cheng was slightly stunned!

"Invincible in battle techniques? Could it be that young master?"

"What's the situation with the ice drill alligator? That young master's pet... No, that young master can't suppress a pet of this level, right?"

Some people looked over with confused faces.

"Boss Wang, there are five level five eternal masters. Help us defend against three of them!"

At this moment, Invincible, who was standing on the Ice Drill Croc, noticed the sea monsters on the battlefield. He spoke to Wang Xian with his strength!

"The risk is too great. Five level five eternal masters elixirs!"

Wang Xian said calmly!

"Boss Wang, we humans are showing weakness in the Tianze continent. When we encounter sea monsters, we should..."

"Ten level five eternal lord elixirs!"

"What the F * ck? Alright, five then. But boss Wang, you have to hold on. Oh right, you are an array master. It's best for you to defend the city and wait for reinforcements!"

"Boss Wang, summon the other ice drill crocodile!"

Invincible battle technique said with a dark face!

Following that, he waved his arm and a small particle flew above him!

Wang Xian flew to the side and another ice drill alligator appeared beneath him!

He raised his head and looked at the small particle that was aiming at him. It seemed to be a video recording particle!

Was this guy trying to record his heroic appearance?