Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2281: 2281,000 wolves roared

"A bunch of beasts, invading my battlefield, asking me if I'm Invincible!"

The video particles floated above invincible, and he began to Shout!

"Battle Tactic Ice Drill, Kill!"

"WUUUUU!"

He moved his arm, and a silver-white longsword appeared in his hand. The ice drill crocodile beneath him let out an angry roar and flew towards the city wall!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

Countless ice arrows shot towards the sea monster below!

"Invincible Young Master!"

The elder who was fighting with the magic scroll octopus looked over, his face filled with shock and joy!

"With my invincible battle technique today, these beasts will not be able to break through the city!"

Invincible battle technique shouted with a dignified face!

"It's really that invincible young master!"

"Hiss, this young master actually used an adult ice drill crocodile as his mount. He's so powerful. He's worthy of being called Invincible Young Master!"

"Look at the back. There's another ice drill crocodile. There's a young man on it. Is He also the young master of the land of battle techniques?"

On the city wall, everyone was shocked when they saw invincible of battle techniques riding on the ice drill crocodile's Mount!

Some of them looked at invincible battle technique, Wang Xian and the rest and heaved a sigh of relief!

"Boss Wang, hurry up and help. You are the one who received the reward!"

Invincible battle technique transmitted his voice to Wang Xian, asking him to take action immediately!

Wang Xian rolled his eyes. This fellow now owed him 15 Grade-5 master god Elixirs!

However, he didn't hesitate. With a move of his body, the ice drill crocodile beneath him attacked the ground below!

He flew directly toward the city wall!

"Roar!"

At the location below, the demon roll octopuses saw the ice drill alligator attacking them. They let out a roar and charged toward the ice drill alligator directly!

"Retreat and defend the city wall, boss Wang. Quick, quick, it's up to you!"

Riding on the ice drill alligator, invincible was shocked when he saw the two demon roll octopuses attacking him. He quickly shouted loudly!

In the end, he didn't forget to shout at Wang Xian!

He knew what he was capable of. He still had to rely on Wang Xian in this battle to defend the city!

After all, he was a formation master!

"Formation, good weather!"

Wang Xian landed on the city wall and ignored invincible. With a wave of his arm, he immediately began to set up a formation!

Tian Beihai Cheng, who was on the city wall, looked over!

Buzz

Wang Xian used his water elemental energy to set up a formation in the void!

Very soon, drops of rain fell from the sky. The rain seemed to have been attracted and fell toward the hurricane in front of him!

Countless drops of rain began to resist the hurricane, causing its speed to slow down gradually!

He used his water elemental energy to suppress the hurricane!

After more than ten seconds, Wang Xian's formation was completely completed!

"Formation, wall of ten thousand miles!"

Following that, Wang Xian continued to cast the formation and landed on the city wall below him!

Boom! Boom! Boom

A city wall of five hundred kilometers was erected and a line of defense was erected in front of him!

"Hiss, this lord is a formation master, a powerful formation master!"

"Formation master, it will be much easier for us with a formation master around. This wall of ten thousand miles can withstand the attack of the eternal Lord Sea Monster!"

Everyone from Tian Beihai Cheng looked over with excitement and excitement on their faces!

They looked at Wang Xian with gratitude on their faces!

"Retreat and defend! Wait for reinforcements!"

The invincible voice continued to ring out!

He immediately ordered the ice drill crocodile to hide behind!

PA! PA! PA! PA

However, at this moment, the two magic scroll octopuses wrapped their tentacles around the ice drill crocodile!

"Roar Roar!"

The ice drill alligator that was entangled revealed an angry expression. It roared furiously and continued to fight!

"Boss Wang, quick, quick, give me some support. You still have so many war pets in your hands. Let's Fight!" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Invincible battle technique lay on the body of the ice drill alligator and tried his best not to be hit!

However, the two magic scroll octopuses were wrapping around his ice drill alligator. Injuries still appeared on the ice drill alligator's body!

"Trash!"

Wang Xian spoke to invincible in disdain and immediately set up the formation!

Boom

At this moment, the last devilish tornadoes that were not entangled landed a huge attack on the wall of the formation!

The terrifying attack caused the wall of the formation to tremble!

"Formation, five true fire, incinerate!"

Wang Xian's arm condensed the formation for more than ten seconds and headed towards the invincible support of the battle formation!

Following that, Wang Xian continued to set up the formation!

In the sky, an incomparably huge and terrifying heavenly blade slowly condensed!

"Boom!"

At the position below, the demonic tornado octopus continued to attack the wall of ten thousand miles!

Cracks slowly appeared on the wall of ten thousand miles!

"Formation, Heavenly Blade Slash!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the huge Golden Heaven's saber condensed in the sky attacked the demon-like octopus below!

"The formation master's formation is indeed powerful, but it's too much of a waste of time. It's much weaker than a personal battle!"

Wang Xian mumbled and continued to set up the formation!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

From below, Heaven's saber slash attacked the demon-like octopus continuously and cut off one of its huge tentacles!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The demonic tornado octopus was extremely furious. Its central mouth let out an earth-shattering roar!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the lower position, more than a million sea monsters were attacking the wall of ten thousand miles at the same time!

"Sir, be careful. We will defend against the other sea monsters!"

At the back, many experts from Tianbei Hai City walked over and reminded Wang Xian!

As everyone knew, formation masters were weaker in close combat. They were a little worried that Wang Xian would be attacked!

"I'm Fine!"

Wang Xian shook his head and waved his arm!

"Awoo! awoo! Awoo!"

Following that, Wolf howls sounded in the sky!

One, two, three, and soon, a few thousand Northern Expedition Wolves appeared above the wall of ten thousand miles!

Every single northern expedition wolf exuded the aura of a peak godly state!

Behind them, everyone in Sky North Sea city stared at this scene in shock, their eyes slightly widened!

"Awooooo!"

In the next moment, nearly 4,000 Northern Expedition Wolves raised their heads and let out a wolf howl!

The entire pack of wolves let out a howl, and the aura of a peak deity charged towards the million sea monsters!

When the aura of these 3,000 to 4,000 northern expedition wolves erupted together, it caused all the sea monsters to tremble!

The aura of a real northern expedition wolf pack was no weaker than the aura of dozens of sea monsters at the first level of the Eternal Celestial Master level!

"He has stolen the limelight!"

Because of Wang Xian's support, invincible looked behind him after dodging the entanglement of the two magic scroll octopuses. His face revealed a look of envy!

"Are these war pets? There are a total of three to four thousand war pets at the peak of the godly state. This is too powerful!"

"That Lord is too powerful. Are these the core elites of the land of Combat Arts?"

Everyone in sky-north Sea city was shocked when they saw this scene!

There were only about 100 peak God realm experts in sky-north Sea City!

"Roar!"

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

However, 3,000 to 4,000 Northern Expedition Wolves could not stop the million sea monsters!

Ten seconds later, the million sea monsters continued to erupt!

"B * Stard, you're courting death!"

Just as Wang Xian was about to release the ninety-nine Northern Howling Celestial Wolves, a loud roar came from the west. A terrifying aura rushed over!

Help had arrived!