Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2282: 2282 owed money based on his ability

More than ten figures were charging towards them at a terrifying speed!

Each of them had an aura that was no weaker than that of a third, fourth, or even fifth or sixth rank eternal Lord Sea Monster!

When North Sky Sea city was attacked by the sea monster, they immediately sent out reinforcements. If it wasn't for the fact that this place was quite far away and the experts'teleportation array needed to be transferred, there might have been experts coming over long ago!

Even so, within seven to eight minutes of the Sea Monsters'invasion, a group of experts had rushed over!

"Eh? There are already experts here to stabilize the situation. So many ice wolves. Is It a Beast Tamer? It's rare for a beast tamer master to have so many ice wolves!"

The eyes of the dozen or so experts who rushed over swept over this area. When they saw the ice wolves standing on the wall of ten thousand li, their eyes revealed shock and confusion!

Someone had come to support them earlier than them, and it was a powerful Beast Tamer Master. It was unexpected!

"That's invincible. Invincible is here too. How does he have an eternal god Lord Level 5 Ice Drill Crocodile Mount?"

One of them looked even more shocked when he saw the invincible battle technique on the ice drill crocodile!

They naturally understood that the invincible battle technique was the most outstanding genius in the entire immortal battle technique. It was the most outstanding immortal battle technique in tens of millions of years!

He had reached the eternal god Lord realm at such a young age and was greatly favored by the ancestor!

However, even if he was favored, he could not possibly have a level 5 eternal god Lord Mount!

Putting aside whether or not they had a level 5 eternal God Lord Mount in their immortal battle techniques, with his current strength, even if they had one, they would not give it to him!

Such a powerful mount required at least a level 5 eternal god Lord Expert to ride it!

This was an adult-level mount, not a joke. If it were to backfire, it would be a huge problem!

As for the stronger ones, they could use their eternal divine kingdoms to suppress their mounts'lairs and make them submit completely!

There were very few cultivators who rode on a mount that was stronger than them!

"Let's kill these sea monsters first!"

Although everyone had doubts, they still charged straight into the battlefield!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In an instant, the overwhelming attacks landed on the battlefield hundreds of kilometers away, and the entire battlefield was instantly covered in energy!

One of the old men who had mastered six laws directly charged at the eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A few magic scroll octopuses let out a roar, and their eyes revealed a look of terror. Their figures flashed slightly, and they instantly left!

When the other eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters saw the magic scroll octopuses escaping, they did not hesitate and returned to their nests immediately!

In an instant, the eternal god Lord Level Sea Monsters on the battlefield disappeared instantly!

"Kill the rest of the Beasts!"

When invincible in battle saw the eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters escaping, he raised his head slightly as he was being suppressed. His face revealed a look of savagery!

He was the first to bear the brunt of the attack. He directly attacked the sea monsters at the demigod level!

With a slash of his sword, the frozen longsword swept across the entire battlefield. More than 100,000 sea monsters were instantly killed!

Following that, another slash of his sword covered the entire battlefield with frost!

"Invincible, be careful!"

An elder looked over and reminded invincible battle technique!

"Hahaha, those below the eternal god Lord level are just ants. I can kill them easily!"

Invincible in battle techniques said proudly!

The rest of them shook their heads and began to clear some of the sea monsters below!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he waved his arm and kept nearly four thousand ice wolves into the mother nest!

At the same time, the ice drill crocodile flew to his side and he also kept it in!

With the support of the strong ones, he didn't interfere. He looked down and kept the demon scroll octopus tentacle that he had just chopped off!

No matter what, the demonic octopus tentacle was a level five body of an eternal God Lord. A small piece of it could be comparable to a celestial-level elixir!

Furthermore, the level of the elixir wasn't low!

The entire tentacle was more than 500 meters long. It could be used to make an iron plate squid tentacle...

"Clean up the battlefield!"

The battle in front of them ended very quickly. A voice rang out!

"Sir, thank you for your help earlier. Otherwise, our tianbei hai city would have suffered heavy losses!"

An old man walked over and thanked Wang Xian!

He waved his hand and didn't mind. The old man smiled and started to clean up the battlefield!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, wasn't my battle technique invincible heroic just now?"

At this moment, invincible battle technique flew over and said proudly!

One man against ten thousand men. He wasn't afraid of the Sea Monster Army at all!

He had already filmed the video. This time, his unrivaled battle technique would be famous throughout the entire natural selection continent!

"Awesome, Awesome. Since it's settled, I'll take my leave first. Don't forget the money you owe me!"

Wang Xian looked at him speechlessly and said directly!

"Wait, boss Wang!"

Unrivaled battle technique immediately called out to him!

Wang Xian looked over in puzzlement!

"Boss Wang, no matter what, that ice-breaking wolf pack is also my spoils of war. Now that you've taken it away, I don't need too much. Just give me a thousand of them!"

Invincible battle technique stared at him with gleaming eyes!

Just now, Wang Xian had released nearly 4,000 ice wolves. The roar of the entire pack of wolves caused millions of sea monsters to tremble!

Such a domineering scene made invincible battle technique extremely envious!

If he were to ride on the ice drill alligator and have more than 1,000 northern expedition wolves behind him, that would be so cool!

"Get lost. You want to buy them with money!"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian said disdainfully!

"Hey, boss Wang, don't go too far. This is my territory that is invincible in battle techniques. You are stealing my..."

"Bang!"

Seeing that Wang Xian didn't give it to him, invincible in battle techniques'expression changed. He threatened Wang Xian in a threatening manner!

However, before he could finish his words, Wang Xian kicked him, causing him to fly backward!

Bang

Following that, his body landed heavily on the ground with a loud bang!

"Huh? What's going on?"

"Invincible, he..."

The people around looked over and were stunned!

Their invincible young master was actually beaten up by that young man!

"Wang Xian, don't go too far. I only want a thousand of them!"

Invincible got up with a change in expression as he shouted angrily!

"Idiot, you're a fool!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As Wang Xian said that, he moved his right leg and the 10,000-mile wall beneath him collapsed. He smashed it directly at invincible battle technique!

Boom

Dust flew everywhere. Invincible battle technique was directly smashed to the ground!

"You're a fool in battle technique. Hand over the 15 pills you owe me as soon as possible. Otherwise, don't blame me for getting even with you. Now That I'm here, things won't be so simple anymore!"

Wang Xian's voice reverberated in the sky. He turned around and flew towards the direction of the Xuantian Academy!

"Peng Peng!"

Below the city wall, half of battle tactics invincible's body came out. His face was filled with anger!

"You stole so many things from me and still asked me for money. I Won't return it. What can you do to me? HMPH, how can I return the money I owe you with my ability?"

Invincible battle technique stared at Wang Xian's back and said angrily. However, the last few words were a little soft. He was afraid that Wang Xian would hear them!

At the moment, he couldn't afford to offend Wang Xian!