Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2283: Student 2283 was seriously injured

"This... our invincible young master..."

Below the city walls of Beihai City, when some people heard the words 'Invincible in battle techniques', their faces revealed a stunned expression!

Invincible in battle techniques was a heaven's favored son that was widely known in their battle techniques land!

However, they didn't expect that this young master of the battle techniques land was actually such a person! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

He owed money based on his ability...

"Who is that young man?"

Some of the experts from the land of battle techniques looked over and muttered!

It seemed like invincible was very familiar with them, but they didn't know each other. Could it be that he was invincible's friend?

It didn't seem like it either!

There was also invincible's ice drill crocodile battle pet...

Some people hesitated for a moment and flew towards invincible battle techniques!

"Hehehe, with this, my invincible battle techniques heroic bearing will spread throughout the entire natural selection continent!"

At this moment, invincible fighting style was standing on the ruins of the wall of ten thousand miles, editing the words with his AI!

Shocking! Invincible fighting style, the young master of the land of fighting style, single-handedly defended against a million sea monsters!

Shocking! Our invincible fighting style, the young master of the land of fighting style, rode on the ice drill crocodile, the tier 5 mount of the Eternal God Lord, wreaking havoc on the sea monster battlefield, guarding one city each!

Unbelievable! Invincible fighting style, one man and one mount, fighting against two tier 5 eternal God Lord Magic Scroll Octopuses!

The titles were edited one by one. At the same time, there were a few videos on the side!

These videos were all recorded by him just now!

Invincible battle technique felt his blood boiling when he saw them!

After editing, he immediately sent them out!

"Invincible, who was that Beast Tamer Master just now?"

At this moment, a few experts walked over kindly and asked invincible battle technique with a smile!

This person in front of him was the young master of invincible in battle tactics. These experts would also treat him warmly!

...

Wang Xian didn't know about invincible in battle tactics. After he left Tian Beihai Cheng, he flew straight to Xuantian Academy!

As for invincible in battle tactics, Wang Xian wasn't afraid that he would go back on his word!

If this fellow dared to not return the debt, he could retrieve the ice drill alligator with just a thought!

As long as Wang Xian wanted to retrieve his tamed war pet, he could do so easily!

Of course, Wang Xian was not prepared to ask invincible battle technique for the fifteen pills. What he wanted was for that fellow to continue working as his coolie!

...

This place was a little far from Tianbei Haicheng. It would take at least ten hours to fly!

The teleportation might be faster, but Wang Xian was not very familiar with the heaven's selection continent. He was also not prepared to use the city teleportation formation to teleport!

Flying in the sky, he could see the entire Tianze continent!

"I've left for about a month and a half this time. It's time for me to return to the academy to see my students!"

Wang Xian was a little uncomfortable. He was actually a teacher and a group of female students!

"If I had known earlier, I wouldn't have agreed with Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

He shook his head slightly!

The last time, he said that he would teach them three days at the beginning of each month. In the end, he stood them up this month!

"I will treat that level five demon scroll octopus of the Eternal Celestial Master as their food!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. Since he had become their teacher, he wouldn't treat them unfairly!

...

"PFFT!"

"Bingbing, Bingbing, are you alright?"

"HMPH, this is the strength of class one. It Can't be said that you are weak. You are simply trash. It seems that your teacher is only so-so. I think you should make way for the training grounds of class one as soon as possible!"

However, at this moment, in the mysterious Sky Academy, a woman stood proudly in front of the cultivation area of class one!

The woman was tall and had a pair of phoenix eyes. Her lips were thin and full of arrogance!

Around the woman, there were four to five young men standing there with smiles on their faces. Behind them, there were fifty to sixty people!

"You... you actually attacked so heavily. Cai Qiaoqing, you have gone too far!"

Situ Yan supported Yu Bingbing as she roared furiously!

"Too far? She's the one courting death. It's already good that I didn't kill her, but a weakling actually dares to provoke me?"

Cai Qiaoqing stared disdainfully at the heavily injured Yu Bingbing!

"It's inevitable to get injured during a spar. It's her own fault for not being proficient!"

"Furthermore, you guys occupy the best training grounds in class one. We naturally want to see for ourselves what qualifications you guys have to occupy this training grounds. If you don't have the strength, tell your teacher to quickly make him move out of the way!"

A young man beside them said with a smile. His eyes were filled with mockery!

"That's right. Although there is still a year before the class competition, I don't think you guys have the qualifications!"

A few young men beside him echoed!

The competition in Xuantian Academy was very intense. The simplest reason was the competition among the classes. There was a distinction between the strong and the weak in the training grounds of the classes!

A strong class naturally occupied a good training ground!

The place where Wang Xian and the rest were at was the best training ground for this batch!

On the other side, Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and the rest had angry looks on their faces!

Both of them had some injuries on their bodies. However, compared to Yu Bingbing, their injuries were much lighter!

There was a long wound on Yu Bingbing's cheek. Her entire body was almost cut in half and one of her arms was broken!

Such a serious injury would require at least half a year for her to recover!

If it weren't for them, Yu Bingbing's injury might have been even more serious!

However, after the Academy's internal sparring, as long as it wasn't a death duel, the Academy wouldn't interfere!

If she were to enter the arena, even if she were to die, the academy wouldn't interfere!

This method was to nurture experts, and it was to allow her to have a better battle with the sea monster today!

"You were the ones who insulted our teacher First!"

Yu bingbing gritted her teeth, and her pale face was filled with anger as she stared at them!

Just now, the other party had insulted their teacher and said that they were weak, but their teacher was only so-so!

If they said that their teacher was young, he was probably just a silver spear wax head!

How could Yu Bingbing agree when she heard that they insulted her teacher? She attacked angrily, but in the end, she was heavily injured!

"Am I wrong? HMPH, a teacher with no qualifications is occupying this class, and you guys are still so weak. So what if I said it?"

"You guys can defeat me to avenge your previous humiliation. Unfortunately, you guys don't have the strength!"

Cai Qiaoqing said to Yu Bingbing and the others with a disdainful face, and then she left with her head held high!

"TSK TSK, a class is full of women. That teacher is really blessed!"

A young man said in a strange tone before turning around and leaving!

Behind them, Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and the others were filled with rage!

However, they weren't a match for the other party!

The other party's group came from three different classes, and they were all the top students of this batch. Even though they weren't weak either, they weren't the strongest in the entire batch of formation master freshmen!

And among them, there were a few of the strongest freshmen!

"Not bad!"

At a building ten kilometers away from the academy, two figures stood on top of the building with a faint smile on their faces!

One of the figures was missing an arm. The spot where the arm was severed was pitch-black, and flesh and blood were squirming about. It was a frightening sight to behold!

"Since I can't deal with you, I don't believe that I can't deal with your student. HMPH, very soon, I'll make you the laughingstock of the Academy! So what if you're a teacher?"

The young man with a broken arm was Shangguan Zhehan. At this moment, his expression was a little ferocious!

This time, he was ordered by his master to go to the front line as punishment. When he encountered the corrosive venom of the sea monster of the Eternal God, his arm disappeared instantly. Now, if he wanted to recover, he would have to resort to the strong or spend a large number of elixirs!

Shangguan Zhehan, who was walking in front of death, was extremely furious!

All, is that Wang Xian harm, he is not reconciled!