Chapter 2284: Student 2284 was severely injured

"Although we can't do anything to him, it's enough to damage his reputation!"

Shi Zhengyang, who was standing beside Shangguan Zhehan, smiled coldly. His eyes were filled with hatred!

All of this was done secretly by them. As the senior students of Xuantian Academy and the famous students of the entire Xuantian Academy, it was simply too easy for them to deal with a few students!

It was because of that Wang Xian that caused their house of War Beasts to close down on the first day of business!

It was because of that Wang Xian that they were thrown to the front line of the battlefield. Shangguan Zhehan almost died!

It was because of that Wang Xian that they were ridiculed behind their backs!

How could they be willing to not take revenge for such an enmity?

However, it was a pipe dream for them to take revenge on a teacher of the Xuantian Academy!

However, if they could destroy his reputation, they would be able to vent some of their hatred!

They were prepared to give Wang Xian the title of the most trashy teacher in the Xuantian Academy!

At the thought of this, a ferocious smile appeared on their faces!

"Senior Shangguan!"

"Brother Shi!"

At this moment, a few young men and women walked over from the back. They were the few people who had headed to class one just now!

Cai Qiaoqing retracted the arrogance on her face and walked over with a smile!

The other young men carried a trace of respect!

"That's right, I'll have to trouble all of you!"

Shangguan Zhehan looked at the four people who came over and a smile appeared on his face!

"Senior, it's no trouble. That group of people directly occupied Class 1 and occupied the best cultivation spot. We were originally unhappy about it, but seeing that they were a group of girls, we didn't bother with them. However, it's different when their teacher provoked you, Senior!"

"In the future, if senior has any instructions, just let us know!"

The youths immediately said with smiles on their faces!

Towards the two seniors before them, they also felt some admiration in their hearts!

Directly finding trouble with their teacher wasn't something that just anyone would dare to do!

And the reason why they dared to help was because of one thing. In addition, there was the background of the two of them, as well as their talent!

In the future, these two seniors would almost 90% be able to step into the Eternal Divine Lord Realm!

"Hehe, in the future, we might have to trouble a few juniors. Of course, we won't be lacking in the benefits!"

Shi Zhengyang said indifferently!

"Hehe, it's no trouble at all. It's just a piece of cake!"

"But seniors, we can't keep finding trouble with them. We're afraid that their teacher..."

The group of young men shook their heads hurriedly. However, one of them said with some worry!

"It's alright. It's normal for students to spar in the academy. Don't worry, we don't dare to anger a strong person. We're just trying to damage his reputation. He won't dare to do anything to you!"

"Don't tell anyone about this. Otherwise, the consequences..."

Shi Zhengyang said indifferently!

In fact, they didn't dare to completely anger Wang Xian. Not only was he a teacher of the academy, but he was also a curse array master!

This was also the reason why they chose to take revenge in such a way. They hid behind to prevent Wang Xian from cursing them!

"We understand this. We also understand the rules of the Academy!"

The group of young men nodded their heads quickly!

"Mm, the next time we attack, we can be a little more severe, the kind that will cause them to be unable to recover in a few years!"

Shangguan Zhehan said coldly!

"Yes, Senior Shangguan!"

Cai Qiaoqing hurriedly smiled and nodded, while the rest of the youths frowned slightly and nodded their heads!

They all understood the rules of the academy, as long as they didn't kill them, it would be fine to blow them up until only a drop of blood was left!

Cruel!

But this is based on the premise that humans are enemies of the sea monsters!

Xuantian Academy does not train the weak, do not train people who do not fight!

The students of the academy, in the last few years, will have to go to the front line to fight the Underground Sea Army!

...

Buzz

"18 hours, just a distance, I have the strength of an eternal God lord rank 5 to fly for 18 hours, this Tianze continent is really huge!"

At the entrance of the northern coast of the Xuantian Academy, Wang Xian looked at the academy in front of him and muttered to himself!

All the students came over for a while!

When he arrived above the group of students who were cultivating, Wang Xian's voice spread throughout the surroundings!

"Teacher is here!"

"Our teacher is finally here!"

At this moment, one by one, the girls ran out and heaved a heavy sigh of relief!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the girls. Soon, most of the girls were gathered here!

"Teacher!"

The girls gathered in front and the girls who had rushed over shouted one by one!

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly!

"Where are Tian Xue and Yu Bingbing?"

He swept his gaze across all the students and saw that two of them were missing. He opened his mouth and asked!

"Huh? Huang Jiajia, Situ Yan, and Xiaolan, why are the three of you injured?"

However, he soon realized that Huang Jiajia, Situ Yan, and Xiaolan were injured. He frowned and continued to ask!

"Teacher, Bingbing is injured. Her injuries are a little serious. We... We Are Fine!"

Huang Jiajia said in a low voice!

"Her injuries are a little serious? What Happened?"

Wang Xian sat down and a chair instantly appeared beneath him!

"Teacher, it's Cai Qiaoqing, he Ziwen, Zhao Yuanfeng, Niu Feiyuan and the rest. They came to our training grounds and said that we are not worthy to cultivate here. They wanted to spar with us!"

"Jiajia and sister Yan Zi couldn't stand to spar with them. However, they weren't their match and were injured. After that, they insulted us. Xiao Lan was furious and even got injured by them!"

"After that... After that, Cai Qiaoqing said a few words to you, teacher. Bingbing rushed forward and was seriously injured. Teacher, go and take a look at Bingbing. She is seriously injured!"

A girl said with a slightly angry expression!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and stood up immediately. "Bring Me There!"

"Yes, teacher!"

Huang Jiajia, Situ Yan, and the other girls immediately brought Wang Xian into a room!

When she opened the door, Yu Bingbing was sitting cross-legged and recovering from her injuries!

"Teacher!"

When Yu Bingbing saw that the door was opened, she was slightly stunned when she saw Wang Xian. A look of panic appeared on her face!

She quickly stood up and shouted!

However, due to her strength, fresh blood immediately oozed out from the wounds on her forehead and body. Her face turned pale!

"She's injured badly!"

Wang Xian scanned the injuries on her body and his face turned a little black!

"Teacher, it's my fault. I've embarrassed you!"

Yu Bingbing lowered her head and said softly!

Buzz

Wang Xian swept his gaze across and a surge of energy landed on her body!

The injuries on her body were healing at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"Thank you, teacher!"

Yu Bingbing raised her head and said gratefully to Wang Xian!

"Tell me, what exactly happened?"

Wang Xian stood there with a sullen face and asked the few girls!

"Teacher..."

Situ Yan opened her mouth and told them everything that happened today! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Where's Tianxin?"

Wang Xian asked expressionlessly!

"Teacher, Tianxin has a good background and has been cultivating at home. We called out to her at that time, but she said she didn't have the time!"

Situ Yan replied!

"Teacher, this is because our strength is inferior to others. We will work hard to cultivate in the future!"

Huang Jiajia's face was full of anger and fighting spirit as she said this!

They would definitely avenge today's humiliation!