Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2285: 2285 imparted the curse

"Teacher, we have embarrassed you!"

A group of girls stood in front of Wang Xian and said with their heads lowered!

This time, they had indeed embarrassed Wang Xian!

In Xuantian Academy, a teacher's reputation was earned by his own students. If his students were weak, he would also be embarrassed as a teacher!

If his students were strong, not only would his teacher have face, but he would also receive some rewards!

Furthermore, once his student reached the level of the eternal divine lord, he would also be considered a strong individual!

Therefore, many teachers in the Xuantian Academy would choose one of the thirty students to be their disciple, their personal disciple!

"He provoked Yu Bingbing after only starting school for more than a month, and he even injured her so badly. It seems like he has bad intentions!"

Wang Xian's eyes turned cold as he looked at the few girls in front of him who had their heads lowered without saying a word. His eyes sparkled!

With a wave of his arm, he completely healed the injuries on Huang Jiajia and the rest!

"Let's go out First!"

Wang Xian said to them and walked straight out!

"Teacher!"

"Bingbing's injuries are healed!"

When the group of girls saw Yu Bingbing following behind them, their faces lit up with joy!

"I'll be staying here for the next four to five days. All of you should focus on your training. If there's anything you don't understand, come and look for me directly!"

"For now, let's eat something!"

Wang Xian glanced at the group of girls and hesitated for a moment. With a wave of his arm, the tentacle of the octopus was suspended in the air!

"From now on, Situ Yan will be the class monitor and Huang Jiajia will be the deputy class monitor. Each of you can eat one catty of this octopus tentacle every day. It should be enough for a month. There's no need to save. I'll get you something else to eat next month!"

"Leave the distribution of the octopus tentacle to Situ Yan and Huang Jiajia. Who knows how to Cook? Find a girl who knows how to Cook!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he swept his gaze across the group of girls!

At this moment, all the girls standing in front of him were looking at the octopus tentacle with pale faces!

Yes, their faces were pale!

They could feel a strong pressure from the octopus tentacle. This pressure made their blood and Qi not flow smoothly, and their faces even turned pale!

"This is the tentacle of the eternal lord-level sea monster!"

A girl suddenly mumbled!

"It's the demonic scroll octopus, the level five demonic scroll octopus of the eternal lord-level. A small piece of its flesh is not weaker than five or six or even six or seven wisps of divine fire pills!"

Another girl beside them suddenly exclaimed!

"That's right, this piece of flesh can make all of you improve a lot!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly!

The group of girls'breathing quickened slightly. Their teacher actually took out such a precious treasure and gave it to them. Furthermore, each of them had to eat one Jin of it every day. There would be more in the future!

Each of them had to eat one Jin of it every day. They Couldn't digest it at all! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Teacher, I know how to cook, but... but if I were to cook it, the effects would be lost a lot!"

A girl raised her hand and said weakly!

"Teacher, I know how to cook too. If I were to cook it, I would waste half of it!"

Yu Bingbing also said!

"It's alright. You guys won't be able to digest it in a day. Let's just waste it. Make it taste better!"

Wang Xian said nonchalantly!

Wang Xian really didn't care about the tentacle of an eternal lord level five sea monster!

Gulp

The rest of them gulped in disbelief!

"Let's make some food first. Yu Bingbing, Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and Xiao Lan, the four of you, come and look for me after you finish your meal. I will teach you the battle formation. Five days later, I will bring all of you to take revenge!"

Wang Xian said indifferently and walked into a room at the side!

Behind him, a group of girls looked at each other in dismay!

"Teacher... he actually asked us to eat the body of the level five sea monster of the Eternal Lord!"

"If we eat like this, we will be able to improve in a year at most!"

One of the girls mumbled and opened her mouth slightly!

"We're Rich! I didn't expect our teacher to be so powerful. This is the body of the level five sea monster of the Eternal Lord! It's such a waste for us to eat it!"

"It's at least 3,000 to 4,000 pounds! Can we finish it in a month?"

The girls were all stunned!

Situ Yan and Huang Jiajia swallowed their saliva and looked excited!

They had a good background, but it was only limited to the eternal God Lord rank experts in their family. Their rank was not high, and their rank was not weak either!

However, they did not have the luxury to eat the body of an eternal God Lord Rank 5 sea monster!

Their background was considered good, not to mention the other girls!

This was simply a huge opportunity!

Perhaps only the eternal lord rank 8 or 9 experts could provide for their children?

In addition, the two of them had become class leaders!

Moreover, their teacher had just said that he would teach them the battle array and let them take revenge five days later!

"Bingbing, Little Yuan, you guys go... Go and cook. Later, make a serving for our teacher!"

Situ Yan was the first to react. She looked at Yu Bingbing and the girl who raised her hand and said she knew how to Cook!

"Yes, yes!"

Before the two of them could react, they nodded mechanically!

"We will be rich in the future. Teacher is great!"

Slowly, some of the girls got used to it and shouted happily!

"Teacher wants to teach sister Yan Jia Bingbing and Xiao Lan the new array formation. Wow, I really envy you guys. is teacher going to take you guys in as his personal disciples?"

"It's very possible. Moreover, teacher said that he will take revenge in five days. Could it help them increase their strength quickly?"

Envious voices sounded. One by one, the girls looked at Yu Bing, Situ Yan, Huang Jia Jia, and Xiao Lan!

They were indeed extremely envious. Now that their teacher had given them such a precious treasure, wouldn't there be more benefits for them to become personal disciples?

However, they were still envious. Situ Yan, Yu Bingbing, and the other three were obviously injured because they had made a move this time!

Who asked them not to make a move? They could only blame themselves!

The group of girls thought in their hearts. Very quickly, they endured the pressure and walked to the surroundings of the octopus tentacle. Their eyes reflected light as they sized it up!

Meanwhile, Yu Bingbing and another girl used a lot of effort to cut off a piece and began to make it!

It was too extravagant to cook directly!

All the girls who ate the meal were extremely excited!

"The taste is not bad!"

In the room, Wang Xian was eating the iron plate octopus whiskers that Yu Bingbing brought over and said with a smile!

"In the next five days, your strength will increase by at least one level. I will teach you some curse formations. In five days, you will be humiliated ten times more than today!"

Wang Xian stood up slowly and said to the four girls!

"Increase by one level in five days? Curse Formations?"

Situ Yan and the rest were slightly stunned and opened their mouths slightly!

"Don't worry. I said that I can increase it. As for the curse formations, they are the strangest and most evil formations. It is easy to deal with a few weaklings!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly and his eyes were cold!

His student was not so easy to bully!