Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2286: 2286. They would return the favor tenfold

"Curse Formation!"

When the group of girls heard Wang Xian's words, their eyes sparkled!

In the path of formation, support, attack, and defense were more common. Support was also divided into tracking, concealment, and so on!

As for the path of curse, it was relatively rare among formations. There were very few people who could master the Curse Formation!

In the entire Xuantian Academy, there were only a few formation masters who could master the curse technique. Even if there were, they could only master one or two curse formations at most!

Their level might not even be that high!

Now that their teacher was actually teaching them curse formations and helping them raise their level in five days, how could they not be excited!

"Beginner-level curse formations at the godly state level are relatively weak and can only be cast at close range. These few days, I will teach the few of you. It is enough to deal with a powerhouse at the third or fourth level of the Godly State!"

Wang Xian said to them!

Formation masters had the ability to fight against opponents at a higher level. However, this was only for powerful formation masters!

Huang Jiajia, Yu Bingbing, and the other girls had just ignited the godly fire. They did not have many formations at their disposal, so it would be difficult for them to fight against opponents at a higher level!

Of course, they could not fight against opponents at a higher level. The rest of the students could not fight against opponents at a higher level either!

If Formation Masters wanted to fight against opponents at a higher level, they would need to prepare a few formation compasses. Otherwise, they would be killed once the battle started, let alone those at a higher level!

"Thank you, teacher!"

When the four girls heard Wang Xian's words, they immediately bowed down heavily and said with gratitude!

Some arrays were not to be taught to outsiders. They were the trump cards of every expert!

For example, cursed arrays, even if their level was low, were treasures to an array master!

"In the next few days, not only do all of you need to level up, you also need to control a few arrays and train hard!"

Wang Xian said to them!

"Yes, teacher!"

The few of them nodded their heads!

In the next few days, Wang Xian stayed in his room to teach the four girls!

The improvement of formation masters was similar to that of ordinary cultivators. They had to ignite more divine flames and master stronger formations!

In order to ignite the divine flames faster and consume a large amount of resources, these resources were like a drop in the bucket for Wang Xian!

However, with sufficient resources, they needed to comprehend stronger formations on their own. Only then would they be able to achieve a true breakthrough!

This was not difficult for Wang Xian!

He had no experience in teaching the students, but he had the celestial emperor of Heaven's formation. As a mighty celestial emperor, he could easily raise the level of the four little gods within five days!

While the four girls were cultivating with all their might, there were some rumors spreading among the new students of Xuantian Academy!

Some freshmen were dissatisfied with the current class 1. They didn't have the qualifications to occupy such good resources!

Especially when the few geniuses of this year went to class 1 to spar with each other a few days ago and easily defeated all the strong students of Class 1!

In addition, there were also rumors that the teachers of class 1 were just silver spears with wax heads and didn't have any qualifications!

At such a young age, without much experience, one could be said to be the most trashy teacher in the entire Xuantian Academy!

On the AI, there were also people who posted on the internal forum of Xuantian Academy saying that the teachers in class one were too young to be qualified to be teachers!

This also attracted the attention of many people!

After all, Wang Xian was known as the youngest teacher in Xuantian Academy. Some even said that he was even younger than the students in the Academy!

This aroused the curiosity of many people. Upon seeing some people's evaluation of this teacher, some people also joined in the discussion!

What kind of experience could such a young teacher have?

He was so young and had never been to the front lines of the battlefield. How powerful could he be!

The voices caused many people to think that the teacher of class one of the new students was very incompetent!

Wang Xian didn't know about the voices from the outside world. The girls of class one were also desperately cultivating!

What happened a few days ago had dealt a huge blow to the girls!

Now that they had to consume the meat of the level five sea monster of the Eternal Lord every day, they didn't dare to waste any time!

Now, their cultivation was akin to eating a few pills with five or six wisps of divine fire every day. Their progress was progressing at a tremendous pace!

Some of the stronger students even felt that they could ignite two wisps of divine fire this month!

For students who didn't have a strong family background, one day of training here was equivalent to one or two months of training in the past!

The rule of the level five sea monster meat of the eternal lord was to consume all of it on the spot and not allow it to be taken away. This also saved the girls from the thought of being thrifty!

Five days passed in the blink of an eye. Wang Xian stood in the room and looked at the four girls in front of him with satisfaction!

Yu Bingbing and Xiao Lan, who were originally one wisp of divine fire, had now achieved two wisps of divine fire!

Huang Jiajia and Situ Yan had already ignited three wisps of divine fire!

Three Wisps of divine fire. Among this batch, only five students had achieved it!

Now that they had achieved a breakthrough and grasped the formation that Wang Xian had imparted to them, it was still a little difficult for them to fight against those of a higher level. However, if the two of them worked together, they could fight against the four wisps of divine fire!

"Let's go and take revenge. We will repay the humiliation we suffered five days ago tenfold this time!"

Wang Xian said to them calmly!

"Yes, teacher!"

A few girls had a determined look on their faces. They held their arms tightly and their faces were filled with fighting spirit!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and walked out!

"Teacher!"

When they saw Wang Xian and the rest coming out, a group of girls immediately walked over!

"Yeah, let's go and take revenge. If you guys want to follow us, follow us!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the group of girls and said nonchalantly!

"Sister Yan and the rest seem to have made a breakthrough!" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I think so. The Aura on their bodies is so strong. Bing Bing and Xiao Lan have also made a breakthrough and ignited two wisps of divine fire!"

"They have all made a breakthrough!"

When the group of girls saw Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and the rest who were at the back, they revealed a look of shock on their faces!

After five days of breakthrough, they were considered the best among the new students. Situ Yan and Huang Jiajia could even be ranked in the top ten!

"Let's go, let's follow them. Humph, five days ago, they came to bully us. Today, we will cripple them!"

"That's right, give them a good beating. Let them dare to insult us and our teacher!"

Wang Xian led the four girls straight outside. The group of girls followed him and clenched their fists in an aggressive manner!

"Which class are those people from? Lead the way!"

Wang Xian said to Situ Yan and the rest!

"Yes, teacher. They are from class two, class four, and two classes seven!"

Situ Yan replied and pointed to the front!

Wang Xian nodded and walked forward expressionlessly!

"Wow, there are so many juniors. All of them are pretty good-looking!"

"They should be the students of class one of this batch of freshmen. All of them are girls. That young man should be their teacher, the youngest teacher in our Academy!"

"It's him? The teacher who was said to be the worst in Xuantian Academy? When selecting the students, he chose all the pretty girls? Silver Spear Wax Head?"

When Wang Xian and the rest were walking towards class two, some people on the way looked over curiously and started to discuss softly!

His words made Wang Xian raise his eyebrows slightly!