Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2287: The power of 2287’s curse

"My reputation is so bad in the school. Silver Spear Wax Head?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the student who was talking about him. His eyes sparkled!

He had only stayed in the academy for a few days. Other than the student, Dean Jin, he didn't know anyone else in the Academy!

But now, someone was deliberately trying to discredit him!

That group of students who came to provoke him? It was really possible!

After all, Wang Xian looked relatively young. Those dignified middle-aged and elderly teachers didn't dare to say anything, but it didn't mean that they didn't dare to say anything to him!

"TSK TSK tsk, such a young teacher and the entire class are female students. This is simply too blissful!"

"Don't talk so much. That teacher took a glance at us!"

"So what if he did? It wasn't me who said it. Moreover, I didn't say anything wrong. I'm really envious. hehehe!"

A few hundred meters away, an ordinary-looking young man with a crafty smile on his face spoke to the burly young man beside him indifferently!

"HMPH!"

Some of the girls heard their conversation and revealed furious expressions. They looked over with furious faces!

"Haven't you seen a handsome guy before?"

When the young man saw the group of girls looking at him, he lifted his head and teased them with a smile!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

However, just as he finished his sentence, the sound of an explosion was heard from his body!

His limbs and body directly exploded, and a large amount of blood shot out in all directions!

The young man's face turned extremely pale in an instant. His entire body was severely injured and his eyes were a little unfocused!

"You're courting death!"

Wang Xian said indifferently without even looking at him!

A fellow with five wisps of divine fire was actually talking about the eternal lord recklessly. Did he think that he wouldn't dare to do anything to him in the Academy?

"Haohai!"

The face of the burly young man beside him changed drastically. He quickly took out an elixir and placed it in his mouth to check his body!

"Not good. All of the blood essence and energy in my body have exploded and dissipated. I'm no different from a cripple!"

The burly young man sensed the young man's injuries, and his face changed drastically!

The energy in his body had exploded, and his injuries were very serious. All of his blood essence and energy had been destroyed. It was fine if he wanted to recondense them, but the amount of energy required to do so was very, very great!

In fact, without a dozen or so five wisp divine fire medicinal pills, and without several decades of nurturing, it would be very difficult for him to recover!

Of course, if the eternal God Lord helped, it would be different!

"So Ruthless!"

The burly youth's heart trembled!

"I... I'm crippled. It's him, it's him. I want to tell teacher, I want to tell teacher!"

The youth's face revealed a panicked expression, and his voice carried a hint of crying as he spoke!

"I'll bring you to teacher!"

The burly youth immediately carried the youth and left, sighing slightly in his heart!

Anyone who could become a teacher was an eternal god Lord Expert. Even if that teacher looked very young, he was not someone who could be easily provoked!

Although that teacher had violated the school rules, he was the one who had provoked him first!

Moreover, if the teacher did not make the decision for him, he would only have himself to blame!

As a result of this matter, the one who had suffered the most damage was still him!

"Hiss, attacking directly, how overbearing!"

"That young man is also an idiot, provoking an expert so arrogantly!"

When the surrounding people saw this, their pupils constricted slightly, and a trace of fear flashed across their eyes!

"Serves him right!"

When the group of girls saw this scene, they lightly harrumphed!

"Teacher, in front of us is class two. It was Cai Qiaoqing from class two who heavily injured Bing Bing. Jia Jia was also easily defeated by her!"

"Cai Qiaoqing has already ignited three wisps of divine fire. She is one of the stronger ones among this batch of freshmen!"

At this moment, Situ Yan said to Wang Xian!

"A girl?"

Wang Xian asked indifferently!

"Yes, a girl!"

Situ Yan nodded her head!

"Make your move and place all the curses on her!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"It's teacher!"

Situ Yan was shocked and nodded immediately!

He could feel that his teacher was getting a little angry!

From the discussion of the young man just now, it was obvious that someone was saying bad things about his teacher behind his back!

And the people who said bad things were none other than those people from five days ago!

The one who said bad things about his teacher was also Cai Qiaoqing!

Everyone walked towards the seat of class two!

The cultivation grounds of class two were similar to class one, but the spiritual energy within was slightly less than that of class one!

The door to the cultivation room was tightly shut. Situ Yan took two steps forward and with a wave of her arm, a surge of energy crashed heavily onto the door!

The previous time they had been provoked, the other party had done the same thing!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Situ Yan's successive surges of spiritual energy crashed onto the door, producing heavy sounds!

"Who dares to disturb our cultivation again!"

The door opened and a young man shouted with a cold face!

"HMM? Class One? What are you guys doing here? Are you asking for a beating?" Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

When the young man saw Situ Yan and the rest, he raised his eyebrows and said coldly!

When he saw Wang Xian, he was slightly taken aback. However, he quickly turned his gaze away and pretended that he didn't see him!

The teacher would not interfere in a spar between students!

"HMPH, call Cai Qiaoqing over. We will return the humiliation from five days ago tenfold today!"

Situ Yan said to the young man with a cold expression!

"With just you guys? Tsk, you even called teacher over. Are you worried that you will be tortured by us?"

The young man looked at Situ Yan and said with disdain!

"To think that you guys still dare to come knocking on our door. How interesting. It seems that we didn't humiliate you guys enough last time. Initially, I was prepared to teach you guys a lesson in two months. I didn't expect that you guys would actually dare to come knocking on our door!"

As soon as the young man finished his sentence, a girl with a proud face led a group of people out from the back!

She was dressed in black and had a faint smile on her face. Her phoenix-shaped eyes were staring at Situ Yan and the rest with disdain!

"Teacher Wang is here too. You Won't interfere in the matters of our students, right?"

She looked at Wang Xian and asked with a smile!

"Naturally, I won't interfere in the matters of your students. The weak will be beaten up!"

Wang Xian said plainly!

"Well said!"

Cai Qiaoqing nodded with a smile. She looked at Situ Yan and the rest and said, "It seems like you guys didn't learn your lesson last time and insisted on coming over to humiliate yourselves!"

"Cai Qiaoqing, don't be arrogant. Today, we will make you pay the price!"

Huang Jiajia also said with a cold expression!

"Haha, with Just You Guys, wasn't it you guys that Sister Qing beat up last time? This time, you guys actually dared to come and provoke us!"

"Perhaps it's because teacher is back. Even if teacher is here, we won't show any Mercy!"

"Sister Qing, teach them a harsh lesson. Let them obediently step aside when they see us in the future!"

Behind Cai Qiaoqing, a group of young men and women spoke with disdain!

"Last time, we only taught you a small lesson. This time, if you dare to come and provoke us, don't blame me for making you lose face in the entire courtyard!"

Cai Qiaoqing said to Situ Yan and the others with a proud face!

"Then let's try!"

Situ Yan's eyes were cold as she took a few steps forward!