Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2288: 2288 students will be dealt with by the students. Those who interfere will die! 1

At the entrance of Xuantian Academy's new Student Class 2, a group of people were in a tense confrontation!

Wang Xian stood there and didn't say anything about the students'matters!

It was perfectly normal for students to spar with each other!

Once they entered the arena, they could even fight to the death!

Yu Bingbing was seriously injured. If he didn't treat her and if he didn't have sufficient resources, it would take a long time for her to recover!

Wang Xian felt that the injuries on her body were very serious. He wouldn't say that he would help her take revenge!

However, his students weren't easy to bully, especially when the other party insulted him and injured Yu Bingbing in anger!

Then, he would let his students regain their dignity and return the favor tenfold!

"Move aside. I want them to crawl out of here today!"

Cai Qiaoqing stared at Situ Yan with disdain and said to the students behind her!

"Sister Qing, get them out of Here!"

"You don't know your place. Five days ago, I could easily torture you. Today, you still dare to come to US arrogantly and humiliate yourselves!"

The girls behind her shouted loudly!

"Humph!"

Cai Qiaoqing slightly raised her head and stared at Situ Yan!

"You really think I'm afraid of You? This time, you have to pay the price for humiliating us last time!"

Situ Yan took a step forward, and the aura on her body instantly burst out!

"Huh?"

"Three wisps of divine fire, she actually ignited three wisps of divine fire!"

The burst of aura caused the faces of the students of class two opposite to them to reveal a stunned expression. They let out a series of exclamations, and their faces were filled with solemnity!

"I didn't expect you to actually break through!"

Cai Qiaoqing was also slightly stunned, and then she narrowed her eyes and the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. "You dare to provoke me when you've just broken through, you're really stupid!"

"If I were to say that it was your class's tianxue who came over, I might be a little more serious. Just you, I wouldn't even put you in my eyes!"

Her face was full of arrogance. She had a strong background, and her strength was not something that ordinary students could compare to!

"Won't you know after giving it a try?"

Situ Yan's body shook, and an aura directly charged toward Cai Qiaoqing!

"I'll let you see the gap between us!"

Cai Qiaoqing smiled coldly, and with a wave of her arm, a formation compass appeared in her hand!

Numerous golden sharp swords instantly attacked Situ Yan!

At the same time, her palm moved slightly, and she began to set up an attack formation!

Situ Yan also took out a formation compass, and the formation on the compass was instantly activated, and a stream of water wrapped around her!

What the two of them released were three wisps of divine fire-level formations!

When Cai Qiaoqing released the formation, Situ Yan also began to set up the formation!

Streams of pitch-black energy gathered in front of her. The energy squirmed and slowly turned blood-red. It looked a little strange!

"What kind of formation is that? The Darkness attribute is so strange?"

"It should be their teacher who taught her. That teacher Wang must have taught her something since he followed her here!"

"Humph, so what if he taught her? Our sister Qing has long ignited three wisps of divine fire. She isn't someone who has just broken through!"

The girls of class two looked at Situ Yan and discussed with cold faces!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

At this moment, numerous sharp swords landed in front of Situ Yan and were blocked by the water curtain formation!

"Formation, Blood Curse!"

"Formation, Earth Bind!"

In less than ten seconds, two voices sounded almost at the same time!

A Ball of darkness that covered a radius of ten kilometers was located in the center of the darkness. A strange blood-red object was attacking Cai Qiaoqing!

Below Situ Yan, the ground seemed to come alive. It reached out and grabbed at her!

Each palm was five to six meters in size. This was not only binding, it also possessed terrifying offensive power!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

Situ Yan waved her blood curse, and when she saw the earth binding that was attacking her, her figure shook!

Array formations floated around her, and with a move of his body, he flew into the sky to avoid the earth binding's attack!

An array formation master needed more than ten or twenty seconds to release an array formation of the same level!

However, if BU's level was lower than his, the speed would be much faster. For example, Situ Yanbu's divine fire-level array formation could be completed in one second!

If she practiced regularly, she could also release a low-level array formation in an instant!

Streams of energy and the array formation landed under the earth binding, and Situ Yan avoided the attack!

She stood above the entrance and continued to condense the array!

"Holy Light Robe!"

"Do you think you're the only one who has mastered the other arrays?"

At the same time, Cai Qiaoqing was also staring at the blood curse array with a cold face!

She waved her arm, and her body was instantly enveloped by a beam of light, and she flew into the sky!

The continuous attacks were aimed at the blood-red array in the middle of the blood curse array!

"Bzzz bzzz!"

"Huh? What?"

Suddenly, when the surrounding darkness touched the holy light robe, the holy light robe quickly melted!

Especially the part of the arm, it directly melted!

Then, a scene that made her feel terrified appeared. The power of darkness directly surged into her body through her arm!

This made her face full of shock, and a trace of fear appeared in her eyes!

"What kind of formation is this? How can it be so Strange?"

Her expression changed drastically as she cried out in alarm!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

The darkness that covered a radius of 1,000 meters surged towards her body at a terrifying speed!

This included the blood ball in the middle!

"Formation: Heavenly Virus!"

"Formation: three plagues!"

At this moment, two more balls of darkness condensed together, carrying a strange bloody aura as they attacked Cai Qiaoqing!

"Get lost!"

Cai Qiaoqing's face was somewhat malevolent as she let out a furious roar, and spiritual energy burst out from her body!

"Ahhhh!"

However, all of a sudden, she sensed that the spiritual energy in her body had gone out of control, and traces of blood were flowing out from her body!

A painful voice came out from her mouth!

The heavenly virus and the three calamities entered her body directly!

"What kind of array formation is this? What kind of array formation is this?"

A shrill voice sounded from her mouth, and a large amount of blood gushed out from her body!

The heavenly plague virus began to take effect, and her limbs began to twitch and her bones began to bend!

Soon, the three calamities descended upon her, and flames suddenly burst forth from her body. It was as if everything was natural, causing her body to turn pitch-black in an instant!

"Ahhhh!"

Her flesh and blood began to swell, and her bones began to bend. It was an incomparably savage sight! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Her shrill voice reverberated throughout the entire area. If not for the formation blocking her way, her voice would have echoed for more than a hundred kilometers!

She rolled on the ground continuously, looking incomparably miserable!

"Hiss, what... What kind of formation is this? How can it be so bizarre? How can it be so bizarre!"

"Sister Qing, Sister Qing, Situ Yan, you are too cruel! What on Earth have you done!"

"Inform the teacher, we'll inform the teacher!"

At this moment, the entire second class panicked!

This scene was simply too terrifying. Cai Qiaoqing seemed to have been sent to hell, incomparably terrifying!