Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2289: 2289 student matters are settled by the students. Those who interfere will die! 2

"This... What kind of formation is this? How can it be so terrifying, so strange!"

Not only everyone in class 2, but even Huang Jiajia, Yu Bingbing, and the other female students were shocked and fearful when they saw this strange attack!

Even Situ Yan, who was standing at the entrance, turned pale when she saw Cai Qiaoqing's miserable state!

This attack was too bizarre and terrifying!

At this moment, Cai Qiaoqing didn't look like a human at all!

"Is this the power of the curse?"

Situ Yan muttered. She had only come into contact with the curse five days ago!

The legendary curse was bizarre, terrifying, and Evil!

Now, it seemed that this was indeed the case!

However, the curse was also a power that everyone yearned for!

"Gulp, is this the formation that teacher imparted to sister Yan and the others? It's so strange and powerful!"

Some of the girls couldn't help but gulp. Not daring to look at Cai Qiaoqing, they muttered under their breath!

This formation was indeed very powerful and strange!

A hint of envy appeared in their eyes. It was a pity that the last time someone came to bully them, only four of them stepped forward!

Even though they knew that they were no match for the teacher, they still came forward to defend the teacher. This was what they deserved!

The teacher was probably very clear in his heart!

"Save me, save me!"

At this moment, Cai Qiaoqing, who was lying on the ground and screaming non-stop, let out a terrified voice!

At this moment, she felt as if she was about to face death!

She didn't want to die yet!

In the surroundings, a group of students from class two surrounded Cai Qiaoqing with anxious faces. However, they didn't dare to get close to her. Their faces were pale!

"Situ Yan... what... What did you do? Killing is forbidden in the academy. If you kill her, you will have to pay with your life!"

A young man mustered up his courage and said to Situ Yan!

"It's Alright, I won't Die!"

Situ Yan was also panicking at this moment. She looked at Wang Xian and Wang Xian replied indifferently!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to Situ Yan before turning around and walking out!

"It's teacher!"

Situ Yan flew down and immediately followed behind Wang Xian. The group of girls also left in a hurry!

When they saw that Wang Xian and the rest had left, everyone in class two looked at each other in dismay!

Cai Qiaoqing was still screaming beside them. One by one, the students tried to contact their teacher, but there was no response!

"Ah!"

"I'm going to kill all of you! I'm going to kill all of you!"

At this moment, Cai Qiaoqing's face was filled with malevolence as she trembled. She endured the pain in her body and opened her AI!

She was the strongest student in Class 2, and she had the teacher's AI. After notifying the teacher, no one replied!

The pain in her body did not stop. His bent arm was covered in blood as he tried to contact his mother!

Weng

"Baby girl, I Miss Your Mother..."

"Ah, daughter, what's going on? What happened? What Happened?"

A picture of a woman appeared in the AI. The woman was somewhat strong and exuded a valiant aura!

When she saw the picture of her daughter, she was completely stunned. Her face was filled with a violent killing intent. She could see the tables and chairs around her flying backward!

"Mommy, come and save me, come and save me, I'm in so much pain, so much pain!"

At this moment, Cai Qiaoqing's face was covered in blood. Her entire face was completely unrecognizable, and she looked like a devil!

"Mommy!"She said to her mother with a face full of pain!

"My good daughter, I'll come and find you immediately. Don't be afraid, Don't be afraid, mommy will come right away!"

Seeing her daughter's miserable state, the woman's face was full of heartache as she said this, and her eyes were filled with malice!

"Mommy, help me take revenge. Kill them, kill them!"

Cai Qiaoqing's face was filled with viciousness as she roared. The woman opposite her flew straight towards her!

The pain was tormenting her body!

The curse depended on the strength of the caster and the person who was cursed. The pain on Cai Qiaoqing's body would last for at least a few more hours!

This was the horror of the curse!

While Cai Qiaoqing was in pain, Wang Xian led a group of girls to the front of class four!

The teachers of class four were not here either!

When he Ziwen saw Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and the rest coming to seek revenge, he was slightly stunned when he saw Wang Xian. His eyes were filled with vigilance!

"Teacher Wang, a few days ago, we went to spar with them. They were the ones who lost. We didn't do anything!"

He Ziwen said to Wang Xian!

"It's fine even if they are severely injured in a spar between students. It's just that their skills are inferior to others. You Don't have to worry. My students aren't convinced and want to get back at them. I'm only here to take a look. I Won't make a move!"

"The academy has its own rules. Furthermore, I don't have the time to play with you guys!"

Wang Xian said faintly to him!

"If that's the case, I might have to offend you. I'm afraid you'll have to carry them away later!"

He Ziwen raised his head with some confidence!

"HMPH, he Ziwen, don't be arrogant. At that time, the people from your three classes came to provoke and humiliate us. Don't make yourself sound too high and Mighty!"

Huang Jiajia immediately walked forward and stared at him with a cold face!

"Hehe, we, the students of the Xuantian Academy, are fighting for resources. Naturally, we are not satisfied with your class occupying the best training grounds. Even if it was our three classes, we didn't bully you together!"

"With your strength, you are not qualified to make us fight together!"

He Ziwen stared at Huang Jiajia and released his pride!

He knew the rules of the academy. Even the teachers were not allowed to violate them. Therefore, even if Wang Xian was at the side, his aura was not weaker than anyone else!

"A bunch of girls, give us your class one. If that's the case, we won't Challenge You!"

"That's right, a bunch of girls. Give us that place, Haha!"

Behind he Ziwen, the young men laughed out loud!

"HMPH, let's see who's the real deal then. I, Yu Bingbing, have just ignited two wisps of divine fire to challenge your class four!"

"I, Xiao Lan, get out here, I want to challenge you!"

Yu Bingbing and Xiao Lan saw how arrogant and insulting they were, so they stood out with furious faces and shouted at those who were more aggressive!

Huang Jiajia took a few steps forward and locked her gaze on he Ziwen!

"Haha, since you're looking for a fight, don't blame us for not being polite. I'll Beat You Until You Call Me Daddy, Haha!"

The few of them immediately stepped forward and stared at them coldly. They didn't put Huang Jiajia and the others in their eyes at all!

"Sister Jiajia, Bingbing, teach them a lesson!"

"If you are arrogant now, you will cry later!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The group of girls stared at them angrily!

"Fight!"

Huang Jiajia and the others also had cold expressions on their faces. The three of them immediately dispersed and stared at their opponents coldly!

The entire Xuantian Academy was covered by a powerful formation. Their battle wouldn't be able to destroy any of the buildings here!

"Foolish! Five days ago, we were able to easily crush you. Today, it's the same!"

He Ziwen waved his arm and the formation compass appeared in his hand!