Chapter 2290: 2290 students will be dealt with by the students. Those who interfere will die! 3

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

Waves of energy rose. Huang Jiajia's three wisps of Divine Fire's strength completely erupted!

On the side, two wisps of Divine Fire's Yu Bingbing and Xiao Lan also instantly erupted!

Their two opponents were also two wisps of divine fire!

"Let them know how powerful our class 4 is. Brother Wen, you can do it!"

"Let this group of girls know how powerful we are, Haha!"

The people from class 4 were shouting excitedly from behind!

They knew the strength of Class 1. Although Huang Jiajia had broken through, they did not think that he ziwen would lose to a girl who had just broken through!

The battle soon began!

The result was without any suspense. Huang Jiajia and the others now had the strange curse technique. They could not fight against people of the same level at all!

"Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah!"

"What is this, what is This!"

"I admit defeat, I admit defeat!"

Soon, screams came from he Ziwen and the other two. In just a few minutes, their faces were extremely pale, and their faces were ferocious as they begged for mercy!

Strange, miserable, and fresh blood had completely soaked their clothes!

Everyone in class four was stunned, and they looked at this scene with fear! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At this moment, he Ziwen was no less miserable than Cai Qiaoqing. He lay on the ground and screamed in pain. He stared at his own body in Panic!

"No, no, no, I don't want to die. Teacher, save me, save me!"

He raised his bloody head and begged Wang Xian for help!

"Don't worry, none of you will die. As for the treatment, it's up to you guys. Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

Treating them? What a joke! Back then, Yu Bingbing was seriously injured. Yet, all of you didn't care about her at all!

"Let's go to Class 7!"

Wang Xian said faintly. He turned around and walked towards Class 7!

"HMPH, serves you right!"

"You dare to bully us. Now, you know what will happen to you!"

Now, the group of girls didn't feel sorry for them at all. They were so arrogant just now. Why didn't they continue to be so arrogant now?

The group of girls turned around and left in disdain, leaving behind everyone in class four who had terrified expressions!

What kind of formation did they use?

How could it be so strange and terrifying?

One by one, the young men and women looked at the three people who were wailing on the ground with pale faces and hurriedly notified the teacher!

Their expressions were as if they were about to die!

The teacher of class four quickly received news of the students. He wasn't far from here and immediately flew over!

When he saw the miserable state of the three most outstanding students in his class, his expression changed slightly!

"What a cruel and bloody method!"

As he examined their bodies, the old man's expression turned gloomy!

"The students of Class 7 are Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan. Although they didn't make a move that day, they were so arrogant that they made our class attack together!"

"Both of them possess the strength of three wisps of divine fire. It seems that both of them have some relationship with their teacher. That's why they are able to be in the same class!"

When they arrived at the entrance of Class 7, Situ Yan said to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and shook his head nonchalantly!

"With your and Huang Jiajia's strength, it's enough!"

He said indifferently!

"Alright!"

Situ Yan nodded. With a wave of her arm, a surge of energy landed on the door!

In the room, a middle-aged man was sitting in front of a table, explaining his knowledge to the students!

Hearing the knocking on the door, he frowned slightly!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

"Five days ago, Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan humiliated class one. Today, class one is here to teach us a lesson!"

At this moment, Situ Yan's voice entered the room!

"En?"

"Class one, are these girls courting death? How dare they come here to provoke us!"

The students of class seven were listening to their teacher teach them the array formation. When they heard the voices outside, an impatient look appeared on their faces!

"Are you courting death? Teacher Niu, I want them to scram immediately!"

Zhao Yuanfeng's face was slightly embarrassed. He immediately stood up and said to the middle-aged teacher in front of him!

"Sit down!"

The middle-aged teacher said to him, but there wasn't the slightest fluctuation on his face!

"During the lesson, immediately leave the range of class seven!"

He lightly shouted, and a wave of pressure was released towards the outside!

Outside the door, Situ Yan and the rest heard this voice and felt the pressure from it. Their expressions changed slightly!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. The Aura from his body was so powerful that it could withstand this pressure!

He waved his arm!

Boom

Following that, the door opened with a loud bang!

Seeing Wang Xian opening the door, the girls were slightly stunned. Their faces revealed astonishment!

In class 7, teacher Niu and all the students were also slightly shocked. All the students stood up in an instant. Their faces were filled with anger!

"Sorry to disturb you. Five days ago, our students were bullied by you. This time, we are here to spar!"

Wang Xian's voice traveled over slowly!

"It's the teacher from Class 1!"

"He actually came personally!"

All the students from class seven were slightly shocked!

"Teacher Wang, I'm teaching!"

Teacher Niu's face darkened when he saw Wang Xian pushing the door open. He said coldly with some displeasure!

"That's why I said I'm sorry to disturb you. I'm also very busy. However, five days ago, the students were bullied by the students from three classes. I happen to have the time today to bring them here for a Spar!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man and said nonchalantly!

Although he said that he was disturbing them, it didn't seem like he was disturbing them at all!

"Spar?"

When teacher Niu saw Wang Xian's attitude, he stood up with a cold expression!

He looked at the students behind Wang Xian and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Teacher Wang, your punches and kicks are blind. It wouldn't be good if you hurt your students!"

He said coldly!

"It's fine. Anyway, there were students who were seriously injured five days ago. It would be their incompetence if they were seriously injured again!"

Wang Xian shook his head nonchalantly!

"Alright, Alright. Since we are going to spar, you guys can spar with the students of class one!"

Teacher Niu laughed coldly and looked at Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan!

"Go and guide teacher Wang's students!"

"Yes, teacher. Don't worry, we will help teacher Wang educate them!"

Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan felt their teacher's anger and smiled!

They turned around and looked at Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and the others with disdain in their eyes!

"Last time, we didn't make a move. Do you feel uncomfortable because we didn't torture you?"

Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan walked forward with smiles on their faces as they asked with a cold smile!

"If you can beat US now, you can think so too!"

Huang Jiajia and Situ Yan walked forward with cold eyes!

"Punches and kicks have no eyes. Teacher Wang is very clear about the rules of the academy, Right?"

Teacher Niu looked at Wang Xian and said again!

"You've already said it once. There's no need to repeat it again!"

Wang Xian looked at him and replied!

"Hehe, you're a new teacher. As a senior, I naturally have to remind you a few more words!"

Elder NIU said with a smile!

He was extremely displeased with Wang Xian's direct breach of the door. This was completely ignoring him and disrespecting him. Since that was the case, there was no need to stand on ceremony!

He repeated it repeatedly to remind his students to hit harder!