Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2291: 2291 students settle student affairs. Those who interfere will die! 4

"Let them crawl out today!"

In class 7, Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan looked at each other and said indifferently!

Their faces were full of confidence!

"Last time, our brother Feng and brother Yuan didn't even make a move. Today, they insist on asking for a beating. They really don't know death!"

"HMPH, they dare to disturb our teacher's class and disturb us. Brother Feng and brother Yuan, teach them a lesson!"

The students of Class 7 also noticed their teacher's dissatisfaction and shouted loudly!

"Today, we will definitely repay the humiliation of that day tenfold!"

Huang Jiajia and Situ Yan's expressions were incomparably cold. They slowly walked forward and locked their gazes on them!

Boom! Boom

Their auras exploded, causing the two people opposite to them to be slightly stunned!

"HMM? You guys actually broke through. No wonder you dare to come and find trouble with us!"

Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan slightly narrowed their eyes and their expressions were filled with coldness!

"However, you guys already dare to come and find trouble with US after just breaking through. Today, I'll let you guys see how powerful we are!"

The two of them shouted with cold faces, and their auras also erupted!

Boom! Boom

The battle erupted!

Situ Yan versus Zhao Yuanfeng!

Huang Jiajia versus Niu Feiyuan!

While the two of them were fighting, a woman stood in front of Cai Qiaoqing who was lying on the ground!

"Daughter, you... Who Did This? Who Did This?"

The woman looked at her daughter's miserable state, and her eyes shone with a crazy killing intent. A terrifying aura erupted in the surroundings!

The students in the surroundings felt this aura, and their faces were filled with fear!

This was Cai Qiaoqing's mother, an eternal god Lord Level Powerhouse!

And her strength was not an ordinary eternal god Lord!

As the woman spoke, she immediately transferred the energy into her daughter's body. At the same time, she took out medicinal pills and placed them inside!

"So Ruthless!"

Feeling her daughter's body, the woman's expression became even more sinister!

"Daughter, who did it?"

The woman's expression was incomparably cold as she asked once again!

"Mother, it's someone from class one, it's class one's Situ Yan!"

Cai Qiaoqing saw her mother coming over and couldn't help but shed tears as she spoke with a ferocious expression!

"Auntie, the teacher from class one brought a class of students over just now. It was Situ Yan from class one who heavily injured her. They're too cruel!"

A girl beside her also spoke to the woman!

The woman's breathing was a little heavy and her eyes were filled with a cold glint!

"Let's go, I'll bring you to get an explanation!"

The woman's body was filled with a dense murderous aura. She supported her daughter as they walked out! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The students of class two hesitated for a moment before hurriedly following behind!

...

"What kind of array formation is this? How can it be so strange? No, it's a curse array formation, it's A Curse Array Formation!"

At class seven, the battle had already begun for a minute. Teacher Niu stared at Huang Jiajia and Situ Yan with a face full of astonishment!

At this moment, their surroundings were shrouded in darkness. A strange array formation was attacking Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan!

Both of them were not weak, but when the strange array formation landed on their bodies, their expressions changed drastically!

"Crack Crack Crack!"

Blood oozed out of their bodies, their bones began to bend, and their faces were extremely ferocious!

"Ah Ah, what kind of array formation is this?"

Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan's expressions also changed drastically. The intense pain caused their faces to twist!

"Weng Weng Weng!"

At this moment, the curses from the two of them fell toward them once again!

When the curse array fell into their bodies, the two of them directly fell to the ground!

"Ah!"

Painful screams came out of the mouths of the two of them. All the surrounding students looked at this scene in shock!

"Stop!"

Teacher Niu, who was originally prepared to watch his students teach their opponents a good lesson, had a drastic change in expression at this moment. He immediately shouted loudly!

"Teacher, please don't interfere in the sparring between students!"

Wang Xian heard his voice and said indifferently!

"Admit defeat, admit defeat!"

Teacher Niu moved his body and was about to fly towards Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan!

"What a joke. If the others can admit defeat on behalf of others, then there's no need for us to spar in the Academy!"

Wang Xian did not give him any face. With a wave of his arm, palm after palm appeared on the ground and grabbed onto teacher Niu's legs!

"Huh?"

When teacher Niu saw that Wang Xian was actually attacking him, his expression changed drastically. He stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"Don't you understand the rules? Senior? Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled at him with a face full of mockery!

Just now, he was still talking about the rules. He even said that he was a senior and needed to remind him a little more. Now...

"You..."

Teacher NIU's expression changed drastically!

All the students around were shocked as they watched the two teachers'game!

However, all the students in Class 7 looked extremely embarrassed!

Even the teachers were embarrassed when they were attacked!

"We admit defeat! We admit defeat!"

At this moment, Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan, who were lying on the ground with pained expressions on their faces, shouted in pain!

"HMPH, weren't you arrogant just now and told us to crawl away? Why are you admitting defeat now? Trash!"

Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia, and Niu Feiyuan looked at them with mockery on their faces!

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"Teacher, save us!"

However, at this moment, the two of them did not hear what they were saying at all. Their faces were filled with pain and fear as they begged teacher Niu for help!

This strange formation made them completely afraid!

When teacher Niu heard their cries for help, his expression changed again. He walked over with a gloomy face!

He took out some pills and injected a large amount of energy into their bodies!

"As expected of the curse formation. It's so sinister and strange!"

Sensing the injuries on their bodies, teacher Niu raised his head and stared at Wang Xian as he said coldly!

With their injuries, if they wanted to recover on their own, it would take them more than ten years or even dozens of years to do so!

In fact, if they didn't have any medicinal pills, there might be side effects!

This was the power of the curse formation!

"The students are being bullied. Teach them some battle techniques!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said calmly!

"Let's Go!"

He turned around and said to the students!

The girls nodded immediately and smiled!

"Who hurt my daughter? Show Yourself!"

At this moment, an extremely cold voice was heard. It was accompanied by a terrifying pressure!

Everyone was slightly shocked. Under this terrifying pressure, the students'bodies froze and their faces turned extremely pale!

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. He waved his arm to block this pressure!

Buzz

At this moment, a woman supported a woman and landed in front of them!

The woman was naturally Cai Qiaoqing. Although she had undergone treatment, she could still see the miserable state of her body!

Her entire face was incomparably pale, and her eyes were filled with icy rage!

Behind her, a group of students from class two ran over!

"Un?"

Seeing this scene, teacher Niu frowned slightly!

"Mom, it's her. It's her who injured me. It's her!"

Cai Qiaoqing's voice suddenly sounded. With a savage expression, she pointed at Situ Yan and screamed!