Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2292: 2292 killed everyone in a domineering manner

Cai Qiaoqing pointed her finger at Situ Yan. Her scream was a little ear-piercing!

Situ Yan's face changed when she was pointed at. She looked even paler. She looked at her teacher in fear!

"You are the one who hurt my daughter. You are so vicious at such a young age!"

Before everyone could speak, the woman stared at Situ Yan and questioned her coldly!

Situ Yan opened her mouth. Wang Xian waved his hand and asked her not to speak!

"Who are you?"

He narrowed his eyes slightly and stared at the woman as he asked indifferently!

"I am Cai Qiaoqing's mother. My daughter was tortured so miserably. I want to ask, are all of you so ruthless?"

The woman looked at Wang Xian and asked with a cold expression!

"Mother, he is the teacher of class one!"

Cai Qiaoqing whispered to her mother at the side!

"The teacher of the Academy? The teacher of the academy led his students here to bully other students. How can he be so cruel?"

The woman's face turned even colder when she heard her daughter's words. She stared at Wang Xian and questioned him!

Her valiant aura was fully displayed!

"Is she a teacher from the Xuantian Academy?"

Wang Xian ignored the woman's gaze and turned his head to look at teacher Niu!

"No!"

Teacher Niu glanced at Wang Xian and replied indifferently!

Upon seeing this scene, he was actually feeling better!

"Your student's methods are indeed a little cruel!"

In the end, he couldn't help but comment indifferently!

This curse technique was indeed extremely terrifying, cruel, and bloody!

"Hehe, five days ago when your students came to humiliate my students, it was fine. Now that I've defeated you, it's not allowed?"

Wang Xian spoke to elder Niu with some disdain as he looked at the woman slowly!

"If you're not a teacher of the academy, how dare you be so arrogant here?"

"Do you understand the rules of the Academy? Students are allowed to settle their own matters. Even teachers are not allowed to interfere, let alone your parents?"

He said coldly to the Woman!

Boom

When the woman heard Wang Xian's words, her face was filled with anger. A terrifying aura erupted from her body!

"Even if we can't interfere, your students have gone too far. You must give my daughter an explanation for this matter!"

She stared at Wang Xian coldly!

How could she be willing to give up when her daughter was in such a miserable state? She must give her an explanation!

"Why didn't you say anything when your daughter was humiliating others?"

Wang Xian stared at the woman and said coldly!

"I... I was merely sparring with them, but you guys..."

Cai Qiaoqing said angrily when she heard Wang Xian's words!

"Hehe, I'll settle my student's matter. Since someone has interfered, I'll die!"

A hint of brutality flashed across Wang Xian's eyes when he saw their actions!

Buzz

He waved his arm and the five elements millstone appeared in his hand instantly!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The next moment, the entire world underwent a terrifying transformation. The formations set up by the surrounding academies emitted cracking sounds!

The entire space underwent a terrifying transformation in an instant!

A black hole. A terrifying black hole surrounded the surroundings!

Roar! Roar! Roar

At this moment, the Divine Dragon on the Five Elements Millstone let out a roar and the formation set up on it was activated immediately!

A chain that looked like a water snake attacked the woman directly!

"What!"

The sudden change caused everyone's expression to change drastically!

Teacher Niu widened his eyes as he scanned his surroundings with a face full of astonishment. He then swept his gaze across Wang Xian!

He actually dared to make a move right here. Furthermore, looking at his violent killing intent, it was definitely not as simple as making a move!

"All students, come behind me!"

An embarrassed look appeared on his face as he shouted at his students!

"Teacher Wang, what are you doing?"

Sensing the terrifying energy around him, he could not help but shout at Wang Xian!

He had mastered five laws and was not a weak powerhouse. However, he had never made a move in the academy before!

He did not dare to be so unbridled!

"You... What are you going to do? Do you really think that we are easy to bully?"

The woman's expression changed drastically when she saw Wang Xian making a move. She immediately shielded her daughter behind her and unleashed the strength of an eternal celestial master level four!

Her strength was slightly weaker than Wang Xian and teacher Niu!

"With such strength, you dare to be so arrogant in the Xuantian Academy? You also dare to act Rashly? Then, you shall stay here forever!"

Wang Xian revealed a cold expression. It was obvious that such a person was not a good person!

The heart of light and darkness could also sense a person's good and bad qualities!

With such strength, he still dared to be arrogant towards him. If he dared to be unbridled in front of his students, then he would kill him!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

The water snake formed by the formation attacked her directly!

At the same time, Wang Xian waved his arm and continued to set up the formation. Numerous blood-red chains appeared in the void. The blood-red chains revealed a bloodthirst that caused one to be in a trance!

"You... you..."

When the woman saw his undisguised killing intent, golden rays shot out from her body and slashed at the water snake in front of Wang Xian!

However, when her attack landed on the water snake, her expression changed drastically!

She was not his opponent!

"Are you going to kill me?"

The woman's expression was extremely ugly as she shouted at Wang Xian!

"Hualala!"

In the next moment, the blood-red chains attacked the Woman!

The huge gap made it impossible for him to withstand the attacks of the water snake and the blood-red chains!

"Pu Pu Pu!"

When she was unable to dodge in time, the chains penetrated her body and wrapped around her body!

"Ahhhh!"

The woman let out a shrill roar as her eyes revealed a look of extreme fear!

This young teacher really dared to kill her!

"Flee!"

Fear appeared in the woman's eyes, and her figure began to turn illusory!

However, at this moment, the surrounding black hole trembled, and an inexplicable suction force made it impossible for her to return to her eternal divine kingdom!

"Not good, what kind of formation is this? No, no, no!"

The woman let out a mournful cry, and her face was filled with Panic!

"What is this?"

Teacher NIU's expression changed drastically as well. He could sense that the woman wanted to escape. However, the black hole around her emitted an inexplicable tearing force, making it impossible for her to escape!

"What kind of formation is this? It's so terrifying to trap the eternal Lord!"

Teacher NIU's expression changed drastically as well. His eyes were filled with fear!

Crash

At this moment, the blood-red chains penetrated the woman's body and pulled her towards Wang Xian!

"No, no, don't kill me! Don't kill me!" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The woman was completely terrified at this moment. She shouted at Wang Xian with a face full of fear!

At the back, Cai Qiaoqing and all the students from class two were completely dumbfounded!

They never expected that the teacher from class one would be so violent and vicious!

He was actually going to kill Cai Qiaoqing's mother!

Furthermore, the other party's mother was completely helpless!

"No, no, mother!"

At this moment, the arrogant and arrogant Cai Qiaoqing also panicked and shouted loudly!