Chapter 2293: 2293 was in the midst of the horror of killing everyone

"Hualala!"

In the empty space of the black hole, a blood-red chain rang!

The woman widened her eyes and looked at Wang Xian with a face full of panic. Her body was trembling non-stop!

At the back, Cai Qiaoqing's face was filled with fear. She was shouting loudly for her mother!

All the students in class two shuddered and were trembling!

"Bang!"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and grabbed the woman's neck. There was a hint of a smile in his eyes!

Metal attribute!

"Cough Cough, don't kill me, don't kill me. If you kill me, you have also violated the laws of the Tianze continent!"

The woman trembled as she saw Wang Xian grabbing her neck!

"Intruding into the Xuantian Academy and using the might of the eternal lord to suppress the students, you deserve to die!"

Wang Xian stared at the woman coldly and said with a grim expression!

"So, you, go to Hell!"

Wang Xian's mind stirred. "Soul Catcher!"

When the soul catcher was activated, the woman's face instantly became absent-minded. There was even a hint of fear and despair on her face!

Buzz

Very soon, Wang Xian withdrew the soul catcher. A terrifying pressure was transmitted into her mind!

"Summon Your Eternal Kingdom!"

He shouted softly and transmitted it into the woman's mind!

The woman, whose face was lifeless and her eyes were pale, opened her mouth slightly. Behind her, an eternal kingdom slowly appeared in the sky!

However, the black hole was a little small. This space could not contain her eternal kingdom at all!

Wang Xian moved his body and the Phantom image of the Dragon Palace appeared behind him. He pulled the eternal kingdom into the Dragon Palace!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

At the same time, the woman disconnected from her eternal kingdom. Blood kept spurting out of her mouth and her eyes regained a trace of color!

However, this trace of color was more of despair!

"No, no, don't kill my mother, sob, sob!"

At this moment, Cai Qiaoqing, who was at the side, had a complete breakdown. Her eyes were bloodshot as she kept shouting at Wang Xian!

"Don't kill my mother. It's Shangguan Zhehan or Shi Zhengyang. They are the ones who came looking for us to cause trouble for your student. It's all them. Don't kill my mother!"

"Wu Wu, it's all them. No, no, teacher!"

She sat on the ground with a horrified expression and begged Wang Xian for mercy!

Wang Xian's hand movements paused slightly. Shangguan Zhehan? Shi Zhengyang?

"Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang? Aren't they the heaven's Order Disciples of the Beast Tamer Institute? They are also famous in our institute!"

"They were the ones who instructed Cai Qiaoqing and the rest to do it. This..."

Everyone around was slightly stunned when they heard Cai Qiaoqing's words. They were filled with astonishment!

Their actions five days ago were actually instigated by the two heaven's favorites of the Beast Tamer Institute?

Why?

This made some students think of the rumors about teacher Wang on the AI recently, and some people had some understanding!

So someone was behind it on purpose!

But looking at the powerful and terrifying teacher Wang in front of them, they could imagine that Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang were probably going to be in trouble!

Perhaps, they were going to be killed!

So what if they were killed for slandering an eternal god Lord level powerhouse in secret?

Even if he couldn't make a move on the surface, it would be easy to kill them in the dark!

"You're courting death!"

Wang Xian shouted coldly. His palm landed on the woman's head and threw her into the Dragon Palace before disappearing instantly!

"No!"

Cai Qiaoqing screamed in despair when she saw this scene!

Her mother was an eternal lord-level powerhouse. Her mother doted on her very much!

It was also because of her mother that she had developed such an arrogant and despotic personality. She did not put anyone in her eyes!

In fact, five days ago, if not for someone beside her reminding her, she would have struck even more ruthlessly!

But now, her mother had been killed directly from behind!

She did not even run away!

This...

When all the students in Class 2 saw this scene, their bodies trembled, and their eyes were filled with fear!

An expert who was almost on par with their teacher was killed by the teacher of Class 1. He was killed right in front of them!

This was too terrifying!

When teacher Niu saw this scene, his heart pounded violently!

He could sense that Wang Xian's strength was about the same as his. However, this strange space could actually prevent the eternal lord from escaping. He couldn't do such a formation!

The reason why the eternal lord was so difficult to kill was that they could escape in an instant!

However, if they encountered Wang Xian, they would really die!

Even he didn't dare to fight against such a person!

In particular, the other party was too unbridled. They actually dared to kill that woman!

Even if what happened today was the woman's fault, killing her would be too serious!

If they were to really bicker, he would have to pay a heavy price!

When he heard Cai Qiaoqing's words, his expression turned ugly as well!

"Is what she said true?"

Teacher Niu stared at Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan with a dark expression as he asked in a low voice! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Teacher... we... We..."

At this moment, the two of them had just been released from the array curse. When they saw this scene, they almost cried!

If they had known that teacher Wang was so terrifying and so unbridled, they wouldn't have dared to do such a thing no matter how much benefits he gave them!

Even an eternal lord-level expert had been killed. If the other party wanted to deal with them, they wouldn't even know how they died!

Although the laws of the Tianze continent were perfect, an expert trying to assassinate a weakling was completely undetectable!

"You're courting death. For the sake of two students, you actually dared to provoke an eternal Lord!"

When elder Niu saw their expressions, he revealed an extremely furious expression!

How could an eternal lord-level expert be so easily provoked?

Even if you were a student of the Xuantian Academy, the other party would still dare to kill you in secret!

Especially since this Wang Xian knew how to curse the formation. If he were to kill them, it would be too easy. No one would be able to find any evidence!

"In a while, kneel down and beg teacher Wang for forgiveness. Tell him everything!"

Elder NIU looked at the two reckless fellows and his face turned black!

If they were not the sons of his relatives and friends, he would not care about the two fellows who were courting death!

"Yes, yes!"

"Yes, teacher!"

At this moment, they knew what to do even without teacher Niu's instructions!

The other party had killed an eternal lord without any restraint!

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, the surrounding formation suddenly let out the sound of collapsing!

Wang Xian raised his head and saw someone attacking the formation outside. He waved his arm!

Buzz

With a wave of his arm, he withdrew the formation!

The moment the formation withdrew, the surrounding sounds of the world wailing could be heard!

"Eh?"

Outside, more than ten teachers saw the formation retreating and sensed the changes in the world. Their expressions changed drastically!

"The Master of God has fallen. What happened? !"

An old man roared in anger. His face was filled with vigilance!

The formation disappeared. Their eyes were fixed on the area below and swept across everyone!

"Teachers, there is an expert who broke into the Xuantian Academy. He has been killed by me!"

Wang Xian saw more than a dozen teachers outside. Some were strong and some were weak. He spoke nonchalantly!