Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2294: 2294 killed everyone in a terrifying manner

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The mournful cries of heaven and earth resounded in the sky above Xuantian Academy!

This time, all the students and teachers raised their heads in shock. Their faces were filled with shock!

The mournful cries of heaven and earth represented the fall of an eternal God Lord Level Expert!

How could such an expert fall in Xuantian Academy!

Could it be an eternal lord-level powerhouse who had passed away?

Some teachers flew over quickly!

In front of Class 7, more than a dozen teachers looked at Wang Xian in astonishment!

His calm voice caused everyone to be stunned!

"An powerhouse has barged into the Xuantian Academy?"

The teachers frowned slightly and showed a stunned expression!

Which expert dared to barge into the Xuantian Academy? This was simply courting death!

In the entire Xuantian Domain, the safest place was the Xuantian Academy. Barging in here was no different from courting death!

No one dared to do it!

"Teachers, you have to uphold justice for your students. He killed my mother, he killed my mother!"

Right at this moment, an incomparably mournful voice came out from Cai Qiaoqing's mouth. She knelt on the ground and roared with a face full of malevolence and despair!

"Huh?"

When the teachers heard her, they were even more stunned. Their eyes were sparkling!

"Your mother is not from the academy. However, because of the sparring between students, you were injured and came here to suppress the students of the Xuantian Academy. You deserve to die!"

Wang Xian stared at Cai Qiaoqing and said coldly!

When the teachers heard their words, their faces were filled with astonishment!

"Teacher Niu, what happened?"

One of the teachers asked teacher Niu who was at the back!

"It's indeed as teacher Wang said. Teacher Wang's students had seriously injured her. Her mother came to interrogate her and was killed by teacher Wang!"

"Although the students'parents can enter the academy directly, her mother's behavior was indeed a little too excessive and arrogant!"

Teacher Niu was silent for a moment before he spoke up!

He was obviously speaking up for Wang Xian!

Now that Cai Qiaoqing's mother was dead and his two students were involved, he could only try to curry favor with Wang Xian so that he wouldn't hold a grudge against them!

"HMPH, the parents of the students actually dared to come to our academy to denounce us. So what if they're dead?"

A seemingly rude teacher harrumphed coldly when he heard his words!

Clearly, in his opinion, he should just kill them!

The other teachers fell silent. It was wrong for outsiders to barge into the Heavenly Academy and act arrogantly, but killing them directly was a little too serious!

"Let the Academy's leaders decide on this matter!"

An elder said softly! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The other teachers also nodded. They couldn't interfere in this matter!

"Teacher Wang, it's our fault. We shouldn't have listened to the bewitchment of Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang. It's Our Fault!"

At this moment, at the back, Zhao Yuanfeng and Niu Feiyuan were kneeling on the ground and begging Wang Xian for mercy!

Wang Xian glanced at them and didn't bother with them!

"I'm going to take care of some matters. Please inform director Jin about this matter!"

Wang Xian spoke to teacher Niu and flew towards the west!

"Director Jin? Alright!"

Teacher Niu was slightly taken aback. He nodded his head and looked at Wang Xian

"How did this involve Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang from the Beast Taming Academy?"

When the teachers saw the sudden situation, they walked over and asked in astonishment!

Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang knew that they were also famous students of Xuantian Academy!

"Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang found a few freshmen and severely injured Wang Laoshi's student. They might have spread bad news about Wang Laoshi!"

"Oh no, he went to the west. Could it be that he is going to kill Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang?"

As teacher Niu spoke, he suddenly raised his voice and a look of shock appeared on his face!

"What?"

The surrounding teachers were taken aback!

"It's hard to say. If he dares to kill an eternal God Lord, he might be able to kill two students!"

Following which, elder Niu frowned and continued speaking with an ugly expression on his face!

"Report this to the directors immediately!"

An elder opened his mouth slightly and hurriedly spoke!

At this moment, more and more teachers rushed over. When they had just understood the situation here, they were also somewhat dumbstruck!

The new teacher of the new student class one had actually killed an eternal lord rank 4 expert, causing him to not even be able to escape!

Such strength was truly terrifying!

Thinking that he might have gone to kill two students now, the other teachers were even more dumbstruck!

This was too unbridled!

The teachers were so shocked, not to mention the students of class one, class two, and class seven. They looked at teacher Wang's disappearing figure with astonishment!

"Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang. They should be the two from the house of Warbeasts!"

Wang Xian flew in the direction of the Beast Tamer School and took out his AI to search!

Both of them were famous people in the Xuantian Academy, so they could easily find out a lot of information!

"HMPH!"

When he thought about how the two of them dared to target him in secret, a murderous intent flashed across his eyes!

He had brought this upon himself!

He came to the sky above the beast taming school and scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes!

Soon, he saw two familiar figures in a huge building in the middle!

Beast Taming Ground, the largest beast taming ground in the Beast Taming Academy!

At this moment, in the center of the Beast Taming Ground, Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang were standing in front of a few sea monsters!

There were many students gathered around them!

The two of them were the center of attention in the mysterious Sky Academy. Wherever they went, there would be people following them!

In particular, the two of them were relatively handsome. There were more than a dozen girls gathered around them!

The two of them were just about to purchase some battle beasts from the academy when the battle at the frontlines caused all of their battle pets to Fall!

"It's a pity that we don't have many divine stones left!"

The two of them looked at the sea monster in front of them and felt a little helpless in their hearts!

The collapse of the Battle Beast House had caused them to have quite a number of meteorites!

"Brother Zhengyang, even if you don't have any more divine stones, you can still purchase battle pets with nine wisps of divine fire. You're not like us, who are too poor!"

A girl pouted and said from the side!

"Hehe, when your beast taming skills improve a little more, you won't be lacking in divine stones!"

Shi Zhengyang smiled faintly. His face was filled with a hint of arrogance!

Clap Clap Clap

Just as they were talking, Wang Xian slowly walked over to them!

He looked at Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang who were in front of him. His eyes were filled with indifference!

"To provoke a powerhouse, you have to pay with your life!"

When Wang Xian was 20 meters away from them, his voice entered their ears!

"Huh?"

The two of them were slightly stunned when they heard this voice. They turned around in astonishment!

The people who were surrounding them also turned around in astonishment!

"It's you..."

When the two of them saw Wang Xian, their expressions changed drastically. A hint of fear flashed in their eyes!

"You brought this upon yourself!"

Wang Xian looked at them. With a wave of his arm, a terrifying energy engulfed them!