Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2295: If 2295 was killed, so be it

"Boom!"

In the Beast Tamer Yard of the Beast Tamer School, a terrifying explosion sounded!

The energy that was filled with destruction landed on the bodies of Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang, instantly exploding!

The gray energy directly caused the two of them to dissipate!

The two people who had been standing there proudly just a moment ago had completely disappeared, not even leaving a trace of ashes behind!

"AH..."

A horrified scream came from the mouths of a few female students around them!

They looked at the position of Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang in astonishment. Their eyes swept across Wang Xian and were filled with fear!

Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang were actually killed. They were actually killed by someone!

"What happened?"

"What happened?"

Some of the surrounding people looked over with doubtful expressions!

The sudden explosion shocked them as well!

Someone actually dared to make a move in the Beast Taming Ground!

"What's going on?"

At this moment, the two teachers in the beast taming ground flew over and looked around with a frown!

Because Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang had disappeared, those who didn't see it didn't know what had happened!

"He... he killed Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang. He killed them!"

A female student pointed at Wang Xian in horror. However, she kept retreating!

"What?"

The two teachers were slightly stunned. Their faces were filled with astonishment!

They looked at Wang Xian and locked onto him with their auras!

"I am a teacher of the academy. The academy will naturally look for me for this matter. I will also explain it to them!"

Wang Xian looked at the two teachers and walked straight out!

"Hiss, he really killed Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang!"

The two teachers were slightly shocked when they heard his words. Their faces were filled with shock!

When they saw Wang Xian leaving, the two of them looked at each other. One of them followed beside Wang Xian while the other immediately informed the experts of the Beast Taming School and the teachers of Shangguan Zhehan, Shi Zhengyang and the rest!

Boom

At this moment, everyone in the entire beast taming ground was shocked!

"Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang were actually killed by a teacher. What kind of hatred do they have? !"

"I saw it just now. They were killed instantly. Both of them didn't even have any ashes!"

"Hiss, this is too terrifying. Why did that teacher kill Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang directly? !"

Shocked voices rang out in the beast taming ground. Everyone's eyes widened as they discussed in disbelief!

A teacher killing a student. This was the first time this had happened in the Xuantian Academy!

Even if a student had committed a huge mistake, there would still be law enforcement to deal with it. Now that they were killed on the spot, not even ashes were left. It could be said that they were extremely ferocious!

This matter was spreading within the Xuantian Academy at a terrifying speed. It was spreading on the AI!

At the same time, Shangguan Zhehan's teacher was also his master, Shi Zhengyang's grandfather, elder Shi, soon received the news that they had been killed!

When they heard about this matter, they were completely stunned and immediately flew towards the Academy!

At the same time, the principal of the Beast Taming Academy, an expert at the pinnacle of the Eternal Divine Lord Realm, and several directors of the Beast Taming Academy also received the News!

The two heaven's favorites of the Beast Taming School were killed. This was a major event for the entire Xuantian Academy!

The higher-ups of the beast taming school immediately flew toward the array yard. The teachers of the other schools also came over with some curiosity!

At this moment, director Jin also received the news. When she learned that Wang Xian had killed the parents of a student and two heaven's favorites of the Beast Taming School, she was also stunned!

"This..."

Looking at this news, she felt that it was extremely troublesome! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wang Xian was personally arranged by the dean. How could he be an ordinary person if the dean was able to arrange it personally?

Although Wang Xian didn't deserve to die for his crimes, he had violated the rules of the Xuantian Academy and was going to be severely punished!

"Let's ask the Dean!"

Dean Jin mumbled and immediately sent a message to the dean!

Boom

"Dean Jin, What's Going On? Your teacher of the formation court forcefully killed a prodigy of our academy. Why haven't you suppressed him yet?"

At this moment, the door opened with a loud bang, and three figures rushed in furiously!

Two Old Men and a demonic beast were filled with rage!

"Vice principal Qing, Dean Hua, brother Yao, I know about this matter. I am waiting for the principal's reply!"

Seeing that they had all entered the room, department head Jin rubbed his eyebrows and stood up with a bitter expression on his face!

"Waiting for the principal's reply? Do you really need the principal's reply for such a small matter? It isn't good for a teacher to kill his students by force. Thus, we should just imprison him and..."

Weng

As the old man in the center spoke, a terrifying energy suddenly gushed out from the room!

Department Head Jin's expression changed slightly. He hurriedly bowed respectfully!

The other people's pupils also slightly contracted, and they stood there respectfully!

"Kill him then!"

Before the energy condensed into a human figure, just a sound was heard, and it immediately disappeared!

However, the few experts from the Beast Tamer School were slightly stunned, their faces filled with astonishment!

Their headmaster had always been fair and impartial, even if it was his own descendant who had made a mistake, he was still the same as the commoners, and now...

They looked at director Jin in astonishment. Director Jin had told the principal in advance that he might know some things!

"I don't know much either, but that teacher Wang was personally arranged by the principal!"

Director Jin opened his mouth and said to them!

"Personally arranged by the principal? A few days ago, the guards came to inform us that a young man had come to the academy, and the principal had personally come to receive him. This..."

Vice Principal Qing widened his eyes, and a glint flashed in them!

"Let's end this matter here. Cai Qiaoqing's mother came to cause trouble, and she was executed on the spot!"

"Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang have been secretly disrespectful to the academy's teachers, and they have offended the experts. If you want to kill them, so be it!"

"As for the two teachers and their families, you can handle them!"

Director Jin looked at them and said solemnly!

"Alright!"

Everyone nodded without the slightest objection!

Since the principal had spoken, even if that Wang Laoshi killed them for no reason, he would still be innocent!

The words of the principal were above everything in the mysterious Sky Domain!

"Vice principal, director, how should we deal with the matter of Wang Laoshi killing Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang? Vice Principal, we can't let such a teacher off so easily. Such an influence..."

"Enough!"

The few of them walked out of the room. Shangguan Zhehan Laoshi, who was waiting outside, growled with a gloomy face. However, before he could speak, he was interrupted by Vice Principal Qing!

"Two weaklings actually dare to play tricks on the experts behind their backs. If they die, so be it. This matter will end here!"

"If anyone dares to deal with that Wang Laoshi secretly, don't blame our Xuantian Academy for being impolite. All of you should go back and tell their families that they deserve to die!"

Vice Principal Qing spoke to them sternly!

The teachers outside were slightly shocked and their faces were filled with shock!