Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2296: 2296 exploding AI

The new student teacher forcefully killed the arrogant parents of the students who had entered the Academy!

Forcefully killed two students who had provoked him behind his back!

Two pieces of news quickly spread throughout the entire Xuantian Academy. All the students were stunned when they saw this news!

Some people said that the killing was good and that the prestige of the Xuantian Academy and the experts were inviolable!

Some people also said that it was too serious and too excessive!

However, the academy didn't reply or punish that teacher. This caused some students to be extremely shocked!

The teachers and family members of Shangguan Zhehan and Shi Zhengyang who were killed didn't say anything either, as if this matter didn't happen!

Everything was extremely calm. Other than some students discussing such a huge matter, it didn't cause too much of a stir!

Only Some teachers in the academy knew some inside information!

Many people guessed that teacher Wang might have a deep relationship with director Jin. That was why he was not punished this time!

After all, director Jin was a powerhouse at the peak of the eternal lord level and the wife of a powerhouse who was the Dean's descendant. It was still possible to suppress this matter!

After all, it was those people who were arrogant and seeking death!

Wang Xian did not care about killing those three people at all. With the relationship between him and the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, let alone killing three people, even if he killed 30,000 of them, he reckoned that it would not be a big deal!

He had also finished dealing with the students in the class. At this moment, he was staying in the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

The Dragon Palace's pet shop had been open for a few days last month. Today, it was ready to officially open for business. He was going to start selling his pets!

After a rough calculation, he had obtained more than 120 eternal god Lord level war pets from the extreme cold northern region this time. The Ice Drill Croc was the highest level!

Other than the Ice Drill Croc, the most valuable ones were the 99 Northern Howling Sky Wolves. They stood in a row with an imposing manner that shook the sky!

Other than these, there was one eternal God Lord Level 4 war pet, three level 3 war pets, and more than a dozen level 1 war pets!

These were all worth a lot!

Of course, the value of the entire pack of ICE Wolves was not low either. 3,521 ice wolves were comparable to dozens of level one eternal lord warpets!

If all of these were sold, putting everything aside, it would be enough for Wang Xian to advance to level two eternal lord warpets!

"There are a little too many warpets this time. It's still too early to sell them one by one. Let's see if there are any big buyers who can buy up to a thousand of them in one go!"

Wang Xian mumbled. He couldn't stay here to sell his pets. It was too much of a waste of time!

"Let's post some information on the AI!"

Wang Xian opened the AI and posted the information on the shop of the Dragon Palace's war pets. They were selling the ice wolf which was at the peak of the godly state and the war pet which was the main war pet of the Eternal Godly State!

After posting the information, Wang Xian sent the information to the girls who were descendants of Xuan Tian one by one!

At that time, the main reason for adding their artificial intelligence was to let them buy war pets!

"The last time, a middle-aged man who mastered seven to eight laws wanted to buy a war pet, let him know as well!"

Wang Xian thought to himself and sent out the information one by one!

After sending out the information, Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and took a look at some of the information!

Now that they were in the Tianze continent, it was necessary to have some basic information!

"Eh!"

When Wang Xian saw the trending topics recently, he was stunned!

One of the trending topics was the Invincible Heaven's pride in the land of battle techniques, a man and a beast guarding a city, and the ice drill alligator, a level five battle pet of the Eternal Celestial Master!

He opened the video and saw the scene that happened in Tianbei Haicheng!

"This guy!"

Wang Xian looked at such a clear video and some text descriptions. The corner of his mouth twitched!

At that time, he was curious about what this guy was filming for. It turned out that he was using it to show off!

However, this video did attract the attention of the entire natural selection continent!

Not to mention the attention of the invincible battle technique itself, just the attention of the ice drill crocodile mount was enough to attract everyone!

"How boring!"

Wang Xian shook his head. Looking at the replies below, the corner of his mouth twitched!

The comments below that wanted to give birth to a monkey for him and marry him actually amounted to tens of millions!

There was even a fan club for the invincible battle technique. What the F * ck!

This fellow was even more famous than a celebrity!

"What is this?"

Suddenly, Wang Xian's eyes lit up. Looking at the topic that was trending below, his eyes sparkled!

"The roar of a Thousand Wolves, the roar of three to four thousand ice-breaking wolves, terrorizing millions of sea monsters!"

Wang Xian opened the video. The video was also shot by the invincible combat techniques. It was obviously an unintentional scene!

Three to four thousand ice-breaking wolves stood on the wall of ten thousand miles and let out a roar. It was obvious that millions of sea monsters were stunned!

Such an imposing scene attracted the attention of many people!

It seemed like their blood was boiling!

As for the comments below, some people guessed that it was a battle Pet Tamed by a powerful Beast Tamer in the land of battle techniques!

Some people were envious and wished that this battle pet was their own!

A mount was the love of all the powerhouses, just like how ordinary people loved Supercars!

"I didn't expect this ice wolf pack to become famous. Is it easier to attack?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows as his eyes sparkled. He could use the ice wolves to promote his Dragon Palace's pet shop!

If he could get the entire natural selection continent to pay attention to the Dragon Palace's pet shop, it would be much more convenient as long as he had a pet and could sell it instantly in the future!

As he thought to himself, he took out his AI and sent a message to invincible in combat arts!

This fellow was so famous in the Tianze continent. Wouldn't it be better to ask him to help with the publicity!

At the thought of this, a smile appeared on Wang Xian's face!

"D * mn, that pack of Ice Wolves is really popular now. D * mn, if I had known earlier, I would have snatched some ice wolves even if I wanted to. With thousands of ice wolves following behind me, it's simply too cool!"

"HMM? Wang Xian sent me a message. He is definitely here to collect my debt. HMPH, HMPH. He wants me to pay back the money that I, invincible of battle techniques, owe with my abilities? No Way!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At this moment, invincible of battle techniques was looking at the AI leisurely in an extremely luxurious high-tech Villa!

When he saw the message sent by Wang Xian, the corner of his mouth twitched. He didn't even take a look at it!

"D * MN You, you idiot. You actually didn't reply to my message. Alright, just you wait!"

Wang Xian waited for more than ten minutes and realized that there was no reply. His face was dark!

However, at this moment, there were many people looking for him in Wang Xian's brain!

Some of them were customers who had bought his battle pet before. There were also some powerhouses who didn't manage to buy his battle pet last time!

At this moment, when they saw his message, they immediately came forward to inquire!

Wang Xian immediately replied to them one by one!

At this moment, a group of unmarried girls from the descendants of Xuan Tian also saw his message!

Some of the girls vomited blood when they saw that he was actually trying to sell them his pets!

It seemed like the last time he left his contact information, he wanted them to buy his items?