Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2297: 2297 was furious

"There's something wrong with that Wang Xian's brain. He just sent me a message asking me if I want to buy a pet. This fellow, I'm as pretty as a flower and he didn't want to chat with me. Now, he's asking me if I want to buy a war pet!"

"I've also received his message. He even said that there are a lot of war pets for the Eternal God Lord. Is this fellow trying to trick us?"

"It's possible. Sisters, please pay attention. If there's any situation, report it immediately!"

In the group chat of the female students of the descendants of Xuan Tian who were currently unmarried, a group of female students received Wang Xian's message!

When they saw the message, the corners of their mouths twitched. They scolded Wang Xian for being blind!

Instantly, the entire group chat was bustling with activity. No female students replied to Wang Xian's message!

"The middle-aged powerhouse who came last time and mastered seven to eight laws didn't reply either. What are they really doing?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the Dragon Palace's pet shop, revealed a helpless expression!

There were a few people who contacted him just now, but they didn't buy any!

Even if they did, they would only buy one. He had too many battle pets in his hands!

"Should I advertise?"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

He could advertise in the AI. As long as he had the money, he could spread the word across the entire natural selection continent!

Furthermore, if he was willing to spend a lot of money, the AI would even automatically pop up an once he opened the AI. It was really awesome!

"Advertise. If the Dragon Palace's war pet becomes popular this time, there's no need to go through so much trouble next time!"

"War pets are precious after all. It's not something that can be bought just because you want to!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. He decided to advertise a wave of s. Furthermore, it would be a big !

He gritted his teeth and thought for a while. Then, he turned on his AI and began to edit a video!

This video was naturally the popular thousand wolves roar video!

Currently, the popularity of this video was very high. It was estimated that there were over a hundred billion people in the entire Tianze continent who had seen this video!

The comments below were all about the yearning and desire for battle pets!

Taking advantage of the popularity of this , it was still possible!

Wang Xian used his brain to edit it!

Title: 3,521 ice-breaking wolf roars. The ice-drilling crocodile mount under the invincible battle technique came from the Dragon Palace's battle pets!

The title was accompanied by a video of a group of ice-breaking wolves roaring. There was also a line of text at the bottom of the video!

It read, "With the strength of that trash who is invincible in battle techniques, it is impossible for him to defend a city alone. The mount he is riding is from the Dragon Palace's pet shop. There are more than 3,000 ice wolves and they are also from the Dragon Palace's pet shop!"!

Currently, the Dragon Palace's pet shop was selling all the ice wolves. They were selling a large number of northern howling celestial wolves and selling the level five sea monster, ice drill crocodile, the Eternal Lord...

With a line of text attached to the video, Wang Xian looked at the price of the promotion!

"Black, this is really black. If I want to promote the entire Tianze continent, the divine stones required can be comparable to a level three pet of an eternal lord. It will be able to increase the number of eternal lords in the Dragon Palace!" Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Wang Xian's face was completely black. However, he still decided to put in a lot of effort!

As long as this promotion was made public, his Dragon Palace's battlefield would definitely be famous across the Tianze continent!

In the future, when he captured and tamed the sea monster, he would only need to post a message to sell it. It would be extremely convenient!

Such a huge promotion was not something that could be done on the AI!

In less than half an hour, a middle-aged man came to the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

The middle-aged man was a staff member of the AI and was specifically responsible for the promotion!

Since Wang Xian was doing such a large-scale promotion, he naturally had to conduct an offline transaction!

"Sir, young master invincible of battle tactics is a Peerless Heaven's favorite in the land of battle tactics. His status is extraordinary. This term of yours, ahem, will anger young master invincible of battle tactics and make the land of battle tactics unhappy!"

After discussing everything, the middle-aged man looked at the that was edited by Wang Xian. He coughed and asked in embarrassment!

"It's alright. If there's anything, you can only come to me!"

Wang Xian waved his hand. If invincible of battle tactics really dared to come to him, he would be happy to do so!

Damn it, he didn't even reply to his messages. The next time he saw him, he would know that the one who owed money was the grandson!

"Alright, as long as you insist on doing so, sir, our AI brain will do the same. We will promote the entire AI brain. The duration of the promotion will be one day and two hours will be given away. In addition, we will also give away some first-class promotions!"

The middle-aged man nodded his head. After discussing some details, he left immediately!

The cost of promoting a promotion at Wang Xian's level was very high. It was not every day that someone would promote it!

Therefore, the middle-aged man reported it to the higher-ups on the AI and carried out the promotion very quickly!

Wang Xian opened the AI and took a look. Immediately, he saw an about the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop in the more eye-catching part of the AI!

The effect of the promotion was very good. In less than ten minutes, Wang Xian saw that the number of views of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop had reached tens of millions. Moreover, it was increasing at an extremely terrifying speed!

Below the Dragon Palace's pet shop, all sorts of information were increasing crazily!

"Is this for real? Those 3,000 ice wolves came from the Dragon Palace's pet shop. Now, the Dragon Palace's pet shop is going to be sold!"

"I'm here to observe the rich people. It's awesome for a pet shop to carry out such a promotion!"

"D * mn, you actually said that your battle techniques are invincible and useless. Shop owner, you're in trouble now. The entire land of battle techniques will not let you off!"

One by one, the restores appeared below!

Especially recently, the popularity of the video of the Thousand Wolves roaring and invincible in terms of battle techniques was extremely high!

Now, such a huge was saying that the invincible in terms of battle techniques was a piece of trash!

It was directly selling more than 3,000 ice wolves and saying that the mount of invincible in terms of battle techniques came from a dragon palace battle pet. This naturally attracted the attention of countless people!

Moreover, this spread at a crazy speed!

Not only because of the promotion of the AI, but also because it involved invincible battle style!

After all, everyone in the Tianze continent knew that invincible battle style was a Peerless Heaven's favorite and was now called trash...

When everyone in the land of battle style saw this news, their faces were filled with shock!

Some were furious, and some cursed!

But more experts were slightly shocked!

All the experts knew that the invincible young master had the ice drill crocodile, a level 5 eternal God Lord Mount!

This ice drill crocodile wasn't given by the Patriarch. When invincible battle technique came back, it was said that he rode the ice drill crocodile to show off to the patriarch and was thrown out!

If it was not given by the patriarch, then it might really be a Dragon Palace War Pet!

No, looking at the promotional video, all the experts were almost sure that the ice breaker wolf and the ice drill crocodile came from the Dragon Palace War Pet!

This made many experts feel excited. If the Dragon Palace War Pet was really introduced, they also had many eternal God Lord War Pets!

How could they not be tempted by such a mount?

If they bought dozens of ice wolf war pets, the warriors of their families would be able to unite their mounts, and their combat power would be greatly increased!

"Whether it's true or not, we must go and take a look!"

"They dared to spend such a great price to promote it. It can't be fake!"

"It says that there are hundreds of eternal god Lord level war pets. If It's true, it's Crazy!"

Many experts in the entire natural selection continent were tempted. Some of them immediately rushed to the mysterious Sky Territory!