Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2298: 2298 was a huge hit

The Dragon Palace Pet Shop was a huge hit!

Selling more than 3,000 ice wolves was enough to attract countless people, not to mention many eternal God Lord Level Pets!

Countless people from the Tianze continent quickly flew to the Heavenly Sea island of the mysterious sky territory through the teleportation formation!

With such a huge promotion and the scarcity of battle pets, everyone could predict that these battle pets would be sold out soon!

First Come, first served!

"You sell pets. Where Is Your War Pet Shop? What's its name?"

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop, Wang Xian looked at the browsing volume on the AI and smiled!

At this moment, a message was suddenly sent. He took a look and it was from a girl from the Xuan Tian descendants!

"Dragon Palace's War Pet on the Tianhai Island!"

Wang Xian replied immediately!

"Do you have the ice wolves at the peak of the godly state here?"

At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly entered the shop and asked Wang Xian!

"Yes, there are some war pets in the shop. Most of the other shops can't fit them. There is a price on the wall if you want to buy them!"

Wang Xian looked at the person who came in and said to him!

"Do you have the Northern Howling Sky Wolf's war pets here?"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, another person came in!

"Look at the price!"

He didn't say much and pointed at the wall!

"The price is not expensive, the price is not expensive. I thought that the price would be more expensive. Give me two ice wolves. Where is your boss? When will I help tame them?"

A middle-aged man asked immediately!

"Three days later, tame them according to the order of the buyers. Pay half of the deposit first. Those who don't buy will leave immediately. Those who pay the deposit will leave immediately too!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently. With a wave of his arm, he carved this sentence on the wall!

"This..."

The few people who entered the shop opened their mouths slightly!

This service attitude was extremely arrogant!

"Are you the owner of this shop? Little brother, since you have the money to promote it on the AI, I think you can build a bigger shop!"

A middle-aged man said bitterly!

"It's too troublesome. I can barely sell it here!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Dragon Palace's War Pet. Oh My God, is that war pet shop advertised by the AI yours?"

"Do you really have thousands of ice wolves and war pets at the level of the Eternal Lord?"

"Where are you? Where are you? Why didn't you reply?"

"You Rascal, I want to buy a pet. Please reply!"

"..."

While Wang Xian was chatting with the customers who had entered the shop, in a cultivation room in the Xuantian Academy, a female student was staring at the AI with a face full of anger! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

This fellow actually didn't reply after saying one sentence!

"This fellow was able to kill a level four eternal lord by force. That War Pet of the Dragon Palace might really be his!"

The girl mumbled to herself!

Just now, she was also joking with her sisters in the group chat. She didn't take Wang Xian's message to heart!

However, just now, she received a piece of news. That Wang Xian had killed an eternal lord level four powerhouse!

When she heard that, her face was filled with shock. Suddenly, she recalled that Wang Xian had asked them if they wanted to buy a pet!

Hence, she asked out of curiosity. However, she didn't expect that it was really the Dragon Palace's War Pet!

"Sisters, Big News, Big News. Did you see the promotion on the AI? That Dragon Palace's War Pet was opened by that Wang Xian!"

She immediately opened the group chat of her sisters and replied immediately!

"What? I saw the promotion too. The video directly said that invincible combat techniques are useless. is the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop really his? It Can't be, right?"

"The Dragon Palace Pet Shop is advertised with thousands of ice wolves and hundreds of eternal master battle pets. It can't really be that Guy's pet shop, right?"

"It's possible. I just got the news that that guy killed an eternal master level four expert in the academy. Maybe this pet shop really belongs to him!"

"What kill an eternal master level four? Well... Let's go and have a look. It's on the sky-sea Island. It's not very far!"

"Me Too! Me Too!"

Soon, the whole group became lively. All the girls went to take a look!

War Pets! Every cultivator wished to have a war pet!

"Eh? There are war pets for sale in the Dragon Palace?"

In front of the pitch-black ocean, the sounds of battle and the wailing of Heaven and earth could be heard endlessly!

In a command room in front of the battlefield, a girl was sitting there. She was wearing blue armor and her hair was tied up. She looked like a woman!

She looked at the information on the AI and was pleasantly surprised. She immediately stood up!

Last time, she didn't manage to buy a war pet. This time, she hoped that she could buy a good mount!

"This is?"

"Is that the guy who opened the pet shop? This..."

At this moment, she suddenly saw the group of girls chatting on the AI. Her eyes were filled with shock!

Then, she looked at the message sent by Wang Xian. Her eyes sparkled!

She opened the AI and saw the message sent by Wang Xian. However, she didn't want to bother with it at all!

"Commander Xuan, the general just gave an order. He said that we should go to the Dragon Palace to buy the ice-breaking wolf. It would be best if we could buy all of them!"

At this moment, a young man walked in and said to the girl with a smile on his face!

"Good, I want to buy a war pet too!"

The girl immediately stood up and walked out!

"Umbrella, do you want to buy a war pet? I heard that the Dragon Palace's War Pet has the ice drill alligator of the fifth level of the Eternal God Lord. How about buying the ice drill alligator for me!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man walked in and said to the girl with a smile on his face!

The middle-aged man looked at her with a hint of admiration in his eyes!

"There's no need. I Can't control my level-five Master God. I'll buy it myself!"

The lady shook her head coldly and led the young man out immediately!

The middle-aged man frowned slightly and followed behind him hurriedly!

Countless experts were rushing towards the sky-sea island from all directions!

At this moment, the Dragon Palace's pet shop was already packed with people. Wang Xian looked at the small shop which was filled with people and frowned slightly!

"Those who enter the shop for two minutes without buying will leave immediately. Those who come later, line up one by one!"

Wang Xian walked to the entrance and shouted at everyone!

At the same time, he waved his arm and a sign immediately appeared in front of the door!

A few big words were written on the sign. Those who did not buy would leave immediately!

Be it the sign at the entrance or the notice in the room, they were all extremely arrogant!

"This young man is the boss. I have to say, he is really arrogant to the extreme. Our customer is simply a grandson. The shop owner is the boss!"

"You can leave directly if you don't want to buy it. Since he is able to promote it on the AI, he must have the capital to be arrogant. It's a war pet, and the price is also so affordable!"

Some people looked at the signboard that Wang Xian had set up and whispered among themselves!