Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2299: Rule 2299

"What's going on? There's a line? Oh My God, there are so many Eternal God Lords!"

"The Dragon Palace Pet Shop is crazy. Even Eternal God lords are lining up outside?"

In the second hour after the artificial intelligence was promoted, more than ten people were lining up outside the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!

These people were all Eternal God lords. As for those who wanted to join in the fun, they could only look around and didn't dare to line up!

The scene on the streets of Tianhai Island also caused countless people to be shocked!

"There are so many people, but they still have to line up. The Dragon Palace Pet Shop is too small!"

At this moment, three or four girls came to the front of the Dragon Palace pet shop and looked at the experts who were lining up in front of the shop in surprise!

"He didn't reply to our messages!"

One girl pouted in dissatisfaction!

"Come, let's go in and take a look. That guy might be too busy!"

A girl said and walked into the shop!

"We know the boss inside!"

A girl looked at the dozens of experts in line and said with a smile!

"Miss Xuan, it doesn't matter even if you cut the line!"

A middle-aged man recognized them and said with a smile!

Several girls smiled and immediately walked into the shop!

As soon as they reached the entrance, they saw twenty to thirty people in the shop!

Without hesitation, they immediately walked into the shop!

"Line up at the back. Don't you see the Rules?"

However, when they entered the shop, a cold voice entered their ears, causing their bodies to stiffen!

When they looked inside, they saw a young man staring at them coldly!

It was that guy!

The four of them opened their mouths slightly and revealed furious expressions!

This guy actually made them line up at the back!

Looking at his appearance, it seemed like he didn't recognize them!

At the back, the experts who were lining up were slightly stunned and showed a stunned expression!

This boss actually made several girls from the mysterious sky descendant line up. Their identities were equivalent to princesses in the mysterious Sky Territory!

Even experts like them had to be polite when they met these few people!

"You Rascal... you asked us if we wanted to buy pets. Now that we're here, you actually made us queue up?"

A girl stared at Wang Xian angrily and shouted directly!

"I called you guys?"

Wang Xian revealed a hint of doubt in his eyes. He sized up the four of them and felt that they were somewhat familiar!

"Oh, so it's you guys. Come in and take a look. If you want to buy them, hurry up. If you don't, please leave quickly!"

Wang Xian said directly to them!

"You..."

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the four girls were stunned again. A hint of anger appeared on their faces!

What kind of attitude was this?

When the other boys treated them, which one of them wasn't eager to please them? This guy...

Wang Xian ignored the four girls as well. Initially, he thought that he could buy some war pets with the help of the girls'contact information and help him promote himself!

In the end, he sent a message to them but no one replied to him. The only one replied after a long time!

Now, Wang Xian didn't need the girls from the mysterious heaven's descendants to buy them anymore. The had already been advertised and it wouldn't be long before all the war pets in his hands could be sold!

When the four girls saw that Wang Xian ignored them, they were furious again. They looked around and saw the price and the notice on the wall. Their faces turned black again!

"This guy is too arrogant. He's so arrogant even when selling war pets!"

A girl said in a low voice!

"Do you guys want to buy war pets? We can't control the Eternal Lord level ones. It's not a big problem for us to control the ice-breaking wolves that are at the peak of the Godly State!"

"I don't like ice-breaking Wolves!"

The four girls chatted in a low voice. They frowned slightly when they saw the customers walking over to Wang Xian to pay the deposit!

This was completely different from what they had expected. The other party didn't put them in his eyes at all. He even almost let them in!

The four girls looked at the notice on the wall that said if they didn't buy the war pets within two minutes, they should leave immediately. They looked at each other!

"HMPH, get out!"

One of the girls said, while the other three left in a huff!

When the four of them walked out of the door and saw that there were five or six more people lining up outside, they became even angrier!

"There are actually so many experts lining up!"

One of the girls muttered, feeling a little unhappy in her heart!

The number of people lining up increased. At first, there were only a dozen or so people, but now, in less than a few minutes, there were already more than twenty people!

More and more people rushed over!

At this moment, more than ten people in front of them suddenly flew over on giant swords!

They were all wearing the same white clothes, and there was a picture of a sharp sword embroidered on their chests. The group of people was emitting a sharp sword light!

The more than ten people's momentum was like a rainbow, and they directly fell toward the door, completely ignoring everyone around them!

"Eh? This... This is a person from the sword realm!"

"He's an expert from the sword realm. The middle-aged man in the lead has mastered at least seven or eight laws!"

The dozen or so people landed in front of the Dragon Palace's mount and looked around proudly!

The experts who were queuing up looked at them in surprise and discussed in low voices!

"Clap Clap!"

The dozen or so people raised their heads and looked at the Dragon Palace's Mount in front of them with a smile on their faces!

"I want an ice-breaking wolf!"

A young man said eagerly!

"Let's Go!" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The rest of the people smiled. The middle-aged man in the middle said indifferently and walked straight in!

He completely ignored the signboard at the door!

At the back, the eternal masters frowned slightly. However, no one said anything!

They couldn't afford to provoke the sword domain!

"Are you blind? Line up outside!"

Wang Xian saw a group of more than a dozen people entering the shop. The small shop instantly became crowded. He frowned and said coldly!

"Kid, who are you talking to?"

A young man heard his words and immediately turned around. His eyes revealed a hint of coldness!

"Either line up or get lost!"

Wang Xian stared at the young man and shouted coldly!

"You..."

The Young Man's face turned red and looked slightly ferocious. He glared at Wang Xian with anger!

"Young man, we are from the sword domain. We heard that the Dragon Palace's war pets are here to purchase a batch of war pets!"

The middle-aged man in the middle frowned and waved at the young man as he said indifferently!

"If you want to buy a pet, then line up. I Don't care where you guys are from. If you don't want to buy one, then get lost!"

Wang Xian didn't give the middle-aged man a good look either. He snorted coldly!

The reputation of the Dragon Palace's pet shop had already been made known. The rules had to be made known as well. Otherwise, it would be troublesome if everyone had no rules!

"Call your boss over!"

The middle-aged man's face darkened when he heard Wang Xian's words. Streams of sword rays appeared around his body!

"Boss, I want a Northern Howling Sky Wolf!"

At this moment, an old man walked to Wang Xian's side and looked at the people from the sword domain!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at the middle-aged man. "If you don't scram, don't even think about buying one!"

"Boss?"

The middle-aged man's expression changed and he looked a little embarrassed. Sword radiance flashed in his eyes!