Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2300: 2,300 overbearing boss

"Is he the boss of this place?"

The people from the sword domain looked extremely embarrassed as they stared at Wang Xian!

They didn't expect this arrogant young man to be the boss!

"I'll give you three seconds!"

Wang Xian said to them indifferently!

"You..."

The young man held the sharp sword in his hand tightly. His face was filled with anger!

"Go out and line up!"

The middle-aged man in the middle had a gloomy expression. He growled and turned around to walk out!

"Boss, you are really awesome. You even dared to chase out the experts from the sword domain!"

"Boss, you are really impressive. The ones who were chased out just now were a few princesses from our Xuan Heaven. Now, there are a few experts from the sword domain!"

In the shop, some of the experts smiled when they saw how powerful Wang Xian was!

Wang Xian smiled faintly. Other people had their backers, but he also had his own backers. who was afraid of him!

"The people from the sword domain are out!"

"They were chased out. They were so arrogant just now and were chased out by the shop owner!"

"This shop owner is really powerful. These experts from the sword domain didn't give him any face at all!"

"Since the shop owner is able to promote it so widely and has so many war pets, why would he be afraid of the sword domain? If they don't buy it, more people will buy it!"

Outside the shop, the experts were gloating when they saw the people from the sword domain being kicked out!

When they first came here, they knew a little about the arrogance of the shop owner. They would buy the battle pets as soon as they entered the shop. If they didn't buy them, they would get lost!

They were not dissatisfied with the shop owner's attitude!

At least the battle pets in the dragon palace pet shop were indeed cheaper!

And they had many pets!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, a flying machine flew over at an extremely fast speed in the sky. The flying machine was 10 meters in size, and it was emitting a dazzling metallic light!

"It's the fifth generation of the Heaven's choice fighter jet, the Heaven's choice fighter jet. Only the elites of the Tianze mainland government can own a fighter jet!"

The arrival of the flying machine attracted the attention of many people. Looking at the 10-meter-long dazzling fighter jet, everyone's faces revealed a look of shock!

The fifth generation of the natural selection fighter jet, the fighter jet exclusive to the strong!

A middle-aged man flew down from the fighter jet and landed directly on the ground!

His gaze swept across the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop. He frowned slightly and took the initiative to walk towards the back!

The group of strong people looked at the middle-aged man with a hint of fear in their eyes. Although they did not know this middle-aged man, they could be sure that he was a strong person!

In the Tianze continent, before the four major factions rose to power, they had their own federal government!

After the four major factions rose to power, they occupied all corners of the continent. They still supported the former federal government, the former royal family, and the AI was controlled by the government!

All the technology was provided by the government!

The middle-aged man stood at the back of the line without saying a word!

"The people from the front line of the Black Sea are here. Hiss, I didn't expect that the soldiers from the front line of the mysterious sky territory would also come to buy!"

A voice suddenly sounded, and some people looked toward the road!

Two old men, a middle-aged man, and a beautiful woman in blue armor were walking toward them!

They were dressed in military uniforms, and they could be recognized at a glance!

The smell of blood was obvious that they were all powerhouses!

A group of people strolled over and walked straight into the shop!

When they saw the people lining up at the entrance of the shop, they were slightly stunned!

"So many people are actually lining up. The people lining up in front of us seem to be from the sword domain. They actually came to our shop to buy War Pets?"

The middle-aged man at the front revealed a look of surprise in his eyes. His gaze then looked at the fighter jets in the sky, and the surprise on his face grew even more intense!

"It's normal. If we can buy those thousands of ice wolf packs and buy more than ten eternal God Lord warpets, this can also be considered a considerable increase in strength!"

The old man at the side said indifferently.

"Are we also queuing up? According to me, we will directly requisition them. If we requisition the Beast Tamer Masters here, that would be even better!"

The corner of the middle-aged man's mouth curled up slightly as he said indifferently!

"I advise you to give up on this idea!"

The woman in blue armor looked at him coldly!

If the boss here was really that young man, then this young man had a very deep relationship with Xuan Tian!

"Umbrella, recruiting him will be very beneficial to our frontline!"

The middle-aged man said to the woman with a smile!

"Should we go in directly or queue up?"

An elder frowned slightly and said.

"Go in directly, general. If the Sword Domain and the federation buy too much, we won't have any share. This is our mysterious Sky Domain!"

The middle-aged man directly suggested!

"Go in, I know the boss here!"

The blue-armored woman hesitated for a moment and said!

"Alright, let's Go!"

The group of people did not hesitate and walked straight in!

At the side, the middle-aged man from the federation and the people from the sword domain looked over and frowned slightly!

"The people from the frontline of the mysterious sky domain are here. This... we might not be able to buy much!"

The young man from the sword domain said with a dark expression. The people beside him also had ugly expressions!

They would be chased out, but the people from the mysterious sky domain might not be chased out. The other party was a frontline soldier from the mysterious Sky Domain!

"The people now either have problems with their brains or their eyes. Can't they see the huge words at the door?"

However, just as the people around watched the soldiers walk in, a voice suddenly came from inside!

Everyone outside the door was stunned, including the experts who were queuing up!

The few soldiers who came to the door were also stunned. Their expressions changed!

The Lady in blue armor was also stunned. She looked inside!

Wang Xian was also looking outside. His expression didn't change at all!

There were already enough people in the room. There were even people who thought they were awesome and cut the queue to enter. They didn't even put him in their eyes!

"Wang Xian, are we here to purchase war pets?"

The Lady in blue armor took a deep breath and said to Wang Xian!

"HMM? You know me?"

Wang Xian saw the lady in blue armor calling out his name. A hint of doubt flashed across his eyes. "Who are you?"

Who Are You?

When the lady in blue armor heard Wang Xian's words, her face immediately turned gloomy!

He actually didn't recognize her!

This...

Her face changed. The two old men at the side also looked at the lady in blue armor with slight astonishment!

Didn't Commander Xuan Know Her?

Now... This was a slap to his face!

"We are soldiers from the Black Sea frontline and wish to purchase a batch of war pets!"

When the middle-aged man saw Wang Xian's expression, his face turned cold as he said coldly!

"Do you see the words at the door?"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he pointed at the door and spoke coldly!

The middle-aged man opened his mouth!

"Do you want me to say 'get lost'?"

Before he could speak, Wang Xian continued to speak coldly! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Let's Go!"

The Lady in blue armor walked back with a sullen face. She didn't have the face to force herself to go in!

The others didn't even know her, yet she was going to be slapped in the face?

She gave Wang Xian a cold glance and walked towards the back!