Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2301: 2301 was sold for offending others

"This..."

Everyone was stunned when they saw the woman in blue armor lining up behind them with a cold face!

"This female commander seems to be the current Princess!"

"Commander Xuan an 'er, the most powerful woman in the mysterious sky territory. She's not very old now and has already broken through to the Eternal God Lord Realm. She's a little weaker than the invincible talent in battle techniques in the land of battle techniques!"

"This boss is too domineering. The people from the sword domain have been chased out. Even Commander Xuan and the rest have been chased out. We have to follow the rules!"

Some of the experts looked at the entrance of the shop in shock!

When the two elders saw that Xuan an 'er had gone to line up with a bad expression, they also frowned and went back to line up!

When the middle-aged man saw how embarrassed she looked, his eyes revealed a cold expression. He stared at Wang Xian with a cold gaze!

"Hehe!"

He licked his tongue and smiled sinisterly. Then, he walked out!

"This..."

When they saw this scene, the people from the sword domain were stunned. They didn't expect that this shop dared to chase out experts from the Xuan Heaven Domain!

What the F * CK, was this shop so arrogant and overbearing?

The people who were chased out just now were in a much better mood now!

The cold expressions of the people from the sword domain also eased up a bit!

"This is the Dragon Palace's pet shop!"

"This is it!"

At this moment, another major force arrived. More than ten people were wearing the same clothes, and the word "Fight"was written on their chests!

"The people from the land of combat have also come. Many powerful forces have come for these pets!"

"Hiss, I didn't expect there to be so many experts!"

At this moment, there were already thousands of people surrounding them. When they saw the experts from the land of combat techniques rushing over, their faces were filled with shock!

A Dragon Palace battle pet attracted so many people!

"I'll buy this later!"

The experts in the front line saw the experts from the federation, the sword domain experts, and the frontline soldiers of the mysterious sky. Now, the land of combat techniques was here again!

In the entire Tianze continent, three of the four major powers had come, and the Central Federation had also come. Only one had not come!

The experts in the line had bitter expressions on their faces!

They still did not want to participate in the purchase of battle pets!

An eternal god Lord expert immediately left. The other experts also smiled bitterly and followed him out!

"You want to line up?" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The people from the land of battle techniques looked over and swept their eyes over the people in the line. They were slightly surprised, but they did not directly go over. Instead, they walked to the back!

The individual experts who were in line at the front had all left. The middle-aged man from the federation was at the front, followed by the expert from the sword domain. Behind them were Xuan umbrella and the rest of the experts from the land of Combat Arts!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the outside!

In fact, Wang Xian still had some impression of Xuan umbrella. Among the group of girls the last time, she was the only one who had reached the level of eternal God Lord!

However, he had sent her a message and didn't reply to her. Now, he even wanted to come in directly!

Who Do you think you are?

And you think I, Wang Xian, am a dog-eater!

Therefore, he deliberately ignored that girl. It wasn't that Wang Xian was narrow-minded. No matter what others did to him, he would do the same to others!

"Boss, we will come back in three days!"

"Let's go, let's go out. I didn't expect so many powerhouses to come!"

The group of Eternal Lord powerhouses in the shop also smiled bitterly when they saw the four forces that were queuing outside!

They hurriedly paid the deposit and walked out!

With so many forces, they did not dare to stay here any longer!

After the group of people left, the entire shop quickly became empty. The four forces that were queuing outside immediately walked in!

The first one to enter was the middle-aged man. After entering the shop, he walked straight towards Wang Xian!

"Little Brother!"

The middle-aged man walked over with a smile on his face. "I saw the message you sent me, but I was too busy to reply in Time!"

The middle-aged man was the one who came after Wang Xian sold all his battle pets last time. After the last battle pets were sold out, the two of them left their contact details!

"What War Pets do you want?"

Wang Xian smiled at the middle-aged man!

This middle-aged man left a deep impression on him. He was very strong and had comprehended seven to eight laws. He could be considered to be quite polite!

Wang Xian had a good impression of this middle-aged man!

"How many war pets do you have here?"

The middle-aged man's eyes flickered as he asked directly!

"I sold some. Currently, I still have 3,511 ice wolves, eight eternal Lord Level One, 95 northhowl Sirius level two, and one each at level three, four, and five!"

Wang Xian said directly to the middle-aged man!

"Hiss, there are actually 95 Northern Howling Wolves!"

"There are both level three and level four, level five eternal Lord Level!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, everyone from the sword domain, the battlefield, and the frontline of the mysterious sky revealed a look of shock!

It was just as what the A.I. had said!

However, even though they were mentally prepared, they were still shocked, especially the 95 Northern Howling Wolves!

These over 3,000 ice wolves were already so imposing when they stood in a row. How imposing was it when 95 Northern Howling Sky Wolves, who were at the second level of the eternal lord, stood in a row?

The breathing of the people around them was a little hurried!

The middle-aged man's eyes were also burning with passion!

"Little brother, I represent the federation and want all of Your Battle Pets!"

The middle-aged man said without any hesitation!

"Huh? You want all of them?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback when he heard his words. He asked immediately!

"All of them? Aren't you asking for a lion? Our Sword Domain wants 1,000 ice-breaking wolves and 20 Northern Howling Sky Wolves!"

"Our Land of Combat Arts wants 2,000 ice-breaking wolves and 40 Northern Howling Sky Wolves!"

Before the middle-aged man could reply, the people from the land of combat arts and the sword domain immediately spoke up!

All of them had cold expressions on their faces!

"I want all of them. Can you sell them?"

The middle-aged man glanced at the people beside him and asked Wang Xian!

"Sure. You didn't manage to buy them when you came to buy them last time. This time, you can buy them first. As long as you want all of them, I'll sell them all to you!"

Wang Xian promised directly!

"Alright, I'll take all of them. I know the rules here. I've prepared a portion of the elixirs. It might not be enough now, but the deposit is enough!"

"I'll give you the rest of the elixirs when you tame your battle pets!"

The middle-aged man revealed a smile. It was obvious that he had come prepared!

However, he thought that Wang Xian didn't have so many battle pets this time, so he didn't bring enough elixirs. However, the deposit was more or less enough!

"Haha, good, that's Cool!"

Wang Xian was full of smiles as he nodded immediately!

This time, he saved himself a lot of time!

On the other hand, the soldiers at the sword domain, the battlefield, and the front line of the mysterious Sky were all stunned when they saw that they had completed the transaction!

It seemed that they had queued up and didn't manage to get any battle pets after entering. All of them were bought by others!

Even Xuan umbrella was stunned!

With so many battle pets, be it the ice wolves that were suitable for the warriors at the front line or the northern howling sky wolf, they were all excellent battle pets!

Now that all of them were sold out, they could not get a single one!

This made her face extremely ugly!

The rest of them also did not look good!