Chapter 2302: 2302 had offended someone and sold all of them

"You... you sold all of your battle pets to one party and made us wait here for so long?"

The middle-aged man beside Xuan umbrella looked at the middle-aged man from the Federation who was buying all the battle pets. When he saw that the Dragon Palace's battle pet owner had agreed, his face revealed an angry expression!

They were the soldiers at the front line of the mysterious sky territory. Not only were they chased out just now, but now they were lining up to come in. All of their battle pets had been bought by one person!

Especially these battle pets, they were extremely envious. How could they be willing to leave just like that?

"We are waiting here from all directions. Let's not talk about anything else. At the very least, we should split it evenly!"

The middle-aged man who was the leader of the sword territory also stared coldly at Wang Xian. His eyes were a little cold!

"That's right, Wang Xian. This is not how you do business!"

Xuan umbrella also chimed in from the side with a gloomy face!

Everyone stared at Wang Xian in unison. Their eyes were filled with displeasure!

"Everyone, you can't blame the boss for this. The last time I came here, all of them were sold out. You can wait for the next time!"

"The royal family of the federation is preparing to build a war beast army. Everyone, please give us some face!"

The middle-aged man from the Federation saw the displeasure from the other three factions and spoke to them indifferently!

"We will naturally give face to the royal family of the Federation. However, we have to give face too. Let's not talk about other things. We have traveled so far and didn't even get a single one. Are we willing to do that? Will the others be willing to do that?"

An elder from the land of combat arts took a glance at the middle-aged man from the Federation and spoke indifferently!

"I didn't ask you guys to come over!"

Wang Xian heard his words and spoke indifferently!

He didn't ask anyone to come over and beg them to buy battle pets. They came here on their own!

"You..."

The old man from the land of battle techniques instantly looked embarrassed. He stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"Little brother, you promoted it on the AI. We have yet to find an explanation for the fact that the Peerless Heaven's favorites of our land of battle techniques are invincible in their battle techniques and are useless!"

"The invincible in battle techniques is the rising star in the land of battle techniques. Not everyone can insult him!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

As the old man spoke, a majestic aura was brewing in his body!

"HMPH, how can our invincible young master be insulted by just anyone? Furthermore, he is slandering us without any scruples!"

Behind the old man, a young man was also staring at Wang Xian coldly. His eyes were filled with coldness!

Wang Xian had openly declared that his battle techniques were invincible in such a large-scale promotion. This had already aroused the dissatisfaction of many people in the land of battle techniques!

This was especially so for the supporters of the land of battle techniques who were invincible in battle techniques. At this moment, they were already spouting nonsense in the comments section of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop in the artificial intelligence department!

It was just that Wang Xian didn't look at the Artificial Intelligence Department for a while!

"Huh?"

The other factions were slightly stunned when they saw this scene. They naturally knew that the Dragon Palace's War Pet had openly declared that its battle techniques were invincible and that it was useless!

They naturally understood the identity of being invincible in battle techniques. It was fine if they didn't argue with the land of battle techniques, but once they did, the others wouldn't say anything either!

After all, the land of battle techniques killed him first, so who would dare to stand up for him?

"Hehe, it's fine if you don't say that the land of battle techniques is stupid, but since you're so familiar with the land of battle techniques, then fine, give me back the fifteen tier 5 eternal God Lord Pills that he owes me!"

"Damn it, not only is he in debt for the Ice Drill Croc that I sold him, he didn't reply when I sent him a message. It seems like he's trying to renege on his debt. If you guys can contact him and ask him to send me the elixirs, or you guys can give them to me!"

Wang Xian saw the anger on the faces of the few of them at the battle tactics ground. They were even gathering their aura. A look of disdain appeared in his eyes!

That guy who is invincible in battle tactics still owes me money. Why are you guys standing up for him and acting arrogantly in front of me?

"Eh..."

Everyone from the land of battle tactics was stunned. The Aura on their bodies disappeared instantly. Some of them looked at each other in dismay!

"Come, come. If any of you can contact invincible in battle tactics, it's fine even if you can't contact his family!"

Wang Xian continued to speak to them!

This time, the people from the land of battle technique were speechless. They felt extremely awkward at this moment!

They never expected invincible battle technique to owe the Dragon Palace's War Pet Money!

They were so arrogant that they wanted to avenge young master invincible. However, he didn't care about them at all and even asked for the debt with disdain!

Damn it, this was so embarrassing!

The atmosphere suddenly became strange. The rest of the people also looked at the people from the battlefield in astonishment!

"We are not clear about this matter, but if invincible owes you medicinal pills, we will definitely pay you back. We definitely won't owe you anything!"

The old man from the battlefield said with a slightly red face!

"Next time, if you have a battle pet, please inform us in advance!"

A middle-aged man next to the land of battle tactics said and looked at his own people!

They had slipped away!

Yes, they had left!

They had never thought that it would be so awkward!

"Does invincible really owe him pills? Fifteen Eternal God Lord level pills, that's not a small amount!"

"This... it's really possible. Invincible's mount was not given by the patriarch, nor could it be tamed by him. He could only buy it. Although he has money, he can't afford to buy a level 5 eternal god Lord Mount. He probably owes money!"

As the people from the land of battle techniques walked, they were discussing in low voices!

They didn't represent the entire land of battle techniques to buy war pets. They were just a combat division that represented the land of battle techniques. Could it be that they were really paying back money for the invincible battle techniques!

If they didn't pay back money, they would understand the virtue of the invincible battle techniques!

The people from the land of battle techniques walked out of the shop and looked at the Sword Domain and mysterious sky frontline soldiers with gloomy expressions!

"Please give us some face too!"

The middle-aged man from the federation heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that there was one less faction. He cupped his hands at the soldiers from the sword domain and the front line of the mysterious Sky Territory!

"If the Dragon Palace's War Pet gets another pet next time, I'll inform all of you in advance!"

Wang Xian said calmly from the side!

"Alright!"

The people from the sword domain hesitated for a moment. They didn't make a fuss anymore and turned around to leave!

"Little Brother, you sold your war pets on the Sky Sea Island. At the very least, you are a member of the Xuan Heaven Domain. We should help our own people!"

The two generals from the Xuan Heaven Domain were unwilling to leave the sword domain and the land of battle techniques!

Just as he said, the people from the Xuan Heaven Domain wanted to help the Xuan Heaven Domain!

"I'm late. There's nothing I Can Do!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and said indifferently!

"This is Xuan Tian's territory. It's our territory!"

The middle-aged man beside him said with a cold expression!

"Oh? Why? Do you still want to snatch it from me?"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he looked at the old man in disdain!

"If you still have battle pets next time, please inform us in advance!"

Xuan an 'er said to Wang Xian expressionlessly before turning around and leaving!

"Let's talk about it later. The attitude of some of you here is not good!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged man beside him and said sarcastically!

Xuan umbrella'er paused and continued walking forward!

"Kid, this is the territory of Xuan Heaven. This is Xuan Heaven's territory!"

The middle-aged man at the side heard Wang Xian's words. He stared at him coldly and said!

"Scram!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said disdainfully!

"You..."

His expression changed. When he saw that the general and the rest had left, he clenched his fists slightly and revealed a sinister smile. Then, he turned around and left!