Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2303: 2303 forcefully requisitioned it

"Little brother, thank you so much. You've offended some people!"

"If you have any difficulties, you can come to the federation. With your ability, the federation and the Royal Family will not treat you unfairly!"

Seeing the other factions leaving one by one, the middle-aged man from the Federation said to Wang Xian!

"Hehe, it's nothing. I have my own rules when I Open My Shop. Otherwise, whoever is stronger will be able to buy my items. What does that make me, the Boss?"

"Since you are here to buy a war pet from me, you have to follow my rules!"

Wang Xian shook his head. He did not care about them at all!

Wang Xian had sent Xuan an 'er a message in advance when she wanted to buy a war pet. It was a pity that the other party did not reply!

There was one to two hours before the promotion. If she came over during this period and wanted to buy a war pet, Wang Xian could sell all of them to her!

He wouldn't be promoting them either!

In fact, when Xuan umbrella saw Wang Xian's message, she didn't pay much attention to it at that time!

Later on, when she saw the words of the girls in the group, she realized that the war pets of the Dragon Palace belonged to Wang Xian!

Unfortunately, it was too late!

"Hehe, little brother, you really have a personality. Let me introduce myself. My name is Fu Guo. This is the deposit. Take a look!"

Fu Guo smiled when he heard Wang Xian's words. He took out his interspatial ring and handed it to Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. This was a big deal!

"Can you go to the central royal family to help with the taming?"

Fu Guo hesitated for a moment before asking him!

"I'm worried. I think it's better to stay here!"

Wang Xian shook his head. He was really worried about going to other places!

He didn't know much about the Fu Nation and the federation and the royal family. In the Xuan Heaven Domain, it was relatively safer!

Once something happened, Xuan Tianzi would take action!

"Hehe, it's unnecessary for you to worry, little brother. However, I respect you too. I'll bring him here!"

Fu Guo smiled and said!

"Alright, I'll be fine for the next two days!"

Wang Xian nodded!

"It's about the day after tomorrow. Let's contact each other then!"

Fu Guo confirmed the time!

...

"Damn that guy. He didn't give us any face at all. Who Is That Guy?"

Outside the Dragon Palace's pet shop, a middle-aged soldier from the front line of the mysterious Sky walked out and said with a cold face!

"We know who he is. To be able to get so many battle pets, he is indeed not simple!"

An old man raised his eyebrows and said slowly!

"Unfortunately, if we can get these war pets, our strength will increase a lot, but the people of the mysterious sky territory won't sell them to us. Humph!"

Another old man snorted with slight displeasure!

"Let's wait for the next time. Last time, the Dragon Palace's war pets were able to get 20 to 30 sea monsters. This time, we got so many war pets. Next time, there might be more. Let's pay more attention to the situation here!"

Xuan umbrella'er said with a thoughtful look!

"That's all we can do. I think that Kid's aura isn't weak. He seems to have mastered five laws. It's been a long time since such a powerful Beast Tamer Master appeared in the Tianze Continent!"

The elder next to him sighed slightly!

"Five laws. General Chu, are you sure?"

The middle-aged man's eyes were shining!

"I can't be wrong, I am very accurate in judging people. His aura is so young that it is somewhat strange. I don't know what the reason is!"

The old man who was called General Chu had a thoughtful look on his face!

The group of people did not say anything else and directly flew toward the front line of the Black Sea!

Returning to the front line, the two old generals left, and Xuan Umbrella'er also returned to her temporary residence. Today, she had been slapped in the face!

"Over 3,000 ice wolves, over 90 Northern Howling Sky Wolves, and a group of Tier 3, Tier 4, and even tier 5 battle pets!"

"If I can become a mount, the strength of my subordinates can be greatly increased. I can even make many people become my subordinates!"

"When that time comes, my general can look forward to it!"

The middle-aged man watched as they left one by one, floating in the sky. His eyes flickered with a cold luster!

"However, General Chu said that that fellow has mastered five laws, and his strength is the same as mine. Although Beast Tamers are relatively weak, he still has an ice drill crocodile!"

"I need to find a few people. No, I can't find too many. Two is enough, or else I'll split some of the benefits!"

The middle-aged man muttered, and his body moved, immediately flying toward the front line!

"HMM? Yong Xingping, are you serious? Are there really so many war pets?"

In a room on the front line of the Black Sea, a middle-aged man stared at Yong Xingping with shock written all over his face!

"How could I lie to You? The war pets of the Dragon Palace, the one that the AI is promoting, that Kid didn't know what was good for him and sold all of his war pets to the royal family of the Federation!"

Yong Xingping narrowed his eyes, which were full of coldness!

"Are you asking me to join you to Rob?"

The middle-aged man looked at him with sparkling eyes!

"This is the territory of the mysterious Sky clan, the territory of the mysterious Sky clan. We are the soldiers on the front line and have great power!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"We can forcibly enlist soldiers when necessary!"

Yong Xingping smiled, as if victory was in his hands!

"Hahaha, you are really cunning. However, according to what I said, if we requisition people together, we can contribute to the front line when necessary. Even the outside world can not say anything!"

The middle-aged man laughed, his eyes shining with sharpness!

"Requisition people? Let's talk about that later. Let's first requisition the war pets. At most, we can give them some divine pills!"

Yong Xingping raised his eyebrows and shook his head!

"What's there to be afraid of? We're fighting the sea monsters at the front line. What's the big deal if we recruit one person? At most, we can show our respect to the Generals!"

The middle-aged man did not care at all!

This was also why Yong Xingping had called him along. He was brave enough and could be said to be a thorn in the side!

However, this guy was highly valued by a general!

"We'll see when the time comes!"

Yong Xingping smiled. "Bring some people over. Do We need to inform the law enforcement department?"

"No need. Let's kill him first and report later!"

The middle-aged man shook his head!

He did not ask about the identity and background of the pet owner of the Dragon Palace. It was not that he was stupid, but that he did not care!

As the frontline of the mysterious sky territory and the sea monsters, the Black Sea frontline had many experts and great power!

Not to mention the others, the general overseeing this place was a peak eternal God lord existence. There was another identity, the descendant of the mysterious Sky!

The experts who had received the guidance of the Dean were also ranked in the top five in the entire mysterious Sky Territory!

Although they had selfish motives in obtaining so many war pets, most of them were still given to their subordinates!

The promotion of their own subordinates was equivalent to the promotion of the soldiers on the frontlines!

When that time came, even if the general knew that they were against the rules, he would turn a blind eye to it!

"We might not be able to obtain high-level war pets, but we can still obtain one for each of the Northern Howling Sky Wolves. The rest will be given to the other brothers. When that time comes, the position of general..."

Yong Xingping looked at him and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Haha, Let's Go!"

Another middle-aged man laughed wildly and flew out!