Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2304: 2304 forcibly requisitioned

"Commander Li, when the time comes, can each of us brothers have a powerful battle pet?"

In the sky, a group of more than 1,000 people were wearing uniform armor and flying with a strong murderous aura!

In the front, more than 10 middle-aged men looked at the two leaders with smiles on their faces and asked with smiles!

"No matter what, we should give each of us a battle pet this time. For those below the god-level, each of you will have a peak-stage god-level ice wolf. The dozen of you can all get a level-1 eternal god-lord battle pet!"

Yong Xingping's lips curled up slightly as he promised indifferently!

"Haha, then we'll thank Commander Yong in advance. Do We need to make a move then?"

Everyone's faces were burning with excitement. A war pet of the first rank of an eternal god Lord was even worth some eternal God lords risking their lives for!

"If that guy dares to resist, then we'll make a move directly. However, he won't dare to be ignored!"

Commander Li said indifferently!

As he spoke, he looked at Yong Xingping!

"This time, we have to be careful. Don't let him escape. If he does, it'll be troublesome!"

It was too easy for the Eternal God master to escape. Even if it was a group of them, they wouldn't be able to stop a god master who wanted to escape!

"This is indeed troublesome. However, it's also easy for him. Let someone provoke him first. With that Guy's character, he should attack. After injuring our people, we can directly put him on the wanted list!"

Yong Xingping's eyes were shining!

"I'm not afraid of anything else. I'm just afraid that when the time comes, he will directly agree to requisition them. However, if he asks us for the divine pills, then we might not be able to take them by force. We will have to pay for the divine pills!"

Following that, he continued to say!

"So be it. No matter what, we must get our hands on these war pets!"

A determined look appeared in commander Li's eyes!

They had to get their hands on this batch of war pets. Even if they had to buy them with divine flower stones, it would be very beneficial to them!

This was their contribution!

Of course, if that fellow did not know what was good for him, that would be even better. Perhaps, they would only have to pay a small price to get all the war pets!

As the two of them spoke, they looked at each other!

The experts around them licked their tongues, their eyes full of excitement!

More than ten eternal lord-level soldiers and more than a thousand warriors who had ignited seven or eight wisps of divine fire!

This power was very strong!

They flew to the sky-sea Island, landed on the ground, and walked in the direction of the Dragon Palace's war pet shop in an orderly manner!

They were all wearing armor, and one could tell that they were experts from the front line at a glance. Their strong murderous aura was awe-inspiring!

"It's the warriors of the Black Sea. What are they doing here?"

Some people looked at them and discussed in low voices!

"They're right in front!"

Yong Xingping stared at the front, and the corners of his mouth curled up as he said to Commander Li beside him!

"Warriors of the front line of the Black Sea, lock down the war pets of the Dragon Palace for me!"

Commander Li raised his head slightly and ordered all the warriors behind him!

"Yes!"

A warrior's eyes glittered as he moved! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Boom! Boom! Boom

A powerful aura rose from their bodies and immediately flew toward the Dragon Palace's War Pets!

They sealed the war pets in all directions!

The sudden arrival of the frontline warriors sealed a shop, which immediately shocked everyone in the surroundings!

"What happened? Are there fugitives here?"

"Hiss, the front-line warriors of the Black Sea are here. Who are they dealing with?"

"They sealed off the war pets of the Dragon Palace. What's Going On? The front-line warriors are here to seal off the war pets of the Dragon Palace. What did they do?"

Everyone around widened their eyes and watched!

"General Xuan Tian, take care of things. Those who are idle, Retreat!"

Yong Xingping shouted and a powerful force spread out in the surroundings!

"Retreat!"

Everyone around quickly retreated to the surroundings. Even some of the shop owners closed their doors immediately and hid behind them!

The soldiers at the front line guarded the entire Xuan Heaven Domain. They had great authority!

When they saw that they had sealed the Dragon Palace's war pets, everyone was astonished!

The Dragon Palace's War Pets were currently in the limelight!

"Eh?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop, was sitting cross-legged and cultivating!

His dragon energy had already reached the level where he could advance to the eternal lord. However, as the dragon palace had yet to level up, its level couldn't be raised!

This made him feel a little helpless!

After killing the woman with the metal attribute, the Dragon Palace was now devouring the Divine Kingdom which had gold, fire, Earth, thunder, water, and darkness!

The water attribute was the nest of a water attribute sea monster that had been devoured not long ago!

Now, there were only three attributes left. As long as he devoured these three attributes, the Dragon Palace would be able to upgrade and he would be able to upgrade to the level of the Eternal Divine Lord!

The commotion outside immediately attracted Wang Xian's attention. This caused him to frown slightly!

"Bang!"

Before he could leave, the door was broken open!

He frowned and a cold expression appeared in his eyes!

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the surroundings and finally landed on Yong Xingping!

A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes!

"Wang Xian, right?"

Right in front of him, Yong Xingping and commander Li also saw Wang Xian. A smile appeared on their faces!

They waved their hands and a level-two eternal lord soldier walked towards Wang Xian coldly!

"What's the matter?"

Wang Xian walked out of the door slowly. He glanced at the dilapidated door and asked coldly!

"We are soldiers from the Blackwater front line of the Xuan Heaven Domain. The situation at the front line is urgent now. We need to requisition your war pets!"

The middle-aged soldier said as he walked towards Wang Xian slowly!

"We already know how many war pets you have. Now, bring your war pets back to the front line with us!"

He stopped two meters in front of Wang Xian and spoke with an unquestionable tone of command!

"What if I say no?"

When Wang Xian heard his words, he narrowed his eyes slightly and a trace of anger surged in his heart!

Requisition! Directly requisition the war pets in his hands. They actually dared to do such a thing!

Was It Xuan Umbrella's intention?

No, that Xuan umbrella should know some of her identity. She wouldn't dare to do so!

"Is this an order from your general or a personal order from you!"

Wang Xian turned his head abruptly and stared coldly at Yong Xingping!

"What's wrong, Kid? You still dare to resist. Do you know what happens if you resist us? If you know what's good for you, Bring Your Battle Pets and follow us. Otherwise, you will suffer in the future!"

The soldier suddenly stretched out his hand and patted Wang Xian's shoulder heavily as he spoke in a cold tone!

"Is this the morality of the frontline soldiers of the mysterious Sky?"

Wang Xian's eyes turned cold as he stared at the middle-aged man coldly!

"Shut up. Don't court death. Leave immediately!"

The middle-aged man's face turned cold when he heard his words as he shouted sternly!

Killing intent appeared in Wang Xian's eyes. This fellow was too arrogant!

How dare he be so arrogant to a level two eternal Lord!

"You're the one who's courting death!"

Wang Xian moved his arm and a deathly silent energy covered the middle-aged man directly!

At the same time, he used soul capture directly!