Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2305: 2305, I helped Xuan Tian clean up the trash

"Bang!"

A terrifying force landed on the middle-aged soldier. He didn't even have time to react before the destructive force penetrated his body!

At the same time, the middle-aged man was in a trance. His eyes were filled with fear!

He never expected that Wang Xian would dare to kill him directly!

He listened to the commander's orders and deliberately provoked the other party so that he would be wanted immediately if he escaped!

However, he never expected that the other party would dare to kill him!

He was a soldier of the Xuan Heaven Domain. Killing him was equivalent to making an enemy of the entire Xuan Heaven Domain!

"Stop!"

On the opposite side, commander Li and Yong Xingping's expressions changed drastically when they sensed the power that Wang Xian had unleashed!

This fellow actually wanted to kill his subordinates!

If a soldier was really killed by him, they would definitely be punished for taking the initiative to come here to recruit war pets!

Their expressions changed drastically as they let out a furious roar!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and kept the absent-minded middle-aged man into the mother nest!

"You're courting death! How dare you kill our soldiers? You're courting death!"

Yong Xingping's eyes were about to split open when he saw this scene. A violent aura surged out from his body and locked onto Wang Xian completely!

Commander Li, who was standing at the side, also had a gloomy expression and was filled with fury!

In an instant, the surroundings were enveloped by a terrifying energy!

At the Law Enforcement Department of the Sky Sea Island, the expression on his face changed drastically when he sensed this violent aura. He quickly flew over!

"HMPH, how dare you call yourselves Xuan Tian's soldiers? You are a bunch of trash. You still dare to commandeer the battle pets even though you didn't manage to buy them. If you wanted to commandeer them, you would have already commandeered them this morning. Why are you still here?"

"Today, I will help Xuan Tian clean up this bunch of trash!"

When Wang Xian sensed their violent killing intent, a violent aura surged out from his body!

The dragon's might spread out in all directions without any restraint!

When the surrounding soldiers saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly!

They didn't expect the other party to dare to resist. This was simply courting death!

"All soldiers, capture him!"

Commander Li Roared!

"Yes!"

A cold killing intent appeared in the eyes of more than a thousand soldiers!

This wasn't the first time they were facing a powerhouse of this level. As they were in charge of the frontlines, they had strong combat experience!

A group of weaklings were scattered around. They would attack at the same time. Even if they could not cause any injuries to the enemy, they could still interfere with the battle!

"They are fighting!"

"Hiss, the boss of the Dragon Palace battle pet is fighting with the mysterious Sky Frontline Warriors!"

"The boss of the Dragon Palace battle pet seems to have killed a soldier. This..."

Everyone who was watching the battle from the side looked at the sudden outbreak of the battle in shock!

Some of the weaker ones hurriedly retreated!

The soaring aura was exceptionally eye-catching across the entire Tianhai Island!

"This is bad!"

The expressions of the experts who were guarding the Tianhai Island also changed slightly. They immediately flew over!

"You are aiding the villain in his evil deeds. Don't blame me for killing all of you!"

Wang Xian saw a group of warriors surrounding him. More than ten experts who had mastered one, two, or even three laws were locked onto him in all directions. A cold killing intent could be seen on their faces!

"Follow us back to the front line to receive your punishment immediately. Otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite!"

Yong Xingping stared at Wang Xian and roared with a ferocious expression!

"Kill! A Beast Tamer. We are not afraid of you. We will definitely kill you to avenge the Vice Commander!"

Beside him, an expert at the first level of the Eternal Lord roared coldly!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

All the Warriors roared at Wang Xian. A cold murderous aura surged towards him!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled sinisterly. "Since you want to die, I will grant your wish!"

Buzz, Buzz, Buzz

The formation was activated!

Wang Xian's body trembled. The formations in the shop rose one by one!

As Wang Xian's pet shop, he naturally had to take some precautions. He had set up five formations in the shop!

Two for defense, one for attack, one for illusion, and one for disturbing the air with a black hole!

Four formations to prevent accidents!

He did not expect that they would be used to deal with the soldiers at the front line of the mysterious sky!

The moment the formation was activated, it instantly covered a radius of ten kilometers!

The surrounding buildings were like bubbles, and most of them collapsed as they retreated backward!

A battlefield with a radius of ten kilometers appeared!

Looking from the outside, a majestic energy enveloped this place!

Inside the formation, black holes were floating, emitting a heart-palpitating power!

The pupils of all the soldiers who were enveloped by the formation narrowed slightly, and a shocked expression appeared on their faces!

Yong Xingping and commander Li's expressions also changed greatly, as they solemnly sized up their surroundings!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In the next moment, the attack array was activated, and it directly attacked the entire space!

"Oh no, an eternal God lord rank 5 array formation, make a move to block it!"

Yong Xingping and commander Li's faces were filled with shock as they shouted out sternly!

The array formation covered an area of ten kilometers. If they did not block it, all of their subordinates would die!

"Roar!"

At this moment, terrifying roars were heard. A radius of ten kilometers was very small for an expert of this level!

However, when Wang Xian set up the formation, it was impossible for it to cover a radius of more than a thousand kilometers. The only thing he could do was to narrow the area!

As the roars were heard, battle pets appeared in the formation one after another!

Led by the ice drill crocodile, which was a level five eternal lord, one was a level four eternal lord and one was a level three eternal Lord!

At the back, there were 95 Northern Howling Sky Wolves!

The terrifying aura caused the entire space to freeze!

"Not good, he really dares to kill us. Run, break the formation and run!"

At this moment, commander Yong Xing and commander Li were completely flustered!

They never expected that the other party would want to kill them all!

Furthermore, Wang Xian's strength had completely exceeded their expectations!

Why did a formation suddenly appear?

Furthermore, it was such a terrifying formation!

According to their plan, even if the other party dared to resist, a Beast Tamer and an eternal lord level five ice drill crocodile would be able to easily suppress the other party since the Beast Tamer's combat strength was weak!

Even if they knew that he had other battle pets, they still had the confidence to suppress him!

However, the array formation that the other party had unleashed made their hearts palpitate with fear!

"Oh no, commander, I can't go back. I Can't go back to my eternal divine kingdom!"

At this moment, an eternal god Lord Rank 1 soldier suddenly shouted out in fear!

When he saw so many battle pets just now, he was so terrified that he was ready to escape at any time!

However, he sensed that the energy around him was tearing, and he couldn't return to his eternal divine kingdom!

This made him panic instantly!

"What?"

Yong Xingping and commander Li's faces also changed drastically, and a trace of fear appeared in the depths of their eyes!

"Don't be afraid, the movement here will be spread very quickly. There are seven or eight law masters on the Sky Sea Island!"

Yong Xingping's expression was savage as he roared at everyone!

"Break the formation. Otherwise, we will be finished. You will defend against these war pets!"

Yong Xingping and commander Li looked at each other and roared!

"Alright!"

Commander Li nodded as a terrifying bloody aura erupted from his body!Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com