Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2306: 2306, battle and breakthrough

"Hold on, wait for the Lord outside to save us!"

Yong Xingping and commander Li roared with all their might!

One of them desperately resisted the ice drill crocodile and the other desperately attacked the surrounding formation!

"Damn it!"

Commander Li's face was extremely ferocious, and his eyes were full of blood. When they came, they never expected this outcome!

The other party killed their soldiers without any restraint and even trapped and killed them!

"For today's matter, I will definitely kill you!"

He looked at Wang Xian with an extremely ferocious expression. His blood-red eyes swept across Wang Xian who was behind him!

Today's hatred, today's hatred. Only by killing him would he be able to vent his hatred!

"Ah!"

He let out a wild roar. He was fighting against more than a hundred war pets by himself. Even he could only hold on for a few minutes!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Yong Xingping was desperately attacking the formation at the side. Now, they could only escape by breaking the formation!

"HMPH!"

Wang Xian stared at all of them. His eyes were filled with coldness. His gaze swept across the group of eternal lord-level powerhouses!

He had heard clearly what Yong Xingping and commander Li said. There were powerhouses on the Sky Sea Island. They would definitely help them when they broke the formation later!

After all, they were soldiers at the front line!

"Since that's the case, let's increase our strength!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling. He waved his arm and grabbed at the two soldiers at the first level of the Eternal Lord!

"Commander, Save Us!"

Seeing Wang Xian making a move, the two soldiers at the first level of the Eternal Lord Roared in fear!

"Stop! If you dare to kill my men, our soldiers at the front line of the mysterious Sky will definitely not let you off!"

Yong Xingping turned his head to look. His face was filled with frost as he shouted sternly!

"Bang!"

However, Wang Xian did not pay any attention to their roars!

Two streams of energy wrapped around their bodies and pulled them over!

With their strength, it was impossible for them to resist Wang Xian!

Buzz

Wang Xian stared at the two of them. With a wave of his arm, a terrifying aura surged into their minds!

At the same time, he unleashed soul capture!

Buzz

The two of them were stunned. Wang Xian thought of something and released an expert who was hiding in the mother nest!

The three of them stood there. Behind them, their eternal kingdom slowly emerged!

"Wood, wind, and light!"

The Eternal Kingdom with three attributes appeared behind them. Before it was completely solemn, the Phantom image of the Dragon Palace appeared behind Wang Xian!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The virtual image of the Dragon Palace directly devoured the three eternal divine kingdoms!

At the same time, in the boundless sea of the boundless Starfield!

The Dragon Palace, which was suppressing the entire boundless starfield, suddenly trembled!

"The level of the Dragon Palace is increasing. All members of the Dragon Palace, fly out immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately said to all the members of the Dragon Palace. His eyes were filled with fervor!

"Dragon King, it's time to step into the Eternal Divine Lord Realm!"

He murmured, his eyes full of excitement!

"The Dragon King is invincible!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace knelt down and worshipped him piously!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, the Dragon Palace directly rose into the sky, and an incomparably vast energy spread out in all directions!

At this moment, everyone within a radius of ten billion kilometers could sense the vast dragon palace in the sky!

Especially the aquatic creatures and humans near the boundless sea. They looked up in a daze, filled with awe!

The Dragon Palace that was over 1,000 kilometers in diameter began to expand rapidly. The ocean-pacifying needle emitted golden light, as if it could stir up the entire boundless sea!

Finally, the Dragon Palace slowly expanded to a radius of 5,000 kilometers, emitting a vast divine light!

All the members of the Dragon Palace could sense the vastness and power of the Dragon Palace!

Buzz

Dragon Palace: Level 7

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (Eternal God Lord Level 1 Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon)

Buildings:

Dragon King Palace: Level 7(increases the dragon King's cultivation speed and recovery speed by 384 times)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 7(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon, origin: 254)

Dragon Gate: Level 7(a fish can only become a dragon if it leaps over the dragon gate, effective against creatures below undying Emperor!)

Ocean pacifying needle: Level 7(pillar of the Dragon Palace, pacifying 8,000 km of the Dragon Palace, increasing 1,000% of the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!)

Dragon Cave: Level 7(with a million dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will increase by 256 times!) Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Dragon Field: Level 7(martial arts practice in the Dragon Field, increasing comprehension by 128 times!)

Dragon Array: Level 7(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, wormhole, detection, Attack!)

Spiritual items:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return the soul of creatures below Eternal Lord Level!)(activate the spiritual intelligence of Creatures!)(increases the speed of fire attribute cultivators by 400% ! increases the speed of wood attribute cultivators by 400% , and lightning attribute cultivators by 400% !)

Annex: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon species.

Current dragon species: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, Strange Demon, Light Thorn, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster, Starwood Dragon species, fire phoenix dragon species...

Special buildings:

Dragon Nest: Dragon of devouring (None)

Dragon of devouring: energy consumption can be used to create its own insect-like species. The queen insect feeds on various metal materials!

The upgrade of the Dragon Palace gave off an invincible aura!

The attributes of the level seven Dragon Palace appeared in Wang Xian's mind. A smile appeared on his face!

At the same time, within the formation, with the upgrade of the Dragon Palace, he naturally advanced to the realm of the Eternal Lord!

Around him, a seven-colored divine dragon appeared and circled around his body!

"Roar!"

The seven-colored divine dragon suddenly shot out a terrifying radiance. It raised its head and let out a roar!

"Roar! Roar!"

With a roar, everyone in the formation and all the war pets trembled. They raised their heads and looked at Wang Xian. Their hearts trembled violently!

The entire space suddenly fell silent. Everyone stopped what they were doing!

"What kind of power is this?"

Yong Xingping and commander Li's eyes were filled with fear!

Under their senses, Wang Xian's strength seemed to have increased by a lot in an instant!

His aura just now was at most on par with theirs. Now, it was much higher!

It was almost comparable to the Lord God who had mastered seven laws!

"What kind of Roar is this?"

At this moment, the divine dragon that was coiled around Wang Xian's body let out a dragon roar and penetrated the formation that he had set up!

When everyone outside heard this roar, their faces changed drastically. Their faces were filled with fear!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, more than 20 eternal lord level powerhouses were hovering above the formation. A hint of solemnity flashed across the eyes of the old man in the lead!

The Roar from within actually made him feel a powerful threat!

"What exactly happened?"

The old man looked down warily. He had been prepared to attack directly, but now he was afraid!