Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2307: 2307 fought and broke through

"Island Master, the one fighting inside the array formation is the boss of the Dragon Palace's battle pets and the thousands of soldiers on the front line!"

"It seems that the soldiers on the front line came to commandeer all the battle pets of the Dragon Palace just now. The Boss didn't agree and the battle broke out immediately!"

Around the array formation, a middle-aged man who understood the situation flew to the sky and reported to the island master of the sky-sea Island!

"Soldiers at the front line? Requisition War Pets!"

The old man of the island lord was slightly shocked, and a trace of astonishment appeared on his face!

While he was shocked, his face was also a bit solemn!

"These formations were set up by a group of soldiers?"

The island Lord continued to ask!

"It seems... Not!"

The middle-aged man was a bit uncertain, "It should be the formation set up by the boss. I didn't see a group of soldiers set up the formation!"

"This is bad!"

The island Lord's expression changed slightly when he heard his words. He stared at the middle-aged man and immediately asked, "Are there any generals among the soldiers?"

Those who could become generals were mostly those who had mastered six or more laws. The rest who wanted to become generals would have to earn great military merits!

"No, there are two commanders leading the team!"

The middle-aged man shook his head with certainty. Everyone knew very well that two commanders were leading the team!

"Everyone, Retreat!"

After hearing that, the island owner's face darkened. A formation compass appeared in his hand!

The Roar from the two commanders was the Dragon Palace's pet owner!

With such a terrifying roar, all the frontline soldiers would be killed!

"Phew!"

At the same time, Wang Xian, who was inside the formation, sensed the increase in his strength. A smile appeared on his face!

The nine wisps of divine fire had reached the first level of the Eternal Lord. This was a qualitative improvement for him!

The current him could fight against the Eternal Lord who had mastered seven laws!

Wang Xian took a glance at everything inside the formation. Commander Li was still desperately fighting against the battle pets!

He reckoned that he would be killed in no time!

Yong Xingping was attacking the formation. However, there were two defensive formations inside. If he wanted to break them, he would need at least another minute!

"The divine pills are not completely settled yet. I'm still a little lacking if I want to upgrade them!"

Wang Xian looked at the remaining pills and a smile appeared on his face!

There was still half of the deposit from Fu Guo that he had yet to pay. After paying, he would be able to upgrade them again!

At that time, he, who was at level two of the Eternal Lord, would be able to fight against the Lord God who had mastered eight laws!

However, he was strong enough now!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal God Lord Level One (sixth form of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 1/10

Supernatural ability: ruling over the water tribe (ruling over the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract the origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit attachment, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 1)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 7.

Members of Dragon Palace: 165633

"The sixth transformation of the Divine Dragon Transformation, grasping the laws of seven attributes. Energy has become the power of origin!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile as he looked at the field in front of him!

Crack! Crack! Crack

"Huh?"

All of a sudden, Wang Xian raised his head and saw that the sky above the formation was beginning to crack!

An even more powerful energy was attacking the formation that he had set up!

"There's an expert attacking!"

He raised his eyebrows slightly. He sensed the opponent's strength and realized that the opponent was stronger than him!

It was possible that the other party was an eternal God lord rank 7 array master. After setting up the array, he could contend against an eternal god Lord rank 8 expert!

"There are experts outside! There are experts outside attacking. We Are Saved!"

Some of the soldiers saw the array slowly collapse. Their faces revealed a look of survival, and their faces were full of excitement!

"Sir Outside, kill him, kill him!"

A shrill and cold roar came out from Commander Li's mouth. He hurriedly dodged the attacks of the war pets one by one. His entire body was in a sorry state as he roared ferociously!

When he saw that the formation was broken, he hurriedly fled outside!

"Sir, kill him!"

Yong Xingping roared ferociously with the same murderous aura!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In the next moment, more than a hundred war pets of the level of the Eternal Lord let out a cold roar in unison!

Wang Xian moved his body and stood on the body of the ice drill alligator at the front. His eyes were filled with coldness!

The formation dissipated and everyone saw the scene inside!

Nearly a thousand soldiers fled outside as if they were running for their lives. Their cold and shrill voices reverberated throughout the entire Sky Sea Island!

However, this was not the most shocking part. What was shocking was that there were more than a hundred battle pets in the middle!

The two-thousand-meter-long ice drill alligator was floating in the center, emitting a cold aura!

Behind them, ninety-five Northern Howling Sky Wolves were lined up in a row, their auras making People's Hearts palpitate!

Just this scene alone had shocked the entire Sky Sea Island!

"These are... so many war pets, oh my God, this, this, this..."

"Is this the Dragon Palace War Pet? An extremely terrifying Dragon Palace War Pet, this war pet is too heaven-defying!"

More than a hundred war pets were equivalent to more than a hundred experts at the level of the Eternal Lord!

Such strength made everyone's heart palpitate!

In front of these hundred war pets, the thousands of soldiers could not be compared at all!

"How dare you guys come to the Dragon Palace to recruit war pets? Who gave you the courage? Hehe!"

Wang Xian glanced at all of them with a face full of mockery!

"You're dead for killing the soldiers at the front line of Blackwater. You're dead for sure!"

Yong Xingping stared at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression and roared with killing intent!

"Sir, kill him, kill him!"

He roared and looked at the island owner beside him!

"I'm a teacher of the mysterious Sky Academy. How dare you come here to forcefully recruit my war pets? Who gave you the Order?"

"You still want to kill me? Everyone involved in today's matter must die!"

Wang Xian revealed a hint of brutality on his face. He moved his body and instantly charged towards Yong Xingping!

"Everyone, Stop!"

When the island owner saw this scene, he frowned slightly when he heard Wang Xian's words! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

A frontline commander and a teacher of the mysterious Sky Academy. Both of them were core experts of the mysterious Sky Territory!

However, the frontline actually came to commandeer the battle beasts of the Dragon Palace's war pets. Did they need to send experts over directly?

They were all core experts of the mysterious sky territory. Couldn't they just give the order directly?

Then, why did they cause such a huge commotion and even lost a life?

Was it a game between the experts?

The island owner felt a headache. He swept his gaze across the artificial intelligence. After confirming Wang Xian's identity, he didn't know which side he should help!

"Die!"

Wang Xian ignored the island owner's words. He moved his body and charged directly at Yong Xingping and commander Li!

The terrifying aura caused their expressions to change drastically!

When the island owner saw that Wang Xian was ignoring him, his face turned black. He moved his arm and prepared to set up a formation!

"Roar!"

However, at this moment, the war pets roared in unison and flew to the front of the island owner. Their roars shook the world!

"All the war pets have been bought by the powerhouses of the royal family of the Federation. If there are any casualties, you will be responsible!"

Wang Xian said and continued to attack Yong Xingping and commander Li!

The island Lord's face darkened. Yong Xingping and commander Li's faces changed drastically, and their hearts pounded violently!