Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2308: 2308 charged to the front line

"Bind!"

The island Lord's expression was extremely ugly. He was naturally very clear about the Dragon Palace's battle pets!

He was also clear about the arrival of the experts from the sword domain, the front line, the land of battle techniques, and the Federation!

However, he did not expect such a thing to happen!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

With a light shout, the water ropes directly wrapped around all the battle pets. With his strength, he could still suppress all the battle pets!

"Protect!"

Following that, he waved his arm again and a powerful defensive formation was formed. The formation surrounded nearly a thousand warriors who had yet to reach the eternal Lord Realm!

Then, he stood there and did not move!

As for Wang Xian attacking the two commanders, he did not interfere either!

If you can't beat him, you can escape. If he protects you before you reach the Lord Realm, it will be an explanation to the generals at the front line!

As for the experts of the Eternal Lord, it has nothing to do with me if I don't run away and die!

"Damn it, damn it. Just you wait, just you wait!"

When commander Li saw Wang Xian charging over, his face was filled with malevolence. However, he didn't dare to fight him. His figure flickered slightly!

Buzz

Commander Li's figure disappeared, followed by Yong Xingping!

"Let's Go!"

The rest of the experts who had reached the level of eternal lord did not dare to hesitate and left in an instant!

Gulp

The warriors who were protected by the formation could not help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. Their faces were extremely pale!

They looked at Wang Xian who was in front of them. Their eyes were filled with fear!

"Escape?"

Wang Xian stared at the spot where they had disappeared. His eyes were filled with frost!

He swept his gaze around and saw the captive battle pets and the soldiers who were being protected!

"You can't kill ordinary soldiers. I have already reported this matter to the front line and the Lords of the Xuantian Academy!"

When the island owner saw Wang Xian's gaze, he reminded him coldly!

"I know. I will only kill the two commanders. Release the Battle Pets!"

Wang Xian said to him!

The island owner took a glance and released all the war pets with a wave of his arm!

"Roar! Roar!"

The war pets let out a low roar and flew toward Wang Xian!

"Let's go to the front line!"

Wang Xian's figure moved and landed on the ice drill crocodile. He pointed at the defense line at the front line and flew away immediately!

"To the front line? What is he doing?"

The island owner's expression changed. The surrounding experts were also dumbfounded!

The owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet was standing on top of the war pet and aggressively flying toward the front line. was he going to chase them to the front line?

This was too fierce!

What kind of place was the front line? It was the battlefield of the dark sky domain against the sea monsters, and it was where many experts gathered!

There were more than ten peak eternal God lords there, not to mention experts who had mastered seven or eight laws!

It was a little heaven-defying to see the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet charging straight at them!

The island Lord's eyes widened slightly, and a speechless expression appeared on his face!

This matter couldn't be blown up, right? After all, the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet was also a teacher of the mysterious Sky Academy!

"Forget it, I'll inform the mysterious Sky Academy and the frontline general about this matter. I won't bother with it anymore!"

The island Lord looked at the damaged area below and immediately beckoned for someone to deal with it. At the same time, he sent this news to the Academy and the frontline!

"Those two D * MNED fellows. I must kill them no matter what!"

At this moment, Wang Xian was standing on the ice drill alligator. His eyes were filled with cold killing intent!

The two of them charged straight at him. Even if he didn't make a move, the other party would still attack him. He wouldn't let such a person off!

Even if the other party was the commander of the front line, he would still die if he provoked him!

"Sky Formation, my strength has increased. Do you have any powerful curses?"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and immediately asked the god Emperor of Sky Formation!

"Yes, you are really powerful. You are able to fight against a god Lord with seven laws even though you have just stepped into the Eternal Lord Realm!"

At this moment, the god Emperor of Sky Formation, who had sensed Wang Xian's strength, was full of astonishment!

It had only been a short while, but Wang Xian already possessed such terrifying combat strength. If he was given a few years, wouldn't he be able to reach the divine emperor realm?

When that time came, there was hope for him to be resurrected!

"The Curse of the Eternal Lord is at level six. Thousands of shadows surround him. This curse can kill people. The Curse of the Eternal Lord is at level five. Without the help of experts, he will almost certainly die!"

As the God of Heaven's formation spoke, he started to imitate Wang Xian!

"Stop!"

Wang Xian ordered his battle pets. He immediately calmed down and learned the thousand shadows surrounding curse!

It would take a long time to learn an array formation. Fortunately, Wang Xian had the guidance of the God of Heaven's formation!

Even if he couldn't master it, it was enough as long as he could use it!

It took a full ten minutes. Under the guidance of the God of Heaven's formation, Wang Xian managed to carve two thousand shadows surrounding curse arrays!

Each formation took him a few minutes!

If this was a battle, he would have been killed long ago!

Wang Xian had already collected the blood essence of the two of them during the battle earlier and started to cast the curse!

"Our Academy's teachers are fighting with the soldiers at the front line? And now they are rushing to the front line?"

At this moment, on a tower in the middle of the Xuantian Academy, a director who was responsible for the affairs of teachers received this message with a stunned expression!

"This teacher seems to be... ?"

Looking at the information sent by the island owner of the Tianhai Island, he felt that it was somewhat familiar. He frowned slightly!

"Teacher Wang Xian from the formation court. That's right, it's him!"

The old man recalled the incident that happened in the academy yesterday. Although he wasn't involved in it, he still had some understanding of it!

"It's him again!"

Her brows were tightly knitted. She immediately contacted director Jin from the formation court and contacted a few vice principals! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The teacher of the Academy had engaged in a battle with the frontline commander, and a life had even been lost. This was a huge matter!

In less than a minute, figures appeared in the office one after another!

The old man displayed the information and turned his gaze to Dean Jin!

"This..."

The faces of Dean Jin, the Vice School Heads of the Beast Tamer School, and the others were slightly embarrassed!

"Causing trouble again?"

A bitter expression appeared on the Vice School Head of the Beast Tamer School!

"To actually dare to fight with the frontline soldiers, regardless of whether it is right or wrong, such a teacher must be severely punished. Not to mention, he even killed someone!"

An old man said with a solemn expression!

"The frontline soldiers are not under the responsibility of the law enforcement department. If someone kills the frontline commander, the frontline generals will definitely kill him!"

An old woman beside him raised her eyebrows!

When the frontline soldiers fought with the sea monsters, a large number of people died every day!

In the mysterious sky territory, the frontline soldiers had great authority. If a soldier made a mistake, they could only hand it over to the frontline for punishment. The Law Enforcement Department of the mysterious sky territory was not qualified to enforce the law on the frontline!

Now that someone dared to kill the frontline soldiers and chase after the frontline commanders, the frontline generals would definitely kill them!

Even if the other party was a teacher of the Xuantian Academy!

"Let's go to the front line immediately. Don't let the matter blow up!"

Director Jin said with an embarrassed expression!

"We're going there?"

A vice-principal looked at him in puzzlement!

"I'll inform the principal now. Let's go there first. We can't let the people at the front line hurt Wang Xian!"

Director Jin rubbed his brows and said immediately!