Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2309: 2309 had arrived at the frontlines

"Un?"

Upon hearing director Jin's words, the faces of the eight or nine people around them revealed a stunned expression!

"Inform the principal, is there a need to inform the principal about such a small matter? The principal is so busy, we..."

A vice principal raised his eyebrows slightly!

Only the formation school and Beast Tamer School knew about yesterday's incident. No one else knew about it!

"Yesterday, the parents of the students were suppressed, and two of the top students of the Beast Tamer School were killed. It was this teacher who did it!"

"The principal said that we should just kill him!"

The Vice Principal of the Beast Tamer School said softly as he looked at director Jin beside him!

"What?"

The crowd was stunned as their gazes fell on director Jin!

"He was sent here by the principal, and the principal pays close attention to him. I'm not too sure about the exact situation either. The last time he killed someone, it was also the principal who said so. So Be it!"

Seeing them looking at her, director Jin said bitterly!

She didn't think that this fellow would be able to cause so much trouble. Just yesterday, he had killed the parents of a student and two prodigies, and today, he had killed the commander of the frontlines!

This...

"Maybe he knows that even if he kills him, the Dean will not say anything. He might even protect him!"

Director Jin thought to himself!

"Then let's go over immediately. The generals at the front line are all more hot-tempered than the last one!"

A Deputy Dean said immediately!

"Let's go. Let's inform the generals at the front line first. We'll go over immediately!"

Everyone nodded and flew towards the teleportation formation immediately!

Since this matter involved the dean, they didn't dare to slack off at all!

However, what surprised them was that Wang Xian was actually the boss of the Dragon Palace's War Pet!

Then, wasn't he also a Beast Tamer Master?

Even if he was a powerful array master, he was also a Beast Tamer Master?

His talent was too heaven-defying!

Perhaps, this was also the reason why their Dean valued that young man!

When the experts of the mysterious Sky Academy rushed to the front line, they were located in an area covered by a huge array at the front line!

This huge array was covered by an extremely powerful array, and the nomological powers were emitting terrifying undulations!

This was a sky-reaching array personally set up by the mysterious sky territory's son of God Xuan Tianzi!

The huge array was created for the Eternal God lords, and almost all of the Eternal God Lords'Eternal Divine Kingdoms were here!

At this moment, two figures flew out of the formation. They looked at each other with extremely ugly expressions and landed in a huge command room at the front line!

"They dared to kill us and our subordinates. We must avenge them. We must cut them into a thousand pieces!"

Yong Xingping growled at commander Li with a ferocious expression!

"We will report to the general and kill them, but we..."

Commander Li's expression was ferocious, and it kept changing!

The other party had killed his subordinates, and the front line would punish him, but they would also be punished!

"Even if it's a heavy punishment, even if it's a demotion, we have to kill him!"

Yong Xingping clenched his fists and roared coldly!

"Come, let's go in!"

The two took a deep breath, bowed, and walked inside!

"General Xuan, you must stand up for us!"

The two of them walked inside with a bow and an aggrieved look on their faces!

However, as soon as they entered, they felt that the atmosphere was not right!

Inside, four or five generals were sitting there. When they saw them coming, their eyes showed a cold look!

"Island Lord song has already told us about the Tianhai Island. Who gave you the order to commandeer the Dragon Palace's War Pets?"

A general on the left shouted with an extremely embarrassed expression!

"General, we admit this crime. However, the Dragon Palace's War Pets Shop was originally in our mysterious sky territory. They didn't sell the war pets to US first and instead sold them to others. I Can't take this lying down!"

"We originally wanted to bring him here, but we didn't expect him to directly attack and kill our soldiers on the front line!"

Commander Li immediately knelt on the ground and said with a face full of embarrassment!

Yong Xingping also hurriedly knelt down and lowered his head!

"HMPH, you made the decision on your own accord, so there will naturally be punishment. However, that mysterious Sky Academy teacher dared to kill our frontline soldiers, he must be tired of living!"

"Our soldiers can only die on the battlefield, they can't die anywhere else!"

A general roared with a face full of awe!

When Yong Xingping and commander Li heard the general's words, a trace of malevolence flashed across their faces!

Even if they were to be punished, that fellow had to die!

Since the general had spoken, no one could save him!

"Ah Ah!"

At this moment, the bodies of the two men suddenly trembled. A shadow suddenly rushed out from their bodies. The Shadow looked strange and bloody, and it directly charged towards them!

The eyes of the two people who had not reacted showed confusion and fear!

The intense pain on their bodies and the huge wound on their chest made them extremely panicked!

"Eh?"

In front, the five generals who were sitting on the chairs were slightly shocked when they saw the shadow that suddenly appeared from their bodies!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, two more shadows rushed out from their bodies, and with the bloody and strange smell, they attacked them again!

"Ah Ah!"

"Ah Ah!"

The Shadows seemed to have no physical body and once again left large wounds on their bodies!

This time, a trace of fear appeared in their eyes!

What was this thing!

"Buzz!"

A third shadow appeared and attacked them once again just like before!

This time, the two of them hurriedly dodged to the side!

"Peng!"

In the room, a general made a move and directly bound the Black Shadow!

"This is?"

A general stood up doubtfully and sized up the Black Shadow!

However, things were not so simple. Another black shadow appeared from their bodies and directly attacked them!

The five generals raised their eyebrows and waved their arms again!

A general waved his energy and wrapped the bodies of the two of them to check!

"Buzz!"

Even though there was energy wrapped around them, a black shadow appeared from their bodies again and attacked them!

At this moment, Yong Xingping and commander Li's faces were filled with fear. What was going on?

Why was there a black shadow coming out from their bodies to attack them?

If it wasn't for the generals, they might have been killed by the Black Shadow! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It's a curse. Only a curse array can attack in such a strange way!"

A general said with a solemn expression!

A curse array!

The other generals were slightly shocked!

"This curse array can kill two people. It seems that the other party wants to kill them!"

The eyes of the general who spoke flashed with an icy cold light!

"It's the boss of the Dragon Palace's battle pets. It's definitely him. It's definitely him. General, Save Us!"

When the two of them heard the general's words, they immediately cried out for help. At this moment, their faces were incomparably pale!

"He killed our frontline soldiers and now he wants to kill two of our commanders. He's courting death. Immediately send people to punish him!"

A general roared with a face full of killing intent!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Just as he finished speaking, roars that shook the sky were transmitted over!

This roar, full of unbridled!