Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2310: 2310 should be the second generation

At the back of the Blackwater front line, Wang Xian was standing on the ice drill alligator. Behind him, there were more than 100 sea monsters of the level of the Eternal Lord!

He looked at the Blackwater front line military camp which was more than 10,000 kilometers in front of him. His eyes were flashing with a cold look!

The roars of the battle pets shook the world!

In front of him, Wang Xian could feel the energy that was filled with palpitations. There were at least 100 people who were stronger than him in the entire Blackwater front line! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

However, he still barged in unscrupulously!

His biggest trump card was not Xuan Tianzi, but the fact that he had advanced to the level of the Eternal Divine Lord. With his current strength, it would be very difficult to kill him without the immortal king and the formation to trap him!

At most, he could make a big fuss today and escape back to the Dragon Palace in the boundless sea with his tail between his legs. At the same time, he could also go back and visit Shu Qing and the rest!

The next time he went back, Wang Xian would call Xuan tianzi over to take revenge!

"Commander Yong, commander Li, Get Out Here!"

Wang Xian stared at the entire front line military camp. With a loud roar, it spread across an area of more than 10,000 kilometers!

"He's here. He actually dared to chase after us. General, kill him, kill him!"

At this moment, in the command room, Yong Xingping and commander Li stood there with pale faces. When they heard the roar of their battle pets and heard this voice, they shouted at the five generals with a face full of killing intent!

"You're courting death, how dare you barge into our blackwater frontlines. Today, I will chop him into pieces!"

A burly general's face revealed a thick murderous intent as he flew out!

The other four generals also flew out with gloomy faces!

The A.I. on one of the generals'arms flickered, but at this moment, he did not open it to check the information!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Who dares to cause trouble at the front line of Blackwater? Are they courting death?"

"HMPH, they dare to barge into our front line and cause a ruckus here. They are unforgivable!"

When the five generals flew out, the entire front line was also attracted by the roar of the war pet and the arrogant roar of Wang Xian!

In an instant, more than 1,000 eternal lord experts flew out. In the entire Xuan Heaven Domain, the front line had the most experts!

Among the 1,000 Eternal God lords, there were many experts who had mastered five or six laws or more. They looked behind them and charged towards Wang Xian with a terrifying aura!

"Roar! Roar!"

Faced with so many experts, the group of War Pets also let out a low roar!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, an even more majestic figure flew towards the front. Generals were floating in the sky!

In just a minute, more than ten generals were staring at Wang Xian coldly!

"You are the boss of the Dragon Palace's war pets, the sinner who killed our soldiers?"

The five generals who flew over had murderous looks on their faces as they stared at Wang Xian furiously!

"Sinner? Hehe, I came here to ask who ordered commander Yong and commander Li to lead the soldiers to my Dragon Palace's War Pets to commandeer the pets?"

"If you can't buy a pet, you can just take your men and rob it. Is This What You Blackwater frontline people do?"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the more than 1,000 eternal divine lords and landed on a few generals. He questioned in disdain!

"No matter what, those who dare to kill our frontline soldiers will have to pay the price!"

A general in the middle said with a grim expression!

"Haha, what a joke. Others are coming to snatch my things, yet I'm not retaliating. Are You Blackwater frontline people all bandits?"

Wang Xian laughed out loud and roared with a face full of sarcasm!

"Impudent!"

"Impudent! Kill him!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, numerous strong men charged at Wang Xian with terrifying auras!

Some generals were even prepared to make a move!

"Kill him, kill him!"

At this moment, Yong Xingping and commander Li flew over as well. They stared at Wang Xian with eyes filled with fury and malevolence!

This fellow actually dared to come to the front line of Blackwater. He was here to court death!

"Wang Xian, what are you doing here?"

At this moment, a blue figure flew over. She stared at Wang Xian in disbelief and flew towards the front!

She stopped in front of a few generals and cupped her hands at them!

"HMM? Little Girl, do you know him?"

One of the generals looked at Xuan umbrella and asked in surprise!

"Great Grandpa, I know him!"

Xuan umbrella nodded and looked at Wang Xian who was standing on an ice drill crocodile with hundreds of war pets following behind him!

"Come here and kill those two guys!"

Wang Xian looked at Xing Xuan umbrella as well. He pointed at Yong Xingping and commander Li indifferently!

"Impudent! You Dare to come and kill us? You Don't put us in your eyes at all. Today, no matter what your identity is, I will definitely kill you!"

An old man holding a walking stick had a furious look on his face. A compass immediately floated above his head!

"Great Grandpa, you can't!"

Seeing this scene, Xuan an 'er hurriedly stopped the old man!

She knew that this guy was the son of the old ancestor's friend, and the old ancestor had personally taken care of him, so she absolutely couldn't kill him!

"Great-grandfather, he has some relationship with our old ancestor!"

Xuan an 'er hurriedly reminded the old man!

"Huh?"

The old man was slightly stunned.

Everyone around was also slightly shocked, and Yong Xingping and commander Li's faces turned pale!

"The soldiers of our Blackwater front line are guarding the front line. Every year, countless deaths and injuries occur. No matter what his identity is, if he dares to kill the soldiers of our Blackwater front line, he will have to pay a heavy price. Suppress him, and I will bear all the consequences!"

The eyes of the old man holding the walking stick flickered. However, very quickly, he raised his walking stick into the air and said coldly as before!

The old man was the third generation descendant of the mysterious Sky clan. In other words, he was the grandson of the mysterious Sky clan and ranked in the top three in the entire mysterious Sky clan!

Some consequences, some things, he could bear, but he also dared to do them!

However, he had some misgivings when he changed the word "Kill"to "Suppress"!

If he had a deep relationship with the patriarch, he wouldn't dare to kill him!

"Suppress him, suppress him!"

Yong Xingping and commander Li mumbled as they clenched their fists tightly!

They had a bad premonition. Even if they were to suppress the other party, they would be severely punished!

When Xuan Umbrella'er heard her great grandfather's decision, she was also slightly silent!

She looked at Wang Xian. This fellow was too arrogant. He was so arrogant that he directly brought over a hundred battle pets and charged over!

This was the front line of the Blackwater region. It was the battlefield where all the experts of the Xuan Heaven region gathered!

There were more than a hundred descendants of the Xuan Heaven region. If you were arrogant, the descendants of the Xuan Heaven Region would dare to punish you. Even if you had a relationship with the patriarch!

"Hmph, I can't kill you this time. I can kill you next time!"

When Wang Xian heard their conversation, his gaze landed on Yong Xingping and commander Li. The killing intent in his eyes was not concealed at all!

"Impudent! Suppress him!"

The old man with a walking stick shouted immediately!

"Yes, General!"

The few generals beside him nodded immediately. A terrifying aura erupted from their bodies!

"Stop! Old Man, Stop!"

At this moment, more than ten figures flew out from the teleportation formation of the front line of the Blackwater Formation!