Chapter 2311: 2311 became the second generation

"Stop, Old Man, Stop!"

A sudden voice sounded, causing the few generals who were about to make a move to be slightly stunned!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the teleportation array, the group of mysterious Sky Academy's upper echelons who were rushing over at high speed erupted with their might at this moment and flew over!

"Xiao Jin, why are you all here!"

The old man with a walking stick waved his hand and looked at the group of xuantian powerhouses who were flying over!

Among more than a dozen people, the weakest one was an eternal lord powerhouse who had mastered nine laws. Two-thirds of the high-ranking officials of the Xuantian Academy had arrived!

Dean Jin's face was filled with helplessness when he saw the battle formation at the front line of the Blackwater Academy!

He looked at Wang Xian who was in front of him. He looked at Wang Xian who was riding on a level-five battle pet of the Eternal Lord. He looked like he was not afraid of the world and was even more speechless!

There were many experts who were stronger than him. He was still so arrogant. It was obvious that he was relying on the patriarch and the Headmaster!

"Old Man, dismiss everyone!"

Director Jin said to him!

The old man who was holding a walking stick looked at the surroundings when he saw them rushing over!

"Do what you have to do. Don't stay here and watch the Show!"

He waved his arm and the thousands of experts around him dispersed immediately!

Before leaving, some of them looked at Wang Xian curiously!

This fellow must have an extraordinary background!

"Teacher Wang, let's forget about this matter!"

Director Jin looked at Wang Xian and said helplessly!

This fellow had killed three people in the academy yesterday. Today, he dared to come to the Blackwater front line to kill people!

This fellow was too arrogant. The Blackheaven Academy and the front line of the Blackwater region had the highest number of experts in the entire Blackheaven Domain!

If he was so arrogant in these two places, wouldn't he be going to heaven in other places?

Of course, she didn't dare to teach Wang Xian a lesson. After all, he was someone whom the Dean had personally given to her. Furthermore, the Dean had personally given the order to kill him yesterday!

"The two of them led the Warriors directly to my shop and asked me to take out all of my battle pets. They even said that they wanted to requisition them. I want to know who gave the Order?"

"It's obvious that the two of them have bad intentions. I Can't keep them alive. If there's someone else who ordered them to do so, I want an explanation as well!"

Wang Xian saw director Jin and the rest coming over and pointed at Yong Xingping and commander Li who were left behind by a general!

"Young man, is it a fact that you killed our frontline soldiers? We must have an explanation for this matter as well!"

When the old man holding a walking stick heard his words, anger appeared on his face as he spoke coldly!

"Killing our Blackwater frontline soldiers in the mysterious sky territory is an unforgivable crime!"

A general also spoke indifferently!

"Hehe, don't talk so much about it. Why would I kill people for no reason? I'm definitely going to kill these two people. If you want an explanation from me, go and look for senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and said indifferently!

He didn't expect that the experts from the mysterious Sky Academy would come. Since they were here, it was time for a showdown. If there was anything to look for Xuan Tianzi, he must be killed!

Today, he would be treated as a good-for-nothing disciple and a second-generation heir!

As Wang Xian spoke, he walked straight towards Yong Xingping and commander Li, completely ignoring the generals around him!

"You..."

The old man holding the walking stick was furious!

"Second Grandpa, we have contacted the Dean. This fellow is a thorn. Yesterday, he killed two students of the Xuantian Academy who offended him and a student's parent. The Dean killed them as he wished!"

The Deputy Dean of the Beast Tamer School transmitted his voice to the old man!

"Huh?"

The old man holding the walking stick was slightly stunned. A hint of surprise flashed across his face!

He was so unscrupulous?

When they were young, they didn't care about being so arrogant!

"You... What are you doing? What are you doing!"

Yong Xingping and commander Li saw that Wang Xian was walking towards them. The generals around them were indifferent and their expressions changed drastically!

At this moment, the two of them were extremely terrified. They didn't expect Wang Xian to have such a background!

He dared to directly contradict the general. The higher-ups of the Xuantian Academy even rushed over for him!

What... What was his identity?

"Who sent you here?"

Wang Xian stared at them and questioned coldly!

"No one sent us here. It was us..."

Yong Xingping looked at Wang Xian with fear. He looked at the general beside him as though he was begging for mercy!

At this moment, the two of them were trembling. Now, they knew that they had gotten themselves into big trouble. This time, they were done for, completely done for!

Even if they didn't die today, they would still be punished severely in the future! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"If they make a mistake, we will punish them with military law at the front line!"

A general said with a gloomy face!

"He caused me to kill a few soldiers. He deserves to die. If I didn't show mercy, those thousand soldiers would have all died!"

"Besides, they offended me. Let Me Do It!"

Wang Xian looked at the general and said calmly!

"We will handle the matter..."

"Soul Catcher!"

"Bang Bang!"

As the general spoke, Wang Xian's mind stirred and he unleashed his soul catcher power!

At a distance of about a hundred meters, Wang Xian launched an attack at such a close distance in an instant. A ball of energy enveloped their bodies!

Before the people around could react, the deathly silent energy enveloped their bodies and obliterated all their auras!

At this moment, the expressions of everyone around changed drastically!

It was especially so for the more than ten generals. Their faces were extremely ugly as they stared at Wang Xian furiously!

The higher-ups of the Xuantian Academy were also having a headache. This... To kill two commanders in front of the generals of the Blackwater frontlines, even if the two of them were in the wrong, they were too arrogant!

The old man holding the walking stick trembled slightly. He held the walking stick tightly in his hand and wanted to make a move. This was not taking them seriously!

It was no less than a public slap in the face!

"Little Xian, I didn't expect your strength to increase so quickly!"

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly appeared out of thin air!

Following that, a figure appeared in front of Wang Xian!

At this moment, Xuan Tianzi was looking at Wang Xian in astonishment!

Wang Xian had only been here for two months. Two months ago, based on his senses, he was at most at level two of the Eternal Lord!

But now, he was able to instantly kill two level five eternal lord experts. The explosive power he unleashed could contend against level seven of the Eternal Lord!

In just two short months, he had risen to level five. This... Xuan tianzi even suspected that he was the reincarnation of Tian Chen!

Even if he wasn't the reincarnation, he didn't know if he had obtained all of Tian Chen's inheritance!

Now, he really had some doubts!

"Grandpa!"

"Great Grandpa!"

"Patriarch!"

"Dean!"

At this moment, all the surrounding experts were slightly shocked when they saw Xuan Tianzi suddenly appear. They hurriedly shouted, and many experts directly knelt on the ground!

This old man in front of them was one of the four great godly monarchs of their Tianze continent. He had single-handedly established the ruler of the mysterious Heaven Domain!

What made them even more shocked was that this ruler had actually made a trip specifically for that young man's matter!

The old man with the scepter in his hand was somewhat suspicious. Did his grandfather have another son outside?