Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2312: The battle between 2312 humans and sea monsters

"Hehe, senior, it's all thanks to the abundance of resources in the Tianze Continent!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw Xuan tianzi rushing over!

His backer had arrived!

"Even I am a little surprised. Little Xian is actually a beast tamer master. Impressive, impressive!"

Xuan tianzi smiled and shook his head. "Initially, I thought it would be safer for you to be their teacher. I didn't expect you to take such a risk. Let's go, let's go down and have a chat!"

"Alright. By the way, senior, I have some use for their eternal kingdom!"

Wang Xian suddenly waved his hand and stored the two corpses into his interspatial ring. Then, he said to Xuan Tianzi!

"Send them to Little Xian later!"

Xuan Tianzi said to the crowd at the side. With a wave of his arm, he flew down with Wang Xian!

"This..."

The crowd was stunned when they saw the patriarch bringing Wang Xian down to a spot below!

The old man who was leaning on his walking stick twitched the corner of his mouth. His grandfather was here, but he didn't say a word to him. Instead, he kept chatting with that young man!

Are you sure that this isn't the illegitimate son of the patriarch?

Otherwise, why would you treat him like this?

"Get Those two fellows'eternal divine kingdom over here. Also, announce to the public that they violated the military order and killed the frontline soldiers. They were killed immediately!"

A general said after a moment of hesitation!

Looking at the attitude of the patriarch, let alone asking for punishment, if the young man was injured, the patriarch might ask for their punishment! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

As for Yong Xingping and commander Li, the two of them would be killed for violating the military order!

"This..."

Xuan umbrella'er looked at the place where the patriarch and Wang Xian had disappeared with a complicated expression!

If the girls from the Xuan Tian descendants could really marry this Wang Xian, they could really become the most honorable people in the entire Xuan Tian Territory!

Also, his strength shocked Xuan Umbrella'er!

Such a young aura, yet he had the strength to be comparable to an eternal God master who had mastered six or seven laws. This was simply monstrous!

"The underground sea is very dangerous. Little Xian, you'd better be careful. Don't go deep into the underground sea!"

In a courtyard at the front line of the Black Water, Xuan Tianzi and Wang Xian sat in front of a table and reminded him!

"Senior, don't worry. I will be careful. The path of the strong is never safe!"

Wang Xian was grateful for Xuan Tianzi's reminder and said with a smile!

"That's true. The path of the strong is filled with danger. Your current strength is completely beyond my expectations. You have the heart to become stronger. I will not stop you!"

Xuan tianzi took a sip of tea and took out a token!

"This is an identity token. Take this token and no one in the entire Tianze continent will make things difficult for you. There is also an array formation inside which is sufficient to withstand an attack from an immortal god King. During this period of time, you will be able to escape!"

As he spoke, he handed a token condensed from the laws to Wang Xian!

"Thank you, Senior!"

Wang Xian did not reject him. He reached out and took the token. This token was equivalent to a life!

"Hehe, there's no need. This thing is nothing compared to the formation you took out!"

Xuan tianzi shook his head!

"That was also given to you by the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation!"

Wang Xian smiled!

"Teacher Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, did he really... Die?"

Xuan Tianzi hesitated for a moment before asking him!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi should know about it within ten years!"

Wang Xian also hesitated for a moment before replying!

Xuan tianzi trembled slightly as excitement flickered in his eyes!

What did he mean by this?

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation didn't die?

"This kid is really confident. He managed to advance to the Celestial Emperor Realm within ten years? and he even helped him reconstruct his body?"

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, who was behind Wang Xian, muttered as he revealed a faint smile on his face!

As long as Wang Xian agreed to help him rebuild his body, he had a 100% chance of resurrecting him, let alone ten years!

After all, this kid had obtained the Divine Dragon's inheritance!

"Dong Dong Dong!"

At this moment, an extremely urgent voice rang out, clearly entering Wang Xian's ears!

"The sea monsters are invading. Running Tiger, roaring sun, Blue Sun, and the Heaven's punishment army are going to battle!"

Following that, a voice rang out!

"Senior, what is this?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as he looked at Xuan Tianzi!

"The sea monsters are invading. This is one of the five frontlines!"

Xuan Tianzi did not show any reaction to this. He had seen this kind of situation many times!

"Then, why didn't senior make a move directly? If you made a move, I believe that you would be able to kill all the invading sea monsters in an instant. Is it because of the sea monsters at the level of the King of the underground sea?"

Wang Xian looked at Xuan Tianzi and asked curiously!

"There's a reason for that. Fifty years ago, I just had a huge battle with the shark muscle god King. That battle lasted for more than ten days. If I were to attack and kill the ordinary sea monsters, it would also attack and kill the ordinary humans!"

Xuan tianzi shook his head!

"There are seven sea monster God kings in the underground sea. Among them, there are two immortal god King level sea monsters that basically don't provoke it. It Won't attack humans either. Those two don't like the environment above us and haven't fought with humans much!"

"The other five sea monster kings are brutal by nature. They have their own races and each of them occupies their own territory. They often attack humans. Every year, tens of millions of people in the entire natural selection continent die in battles with the Sea Monsters!"

Xuan tianzi slowly introduced them to him!

"Can't we destroy them completely? For example, we can look for experts from other planets to help us destroy them completely!"

Wang Xian asked!

"How can it be that easy? The humans in the greater world are at a disadvantage. Not to mention inviting the godly king to help us, the sea monster will also run away when it is attacked by two godly kings!"

"Even the eternal godly master is hard to kill, let alone the immortal godly king. The word 'immortal'is not something that can be casually added!"

Xuan tianzi shook his head!

After chatting with Xuan Tianzi for about half an hour, Xuan Tianzi left right after reminding Wang Xian to be careful!

Although he was the immortal god King, he had to oversee the Xuan Tian territory at all times. This was because he did not know when the shark muscle god King would attack!

Once he was not around, the entire Xuan Tian territory would be destroyed!

The current Xuan Tianzi was fighting for the humans of the Tian Ze continent!

The godly monarchs from other places were doing the same!

They were suppressing and protecting one side!

Every immortal godly monarch was deeply respected by the people!

They were the true guardians!

After Xuan Tianzi left, Wang Xian stood up and his eyes flickered slightly!

From Xuan Tianzi's words, he finally understood the current situation of this world!

Humans were not as easy as he imagined!

"Let's go to the battlefield and take a look!"

Hearing the roars and roars coming from afar, Wang Xian's figure moved and flew toward the front line!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Just as he rushed over, Wang Xian could smell the surging stench of blood rushing toward him!

In front of him, there was a sea that was the color of congealed blood, emitting a terrifying stench of blood!

A towering city wall stood in front of the sea. The city wall was over 10,000 kilometers long and was 5,000 meters tall!

In front, a million soldiers and sea monsters fighting, one by one the bodies fell!

Extremely tragic!