Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2313: 2313 god Lord and the rest of the aquatic creatures would be enslaved by me

It was brutal, truly brutal!

In one battle, there were a million people from the four legions, about 200 eternal God lord-level warriors, and the rest were all god-level warriors!

These warriors were fighting with the sea monsters above the ocean. People died every second, and some fell into the pitch-black ocean below!

The sea water was pitch-black, and there was bright red blood mixed in the middle. The entire area tens of thousands of kilometers ahead was a meat grinder!

The city walls had turned dark red, and there were traces of being attacked!

Wang Xian looked over and was slightly moved!

This was the first time he had seen a battlefield of this level!

In the past, he had only seen some scenes when he obtained the Divine Dragon's inheritance. Now that he was seeing it with his own eyes, he was extremely shocked!

"No Wonder Xuan Tianzi said that tens of millions or even tens of millions of people would die on the battlefield every year!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

There were more than 100 billion people in the natural selection continent. The number of people born every year was more than 100 million. However, the number of people in the Tianze continent had already maintained a balance!

With the lifespan of the people in the Tianze continent, when they advanced to the godly state, their lifespan would be 10,000 years and the lifespan of the god Lord would be 100,000 years. The number of people would only increase!

However, due to the war, the number of people did not increase at all!

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the battlefield. Most of the Warriors had the strength of five wisps of divine fire or above. However, with such strength, it would not be an exaggeration to say that they were cannon fodder in such a large-scale battlefield!

In the pitch-black ocean below, there were a group of sea monsters with sharp thorns all over their bodies. Their body sizes ranged from 10 to 1,000 meters!

These were the shark muscles of the sea monsters, a group of extremely bloody sea monsters. They were also one of the main enemies of humans!

In the ocean, regardless of whether humans or sea monsters were killed, they were all devoured by the crazy sea monsters at the bottom of the ocean in the next second!

"At the bottom of the ocean, there are at least a few hundred sea monsters at the level of the Eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian scanned the area below with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes!

Slowly, his eyes sparkled!

The Divine Dragon was a race at the peak of the universe. It was the king of the water tribe. Its dragon might could intimidate all the water tribe members!

Wang Xian could increase his strength by devouring the water tribe members. The corpses of the water tribe members could also increase the strength of the soldiers of the Dragon Palace!

If the Dragon Palace was transferred here and killed the sea monsters and obtained their corpses, the speed of the improvement of the Dragon Palace would be terrifying!

"With my current strength, the sea monsters below the eternal lord can directly rule over them!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

He moved his body and flew directly into the ocean below!

"HMM? Who is that? Why did he suddenly charge into the battlefield?"

Wang Xian flew over and attracted the attention of some people around him!

The soldiers on the front line were equipped with uniform armor. All of them fought together and charged forward together!

It was very eye-catching for a person to charge into the battlefield alone, and he was dressed in ordinary clothes!

However, no one stopped him. There was a battlefield below. Some of the commanders were willing to fight with the sea monsters. Naturally, they did not have any objections!

"Bang!"

Wang Xian flew over the city wall and entered the pitch-black ocean!

This black ocean had a special energy. Even if he was a few kilometers away from the city wall, the depth of the ocean was at least tens of millions of kilometers!

Wang Xian entered the sea without causing any ripples!

He swept his gaze forward. With his yin-yang and five elemental dragon eyes, he could see countless sea monsters in front of him!

There were more than tens of millions of sea monsters. There were literally hundreds of millions of them. Among them, 60 to 70 percent of them were below the godly state. There were also 50 to 60 million of them above the godly state!

If it weren't for the Army formation above them and the chaotic sea monsters, the humans would definitely suffer heavy losses!

The humans who formed the battle formation and charged at the chaotic sea monsters would be able to fight against 10,000 of them!

"With so many sea monsters, if I were to absorb them into the Dragon Palace and turn them into dragon blood, it would be able to allow a large number of dragon palace members to reach the level of eternal God Lord!"

Wang Xian's eyes were burning with passion!

There were more than 160,000 members in the Dragon Palace now. If all of them could become eternal God Lord, when he was able to kill the immortal god King, he would be able to lead the Dragon Palace to pacify the entire underground sea!

This was not impossible!

"Perhaps, I need to send the members of the Dragon Palace here so that I can improve quickly!"

In the boundless region, it would take at least a few years for the Dragon Palace to add an eternal god Lord!

This was also because the level of the dragon palace had improved and the spiritual energy had increased tremendously. In Wang Xian's opinion, such a speed was too slow!

"Rule some sea monsters and increase the strength of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian stared at the sea monsters in front of him. His body moved and he flew forward!

"Roar! Roar!"

Before he could reach 1,000 meters, hundreds of sea monsters noticed him. Their ferocious bodies charged straight at him!

"Dragon Might, Rule!"

"All the aquatic creatures below the god level will be my slaves!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold expression as he unleashed his ruling power! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In an instant, an extremely terrifying power was transmitted forward!

Now, his strength had improved tremendously. The area covered by the dragon's might had reached a radius of 300 kilometers!

300 kilometers was just a corner in this battlefield that was tens of thousands of kilometers wide and endless in length!

However, this was sufficient for Wang Xian!

"Roar!"

At the front, the sea monsters trembled slightly and flew toward Wang Xian!

There were about a hundred thousand sea monsters in the area of three hundred kilometers!

Judging from the number of sea monsters attacking the sea monsters, it was only a small portion!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

More than a hundred thousand sea monsters flew over. Wang Xian's body shook as he shook their consciousness and killed them!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Behind him, the virtual image of the Dragon Palace appeared. One sea monster after another entered the Dragon Palace!

"Increase the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace and try your best to reach the realm of eternal God Lord!"

In the Dragon Palace in the Boundless Sea of the boundless galaxy, Wang Xian's voice reverberated throughout every corner of the Dragon Palace!

All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately stood up and bowed!

"I will obey the Dragon King's Order!"

Following that, all the members of the Dragon Palace saw the corpses of the sea monsters entering the Dragon Palace one by one!

"Bring these corpses to the dragon transformation pool immediately. Ao Yao, Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, and the other leaders, come over!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately stopped them and gave the order!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Sea Monsters entered the Dragon Palace one by one. In just ten minutes, the number of the sea monsters had reached a million. Among them, there were quite a number of corpses of the nine wisps of divine fire at the peak of the Godly State!

This caused all the members of the Dragon Palace to have a burning look in their eyes!

At the bottom of the sea in the Blackwater battlefield, Wang Xian revealed a smile!

He kept pushing forward!

He avoided some of the sea monsters at the level of the Eternal Lord. All the sea monsters below the level of the eternal lord flew directly toward him after they were ruled!

The situation here didn't attract the attention of too many sea monsters!

The wild and cruel sea monsters didn't notice the situation here either!

"With so many sea monsters, it's possible for the Dragon Palace to have more than a hundred eternal God lords and two commander corpses. It seems that we'll have to stay here for a few days!"