Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2314: 2314 sea creatures below the level of the Master God were all his slaves

"Rule!"

In the sea at the front line of the Black Sea, Wang Xian was located deep in the bottom of the sea. He looked at the Mermaids and sea monsters in front of him with a burning expression on his face!

With the rule activated, all the sea monsters below the level of the eternal master God within a radius of 300 kilometers surged towards him!

More than 100,000 sea monsters seemed to have been caught by an invisible fishing net and were thrown into the Dragon Palace!

A large number of sea monsters turned into Dragon Blood and became the resources for the members of the Dragon Palace to improve!

"I have almost conquered five to six million sea monsters. There are also more than a million celestial-level sea monsters. However, this is not enough!"

Wang Xian calculated in his heart!

A million celestial-level sea monsters was not a lot, but it was definitely not a small number. There were not so many celestial-level experts in the entire boundless galaxy!

However, a million god-level sea monsters, ranging from a wisp of divine fire to the peak of the god-level, could at most add dozens of Eternal God lords to the Dragon Palace!

"Go to the front. The center is mostly god-level shark-muscled sea monsters!"

He stared ahead and flew over!

The more he flew forward, the stronger the shark-muscled sea monsters would be!

There were even quite a few eternal god Lord Level Merman Sea Monsters!

No one dared to barge into the ocean when the sea monsters attacked the city, because even the eternal god Lord could not withstand millions of frenzied sea monsters!

Not to mention that there were eternal god Lord Level Sea Monsters Inside!

The water of the ocean was black. This kind of black was not pure black, but a kind of energy black. Even the eternal God Lord's vision would be obstructed here!

If he was not careful, the eternal God Lord would die if he was ambushed here!

"Roar!"

When Wang Xian was about ten kilometers ahead, a blood-red pupil was staring at him. A few hundred meters long god Lord level sea monster was attacking him!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at this sea monster and did not pay any attention to it. His body shook and all the sea monsters within a radius of 300 kilometers rushed towards him crazily!

The sea monster at the level of an eternal God opened its mouth slightly when it sensed Wang Xian's provocative aura!

However, at this moment, the sea monsters below the level of an eternal God swarmed over crazily and even collided with its body!

This made the sea monster at the level of an eternal God slightly dumbfounded!

A group of underlings dared to provoke a commander-level creature like it?

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, before the eternal god Lord Shark muscle sea monster could think too much, it saw that the prey in front of it had been completely surrounded!

"Roar!"

It let out a dissatisfied roar and did not rush over again. It looked up, locked onto a human, and directly rushed out!

"Gone?"

Seeing this scene, it slightly raised its eyebrows!

With a thought, it immediately had hundreds of shark muscle sea monsters surround it, not leaving a single gap!

The fresh blood of the merman sea monsters covered his surroundings, concealing his aura!

Following that, Wang Xian dashed toward more sea monsters!

With the Merman Sea monsters surrounding him, there were indeed no sea monsters attacking him!

Boom

Wang Xian's body shook and his dragon aura covered a radius of 300 kilometers once again!

Hundreds of thousands of merman sea monsters charged toward him. Even if there were master-level merman sea monsters who sensed Wang Xian's dragon aura, they gave up because there were too many sea monsters flying over!

Following that, Wang Xian led the group of sea monsters and flew to the side. With a jolt of his aura, he killed them and kept them into the Dragon Palace!

Following the same method, he once again controlled the hundreds of sea monsters to surround him and flew forward!

"Am I considered a husky who mingled with the wolves? No, I'm a divine dragon mingling with the sea monsters!"

Wang Xian thought to himself with a smile on his face after more than ten consecutive times!

Even a peak eternal god Lord wouldn't dare to venture deep into the underground sea of the battlefield. Yet, he was doing well here!

"It seems that I can add at least four to five hundred Eternal God lords to the Dragon Palace this time. The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace will also receive a huge boost!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he continued to rule and kill the sea monsters below!

In just a short span of three hours, the number of sea monsters that were killed by Wang Xian had reached 50 to 60 million!

Among them, at least half of the divine realm muscle sea monsters that he paid special attention to were gone!

"HMM? Why are there so few divine realm sea monsters in this attack?"

"There are indeed fewer of them. Don't worry about it. Kill them all with your full strength and kill all of them!"

Above the Black Water Sea, the warriors of the four legions were fighting against the sea monsters one by one. Fresh blood splattered everywhere and the smell of blood soared to the sky!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Oh no, I've encountered a top-notch sea monster!"

At the bottom of the sea, Wang Xian was surrounded by hundreds of mermaids. The moment he entered the sea monsters and released his ruling power, he was met with a cold and violent roar!

Following that, he saw a terrifying impact force coming towards him!

"A sea monster with at least level eight or nine of the eternal lord. Releasing his dragon aura is considered a provocation. A sea monster with such strength can sense him!"

After staying at the bottom of the sea for about four hours, Wang Xian was completely discovered by a muscleman sea monster!

Without any hesitation, he commanded the sea monsters within a 300-kilometer radius to attack the powerful muscleman sea monster!

His figure flew directly toward the surface of the sea!

"Roar!"

A violent sound rushed out from the bottom of the sea. The warriors above could hear it clearly!

Many of the Warriors'faces changed slightly. A few of the top-notch experts from the four armies moved their bodies and stared at the bottom of the sea to prevent this powerful sea monster from launching a sudden attack!

Splash

Hundreds of thousands of sea monsters were entangling the level eight and level nine shark muscle sea monster of the Eternal Lord. Wang Xian flew out of the sea surface easily!

Boom! Boom! Boom

When he had just revealed his head, numerous attacks landed on his body!

"He's one of us!"

Wang Xian sensed the energy and shouted immediately!

"Eh? Why is he here?"

In the sky, Xuan an 'er, who was the commander of the Blue Sun Army, was stunned when she saw Wang Xian flying out from the sea!

"D * mn, what's Going On? Why is there someone flying out from below?"

The few soldiers beside him were also stunned!

Under such circumstances, there were still people who dared to enter the ocean below?

Wang Xian ignored them and flew towards the city wall!

He had gained enough this time. If he continued to rule, it would affect the eternal lord sea monsters inside!

At that time, he would be attacked by the powerful mermaids. It would be hard for him to gain too much!

When he came to the city wall, Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and saw a general standing not far away!

He had only met general Wang Xian once, but it was enough for him to meet him once! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He moved his body and immediately flew toward the general!

When he flew over, the general also looked at Wang Xian!

When he flew out from the bottom of the sea, he noticed Wang Xian. At this moment, he was also a little curious!

What was this guy doing at the bottom of the sea? Killing Sea Monsters?