Chapter 2315: 2315 Dragon Palace upgrade

"Hello, General!"

Wang Xian walked to the front of the old general and cupped his hands at him!

Around him, more than ten commanders looked at him with curious expressions!

"Hehe, little brother, what's the matter?"

General Xuan Zhen looked at Wang Xian with a smile on his face as he asked!

Not long ago, he met Wang Xian and saw him killing two commanders in front of the group of experts!

He saw the patriarch coming here personally for his business!

He didn't dare to slight a young man who was highly valued by the patriarch!

"General, do you still have a place to stay? It would be best if there are tens of thousands of people here!"

Wang Xian said directly to him!

"Stay? Stay in the military camp? I wonder why you want so many places to stay?"

Chief Xuan looked at him with some doubts!

"I have some subordinates who want to let them come here to gain experience!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Oh? Then we are more than happy to welcome you. Let me bring you there!"

Chief Xuan nodded with a smile. He gestured to the few commanders beside him and flew inside with Wang Xian!

"That young man seems to be the one who came here arrogantly on his Mount Today!"

"It's him. Commander Yong and commander Li are dead. He is fine. It seems like he is being watched by the old ancestor!"

"Yong Xingping and old Li brought this upon themselves. They deserve to be killed for kicking an iron plate!"

The few commanders whispered to each other as they watched the general personally lead Wang Xian to fly back!

"Over here. We have a lot of empty space at the front line. This is a pretty good place. The concentration of spiritual energy is relatively high. It's considered pretty good in the entire front line!"

Xuan Zhenshou brought Wang Xian to a location where there were many houses. It could be considered pretty good!

"Little brother, your subordinates can stay here. If you want to participate in the battle at the front line, you can form a team alone. Of course, you can also join other Legions!"

He continued to speak to Wang Xian!

"Form a team alone. Follow your legions in every battle!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Alright, inform me when your men arrive. I'll report to you!"

Guardian Xuan nodded his head!

"I'll have to Trouble You Then, General!"

Wang Xian thanked him!

He smiled and introduced a few others before turning around and leaving!

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. The entire area was enough to house 10,000 to 20,000 people!

He came to a spot in the middle and waved his arm. He set up a concealing formation here!

"Dragon Gate of the Dragon Palace, appear!"

He moved his body and an incomparably huge Dragon Gate appeared in the sky. Only a corner of the Dragon Gate was exposed, but this corner was a few kilometers in size!

With a move of his body, he flew straight in from the Dragon Gate!

Summoning a corner of the eternal divine kingdom was also a characteristic of the eternal divine kingdom!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace, the Yakshas on patrol immediately bowed respectfully!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and scanned his surroundings. The entire Dragon Palace was more than 10,000 kilometers in area!

The huge Dragon Palace only had about 100,000 people. It was slightly spacious!

He moved his body and flew directly in the direction of the Dragon King Palace!

"Dragon King!"

When he arrived, ao nu immediately walked over and greeted him respectfully!

"Yes!"

He nodded his head and looked at the ancestral tree!

With the improvement of the Dragon Palace, the ancestral tree had also experienced tremendous growth!

The ancestral tree was now more than a thousand meters tall with luxuriant foliage!

Each branch bore extremely precious fruits!

"Where's the Dragon Queen?"

Wang Xian asked ao nu!

"Dragon King, the group of Dragon Queens are cultivating in the dragon transformation pool. The leaders are also cultivating!"

Ao nu immediately replied!

Upon hearing that, Wang Xian immediately walked into the dragon transformation pool!

At this moment, the dragon transformation pool was more than a hundred kilometers in circumference. The nine pillars of the Divine Dragons looked even more majestic and lifelike!

Each pillar was ten thousand meters tall, and a large amount of dragon blood flowed into the dragon transformation pool!

The hundred-kilometer-sized dragon transformation pool was about a thousand meters deep. At this moment, half of the dragon blood was already in the pool!

The dragon transformation pool was emitting an incomparably resplendent vitality!

Inside, the group of leaders, the berserk dragon species, Starwood dragon species, and thorned dragon species were increasing their strength!

Wang Xian looked over and revealed a smile on his face!

It wouldn't be long before the Dragon Palace would be able to increase the number of eternal masters by a few hundred!

Furthermore, all of them possessed the combat strength of level three and four eternal masters!

At that time, with these members of the Dragon Palace as the foundation, they would be allowed to enter the battlefield to fight. It wouldn't be long before the strength of the Dragon Palace would be greatly enhanced!

After looking around, Wang Xian retreated immediately!

He returned to the frontline and closed the Dragon Palace!

Now, what he had to do was to wait for the members of the Dragon Palace to be upgraded and for the Fu Nation to pay the rest of the deposit!

As for the rest of the deposit, Wang Xian would devour all the resources and be able to upgrade to the second level of the Eternal Lord! RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At that time, he would have the strength of the eighth level of the Eternal Lord!

With the strength of the eighth level of the Eternal Lord, he would be considered as one of the top experts in the entire Tianze continent. At that time, he would be able to capture more sea monsters for sale!

Perhaps, it wouldn't be long before he would possess the combat strength of an immortal god King!

As he thought about it, a smile appeared on Wang Xian's face!

He found a room in the middle and began to cultivate here!

On the battlefield, the sounds of battle could be heard incessantly. It lasted for more than ten hours before it ended!

The soldiers on the frontline had long seen and were used to battles of this level. Such battles could erupt five to six times a month!

However, this time, it was much easier than before!

The number of god-level Muscleman Sea Monsters was obviously much less than before!

Time passed very quickly. On the third day, Fu Guo brought over 3,000 people to this place!

"Little brother, I'll have to trouble you next!"

Fu Guo walked in front and said to Wang Xian!

At the same time, he was also a little curious. Why was this Wang Xian staying at the front line of the mysterious sky territory?

Was he from the front line? However, if he was from the front line, why would he sell his battle pet to them?

Although he was curious, he didn't ask too many questions!

"It's no trouble. It might take more than ten days to help you tame your war pets!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his head!

In the next half a month, Wang Xian would help them tame their war pets!

More than three thousand war pets was a waste of his time!

When Wang Xian was taming his war pets, many generals came to visit him!

Looking at these powerful war pets, their hearts were burning with passion!

A few generals were ready to talk to Wang Xian. If they could get their hands on more war pets next time, they would sell them all!

"Phew!"

Half a month later, Wang Xian had tamed the last war pet. He took a deep breath and sent Fu Guo and the rest away. Looking at the pills in his hands, he smiled!