Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2316: 2316 members of the Dragon Palace arrived

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal God Lord Level 2(sixth form of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 13/50

Supernatural ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below their level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, Yin-yang dual polarity, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 2)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Members of Dragon Palace: 165,693 nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"I've advanced another level. In just a few months here, my strength has increased tremendously!"

After paying the rest of the divine pills, Wang Xian immediately consumed all of them. Looking at his awakening, a smile appeared on his face!

"Congratulations on your breakthrough again, Dragon King!"

At this moment, the congratulatory voices of the members of the Dragon Palace rang out from the side!

Wang Xian looked to the side with a satisfied look on his face!

The group of 550 members was led by Prime Minister Gui, Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, ao Yao, Ao Jian, Ao Xingmu, ao Fenghuang, Mou Zesen, ao crab and the rest of the leaders!

200 berserk dragon species, 200 starwood dragon species, dozens of raptor species, and dozens of arrow dragon species!

Arrow Dragon species was a dragon species rewarded by the system for ruling a planet. It was one of the strongest long-range dragon species in the Dragon Palace!

It contained both wind and metal attributes. Now, dozens of members of the eye-arrow Division had advanced to arrow dragon species. They could fight three levels higher without being close to each other!

Once they were close to them, they would be able to fight two levels higher at most!

Once the arrow dragon species was able to stop their attacks without being disturbed, it would be extremely terrifying!

550 members were all the Eternal Masters of the Dragon Palace!

This power was nothing in the Tianze continent. However, it was comparable to an army at the front line!

"Prime Minister Gui, you guys have some understanding of the Tianze continent, right?"

Wang Xian glanced at them and landed on Prime Minister Gui as he asked!

"Dragon King, I have a basic understanding of it. Ao Yao and the rest will be in charge of collecting assassinations in the future. We will be in charge of the battle!"

Prime Minister Gui replied!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded. The members of the Dragon Palace had completed their promotion yesterday!

He found a few artificial intelligence brains for Prime Minister GUI to let them understand the current Tianze continent!

"Young master Wang Xian!"

At this moment, a voice came from outside!

"General, please come in!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"Hehe!"

Two figures walked in. One of them was the guard of Xuan Town while the other was an old man holding a walking stick. The old man holding the walking stick was called Xuan Ze!

Xuan ze was also the strongest person in the entire battlefield. The soldiers called him the general and also the marshal!

The two of them entered and immediately saw the hundreds of underlings behind Wang Xian!

There were humans and demonic beasts. They looked very different!

However, both of them were top-notch experts among the eternal lord. They were slightly surprised when they sensed the aura of the crowd!

"May I know why young master Wang Xian called us here?"

The guard of Xuan Town asked Wang Xian with a smile!

"General, these are my subordinates. I want them to train here and obtain some resources from the sea monsters'corpses. I'll inform you about it!"

Wang Xian said directly to them!

"There's no problem with that. Young master Wang Xian's subordinates are also a powerful force. In the future, let's form a separate army. How about the Dragon Palace Army?"

"Of course, this is just a title. It's mainly used to address outsiders. If young master Wang Xian is not satisfied with it, you can change it!"

Chief Xuan nodded his head in agreement!

"Sure. When war breaks out in the future, our Dragon Palace Army will fight alone!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Hehe, sure, sure. Since young master Wang Xian has sent his subordinates here to help us fight against the sea monsters and the Dragon Palace Army has formed an army alone, young master Wang Xian, please accept it!"

Xuan Ze, who was at the side, took out a badge with a smile and handed it to Wang Xian!

"Oh? This?"

Wang Xian took it and looked at it. His eyes revealed a hint of surprise!

"The general badge represents the General Badge of our frontline army. Currently, there are 18 generals in the frontline, including 19 young master Wang Xian!"

Xuan ze said with a smile!

There were many generals in the frontline, but most of them were deputy generals. As for the real generals, there were only 18 generals who held great power!

None of them were weaker than the level nine eternal Lord!

The general badge in Wang Xian's hand was on the same level as the 18 of them!

"Thank you, Marshal Xuan!"

Wang Xian smiled and kept it!

"No need to thank me. Sigh, our front line is more dangerous. More than 100,000 people would die in every war. With general Wang's subordinates here, we can reduce the number of casualties!"

"This... If we have a mount, we can reduce the number of casualties to the minimum!"

"It's good to have a mount. If we can form a Mount Army, then we can deal with..."

Xuan ze mumbled and suddenly mentioned about battle mounts. He looked at Wang Xian as he spoke!

Wang Xian was speechless when he heard him. It seemed like this old man wanted to get some battle mounts from him!

"I can get war pets, but I can sell them to the Blackwater front line at the market price. I can also pay with the corpses of the sea monsters!"

"If you guys don't want them, I will sell them to others!"

Wang Xian didn't say anything and made a promise directly!

If he was short-handed, he would take advantage of others. He would sell them to others as well as to them!

There was nothing wrong with selling them in advance!

"Haha, Alright, Alright. When can we get another batch of war pets?"

Xuan Ze's eyes lit up immediately as he asked!

"I don't know. It will take one to two months at most!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before replying!

"One to two months is fine. Alright, then we shall not disturb general Wang. Hehe!"

Xuan ze left with Xuan Zhenshou in satisfaction!

The main reason why he gave Wang Xian the position and badge of a general was to get a batch of war pets!

Otherwise, with his character, even if Wang Xian was a young man that his grandfather valued highly, he wouldn't have given him the position of a general!

After all, which general didn't come out from a pile of corpses? which one of them hadn't been guarding the front lines for ten thousand years?

"I really don't know what kind of ability that Wang Xian has. He's so confident that he can obtain a batch of war pets in a month or two!"

The two of them flew out as manager Xuan said with a twinkle in his eyes!

"The old man is not blind yet. There are only two possibilities for him to value that young man so much!"

"First, that kid is really talented. Even the old man thinks highly of him!"

"Second, that kid is the old man's illegitimate child!"

Xuan ze said with a twinkle in his eyes!

"Illegitimate child..."

When Xuan Zhenshou heard his words, he was speechless!

"If it wasn't for the old man valuing him so much, I would have tied him up and tamed his battle pets!"

"However, this kid is quite tactful. I hope that he can get some decent battle pets that can reach half of the royal family of the Federation!"

Xuan ze seemed to be talking to himself as he spoke!