Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2317: The might of the 2317 Dragon Palace Warriors

Wang Xian had no idea that Marshal Xuan Ze was plotting against him behind his back!

He took out his AI and looked at the message that he had sent to invincible in combat!

During this period of time, he had sent quite a number of messages to this chuunibyou, but there was no reply!

Yesterday, Wang Xian had seen the message on his AI. Invincible in combat went to a certain place!

This fellow was not in closed-door cultivation nor did he go deep into the underground sea. It was impossible for him not to know the information he sent! RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

That meant he was not replying to the information!

"It seems like this fellow is trying to renege on his promise!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

It was much more convenient to tame a war pet with the invincible in terms of combat techniques!

He was not strong, but he had the defense of a supreme treasure. He would not be killed even if he provoked a powerful sea monster!

Even ao Yao and the rest could not do such bait!

Therefore, it was the best choice to tame the war pets and bring along the invincible battle tactics!

However, this fellow was obviously trying to renege on his promise and did not reply to his message at all!

"Looks like I have to go and collect the debt this time!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

"The sea monsters are invading. The three legions are ready for battle!"

At this moment, an earth-shattering roar was heard!

Wang Xian had heard this roar three times. He was not as surprised as he was at the beginning!

"Let's go and get used to the battlefield!"

However, this time, Wang Xian flew over with the members of the Dragon Palace!

He could not stay here every day. In the future, when a war broke out at the front line, the members of the Dragon Palace would have to participate in the war themselves!

Now that they had advanced to the realm of eternal lord, the chances of them being killed by the sea monsters were very small. Moreover, even if they were killed, they could be resurrected!

"It's the Dragon King!"

550 experts of the Dragon Palace followed him and flew toward the battlefield!

When he rushed over, the three legions around him flew toward the Black Water Sea in unison!

Among them, two generals stood on the huge city wall and guarded the last defense!

"Warriors of the Blue Sun Legion, Kill!"

"Warriors of the hatred-breaking Legion, Kill!"

"Warriors of the Daywolf Army, Kill!"

A majestic roar rang out. Eight to nine hundred thousand warriors from the three armies charged straight into the battlefield!

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian led the members of the Dragon Palace to the city wall in front of the Black Water Sea!

"General Wang, are your men going to make a move?"

Guardian Xuan stood not far away and asked Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Then, you can decide the actions of Your Dragon Palace Army!"

Guardian Xuan said!

Wang Xian looked at Prime Minister Gui and gestured for him to command the battle!

"Enter the seabed and start the battle!"

Prime Minister Gui did not hesitate and immediately ordered all the members of the Dragon Palace!

"Yes!"

The group of members of the Dragon Palace moved and flew directly to the seabed below!

"Eh? General Wang, the bottom of the sea is the territory of the sea monsters. Although your people are all strong, it's still very dangerous to enter the sea to fight!"

When Chief Xuan saw them flying straight into the sea, he frowned slightly!

"It's alright. They are more suitable for fighting in the sea!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

The members of the Dragon Palace were more suitable for fighting in the sea!

Their pressure could reduce the combat strength of aquatic creatures!

Wang Xian stood at the top and stared at the members of the Dragon Palace who had entered the ocean with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The moment they entered the ocean, over 200 berserk dragon species led by AO Qitian and Ao Qi let out a roar!

Their bodies instantly enlarged. Each of them was thousands of meters in size. They were holding metal rods or lightning hammer and spears!

A terrifying aura erupted from their bodies!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Behind them, more than 200 Starwood Dragon species followed closely behind, densely packed thorns swaying behind them!

At the last position were the members of Mou Zesen's Heavenly Eye Arrow Division!

As for the thorned dragon species, they had already hidden themselves in the surroundings!

They had all reached the first level of the Eternal Lord Realm. The higher the third level, the stronger they could fight against the fourth level of the Eternal Lord Realm Sea Monsters. The higher the second level, the stronger they could fight against the third level of the Eternal Lord Realm Sea Monsters!

Even the weakest Prime Minister Gui could fight the second level sea monsters!

However, Prime Minister Gui would not attack. The turtle shell in front of him was floating with pictures!

Prime Minister Gui was commanding all the experts of the Dragon Palace!

"Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, attack immediately and attract some sea monsters to attack!"

Prime Minister Gui ordered immediately!

"Yes!"

40 to 50 archdragon species immediately drew their bows, and terrifying energy condensed!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

40 to 50 archdragon species could fight against a level 4 eternal lord under long-range attacks!

Each of them drew their bows, and arrows shot forward. The moment each arrow shot out, it immediately turned into a divine dragon!

"Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!"

After a series of shots, one could see waves of water rising from the sky. It was as if there was a terrifying giant creature shuttling through the sea!

Forty-five waves of water rushed into the sea monsters hundreds of kilometers ahead like dragons and snakes!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The sea water exploded and rose up to 10,000 meters!

In an instant, hundreds of thousands of sea monsters were killed. This was even when the eternal god Lord level sea monsters discovered it and blocked it. Otherwise, millions of sea monsters could be killed!

"What is this?"

The soldiers of the three armies floating on the ocean looked down in surprise!

What was going on? How could a terrifying attack suddenly burst out from below and kill hundreds of thousands of sea monsters?

They hadn't even made a move yet!

"Roar!"

At the next moment, terrifying roars sounded one after another, including level 5 and 6 Eternal God lords, and even stronger roars!

The group of sea monsters charged towards the direction of the city wall below!

They gave up on fighting against the soldiers of the army above!

"What strong archery skills, what strong strength!"

Xuan Zhenshou's face was filled with shock. He was strong enough to see the situation at the bottom of the Black Water!

The forty to fifty attacks just now were enough to kill a level 5 eternal Lord Sea Monster!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, a smile appeared on his face!

"When the sea monster exceeds level five of the eternal lord, the experts from the other legions will defend against it!"

Wang Xian spoke to guardian Xuan!

"Don't worry, they all understand!"

Guardian Xuan nodded his head. His eyes were sparkling as he stared at the sea monster below!

"Roar!"

The sea surface was like a dragon and a snake crossing the sea. The commotion was vast!

The Roar shook the sky!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The next moment, a similarly earth-shattering roar sounded as it charged towards the sea monsters ahead!

"Mad Dragon, Fight!"

"Starwood, Fight!"

"Arrow Dragon, lock onto the sea monsters above eternal God Lord!"

Behind them, Prime Minister Gui ordered loudly!

"Yes!"

Over 200 mad dragon species charged forward, each of them several thousand meters in size and wielding terrifying weapons!

"Kill!"

The berserk draconic species roared, and blood-red energy charged forward!

Darkness, fire, and lightning fused into one!

Even if there were level 5 eternal God Lord Sea Monsters Ahead, they would still charge forward!