Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2318: Under the might of the 2318 Dragon Palace Warriors

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the Black Water Sea, when more than 200 berserk dragon species attacked, the entire surface of the sea exploded!

Black seawater surged into the sky!

Streaks of blood-red energy that could be clearly seen swept forward!

This was the first time that a battle had taken place at the bottom of the sea!

The black seawater rose into the sky, and all the soldiers of the three legions looked down in astonishment!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

In the next moment, a terrifying collision sound was heard!

"Splash!"

Then, they saw many sea monsters being struck out of the water, and many of their limbs were flying in the air!

The endless seawater surged hundreds of kilometers toward the front of the city wall!

Four to five million sea monsters were killed in one strike, and some eternal lord sea monsters who didn't have time to dodge were also killed!

More than 20 members of the Dragon Palace were able to fight against stronger forces!

In other words, the combined attack of more than 20 berserk dragon species could threaten a level 5 eternal God Lord Sea Monster!

This attack was no weaker than the full-force attack of 10 Level 5 Eternal God lords!

The weak sea monster at the front was killed!

"Roar!"

At this moment, roars sounded from the sea monsters ahead!

"Generals of the three armies, kill the sea monsters above rank 5 Eternal God Lords!"

Seeing this, Xuanzhen Shou immediately ordered!

"Yes!"

Several experts of the three armies locked their eyes on the sea monsters below!

Warriors rarely experienced battles in the ocean!

However, the sea monsters didn't lurk too deep, so the battle between experts wasn't affected at all!

Staring at the dozens of sea monsters above eternal lord rank 5, the dozens of generals immediately launched their attacks!

"Roar!"

Sensing the attack from above, the dozens of sea monsters were full of anger and fought back!

"Kill!"

With the help of experts to restrain the powerful sea monsters, the 200-odd berserk dragon species of the dragon palace charged into the sea monsters!

The Starwood Dragon species followed closely behind and attacked the sea monsters!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In just one second, blood gushed out of the sea!

Countless sea monsters were killed by the berserk dragon species and the Starwood Dragon species!

At the rear, 40-50 members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division shot arrows at the Eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters!

Rampage!

Slaughter!

Over 200 berserk dragon species, each of which was a few thousand meters long, were like a giant wall!

At the rear, countless thorns were moving forward, easily piercing through the sea monsters!

Slaughter, a naked slaughter!

Every second, more than 10,000 sea monsters were killed, and many eternal god Lord Level Sea Monsters instantly fled back to the eternal divine kingdom!

There were only 500 to 600 eternal God Lord Sea Monsters attacking the city, and the eternal God Lord Level Sea monsters ranged from level 1 to level 9!

However, 90% of the sea monsters were below level 5, and 90% were above level 5!

And the sea monsters below level 5 of the eternal God Lord level were completely beaten up by the Dragon Palace!

As long as they didn't escape, they would die!

As for the other sea monsters below eternal God Lord!

There was no need to mention it!

The blood rolled, and the power of the seabed was extremely terrifying!

"Gulp, what's... What's fighting with the sea monsters down there? What a terrifying power!"

In the sky above the sea, the soldiers of the three armies stared at the seabed in shock!

They could vaguely see terrifying creatures fighting with the sea monsters. No, they were killing the sea monsters!

"They should be our people. Otherwise, our experts wouldn't have gone to support them!"

Some people whispered!

They couldn't participate in the battle at the bottom of the sea at all. This made the Warriors float in the sky and look at the bottom of the sea in a Daze!

This was the first time such a situation had happened!

"So powerful! General Wang, your subordinates have such terrifying combat strength!"

Xuanzhen guard stared at the bottom of the sea with awe in his eyes. More than 400 experts who could fight against an eternal Lord Tier 4 expert were also a formidable force at the front line!

Currently, there were about 3,000 eternal lords at the front line, but this did not mean that all 3,000 eternal lords could fight each time!

Many eternal lords were healing their injuries, and some were cultivating!

Every time they sent out Eternal God lords, the sea monsters would send out more eternal God Lord Sea Monsters!

The number of eternal God Lord Sea Monsters was more than the number of humans!

Once half of these 3,000 people were seriously injured, the front line would basically be finished!

The Eternal God lords at the front line had to maintain 70% of their combat strength in order to deal with the attacks of the powerful sea monsters!

In fact, 600 to 700 of the Eternal God lords were currently recuperating!

Although the casualty rate of the eternal God Lord was relatively low, the casualty rate was not low either!

In a one-on-one situation between humans and the sea monster God Lord, you could either make the sea monster flee back to its nest!

Or humans could return to the eternal kingdom!

However, when humans returned to the eternal kingdom, they still needed experts to fight against this eternal God Lord Sea Monster!

Therefore, unless humans were seriously injured, they could not directly escape back to their eternal kingdom!

Once they were seriously injured, it was rare for them to recuperate for one or two years. It was very common for them to spend more than ten years!

It also happened frequently in the eternal kingdom where they died in battle. It was normal for dozens of them to die in a year!

Therefore, every time the sea monster attacked, the humans would only send out three or four legions while the rest of the legions rested!

No one could stand the constant battle!

When the members of the Dragon Palace attacked, they directly sent out 550 Eternal God lords. Although none of them were top-tier, they were not weak either!

This time, the sea monsters would definitely suffer a tragic death!

However, next time, the sea monsters might send out an even more suitable eternal god Lord!

They did not care about the fact that the god Lord level sea monsters would send out even more next time!

No matter how many of them were sent out, they would at most be equal to the Dragon Palace Army!

The addition of the Dragon Palace Army was a great benefit to the front line!

When the experts of the Dragon Palace Army stepped out, the experts on their side could rest. They only needed some top-tier experts to guard the front line!

At the bottom of the sea, more than 500 members of the Dragon Palace were fighting like gods of war!

The members of the Dragon Palace who had been fighting all the way here, big and small, had more order than the army under the command of Prime Minister Gui!

In just a short period of time, more than 500 members of the Dragon Palace were fighting against hundreds of millions of sea monsters!

However, the members of the Dragon Palace only managed to hold back a portion of the sea monsters. There were also sea monsters attacking from other places!

At this moment, the Warriors of the three legions immediately charged forward!

Compared to the past, the pressure of the battle this time was greatly reduced. At the very least, a few thousand people would be spared!

"General Wang, how are your subordinates going to participate in the battle in the future? There has to be a plan for us to make some adjustments!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chief Xuan stared at the battle at the bottom of the sea excitedly and asked Wang Xian!

He knew what it meant for the frontline to have the combat strength of more than 500 people!

"We will participate in the battle every time. However, the spoils of war from killing the sea monsters will belong to us!"

Wang Xian replied directly!

"Every time we participate in the battle, it's... It's best not to continue to participate in the battle if you get injured. The spoils of war will naturally belong to you guys!"

Guardian Xuan was taken aback for a moment before he immediately said!

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head!

The members of the Dragon Palace possessed the purest divine dragon bloodline. When they cultivated the divine dragon transformation technique, even if they were severely injured, they would need at most half a month and a month to recover!

If they consumed the dragon blood, they would recover even faster!

After all, they were a race that was at the peak of the universe!

If they fought to nourish the battle, the Dragon Palace would only get stronger and stronger if they continued to fight here!

In less than a year or two, the number of eternal lord-level members of the Dragon Palace could reach up to tens of thousands or even more!

Furthermore, with the protection of the experts at the front line, it would be difficult for the Dragon Palace to lose too much in every battle!

It would be extremely profitable!

"I can go and tame my war pets and sell them in peace. In the future, the Dragon Palace will become stronger and stronger!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled with excitement!