Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2319: 2319 smashed the battlefield

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the Black Water Sea, the battle was still going on. The battle had progressed from the bottom of the sea to the surface of the sea!

On the city wall, everyone looked at the members of the Dragon Palace who had half of their bodies exposed on the surface of the sea in a Daze!

Three to four thousand meters in size, blood-red energy was revolving around their bodies!

Each attack contained extremely violent power!

Of course, what shocked them the most was their violent bodies and bodies! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Every member of the Dragon Palace looked even more violent than the powerful sea monsters!

With the top-tier experts of the three legions holding back the top-tier sea monsters, the members of the Dragon Palace massacred them wantonly!

Even the Level-5 Eternal Lord Sea Monsters were heavily injured and fled under the siege!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

With a trace of fear, roars came from the battlefield in front of them. Behind them, the sea monsters fled in Panic!

The sea monsters knew fear and also knew how to escape!

"So powerful! Where did this power come from? How come there are so many powerful warriors on our front line?"

Seeing the sea monsters fleeing, the warriors of the three legions looked at the experts of the Dragon Palace who had revealed half of their bodies in a Daze!

There were more than 200 violent bodies, more than 200 treemen with terrifying thorns, and dozens of extremely powerful archers!

Each of them was stronger than the other!

They stood in a row and looked like an invincible city wall!

This was almost comparable to the obliteration cannon at the front line of the Federation's Royal Family!

"Not bad!"

Wang Xian looked down and revealed a smile!

Although the rewards from killing the sea monsters were not as great as the last time he ruled, it wouldn't be a problem to increase the number of eternal masters by 30 to 40!

The members of the Dragon Palace would become stronger as they fought!

"This is our new army of the Blackwater Front Line, the Dragon Palace Army. All the Warriors, Salute!"

Guardian Xuan was also looking at the members of the Dragon Palace with a face full of joy!

They had only been standing there for five hours!

The death rate was 70% to 80% lower than before!

If the army of the Dragon Palace could stand guard here forever, it would be a great joy for the Black Water Front!

"Salute!"

All the warriors around shouted excitedly as they looked at the members of the Dragon Palace on the surface of the sea!

The strong would be respected wherever they went!

Especially when they helped to suppress the sea monsters and defended the front line!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The group of Dragon Palace members moved and flew towards the city wall!

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest greeted Wang Xian respectfully!

"That's right, Prime Minister Gui. From now on, you will be in charge of the matters here. If you have any problems, you can look for general Xuan Zhen and other generals!"

Wang Xian said to them in satisfaction!

"If you have any problems, you can look for me!"

General Xuan Zhenshou said with a smile from the side!

Prime Minister Gui nodded at him with a smile!

"Send all the spoils of war back to the Dragon Palace. I'll be leaving First!"

Wang Xian said to the members of the Dragon Palace. With a move of his body, he immediately flew into the distance!

Now that the matters in the Dragon Palace had been settled, he had to continue to tame his war pets!

There were many sea monsters on the battlefield, but he could not tame his war pets here!

Once the formation was set up, he would be attacked by the powerful sea monsters. The formation would be broken and the eternal God Lord Sea Monsters would be able to escape immediately!

Therefore, he still needed that idiot from the battle technique secondary school!

After visiting an academy and watching the students'cultivation, Wang Xian went straight to the teleportation formation of the Academy!

Although the battlefield was adjacent to the Xuan Heaven Domain, it would take at least four to five days to fly there!

With Wang Xian's current strength, it would take four to five days. One could imagine how far it was!

He could reach it in one to two hours through the teleportation formation!

The battlefield, the battlefield city!

This was an incomparably vast city with towering buildings and trees. Some birds were flying in the sky!

Wang Xian walked out from the teleportation formation and walked forward with the crowd!

When he arrived at an empty area, he moved his arm and a strand of hair appeared in his hand!

"Blood Connection!"

The hair was naturally the second-best part of the battle technique. It was formed by a formation!

"Bzzz bzzz!"

However, when he placed the hair into the formation, it melted rapidly and produced a BZZZ sound!

"What is this?"

"The treasure on that fellow's body can withstand some formations?"

Wang Xian's face turned black and he frowned slightly!

Without the formation to lock onto his location, where could he find him?

Go straight to the battle techniques family?

Even if he went straight there, with that fellow's character, people would say that he wasn't there!

"You better not let me catch you. Otherwise, just you wait!"

Wang Xian's face was dark and his eyes were shining!

He opened his AI and immediately checked some information about invincible combat techniques!

"Eh?"

However, before he saw the news about invincible combat techniques, he saw the news about the Dragon Palace's War Pet!

He casually checked and found that the current Dragon Palace's War Pet was abnormally popular!

Especially the few photos, the number of views was beyond his imagination!

Ever since the last promotion of the Dragon Palace's War Pets Shop, the Dragon Palace's war pets had entered everyone's sights!

And the few photos completely made the Dragon Palace's war pets become extremely popular!

The few photos were of Wang Xian and Yong Xing Pingli fighting!

At that time, the array formation had just been broken by the island master of the Tianhai Island, revealing the scene of the Ice Drill Croc and hundreds of eternal lord-level war pets!

In the photo, the battle pets were bursting with energy and were exuding an extremely powerful aura!

With so many battle pets, it naturally caused the entire natural selection continent to be in an uproar!

This also caused the Dragon Palace battle pets to become completely popular!

He took a look at his own shop on the AI. The attention rating had reached 100 billion, which made Wang Xian slightly speechless!

However, when he saw some of the comments below, his face turned extremely dark!

An organization that claimed to be the support group for invincible battle technique flooded the comments section!

All of them were scolding him!

"F * ck!"

Wang Xian remembered this debt and blamed it all on invincible battle technique!

"Invincible Casino!"

After checking some information, Wang Xian saw a message!

Invincible Casino was the biggest and most popular entertainment venue in the entire battle technique city!

And this invincible entertainment ground was opened by invincible battle technique!

"I didn't expect this kid to open a shop!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and searched for the location on the AI. He immediately flew towards Invincible Entertainment Ground!

"Eh? What a huge entertainment ground!"

Wang Xian flew to the sky above the entertainment ground. A hint of shock appeared on his face!

It was about four to five kilometers in size and was about three thousand meters tall. Wang Xian took a rough look. There were more than a hundred floors, and each floor was relatively tall!

The Word 'invincible'was written on the walls of the entire building. It was exceptionally eye-catching!

The geographical location was needless to be mentioned!

"TSK TSK TSK. If I were to come over and cause trouble, would that kid come out?"

Wang Xian smacked his lips as his eyes sparkled!

This time, Wang Xian wanted to teach that fellow a good lesson!

He wanted to let him know how powerful he was!