Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2320: 2320 smashed the place

The first floor was the beast-fighting zone!

When Wang Xian entered the first floor of the Invincible Casino, he saw a glass-sealed pool in the middle!

In the pool, there were two sea monsters fighting each other. Everyone in the surroundings was shouting excitedly!

The area of each floor of the Invincible Casino was huge. There were at least a thousand people shouting in the surroundings!

He took a glance and walked to the elevator. Then, he walked straight to the top floor!

The top floor was the most luxurious and expensive area in the entire invincible casino!

There was a formation on the top floor that could overlook the entire battle tactics city. It had the most luxurious restaurant and the most high-tech Arena!

Ding

The elevator opened. Wang Xian wanted to cause a ruckus and attract invincible's attention. Naturally, he wanted to go to the top floor. In the end, he had to demolish his entire building if he had to!

"Welcome to Our Lady's birthday party. Please Show Us Your Invitation!"

The elevator had just opened when the two beauties at the door suddenly spoke to Wang Xian!

This made him slightly stunned. A hint of astonishment flashed across his eyes!

"Whose birthday party?"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment before he asked!

"This... Of course it's Our Lady's birthday party. Don't you know? Young Master, you are not allowed to enter without an invitation!"

The two waiters were slightly stunned as they spoke immediately!

"Who is Miss Tianmei? Who Is she that is invincible in battle techniques?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked!

"Young master, Miss Tianmei is the younger sister of the young master of battle techniques. If you don't have an invitation, you are not allowed to enter!"

The waiters spoke to him patiently!

"Younger sister?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Young master, please leave First!"

The two waiters noticed that Wang Xian obviously didn't know anything. It was obvious that he wasn't here for the birthday party. Hence, they said immediately!

"I'm not too sure. However, it was that guy, invincible in combat, who invited me today. I don't have an invitation letter!"

Wang Xian shook his head indifferently!

"Huh? This... you are not allowed to enter without an invitation letter!"

The two waiters were slightly stunned and shook their heads!

"Then get that Guy Invincible in combat arts to come over!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"Young master, Invincible in combat arts hasn't come over yet. If you don't have an invitation..."

"This can be used as an invitation!"

As the waiters continued to speak, Wang Xian moved his arm and took out the general badge given to him by guard Xuan Zhen!

"This is?"

The two waiters were a little confused. One of them took the AI and scanned it!

"This..."

When she saw the information displayed on the AI, her mouth gaped slightly!

"His identity can't be fake. Let's wait for that guy who is invincible in combat techniques to come over!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at them and walked straight in!

The two waiters hesitated for a moment but didn't stop him. They really didn't dare to stop the frontline general of the mysterious Sky Territory!

"Perhaps only young master invincible can get to know such a young general!"

The two waiters looked at each other and whispered!

When Wang Xian heard the two waiters whispering to each other, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly and a smile appeared on his face!

"If I can find an invincible warrior today, I will beat him up!"

He mumbled and walked inside!

As soon as he entered, Wang Xian saw that the entire top floor had been temporarily converted into a birthday venue!

At this moment, there were a total of six to seven hundred people inside. Most of them were young men and women. A small number of them were middle-aged men and women. Each and every one of them was dressed in extremely beautiful clothes!

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and indeed, there was no one who was invincible in battle!

He walked straight inside. He didn't care whether the others recognized him or not. He found a seat and sat down. He took out the fruits on the table and started eating!

"I heard Young Master Wudi is here today!"

"Of course. Young Master Wudi dotes on sister Tianmei so much. Naturally, he wouldn't miss her birthday!"

"I really envy sister Tianmei. She has such a good brother. Now, Young Master Wudi has an eternal lord level five mount. Even some middle-aged people are no match for him. Young Master Wudi is also handsome. If I were to..."

Wang Xian had just sat down when he heard the discussion of a few girls around him as if they were infatuated with him!

"Invincible is a piece of trash!"

Wang Xian heard their words and said indifferently!

"Huh? Who Are You? Why are you talking about young master invincible like that? Are you asking for a beating?"

When the girls heard his words, they turned their heads and said to Wang Xian with sullen faces!

Wang Xian smiled and ignored them!

The girls glared at him for a few seconds before turning around with a snort!

"Miss Tianmei is here!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At this moment, a voice sounded. At the front, a girl in a long dress walked out!

The girl was full of smiles and had exquisite looks. She was indeed a rare beauty!

"Thank you all for coming to my birthday party..."

The girl came out and said to everyone in the hall with a smile on her face!

Her sweet voice was pleasing to the ears!

Wang Xian sat down and took a look. Zhan FA Tianmei spoke and soon, men and women walked towards her. They surrounded her and spoke non-stop!

One by one, they gave her gifts and chatted with her!

Zhan FA Tianmei also chatted happily with each and every one of them!

After a full half an hour, the crowd slowly quieted down!

Zhan FA Tianmei held a glass of fruit wine and started to serve those who didn't come over to chat earlier!

Wang Xian sat there and looked at the AI in boredom. After another half an hour, he didn't see any sign of Invincible Zhan FA!

"Hello, Young Master. May I know who you are?"

At this moment, a voice sounded. Wang Xian sensed five or six people walking in front of him!

In the middle, Zhan FA Tianmei was holding a fruit wine and looking at him with some doubt!

"Is your brother not here yet?"

Wang Xian didn't answer her question and asked her instead!

"My Brother? This guy said he's here but he hasn't come over yet!"

Zhan FA Tianmei pouted slightly and said unhappily!

"Send him a video call from your brain and tell him to come over immediately!"

Wang Xian said to her!

"Oh right, you haven't told me who you are. Do you know my brother?"

Zhan FA Tianmei sized him up in puzzlement!

"I know him. I've been waiting for him for a long time. Use the AI to open the video call and inform her!"

Wang Xian waved at her and said!

"Why don't you look for young master invincible yourself? Also, this is sister Tianmei's birthday party. How did you get in?"

The woman standing beside Tianmei stared at Wang Xian and questioned him!

"That guy owes me money and now he wants to renege on his debt. Hurry up and inform invincible battle technique!"

Wang Xian continued to speak impatiently!

"Young master, don't joke around here. How could my brother Owe You Money? Please Leave Now!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, Tianmei battle technique looked a little embarrassed as she spoke with a dark expression!

Her brother was invincible in battle techniques and was a heaven's favorite in the land of battle techniques. How could he owe anyone money!

"How did you get in here? Get Out Now!"

"You even said that invincible in battle techniques owes you money. Next time, find a better reason and get lost!"

A young man who had been following around Zhan FA Tianmei shouted at Wang Xian!

How dare he cause trouble at Tianmei's birthday party? He was courting death!