Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 233: Known Throughout the University of Rivertown

Your son has gotten into trouble!

Three of them said the same thing at the same time.

“What’s going on?”

“This...”

Everyone was stunned when they saw three well-known figures pulling out their phones for calls.

Hua Zeming, Han Junming and the rest froze for a moment as a bad feeling suddenly rose in their hearts when they heard their conversations.

“Uncle Hu!”

Hua Zeming’s expression sank gradually as he called out to Hu Fei.

Hu Fei peered at Hua Zeming through the corner of his eyes and ignored him. After he spoke to the person on the phone, he quickly walked towards Wang Xian.

“Young Master Wang, I didn’t know that one of my big brother’s sons had offended you. He said he will leave it to you as long as his son’s life is spared!”

“Young Master Wang, Director Han wants me to apologize to you. His son, Han Junming, is at your disposal!”

“Young Master Wang, Second Master Zhou hopes you can spare his useless son’s life!”

After Hu Fei went over, Chen Long and Gong Wu walked to Wang Xian immediately and spoke respectfully.

“Gosh, what’s this situation now?!”

“God dammit! This...”

None of the surrounding spectators knew what to say as the event unfolded before them. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Their shock was beyond words as they lacked the vocabulary to describe it!

Hua Zeming, Han Junming, and the rest had called a group of people here. The staff member from the 4S car service who had just arrived ignored them as soon as he saw Wang Xian. He even mocked them.

Another three big shots arrived, and they called their parents to tell them their sons had gotten themselves into trouble!

Subsequently, the three big shots walked to Wang Xian and addressed him as Young Master Wang with respect.

The three big shots even told Wang Xian that he could do whatever he liked as long as he spared their lives.

Oh gosh!

Hua Zeming, Han Junming, and the rest parted their lips slightly, as they could not help but tremble for a moment.

They gazed at Hu Fei, Chen Long and Gong Wu in disbelief.

“Uncle Hu!” Hua Zeming opened his mouth and called out once again.

“Shut up. Get over here now and make your apology. Your dad told me to break your legs if you can’t settle this today!” Hu Fei yelled at Hua Zeming, “If you can make it back home, you’ll be punished by the house rules!”

“What?”

Hua Zeming trembled with a stupefied expression and fear flashed in his eyes.

If you can make it back home!

IF you can make it back home! What if he couldn’t? The answer was clear.

“Get over and apologize now!” Hu Fei shouted at him once again with a stern face.

“I...” Hua Zeming was filled with trepidation.

“Forget it. Just giving them some punishment will do. And I don’t want to see them in Rivertown!”

Wang Xian looked at the four of them disdainfully before he spoke to Hu Fei, Chen Long and Gong Wu.

“Thank you, Young Master Wang. Their families will definitely give you a satisfactory answer!” The three of them hurriedly replied.

Wang Xian waved a dismissive hand and said to Wang Dahai and the rest, who were dumbfounded, “Let’s go for our dinner. Don’t let some trash spoil our mood!”

“Let’s go!”

Wang Dahai and the rest stared with their wide and round eyes before they followed Wang Xian to the First-grade Restaurant.

“You guys are asking for trouble! Of all the people in Rivertown, why did you have to provoke Young Master Wang?”

Hu Fei looked at the quartet and shook his head gently. He looked at the figure who had just left with fear and respect.

“Young Master Han, go back to Modu now and never come back to Rivertown again. At the same time, your family needs to give a satisfactory answer to Young Master Wang!”

Chen Long looked at Han Junming and said solemnly, “You guys are lucky today. Young Master Wang gave us some face!”

Han Junming, Hua Zeming and the rest were still in a daze as they stood there with ashen faces.

At this time, all their phones rang. When they saw calls from the leaders of their families, their faces got as white as sheets!

What kind of people were they messing with?!

“How formidable is Senior Wang Xian!”

“He’s simply too awesome!”

“Is this Wang Xian’s strength? Hua Zeming and Han Junming were already so impressive. But now, their families are begging him to spare their sons’ lives!”

“My idol! Senior Wang Xian is my idol! I heard he was penniless when he was in year one. Yet he has climbed to such a domineering position within a year!”

Hundreds of people broke into a commotion when Han Junming and Hua Zeming got into the cars like some walking zombies after Wang Xian disappeared.

All of them were discussing in shock.

Today, Wang Xian had exhibited an appalling and domineering strength.

If Wang Xian was just a well-known figure in the school in the past, he would become the legendary figure of the University of Rivertown from today onwards.

“Brother Xian, Brother Xian, you’ll be our leader from now on!”

Wang Dahai called out to Wang Xian with admiration in one of the rooms in First-grade Restaurant.

“Brother Xian, you’re so awesome and cool! I’d want to marry you if I was a girl.”

“Get lost!”

Wang Xian pushed Wang Dahai away out of disgust. “Xiao Yu and the rest are here. You guys just go over there and sit!”

Wang Dahai, Zhang Wen, and Zhang Feng were talking excitedly after Wang Xian went out.

“Shuqing, Qingyue!”

Wang Xian walked out and saw Xiao Yu and Elder Fang. His eyes swept across Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue as he called out with a smile.

Apparently, he’d run away from some problems perfectly during a month of retreat. He felt the retreat was worth it!

“Looks like someone took good care of you!”

Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue sized him up with their eyes as they implied.

“Thanks to both of you for taking care of me during my retreat. You have worked hard. Let’s have dinner!”

Wang Xian feigned ignorance as he spoke to Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue with sincerity.

“Heh, I’m glad you know it!”

Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue revealed smiles on their faces and headed to the private room.

Wang Xian immediately followed behind them. He saw Xiao Yu giving him a thumbs up with admiration.

Wang Xian patted his chest proudly, looking impressed with himself.

When Wang Dahai and the guys saw Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue entering the private room at the same time, they were taken aback.

During dinner, all of them dropped their jaws when Wang Xian was taking food for Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue eagerly.

This situation... Gosh!

“Brother Xian, I’m impressed. I’m totally impressed. You’re simply awesome!”

When the four of them came to the washroom, Wang Dahai, Zhang Wen, and Zhang Feng immediately spoke to Wang Xian with great admiration.

“Heh, that’s nothing!” Wang Xian chuckled with some haughtiness!

“Let me check how ‘impressive’ you are!”

Wang Dahai and the guys stretched their necks and checked out in between Wang Xian’s legs.

“Gosh, formidable!”

“Invincible!”