Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2321: 2321, your sister is in my hands

In the hall, everyone was attracted by the situation over here!

When some people heard the cold voice, they immediately walked over!

"Get Out Now, or you'll have to bear the consequences!"

The few girls beside Zhan Fa Tianmei also looked at Wang Xian in disgust and said coldly!

This fellow was purely here to cause trouble!

Everyone who was able to come here today had extraordinary backgrounds in the Zhan FA land. If they dared to cause trouble here, the consequences would be terrible!

Wang Xian looked at the people around him who were staring at him coldly. There was a look of helplessness on his face!

"Contact your brother immediately!"

Wang Xian said to Tian Mei!

"Get out of here immediately!"

A middle-aged man walked over and shouted at Wang Xian coldly. An aura that belonged to the eternal lord was directed towards Wang Xian!

"Huh? You're courting death!"

Wang Xian looked at him indifferently and waved his arm!

Boom

An extremely powerful force landed on the middle-aged man's body. His entire body broke through the floor and fell downwards!

"What?"

Everyone was stunned. Looking at the hole that appeared under the middle-aged man's body, a look of shock appeared on their faces!

"Hurry up, hurry up. Today, we are here to cause trouble at Invincible Entertainment ground. INFORM INVINCIBLE BATTLE TECHNIQUE!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at invincible battle technique!

"You are courting death. How dare you cause trouble here!"

Around them, a group of young men pointed at Wang Xian in shock!

He actually dared to cause trouble here. Not to mention their backgrounds, today was the birthday of invincible battle technique!

Needless to say, invincible battle technique had a background!

To cause trouble here was practically making an enemy out of the entire land of battle technique. Making an enemy out of the Immortal King was an act of courting death!

"Shut up all of you. Cut the crap. Quick, quick, inform the Chuunibyou of invincible battle technique. Damn it, he owes money and wants to renege on his debt!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm and the heavenly beauty of battle technique came directly in front of him!

He placed his hand on the heavenly beauty of battle technique and said with a smile!

"You, you... stop, stop immediately!"

"Let go of Heavenly Beauty!"

The surrounding young men and women were panicking. However, after witnessing an eternal lord-level powerhouse being beaten down, they did not dare to make a move rashly!

"What are you going to do..."

At this moment, Zhan FA Tianmei was also panicking. She felt that her body was being restrained and her face was slightly pale!

"Don't worry. I Won't hurt you. Contact your brother via video call!"

Wang Xian said to her again!

"Alright, I'll contact him!"

Zhan FA Tianmei nodded with a bitter expression!

She could sense Wang Xian's strength. If he really wanted to harm her, she wouldn't be able to resist at all!

Moreover, from the looks of it, it didn't seem like he had a life-and-death grudge with her brother!

She gestured to the people around her and immediately took out her AI to contact invincible battle technique!

"Little sister, brother will be here soon. Don't be anxious, don't be anxious!"

"Brother will give you a surprise later!"

The moment the video was played, Invincible Battle Technique's voice was heard from inside!

"Chuunibyou, your sister is in my hands. Come here immediately, or we'll become a family!"

At this moment, invincible battle technique was in the home of a Beast Tamer Master in the Battle Technique City!

It was his sister's birthday, so he naturally had to prepare a big gift!

He happened to get an ice drill crocodile and a northern howling sky wolf from that guy last time. He was going to ask the Beast Tamer Master to help his sister tame the Northern Howling Sky Wolf!

He immediately answered his sister's call!

However, when he heard the reply from the AI, his expression changed drastically! He immediately looked at the video and saw a face with a cold smile!

"Wang Xian, if you dare to touch a single hair on my sister, I will be your enemy!"

Invincible in combat arts immediately jumped up and roared!

However, the next moment, the video was cut off!

"This fellow, this D * MN Fellow. He actually found this place and even kidnapped Tian Mei. Ahhhhh!"

Invincible battle technique looked at the pitch-black video and his expression changed drastically!

"We're a family now. This fellow won't do anything to my sister, right?"

"Wang Xian, if you dare, invincible battle technique and you will be enemies. Isn't it just a dozen of elixirs?"

Invincible battle technique roared. Without any hesitation, he flew straight towards Invincible Entertainment Ground! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"This guy, this D * MN Guy, he actually kidnapped my sister..."

Invincible battle technique roared in a low voice as he flew!

However, just as he was hurrying over, someone arrived at Invincible Entertainment ground at an even more terrifying speed!

This was the birthday of invincible battle technique. When Wang Xian came out to cause trouble and ruin the scene!

When the level one eternal lord powerhouse was penetrated through the entire building by Wang Xian, someone contacted the elders in his family!

This group of people were all the descendants of the current powerhouses in the land of battle techniques!

When they learned that there was trouble here, more than a dozen powerhouses immediately flew over!

Boom! Boom! Boom

On the top floor of the Invincible Casino, more than a dozen figures flew over with cold faces!

The terrifying aura directly tore apart the top floor of the entire building!

"Who dares to cause trouble in our combat arts land!"

An old man stared coldly at the position of the Hall!

"The experts from our combat arts land are here!"

"Our experts are here. That fellow is dead for sure. How dare he cause trouble in Our Place!"

Seeing the group of experts flying over, the group of young men and women heaved a sigh of relief. They looked at Wang Xian, who was holding onto the heavenly beauty of combat arts. Their eyes were filled with anger!

This fellow is dead for sure!

"Senior, he is the one who came to cause trouble. Now, he is holding onto Tian Mei's younger sister. Just now, he even injured Big Brother Tian Feng!"

A young man immediately flew over and shouted loudly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Waves of killing intent charged toward Wang Xian!

"Eh?"

However, two of them recognized Wang Xian immediately when they saw him!

This person seemed to be the boss of the Dragon Palace's battle pets!

When more than ten experts flew over, Wang Xian also saw them!

He swept his gaze across a few familiar figures and revealed a faint smile on his face!

"He's here to collect the debt. There's no other way. That guy, Invincible, wants to renege on his debt!"

Wang Xian looked at those figures and said indifferently!

"Kid, what nonsense are you talking about? How could invincible owe you money? To dare to cause trouble in our land of battle techniques, he has to pay a heavy price!"

A middle-aged man shouted angrily!

"Don't be anxious. That guy invincible will be here soon. You will know in a while!"

Wang Xian smiled at the few of them and didn't care at all!

He was here to collect the debt. What was there to be afraid of!

"You..."

"Cough, cough!"

The middle-aged man wanted to say something but was stopped by the others. They coughed softly!

It was possible that they owed money to invincible in battle. They were in the wrong now!

Furthermore, the other party didn't hurt anyone. They couldn't make a move now. It would be bad if they were to lose face!

"This, boss Wang, you can't do it this way, right?"

Another middle-aged man said with a dark face!

"There's no other way. If you don't reply to my messages, you can only come to his invincible entertainment ground to mess things up!"

Wang Xian said calmly!

Everyone around was slightly stunned when they heard the words of Wang Xian and the few elders. Their faces were filled with astonishment!

What was going on?

"Wang Xian, I'm invincible in combat because I owe you some elixirs. How dare you kidnap my sister!"

At this moment, an extremely furious voice was heard!