Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2322: 2322 beat him up violently

"Wang Xian, I'm invincible in battle technique just because I owe you some elixirs. How dare you kidnap my sister!"

An exasperated voice sounded in the sky above the battle technique city!

Invincible in battle technique flew towards the invincible entertainment ground at a terrifying speed!

When he saw that the roof of his entertainment ground had been torn off and Wang Xian placed his arm on his sister's body, his eyes were burning with fury!

Wang Xian, this fellow, was outrageous!

"This..."

When Tian Mei heard her brother's voice, she was slightly stunned. The corner of her mouth could not help but Twitch!

Did her brother really owe him elixirs?

The faces of the few experts from the land of battle techniques turned dark as well. Fortunately, they did not make a move just now. If the rest of the people from the Tianze continent knew that someone had come to settle the score and beat him up, their land of battle techniques would have lost a lot of face!

"I owe you some elixirs. Do you still owe me a few dozen level five elixirs of the Eternal Lord?"

Wang Xian heard his words and saw this fellow flying over. He asked with a dark face!

At the same time, his body moved. He raised his fist and attacked him directly!

"Bullsh * t, I am invincible in my battleground. I only owe you fifteen level five elixirs of the eternal Lord!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, Invincible's face turned dark. Since when did he owe you more than 10 elixirs?

When the crowd heard Invincible's words, they turned around and didn't want to see this scene!

He owed 15 eternal lord level elixirs. How many elixirs were these?

Elixirs of this grade were priceless. No wonder others came knocking on his door!

"Bang!"

The next moment, they heard an extremely violent collision sound. Everyone looked over immediately!

They saw their invincible young master flying backward!

"I'm going to teach you a good lesson today. You owe me pills. The AI has contacted you yet you still haven't replied. You want to renege on your debt. Now, with interest, you have to return me fifty pills!"

Wang Xian's fist landed on Invincible's body as he stared coldly at his body that was sent flying!

"You... You Bastard, Rob Me of my money!"

Invincible roared furiously as his body crashed onto the ground!

"Hmph, I won't give it to you. If you don't give it to me next time, I'll kidnap your sister!"

Wang Xian landed on the ground and grabbed him directly!

Bam

A powerful force landed on his body as his body was sent flying towards invincible entertainment field!

"Wang Xian, don't go too far. This is the territory of my invincible battle technique. If you dare to touch me or threaten me again, I Won't return your pills. You Won't be able to kill me anyway!"

Invincible battle technique roared furiously!

His body penetrated through the building behind him and the entire building!

"If you don't return it, I Will Tear Down Your Invincible Casino!"

Wang Xian moved his body and instantly appeared on the body of invincible battle technique. He grabbed his body and smashed it towards the building again!

Now that Wang Xian's strength had increased greatly, invincible battle technique was no different from a doll in front of him!

However, the ultimate treasure on this guy was too powerful. Even with his current strength, he couldn't break through his defense!

"Roar!"

At this moment, invincible battle technique, who had been beaten up by Wang Xian, was a little angry. His body shook and the eternal kingdom appeared behind him. The ice drill crocodile flew out from it!

The ice drill crocodile roared and invincible battle technique stood proudly on it!

He knew Wang Xian's strength. He was at level five of the Eternal Lord. With the ice drill crocodile, he could still fight against it!

"Wang Xian, if you dare to attack me again, don't blame me for being impolite to you!"

Invincible battle technique stood proudly on the ice drill crocodile and said with a dark face!

"Idiot, I gave you this ice drill crocodile. Then, the battle pet I gave you still wants to deal with me!"

"With your strength, there's no way you can suppress the ice drill alligator. Moreover, to prevent you from not returning the money, don't I have any other tricks up my sleeves?"

Wang Xian looked at the ice drill alligator beneath him and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

Buzz

His aura shook and he charged towards the ice drill alligator!

Roar! Roar

The Ice Drill Alligator immediately roared and twisted its body. Streams of ice rushed towards the invincible battle tactic on its body!

"Damn it, Wang Xian, you tricked me!"

The invincible battle tactic saw the ice drill alligator attacking him and flying towards Wang Xian. It roared furiously!

The ice drill alligator actually flew towards Wang Xian and abandoned him!

This was his ice drill alligator, a level five battle pet of the Eternal Celestial Master!

"So what if I tricked you? If you don't return the money, I will take back the ice drill alligator!"

Wang Xian said to him indifferently!

"When did I say that I won't return the money? !"

At this moment, the helpless invincible battle technique's voice weakened as he said to Wang Xian with a dark face!

"Then why didn't you reply to my message?"

Wang Xian stared at him mockingly!

"I... I didn't see it!"

Invincible battle technique said in a low voice!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and kept the ice drill crocodile into the mother nest!

"Alright, we are all friends. Don't hurt your feelings just because of a little money. Since I'm here, bring me around!"

Wang Xian couldn't help but roll his eyes when he saw the look on Wang Xian's face!

"You... Give me my battle pet!"

Invincible's expression changed!

"Let's see your performance!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

"Hehe, boss Wang, what kind of relationship do we have? Boss Wang, you own a pet shop in the Dragon Palace and you still care about an ice drill crocodile? With our relationship? You still care about a little money!"

"Indeed, talking about money hurts our relationship. Since boss Wang has come to the land of battle techniques, I, invincible of battle techniques, will definitely treat you with great hospitality!"

Invincible of battle techniques'expression changed and he quickly burst into laughter!

He couldn't win the fight, and he owed money. Hence, his battle pet was taken back! Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

What could he do? If he were to look for the elders in his family, not only would he be shameless, even if he was shameless, the elders in his family might not even make a move!

This was too embarrassing!

"Speaking of the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop, I do recall that there seems to be your support group scolding me under my shop. I will have to put this debt on your head!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and walked to invincible battle technique's side. Then, he patted his shoulder heavily!

"Really? How is that possible? Why would my support group Scold boss Wang? If I know about it, I will definitely criticize them!"

Invincible battle technique's expression changed slightly as he said this while feigning confusion!

He naturally knew about the publicity of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop. He was the one who led the group to scold Wang Xian!

Of course, he couldn't say anything about this matter!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian patted his head. Invincible battle technique's face was dark and he didn't dare to resist!

"This boss Wang, my sister's birthday is today. You Can't do such a thing next time. After all, my sister is your sister!"

Invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian with a dark face!

"If you didn't go back on your word, why would I get your sister to call you over? If you want to blame someone, blame yourself!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

Invincible battle technique gritted his teeth and didn't say a word!

Around them, the young men and women of invincible battle technique were twitching their lips when they saw this scene!

Is this my brother? Is this the peerless prodigy of the land of battle technique?

This was the first time they had seen such a shameless scene!