Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2323: Each and every one of them was more arrogant than the last

"Tian Mei, let me introduce you to Wang Xian, boss Wang. He is a very loyal and good person!"

"He is the boss of the Dragon Palace's pet shop. Boss Wang was the one who helped me tame my ice drill Croc!"

On the top floor of Invincible Casino, Invincible battle technique introduced his sister with a Smile!

"Hello!"

Wang Xian nodded at invincible battle technique Tian Mei with a smile!

"Yes, you... Hello!"

Invincible battle technique Tian Mei looked at Wang Xian weakly and said.

"Little sister, it's your birthday today. I've prepared a war pet for you, the Northern Howling Sky Wolf. How about it? It's a war pet of the second level of the Eternal Celestial Master!"

"Boss Wang, my sister is your sister. Help me tame her later!"

Invincible battle technique winked at Wang Xian and said!

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Hehe, that's good. Then, can you return my battle pet to me?"

Invincible battle technique smiled at him!

"Huh? What? Didn't you use the ice drill alligator to pay for it?"

Wang Xian looked at him in astonishment!

"Boss Wang, you can't bully others like this!"

Invincible battle technique's expression kept changing. In the end, he said with a crying face!

"I will treat others the way they treat me!"

Wang Xian said slowly!

"That's My Battle Pet!"

Invincible battle technique growled in a low voice with a face full of unwillingness!

"Let's see how you perform!" Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Wang Xian said leisurely!

"Boss Wang, you will be my boss for the rest of my life. Let's not talk about other things. In the land of battle technique, I am the boss of my ancestors, your second brother, and my third brother!"

"In this territory, no one dares to provoke you. You can do whatever you want!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head and spoke to Wang Xian with a serious expression!

As he spoke, he patted his chest!

Tian Mei, who was at the side, turned her gaze to the side. Her brother was not like this. Her brother was a Peerless Heaven's favorite!

He was outstanding in the entire land of battle techniques and suppressed all the young men of the same generation. He had monstrous talent!

This was not her brother!

"My strength has improved this time. I'll bring you to continue catching sea monsters and battle pets!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Improved? Your strength has improved? Can you handle the ice-splitting swallow fish of the level six eternal Lord?"

"Boss Wang, I don't want the ice-drilling crocodile anymore. I want the ice-splitting swallow fish. Haha, that Battle Pet is cool!"

Invincible in the battlefield trembled slightly. Following that, he shouted excitedly!

"It depends on your performance!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes and continued to speak!

As long as this fellow was willing to go with him to capture a war pet, it didn't matter even if he was given a level six war pet of the Eternal Lord. He could even do it even if it was a level seven war pet!

With him around, capturing a war pet would be much easier!

"Hahaha, good boss. I don't want the Little Ice drill crocodile anymore. When do we set off?"

Invincible battle technique asked excitedly!

"The sooner the better!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Alright, Alright. Let's set off today!"

Invincible battle technique couldn't help but say!

"Brother, it's my birthday today. My parents said that they want to have dinner together!"

Invincible battle technique, who was at the side, said unhappily!

"Oh, right, I almost forgot. Little sister, this time when I'm back, I'll get you a level six or seven war pet of the Eternal Lord!"

"How about it, boss Wang? You Won't be stingy with your little sister, right?"

Invincible battle technique said with a smile as he looked at Wang Xian!

"As long as you get a lot of rewards, I can give you a level six or seven battle pet of the Eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian promised directly!

"Did you hear that, little sister? This guy is a big shot. Wait for me to scam some good stuff for You!"

Invincible battle technique transmitted his voice to his little sister and winked at her!

Amitabha fighter nodded his head speechlessly!

"Boss Wang, let's have a meal together later!"

Invincible fighter said without asking him if he agreed or not. He flew straight to the back of the city!

Behind them was a huge mountain range. In the middle of the mountain range was a valley, and beside it was a river!

Here, there were mountains and rivers. It was a rare paradise!

Invincible brought it home!

His parents were also the higher-ups of the land of combat. One of them had the strength of a level six eternal lord while the other had the strength of a level three eternal Lord!

Both of them were slightly surprised by Wang Xian's arrival!

However, he had already learned about what happened today. Wang Xian didn't say anything after a simple meal with him!

"Invincible, you can make friends with this friend of yours. It will be beneficial to you!"

Seeing Wang Xian leave with a servant, the woman poured a cup of tea for the middle-aged man!

The middle-aged man said slowly to him!

"Of course. Not to mention other things, boss Wang is extremely powerful. He is also a Beast Tamer Master. This time, I will go out with him. Next time, I will bring a level six or seven war pet of the Eternal Lord. By then, even you are no match for me, Dad! hahaha!"

Invincible battle technique laughed arrogantly!

"Peng!"

A huge palm slapped on his head, causing invincible battle technique to be a little stunned!

"His aura is very young, and his strength is also very strong. Moreover, I've looked up some information about him. He has the position of Blackwater frontline general of the mysterious Sky Domain!"

The middle-aged man said indifferently to him!

"Blackwater frontline general? Is He that powerful? After a while, I will ask the Patriarch to give me the position of a General!"

Invincible battle technique said indifferently!

"Shut up, you brat, don't make trouble for me!"

The middle-aged man shouted at him angrily!

"There are many vice-generals in Blackwater frontline, but there are only eighteen true generals. The weakest one is at the ninth level of the Eternal Divine Lord, and he has a huge military industry!"

"He became a general at such a young age not only because of his strength and ability, but also because of son of Heaven Xuan!"

The middle-aged man drank a cup of tea and said with a serious face!

"So powerful, isn't he even more powerful than brother in the land of battle techniques?"

Tian Mei, who was at the side, opened her mouth and said with a face full of shock!

"Your Big Brother is not as powerful as him. Not long ago, he killed an eternal lord rank 4 expert in the Heavenly Academy and killed two heaven's favorites who were plotting against him!"

"He rushed to the front line and killed two eternal rank 5 commanders in the front line of Blackwater. He's much more arrogant than your big brother!"

The middle-aged man looked at his daughter and said indifferently!

"This..."

Battle tactics unrivaled beauty opened her mouth slightly, her face full of shock!

"Awesome, as expected of boss Wang. He can be so arrogant in the mysterious sky territory. TSK TSK, I am indeed a little inferior compared to him!"

Battle tactics unrivaled's eyes flashed with a luster, and he was also full of amazement!

"Get lost, get lost, don't bother me here!"

The middle-aged man saw him like this and didn't want to remind him anymore. He waved his hand at him!

Invincible battle technique walked away with a smile. He kept thinking in his heart!

Boss Wang was so arrogant and unbridled in the mysterious sky territory. If he wanted to achieve this step, he was still far from it!

"If I can have an eternal god Lord level seven or eight battle pet, I can also be so arrogant in the battle technique land!"

He murmured, his eyes full of fighting spirit!