Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2324: 2324 sky realm

"Let's go. If you get more rewards this time, feel free to choose any battle pets of level six, seven, or even level eight!"

The next day, Wang Xian promised to invincible battle technique!

He knew that this guy had some ulterior motives last time. This time, he had to give him a sweet date first!

"Boss Wang, it can't be. Even an existence of level eight eternal lord can be tamed?"

Unrivaled battle technique was holding some food in his hands. Suddenly, he widened his eyes and said to Wang Xian!

"What do you think?"

Wang Xian smiled faintly. A terrifying pressure surged towards unrivaled battle technique! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"This..."

Feeling this pressure, unrivaled battle technique's expression changed drastically!

How was this possible?

It was really comparable to the pressure of level eight of the Master of Eternal God. Previously, they were still being chased by the ice-splitting swallow fish...

The level eight combat strength of the Master of Eternal God was considered a top-notch expert in the entire Tianze continent!

It seemed that it would be difficult for him to turn things around!

However, it was a level eight war pet of the Master of Eternal God!

Invincible's eyes slowly turned red. He threw the food in his hand and hugged Wang Xian's thigh!

"Boss Wang, as long as I have a level eight war pet of the Master of Eternal God, I will definitely not have any objections!"

He stared at Wang Xian with a burning face and roared!

"It all depends on your own performance. Don't think that I don't know what happened last time!"

Wang Xian looked at him indifferently!

"Don't worry, boss Wang. I will not slack off this time. This time, we will get at least a thousand war pets of the Eternal God Lord!"

"In the future, the war pets of the Dragon Palace will not only be famous in the heaven's selection continent, but also in the entire greater world!"

"In the future, I, invincible in battle techniques, will be the deputy manager of the pet shop of the Dragon Palace. I will work hard for the glory of the pet shop of the Dragon Palace without any salary!"

Invincible in battle techniques raised his head and shouted with a face full of confidence!

Wang Xian glanced at him. His performance was pretty good!

"Let's Go!"

He said faintly!

"Boss Wang, I think we should change to another place!"

Suddenly, invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian!

"HMM? Change to another place?"

Wang Xian looked at him!

"Due to the temperature in the northern region of extreme cold, there are fewer sea monsters there compared to other places. Furthermore, it's rare to see Sea Monsters of level seven or eight of the Eternal Lord!"

"I think we can go to the sea region of the sky realm. There are more sea monsters there. There are illusion-colored fish, colorful dragon pythons, stellar flying fish, earth scale turtle, conch sea monsters, triangular horseshoe crabs that are suitable for mounts!"

Invincible introduced to Wang Xian!

"The sea area of the Sky Realm?"

Wang Xian looked at him with slight doubt!

"Boss Wang, don't tell me you don't even know the sea area of the sea area of the sky realm? The sea area of the sea area of the sky realm is located at the junction of the land of battle techniques and the city of the sky. Because the people in the city of the sky are afraid of death, there are more sea monsters in the land of the Sky Realm!"

"The colorful dragon pythons of the earth scale turtle are all sea monsters of level seven and eight of the Eternal Lord. If we are lucky, we can capture more than a thousand sea monsters as battle pets!"

Invincible battle technique's eyes were glowing as he spoke!

"Alright, lead the way. Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said directly!

Wang Xian knew about the city in the sky!

In the Tian Ze continent, there were four factions that had immortal God kings. They were the Xuan Heaven Domain, the battle technique clan, the sword domain, and the city in the sky!

The city in the sky was just like its name. It was a city that was located in the sky that was more than 100,000 meters high. It was also the safest place in the Tian Ze continent

It was said that the city in the sky was built to withstand the attacks of the sea monsters!

The city was suspended in the sky. Naturally, it would be better to avoid the attacks of the sea monsters!

"Let's go, boss Wang. This time, let's do something big!"

Invincible battle technique was full of excitement as he spoke to Wang Xian. His fighting spirit was high!

Invincible battle technique led the way. After teleporting a few times, the two of them flew towards the sea!

"Boss Wang, that sea area is a little different from the other sea areas. There are many algae and jellyfish floating in the middle of that sea area. Some of them are extremely poisonous!"

"That sea area is much more dangerous than the Arctic north. There are even level nine sea monsters of the Eternal Lord. We have to be careful!"

Invincible reminded Wang Xian!

"What is the limit of your defense?"

Wang Xian asked him!

"As long as we don't encounter any immortal King Level Sea Monsters, there won't be too much of a Problem!"

Invincible said proudly!

"Alright then. Our main target this time is level 1 to level 8 Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord. If you don't Try Your Best, you will end up with nothing!"

Wang Xian warned him!

"Don't worry, boss Wang. I will definitely get the level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord!"

Invincible in battle strategy said with a smile!

This time, no matter how much effort he put in, as long as he could get a level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord, he was willing!

The two of them flew above the sea surface. The deep seabed emitted a terrifying aura!

After flying for a day, the surface of the sea in front of them suddenly changed!

The surface of the sea was sparkling, emitting a colorful luster. The place below was not as deep as the other parts of the sea. Instead, it was emitting light!

"The surface of the sea is somewhat related to the city in the sky. The city in the sky is located in the sky. The light shines on the city in the sky, and eventually falls here, forming this sparkling sea area

"As a result, a large amount of seaweed was born and attracted a large number of jellyfish. In fact, this place is still a few hundred million kilometers away from the city in the sky!"

Invincible battle technique introduced the place to Wang Xian. The two of them stopped and floated in the sky!

"Let's go in. We will advance slowly from the Edge!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

In the entire Tianze continent, humans occupied six portions of the territory while sea monsters occupied fourteen portions!

The reason why it was described as 14% was because the surface area was 40% , while the area of the underground sea was the surface of the sea and the land!

This place could be considered as the surface area of the deep sea, and it was hundreds of millions of kilometers away from the nearest sky city!

"Huala!"

The two of them entered the bottom of the sea. Unlike other sea areas, the sea here was colorful!

There were floating seaweed and glowing jellyfish!

Some of the huge jellyfish could cover an area of more than ten kilometers!

The colorful light shone on the bottom of the sea and the two of them flew straight down!

They dived down for about 3,000 kilometers!

"Let's Get to work!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

"Alright, boss Wang!"

Invincible battle technique was very enthusiastic as he said that. His body moved and he immediately flew forward!

Wang Xian looked at his figure and a smile appeared on his face!

He should have gained quite a lot this time

Buzz

After the formation was set up, Wang Xian's strength had greatly increased. Be it a defensive formation or an offensive formation, he was able to fight against the level eight sea monsters of the Eternal Lord!

With sufficient preparation and the assistance of the formation, he could also fight against two to three level eight sea monsters of the Eternal Lord!

"I'll use the time when I'm invincible in battle to find Sea Monsters to learn a new array formation!"