Chapter 2325: 2325 coveted it

Wang Xian's current strength had increased tremendously. However, his attainments in formations did not make up for the increase in his strength!

He could use this period of time when he was invincible in battle techniques to search for sea monsters to learn new formations!

With the guidance of the God of Heaven's formation and the use of his own attributes to cultivate formations, his speed was much faster!

Time passed little by little. Wang Xian quickly grasped one formation after another!

"Boss Wang, Boss Wang, kill them, kill them!"

Two hours later, Invincible's furious voice rang out!

Wang Xian opened his eyes and looked over. A faint smile appeared on his face!

"Good fellow, well done!" Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Looking at the dozen or so sea monsters chasing behind Invincible, a smile appeared on his face!

The silver spear sea monster had a spear-like head and wind attribute. It possessed the strength of a level one eternal Lord!

It was not bad to have such a sea monster as a battle pet!

Boom! Boom! Boom

There was no need for a formation when facing a level one eternal lord sea monster. With his current strength, he could directly rule it!

A powerful dragon's might covered the area. More than a dozen of the eternal lord sea monsters trembled. Their faces were filled with fear and respect!

"Not bad, continue!"

Wang Xian moved his body and directly kept more than a dozen sea monsters into the mother nest!

"This... is so fast. Boss Wang is indeed much more powerful!"

Seeing how fast Wang Xian was taming his battle pet, invincible battle technique revealed an excited look on his face!

There was hope for the level eight battle pet of the Eternal Lord!

Invincible battle technique, who was full of fighting spirit, immediately flew out to attract the sea monsters!

With the supreme treasure given to him by the patriarch, even a peak-level eternal lord would find it difficult to defeat him. He was wreaking havoc in this sea area and there was no danger at all!

Even if he was swallowed by the sea monsters directly, he would still be able to crawl out!

Even if the place he crawled out from might be a little shameful, he didn't care!

His fighting spirit was high!

With such a perfect teammate, Wang Xian managed to tame more than 100 eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters in the next two days!

There were more than 100 of them. This was another huge amount of resources!

"What do you think, boss Wang? There are three level six illusion-color sea fish from the eternal God level!"

Invincible battle technique stood in front and asked with a smile as he watched Wang Xian tame the illusion-color sea!

"This illusion-color sea fish is very suitable for a female powerhouse's mount. It's very beautiful. Do you want to use it to flirt with girls?"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique with a smile!

"TSK, I'm invincible in battle tactics. I have a few billion beauties in my backup team. I don't want this illusion-colored sea fish. I Don't Like Girls'Playthings!"

Invincible in battle tactics was really inflated now!

In the past, if he could obtain such a battle pet, he would be so happy that he could fly into the sky!

However, now, he had a broad vision. At the very least, only a level eight sea monster of the Eternal Lord would be suitable for his identity!

"Then you should continue to work hard!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Don't worry. With my invincible battle technique, the entire underground sea is our backyard. All the sea monsters are our battle pets!"

As invincible battle technique said that, he dashed out directly!

Wang Xian smiled and looked at the background of his departure!

"It's about the same with getting more than a hundred battle pets for Boss Wang. Next, should I look for my own battle pets?"

"I wonder which battle pets will be fated to be with me. hehehe!"

Invincible in battle techniques flew as he thought to himself happily!

"However, I can't be too obvious this time. I have to catch a few more level 8 sea monsters of the Eternal Lord. Otherwise, I'll be in debt again!"

He mumbled!

This was a dog that can't change its spots!

If Wang Xian knew what he was thinking at this moment, his face would definitely be extremely dark!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"This is? A school of Xingwen Flying Fish? Holy Sh * t, how many are there? There are more than 200 of them. This is practically a school of the eternal Lord!"

More than 200 Xingwen flying fish sea monsters flew over. Their imposing manner was like a rainbow, causing a huge commotion!

The Xingwen flying fish sea monsters were at level three of the Eternal Lord!

"Well, since we have met them, why don't we lure them to boss Wang? In the future, he probably won't talk to me about debts anymore!"

"Boss Wang, oh boss Wang, I've treated you well!"

As he spoke, his body moved and directly attacked the school of fish!

"You bunch of beasts, showing off like this in front of me, invincible battle technique. It's not like you don't want to live anymore!"

He attacked and roared at the same time!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Furious roars came out from the mouth of the stellar flying fish. Seeing that someone actually provoked them, they directly attacked invincible battle technique!

"Beasts, if you have the guts, chase after me. Humph, Humph, I don't even want trash like you to be my steeds!"

He ran as fast as he could. Recently, he felt that his speed had increased a lot!

He was running for his life every day, and his speed was almost approaching that of an eternal god Lord rank 2 expert!

This made him slightly proud!

"SH * t, someone provoked the Xingwen Flying Fish School. Damn it, who is that guy?"

Just as invincible battle technique was running for his life with the school of fish, behind the school of Star Wen Flying Fish, more than ten people saw the school of star Wen Flying Fish suddenly flying forward, and their faces were filled with exasperation!

"Master Yuan Liang, what should we do now?"

A middle-aged man looked at an old man beside him and asked with some embarrassment!

"We were just trying our luck. It's our bad luck to be disturbed by someone!"

Master Yuan Liang, who was wearing a hundred beast costume, frowned and shook his head slightly!

"Now that the Xingwen flying fish school has been disturbed, the chances of them flying back to their nest are not high. We can only use our beast tamers to catch them directly!"

"However, we only have ten beast Tamers in our hands. Whether or not we make a move depends on you!"

Master Yuan Liang said to the middle-aged man beside him!

"Catch Five. Although the Beast Tamers are extremely precious, as long as we can catch a level 3 eternal god Lord Star Wen Flying Fish, it's worth it!"

The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment before saying!

"Alright, then we'll continue to follow behind and catch five of them by surprise and tame them!"

Master Yuan Liang nodded, and everyone immediately followed behind!

"Eh? That guy only has the strength of an eternal god Lord Level 1. Why did he provoke the Star Wen Flying Fish? Moreover, the defensive treasures on his body are so powerful!"

More than ten people followed behind, looking at the invincible battle technique being pursued with astonishment!

With such weak strength, he still provoked the powerful sea monster. Wasn't he courting death?

"Invincible battle technique. He claims to be invincible in battle technique. He is that Peerless Heaven's favorite from the land of battle technique. What is he trying to do?"

Among the more than ten people, when the only young man heard the voice coming from the front, a hint of jealousy flashed in his eyes.

"He seems to have obtained a rank 5 eternal god Lord Ice Drill crocodile some time ago!"

He said in a low voice, full of envy!

"Ice drill crocodile? It's abnormal. Master Yuan Liang, let's not make a move first and follow behind!"

Suddenly, the middle-aged man in the lead said in a low voice, his eyes shining!

"Okay!"

Master Yuan Liang nodded slightly. The invincible battle technique in front of him was indeed a bit strange!

There must be something he wanted!