Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2326: 2326 had his eyes on them

"You bunch of B * stards, just you wait. I'll teach you a good lesson later!"

"D * mn it, don't open your stinky mouth. Get lost!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

In the Underground Sea of the sky realm, invincible battle technique was located in the middle of the sea monsters. He was being attacked by the star literate flying fish!

Some of the star literate flying fish were biting him, while others were flapping their wings. His entire body was like a rubber ball that was being attacked by the star literate flying fish!

He could only use some of the gaps to guide the sea monsters towards where Wang Xian was!

Invincible, who had been under attack all this while, was cursing non-stop!

If it wasn't for the fact that he happened to bump into this group of damn sea monsters, he wouldn't have been prepared to do such a job!

This bunch of animals was really unlucky!

"The defensive treasures on Invincible's body are so strong. He actually survived such an attack!"

"Invincible battle technique is the most outstanding disciple in the entire land of battle technique in the past hundred thousand years. It's the same in the entire heavenly swamp continent. It's said that patriarch battle technique dotes on him very much. This defensive treasure should have been given to him by that godly monarch!"

Behind invincible battle technique, more than a dozen people followed behind him. They were discussing softly as they watched the scene in front of them!

"Did you guys notice that invincible battle technique is intentionally attracting the sea monsters in that direction!"

At this moment, an old man frowned and pointed in a direction as he said!

"HMM? That's true. Why is he attracting these sea monsters to that place?"

The rest of the people were deep in thought as they quietly followed behind. The eyes of the middle-aged man in the lead flickered as he had an uncertain guess in his heart!

The group of people followed far behind. Invincible battle technique did not notice anything at all!

"Boss Wang, great harvest! Hahaha, great harvest! More than two hundred Starword Flying Fish, quickly praise me, Hahaha!"

The group of people followed for an hour, and invincible battle technique's excited voice came from the front!

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

At this moment, they saw a formation suddenly rise up. The formation covered an area of more than a hundred kilometers, and invincible battle technique and all the sea monsters were all covered!

"What? What's going on?"

At this moment, the people behind them revealed shocked expressions!

Using the array to cover more than 200 star language flying fish sea monsters, ambush?

Was the ambush effective?

The Eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters could instantly escape if they were threatened!

But if it was an ambush, why go through so much trouble?

"We seem to have encountered some secret!"

Master Yuan Liang narrowed his eyes and said indifferently!

"I have a premonition as well!"

The middle-aged man in the lead said the same thing!

"Be careful, don't be discovered!"

The middle-aged man reminded the people beside him!

"With the hidden items given to us by the patriarch, we shouldn't be discovered!"

An old man said with a smile!

More than a dozen people floated there quietly. Looking around, they couldn't see anyone!

A powerful hidden treasure covered them!

A Day passed quickly. The dozen or so people did not lose their patience. They stared at the area silently!

"The array formation has disappeared!"

Suddenly, sensing the change in front of them, the middle-aged man in the lead said!

"Boss Wang, we have tamed more than 200 war pets for you this time. These are more than 200 tier 3 eternal God Lord War Pets. Are you considering giving me some rewards?"

"Sure, I will definitely treat you well when the time comes!"

The array formation disappeared, and two figures appeared in their line of sight. When they heard the voice coming from the front, more than a dozen people were instantly stunned!

"Hu hu, how is this possible? How is this possible? How could those flying star fish be tamed!"

Master Yuan Liang's breathing was somewhat hurried, and his face revealed an expression of disbelief!

As a formation master, he knew how difficult it was to tame sea monsters!

Especially the eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters, the greatest difficulty was to bind them!

To bind them, it was best to find their nest and prevent them from escaping. Otherwise, the sea monsters could escape in an instant!

But now, listening to the previous words, the other party had tamed more than 200 starword flying fish sea monsters!

How could this be?

There were more than 200 level 3 eternal God Lord Sea Monsters!

"That young man is the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet!"

Master Yuan Liang said slowly. His eyes were burning!

"Dragon Palace's War Pet?"

The others were also shocked!

They knew that the Dragon Palace's war pet could sell more than 100 eternal God Lord Level War Pets and more than 3,000 peak God level ice-breaking wolves in a shop!

After the Dragon Palace's war pets advertised on the AI, their names completely shook the entire Tianze continent!

Many people were extremely curious. Where did the Dragon Palace's war pets get so many war pets?

It was fine if there were ten or eight of them, but it was so easy to get more than a hundred. This was too heaven-defying!

However, what they didn't expect was that they would actually meet!

"The Dragon Palace's war pet owner? It's indeed him. I've seen his photo. He seems to have had a conflict with the mysterious sky frontline experts in the mysterious Sky Domain. Someone in the AI said that he has the strength of an eternal god Lord Level five!"

The only young man widened his eyes and exclaimed!

"It seems that the array formation just now has some effects of the Beast Tamer Ring, but it's even more powerful than the Beast Tamer Ring. It can cover such a large area. It's unbelievable!"

The middle-aged man in the lead was a little shocked!

An array formation could tame all the sea monsters. This was an array formation. It was simply unbelievable!

They asked Master Yuan Liang to help them capture some powerful sea monsters and tame them as battle pets. They spent a huge amount of divine stones just to buy the Beast Tamer Rings!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the Beast Tamer rings in their hands were worth ten eternal God Lord Tier 4 battle pets!

Of course, the value of the Beast Tamer rings was not equal. They had beginner and Intermediate Beast Tamers!

Beast Tamers could make a sea monster or desolate beast unable to return to its nest for a certain period of time. Taming it during this period of time would allow it to become a battle pet!

It was made with the blood essence of a powerful sea monster and was extremely precious!

The owner of the Dragon Palace's battle pet clearly had his own special method!

"No wonder the Dragon Palace's battle pets can have so many battle pets. They can capture more than 200 of them at once. If our divine pet pavilion could obtain such a method..."

Master Yuan Liang's breathing quickened and his eyes were burning!

The Pet God Pavilion used to be the most powerful war pet shop in the entire Tianze continent. They had branches in the four godly monarch areas and the royal family area of the Federation!

There were also more than a dozen Beast Tamers. Even so, they could only obtain less than 30 eternal god Lord Level War pets every year. Most of them were low-level!

If such a method could be obtained, then...

"If such a method can be mastered, then the resources that can be obtained will be beyond everyone's imagination. It will even make the god King tempted!"

The middle-aged leader's heart moved, and his expression changed!