Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2327: 2327, we’re Rich

Below the sky level sea area, over 10 people were breathing heavily as they stared ahead!

They were all clear on the value of the war pets!

On Tian Ze continent, even if you could get over 10,000 eternal god Lord Level War Pets, you could still sell them!

How much were over 10,000 eternal god Lord Level War Pets Worth?

These values, even undying emperors would be tempted!

This was just the Tian Ze continent, in the entire universe, trillions of planets, millions and millions of eternal God level warpets could be sold!

How much of a resource was this?

If they could obtain such a technique to trap eternal God level warpets, to them, this was an endless treasure trove!

Who Wouldn't be tempted?

Especially to Master Yuan Liang, his heart was burning with passion!

"Master Yuan Liang, if we can obtain this kind of array formation, will we be able to tame thousands or even tens of thousands of eternal God War Pets?"

The middle-aged leader suddenly turned to look at Master Yuan Liang and asked him with a burning gaze!

"If that array formation really has the effect of the Beast Tamer Ring, with the help of an expert, we will be able to tame thousands or even tens of thousands of war pets!"

Master Yuan Liang looked at him, his heart slightly agitated!

"However!"

Following that, he frowned slightly. "A Beast Tamer master would need at least one to two months to tame an eternal God Lord War Pet. He tamed it so quickly, I wonder if it's because of the formation!"

"If it's really because of the formation, then this formation is too heaven-defying. I'm afraid that even the Greater World Overlord faction doesn't have such a formation!"

He mumbled!

It was very difficult to become a Master Beast Tamer. There were only thirty master Beast Tamers in the entire Tian Ze continent, and there were only three Master Beast Tamers who could tame eternal God lord rank 5 and above!

He was one of the three!

Even he had only tamed two eternal God Lord Rank 5 sea monsters in his entire life!

Beast taming techniques were very difficult, and taming sea monsters was also very difficult. He did not believe that he could tame more than 200 eternal God Lord Rank 3 sea monsters in such a short period of time!

"Let's not talk about anything else. Just getting this array formation alone can bring us terrifying benefits. Should we..."

An old man's eyes flickered as he spoke, looking at the middle-aged man in the lead!

His words caused the dozen or so people to calm down, and their eyes flickered with light!

"It's a little difficult to obtain something from an eternal god Lord, but I have a confinement ring in my hands. A secondary confinement ring can restrain experts below the level 7 eternal God Lord!"

The middle-aged man in the lead said slowly as he looked at the people around him!

"Oh? Tianya, you actually have this thing in your hand?"

The people around him looked at him in shock!

"There's one!"

Jing Tianya smiled slightly.

"Invincible in battle has a supreme treasure on him, and he has a godly monarch patriarch behind him. We can't fight him. A binding ring is enough. Didn't little sheep say that he only has the strength of an eternal God Lord rank five? He's not strong, so he can easily suppress him!"

An old man's eyes sparkled! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

They had already begun to discuss how to obtain the array formation that could trap the sea monster!

"Master Yuan Liang, what do you think?"

Jing Tianya asked Master Yuan Liang indifferently!

"If sky city can really obtain such an array formation, Our Pet God Pavilion is willing to join Sky City!"

Master Yuan Liang said without hesitation!

"Haha, Good, good. Originally, I was only thinking of taming some of the eternal lord rank 5 or 6 battle pets. Now, it's not impossible for them to be even stronger!"

Jing Tianya revealed an excited expression!

"Third uncle, that invincible battle technique has left. He has gone to continue attracting sea monsters!"

At this moment, the only young man said excitedly!

Everyone looked over, and the invincible battle technique figure quickly disappeared from their sight!

"I have a plan!"

Master Yuan Liang looked forward and said with a smile!

"Oh?"

They looked at him with a puzzled look!

"I have a level-five eternal lord pet in my hand. We can enter the belly of the pet. Once the pet enters the area set up by the pet owner of Dragon Palace, he will activate the Array Formation!"

"After the formation is activated, we may be able to capture it easily without using the confinement circle!"

Master Yuan Liang said with a smile!

"That's not a bad idea, but for safety reasons, we can directly use the confinement circle. We can't let him escape!"

Jing Tianya said coldly!

"Then we..."

"According to Master Yuan Liang's method, we can also see the power of the formation!"

As a middle-aged man spoke, he was immediately interrupted by Jing Tianya!

"Alright, that Kid is setting up the formation. We'll Get Ready Too!"

As Master Yuan Liang spoke, a door appeared behind him. Inside the door was a Tier 5 War Pet of an eternal God Lord!

A golden rhinoceros. Its entire body was golden yellow, and its body size was around ten meters. It was emitting a powerful might!

"The golden rhinoceros's belly might not be able to hold so many of us. We'll have to leave a few behind!"

Master Yuan Liang said to Jing Tianya!

"Little sheep, Tianyun, third master, and the two of you stay here. Let's Go!"

Jing Tianya immediately said!

"Okay!"

The five of them stayed here while the other seven went over!

The golden rhinoceros opened its mouth wide. Master Yuan Liang and the other seven went straight into its stomach!

Because they were battle pets, they would not be attacked by the golden rhinoceros!

"It's about time. Let's Go!"

Through the gap in the golden rhinoceros'mouth, they could see the situation outside. Jing Tianya immediately gave the Order!

"Old Jin, go!"

Yuan Liang immediately gave the order to the golden rhinoceros!

"Roar!"

The golden rhinoceros let out a low roar and flew straight to the area in front!

"Eh?"

In the ocean ahead, Wang Xian had just set up a formation and was about to learn a new one when he suddenly sensed something in front of him!

He looked over and revealed a stunned expression!

"Am I that Lucky?"

Looking at the golden rhinoceros swimming towards him, he revealed a stunned expression!

Just now, Invincible had brought over 200 flying fish war pets with him. Now, there was a level-five eternal overlord Golden Rhinoceros. It seemed that even the heavens wanted him to make a fortune!

"I'm in!"

Seeing this golden rhinoceros entering the territory of the formation unscrupulously, Wang Xian revealed a smile!

Buzz! Buzz

The black hole disturbance formation was activated instantly!

"Haha, My Luck Is Here. I can't even block it!"

Wang Xian couldn't help but laugh out loud. He stared at the golden rhinoceros with a face full of smiles!

"The formation is activated!"

"We're in. Get ready to make a move, Haha!"

While Wang Xian was laughing out loud, the seven people inside were also laughing out loud!

"Get Out!"

Master Yuan Liang shouted softly!

"Imprison!"

Jing Tianya flew out instantly. A circle landed on Wang Xian's body and the seven people flew out from the golden rhinoceros's belly instantly!

"Huh?"

The seven people flew out from the golden rhinoceros's mouth, causing Wang Xian to be slightly stunned. He raised his eyebrows slightly when he sensed the circle that was heading towards him!

"Haha, it's locked down!"

Jing Tianya couldn't help but shout excitedly when he saw the imprisonment circle hovering above Wang Xian!

"Tianya, I feel that I can't return to the Eternal Kingdom. It's a formation. Hahaha, it's this formation. We're rich, we're Rich!"