Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2328: The fate of 2328 idiot

An excited voice rang out from the black hole formation!

At this moment, the seven people who flew out from the Golden Rhino's belly were extremely excited. In fact, they were so excited that their bodies were trembling!

Especially when they heard the words of the middle-aged man, their eyes were burning with passion. It was as though sparks could be seen in the ocean!

All of them looked at their surroundings fervently. Even Wang Xian, who was in the middle, ignored them!

Wang Xian was a little dumbfounded!

The seven people who appeared in the belly of the golden rhinoceros were all like retards!

This was the first time Wang Xian saw someone so excited when he entered his black hole disturbance formation!

There was also this thing above his head. It seemed to have a function similar to the black hole disturbance formation!

"Who are you guys?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly and interrupted the excited expressions of the idiots as he asked them!

"You're the boss of the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets, right? No wonder you were able to get so many powerful battle pets. Impressive, really impressive. I didn't expect you to be an array master!"

Master Yuan Liang squinted his eyes slightly and praised Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

"What is the purpose of the few of you hiding in the belly of your battle pets?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the seven of them. They were dressed in white with clouds embroidered on them. They were the powerhouses of Sky City!

"Purpose? The owner of the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets, right? I am the vice mayor of the Northern City of Sky City. I wonder if you have any thoughts of joining Sky City?"

Jing Tianya said slowly to Wang Xian!

"No!"

Wang Xian's gaze landed on him and he shook his head coldly!

"Since you don't have any, then hand over the formation you set up to us. It can be considered as making friends with our Sky City!"

Jing Tianya didn't have any reaction to his rejection as he said with a smile!

"Hehe, why should I hand it over to you guys?"

Wang Xian now understood that the other party had noticed his formation at some point in time!

The formation could trap sea monsters, and the old man standing on the War Pet should be a Beast Tamer Master!

Wang Xian now completely understood their thoughts!

The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he glanced at the seven of them in a teasing manner!

"I can't wait for you to agree or not. In a while, you will hand it over obediently!"

An old man said with a smile on his face!

"Come here!"

After he finished speaking, a middle-aged man at the side waved his arm. The water energy condensed into a huge palm and went straight for Wang Xian!

"You guys are really... Idiots who are looking for death!"

Wang Xian saw an eternal lord level six expert attacking him. A contemptuous smile appeared on his face as he waved his arm! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Bang!"

His palm collapsed instantly. He slowly walked toward the group of people!

"Huh?"

Everyone was slightly stunned. Jing Tianya also raised his eyebrows slightly!

"His strength doesn't seem to be level five eternal Lord Level!"

He mumbled and shook his head nonchalantly!

"I don't have time to play with you here. Fall!"

The middle-aged man and another level five eternal lord powerhouse who had attacked Wang Xian immediately attacked him!

"I really don't know how the city in the sky could have such a bunch of idiots like you!"

Wang Xian saw the two people who were attacking him. He waved his arm and destructive energy fell directly on them!

"Oh no!"

This time, the two people who were attacking him felt the threat of death brought by the gray energy and their expressions changed drastically!

They hurriedly fled to the side!

"This is bad. He is very strong. He is at least at level seven of the Eternal Lord!"

Jing Tianya's expression changed slightly when he saw Wang Xian's Attack!

There were twelve people who came this time. Among them, the strongest one was at level seven of the Eternal Lord and three were at level six. The only young man who had just stepped into the eternal Lord Realm and the rest were all at level five!

This force was not weak. He could even fight against a level seven sea monster of the Eternal Lord!

Sensing the grayish energy, Jing Tianya immediately determined Wang Xian's strength!

His body moved and a divine weapon that looked like a mirror appeared in his hand!

Buzz

The white light on the mirror flashed and directly attacked Wang Xian!

"A bunch of trash. They actually wanted to ambush me. What a joke!"

When Wang Xian saw Jing Tianya making his move, his face was still filled with contempt!

His arm shook and immediately transformed into a dragon claw. A dragon claw that was a few hundred meters in size attacked them!

Buzz

When the Dragon Claw landed on the white light, it immediately wiped it away. The terrifying power that was filled with savagery fell towards them!

"He is an expert at level eight of the Eternal Lord. He has mastered eight laws!"

At this moment, Jing Tianya's expression changed drastically. He roared in horror!

"Oh? Now you know. You know that my formation can trap the Eternal Lord, but you still came in. What an idiot!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

This was the first time he had seen such a stupid person!

He knew that the Eternal Lord wouldn't be able to escape even if he entered the formation. In the end, the other party came in hidden in the belly of the War Pet!

When he first entered, he realized that he couldn't return to the Eternal Lord. He was extremely excited and shouted that he had struck it rich!

What the F * ck!

Wang Xian felt that fighting with them had affected his intelligence!

"Die!"

With a wave of his arm, a powerful dragon claw swept towards them!

"It's over!"

At this moment, the faces of the seven people from the city in the sky turned extremely pale. The excitement and excitement from before were completely gone!

They had thought that the other party only had the strength of a level five eternal God Lord, but they had not expected that a level eight was three levels higher than what they had expected!

A person who had grasped eight laws was simply impossible for them to contend against!

Now that there was a formation, they could not return to the eternal God Lord. They were finished. They were completely finished!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

The dragon claws descended, and powerful forces landed on their bodies!

"No, no, don't kill us. We are from Sky City, don't Kill Us!"

A middle-aged man hurriedly roared!

"It has nothing to do with me. Let Me Go, let me go!"

Master Yuan Liang's face was also filled with fear as he cried out involuntarily!

Who would have thought that such a comical scene would happen!

They were simply here to die!

"Let you guys off? HMPH, if you guys are stronger than me, would you let me off?"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a hint of coldness!

Although these guys were extremely stupid, they had the intention to harm others!

If he didn't achieve a breakthrough, he would be completely screwed this time!

Boom

A destructive dragon claw swept past and the seven of them were sent flying. They spat out fresh blood!

Wang Xian waved his arm and the grayish chains wrapped around them!

"No!"

Jing Tianya's face was filled with horror. His face was filled with resentment, unwillingness, and fear!

They rushed in with excitement. They thought they would obtain endless treasures, but they never expected that what they obtained was death!

"Soul Catcher!"

The seven of them had no strength to resist against Wang Xian who was in such an area!

The chains wrapped around his body and pulled him to the front. Then, he used the soul-absorbing power!