Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Chapter 2329: 2329 underground sea monster nest map

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of agony came out from the mouths of the people. Soul capture and order them to summon their eternal divine kingdom!

Wang Xian was already familiar with such matters!

Wang Xian took off their interspatial rings and took a look at their eternal divine kingdom!

There were quite a lot of good things, but many Wang Xian didn't like them and directly threw them into the Dragon Palace!

"Not only did they send over the corpses of seven powerhouses, but they also sent over a large amount of resources. They are really good people!"

Wang Xian said with a smile on his face!

He looked at the interspatial ring in his hand. There were seven of them, and they were all very big!

There were quite a number of divine stones and pills inside!

"These are the Beast Tamer's rings?"

In Jing Tianya's interspatial ring, Wang Xian saw ten rings!

As a Master Beast Tamer, he knew a little about Beast Tamer's rings even if he didn't need them!

"Beast Tamer's rings are extremely precious. They aren't even sold in Tianze continent. He has ten of them in his possession. He really invested a lot. No wonder this guy who has mastered the seven laws doesn't have anything good!"

Wang Xian looked at the Beast Tamer's ring in his hand and mumbled!

Although he couldn't use the Beast Tamer rings, he could sell them!

"Eh?"

At the corner of the interspatial ring, Wang Xian suddenly saw a piece of cloth!

The cloth was made from the skin of a powerful sea monster. There were dense words and patterns on it!

With a wave of his arm, the cloth appeared in his hand!

The cloth was about the size of a square meter. When it was unfolded, it was a map!

"Treasure map? No, this is?"

He squinted his eyes slightly and looked at the information on it!

"Earth qilin turtle sea monster nest map, is this real or fake?"

Wang Xian sized it up carefully, and his eyes sparkled!

The sea monster nest was exactly the same as the sea monster nest that he came to for the first time!

As long as he could find the nest of the sea monster, it would be much easier to subdue it!

If he could escape, he wouldn't be able to escape. If he could find the nest of the sea monster, he would be able to tame the sea monster!

More and more Beast Tamers in the greater world were searching for the nest of the sea monster and taming it!

This map was a map of the nest of the earth qilin turtle in the underground sea!

"It's located at the deepest part of the underground sea, which is the tenth level. It's more than 100 million kilometers away from the surface of the sea!"

Wang Xian mumbled. He didn't have much doubt about this map!

In the deepest part of the underground sea, most of the nests of the eternal lord sea monsters were located there!

A few immortal king level existences were also located at the deepest part!

"The Earth qilin turtle is an eternal lord level seven. I can go and take a look. If there's any danger, I can escape quickly. As for encountering the Immortal King Sea Monsters, I shouldn't be so unlucky!"

His eyes flickered. He felt that he could go and take a look!

However, he wasn't prepared to take the risk for the time being!

"Money Boy!"

Wang Xian smiled and prepared to deactivate the formation!

"Why aren't third uncle and the rest out yet? It's been a while!"

At the position outside the formation, the only young man among the dozen of them looked at the formation in front of him and asked anxiously!

"We should be interrogating that guy, Hehe, when our sky city obtains such a formation, the ancestor will definitely reward us greatly!"

"In the future, we will also get some of the battle pets'resources, who knows, our sky city might be able to produce even more undying emperors!"

An elder beside said excitedly!

If they could obtain the formation to trap the eternal God Lord level sea monster, their sky city might rise up quickly!

At the very least, they would be able to get the Grand Elder's reward!

"Maybe we can build a pet shop that is even more powerful than the Dragon Palace's War Pets!"

The young man cracked a smile!

The five of them stood beside the array and waited with anticipation and excitement!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, the array trembled slightly!

"The array is about to break!"

An old man roared in a low voice!

"Buzz Buzz!"

The black hole disturbing the air formation slowly dissipated!

When Jing Tianya and the others were surrounded by the formation, the five of them flew over and waited at the edge of the formation!

Now that the formation had disappeared, the scene inside appeared clearly in his sight!

However, when they saw a figure inside, the five of them were completely stunned!

"Where are third uncle and the rest!"

The young man's expression changed slightly as he said in a low voice!

"Eh? There are actually five people who are courting death outside?"

When Wang Xian saw that there were actually five people waiting outside, he raised his eyebrows slightly!

Buzz

Without any hesitation, he waved his arm and numerous chains attacked them!

"Oh no, Tian Ya and the rest must have been killed. Run!"

The moment he saw Wang Xian making his move, an old man shouted at once!

"Third uncle and the rest have been killed!"

The young man's body trembled and his face turned pale instantly. He quickly fled into the distance!

At the same time, their figures gradually turned illusory!

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian saw them fleeing in an instant, the chains immediately turned into long blades and slashed towards their bodies!

"Flee, flee, he killed the deputy mayor and the rest!"

Everyone's eyes were bloodshot as they fled frantically!

Buzz

One by one, their figures turned illusory!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

While they were fleeing, the long sabers slashed at their bodies!

"Ahhhh!"

Screams of pain rang out. Three of them had their arms chopped off instantly. In fact, half of their bodies were chopped off!

"Ah!"

"Ah Ah!"

Another two people's blood-curdling screams rang out. The young man was cut in half from head to toe by the long saber!

However, the long saber didn't land on him completely, causing his body to disappear!

Only a middle-aged man was the first to escape from Wang Xian's attack!

"It's indeed a little difficult to kill!"

Although most of the five people were severely injured in an instant, they still managed to escape!

Wang Xian frowned slightly but didn't pay too much attention to it!

Among them, four of them were severely injured. He used his destructive energy to attack them. If the few of them wanted to recover, even if they had elixirs, it would take them decades!

If they didn't have elixirs, it would take them more than a thousand years!

Wang Xian's destructive power of the five elements wasn't so easy to eliminate!

Without the help of a powerhouse, the most miserable young man would almost certainly die!

"Will I be able to survive if I escape? If you want to get the formation from me and kill me, you must be prepared to be killed!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he swung his arm at the severed limbs and fresh blood in front of him!

Even if he escaped, the curse could still kill him!

"Let's try the curse formation that I have mastered over the past few days!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. He immediately began to set up the formation in front of him!

A formation took a total of three minutes. The main reason was that Wang Xian was not too familiar with it!

Buzz

He threw a severed limb into the formation and the strange formation began to rotate!

"Ah Ah Ah, how can this be? How can this be? I don't want to die, I don't want to Die!"

At the city in the sky!

The entire city in the sky was divided into 18 cities. Each city was managed by a city Lord and two Deputy City Lords!

In the northern city, an old man with a broken arm appeared in his divine kingdom and let out a desperate scream!