Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2330: 2330, the tenth level of the underground sea

"What happened? What happened to the Patriarch!"

"Something happened to Grandpa!"

When a scream came from an eternal divine kingdom in the north city, it immediately attracted attention and people immediately ran over!

Two minutes later, another scream came from another place!

The experts who had escaped were killed by the curse before they could even recover!

"Save me, grandfather, father, save me, save me!"

The young man who had just returned to the eternal divine kingdom from the back of the city Lord's mansion in the north city shouted with a mournful face!

The roar was abnormally mournful and strange!

At this moment, his body was almost cut in half, and his entire body was covered in blood. He looked extremely miserable!

The moment he returned to the eternal divine kingdom, he cried out for help with a terrified face! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He felt his life rapidly draining away. He felt that he was about to die!

With his own recovery ability, he could not recover from his injuries at all!

"Young master, young master, what happened to you? !"

An old man guarding the divine kingdom noticed that the young man was covered in blood and had almost been cut in half. His face revealed a shocked expression!

He hurriedly ran over. When he saw the miserable state of the young man's body, he immediately channeled his energy!

"Damn it!"

When he sensed that his energy had been dissolved by the five elements destructive power, his expression changed drastically!

"Immediately inform the city lord. Quick, quick, something has happened to young master Jing Shaoyang!"

He hurriedly shouted loudly!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In less than five minutes, an old man, a woman, and a middle-aged man flew over!

"Little Yang!"

When they saw the young man's injuries, the three people's expressions changed drastically!

The old man immediately flew over, and majestic energy was poured into his body!

Pills were put into his mouth one by one!

"Little Yang, what happened? What happened? Who Did It?"

A roar came from the mouth of the middle-aged man behind him, and he stared at his son with a blood-red face!

"Father, grandfather, it's the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop. It's him. He killed third uncle and most of us!"

Jing Shaoyang said with a pale face. His head began to close under the elder's treatment. It was not as terrifying as before!

"Stabilize your breath and control the energy in your body to recover first. Tell me in detail!"

The elder said to him with a dark face!

"It's grandfather. It's like this..."

Jing Shaoyang told him everything that had happened. The elder's face kept changing!

An array that could trap the eternal God Lord Sea Monster?

A powerful Beast Tamer Master?

The owner of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!

He didn't say anything when he heard his grandson's words!

If it were him, he would do the same, but Jing Tianya and the others were a bit unlucky this time, and they had misjudged the other party's strength!

"Ahhh!"

At this moment, Jing Shaoyang roared with a face full of fear, and his voice sounded abnormally horrifying!

In the next moment, his body began to wither and become deathly still!

"Oh no, what's going on?"

"Little Yang, Little Yang!"

The old man and the middle-aged man's faces were filled with shock as they frantically transmitted energy to his body!

"Cough cough cough, cough cough, Grandpa, I feel the energy in my body disappearing!"

"Grandpa, Father, help me take revenge. Kill him, kill him!"

Jing Shaoyang growled in a low voice with a pained expression!

His life force was disappearing, and the energy in his body was dissipating!

If not for the old man treating him at the expense of his own body, Jing Shaoyang would have died!

However, even if he did not die, he would have to pay a terrifying price for this recovery!

"He fainted!"

Ten minutes later, the old man looked at his grandson with a somewhat pale face, his face extremely gloomy!

"Father, why did little Yang's injuries suddenly burst out?"

The middle-aged man at the side also had an extremely ugly expression, clenching his fists!

"I don't know!"

The old man's expression changed, and he shook his head gloomily!

"Father, you have to avenge Little Yang!"

The woman at the side cried with tears streaming down her face!

"I'll handle this matter, you guys stay here and take care of Little Yang!"

His eyes flickered as he slowly walked out!

"Lord City Lord, I've just received news that four city guards have died. They died in their eternal divine kingdom!"

Just as the old man walked out, an old man respectfully came to report!

"Dead?"

The old man clenched his fists tightly and looked at the city in front of him!

"Our northern city has always been the weakest of the eighteen cities in the sky. Now, more than ten experts have died!"

He murmured, and then a cold light shot out of his eyes!

"If the northern city can obtain that special array formation, it will be easy for them to heal little sheep's injuries. At that time, the northern city might not be comparable to a main city, but it is not impossible for it to become one of the top three cities!"

"With such a great merit, the patriarch will definitely not be stingy with the rewards!"

The old man murmured, "This might be a turning point for the northern city!"

"Notify the eternal lord of the Northern City!"

"Notify the experts from the pet god Pavilion. I'll have to trouble them all to come over!"

He looked at his subordinates and ordered!

"It's the city Lord!"

The old man was slightly shocked. He immediately nodded and left!

"The weakest city in the eighteen cities. In order to elevate the northern city, Tianya and the others have fallen. This time, it's time to take a gamble!"

After the old man gave his order, he looked at the eternal kingdom at the back and flew away immediately!

"These guys should be dead!"

Located in the depths of the underground sea in the sky realm, Wang Xian revealed a smile after he finished laying out the last curse!

He would not provoke others if others did not provoke him!

Since the other party wanted to kill him, he naturally had to kill his way back!

"I've gotten so many battle pets for Boss Wang. Next, I should look for my eternal lord level seven and level eight mount. It would be meaningless to look for those low-level ones anymore. It would also waste my invincible battle technique time!"

The invincible battle technique didn't know what was happening here!

After helping Wang Xian capture more than 200 flying star fish, this guy started to slack off. He didn't plan to attract the low-level sea monsters anymore!

He wanted to see if he could attract level eight sea monsters of the Eternal Lord. At least level seven of the Eternal Lord!

However, level seven and level eight sea monsters were not that easy to find!

He did not encounter any for more than ten hours. This made invincible battle technique extremely helpless!

"There must be powerful sea monsters in the depths!"

Invincible battle technique stared at the bottomless underground sea with sparkling eyes!

"Boss Wang, I'm Back!"

More than 20 hours later, invincible battlemage flew over with two level four eternal lord sea monsters and shouted in a perfunctory manner!

"You Brat, why did you take so long this time and only managed to get these two after a day?"

Wang Xian said with slight dissatisfaction!

"Boss Wang, I don't know why there are fewer sea monsters in the surroundings either. It might be because of the group of stellar flying fish. I think we can go deeper and take a look. For example, the ninth level and the tenth level. We will definitely encounter powerful sea monsters there!"

Invincible battle technique stared at him and spoke with a straight face. He even pointed deeper into the sea!

"Deeper into the sea?"

A hint of hesitation appeared on Wang Xian's face!

"Boss Wang, most high-level sea monsters are deeper into the sea. I think that with our strength, we can go to the ninth and tenth level of the underground sea without a problem!"

"There must be a large number of god-level sea monsters there!"

Invincible battle technique said seductively!

"If it's too deep, it's a little risky!"

Wang Xian showed hesitation on his face!

"Boss Wang, how can we obtain a high-level sea monster battle pet if we don't take risks? I'm not even afraid of a level one eternal god-level sea monster. Boss Wang, you're so powerful, what's there to be afraid of!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head and said to him!

Wang Xian glanced at him coldly. You have a defensive treasure, but I don't!