Chapter 2331: 2331 earth qilin turtle’s nest

"Let's go to the deepest part of the Underground Sea!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before deciding to go to the deepest part of the underground sea to take a look!

With his strength, he could totally dive into the deepest part of the Underground Sea!

Even if he met the immortal godly monarch, that guy who was invincible in combat had a treasure, he also had a treasure in his hands. It was enough for him to escape back to the Eternal Godly Nation!

Furthermore, if the sea monster lair map in his hands was real, he might be able to obtain a group of Level 7 sea monsters!

He could take the risk and give it a try!

"Let's go, boss Wang. What are we waiting for then!"

Invincible revealed an excited expression when he heard Wang Xian's decision. He immediately urged him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Now that he had sold all his battle pets, it was enough for him to increase his level by another level. By then, he would have the strength of a level nine eternal Lord!

However, he was not satisfied. If he could obtain some level seven or level eight eternal lord battle pets, after selling them, he would be able to reach level four eternal Lord!

By then, he would be invincible under the Immortal King Realm!

Across the entire Tianze continent, the humans and the sea monsters could only threaten him with about ten people!

At that time, he would be considered to be truly powerful!

He stared at the deep seabed and flew downwards with his invincible battle technique!

This was his first time flying to such a deep seabed!

The underground sea was very deep and the lowest level was more than 100 million kilometers. What kind of concept was this?

Even if Wang Xian wanted to go deep into the tenth level, he would need to fly for several hours!

Of course, if he teleported, he would be very fast. However, in this underground sea where the sea monsters were wreaking havoc, teleporting was simply courting death!

If he teleported into the sea monsters, he might not even have the chance to return to the eternal celestial kingdom and would be instantly killed!

"Over here, their aura is over here. Then, they continue to extend towards the depths of the underground sea!"

About 20 minutes after Wang Xian left, more than 200 people rushed over from the previous location!

There was a strange war pet in front of the three old men in the lead and an old man who was wearing a costume with the patterns of a hundred beasts!

The war pet had a long nose, which took up one-third of its head. It looked a little deformed!

"Going to the depths of the underground sea?"

The white-haired old man in the middle frowned slightly!

"Patriarch, Jing Tianya has a map of the sea monsters'Nest in the depths of the underground sea. It should be obtained by that guy now. It's very likely that they..."

The old man said to the white-haired old man in the middle, with a thoughtful look on his face!

"Oh? City Lord Jing, a map of the Sea Monsters'Nest? What's a map of the Sea Monsters'Nest?"

The old man in the hundred beasts costume asked with sparkling eyes!

"The earth qilin turtle nest map. That guy can kill Tian Ya and the others. He has at least eight or even nine laws. He should be able to subdue the Earth Qilin Turtle!"

City Lord Jing didn't hide anything and said!

"Pavilion Master Zong, keep chasing. If we can catch up to the pet shop owner of the Dragon Palace, it will be a great opportunity for both of us!"

The white-haired old man said to Pavilion Master Zong!

"Good. If we succeed, Our Pet God Pavilion will join your northern city and Sky City in the future!"

Pavilion Master Zong said with a smile!

"Good. Continue your pursuit. There might be some danger in the future. The weak will immediately return to the eternal divine kingdom once they encounter Danger!"

The eyes of the white-haired old man flickered. He nodded with a smile and ordered everyone!

"Yes, Old City Lord!"

The others immediately responded. The white-haired old man was the previous city lord of the Northern City!

The War Pet in front of Pavilion Master Zong moved its nose and immediately began to chase after him!

A group of more than 200 people immediately chased after him into the depths of the underground sea!

The group of people who came were naturally the people from the northern city!

More than 200 eternal God lord rank 3 and above experts. This was the strength of the northern city!

Even if the northern city was the weakest among the 18 cities and didn't have the suppression of a peak eternal lord, it was still a considerable force!

There were two people who had mastered nine laws. Including the Pavilion Master of the Pet God Pavilion, there were a total of three!

This force was very strong. At least in their opinion, it wasn't difficult to capture the pet owner of the Dragon Palace!

Wang Xian, who was flying towards the bottom of the underground sea, didn't know that someone was chasing after him!

He did not expect that killing Jing Tianya and the rest would provoke a city in the sky city!

He kept flying downwards and scanned his surroundings vigilantly. Wang Xian was multitasking as he recalled the route on the map of the Earth Qilin Turtle's Nest! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The underground sea was too big. A map would not be able to pinpoint the location!

Wang Xian could only roughly determine a territory within a radius of ten million kilometers based on the records on the map!

A radius of ten million kilometers was not a small place. It would take a lot of time to investigate every single area!

Furthermore, he had to be careful at the bottom of the sea!

"Whoosh!"

"This place is really filled with dangers!"

After avoiding the sneak attack of a phantom sea monster, Wang Xian waved his arm. A surge of powerful energy attacked the Phantom Sea Monster!

"Buzz!"

The transparent body of the underground sea killer flashed and disappeared quickly!

A single strike could kill a person for thousands of miles!

This was the famous killer sea monster in the Sky Realm!

Wang Xian ignored the illusionary sea monster that had already escaped and continued flying downwards!

When he reached about the eighth layer of the underground sea, Wang Xian used the heart of light and darkness to conceal himself!

He could sense a terrifying energy coming from below and around him!

In the underground sea, with his current strength, he could not act recklessly!

"Boss Wang, this place is about ready. I will go and attract the sea monsters. You set up a formation here!"

It was also the first time that invincible battle technique had entered such a deep place in the underground sea. He, who had always been bold, spoke with some fear!

"There's no need for that for now. Let's go to the bottom of the sea to look for something!"

Wang Xian shook his head at invincible battle technique!

"Look for something? Boss Wang, what are we going to look for at the bottom of the underground sea?"

Invincible battle technique asked with a face full of astonishment!

"Sea monster lair, take a look too!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he threw the map to invincible battle technique!

"This... boss Wang, how did you get this? This is a good item. It's a pity that it's not the lair of the level eight sea monster of the Eternal Lord!"

Invincible battle technique said with slight disappointment!

Wang Xian ignored him and continued to fly downwards!

After flying for half an hour, a pitch-black seabed appeared in Wang Xian's sight!

This was the seabed of the underground sea. In the entire underground sea, 80% of the Sea Monsters of the eternal lord level were hidden at the bottom of the sea!

This was also the most dangerous place in the entire underground sea!

"According to the map, it should be within a radius of 10 million kilometers!"

Wang Xian roughly estimated the area!

"Chuunibyou, let's look for the earth qilin turtle's nest first and see if we can find it!"

Wang Xian instructed invincible battle technique!

"Alright, this place is a little dangerous. Boss Wang, eternal lord-level eight battle pet, you can't go back on your word!"