Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2332: 2332 launched a sneak attack

"This time, I'll give you even if I only get a level eight sea monster from the Master of Eternal God!"

Wang Xian promised invincible battle tactics!

Although this guy was unreliable, invincible battle tactics had indeed put in a lot of effort this time. He had gotten quite a number of war pets!

Wang Xian would get him a level eight war pet from the Master of Eternal God this time. The next time he promised an ultimate war pet from the Master of Eternal God, would he not come?

When the time came, he would definitely rush over eagerly!

"Boss Wang, this is what you said. Don't worry. I, Invincible in combat arts, will definitely find the earth qilin turtle's Nest for you!"

Invincible in combat arts'eyes lit up when he heard Wang Xian's words!

"How can I Lie to You?"

Wang Xian looked at him and continued speechlessly, "You search the front while I search the back. Inform me with this formation when you find it!"

As he spoke, he threw an array compass to invincible battle technique before turning around and flying back!

"Hehe!"

Invincible battle technique kept it into his interspatial ring with a smile on his face and began to search the surroundings immediately!

"Earth scale turtle, Earth attribute. It should be located below the soil!"

"However, as the soil at the bottom of the underground sea, its hardness is extremely terrifying. The earth scale turtle wouldn't hide too deep in the soil!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

The soil at the bottom of the underground sea could withstand such a terrifying sea. The toughness was so strong that even immortal godly kings couldn't break it!

The earth qilin turtle couldn't hide in the soil that was too deep. It should be easy to find!

"They have reached the bottom of the underground sea. The nest of the earth qilin turtle should be in this area!"

Just as Wang Xian was looking for the sea monster, more than 200 figures had arrived at the location above!

"Let's Go!"Mayor Jing looked around and whispered to them!

"Shall we chase after him by following the scent or wait until he finds the earth qilin Turtle's Nest?"

The sect master looked at Mayor Jing and the white-haired elder!

"As long as we don't lose him, we can wait. It would be better if we wait until he finds the earth qilin turtle. We can see his strength clearly and catch him off guard!"

The white-haired old man pondered for a moment and said!

"The Old City Lord is thoughtful. This time, we must be absolutely sure!"

Pavilion Master Zong nodded and revealed a smile!

"Then we'll wait here for a while. If there are any energy fluctuations, we'll immediately head over!"

The white-haired old man nodded and ordered!

The group of people floated in the sea, quietly waiting for the opportunity!

"Boss Wang, I've found it, I've found it! Hahaha, my invincible battle technique is still the best!"

An hour later, Wang Xian received a message from invincible battle technique!

His face lit up and he immediately flew in the direction of invincible battle technique!

"Boss Wang, Look over there, look over there!"

When Wang Xian arrived in front of invincible battle technique, he pointed at a spot in front of him and said excitedly!

"You are really lucky!"

Wang Xian looked over and his eyes sparkled!

At the bottom of the sea in front of him, there were more than 40 densely packed black holes, each of which was about 100 meters in size!

There were more than 40 black holes, covering an area of 50 kilometers!

In the black holes, there were waves of majestic energy coming from them!

"This is the lair of the Earth Qilin Turtles!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with excitement!

There were more than 40 holes. It might not necessarily be more than 40 earth qilin turtles. There might only be a dozen or even a few of them!

However, even if there were three or four of them, it was still a huge amount of resources for Wang Xian!

"I'll set up the formation. You can watch from here!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

"Alright, boss Wang. I'll watch the surroundings from here!"

Invincible battle technique nodded his head!

Wang Xian concealed himself and walked forward carefully!

Chains appeared around him one after another!

Setting up an array would cause fluctuations in the array formation. This was unavoidable!

However, Wang Xian didn't need to worry too much when facing the earth qilin turtle which was at level seven of the Eternal Divine Lord!

Even if he didn't set up an array, he could still suppress it with his own strength!

The earth qilin turtle's Nest was right here. He didn't need to set up a formation with a black hole to disturb the air. It was sufficient to set up a few binding formations!

Buzz Buzz Buzz

When Wang Xian started to set up the formation, it caused the surrounding energy fluctuations!

Roar Roar

Low roars came from the nest in front of him. Wang Xian immediately increased his speed!

Roar Roar Roar

At this moment, a 50-meter-long earth scale turtle sea monster crawled out from one of the nests!

It had a huge turtle shell on its yellowish-brown body. The shell looked as though it was covered with a layer of scales!

Its head looked extremely ferocious and it had extremely sharp teeth!

"I wonder how many there are. I hope there are more than a dozen of them!"

Wang Xian revealed an excited look in his eyes. Streams of water surged up and attacked the Earth scale turtle directly!

"Roar!"

When Wang Xian made his move, furious roars came from the nest again. Figures crawled out one by one!

One, two, three... A total of six!

Six Earth qilin turtles!

The strength of the sea monsters had nothing to do with their size. The size of the eternal kingdom also had nothing to do with their strength!

"Six. Not Bad, not bad!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. Six Earth qilin turtles could be dealt with!

If there were really 30 to 40 earth qilin turtles, he might not be able to deal with them!

"Surrender!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and set up a formation to attack the earth qilin turtles!

"There's a fluctuation over there. Sect leader, let your battle pet see if it's the aura of the Dragon Palace's Battle Pet Boss!"

Just as Wang Xian was about to attack the earth qilin turtles, City Lord Jing, who was more than a thousand kilometers away, said hurriedly!

"Yes, let's go. We might be able to obtain a few level seven eternal God Lord War Pets!"

The sect master's eyes were burning with passion!

The sea monster nest map was an extremely precious item. Only someone with the strength of the northern city would possess such a treasure!

"Let's go over immediately. Be careful and don't be discovered!"

The white-haired old man immediately said. The group immediately flew over!

1,000 kilometers wasn't too far for them. When they were over 100 kilometers away, they saw the situation with a mysterious gaze!

"The strength of an eternal God Lord at level eight isn't too bad. It's not very strong!"

"Six earth qilin turtles have already been bound by him. That's Great!"

When City Lord Jing and Pavilion Master Zong saw the scene below, they immediately said. Their eyes were filled with excitement!

"Eight people below the law level, wait here. Let's do it!"

The white-haired elder immediately gave the order!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

In an instant, seven people flew out and immediately attacked Wang Xian, who was 100 kilometers away!

The white-haired elder in the middle was holding a confinement ring in his hand. His eyes were sparkling!

"Huh?"

"What's going on? Boss Wang, be careful!"

He was already invincible when he was watching the battle from afar. He could sense it when the group of people arrived!

When he saw that they were actually attacking Wang Xian, he immediately shouted out loud!