Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2333: 2333 launched a sneak attack

Boom! Boom! Boom

Just as Wang Xian was about to subdue an earth qilin turtle, he was reminded of the invincibility of his battle techniques!

Following that, a surge of terrifying energy came from behind and engulfed him!

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. He was taming the sea monster just now, so he didn't sense the situation around him immediately!

"Damn it!"

A hint of gloominess flashed across his eyes. There was actually someone who had ambushed him here!

"Roar! Roar!"

His heart skipped a beat. The only earth qilin turtle that had been tamed by him headed straight for the position behind him!

At the same time, he moved his body and dodged to the side!

"You want to escape? You killed the experts of our northern city, yet you still want to escape. Leave me alone, You Damn Thing!"

An extremely cold voice entered Wang Xian's ears. In an instant, a confinement circle appeared in the sky above him!

The confinement circle emitted an incomparably resplendent energy that directly enveloped the top of Wang Xian's Head!

This caused his expression to change slightly!

"Bang!"

"Awoo!"

In the next moment, the earth qilin turtle that was attacking Wang Xian was sent flying!

A terrifying force was attacking Wang Xian!

"This is bad!"

His expression changed drastically. His gaze swept across the area and his heart sank when he saw the three level 9 eternal lord experts in the lead!

The current him was not even a match for one of them, let alone three of them!

Furthermore, there were four level 8 eternal lord experts!

"They are from the city in the sky. They actually rushed over and even found themselves!"

Wang Xian's heart sank!

Wang Xian didn't care about killing the people from the city of sky because no one knew that he was the one who killed them!

So what if they knew?

They wouldn't be able to find him either!

Now, Wang Xian realized that he had underestimated the experts from the city of sky!

"Oh no, why are there so many experts trying to kill boss Wang? Did boss Wang Dig up their ancestral graves?"

Invincible's expression changed slightly when he saw that Wang Xian was locked onto by the confinement circle!

"It's my level eight battle pet, the Master of the Eternal God!"

Invincible's face was filled with tears as he glared at the people from Sky City with anger!

Invincible was naturally aware of the attire of their Sky City!

"Sky City, how Dare You Sneak Attack People? I'm going to announce your crimes!"

"If you dare to attack boss Wang again, don't blame me for being impolite!"

Invincible battle technique roared!

"HMPH!"

The few experts ignored invincible battle technique's words and continued to attack Wang Xian!

"Damn it, this confinement circle has the effect of disturbing the air with a black hole. I Can't return to my eternal divine kingdom at all. I can only escape!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's heart was burning with rage!

A hint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes as he hurriedly fled to the side!

"Capture him. We definitely can't let him escape. After killing our people, he still wants to escape? Wishful Thinking!"

City Lord Jing roared loudly!

The three powerhouses who had mastered the nine laws suddenly accelerated!

"Damn it, if boss Wang is captured, we are done for. My level eight battle pet of the Eternal Master is also gone!"

Invincible battle technique's face was extremely dark. He gritted his teeth!

"Boss Wang, come to my side!"

As he spoke, he took out a bright fragment from his interspatial ring. The moment the fragment appeared, the surrounding seawater suddenly distorted!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian also sensed the terrifying energy from invincible battle technique. Without hesitation, he immediately fled in his direction! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Damn it, how Dare You Guys Attack Me, boss Wang? Do you think I'm Invincible Battle Technique?"

Wang Xian flew towards invincible battle technique. Behind him, City Lord Jing and the other two accelerated their attacks!

Invincible battle technique held the shard in his hand and threw it towards them!

"This is?"

"Oh no, this is a law shard. It's a Law Shard condensed by the Immortal King!"

The white-haired old man was shocked when he saw the law fragment flying towards them. He shouted in shock!

He quickly dodged to the side!

Boom

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard the exclamations behind him. Following that, he sensed an extremely terrifying explosion behind him!

An extremely powerful energy swept over. In just an instant, Wang Xian spat out blood and felt that his back had completely exploded!

The power of the law had destroyed his life force!

The area where the law fragment exploded instantly evaporated hundreds of millions of kilometers of seawater. It was extremely terrifying!

"This fellow!"

Wang Xian stared at invincible battle technique and gritted his teeth as he flew towards him with all his might!

"Boss Wang, Take Me with you. Let's escape together!"

Invincible battle technique hurriedly shouted!

He wasn't afraid of the experts from Sky City attacking him. He just didn't want Wang Xian to be killed!

In his opinion, Wang Xian owed him an eternal lord level eight battle pet!

If he died, he would lose his battle pet as well!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian circulated the Dragon Qi in his body. He didn't care about the consumption of his dragon qi. He immediately recovered from his injuries and fled forward with his invincible battle technique!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

At the back, City Lord Jing and the sect leader were coughing violently. Cracks appeared on their bodies!

The two of them looked extremely miserable. An earthen yellow aura gathered on their wounds and did not dissipate!

Beside them, the white-haired old man wiped the blood from his mouth. His face was extremely pale!

However, compared to the other two, the injuries on his body were much lighter!

"Damn it, it's actually a law fragment. That Brat actually has a law fragment on him!"

Jing city leader's expression was extremely ugly, just now, he was almost killed instantly by the law fragment!

Eternal God lords could comprehend laws, and at the undying emperor level, they could condense laws!

The power of the law attack was terrifying, even a fragment was enough to heavily injure them!

At this time, the two of them had less than 10% of their strength, only slightly stronger than eternal God Lord Level 8!

"Give chase. We don't need to care about that kid who is invincible in battle. But we must capture the other one!"

The white-haired Elder's expression was extremely ugly as well. He immediately said to the two of them!

"Let's Go!"

City Lord Jing and the sect leader treated their wounds briefly. They gritted their teeth and continued to give chase!

The other party only had the strength of level eight eternal lord. Even if they were severely injured, they were not afraid!

However, when they saw that Wang Xian's figure had disappeared, their expressions turned ugly!

"Give chase! Everyone, give chase with all your strength. The effect of the confinement circle has not disappeared yet. He can't return to the Eternal Divine Kingdom!"

The white-haired elder clenched his fists and shouted sternly!

The four level eight eternal lord powerhouses who were slower were only slightly affected by the impact. Their injuries were not serious!

At this moment, their hearts were palpitating. When they heard the Old City Lord's order, they gritted their teeth and immediately gave chase!

The group of seven chased in the direction where Wang Xian had disappeared!

"Boss Wang, how did you offend so many experts from Sky City? My law fragment. It was the only attack method that the patriarch gave me. Now, in order to save boss Wang, you have to use it!"

"Boss Wang, you have to repay me properly!"

Invincible, who was brought by Wang Xian, heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the enemies behind him had yet to chase after him. He couldn't help but shout at Wang Xian!

"Don't Worry!"

Wang Xian suppressed the killing intent in his heart and ran forward with all his might!