Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2334: 2334 counter-attacked

"The other party is actually able to find me. What method is that? If it's not a formation, then what is it?"

At the bottom of the underground sea, Wang Xian was desperately trying to escape!

This was the first time he was in such a sorry state since he came to the Tianze continent. It was also the first time he was being hunted down!

He was extremely furious towards the people from the city in the sky. He would remember this grudge!

The first time the people from the city in the sky wanted to kill him, they wanted the black hole spatial disturbance formation. However, all of them were killed by him!

On the second day, there were even more people. Yet, they still had the cheek to claim that they were here to avenge the people who were killed. What a joke!

Wang Xian's eyes were extremely cold!

However, he was very surprised that the other party could lock onto him so quickly!

"After eliminating the formation, what else is there? Aura? That battle pet with a strange nose!"

Wang Xian thought of the strange battle pet behind an old man!

Buzz

Wang Xian's body shook. The dragon's might completely surrounded him as he continued to fly forward at a rapid speed!

Roar! Roar

At this moment, the battle pet, which was running at a rapid speed about 500 kilometers behind him, suddenly let out a low roar!

It stared ahead with some doubts!

"What's wrong, Tian Ling!"

Pavilion Master Zong's expression changed slightly, and he immediately asked the battle pet!

"Hou Hou!"

The battle pet roared a few times and transmitted some information to him!

Hearing the information from the battle pet, Pavilion Master Zong's expression became more and more embarrassed!

"Quick, increase the speed!"

He roared with an icy expression and flew forward at high speed!

"Oh?"

The white-haired old man and city Lord Jing frowned slightly!

After flying for 500 kilometers, Pavilion Master Zong suddenly stopped! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"What's going on?"

Seeing him stop, City Lord Jing asked with an embarrassed expression!

"We lost him. His aura has been completely cut off here. We don't know which direction he went!"

Pavilion Master Zong said with a sullen face!

"Let's split up. Pavilion Master Zong, you take one person to the top. Xiaoyue, you take one person to the left. The two of you go to the right. I'll continue to chase in the front. Inform me immediately if we encounter him!"

"He was also in the aftermath of the explosion of the law fragment. The confinement circle still has more than ten hours left. He won't be able to run far!"

The white-haired elder ordered immediately with a gloomy face!

"Alright!"

Everyone nodded. Without any hesitation, they began to pursue him!

At the same time, City Lord Jing immediately contacted more than 200 people not far away and asked them to look for him as well!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Just as the group of people split up to pursue Wang Xian, the sea monsters that were hiding at the bottom of the sea attacked Wang Xian one by one!

There were more than a dozen level seven sea monsters that were the eternal lord. They were trying to entangle Wang Xian!

"Damn it! There are too many sea monsters at the bottom of the sea. It's too dangerous!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly. He released all of his dragon might and suppressed the sea monsters!

The terrifying aura caused them to pause for a moment. Wang Xian hurriedly fled!

"Roar!"

However, the sea monsters attacked Wang Xian directly, causing his expression to change drastically!

"Boss Wang, don't be restricted by the sea monsters. Let's escape quickly!"

A voice that was invincible in battle rang in his ears!

Wang Xian waved his arm and the destructive force of the five elements swept towards the sea monsters!

"Aooo!"

The miserable shrieks rang out, and the dozen sea monsters became even angrier!

Wang Xian's figure was blocked for a few seconds. With a dark expression, he continued to flee forward!

"Over here, Kid, don't even think about escaping!"

At this moment, a white-haired old man appeared at the back. He stared at Wang Xian with eyes filled with fury!

A puny level eight eternal lord had actually escaped from his hands!

This made him extremely furious!

However, he swore to capture him. Not only to avenge the people of the northern city, but also for the rise of the northern city!

He must capture him!

"A bunch of beasts, Scram!"

However, when the old man flew forward, he just happened to bump into a dozen level 7 eternal God Lord Sea Monsters!

The furious sea monsters directly attacked him!

He waved his arm and a majestic aura swept towards the sea monsters!

However, Wang Xian's figure had already disappeared at this moment!

He flew forward for a minute and immediately changed his direction to escape frantically!

After fleeing for two hours, Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that there was no movement behind him!

"Boss Wang, it's safe, it's safe!"

Invincible looked behind him and heaved a sigh of relief!

It was good that Wang Xian was still alive. His war pet was still there!

"City in the sky, northern city!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold glint. He looked behind him and spat out a cold voice!

"Boss Wang, look to the right. My goodness. Look, look, look, stop and look!"

All of a sudden, an excited and excited voice came from the side of invincible battle technique!

"Huh?"

He was slightly stunned and followed the gaze of invincible battle technique!

"What's That?"

Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly as astonishment appeared in his eyes!

About 100 kilometers ahead, there was a colorful area!

There were all kinds of seaweed. This was a strange domain at the bottom of the underground sea!

That was not the main point. There was a sea monster wandering on top of it, a colorful dragon Python!

A colorful dragon python, a level 8 sea monster of the Eternal Lord rank!

About three thousand meters away from the warning, the body of the sea monster was colorful. It had a head that looked like a dragon's head, and it was full of majesty!

"Hahaha, there's always good fortune after surviving a great disaster. Boss Wang, there's always good fortune after surviving a great disaster!"

At the side, invincible battle technique was roaring in excitement. His eyes were burning with excitement!

Wang Xian looked at him and knew what he was thinking!

This made Wang Xian's face turn black!

He was still being chased by people!

"Boss Wang, let's continue to work together and capture them. The area ahead might be the lair of the multi-colored Dragon Pythons. Let's capture a few of them, Haha!"

Invincible battle technique said excitedly to him!

"There are still experts from sky city chasing after us. I'm just courting death by capturing sea monsters here!"

Wang Xian looked at him speechlessly!

If not for this fellow helping him, Wang Xian would have kicked him long ago!

"Boss Wang, What are you afraid of? Of the three level 9 eternal lord experts who are chasing after you, two of them were severely injured by the law fragment. Their strength is only slightly stronger than level 8. Only one level 9 expert should be able to escape!"

"Moreover, we have already escaped for two hours. The other party might have already lost track of us. Fortune comes with risk. Let's try our best to turn a bicycle into a motorcycle!"

Invincible battle technique stared at the multicolored dragon python in front of him with burning eyes!

He was already imagining the mighty scene of him standing on the multicolored dragon Python!

"HMM? Two level nine masters of the Eternal Lord were severely injured and their strength was greatly reduced? Are you sure?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at him!

At that time, he was also attacked by the aftershocks. It had almost consumed all of his dragon energy and even almost reduced his level!

"I'm sure. Of course, I'm 100% sure. The law fragment given to me by the ancestor was no joke!"

"I saw it with my own eyes at that time. How could it be fake!"

Invincible in battle techniques confirmed!

"Is that so?"

A cold glint flashed across Wang Xian's eyes!