Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2335: 2335 in the midst of counter-attack

"Two of them are severely injured, but they still possess the combat strength of a level eight. There are four other level eight eternal masters and one level nine eternal master!"

"With my current strength, it will be very difficult to kill a level nine eternal master unless..."

Wang Xian was deep in thought.

It was not impossible for Wang Xian to kill a level nine eternal master. However, there was a prerequisite. He had to set up a formation and trap them in the formation!

The strongest aspect of a formation master was to set up a formation. If he could set up more than a dozen formations, he would be able to severely injure the master of the eternal God even if he was two levels higher than him. If he was lucky, it was highly possible for him to kill the Master of the Eternal God!

With Wang Xian's current strength, setting up a formation would be able to fight against a level 8 master of the Eternal God!

What if he set up more than a dozen formations? Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

With more than a dozen formations activated in an instant, even a level 9 master of the Eternal God would be severely injured!

But what if he set up more than twenty? It was very likely that he would be able to kill them!

But this kind of two-tier battle was very, very difficult for array masters!

First, you had to control enough high-level arrays. Second, the enemy had to be drawn into the array!

Especially the first point, the control of arrays!

Could a rank 6 ETERNAL GOD LORD array master control more than ten attack arrays of this level?

It was very, very difficult. He had never even learned or even heard of so many offensive arrays!

However, this was not a problem for Wang Xian!

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven Array was a celestial emperor after all. He controlled more than 10,000 arrays. He had at least 30 offensive arrays at level seven of the Eternal Lord!

"If I set up more than 20 arrays myself, I can severely injure the level nine of the Eternal Lord. After that, I can transform into a divine dragon and unleash all of my strength. Perhaps I can kill them!"

"But what about the other six level eight ones?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. Following that, he looked at the multi-colored dragon python in front of him. He was a little hesitant!

"I'll take a gamble. Even if I'm severely injured, I won't let those guys off easily!"

Wang Xian clenched his fists tightly. His eyes were flashing with fury and killing intent!

"Idiot, I'll set up the formations here first. Later on, you'll attract the multi-colored dragon Python over!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, a wise choice. Haha!"

Invincible battle technique was filled with excitement!

Without any hesitation, Wang Xian immediately set up a concealment formation in the surroundings. He set up a black hole disturbance formation and set up attack formations one after another!

As for invincible battle technique, he was on alert in the surroundings to prevent the experts from Sky City from pursuing him!

After five to six minutes, Wang Xian set up the formation and gestured at him!

"Haha, My Colorful Dragon Python mount, invincible in battle techniques is here!"

Invincible in battle techniques flew toward the colorful area in front of him with excitement!

"Roar!"

"Bang!"

In less than three minutes, a roar was heard. Accompanied by a human figure, the figure flew backward at a terrifying speed!

"Beast, this beast, how dare you treat your master like this? You're finished. From now on, I, Invincible battle technique, Will Starve You Every Day!"

An extremely arrogant and furious voice came from invincible battle technique's mouth. He pointed at the multicolored dragon Python that was attacking him and cursed loudly!

When the multicolored dragon Python saw that an ant was not killed by his attack, it still dared to provoke him and charged towards him angrily!

Boom

However, this multi-colored dragon Python did not play by the rules. Halfway through, it opened its bloody mouth and a snake-shaped water energy directly attacked invincible battle technique!

The terrifying power landed directly on his body. His entire body flew forward rapidly!

In an instant, he disappeared from Wang Xian's sight!

"Formation, activate!"

Wang Xian didn't care about the invincible battle technique. When he saw the multi-colored dragon Python entering the formation, he activated the formation one by one!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The entire space was entangled with the formation, attacking the formation and restraining the multi-colored dragon Python!

"Submit to me!"

In order to save time, Wang Xian moved his body. His arm turned into a dragon claw as he clawed at the multi-colored Dragon Python!

"Roar!"

With the assistance of the formation and Wang Xian's full strength, the level eight war pet of the Eternal Celestial Master had no room to fight back!

"Roar!"

Soon, a multi-colored dragon Python let out a few low moans. Wang Xian immediately began to tame it!

Ten minutes later, Wang Xian removed the formation!

"It's a success!"

The moment the formation was removed, invincible battle technique ran over excitedly and stared at him passionately!

"I've succeeded. Let's continue. Let's see if we can tame a few more!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Haha, Don't Worry, boss Wang. Leave it to me. I found another one just now!"

"This land of colorful seaweed and coral is really the lair of the colorful Dragon Pythons!"

Invincible battle technique roared excitedly and immediately flew in!

Wang Xian immediately began to set up the formation!

"There's no need for too many. If I can get four or five multi-colored dragon pythons, I can fight against the experts of the city in the sky!"

Wang Xian's eyes were flashing with a cold glint!

As long as there were four or five of them, he could fight against them. Even if he had to sacrifice a few multi-colored dragon pythons, he wouldn't hesitate!

Perhaps it was really possible that Wang Xian would have a blessing in the future if he survived the calamity!

This piece of seaweed and coral was the lair of the multi-colored Dragon Pythons!

In just a short six hours, invincible battle technique had attracted four multi-colored dragon pythons!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, there are four of them. If we stay here for a month or two, won't we be able to tame dozens of them? When the time comes, boss Wang, give me one more!"

Invincible battle technique said excitedly to Wang Xian!

"A few dozen? You're overthinking it!"

Wang Xian glanced at him and raised his head to look at the confinement ring above his head!

This confinement ring was very special. It had been almost ten hours and it had not disappeared!

"Boss Wang, the confinement ring above your head should be disappearing soon. You Don't have to worry after it has completely disappeared!"

Invincible battle technique looked over and said to him!

The confinement circle was a bunch of confinement weapons forged by the experts who had used up their own strength. If they were hit by the confinement circle, they could either break it with their powerful strength or wait for the energy to run out!

The confinement circle above Wang Xian's head was forged by the peak of the Eternal Divine Lord. He couldn't break it!

The value of such a confinement circle was extremely high!

"Is it going to disappear soon? Those experts from the city in the sky shouldn't give up on tracking me before the confinement circle disappears!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

The four multi-colored Dragon Pythons had already entered his expectations. If he wanted to subdue them again, it might take a longer time. When the imprisonment ring disappears, the other party might leave!

"I'll give it my all!"

Wang Xian exuded a cold aura!

He looked around and immediately began to set up formations!

This time, he wanted to set up more than 20 formations to wait for their arrival. When that time came, it was uncertain who would kill who!

Moreover, even if they were no match for each other, the confinement circle above their heads would disappear. If they could not beat them, they would flee. It was a good opportunity to return to the Dragon Palace!