Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2336: 2336 counterattacked

"Boss Wang, What are you doing?"

"Are you going to continue capturing and taming the multi-colored Dragon Pythons? Then I will continue to attract them!"

Invincible battle technique was puzzled when he saw Wang Xian setting up a formation there!

There were not many multi-colored dragon pythons in this area now. He needed to change his location!

"No, I'm setting up a Killing Formation!"

Wang Xian shook his head. A strong killing intent shot out from his body. One by one, formations were formed in the Void!

"Killing Formation?"

Invincible was stunned for a moment!

"Boss Wang, aren't you going to..."

He suddenly widened his eyes and looked at Wang Xian, who was filled with killing intent. When he saw the terrifying formations being formed one after another, his face revealed a look of shock!

"Boss Wang, they have a nearly intact level nine master of the Eternal God. There are at least six or seven level eight masters!"

Invincible battle technique said hurriedly!

Wang Xian ignored him and continued to set up the formations!

"Boss Wang, can you help me tame a multi-colored dragon Python first? If you help me tame it, I'll kill you!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Invincible battle technique's expression changed drastically as he looked at Wang Xian with a bitter expression!

"Boss Wang, you didn't tame those multi-colored dragon pythons to help you kill them, right? No, what if the multi-colored dragon pythons are killed by them?"

"Boss Wang, don't think too hard. It's never too late for us to take revenge. Don't be so reckless!"

Invincible battle technique's face turned black as he tried to persuade Wang Xian!

He was really worried that Wang Xian would die in a head-on battle with that group of people. He was worried that the four multi-colored dragon pythons would be killed!

That would be a huge loss for him!

He had used a law fragment!

"Looks like this guy is really petty. wasn't he just ambushed and killed by others? He didn't lose any meat!"

Seeing that Wang Xian ignored him, his face turned black as he muttered softly!

The last time, he owed him some elixirs and went straight to the battlefield. This guy was narrow-minded and he would not provoke him in the future!

Since he could not persuade Wang Xian, he could only watch from the side!

After a while, he started to scold the people of the city in the sky again!

You Bunch of Darn Guys, why did you have to provoke Wang Xian.

Time passed slowly. As Wang Xian was not familiar with the formation, it took him an entire hour to set up more than 20 formations!

At this moment, his face was a little pale. Setting up more than 20 formations had consumed a lot of his energy!

He took out a pill and swallowed it straight into his mouth to recover the energy he had consumed!

"Phew!"

Looking at the confinement circle above his head, Wang Xian could sense that it could only last for 20 minutes at most!

"It's about time to move. I just don't know if the group of people have left yet!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself as he removed the draconic aura that covered his aura!

At the same time, he waved his arm and four colorful dragon pythons appeared in front of him!

"Chuunibyou, find a place to hide first. I'll see if I can attract the group of people over!"

Wang Xian looked at invincible battle technique at the side!

"Don't Die!"

Invincible battle technique's face darkened as he spoke to Wang Xian!

He looked at the multi-colored Dragon Pythons with some heartache and flew towards the back!

"Fight!"

Wang Xian had an idea and immediately ordered the four multi-colored dragon pythons!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The four multi-colored Dragon Pythons let out a furious roar and attacked Wang Xian directly!

The terrifying energy was wreaking havoc in the surroundings without any concealment. It could be felt within a radius of more than 100,000 kilometers!

"Bastard, you're courting death!"

Wang Xian let out a wild roar and started to fight with the multi-colored Dragon Pythons!

"Boss Wang, what is this? F * ck, this is sinister, this is so F * cking sinister!"

Invincible, who was hiding hundreds of kilometers away, was stunned when he saw this scene!

He was fighting with the four multi-colored dragon pythons that he had tamed. He wanted to draw them over and then charge at Wang Xian!

Under the sudden attack of the four colorful dragon pythons, he could severely injure at least three to four level 8 eternal lord experts!

He could even kill three to four of them!

Coupled with the formation set up by Wang Xian, he might really be able to trap and kill Level 9 eternal lord experts!

"How sinister. I really can't afford to provoke him in the future!"

Invincible in combat muttered to himself!

"Damn it, damn it. The effect of the confinement circle is about to wear off!"

At this moment, more than 100 people were gathered in a place deep in the underground sea!

The white-haired old man in the middle looked extremely embarrassed!

He looked around and clenched his fists!

This time, City Lord Jing and Pavilion Master Zong were heavily injured, and their strength was less than 10% !

In order to chase after that guy, everyone took a huge risk. In the past 10 hours, more than 10 of their subordinates were ambushed by powerful sea monsters and died!

Among them, 50 to 60 were injured and fled back to the eternal divine kingdom!

After all, this was the lowest level of the underground sea, and it was full of dangers!

Ten hours had wasted a lot of resources, and there were even less than a dozen people, but that guy had escaped!

In two days, more than 20 experts in the northern city had died because of him. How could he be willing! !

The rest of the people also had ugly expressions on their faces. Waves of tyrannical aura rushed out in all directions!

"Sigh, we're going back just like that?"

City Lord Jing's face was extremely pale, and his body looked a little hunched!

"There's no other way. Perhaps he's already..."

"Roar Roar!"

Pavilion Master Zong shook his head unwillingly. However, before he could finish his words, the battle pet beside him suddenly cried out!

"Oh?"

Pavilion Master Zong was slightly taken aback, and a stunned expression appeared on his face!

"Tian Ling, what did you say? You can smell that person's aura?"

Pavilion Master Zong hurriedly asked in pleasant surprise!

"AO AO!"

The battle pet nodded its head!

"Smell it? Let's go over immediately. Before the confinement circle disappears, we absolutely can not give up. capture him and obtain that formation!"

The white-haired old man's aura trembled, and he immediately roared!

"Let's Go!"

Without the slightest bit of hesitation, the group flew in a certain direction under the guidance of their battle pets!

"There's a shockwave coming from the battle ahead! A very strong Shockwave!"

The group flew for about ten million kilometers before they suddenly sensed the shockwave coming from the battle ahead of them. They were momentarily stunned!

"Let's Go! We have to go there now!"

A glint flashed across the white-haired Elder's eyes as he accelerated immediately!

The rest of them had a gleam in their eyes as well. They had a premonition!

Buzz

When they got close to Wang Xian, they immediately saw the pet owner of the Dragon Palace who was surrounded by four multi-colored dragon pythons!

At this moment, he looked extremely miserable. He was barely able to withstand the attacks of the four multi-colored dragon pythons!

"Hahahaha, I didn't expect that fellow to be entangled by the multi-colored dragon pythons. The heavens are really helping me. The heavens want to build our northern city, Hahaha!"

When city Lord Jing saw this scene, he couldn't help but laugh wildly!

"It should be that he encountered the multi-colored dragon pythons when he was escaping. He couldn't return to the eternal divine kingdom due to the imprisonment ring above his head. His aura was sensed when he fought with the multi-colored dragon pythons. Even the heavens are helping us!"

The white-haired Elder's face was also filled with excitement!