Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2337: 2337, kill the experts of the northern city

Everyone in the northern city was extremely excited!

They never thought that God would help them so much when they were about to lose all hope of capturing the boss of the Dragon Palace's battle pets!

At the last moment, the opponent was attacked by four colorful dragon pythons. His hidden aura was exposed again and was discovered by them!

"Old City Lord, we don't need to fight at all. He has been seriously injured by the multi-colored dragon pythons. He might be dying soon!"

An eighth-level eternal master said to the white-haired old man with excitement!

The pet boss of the Dragon Palace was injured by the four multi-colored dragon pythons. They didn't need to fight, and that guy couldn't escape either!

They could capture him effortlessly, and once they captured him, they would gain a lot of benefits!

"No, the confinement circle above his head will soon disappear. Once it disappears, he can immediately escape!"

"Besides, if the multi-colored dragon pythons kill him, then our losses will be huge!"

"Make a move now!"

The white-haired old man shook his head and stared at the front with burning eyes. He turned his eyes to everyone and ordered!

"The ancestor is right. Attack immediately!"

City Lord Jing immediately nodded. At this moment, his pale face was flushed red, and his face was filled with excitement!

The rise of northern city was right before his eyes!

"We'll directly charge over!"

Pavilion Master Zong's face was also filled with excitement. His body moved, and he directly charged forward!

The white-haired old man, City Lord Jing, and the others did not hesitate at all. They directly flew toward the battlefield!

Behind them, a few eternal celestial lords at level eight followed them!

This time, they must not let that guy escape!

"He's Here!"

"This time, all of you will die!"

At this moment, when he saw a figure rushing towards him, a hint of killing intent flashed in Wang Xian's eyes!

His plan was going very smoothly!

"Damn it!"

At this moment, he still had to put on a Show!

Wang Xian's face revealed a ferocious expression. He looked at the group of them and stubbornly resisted the attacks of the multi-colored dragon pythons!

"Hahaha, run. Where do you think you're going to run to this time? Kid, Surrender!"

When city Lord Jing saw Wang Xian's ferocious expression, he laughed out loud. He was in a great mood as he roared!

"Boom! Four Beasts, Scram!"

The white-haired old man's body shook. His level nine aura, which belonged to the eternal lord, burst out. His terrifying aura pressed down on the four multi-colored Dragon Pythons!

"Roar! Roar!"

The four multi-colored dragon pythons stared at them vigilantly. They stopped their attacks and retreated to the side uneasily. They swayed their bodies slightly!

"Hahaha, where are you going to run to now?"

The white-haired elder saw the fear in the eyes of the four multi-colored dragon pythons and laughed out loud. He stretched out his palm and grabbed at Wang Xian!

His eyes were filled with excitement and excitement!

Behind him, City Lord Jing and the sect leader were doing the same!

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, the moment they stepped into the center of the formation, the moment they flew to the left and right of the four multi-colored Dragon Pythons!

The formation was activated in an instant!

Even though the formation used a concealing formation, those who were stronger than Wang Xian could still sense the fluctuation of the formation around them!

Fortunately, the energy from Wang Xian's battle with the four multi-colored dragon pythons had concealed the fluctuation of the formation!

In addition, the people from the northern city were filled with excitement. They didn't look carefully and stepped into the area of the formation!

The moment the array formation was activated, the surrounding scene changed greatly!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

One array formation was activated, the second, third, fourth, and all the way to the twenty-third array formation were all activated!

Twenty-three array formations, seventeen offensive array formations!

A total of seventeen array formations that were enough to severely injure an eternal god Lord of the eighth rank!

Seventeen array formations exploded together at the same time, and their power was extremely terrifying!

"You dare to sneak attack me and chase after me. Today, I want to see who will kill who!"

At this moment, the injuries on Wang Xian's body disappeared instantly!

The injuries on his body were originally just a disguise!

"Roar!"

This time, he didn't hesitate at all and instantly transformed into a divine dragon!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The aura of the formation fell!

Roar! Roar! Roar

The four colorful dragon pythons on both sides also attacked them!

All of the explosions happened in an instant!

"Crap!"

"What's going on?"

"This is an ambush!"

At this moment, the expressions of the white-haired elder and the other three changed dramatically!

Their excited expressions instantly disappeared and turned into shock and anger!

The terrifying array formation attack, the attack from the four multi-colored dragon pythons on the left and right, and the owner of the Dragon Palace pet shop in front suddenly turned into a powerful creature!

Everything was out of their expectations!

"Block!"

The white-haired Elder's heart sank as he roared with a ferocious expression!

"Block! Block!"

The other six also roared and unleashed their strongest defenses!

Boom! Boom! Boom nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Seventeen attack formations covered them completely. The attacks from the four multi-colored dragon pythons also covered them!

Roar

Wang Xian opened his huge mouth and charged toward them with the destruction of the laws!

Bang! Bang! Bang

The sound of explosions rang in the formation. The black hole disturbance formation at the outermost part of the formation shook slightly and almost collapsed!

As for the position at the center, it could no longer be seen clearly!

"No, no, Old City Lord, Lord City Lord, save me!"

All of a sudden, a blood-curdling scream came from within!

"Patriarch, save me!"

At this moment, even City Lord Jing's cry for help rang out!

City Lord Jing and the sect leader were both at level nine of the Eternal Lord. However, under the attack of the law fragment, their injuries were extremely serious!

If it wasn't for the fact that they were chasing after Wang Xian, they would have gone back to recuperate!

However, this time, they might not have a chance!

Streams of terrifying energy exploded one after another. Wang Xian looked over coldly!

He could sense that the auras inside were disappearing!

"I'm going to kill you! I'm going to kill you!"

More than ten seconds later, a figure suddenly dashed out from inside!

The figure's entire body was extremely miserable. It was only half of its body!

At this moment, he was staring at Wang Xian with a blood-red face. He was like a demon that came from the Abyss to demand his life!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared at the half-figure that rushed out and sneered!

It might be difficult to kill a level nine eternal lord with such a terrifying attack. However, it was still possible to inflict serious injuries on him!

At this moment, his injuries were even more serious than those of city Lord Jing and the sect leader!

"Kill!"

However, Wang Xian was not careless. He roared and ordered the four colorful dragon pythons to attack the white-haired elder!

"Ah, I'm not reconciled. I'm not reconciled. I'm going to kill you!"

At this moment, another figure flew out. It was the sect leader of the Pet God Pavilion!

He didn't seem to be seriously injured in the attack just now. He might have used his treasure to block some of it!

He wanted to escape, but he found that he couldn't return to his eternal divine kingdom at all!

Since he couldn't escape, he would kill the pet owner of the Dragon Palace!

Kill, kill with all his might!