Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2338: 2338 killed an expert from northern city

"Hehe, only the two of you are still alive. Don't even think about leaving today. This is the result of ambushing and hunting me down!"

Seeing that the two of them were still alive, Wang Xian's face was filled with awe. He swayed his 10,000-meter long dragon body and charged straight at them!

Now that their injuries were so severe, Wang Xian was not afraid of them at all!

"Roar!"

He let out a furious roar. The five elemental laws on his dragon claws flickered as he attacked the two of them!

On both sides, four colorful dragon pythons were also attacking them!

"What kind of existence are you!"

At this moment, when the white-haired old man saw Wang Xian's form, his eyes were filled with shock!

A human could transform into a creature that was 10,000 meters long!

"He is a dragon, a divine dragon. That's right, he is a divine dragon!"

"That's not right. The Divine Dragon doesn't seem to be emitting rainbow rays of light. No, what exactly are you?"

The sect leader stared at Wang Xian, and his expression changed drastically!

A powerful pressure and a terrifying figure!

As a Beast Tamer Master, he knew a lot of sea monsters, desolate beasts, and even space beasts!

He had seen the picture of the Divine Dragon in an ancient book. It was exactly the same as the current Wang Xian. However, the Divine Dragon in the ancient book was not colorful!

"Dead man, you don't need to know too much!"

Wang Xian roared and swung his dragon claw down!

"AH, damn it. You are a guy who has mastered eight laws. How dare you kill me? Even if I am seriously injured, I can still kill you before I Die!"

The white-haired old man roared furiously with a blood-red face!

A huge mirror appeared in front of him. The white light attacked Wang Xian's dragon claws directly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

While he was attacking, the two multi-colored Dragon Pythons were also attacking him!

His expression changed slightly. His body trembled as white mirrors appeared around him and revolved around him!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The multi-colored dragon Python's attack landed on his body and was blocked by him!

In front of him, Wang Xian's dragon claw landed in the white glow and was blocked too!

"As expected of an expert at level nine of the Eternal Lord. Even with such serious injuries, he still possesses such powerful strength!"

Wang Xian's eyes focused. He opened his dragon head and a terrifying energy engulfed him!

"Go to hell!"

The white-haired old man had a ferocious look on his face. He was determined to die as he charged at Wang Xian with all his might!

"Roar! Roar!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar and the two multi-colored dragon pythons immediately coiled around him! Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The two multi-colored dragon pythons also attacked him without any regard for their lives!

"I'm just trying to fight for my life. Trying to kill me is just wishful thinking!"

A cold smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. He moved his body and waved his dragon claws. Streams of energy tore towards him!

The two colorful dragon pythons were entangled around him. They were fighting with their lives and exchanging injuries for injuries!

"Get lost!"

The white-haired elder looked extremely embarrassed when he saw the two colorful dragon pythons attacking him without any regard for their lives!

This time, they were completely defeated!

He never expected that all of this was a trap set up by the other party!

An eternal lord level eight powerhouse actually dared to set up a trap to kill their group of powerhouses!

There was also that terrifying array formation, which had a total of 17 offensive arrays!

In addition, there were four multicolored dragon pythons!

"What kind of existence did we provoke! ?"

This time, he felt some regret in his heart. The current him could kill an eternal lord rank 8 existence with his life, but would the result be like this?

After killing a multicolored dragon python, he completely perished!

"This time, not only am I doomed, the entire northern city is also doomed!"

His face was filled with despair and malevolence!

"I can't accept this. I must kill him, kill him!"

The white-haired old man went crazy. He controlled the divine weapon and attacked Wang Xian crazily!

The more he fought, the more severe the injuries on his body became!

The multi-colored dragon Python didn't care about his life at all as it coiled around him. Wang Xian, who was in front of him, wasn't injured at all!

On the side, two multi-colored dragon pythons were coiled around the sect leader!

The sect leader, who was already injured, could only endure the attacks of the two multi-colored dragon pythons!

As for the center area, at the center of the explosion, there were corpses lying there!

There were four level 8 eternal lord experts and one level 9 eternal lord, City Lord Jing!

He had fallen under the cover of the array formation!

"What... What's going on? What happened? Why did the array formation suddenly appear? and the terrifying energy that passed through it!"

At this moment, more than a hundred people from the northern city were staring blankly at the massive array formation that had suddenly appeared in front of them!

From the array formation, they could feel waves of power that made their hearts palpitate!

"The array formation that suddenly appeared, we... Our Lord City Lord, the Old Lord City Lord, and the others are most likely ambushed!"

An eternal God Lord rank 7 old man's expression changed drastically as he growled in a low voice!

In this situation, there was a 100% chance that they had been ambushed!

Since they dared to ambush them, they definitely had confidence!

The old man's words caused everyone in the surroundings to Panic!

If something really happened to the city lord and the Old City Lord, then the entire northern city would be in a complete decline!

"I hope nothing will happen. Nothing will happen!"

Some people mumbled!

"Haha, You Bunch of D * MNED fellows from Sky City actually dared to provoke boss Wang. You must be out of luck now!"

"HMPH, boss Wang has set up dozens of formations. The people who are surrounded by the formations are probably going to die soon!"

At this moment, the voice of invincible in battle techniques rang out!

He saw Wang Xian trapping all the experts and kept praying in his heart!

When he saw the people from the northern city, his face was filled with anger. He could not help but provoke them!

"Invincible in battle techniques, you are also the one who harmed our city in the sky. Our Patriarch knows about this and will definitely not let you off!"

When the people heard his words, they looked extremely embarrassed. They looked at him with murderous intent!

"HMPH, who are you threatening? My Patriarch is also a godly monarch. I, Invincible in combat arts, will be afraid of you. If you dare to sneak attack us, you are courting death!"

Invincible in combat arts roared at them without any fear!

"You..."

Everyone's expressions changed as they glared viciously at Invincible in combat arts!

However, they did not dare to attack. There was no need to say if they could crack the defensive cardinal treasures on their opponents!

Even if they were invincible in battle techniques, they didn't dare to attack rashly!

Otherwise, if the land of battle techniques got angry, the northern city wouldn't be able to quell their anger!

"Humph, a bunch of trash!"

Invincible in battle techniques glanced at them with disdain, his eyes fixed on the true formation!

"Boss Wang, Boss Wang, you mustn't be in trouble!"

He mumbled to himself!

"Ah Ah, die! You Bastard, die!"

An extremely shrill voice rang out from within the formation. The old man's face was filled with malevolence as he attacked a multi-colored dragon python in front of him!

An attack that didn't care about his life!

"Hehe, die!"

When Wang Xian saw the white-haired old man's attack before his death, his face was filled with mockery!

A Dragon Claw finger landed on his head when he was killing a multi-colored dragon Python!

"I actually died at the hands of a puny level eight eternal lord. What a joke!"

As death approached, his face was filled with unwillingness!

The white-haired old man had fallen!