Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2339: 2339 had completely formed an enmity with him

"Ah, even if you die, I will not let you have it easy!"

After the white-haired elder died, the sect leader roared with a ferocious look on his face!

The current him was already in despair! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He was the leader of the Divine Pet Pavilion, yet he actually died here!

How Pathetic, how laughable!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

A terrifying collision sound rang out. Wang Xian looked over and his eyes were filled with a cold expression!

Another multi-colored dragon Python had died!

However, he was also killed by another multi-colored dragon Python!

"I don't have any enmity with you guys. Since you guys want to kill me, I can only kill you guys!"

Wang Xian watched them die completely and muttered to himself!

"Although I have suffered a great loss by killing you guys, I shouldn't suffer too much!"

Wang Xian revealed a faint smile on his face. He transformed into his human form and collected the corpses one by one!

Now that he had transformed into the body of the Divine Dragon, it was too eye-catching. There were many experts who could recognize the divine dragon in this world!

Wang Xian wasn't sure if they would covet his body of the Divine Dragon. Therefore, they wouldn't transform into the divine dragon until the very end!

"There are quite a number of treasures. With the addition of the seven corpses, the few members of the Dragon Palace will be able to improve a lot!"

Wang Xian kept the corpses and looked at the corpses of the two colorful dragon pythons!

"I still lost a lot!"

Wang Xian mumbled. One living war pet could be exchanged for more than 20 corpses of the same level!

"However, I might not be able to obtain the corpses of the multi-colored dragon pythons without their pursuit!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. With a wave of his arm, the only black hole disturbance formation dissipated!

"The formation is disappearing!"

At this moment, more than a hundred people from northern city were staring at the formation nervously from outside!

An old man saw the fluctuation of the formation and clenched his fist tightly!

Nothing must happen to the Lords of northern city!

"Boss Wang is invincible. Northern city must die. Boss Wang is invincible. Northern city must die!"

Not far away, invincible battle technique felt the fluctuation of the formation and was extremely nervous!

If Wang Xian died inside or was captured, his battle pet would be gone!

Buzz

The formation dissipated completely and a figure was revealed!

"Hahaha, boss Wang is invincible and the world. He has unified the greater world for thousands of generations!"

When Wang Xian's figure appeared, an extremely excited voice entered his ears!

When he heard the Chuunibyou's words, Wang Xian's face turned black!

This fellow...

"Oh no!"

"It's over. The city Lord is dead. The Old City Lord and the rest are dead too. All the Lords are dead!"

However, when the people from the northern city saw Wang Xian's figure, their bodies trembled violently. A look of despair appeared on their faces!

"Run! Run back immediately!"

An old man immediately roared. Without any hesitation, he returned to his eternal divine kingdom!

They were completely scared out of their wits!

More than a hundred people disappeared quickly!

When Wang Xian saw them escaping, he didn't attack them. If they wanted to escape, he couldn't stop them!

"Boss Wang, you're too powerful!"

A figure pounced at him. He was almost hugging his thigh!

Wang Xian kicked him and told him to stay away from him!

"Boss Wang, Um, do you think we should go back now?"

"That multi-colored dragon python..."

He rubbed his hands nonchalantly and said with a smile!

"Two of them are dead. I'll give you one!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said!

"Two of them are dead. Sigh, this bunch of darn beasts from the northern city actually killed two multi-colored dragon pythons. They deserve to die for their crimes!"

Invincible said indignantly, but his mouth almost opened in excitement!

He didn't care how many he killed. As long as he could get one, it would be enough!

The Mount of an eternal God Lord Tier 8. Imagine if he rode an eternal god Lord Tier 8 colorful dragon Python and walked around in the sky above the battle technique city!

"The female fans of the fan club should be able to break through 50 billion!"

He mumbled and couldn't be more excited!

This time, it would definitely shake up the entire Tianze continent!

"Then I'll have to trouble boss Wang to help me tame it!"

Invincible battle technique opened his mouth and said to him!

"You're not missing out!"

Wang Xian looked at him speechlessly and summoned a multi-colored dragon Python!

It was rare for a Level 1 eternal lord to ride on the level 8 battle pet of the Eternal Lord!

Firstly, sea monsters were powerful, and they wouldn't submit to the weak, even if they were tamed!

Secondly, the weak wouldn't dare to ride on a powerful battle pet. If the battle pet went berserk, they could easily kill their master!

However, he wasn't afraid of invincible battle techniques. He had a defensive true treasure!

It took him a full ten hours to help invincible battle techniques tame the colorful dragon pythons. The main reason was that this guy was too weak, and it took too much time!

"Let's put away the battle pets first and see if there are still multi-colored dragon pythons in this seaweed coral area. If there are, I will tame a few more!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle tactic!

This time, if the two multi-colored Dragon Pythons didn't die, Wang Xian would sell them when he went back. It was possible for him to directly break through to the fourth level of the Eternal Lord and level up two levels consecutively. His strength would reach the peak of the Eternal Lord!

"Boss Wang, leave it to me. In the future, let me know about this. I will definitely go through Hell and back!"

At this moment, invincible battle technique opened his mouth and looked like he was loyal!

"Go!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at him!

This time, without invincible battle technique, he might really die. It was only right to give him a colorful dragon python!

Without him, it would be very difficult for him to obtain so many battle pets!

"What should we do now? City Lord Jing has fallen, the Old City Lord has fallen, and even the level 8 eternal lord is left with only one person. Our northern city has completely fallen!"

At this moment, in the northern city of Sky City, more than 200 experts had gathered together!

The leader was a pale old man. The old man was an level 8 eternal lord, and he was the last level 8 eternal Lord in northern city. He was the strongest one!

He did not follow them this time. Instead, he was in charge of the northern city!

After everyone had escaped, they immediately gathered together to discuss the future!

"Sigh!"

The old man looked at everyone present and sighed heavily. His face looked even paler!

The city Lord was dead, the Old City Lord was dead, and he was the only level eight expert!

As one of the eighteen cities in the sky, the northern city was already extremely weak!

"The death of the Old City Lord and City Lord Jing is a great event for us. We have to report this to the main city and the Patriarch!"

The old man said slowly, and everyone around fell silent!

What would happen to northern city next?

"The patriarch and my father died for our northern city. We can't let them die like this and tell the main city everything!"

"When the time comes, you can say that they have obtained a map of the earth qilin turtle sea monster and are going to subdue it. Then, they will be ambushed and killed by the pet owner of the Dragon Palace. You can also tell them about the array formation!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly roared with a ferocious face!

His words made everyone's hearts tremble!