Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2340: 2340 returned with a full load

In the hall, everyone was staring at the middle-aged man!

The middle-aged man was the descendant of the Old City Lord, the son of City Lord Jing, and now had the strength of an eternal Lord Tier 5!

In the future, he had a 90% chance of inheriting the position of city Lord!

But now, the old ancestor was dead, his father was dead, and northern city was practically dead in name!

Either the other cities were allowed to merge, or the main city sent people to take over!

How could the middle-aged man be willing to let this go? How could he not take revenge?

The rest of the people were slightly silent. They would also suffer a huge loss from the loss of the northern city this time!

"Alright, I support it. The owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop killed our city lord. We must take revenge for this. We are not his match, but it's easy for the experts of Sky City to kill him!"

"He only killed the city lords by relying on schemes and tricks. Once the experts of Sky City attack them, he won't live long!"

An old man stood up. He used to be the trusted aide of city Lord Jing!

"Okay, do you have any objections?"

The tier 8 old man in the center swept his gaze across everyone and said indifferently!

"No objections. We must avenge the city lords and pay with blood!"

Everyone immediately shouted!

"Alright, we will immediately contact the city lords!"

The old man nodded, waved at everyone, and immediately began to leave!

The rest of the people immediately left!

At the same time, the sky city's main city!

The Sky City in the Void was incomparably vast. The main city was filled with palaces and God kingdoms!

Even the god kingdoms of many Eternal God lords were placed there!

Here, the Sky City's god King was in charge. It was extremely safe to place the eternal God kingdoms there!

"Commander, there's an urgent message from the northern city!"

A middle-aged man stepped into a palace and spoke to a vast figure sitting on a throne!

"Weng!"

The figure waved his arm and the figure of an eighth-ranked elder appeared in front of him!

"Where is your city lord? What do you want to report?"

The elder in the image of the figure shrouded in divine light asked indifferently!

"The former Vice City Lord of the northern city pays his respects to the commander. The commander has made the decision for our northern city. The Old City Lord, the city Lord, and the other rank 8 experts of the northern city have all been killed by the traitors. We request the commander to help us take revenge!"

The elder directly knelt on the ground and said loudly!

"Eh? What? Jing Yue and the Northern Kingdom of Jing have fallen? What on Earth is going on?"

The divine light fluctuated a little, and the voice of the figure inside turned cold!

Two tier 9 eternal lord experts had fallen. This was a great loss to the entire Sky City!

Especially since they were the city lords of the northern city. Who Dared to kill the experts of their Sky City?

This was a complete provocation to the sky city!

"Commander, Father and ancestor were killed by the owner of the Dragon Palace's pet shop..."

A middle-aged man appeared on the screen and said angrily!

"We will make the decision for the two city lords of the northern city. No one can provoke the Sky City!"

Dozens of seconds later, the figure shrouded in divine light said slowly!

"Thank you, Commander! Thank you, Commander!"

The middle-aged man quickly thanked him!

The figure shrouded in divine light waved his arm and the image disappeared!

"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!"

With a thought, he passed the news to some people in the main city!

"Commander Duan!"

Soon, seven or eight figures appeared in the hall and greeted the figure in front of them! Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"You all know the news. Let's talk about the situation in the north city!"

Commander Duan said to them!

"I asked a person in the north city just now. There's a discrepancy in the information. The north city provoked the enemy first, and then they were tricked and killed!"

An elder said directly!

"I don't care about anything else. It's true that the enemy killed our people. Those who killed us have to die. Although the north city has declined, it's still one of the eighteen cities. The city in the sky can't be offended!"

An old man beside him said directly!

"I've already sent people to investigate the identity of the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop. Now, that formation is the key!"

One of the old men followed closely and spoke!

After he finished speaking, the surroundings quieted down!

"This kind of formation can only be mastered by some of the powerful warriors of the Witch Formation Association. That Lord from the mysterious sky domain also can't master it, right? !"

An old man muttered!

"It is said that the success wizard association has this kind of array formation. This kind of array formation can only be grasped by very few people in the success Wizard Association. That Lord has never seen him use it before, so it should not be possible!"

Commander Duan said slowly. What kind of existence was the success Wizard Association?

One of the top existences in the greater thousand world, void God Emperor was overseeing it!

"The boss of the Dragon Palace War pet should have a very big relationship with that Lord!"

One of them frowned slightly!

"Regardless of whether he has a relationship or not, he has to pay the price for killing our people!"

"I agree, but we can't do it openly!"

"Send out the Sky War God squad and find an opportunity to capture him!"

"Inform the progenitor of this matter!"

The old men immediately spoke up!

Even if they knew that the boss of the Dragon Palace's War Pet had a very close relationship with a godly monarch, that formation was still worthy of them taking action!

A formation that was extremely precious even in the Wizard Association, let alone to them!

Revenge was just an excuse!

In the underground sea, Wang Xian didn't know that he had formed a deadly enmity with the city in the sky!

He also didn't know that a group of experts at the pinnacle of the Eternal God Lord was eyeing him!

Invincible battle technique continued to search for the multi-colored dragon pythons. Perhaps it was because of the battle, or there were only four multi-colored dragon pythons in this area!

Invincible continued to search outside for five days, but he did not encounter any multi-colored dragon pythons!

This made Wang Xian feel a little helpless!

The level 8 Sea Monsters of the eternal lord were not cabbages in the depths of the underground sea. Otherwise, the humans in the Tianze continent would have been wiped out long ago!

"Boss Wang, why don't we continue to search?"

Invincible did not slack off this time as he spoke to Wang Xian!

"There's no need. I've been out for more than 20 days. It's time to go back!"

Wang Xian shook his head. He would go back and level up first. Next time, he would be able to fight against the level 9 sea monster of the Eternal Lord!

"Alright, Alright. Let's go back immediately!"

Invincible was a little excited when he heard Wang Xian's words. Although he had used up the law fragment given to him by his ancestor this time, he had managed to exchange it for a multi-colored dragon Python battle pet. He had made a huge profit!

Most importantly, he could pretend to be thirteen again!

"Let's Go!"

Following that, invincible battle technique flew out excitedly. He flew out from the surface of the sea and headed straight for the nearest city in the city of battle technique!

When he arrived at the city, Wang Xian did not follow him back to the city of battle technique. Instead, he went straight back to the Xuan Heaven Domain through the formation!

The harvest this time was extremely huge for Wang Xian!

Close to 400 war pets at the level of the Eternal Lord would be able to upgrade him by one and a half levels or even more!