Chapter 2341: 2341 Dragon Palace’s war pets were well-known

Wang Xian was making his way to the Xuan Heaven Domain through the teleportation formation!

At the same time, invincible battle technique was also making his way to battle technique city through the teleportation formation!

Compared to Wang Xian, invincible battle technique was very close to battle technique city. Furthermore, as the city where the patriarch of battle technique city was located, he could teleport there directly!

However, invincible in combat arts did not return to combat arts city directly. Instead, he made two transfers to the nearest city in combat arts city!

After coming out from the teleportation formation, invincible in combat arts raised his head and scanned his surroundings. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he exuded an invincible aura!

That's right, it was the aura of invincibility in the world!

At this moment, he felt that he was an invincible existence!

His body moved and he flew into the sky, looking down at the entire city!

"Hahaha, Next, the entire world will be shocked by my invincible battle techniques!"

Invincible battle techniques could not help but laugh wildly. His body shook and he shouted, "Summon battle pets, multi-colored Dragon Pythons!"

His voice resounded through the sky!

"Roar!"

In the next moment, an incomparably terrifying aura came from below him, and his roar resounded through the entire sky of the city!

At this moment, the expressions of all the experts within the city changed drastically, and many of them revealed terrified expressions!

Under the body of invincible battle technique, a multicolored dragon Python appeared. He stood on the head of the multicolored dragon python, exuding an inexhaustible sense of elegance and arrogance!

But at this moment, his mouth was wide open like a child's torn crotch!

"Invincible battle technique is passing by, and has disturbed all the Elders!"

He saw many experts nervously soaring into the sky, and the corners of his mouth slightly curled up as he said indifferently!

"What? Invincible in battle technique!"

"It's invincible in battle technique young master!"

When everyone heard this voice, a shocked expression appeared on their faces!

"Dragon Python, let's go to the battle technique city!"

Invincible in battle technique lightly ordered!

"Roar Roar!"

The multicolored dragon Python let out a wild roar and directly flew in the direction of the Battle Technique City!

Below, everyone revealed an extremely shocked expression!

The battle technique was invincible. He actually had an eternal God lord rank 8 multi-colored dragon Python battle pet. This was an eternal God Lord rank 8!

In the entire Tianze continent, there was no such terrifying battle pet!

Everyone in the entire city was extremely shocked!

"Young Master Invincible is doing this on purpose, right? He came out from the teleportation array and summoned his battle pet to fly towards the battle technique city. It's completely unnecessary. He can totally teleport to the battle technique city!"

On the top of the tallest building in the city, a middle-aged man said to the old man beside him with a speechless face!

"It's also good to let the entire Tianze continent experience invincible's strength!"

The old man looked at it with a smile instead!

The news of invincible riding on the colorful Dragon Python of the level 8 eternal God Lord quickly spread on the AI!

At this time, the main character was standing on top of the colorful dragon Python's head excitedly, and his face was slightly distorted!

There was nothing he could do, the multicolored dragon Python's speed was too fast, and he was somewhat unable to stand steadily!

But even so, his eyes were still filled with light!

"In front of us is the battle technique city. Take a circle, Dragon Python, with a roar, let everyone know that I, invincible in battle technique, AM coming!"

Invincible in battle technique patted the multicolored dragon Python and said with a loud laugh!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The multicolored dragon Python's Roar shook the entire battle technique city!

In an instant, all the experts in the battle technique city looked at the sky and immediately flew over!

There were five or six peak eternal god Lord experts flying over!

"It's invincible! Invincible on Top!"

The peak eternal God Lord Expert who was the first to fly out was also stunned when he saw the multi-colored dragon Python's invincible battle technique!

The last time he rode on the ice drill crocodile, which was a rank 5 eternal God Lord, had already shocked them!

Now he was an eternal God Lord Tier 8 multi-colored Dragon Python, which was a full three ranks higher!

Even peak experts like them couldn't get an eternal God Lord Tier 8 multi-colored dragon Python battle pet. Such a battle pet would be considered a top-tier expert in the field of battle techniques!

"Invincible, this battle pet of yours, this, this..."

An old man couldn't help but ask!

"How are you, grandfathers? Haha, aren't You Handsome? Wait a moment, I want to take a tour around the battle technique city!"

Invincible battle technique said proudly. He patted the multicolored dragon Python and began to circle around the battle technique city!

Below, many powerful figures rushed into the sky and stared at invincible battle technique with their mouths Agape!

In the city, everyone raised their heads and slightly opened their mouths, filled with disbelief! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Their invincible young master actually had an eternal God lord rank eight multicolored dragon Python Battle Pet!

"Big Brother, Big Brother He..."

In the center of the Battle Technique City, Zhan Fa Tian Mei looked at her big brother and slightly opened her mouth!

On the side, their father's face was a bit dark!

His own kid got such a terrifying battle pet, didn't it mean that his strength was even stronger than his?

"Invincible Young Master, you this... Where did this battle pet come from!"

On the lower seat, a beauty looked at the multi-colored dragon Python battle pet with infatuation and asked!

"Hehe, it's just a level eight battle pet of the Eternal Celestial Master. It was given to me by my boss Wang. Oh, boss Wang is the boss of the Dragon Palace Battle Pet!"

"Next time when I'm stronger, I'll look for him to exchange for a stronger battle pet!"

Seeing the beautiful lady staring at him, invincible battle technique said nonchalantly!

At this moment, he didn't mind giving Wang Xian a boost. After all, he was a big shot now and needed to hug him tightly!

"Hiss!"

"Is the Dragon Palace's War Pet given to young master invincible?"

Below, everyone took a deep breath when they heard his words. Their faces were filled with shock!

"Brat, get your ass over here!"

At this moment, an incomparably huge palm wrapped around him and the multi-colored dragon Python!

The powerful Dragon Python didn't have the slightest bit of control over it!

"Patriarch!"

The expression of invincible battle technique changed slightly. He flew straight back to the mountain range behind him!

The peak experts around the battle technique city smiled and immediately flew towards the patriarch!

"Patriarch, Why Did You Catch Me Here!"

After being caught into an ancient hall, invincible battle technique looked at a fat old man in front of him and said with slight dissatisfaction!

It ended before he even started to show off, which made him very unhappy!

"Shut up, how can you talk to your forefather?"

The chubby old man stretched out his hand and slapped his head!

Invincible battle technique put on a bitter face and didn't dare to be arrogant anymore!

"Forefather!"

At this time, more than 20 eternal God lord rank 9 and peak experts walked in from the battle technique area!

This was only a part of it!

"En!"

The chubby old man nodded and also knew why they came in!

The Level 8 War Pet of the Eternal God Lord was indeed shocking. Even he was a bit surprised!

"Tell me, how did you get this War Pet?"

Sitting on the main seat, the Fat Elder asked directly!

"Boss Wang gave it to me. Boss Wang is the boss of the War Pet of the Dragon Palace!"

Invincible replied!

"I know how he got it. Why did he give it to you for no reason?"

The Fat Elder continued to ask!

"I can't tell you how he got it. I swore at that time that if I told you, my entire family would be wiped out!"

Invincible battle technique said with a bitter face!

As soon as he finished speaking, the Fat Elder's face turned black, and the corners of the mouths of the experts from the land of battle technique twitched!