Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2342: Everyone knew about 2342 Dragon Palace’s war pets

"Bang!"

In a hall in the land of battle techniques, invincible battle technique was slammed heavily onto the ground, leaving only his head!

He looked at his ancestor with a bitter face, as if he was about to cry!

He did swear that he would not reveal boss Wang's secret!

The Fat Elder in front of him had a dark face, and the other experts in the land of battle techniques also turned their heads speechlessly!

"Forefather, I helped boss Wang attract the sea monsters. He captured and gave me a multicolored dragon Python!"

Invincible said weakly!

"Where's the Law Fragment on You?"

The Fat Elder glared at him and asked!

"I used the law fragment!"

Invincible said. Seeing the forefather glaring at him fiercely, he did not dare to hide it. "A group of people from Sky City ambushed boss Wang. I was still hoping that boss Wang would give me a battle pet!"

"So I used the law fragment and heavily injured two eternal lord rank 9 experts. I helped boss Wang Escape!"

"However, that group of people did not end well either. Boss Wang set up an array and killed them all!"

As he said this, he secretly looked at his ancestor's expression!

"Huh? How many people attacked him?"

The Fat Elder was slightly stunned. His face was filled with confusion!

"Three rank 9, but two were severely injured by me, and four rank 8. In order to kill them, two colorful Dragon Pythons died!"

"These damn guys are coveting boss Wang's Treasures!"

Invincible said angrily!

"All of them? The owner of the Dragon Palace's pet shop seems to be very young. I didn't expect him to have such terrifying strength!"

An elder behind said with a face full of astonishment!

"That Kid has a very deep relationship with Xuan Tianzi. He might be the illegitimate son of Xuan Tianzi. His talent is too monstrous!"

The Fat Elder raised his eyebrows and said indifferently!

When he obtained an ice drill crocodile pet from invincible battle technique, he had already checked Wang Xian's information!

He had used all the information in the land of battle techniques, but he still couldn't find out where the young man came from!

Mysterious, extremely mysterious!

The corners of the mouths of the elders twitched when they heard the patriarch's words. That godly monarch was already so old, how could he still have a child...

"Scram. Go to the back room to cultivate. Don't even think about coming out unless you have comprehended the Second Law!"

The Fat Old Man looked at invincible battle technique and waved his arm, throwing it behind the mountain range!

When everyone saw invincible battle technique being thrown out, they smiled!

"Patriarch, I think Invincible's bloodline is about to awaken!"

At this moment, a white-haired old man saw invincible battle technique disappear and asked in a low voice!

"Yes, it's about to awaken. I found a master for him, and that master happily agreed!"

At this moment, a smile appeared on the Fat Old Man's face!

The reason why the entire land of battle techniques placed so much importance on the invincibility of battle techniques and why he gave him such a defensive supreme treasure was not because he was the most outstanding heaven's favorite in the past 100,000 years!

He had seen many heaven's favorites, but how could they be compared to the invincibility of battle techniques?

The name invincibility of battle techniques was personally coined by him. It meant that he had a chance to step into invincibility!

"That's Great!"

When the elders heard the elder's words, excitement appeared on their faces!

To be able to get close to that expert and become that expert's disciple, their land of battle techniques would at least be able to prosper for a few million years!

And just as invincible in battle techniques was thrown into the mountain range behind them, the name 'Invincible in battle techniques'once again resounded in the entire Heaven's selection continent!

The main reason was that invincible battle style rode a colorful dragon Python from a city to the battle style city!

What kind of existence was this colorful Dragon Python, an eighth level eternal Lord Tier Battle Pet?

How many eighth level eternal lord tier battle pets were there in the entire natural selection continent? nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Who wouldn't be envious of such a precious battle pet!

The entire AI was filled with pictures and videos of invincible battle style riding a colorful dragon python, awe-inspiring the entire Tianze!

Along with that, the dragon palace pet shop once again reverberated across the entire continent!

In the sky above Battlemaster City, invincible battlemaster had also said that his pet was given to him by the owner of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!

If the last had let one-third and one-fourth of the heaven's selection continent know about the dragon palace pet, this time, almost everyone knew about it!

"Holy Sh * t, how long has it been? He actually got an eternal lord level eight pet. How powerful is he?"

"Let's not worry about this for now. Contact general Wang immediately. If he can get a level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord, there must be a lot of others. He said that he would sell it to me this time!"

At this moment, at the front line of Blackwater, more than a dozen generals were sitting in a room and talking!

They had also received the news from the AI!

When they learned that Wang Xian had obtained the level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord, they immediately gathered together to discuss!

"The marshal has given him the position of a general. This time, we should give priority to the war pet. Let's make it clear first, I want a multi-colored dragon Python War Pet!"

One of the generals immediately said!

"I Want One Too!"

When one of the generals saw it, he immediately said!

"I Want One Too!"

"Who knows how many colorful dragon pythons there are right now, you all want one!"

"No Way, I was the first to say it, you have to give me one!"

"Who are you talking to? I'm your grandfather!"

The group of elders started arguing in the room!

...

"HM, Sister Ya Zhu, your AI here is so fun, we don't have such fun stuff over there, the communication compass isn't as good as the AI!"

The Federation Royal Family, the Federation was established 6 million years ago, back then Tian Ze continent didn't even have an undying emperor!

Back then, the Yuan family had a few powerful scientists, leading the humans to fight against the sea monsters, becoming the only royal family on Tian Ze continent!

After the Undying Emperor level sea monsters ravaged Tian Ze continent, the humans suffered heavy losses!

Back then, the Yuan family went out to ask for help, buying training methods and reforming, humanity entered the training era!

Because of the Yuan family's reform, Tian Ze continent had four undyings!

Even though they had power over the federation, they still recognized the federation and cooperated with the Federation's missions!

One was the Yuan family, they were the biggest contributor to humanity in Tian Ze continent!

Two, the Yuan family had disciples from powerful forces outside as their teachers!

This was especially true for the son of the current Supreme Leader of the Federation, who had been taken in as a personal disciple by the sect master of the Heavenly Dharma sect!

The strength of the sect master of the Heavenly Dharma sect was much stronger than all the godly monarchs of the Tianze continent!

In the Royal Palace of the Federation, more than a dozen young men and women were sitting in a room!

A girl was playing with the AI in her hand, exclaiming from time to time!

"In terms of communication ability, the communication compass is more practical!"

A girl standing next to her said with a smile!

"Eh, this is? Your Tianze continent actually has such a powerful Beast Tamer Master? To be able to tame an eighth-tier war pet of an eternal God Lord, doesn't that mean that he has the ability of a peak master!"

Suddenly, the girl looked at the information on the AI and said in surprise!