Chapter 2343: 2343 was upgraded once again

"Oh? Taming an eternal God Lord Rank-8 War Pet? There aren't many beast taming masters of this level on our starsource Planet!"

"Are you serious? There's actually such a powerful beast taming master in the Tianze Continent?"

Hearing the girl's exclamation, a few figures walked over in shock and asked the girl!

"This is real. Last time, our royal family bought a batch of war pets from him. There were more than 3,000 peak god-level war pets and more than 100 eternal God lord-level war pets. However, the last time, the highest level was eternal God Lord Rank-5!"

Yuan Yazhu saw that they were full of interest. She looked at the contents of the AI and immediately said!

"So powerful. Even Our Beast Tamer Masters can't take out so many war pets at once!"

A young man said with a shocked face!

It was not easy to capture desolate beasts and sea monsters to tame war pets, unless one was lucky enough to find the nest of sea monsters!

"I heard from Uncle Fu that this master is very powerful. In just a few months, he has sold more than a hundred eternal god Lord Level Battle Pets. This time, there will probably be more!"

Yuan Yazhu continued!

"That's quite powerful. It's a pity that senior apprentice-sister lengyue did not come with us this time. Otherwise, she might have taken a look at senior apprentice-sister Lengyue's battle pets!" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Senior apprentice-sister Lengyue seems to have gone to the Magus Beast Pavilion to look for a Beast Tamer Grandmaster. I wonder if she can cure little ai!"

Several young men and women were talking!

"Wanqing, you are on good terms with senior sister Lengyue. Have you asked about little ai?"

A girl asked the girl who was holding the artificial intelligence!

"I'll go ask now. If senior sister hasn't found someone to cure little AI, I'll ask her to come here and try her luck with a master from the Tianze continent!"

As Wanqing said this, she took out a special communication stone plate!

...

"The colorful Dragon Python War Pet of the Eternal Lord Level Eight!"

At the same time, in the city in the sky, more than a dozen people gathered together. Their eyes were also blinking as they read the information on the AI!

Wang Xian didn't know that the Dragon Palace War Pet had become famous because of its invincible battle techniques!

He also didn't know that many people had already paid attention to him!

"Sell all these war pets to the front line of the Blackwater!"

Wang Xian had already arrived at the front line of the Blackwater after passing through the array formation!

When he had just arrived, he saw more than ten people waiting there!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw that everyone was obviously waiting for him!

"General Wang is here. The harvest this time should be pretty good, right?"

Commander Xuan walked over with a smile and said!

"General Wang, how many colorful Dragon Pythons did you obtain?"

Guardian Xuan couldn't wait to greet him and ask!

"How did you guys know?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned!

"On the A.I. , that kid from the battle techniques aristocratic family rode on the colorful dragon pythons to show off. Now, he knows!"

Commander Xuan smiled and continued, "General Wang, how about selling the battle pets to us at the Blackwater frontlines this time?"

"Sure, I only have one multi-colored dragon python in my possession now. I have quite a number of level three eternal Lord Level Xingwen Flying Fish, more than 200 of them!"

"There are more than 100 level one to level six war pets!"

Upon hearing their words, Wang Xian understood in his heart and said to them!

"More than 300 eternal Lord Level War Pets?"

Everyone was slightly shocked and their eyes turned hot!

How many eternal lord-level experts were there in the front line? More than 3,000, which was equivalent to a 10% increase in strength!

This was a huge benefit for the entire Blackwater front line!

As for the colorful Dragon Python, although they were a bit disappointed, they were already lucky to get it!

"General Wang, we want all of them!"

Commander Xuan immediately said!

"Alright, the price will be based on the rules set by the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"We might not have so many elixirs, and some of them are also needed by the soldiers on the frontlines. A portion of them will be paid with the corpses of the sea monsters!"

Commander Xuan muttered to himself!

"The corpses of the Sea Monsters?"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. "How much do you want to pay for the corpses of the Sea Monsters?"

"About one-third. How about it, general Wang? is that not possible?"

Commander Xuan frowned and asked!

The battle pets that Wang Xian brought out this time had completely exceeded their expectations!

The frontline soldiers also needed elixirs. They couldn't bring out all of them, so they had to store some in reserve!

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded. One-third didn't stop him from upgrading his level by one level!

However, if that was the case, he might be a little further away from the peak combat strength of the Eternal Lord!

However, Wang Xian was not in a hurry. If he were to capture sea monsters again in the future, he would only come back when he could level up to level four!

"That's good, that's Good!"

A smile appeared on the faces of the generals. They returned to the residence of the Dragon Palace Army with Wang Xian!

They called the soldiers who had their battle pets over and asked Wang Xian to help tame them!

Wang Xian kept the resources that they gave him and placed the corpses of the sea monsters into the Dragon Palace!

In the next few days, he began to help the frontline soldiers tame the war pets!

During this period, he also read the information on the AI. He was very satisfied with the method of being invincible in battle techniques!

Now, the attention of the Dragon Palace's War Pets Shop had reached 100 billion people!

Wang Xian announced the harvest in the Dragon Palace shop. However, he also announced that all of these war pets were sold to the Blackwater front line!

This made many forces and experts look disappointed!

At the same time, they were also shocked by the Dragon Palace's war pets that had acquired more than 300 eternal lord-level war pets!

From start to finish, the Dragon Palace's War Pets had sold nearly 500 eternal lord-level war pets!

This shocked everyone!

"Three level nine corpses of the eternal lord, six level eight corpses of the eternal lord, Level Seven and level six corpses of the Eternal Lord, and the sea monster corpses from the Blackwater front line!"

"With so many corpses, how many level eight eternal lord-level leaders can the Dragon Palace produce?"

After five days of training the sea monster for the soldiers from the Blackwater front line, Wang Xian looked at the harvest with a smile on his face!

With so many corpses, at least two to three eternal lord level eight members would be born in the Dragon Palace!

It was a must to add a few more experts from the Dragon Palace to take charge!

As for the rest of the levels, Wang Xian didn't plan to increase them for the time being. He wanted to increase the combat strength of the Eternal Lord Level First!

With so many resources, it shouldn't be a problem for seven to eight hundred members of the Dragon Palace to be promoted to the eternal lord level!

With that, the number of eternal lord level existences in the Dragon Palace could reach 1,200 to 3,000!

"I can also increase my own strength!"

Wang Xian looked at the rest of the elixirs and smiled!

The elixirs in his hands were enough for him to increase his strength!

After entering the room, he placed the elixirs into his mouth one by one. The Dragon Qi in his body was increasing at a terrifying speed!

"Boom!"

Soon, his body shook and a dragon's roar came from within his body. A terrifying might rushed towards his surroundings!