Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2344: 2744 immortal King Desolate Beast Cub

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal God Lord Level 3(Divine Dragon Transformation Level 6)

Origin: 17/500

Ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below one's level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the heavens, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 3)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 7.

Members of Dragon Palace: 165693

"Phew, another level up!"

Wang Xian looked at his attributes with a smile on his face. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

The improvement in his strength was simply too fast!

Stretching his body, Wang Xian flew towards the Xuantian Academy with a smile on his face!

It had been more than a month since he left the academy. It was time for him to return to the academy to see his students!

"Teacher!"

"Hello, teacher Wang!"

Upon arriving in class one, the students greeted him immediately!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded to the girls. "I will be staying here for three days. If you don't understand anything in these three days, you can come and look for me!"

"Yes, teacher!"

The girls nodded immediately.

"Situ Yan, have you finished eating the tentacles that you brought last time? I have some flesh and blood of the multi-colored dragon Python here. It will be enough for you to eat for a period of time!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he threw an interspatial ring to Situ Yan!

"The flesh and blood here will be distributed according to the previous distribution. Huang Jiajia, Yu Bingbing, and Xiao Lan, you three will be in charge of supervising it!"

"Oh right, if the four of you have improved your abilities, look for me. I will continue to teach you the Curse Formation!"

As he spoke, he walked straight into a room!

"Thank you, teacher!"

The group of girls thanked Wang Xian excitedly!

"Sister Yan, the multi-colored dragon Python seems to be a level eight sea monster of the Eternal Lord. It is the Mount of the invincible mount in the battlefield. Teacher actually brought us such precious flesh and blood for us to consume!"

"Teacher is too good to us. Furthermore, Sister Yan, Jia Jia, Bing Bing and Xiao Lan, I'm really envious of you. Teacher will teach you the curse formation in the future. It is very likely that he will give you a complete inheritance!"

When they saw Wang Xian enter the room, a group of girls surrounded Situ Yan and the rest. They were a little excited and envious!

"A complete curse formation, the flesh and blood of the level eight sea monster of the Eternal Lord!"

At the side, a girl was standing there in a Daze!

She was tianxin, and she was also the student with the highest realm in class one!

Her family background was not bad. She had been cultivating at home. The last time when something happened in class, she was informed by her classmates. However, she did not rush over at that time!

In her opinion, this was a waste of her time!

However, she never expected that Situ Yan, Huang Jiajia and the others, who were weaker than her back then, would be taught a terrifying and powerful curse formation by her teacher!

With such a formation, which teacher in Xuantian Academy would know how to use it?

She had missed a huge opportunity and this made her extremely regretful!

If she had known earlier...

She looked at Situ Yan and the others, who were surrounded by a group of students with a bitter expression!

The resources that the teachers had given them, even her family couldn't afford it! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Now, when the other classes and even the senior students of Xuantian Academy learned about the conditions of the new student class 1, their eyes were burning with passion!

No one dared to provoke the new student class 1 Now!

Not to mention that there were four curse array masters in the class, even their extremely powerful teachers who protected their own shortcomings, no one dared to provoke a group of girls!

This teacher was someone who dared to kill a heaven's favorite in the Academy!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

On the second day, Wang Xian's AI rang. He was slightly stunned when he saw the content!

During this period of time, many people had contacted him, especially the group of girls who were the descendants of Xuan Tian!

When the thirty to forty girls learned that Wang Xian was the boss of the Dragon Palace's War Pet and that he had become a general at the front line!

Especially after the fame of the Dragon Palace's War Pet had spread across the world recently, all the girls took the initiative to chat with him!

However, Wang Xian didn't reply to any of them!

He wasn't a Prince Charming who could be seduced by any random beauty!

"Fu Guo: Going to the Federation's Royal Family?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly!

The one who sent the message was the powerhouse from the Federation's Royal Family who bought the war pet last time. This time, he was invited to the Federation's Royal Family!

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before replying to him!

He didn't have the time at the moment. Furthermore, Fu Guo didn't say anything. If there was anything, he could come to the mysterious sky territory to look for him!

"Your Highness, that person isn't willing to come. He said that if there's anything, he can come to the mysterious sky territory to look for him!"

At the same time, in the Royal Palace of the Federation, Fu Guo spoke bitterly to Yuan Yazhu who was beside him!

"You royal family can't even call a single person over?"

At a side, a young man frowned slightly and said directly!

"Young Master Jiao, our Yuan family doesn't have a godly monarch in the Tian Ze continent. Moreover, the other party's strength is extraordinary. If we want to call him over directly, I'm afraid only godly monarchs will be able to speak!"

At the side, an elder said with an apologetic smile!

"Senior sister Leng Yue, why don't we make a trip to that mysterious Sky Domain?"

Wan Qing, who was holding the A.I. , looked at a woman beside her and said!

The woman was at least 1.7 meters tall, and her entire being was as cold as ice. She stood there as if she was a few kilometers away from the others!

"Since you're here, let's go take a look!"

The woman was holding a pet in her arms. It was similar to a cat, snow-white in color, and it didn't move at all!

"Leng Yue, even the ordinary grandmasters of the Witch Beast Pavilion couldn't cure Xiao Ai. How could a Beast Tamer Master from the Tianze Continent Cure Xiao Ai?"

The cold-looking young man who had just started speaking frowned slightly!

The young man was dressed in black, and his lips were thin. His face was extraordinarily handsome!

Especially his head, which had a pair of white jade horns on it. Clearly, he wasn't a human!

"Senior brother Jiao Ming, since you're here, let's go and take a look!"

Wan Qing said to the young man!

Jiao Ming did not say a word, but his eyes looked at Leng Yue!

"Let's go, I'll have to trouble sister ya Zhu!"

Leng Yue nodded and said to Yuan ya Zhu!

"No trouble!"

Yuan ya Zhu shook her head and looked at Fu Guo and the old man beside her!

"Miss Leng Yue, Miss Wan Qing, Young Master Jiao, let's Go!"

Fu Guo said respectfully to them!

"Okay!"

They nodded and flew to the nearest teleportation array in the most luxurious fighter jet in Tianze continent!

"Your Highness, we're going to the pet shop of Dragon Palace on Tianhai Island. Boss Wang is waiting for us there!"

An hour later, they arrived at the mysterious Sky Territory!

Fu Guo said to Yuan Yazhu!

"Okay!"

Yuan Yazhu nodded and said a few words to Wan Qing, Leng Yue, and the rest!

In the mysterious Sky Academy, Wang Xian was slightly surprised when he learned that Fu Guo had rushed over so quickly!

He didn't hesitate and flew straight to the Tianhai Island!