Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2345: 2745 was a crafty businessman

"He asked us to wait here?"

In the sky above the pet shop of the Dragon Palace, the newest fighter jet of the Tianze continent was floating!

In front of the shop, Jiao Ming frowned and showed a trace of impatience!

They had arrived, but the other party hadn't arrived yet!

A Master Beast Tamer of the Tianze continent asked them to wait here!

Beside them, Fu Guo and an old man smiled and didn't say a word!

"They're here!"

At this moment, Fu Guo saw the figure in front of him and said immediately!

"Sorry, we're Late!"

Wang Xian saw Fu Guo and the rest and said to them with a smile!

His gaze swept across the crowd and landed on the pet in the arms of a Lady!

Thousand Civet cat: Level 1 immortal King Cub

Status: heavily injured and dying

A system message entered Wang Xian's mind. A hint of surprise flashed across his eyes as he opened the door of the shop!

"Please come in!"

He said to Fu Guo and the rest!

"Your Highness, the two ladies and Young Master Jiao, please come in!"

Fu Guo said respectfully to Yuan Ya Zhu and Leng Yue!

Everyone looked at Wang Xian with a hint of surprise in their eyes!

They thought the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet would be an old man. They didn't expect him to be so young!

How could such a young man tame the level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord?

The few of them entered the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop with doubts in their hearts!

"Such a shop at such a young age, how could he be a Beast Tamer Master? Looks like we've come to the wrong place!"

Jiao Ming looked at the small shop and scanned the surroundings as he spoke coldly!

Even Leng Yue frowned slightly without anyone noticing!

His aura was too young, and the shop was too shabby in their eyes!

Wang Xian heard the conversation at the back and didn't pay much attention to it!

"Boss Wang is able to tame the level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord. He is exceptional!"

Fu Guo, who was following behind, said in a low voice!

"Then I would like to take a look!"

Jiao Ming said in disbelief!

Leng Yue, who was at the side, nodded and followed them in!

"Brother Fu, what's so urgent that you have to rush over?"

Wang Xian gestured to the group of people to sit down and said to Fu Guo!

"It's the heaven's favorites from the same sect as our prince who saw you taming a bunch of battle pets. We would like to see if you can help us with something!"

Fu Guo looked at Leng Yue and said!

"Same sect as the Prince?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly!

"Master Wang, can you take a look at my pet?"

Leng Yue said to Wang Xian. However, she didn't pass the thousand civet cat to Wang Xian!

"Thousand civet cat, a level 1 immortal king level desolate beast cub. It's heavily injured!"

Wang Xian said to her!

If not for the system notification, Wang Xian wouldn't have known that an extremely beautiful pet would be an immortal king level battle pet!

This was the first time he had seen such a level battle pet!

"Oh? Master, can you help me take a look?"

Leng Yue's eyes were filled with surprise. Her attitude changed drastically as she stood up and said to him!

"Let me take a look!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to her!

"Alright!"

Without any hesitation, Leng Yue handed it over immediately!

The fact that the other party could recognize her pet at a glance and sense that it was severely injured was proof of its ability!

Wang Xian took over the thousand civet cat and used his hand to sense it!

"Give me an elixir. It's the highest grade one you have on you!"

Wang Xian said to her!

"Huh? You want an elixir before treating him? That's against the rules!"

Jiao Ming frowned and said to Wang Xian!

His first impression of the pet owner of the Dragon Palace was not very good!

"This is the most precious elixir I have on me. Elixirs of too high levels are not of much use to me. I have a lot of God Stones!"

Leng Yue took out an elixir without hesitation and said to him!

"Eternal Lord Level 9!"

Wang Xian was not too surprised when he saw her taking out such a precious elixir!

A lady who could own a Level 1 immortal King War Pet must have an extraordinary background!

Wang Xian kept the pill and looked at his attributes. He then transferred 7 units of Origin Dragon Energy into the thousand civet cat's body!

One level 9 eternal God Lord Pill could bring him 10 units of Origin Dragon Energy. It was not a loss at all!

Buzz Buzz

When the Origin Dragon Energy entered the thousand civet cat's body, its body trembled and a ray of light flashed across its body!

The position of its heart started to fluctuate slightly!

"This is?"

Leng Yue's face revealed an excited expression, and she stared at her pet nervously!

"It's actually getting better!"

Jiao Ming was slightly stunned, and a shocked expression appeared on his face!

Even a Beast Tamer Grandmaster from the star origin planet and a grandmaster from the Witch Beast Pavilion could not treat it, but he was actually able to make it get better!

This was simply unbelievable!

"His injuries are too serious. If you want to treat him completely, 150 level 9 eternal Lord tier pills should be more than enough!"

Wang Xian said!

In fact, Wang Xian had consumed 100 level 9 eternal lord tier pills and was able to make the thousand civet cat recover completely!

However, he had to charge a fee as well. 50 level 9 eternal Lord tier pills were his reward!

If he could obtain these 50 level 9 eternal lord elixirs, his strength would be enhanced immediately!

"Can I really recover all of them?"

Leng Yue revealed an excited expression and said to Wang Xian!

"Sure!"

He nodded his head! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Look at how relaxed you were just now. Isn't 150 level 9 eternal lord elixirs too expensive?"

Jiao Ming frowned and said from the side!

The young man's hand had recovered a little just now. It was too easy!

"Up to you!"

Wang Xian passed the pet to Leng Yue and shrugged!

The value of 150 elixirs was indeed not low. However, compared to the value of a young immortal king, it was totally worth it!

"As long as Xiao Ai can be cured, 150 level 9 eternal lord elixirs is not much. However, I don't have so many elixirs in my hands. I will pay with divine stones!"

Leng Yue said hurriedly!

"Divine stones are not enough. I only want elixirs!"

Wang Xian shook his head. Divine stones could not be converted into Dragon Qi. If he were to consume too much of it, his level would drop!

However, he was a little surprised that he could take out divine stones that were worth 150 level-9 eternal lord elixirs. If he had known earlier, he would have asked for 200 elixirs!

What a loss!

Leng Yue frowned when she heard his words. She looked at Yuan Yazhu and the old man and opened her mouth slightly!

"Miss Leng, we can take out the divine stones, but we really can't take out so many eternal god Lord level pills!"

The old man shook his head bitterly. The royal family of the Federation focused on technology. Although there were many disciples cultivating now, they really couldn't take out 150 level 9 eternal God Lord Pills!

They could afford the divine stones!

"Can you help me treat Xiao Ai First? I will return to the star origin planet immediately to get the elixirs!"

Leng Yue looked at Wang Xian and said!

"Master Wang, the royal family can vouch for you. We will definitely not lose a single elixir for you!"

Yuan Yazhu said from the side!

Fu Guo and the rest also looked at Wang Xian!

"No!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Can we still go back on our word? We can still afford these elixirs!"

Beside him, Jiao Ming stared at him and said!

"Alright, once the elixirs are ready, just ask brother Fu to contact me!"

Wang Xian ignored him and said directly!

"You... how can we still owe you anything? Why would our Heavenly Dharma sect care about your elixirs!"

Jiao Ming's expression changed slightly when he saw Wang Xian ignoring him. He said coldly!

"Is Your Heaven Dharma sect that powerful? Alright then, the price of 200 level nine elixirs of the eternal lord has increased!"

Wang Xian chuckled!

Initially, he felt a little regretful when he saw how straightforward they were. Coincidentally, this fellow did not respect him. Hence, he decided to increase the price!

"All businessmen are evil!"

Wang Xian sighed in his heart!

This is not my fault!