Chapter 2346: 2,746 star Beast Planet

"What?"

When Jiao Ming heard Wang Xian's words, he was stunned. Then, his face turned red with anger!

Increase the price!

This fellow actually increased the price directly. He increased the price by 50 level 9 eternal lord elixirs and increased it by one-third!

Was it because he said a few more words?

"You... you don't want to..."

He glared at Wang Xian furiously and clenched his fists tightly!

"If you have any more objections, I will continue to add more. Of course, you can also choose not to treat me!"

Wang Xian looked at him indifferently and interrupted him. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

I Can't Treat You Anymore!

Ever since this fellow came in, it was as if he had been dissatisfied. Since that was the case, he wanted to let him know whose territory this was!

"You're courting death..."

"I might not be able to produce 200 level nine eternal elixirs!"

Jiao Ming was burning with rage. He glared at Wang Xian with a face full of anger. However, Leng Yue interrupted him directly. She looked at him coldly and turned to Wang Xian with a frown!

Although her background was extraordinary, 200 level nine eternal lord elixirs was not a small number!

Her family had already paid a heavy price to get Xiao Ai for her. She did not want to trouble her family anymore!

150 pills was almost her limit. 200 pills was a bit difficult!

"However, I can give you a pass to enter Starbeast planet. In five days, starsource planet will send some people to starbeast planet. Although there are nearly 100 slots in your Tianze continent, such slots are very precious

"Moreover, you are a Beast Tamer Master. In the star Beast Planet, you have the opportunity to tame more battle pets. Xiao Ai was obtained by an expert on the star Beast Planet!"

After pondering for a moment, Leng Yue opened her mouth and spoke!

Yuan Yazhu, Wan Qing, and the rest frowned slightly!

They didn't expect Wang Xian to actually raise the price from the ground!

"HMPH!"

Jiao Ming snorted coldly and didn't say anything!

He could get a spot on the star Beast Planet as well. To him, this item was not very precious!

"There are nearly a hundred spots in the Tianze continent. There are spots in the Xuan Heaven Domain as well?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked at Fu Guo with curiosity!

Fu Guo looked hesitant. He looked at Leng Yue and nodded his head!

"I can give you a map of the desolate beast lair!"

Leng Yue continued, "I don't know exactly how many level eight desolate Beast's lair maps there are!"

"Alright, it's a deal then!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and nodded his head!

After all, he was a good person. If it wasn't for the name of the dragon, he wouldn't have raised the price so easily!

Moreover, he was very curious about the possibility of obtaining a young king God in this place!

"Alright, in three days, a group of you will return to the star origin planet with us!"

Leng Yue took out a badge and handed it to Wang Xian!

On the badge was a picture of the Heaven Gate. This was the pass to the star Beast Planet!

Leng Yue looked at Xiao Ai in her arms, then looked at Wang Xian before turning around and leaving!

Everyone immediately followed behind him!

"Star Beast Planet, Pass? To obtain the young immortal god King Desolate Beast, I will ask Xuanzhen to guard them later!"

Wang Xian looked at their departing figures and looked at the pass in his hands!

As for whether there would be any danger, he was not worried. The other party had a favor to ask of him. If the Heavenly Dharma gate was really so strong, they would not harm him because of these things!

"The harvest this time is pretty good!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. With a move of his body, he flew straight to the front line!

"Leng Yue, a Beast Tamer Master from the Tianze continent dares to raise the price on the spot. He is simply courting death. We..."

In the aircraft, Jiao Ming spoke indignantly. When he thought of Wang Xian's expression just now, he was extremely furious!

To think that he, a member of the Heavenly Dharma Sect's Jiao tribe, was deliberately humiliated by a fellow from the Tianze continent. This was the greatest provocation to him!

"Alright, I'll have to trouble you to speak less!"

As Jiao Ming spoke, he was once again interrupted by Leng Yue as she gave him a cold glance!

Not only did the Beast Tamer Grandmaster from the starsource planet not have any solutions to his pet, even the Wizard Beast Pavilion Grandmaster that she went to look for did not have any solutions!

That Wizard Beast Pavilion Grandmaster spoke frankly. It was not that little ai could not be cured. The Wizard Beast Pavilion had powerful grandmasters that could cure him, but the price of inviting that grandmaster to treat him was something that she could not afford!

"I..."

Jiao Ming looked at Leng Yue, his expression constantly changing!

"Young Master Jiao, that boss Wang Has Divine King Xuan Tianzi behind him. He has a very deep background and strength in our Tianze continent!"

Fu Guo hesitated for a moment before reminding him from the side!

"Jiao Ming, I don't want any more accidents to happen. That master Wang has extraordinary abilities. One more friend is better than one more enemy!"

Leng Yue said indifferently!

Jiao Ming sat there without saying a word. His expression was a little ugly!

"Chief Xuan!"

At the front line of Blackwater, Wang Xian went straight to Chief Xuan when he arrived!

"General Wang, please come and sit!" Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Chief Xuan greeted Wang Xian with a warm face!

He was naturally very polite to a beast tamer who was highly valued by the ancestor and was very strong!

"Sorry to disturb you, Chief Xuan. I have something to ask you!"

Wang Xian went straight to the point!

"I'm not disturbing you. General Wang, just tell me what it is. You Don't have to be polite!"

Chief Xuan said it directly!

"It's about the star Beast Planet!"

Wang Xian asked him!

"Star Beast Planet? General Wang wants to go there? There should be more than a dozen spots in the Xuan Heaven Domain. It seems to be in the near future. If you want to go there, I'll get someone to get you a pass!"

Chief Xuan pondered!

"Someone gave me a pass. Where Is this star Beast Planet? What's the situation?"

"I heard that there might be a young immortal king there. Is that true?"

Wang Xian asked curiously!

"If my luck is really heaven-defying, I might really be able to get a young immortal king. Hehe!"

Xuan Zhen Shou smiled, introducing him!

"Star Beast Planet, it's a planet not too far away from the star source planet, it's a planet without humans!"

"There might have been humans there before, but they were eaten by desolate beasts, now it's a desolate Beast Planet!"

"On that planet, desolate beasts roam freely, there are all sorts of treasures, there are about 20 to 30 powerful undying god King desolate beasts, the rest of the eternal god Lord Desolate beasts are in the millions!"

"A long time ago, star Beast Planet and star source planet were enemies. Some powerful desolate beasts often flew to star source planet to wreak havoc!"

"An ancestor of Star Source Planet Killed Star Beast Planet's strongest Beast King. However, that ancestor was heavily injured and died not long after!"

"The Beast King's Undying God country is located within the space crack of star Beast Planet. Every five years, the space crack would be at its weakest. At that time, the entire star Beast Planet's god King level desolate beasts would head to the Beast King's God Country!"

"During this time, the entire star Beast Planet will be relatively safe. Every five years at this time, star source planet will send warriors to search for treasures!"

"There were once warriors who obtained an undying god King Cub Inside!"

Xuan Zhen Guardian explained in detail!