Chapter 2347: 2347’s unfriendly gaze

From Xuan Zhen's explanation, Wang Xian had a rough understanding of star Beast Planet!

Star Beast Planet was a desolate planet, where the desolate beasts were wreaking havoc!

The Beast King of Star Beast Planet had been killed by the godly king of Star Source Planet, and the Undying Godly nation was still within the star Beast Planet!

After breaking through to the Undying Godly king level, the godly king could open up space in the Void and hide his undying godly nation in it!

Reaching the undying God emperor level, it was even harder to kill!

Beast King was an undying God emperor level warrior, after being killed, the star origin planet's God Emperor couldn't enter Beast King's Undying God Country!

Right now, the Undying God country was occupied by the star Beast Planet's God kings and desolate beasts, especially the space crack that happened once every five years, they could enter Beast King's undying God Country!

During this period, it was the safest time for humans to enter the star Beast Planet!

Normally, they could enter too, but it was extremely dangerous, the moment they were targeted by an undying god King level desolate beast, they would definitely die!

This was the best time!

However, the undying god King didn't dare to enter at this time, because the moment the star Beast Planet's God kings and desolate beasts sensed the arrival of an outside god King, they might leave the Beast King's Undying God Country!

Therefore, only powerhouses below the immortal god King could enter!

Most of them were the Eternal God lords who entered during this period to look for opportunities!

Due to the relationship between the royal family of the Federation, the four major factions could have more than a dozen spots each year!

There were many reasons why the royal family of the Federation could still command the four factions without the immortal god King overseeing them!

Wang Xian had a slight understanding in his heart. After leaving Xuan Zhen's place, he flew straight into the Academy!

"Teacher Wang, let's Go!"

Two days later, Wang Xian arrived at the teleportation formation of Xuantian Academy. More than a dozen people had already arrived there and greeted Wang Xian!

"Deputy Dean Xuan, are you leading the team this time?"

Wang Xian walked over with a smile and swept his gaze across the sixteen people!

One of the deputy dean of Xuantian Academy had the strength of a peak eternal lord. Two eternal lords were at level nine, four were at level eight, and the rest were all at level seven!

All of them were top-notch experts!

"Hehe, that's right. This time, I will be leading the team. Let's go, teacher Wang. Let's go to the Federation's Royal Family First!"

Vice President Xuan nodded his head!

Everyone nodded at Wang Xian as well. Now, regardless of whether it was the upper echelons of the xuantian academy or the upper echelons of the frontline, everyone knew about Wang Xian's strength and background!

They were all polite to him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"It's not my first time going to the star Beast Planet. It's a little dangerous. However, be careful and there won't be any casualties. However, remember not to go near the territory of the Beast King!"

Vice Principal Xuan reminded Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and replied!

Going to the star Beast Planet was a good opportunity for them. Every time they went there, they would be able to obtain many good things!

The probability of casualties was very low. Sometimes, there might not be any casualties even after a few consecutive trips!

Of course, the strong ones would also die if they were not careful!

The group of people rushed towards the royal family of the Federation through the Teleportation Formation!

Half an hour later, they appeared in a palace!

Beside the teleportation formation in the palace, there were already many people who had arrived!

"Boss Wang, hahaha, boss Wang, over here!"

Before Wang Xian could take a look around, an excited voice sounded!

He followed the voice and saw the figure of invincible battle technique!

"Boss Wang, I didn't expect you to come as well!"

Invincible battle technique ran over with a face full of excitement!

"Why are you here too? With your strength, where are you going to deliver vegetables to?"

Wang Xian glanced at him indifferently and looked around!

The people from the land of battle techniques and the people from the sword domain had arrived!

"Hehe, I didn't want to come initially. However, the ancestor told me to make a trip to the star source planet. The ancestor told me to find a master for me to understand a little!"

Invincible battle technique smiled and explained to Wang Xian!

"Huh? He found a master for you?"

Wang Xian was astonished. Invincible battle technique was so well-liked by his ancestor. His ancestor could also teach him. Why would he find a master for him?

"It seems that I really have fate with boss Wang. This time, boss Wang, shall we move together?"

Invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian!

"That's possible!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head. It was pretty good to have invincible battle technique around!

At the side, the people from the aristocratic families of battle technique saw invincible battle technique talking to Wang Xian. They also smiled and looked at Deputy Headmaster Xuan and the rest. They walked over to greet him with a smile!

The experts from the four major forces were basically familiar with each other. Many of them knew each other!

Buzz

At this moment, more than a dozen figures appeared at the teleportation formation!

More than a dozen people swept their gaze across the surroundings. The old man in the middle landed on Wang Xian and suddenly raised his eyebrows!

"City Lord he, it's that Kid!"

Beside him, an old man with a pair of faint wings on his back whispered to city lord he in the middle!

"Well, I didn't expect him to go. It's true. As a Beast Tamer Master, this is a good opportunity!"

City lord he nodded lightly!

"The owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet is at level eight of the eternal master. If there's a chance, capture him!" Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

He immediately sent a voice transmission to his fifteen subordinates!

"It's city lord he!"

Some of the fifteen people were slightly surprised, while others'eyes flickered!

Among them, the weakest one was at level seven of the Eternal Lord!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian, who was chatting with invincible battle technique, noticed the stares from everyone and raised his eyebrows slightly!

When he saw that they were the experts from the city in the sky, his eyes lit up!

"Boss, it's those guys from the city in the sky. Those guys don't look friendly at all!"

Invincible battle technique also looked over and said in a low voice!

"Find an opportunity to kill them!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. Naturally, he could feel the hostile gazes from the other party!

The other party should have known that he had killed the people from Sky City. He wasn't sure if he could take revenge or not. However, judging from the other party's gaze, it was definitely not friendly!

In that case, if there was an opportunity, Wang Xian would definitely not let go of the opportunity to kill them!

"Is everyone here?"

At this moment, a voice sounded!

Everyone looked over and saw an old man walking over with more than 20 people. Beside him, there were a group of young men and women with the name of the Cold Moon Jiao-dragon!

"Brother Yuan, everyone is here. We can set off now!"

Deputy Headmaster Xuan looked over with a smile and said!

"Alright, let's set off now!"

Old Yuan nodded and whispered a few words to Jiao Ming Leng Yue and the others!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

At this moment, a thousand meter long fighter jet flew over from the sky. The entire fighter jet was like a whale, emitting a blue light!

"Buzz!"

A door opened under the fighter jet!

"Everyone, please come in. With the speed of the Heavenly Whale Universe airship, we'll reach the star source planet in a day!"

Old Yuan gestured to everyone with his hand!