Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2348: 2348 temporary continent

"Let me remind everyone. After arriving at our star source planet, everything will be done according to the rules of our heavenly law sect. Otherwise, all of you will not be able to shoulder this responsibility!"

Everyone entered the large cabin of the heavenly whale spaceship. Jiao Ming swept his gaze across Wang Xian and the rest as he reminded them lightly!

"We know the rules!"

A few powerhouses from the four major forces nodded their heads. They naturally understood the rules when they were in someone else's territory!

"Alright, everyone. There's a restaurant and a tea room here. Everyone has their own rooms as well!"

Elder Yuan pointed to the surroundings and gave a brief introduction!

This was not the first time for many of them. They were also very familiar with this place!

"Boss Wang, let's go. Let's go to the teahouse and have a chat!"

Invincible battle technique pulled Wang Xian along as they walked to the side!

"Boss Wang, look. Isn't that ice-cold beauty beautiful? TSK TSK, she's simply too beautiful. Moreover, her strength seems to be a little stronger than mine. She's indeed worthy of being a disciple of the Heavenly Dharma sect!"

Invincible battle technique moved in front of him as he narrowed his eyes and said softly!

"If you like her, Go and chase after her!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Ahem, I can consider this. However, isn't it bad for me to give up on my ten billion backup beauties just like that?"

He frowned and looked like he was in a difficult position!

"How is the strength of the heavenly technique sect?"

Wang Xian sat on the table and asked invincible battle technique!

"I'm not too sure about its actual strength, but it seems to have eight or nine immortal godly monarchs. The Heavenly Dharma gate is not the overlord of the star origin planet. The overlord of the star origin planet is called Overlord. How is it? Isn't its name very domineering?"

"My ancestor said that I will join the Overlord in the future. A very awesome powerhouse wants to take me in as his disciple!"

Invincible battle technique said proudly!

"Overlord Sect?"

Wang Xian was slightly curious!

"The strength of the star origin planet is considered above average in the greater world. Overlord sect is also considered to be relatively strong among the few thousand planets in the surrounding area. Overlord sect has more than ten godly monarchs overseeing it. It's very strong!"

Invincible battle technique said to him!

"This time when we enter the star Beast Planet, you will definitely benefit from following me!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Hehe, you can, boss Wang. The multi-colored dragon Python is too huge and it's not suitable to be my mount. Boss Wang, please help me get a small mount this time. That would be cool!"

"Maybe our luck is heaven-defying and we will be able to meet the young immortal king. That would be awesome!"

Invincible's eyes lit up as he said that!

"Do we really have a chance to obtain the Young Immortal King?"

Wang Xian looked at him. He didn't really believe in obtaining the Immortal King Cub!

Even if someone had obtained it before, the probability of that happening was very small!

"Of course. Throughout history, there have been two people who were lucky enough to obtain the Immortal King Cub. TSK TSK, they are practically the children of Fate!"

Invincible Gate clan said with some envy!

"Since history? How long has history been?"

Wang Xian asked!

"Over a million years, and there seems to be more!"

Invincible Gate Clan said!

When Wang Xian heard his words, he stopped talking. The chances of this happening were slim!

The Immortal King desolate beast was not stupid either. How could it let a human obtain its own offspring!

The spaceship was flying at a terrifying speed. From time to time, it would perform a black hole warp!

Wang Xian chatted with invincible battle technique for a while before returning to his room to rest!

A Day passed very quickly. Leng Yue did not look for Wang Xian midway!

Jiao Ming did not look for trouble with Wang Xian either. He knew that if he were to look for trouble now, Leng Yue would definitely be angry!

The last time, he embarrassed him. If there was a chance in the future, he would return it. However, it was not now!

"Everyone, we have already reached the star source planet, after disembarking from the airship, someone will take you!" Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

At this time, Old Yuan's voice rang out!

Everyone walked down from the Universe airship!

Tian Ze continent had an interstellar teleportation formation leading to the star source planet, but the consumption of teleportation was too huge, if there wasn't an emergency, normally it wouldn't be opened!

Another point was that the star source planet was even bigger than Tian Ze continent, the teleportation formation led straight to the center, and the place where they gathered was in the void next to the Star Source Planet!

It would take seven to eight hours to teleport over. It would be better to take a space airship!

"This is the temporary continent!"

Wang Xian and the rest walked out of the space airship. Deputy Dean Xuan introduced them!

The temporary continent was located above the star source planet. At this moment, there were at least a hundred thousand people in the surrounding area!

"Senior sister Leng Yue, senior brother Jiao Ming, Junior Sister Wan Qing!"

At the front, a young man greeted Leng Yue and the rest respectfully!

"Okay!"

Leng Yue nodded at the young man and walked towards Wang Xian!

"I'll bring some elixirs over later. This is the communication stone plate. I'll Contact You!"

Leng Yue passed a communication stone plate to him and said faintly!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and took the communication stone plate!

"Huh?"

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw the honorable female disciple of the Heaven Dharma sect talking to Wang Xian!

Invincible battle technique widened his eyes and was filled with astonishment!

"I will come and look for you soon!"

Leng Yue said to Wang Xian and left!

"Oh my God, Boss Wang, you are amazing. I'm impressed!"

Invincible looked at Wang Xian with admiration and kept clicking his tongue!

"Don't think too much. She just came to me to treat one of her pets!"

Wang Xian patted his shoulder and looked around!

"I know, I know!"

Invincible looked as if he knew everything!

"Hehe, master Wang, you will be able to return with a full load after entering the star Beast Planet this time. If you have a battle pet, can you sell some to us, the aristocratic family of combat arts!"

"Master Wang, please take care of our sword domain. If you have any war pets, we will buy them directly!"

An elder from the combat style aristocrat clan walked over with more than a dozen people from the sword domain. He said to Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

"If we can tame some war pets, we will naturally put the two clans first!"

Wang Xian replied politely!

"Haha, that's Great. Then, we would like to thank you, master Wang!"

Everyone said with a smile!

"This guy is so confident in taming his battle pets. It seems that he is confident. Humph!"

An old man from Sky City snorted beside him!

"We have come to this temporary continent. Once the star Beast Planet is opened, we can enter at any time. We will follow him then!"

City lord he transmitted his voice to the people around him indifferently!

They had already informed the commander, the commander, and the experts of Sky City about the Dragon Palace's pet shop's arrival on the star Origin Planet!

The main purpose of entering the star Beast Star this time was to capture the Dragon Palace's pet shop owner and interrogate him about the array formation!

Compared to the harvest of the star Beast Star, it was nothing compared to obtaining that array formation!

The people of Sky City looked at each other. This time, they had to obtain it!

Once they got it, it would be a huge opportunity for the whole sky city!