Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2349: 2349 was invincible and fearless

"Star Beast Planet is about to open, the temporary continent has gathered over 100,000 people, entering the temporary continent forbids any fighting, otherwise the consequences will be your own!"

"When Star Beast Planet Opens, you can fly there at any time, I also want to remind everyone, when star Beast Planet Opens, a large number of heavenly law sect and Overlord sect disciples will enter!"

"When you meet the heavenly law sect and Overlord sect disciples, no one is allowed to attack them. If we find out that you dare to kill the disciples of the two sects, you'll all have to wait for Our Star Source Planet's undying Emperor's rage!"

Cold Moon Jiao Ming and the others left, the youth's gaze swept over all of them as he reminded them!

Deputy Dean Yuan and the others nodded, here, they didn't dare to break the rules!

Otherwise, the entire Tianze continent wouldn't be able to withstand their fury!

"Boss Wang, the two of us will be working alone. We won't be working together with these old guys. It's boring!"

Invincible in battle technique whispered to Wang Xian when he saw the young man from Heavenly Dharma sect leaving!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and scanned his surroundings!

Due to the opening of the star Beast Planet, many people had gathered on the temporary continent. There was a trading market on the entire land with a radius of more than a hundred kilometers!

One could buy many specialties, weapons, and elixirs from the planets here!

There were many experts who came here, and there were also many natural treasures. He could feel the powerful energy coming from the surroundings!

"Deputy Headmaster Xuan, I'm going to take a look around. I Won't be going with you guys!"

Wang Xian said to deputy headmaster Xuan!

"Alright, be careful!"

Deputy Headmaster Xuan nodded his head!

"Third Grandpa, I'm with Boss Wang. Don't bother about me!"

Invincible battle technique said to the people from the battle technique clan!

The elders couldn't bother about him either. They didn't ask him to take care of his safety!

Invincible battle technique had a defensive treasure given to him by the ancestors. They all knew about it!

"Let's go, let's go inside and see what good treasures there are!"

Invincible in battle tactics said to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian nodded his head and walked straight into the temporary trading market on the mainland!

"The hunting cannon on planet Vajra. One spear and one eight wisps of divine fire desolate beast weapon. I'll sell it for a bargain!"

"Earth treasure. The speed of drilling is comparable to that of an earth-type desolate beast at the peak of the godly state. Come and take a look!"

As soon as he entered the trading market, he heard voices!

Wang Xian looked over curiously and noticed that there were some simple shops selling technological weapons!

"This is interesting!" Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Wang Xian looked over one by one and smiled!

The power of technology was also very strong in this bright land. A ruling-level space strategic weapon created by a powerful robot could fight against an Emperor God!

As he walked forward, invincible battle technique kept chattering beside him!

Wang Xian even wondered if this guy was a woman!

"Star Beast Hall, Boss Wang, Enemies Shop!"

Walking to the center, Invincible battle technique suddenly pointed at a shop in front of him and said!

"Star Beast Hall? A shop that sells pets?"

Wang Xian looked over and raised his eyebrows slightly!

"That's right, boss Wang. The owner of the star Beast Hall is also the only Beast Tamer Grandmaster on the star source planet. He is also one of the few Beast Tamer Grandmasters in the surrounding tens of thousands of planets!"

"This fellow is extremely lucky. In the history of star Beast Planet, there are only two people who obtained one of the godly king desolate beasts. It is also because of that young godly king desolate beast that he became a Beast Tamer Grandmaster!"

Invincible battle technique said enviously!

"Let's go, let's go in and take a look!"

Invincible battle technique said as he walked towards the star Beast Tower!

"Roar!"

The moment he entered, sounds of beasts roaring could be heard. Wang Xian took a look!

"As expected of the immortal godly king who opened a pet shop!"

There were many battle pets inside. There were hundreds of them at the godly stage and dozens of them at the Eternal Godly Master Stage!

From eternal God Lord Level 1 to level 8!

"There are even level 8 battle pets, Hehe, as expected of Grandmaster Hao Long!"

"After all, he is a Grandmaster, an undying god King level existence. Grandmaster Hao Long's star Beast Hall sells hundreds of eternal God Lord Battle Pets every year, and there are many eternal god Lord Level 9 battle pets!"

The surrounding people were discussing in shock!

A few hundred eternal God Lord Battle Pets a year, this was not a small number!

It was a relatively long process for a beast tamer to capture a desolate beast, tame a desolate beast, and help a customer tame a desolate beast!

It would take at least ten days for an ordinary Beast Tamer master to capture and sell a desolate beast!

A Grandmaster Beast Tamer might be able to capture a desolate beast very quickly, but it would take at least a day to tame it!

The reason why Wang Xian was able to tame it so quickly was 90% due to his dragon might and divine dragon blood!

Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to make a battle pet fight for him so quickly!

"Only a few hundred a year? That's nothing much!"

Invincible battle technique curled his lips and his face was filled with disdain!

From the looks of it, even an immortal god King Level Beast Tamer was nothing much!

"Nothing much? You have the right to say that!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from behind!

Invincible battle technique was slightly taken aback. When he spoke just now, he was very quiet!

When Wang Xian heard this voice, it sounded slightly familiar. He turned around and looked!

Among the four young men and women, one of them was Jiao Ming who had just left not long ago!

"HMPH, what has it got to do with you?"

Invincible battle technique looked at Jiao Ming and retorted coldly!

"It has nothing to do with me. However, you don't have the right to say that the star Beast Hall is just so-so!"

Jiao Ming dared to retaliate when he saw invincible battle technique. He stared at him coldly!

Jiao Ming wanted to return with Leng Yue earlier, but he was rejected directly. With a bad look on his face, he brought a few people to look for a friend!

He didn't expect to run into Wang Xian and invincible battle technique. When he heard invincible battle technique's words, he naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity to mock him!

However, he didn't expect this fellow to actually dare to insult him!

A powerful Beast Tamer Master didn't give him any face and endured it. Now, a random nobody dared to offend him?

In the entire star origin planet, how many people in the same generation dared to provoke him?

"What a busybody. What did I, invincible in battle techniques, say?"

Invincible in battle techniques curled his lips and didn't take him seriously at all!

Even though he knew that the other party was a disciple of the Heavenly Dharma Gate!

"You... Brat, I think you want to Die!"

Jiao Ming's face changed and a trace of killing intent appeared in his eyes as he shouted sternly!

"You said that I want to die? Humph, you have the qualifications!"

Invincible Warcraft's face turned cold when he heard his words!

As the most outstanding disciple of the Heavenly Dharma Gate, he was never afraid of anyone!

Moreover, so what if the other party was a disciple of the Heavenly Dharma sect? The patriarch had said that the Overlord sect's top experts would take him in as a disciple soon!

Who was afraid of Who?

"Damn it, you're provoking my bottom line!"

Jiao Ming's aura condensed!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

His aura surged, causing the surrounding battle pets to Roar!

Everyone was slightly shocked and immediately looked over!