Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2350: 2350 invincible battle technique was fearless

"What's going on? Someone actually dares to cause trouble here?"

"Is it the disciples of the heavenly law sect or the Overlord sect? or?"

When Jiao Ming's aura surged up, everyone around him revealed shocked expressions!

They all knew the rules of the temporary continent. Anyone who dared to cause trouble here was simply courting death!

When the two of them saw Jiao Ming and invincible in battle, they thought that they were all disciples of the Heavenly Dharma sect and the Overlord sect. Only they dared to fight here!

"Provoking your bottom line? It's your dog that has a mouse. Do you really think that invincible in battle would be afraid of You?"

Invincible in battle also stared at Jiao Ming with an arrogant and untamed face as he said disdainfully!

He had only said one sentence in a low voice, but the other party actually dared to yell at him?

Did he think he was made of mud? He was invincible in battle techniques and had nothing to fear!

"You're courting death!"

Jiao Ming growled, gritted his teeth, waved his arm, and directly attacked invincible in battle techniques!

"They're fighting, they actually dare to fight here!"

The surrounding customers were slightly startled, and hurriedly took a step back!

"Peng!"

Invincible in battle techniques also directly met with Jiao Ming's fist without the slightest fear!

"Stop!"

At this moment, a terrifying pressure came over and headed straight for unrivaled battle technique!

"Huh?"

At the side, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw that the pressure only suppressed one person, unrivaled battle technique!

However, he didn't say anything as he watched from the side coldly!

"Bang!"

Jiao Ming's fist collided with unrivaled battle technique. In an instant, his face turned red!

"Hehe, you piece of trash still want to clash head-on with me!"

Unrivaled battle technique laughed. Jiao Ming's defense could not break through his defense. The two of them were of the same level. When they collided, unrivaled battle technique could not feel any pain!

"Stop, you dare to make a move on us? Do You Want to Die?"

The cold shout from earlier rang out again!

This time, unrivaled battle technique felt that the surrounding air was somewhat frozen, and his body was imprisoned!

"He made the first move!"

When invincible battlemaster saw the three people from the star Beast Tower walking over, he immediately pointed at Jiao Ming!

The middle-aged man in the lead among the three glanced at him with some surprise!

"Big Brother Jiao, what happened?"

Beside the middle-aged man, a young man walked to his side and asked!

"This guy said that the star Beast Tower is nothing but this. After I scolded him a few times, he actually dared to continue provoking me. A Guy from the Tianze continent, who gave you the Courage?"

Jiao Ming looked at invincible battle technique and said coldly!

"Oh? The people from the Tianze Continent said that our star Beast Tower is only so-so?"

The young man raised his eyebrows and stared coldly at invincible battle technique. "Apologize immediately and get out!"

"You want me to get out? Do you really think that I want to come in?"

"The next time you invite me in, I won't come in either. It's just a battle pet with the highest level of an eternal god Lord of level eight. Who Cares!"

When invincible battle technique saw that the two of them were in cahoots, he revealed an angry expression. With a look of disdain, he gestured to Wang Xian and prepared to leave!

"What big words. No one can humiliate our star Beast Tower and walk out safely!"

"HMPH!"

Invincible battle technique had just turned around when a strong pressure pressed down on him!

A soft and cold shout entered his mind, but these attacks were all blocked by the true treasure defense on his body!

Unrivaled battle technique sensed that the other party wanted to heavily injure him, and his face was extremely embarrassed!

"What? You still want to keep me here?"

Unrivaled battle technique turned his head and said coldly!

"HM? It seems that you have a protective true treasure on you. No wonder you're so arrogant!"

The middle-aged man from the star Beast Tower had a glint in his eyes. He stretched out his hand and grabbed at invincible battle technique!

"Is this guy courting death? He actually dares to be so arrogant in the star Beast Tower!"

When the surrounding people saw the middle-aged man making a move, they looked at invincible battle technique. He was courting death!

"Making a move again? Do you really think that invincible battle technique is afraid of You?"

Invincible battle technique saw the middle-aged man making a move again. His body trembled and a hole appeared behind him. The head of the multi-colored dragon Python that was the size of a room slowly extended out!

Crack! Crack! Crack

The building of the star Beast building emitted cracking sounds. The formation on it was flickering!

"Alright, is the magnificent star Beast building so arrogant?"

Wang Xian was a little helpless when he saw invincible's plan to release his war pet. He stretched out his hand to stop him! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At the same time, he moved his palm and a stream of gray energy shot toward the middle-aged man's Claw!

"Bang!"

The two streams of energy collided and the Claw released by the middle-aged man collapsed and dissipated!

"There are actually accomplices. No wonder they are so arrogant!"

The middle-aged man's face turned cold the moment he saw Wang Xian making a move!

"Jiao Ming, don't cause trouble for no reason!"

Wang Xian ignored the middle-aged man and said coldly to Jiao Ming!

It was obvious that Jiao Ming saw that Wang Xian was deliberately targeting the invincibility of his battle techniques!

"All of you are causing trouble in the star Beast Tower and saying that I don't want to cause trouble. Master Wang, trouble comes from the mouth!"

Jiao Ming stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression!

"Regardless of your status, you will have to pay the price for insulting our star Beast Tower!"

"Don't think that just because you have some strength, you dare to be unbridled in front of us. Be careful that you won't even know when you die!"

The young man beside him stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"Hehe, he merely said that he was only so-so. Why didn't he let him speak?"

"In my opinion, the star Beast Building is indeed so-so!"

Wang Xian looked at the young man with a hint of coldness in his eyes!

"And someone like you dares to threaten me?"

As he spoke, he took a step forward. His draconic aura charged directly at the young man!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

The Young Man's face instantly turned pale, and his body retreated backwards!

"You're courting death, you actually dared to injure a disciple of our star Beast Hall!"

The middle-aged man's expression changed drastically, and with a wave of his arm, a long blade appeared in his hand, and beside him, a 10 meter long battle pet that was the size of a tiger appeared!

"You really think we're easy to bully?"

Seeing that they were ready to attack, invincible battle technique was furious!

His body shook, and the multi-colored Dragon Python's Dragon Head appeared again!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

All the buildings in the temporary continent were built temporarily. Even though they had set up an array formation, under the powerful body of the level eight multi-colored dragon python, they slowly exploded!

"Roar! Roar!"

A beast roar sounded, and the faces of everyone in the shop changed slightly!

"They're fighting, they're actually fighting right here!"

"Oh no, that young man who's only a rank one eternal god Lord actually has an eternal God lord rank eight battle pet. How is this possible! ?"

Everyone's expression changed slightly, and they hurriedly flew back!

"Peng!"

The star Beast Tower collapsed under the gorgeous dragon Python's enormous body, and the people in the market outside looked over in astonishment!

"Damn it, immediately notify the experts of our star Beast Tower!"

The middle-aged man holding a long saber saw how arrogant the other party was, and his expression changed slightly when he saw the tier 8 battle pet of the Eternal God Lord. He immediately said to the youth below!