Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2351: 2,351 undying emperors appeared

The temporary continent trade market was only a temporary place, star Beast Tower only had one warrior guarding it!

His strength was only an eternal god Lord Level 8, with the rules here, no one dared to cause trouble here, an eternal God Lord Level 8 warrior guarding it was enough!

However, he didn't expect that there were actually two people that dared to be so arrogant!

"These two guys are really more arrogant than the other. However, if you dare to cause trouble here, you will have to pay a heavy price!"

"If you offend the star Beast Tower, the star Beast Tower will not let you off either. You are courting death!"

At the side, Jiao Ming's expression changed when he saw Wang Xian and invincible battle technique attacking him directly!

Especially when he saw invincible battle technique actually possessing an eighth level war pet of the Eternal God Lord, a hint of fire flashed in his eyes!

He didn't expect that he would be in such a situation when he was dissatisfied with Wang Xian and deliberately berated another young man!

However, he was happy to see such a situation!

The corner of Jiao Ming's mouth curled up slowly, and a cold expression appeared on his face!

This time, let's see how you guys will end up!

"Someone is actually causing trouble in the temporary continent!"

"What's going on? They are actually fighting in the trading market. They don't even care about the star origin planet at all!"

"There are people fighting here. Let's Go!"

When the multi-colored dragon Python broke through the houses of the star Beast Building, some people from the other parts of the trading market looked over in shock!

There were also some people from the star origin planet who flew over with gloomy expressions!

"How Dare You Destroy Our Star Beast Building! Today, we will definitely kill all of you!"

The middle-aged man was burning with rage. He glared at Wang Xian and invincible battle technique with an ice-cold expression as he roared!

He flew straight into the sky and the level eight aura of the eternal lord erupted from his body!

"You guys attacked me first. Do you really think I'm easy to bully? What's so great about the star Beast Tower? I'm also a disciple of the Overlord sect!"

Invincible battle technique stood on top of the multi-colored Dragon Python's Head and roared without any fear!

"A disciple of the Overlord sect?"

The middle-aged man from the star Beast Tower who was holding a long saber in his hand was clearly stunned. Doubt appeared in his eyes!

"Eh? That's a disciple of our overlord sect. Why haven't I seen him before?"

Not far below, a group of more than ten young men and women had also noticed the situation here. When they heard the words 'Invincible in battle techniques', they were slightly stunned and their faces were filled with doubt!

Logically speaking, a fellow disciple who could possess the level eight war pet of the Eternal Divine Lord should know him!

"This guy really knows how to argue!"

At this moment, even Wang Xian was a little speechless. It was uncertain whether he could become a disciple of the Overlord sect!

Buzz

Just when everyone was stunned, everyone felt a faint pressure coming from the sky!

Following that, everyone saw two figures appearing in the sky above the star Beast building out of thin air!

An old lady and a girl, the old lady had a faint smile on her face, her purple hair!

Her golden clothes covered her body, her entire person was filled with a terrifying pressure!

"That is?"

"Heavenly Law sect's Supreme Elder Leng, undying God King!"

Below, many people looked at the old lady's appearance, their expressions changed, revealing respect and respect!

"Greetings, Grand Supreme Elder Leng!"

The law enforcers of the Heavenly Dharma Gate who were hurrying over immediately called out respectfully!

"Yes!"

Grand Supreme Elder Leng nodded his head faintly!

"Master Wang, I have prepared the pills. Please come with us to treat Xiao Ai!"

The girl beside the old lady was Leng Yue. He looked at Wang Xian and said!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian took a glance at grand supreme elder Leng of the Heavenly Dharma Gate and immediately nodded his head!

"My goodness, boss Wang, What's going on?"

At this moment, invincible battle technique, who was standing on top of the multi-colored Dragon Python, opened his mouth slightly and asked with a face full of shock!

"Did I tell you that he has a pet that he wants me to treat? I can treat it!"

Wang Xian took a glance at him and flew towards Leng Yue!

"Boss Wang, Bring Me along! Bring me along!"

Invincible battle technique shouted in a hurry. He kept the multi-colored dragon Python and followed closely behind!

"Hehe, greetings, Grandma Godly King. Greetings, Grandma!"

Flying to the side of the old lady, Invincible battle technique greeted her with a respectful smile!

The old lady glanced at a round plate on his chest. Her eyes flickered and she nodded her head faintly!

"Are You Alright? If you're Alright, we'll leave!"

Leng Yue shot a cold glance at invincible battle technique and asked Wang Xian!

"I'm Fine!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"I'd like to say a few words!"

Invincible battle technique suddenly spoke from the side.

"Trash from the star Beast Hall. I, invincible battle technique, AM merely praising you guys. Compared to our boss Wang, all of You Are Trash!"

"Look, Grandma King is looking for our boss Wang to treat her battle pets. Why didn't she look for you guys? HMPH, rubbish..."

Following that, what made Wang Xian, Leng Yue, and the rest a little wrong was that invincible in battle techniques cursed at the people from the star Beast Tower below!

Even the old lady was slightly stunned. With a wave of her arm, she disappeared with him!

"Rubbish..." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

By the time invincible said the last word, they had already arrived in an ancient-looking courtyard!

Invincible smacked his lips and did not finish his sentence!

"That Old Thing from the star Beast Hall is very petty. Kid, don't get crushed to death!"

The old woman swept a glance at Invincible and said coldly!

"Hehe, Grandma Godly monarch, I'm not afraid of invincible. My Patriarch is also a godly monarch. Furthermore, it won't be long before I have an even more powerful master. Afraid of Him? HMPH!"

Invincible raised his head slightly and said confidently!

He did not lie. He indeed had the confidence to do so. Patriarch godly monarch doted on him abnormally, and an even more powerful master did not lie!

He was also very clear about star Beast Hall. He was not afraid at all!

"Fatty in combat techniques is your patriarch?"

The old woman suddenly narrowed her eyes as she stared at invincible in combat techniques and asked!

"Hehe, he is the ancestor. Grandma Godly King, do you know my ancestor?"

Invincible Zhan FA replied with a smile!

"I'm not familiar with him!"

The old lady replied indifferently and looked at Wang Xian!

"Are you confident that you can cure a thousand civet cats?"

She asked!

"100% !"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"He's quite capable. Back then, I found a few beast tamers but they were unable to cure him. Even if they could cure him, they wouldn't be able to afford the price!"

The old lady smiled and nodded. She looked at Leng Yue and said, "I didn't tell you back then because I was afraid that you would be heartbroken and despairing!"

"It's great-grandmother!"

Leng Yue nodded and walked to the side to carry Xiao Ai out of the house!

"Give me the pills first. I need to consume a large number of pills!"

Wang Xian took the thousand civet cat and said to him!

"Alright!"

Leng Yue nodded and passed the pills to Wang Xian!

"It will take at least five hours. Give me a room and you guys can wait outside!"

Wang Xian said to them!

Leng Yue nodded and brought him into a room!