Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2352: 2352 to its peak

Just as Wang Xian was healing Cold Moon battle pet, invincible battle technique was waiting in the courtyard with a bored look on his face!

At this moment, in the temporary continent's trading market, everyone was gathering around the star Beast Building in astonishment!

Especially the words that invincible battle technique had said before he left!

His voice was very loud. At least, everyone in the temporary continent could hear it clearly!

"What exactly happened? Someone actually dared to call the star Beast Hall Trash?"

"Not very clear. It seems to be a disciple of the Overlord sect. Just now, the Heavenly Dharma Sect's grand supreme elder Leng came and took the two away!"

"One of the two who was taken away seems to be a beast Tamer Master. Grand Supreme Elder Leng asked him to treat his pet. If I'm not wrong, it's to treat the thousand civet cat!"

"Thousand civet cat? The thousand civet cat can't even cure the Grandmaster of the star Beast Hall. Can they cure it?"

"They should be able to cure it. That's why one of the young men said that the star Beast Hall is trash. This is a blatant provocation!"

Around the star Beast Hall, a group of people were discussing with curious faces!

Everyone knew about the thousand civet cat divine king cub. The Heavenly Dharma Gate's prodigy Leng Yue even offered a reward for treating his pet!

Even the star Beast Hall's Grandmaster had failed to cure it!

Now that a grandmaster who could cure the thousand civet cat had appeared, his companion had directly said that the star Beast Hall was trash. However, this was a provocation, and there was even disdain in it!

It was a complete insult to the star Beast Hall!

"No one is allowed to make a move on the temporary continent. Otherwise, they will be killed without mercy!"

A group of Heavenly Dharma gate overlords'enforcers looked around and warned coldly!

If not for the godly monarch coming over, they would definitely have severely punished those who made a move!

However, since the godly monarch was here, this matter would be over!

"It seems to be invincible and Grandmaster Wang just now!"

Not far away, the expressions of the people from the land of battle techniques and the Mystic Heaven Domain changed!

"It shouldn't be a big deal!"

A middle-aged man from the land of battle techniques said!

"Let's inform the Patriarch!"

The old man next to him hesitated for a moment and said!

At present, invincible battle technique had a very high status in the battle technique aristocrat clan, so it was best to inform the patriarch about this matter!

"Buzz!"

In front of them, in the interior of the star Beast Building, the middle-aged man commanded a few people to clean up the dilapidated shop, standing there with a gloomy face!

Around him, three figures flashed and appeared!

"Third senior brother, fourth senior brother, fifth senior brother!"

The middle-aged man hurriedly bowed respectfully!

"What happened?"

The three figures glanced around and asked with cold faces!

"Senior brother, there are two people..."

The middle-aged man's face changed and he immediately recounted what had happened!

"They said that our star Beast Hall is Trash?"

The three people's faces were filled with murderous intent, and their faces were gloomy!

"Who is the other party?"

Third Senior Brother asked coldly!

"I'm not too sure. The other party was taken away by Heavenly Dharma Sect's supreme elder Leng, and it seems that he went to treat the thousand civet cat!"

The middle-aged man shook his head!

"Treat the thousand civet cat? How is it possible for a beast tamer master to treat the thousand civet cat? The battle pet of the Leng family is too heavily injured, and even master couldn't treat it!"

The three people were slightly stunned, and their faces were full of disbelief!

"Masters, one of the two young men is a beast tamer master, and he can indeed heal the thousand civet cat!"

At this moment, a flood dragon standing next to a young man from the star Beast Building said!

What happened just now made him a little disappointed, and also made him very jealous!

It was rare for the godly king to come and pick him up to heal the battle pet!

"Oh? Is That So?"

The three people's eyes were filled with astonishment. "A master can treat the injuries of a divine king cub, this..."

"Why don't we inform Master?"

Fifth senior brother hesitated for a moment before saying!

The other two nodded. This matter was also a big matter!

To be able to treat a divine King Cub, this Beast Tamer Master's reputation would definitely be very high in the future!

Some people would even say that it was very powerful to be able to treat a war pet that even a grandmaster could not treat!

This was also a form of stepping on their master!

The three immediately passed the news to their master!

"Oh?"

In a valley located on the star source planet, there were tens of thousands of desolate beasts in a huge valley!

One-fifth of them were even at the eternal God Lord Level!

Although these desolate beasts had not been tamed, if the godly monarch were to personally take action, the speed would be very fast!

An elder dressed in a hundred beast suit looked at the message his disciple sent, and a hint of curiosity flashed in his eyes!

"A master can actually cure the thousand civet cats!"

His eyes flashed slightly, and with a move of his body, he instantly disappeared!

"Weng!"

In the quaint courtyard, invincible battle technique sat in front of a bench, while Leng Yue and the old woman sat together!

"Crocodile god King, What's the matter?"

The old woman looked up and suddenly said!

"Elder Leng, I heard that you found the master who cured the thousand civet cat. I want to come and take a look!"

Crocodile god King landed in the courtyard with a smile and said!

"Don't Disturb Me!"

The old woman said to him indifferently!

"Don't worry. I just want to see what kind of master is so powerful. I want to learn from him!"

Croc god King smiled and nodded his head!

The old lady did not speak nor did she greet him!

Croc god King smiled and looked at Invincible Star Beast Tower. Then, he looked at the house in front of him!

With the old lady by his side, he did not dare to investigate rashly!

When Invincible Star Beast Tower saw him, he shrunk his neck slightly. His eyes were sparkling!

He was the trash of star Beast Tower. At this moment, he had to keep a low profile!

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the array formation in the room, was surrounded by the Phantom of the Divine Dragon. Waves of majestic aura surged out from his body!

The surrounding array formation had completely concealed his aura!

At the side, a small cat the size of three adult hands rolled its eyes and lay affectionately at Wang Xian's feet!

Wang Xian had already completely healed the thousand civet cat!

He would use the rest of the pills to increase his strength! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Ding! "Congratulations on upgrading your speed to level four of the Eternal Lord. You have comprehended the four levels of the yin-yang and five elements laws!"

The system's voice sounded and Wang Xian opened his eyes!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang and Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level four of the Eternal Lord (the sixth form of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 1/500

Supernatural ability: rule the water race (rule the water race below their own level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 4)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 7.

Dragon Palace members: 165,693

"The speed of the upgrade is simply too fast. The level of the Eternal Lord is at Level 4, the peak combat strength of the Eternal Lord!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly!

To the peak!