Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2353: 2353 enemies from all sides

"It's time to get out!"

Wang Xian felt his own strength and smiled. He extended his arms to the thousand civet cat beside him!

"Meow!"

The thousand civet cat let out a meow and jumped into Wang Xian's arms!

"Hehe!"

With the thousand civet cat in his arms, Wang Xian walked out immediately!

"Huh?"

When they saw Wang Xian walking out with the thousand civet cat in his arms, the old lady, Leng Yue, and the rest stood up immediately. Their eyes were fixed on his arms!

"Xiao Ai!"

When Leng Yue saw her pet stretching out its head to look at the surroundings, an excited expression appeared on her face. She immediately shouted!

"Meow!"

The thousand civet cat meowed at her!

Wang Xian opened his arms and the thousand civet cat leaped lightly into Leng Yue's arms!

"Alright, Xiao Ai is really alright!"

Leng Yue hugged the thousand civet cat excitedly and was so happy that she cried!

The old lady used her hands to sense it, smiling too!

An undying emperor desolate beast cub, its value was not an exaggeration to say, it was comparable to a pretty good life planet!

The entire Heavenly Dharma Gate only had eight undying emperors and one god Emperor, in the entire greater world, he was a powerful warrior!

Like crocodile god Emperor, he could become a god Emperor because he got a god Emperor Cub back then!

One could imagine the value of the thousand civet cat!

"It's really healed!"

The Croc King was also surprised. He looked at Wang Xian with curiosity!

"I'm a little curious. What method did you use to heal the thousand civet cat? The thousand civet cat was attacked by the Godly King level dire Beast's laws and its consciousness was in a deep sleep. If it wasn't for the protection of its bloodline, it might have already died!"

"It's very difficult to cure it!"

King Croc looked at Wang Xian and asked him!

"It's just a small trick of mine!"

Wang Xian looked at King Croc and said with a smile!

"Tell me, I will definitely treat you well. If you are interested, you can join our star Beast Tower!"

King Croc looked at Wang Xian and said directly!

"I'm sorry, I'm not interested!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Huh?"

King crocodile raised his eyebrows. A hint of displeasure flashed across his eyes!

"Alright, King Crocodile. If there's nothing else, you can leave. I'm Still Here!"

The old woman beside him looked over and said indifferently!

King crocodile frowned and smiled. "I'll take my leave then!"

He took a deep look at Wang Xian and disappeared!

"Hehe, boss Wang is still the best. Even the crocodile god King's Beast Tamer Grandmaster couldn't cure the baby godly king. Boss Wang cured it easily!"

Invincible battle technique walked over and said with a smile!

"A pseudo Beast Tamer Grandmaster is indeed inferior to little brother!"

The old woman said to Wang Xian calmly!

"Grandma Godly King, what is a pseudo Beast Tamer Grandmaster?"

Invincible battle technique was slightly taken aback as he asked curiously!

"It means that I have never tamed an immortal godly king level battle pet. There are many such pseudo Beast Tamers. A True Beast Tamer Grandmaster would be the best in the entire greater world!"

The old lady explained!

Invincible battle technique and Wang Xian nodded their heads slightly!

It didn't mean that one could be called a true Beast Tamer master just because one's strength had risen to the immortal king level!

A True Beast Tamer Master was a powerful existence that could tame an immortal king level desolate beast!

There weren't many beast tamers of this level in the entire greater world!

Any one of them would be famous even if they were placed in a region!

"Senior god King, the thousand civet cat has been cured. We'll be leaving First!"

Wang Xian did not stay here for long. He took his leave immediately!

"Alright, the star Beast Planet is about to open. I will send you there!"

The old lady nodded. With a wave of her arm, she brought the two of them to the sky above the temporary continent in an instant!

Dong Dong Dong

"The star Beast Planet is about to open. Everyone, get ready!"

Just as they arrived in the sky, a voice resounded across the sky!

Buzz

"Disciples of the star Beast Tower, come over!"

Just as the old lady brought Wang Xian and the rest to the sky above the temporary continent, a voice rang out from the star Beast Tower in the trading market!

"Huh?"

Everyone's heart skipped a beat. A look of reverence appeared on their faces as they immediately arrived at the top floor!

More than 30 people stood respectfully in front of them. They lowered their heads and waited for the order from the crocodile god King who was sitting in front of them!

"Old Three, old four, bring some people to capture that Young Beast Tamer Master!"

"Old Five, bring some people to train normally, tame the desolate beasts!"

Crocodile god Emperor said indifferently!

"Yes!"

The group in front immediately nodded!

"Go!"

Crocodile god Emperor waved his hand and the group immediately left!

"To be able to cure the thousand civet cat's injuries, it's definitely not simple. If I can control it, it should be of some help to me!"

"Unfortunately, even if all the Star Beast Star undying godly king desolate beasts head to the Beast King God Country, I can not enter Rashly!"

"A punk, it's your honor that I want your things. I Won't let you down, Don't blame me if you don't know what's good for you!" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Looking at the group of disciples leaving, crocodile god King's eyes gleamed, thinking to himself!

"I heard that punk was taken away by the Undying Godly King to heal the young undying godly king, looks like this punk isn't simple!"

"Follow him. This time, we must capture him!"

It was not only the crocodile god King who coveted Wang Xian's ability to heal the Young Immortal King!

A group of more than a dozen people from sky city also transmitted their voices!

This time, they had already made up their minds. They would focus on capturing master Wang!

"Over there, I can sense his aura!"

A middle-aged man looked ahead and saw two figures in front of him. He immediately approached them!

"Boss Wang, there are so many people entering!"

Wang Xian and invincible battle technique were left in front by the old lady. The two of them scanned their surroundings. There were at least 100,000 people!

An immortal king level existence from Star Beast Planet had entered the Beast King God Country. This was the safest place on star Beast Planet!

On the star source planet, even if the disciples of the two major factions were at the deity level, there were about 70,000 to 80,000 people who went in to train!

Factions like the star Beast Building also sent out quite a number of disciples!

Especially for Beast Tamers, this was a very good opportunity!

"Over 100,000 people are placed in the entire star source planet. After they are completely separated, it will be very difficult for them to meet each other!"

Wang Xian looked at a planet in the distance and said!

The area of the star Beast Planet was much larger than the underground sea. It was as if a needle was placed in the sea when more than 100,000 people entered!

"Boss Wang, how about you help me get a level eight mount of the Eternal God Lord this time?"

Invincible battle technique squinted his eyes and said to Wang Xian!

"If the harvest is good, I will get you a mount of the pinnacle of the Eternal God Lord!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Hehe, boss Wang is really generous!"

Invincible War technique smiled and didn't ignore Wang Xian's words!

He knew boss Wang's strength!

"Everyone, get ready. No one is allowed to enter the Beast King Divine Kingdom. There are more than 20 immortal god King desolate beasts there. They will definitely die if they go!"

"Let's Go!"

Shouts sounded!