Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2354: 2354 took the initiative to attack

"Sou Sou Sou!"

When an expert's command sounded, over 100,000 people on the temporary main road quickly flew towards the star Beast Planet in front of them!

In the center, on the left and right, over 10 powerful battle pets that were about 5-6,000 meters in size were flying!

In the sky above them, there were many young disciples standing. The leader of the group was an expert from the heavenly law sect and the Overlord sect!

The Heavenly Dharma sect and the Overlord sect were the overlords of the star Origin Planet!

"Dragon Python, come out!"

Invincible battle technique looked at the densely packed people around him and revealed a proud smile!

"Roar!"

The multi-colored dragon Python immediately appeared beneath him. He stepped on the top of the Dragon Python's head with a proud expression!

"Boss Wang, isn't he handsome?"

As invincible battle technique spoke, a video recording device flew out from his body and hovered above his head to record the scene around him!

Wang Xian shook his head and landed on the head of the multi-colored dragon Python!

Invincible battle technique was too high-profile!

However, this was also in line with his name. Invincible force was a high-profile force!

"It's those two young men who caused trouble at the star Beast Tower. One of them is a Beast Tamer Master!"

"A level eight war pet of the Eternal God Lord is really enviable. If only I could get it..."

Some of the people around saw a huge war pet appear. Their gazes landed on invincible battle technique and Wang Xian!

Some of them recognized them and whispered among themselves!

"I was worried that they would escape. Now, Hehe!"

At the back, the group of experts from Sky City looked ahead and narrowed their eyes slightly!

They were still searching earlier. Now, it seemed that there was no need for that!

"Third senior brother, should we act immediately or wait?"

At a spot in front, a middle-aged man turned his head and glanced at Wang Xian and third senior brother. He touched the war pet that had eight eyes on its shoulder!

This war pet was very strange. It had two pairs of eyes on both sides!

"Don't waste too much time on a kid. Let's act first and send it to master. After that, we will rush over!"

Third senior brother who was standing at the side said indifferently. He didn't put him in his eyes at all!

"Alright!"

Everyone nodded their heads!

Regardless of whether the other party had the strength of level eight, level nine, or even peak-stage master god, they didn't put him in their eyes at all!

As the disciples of the Croc God King of the Astral Beast Building, their strength was also at peak-stage eternal master. With the addition of their battle pets, it was very easy for them to fight against people of the same level!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian, who was standing on the colorful dragon python, sensed some of the gazes around him. His heart skipped a beat!

He took a glance behind him and swept past the group of experts from the city in the sky!

"Looks like someone is courting death!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered!

Among them, the strongest one was at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm. The rest were all above level seven!

Now that he had the combat strength of the peak of the eternal lord level, it was not difficult for him to destroy them with the help of the array formation and his own combat strength!

"Also, that pet!"

There were many pairs of eyes looking at them. What Wang Xian sensed was the city in the sky and the battle pet with eight eyes!

His eyes met with the battle pet's and it was also staring at him!

Wang Xian looked at the people in front of the war pet. He didn't notice anything strange, nor did he take them seriously!

He had a little conflict with the star Beast Tower, but it shouldn't be to the extent of killing the two of them! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The group flew forward quickly. The star Beast Planet wasn't too far away. With their speed, they could reach it in an hour!

"Boss, the place to the east of the planet is where the Beast King Divine Kingdom is located. We Can't go there. which direction should we go?"

An hour later, an incomparably huge planet appeared in their line of sight. Invincible asked Wang Xian!

"To the west. Let's go to a remote place first!"

Wang Xian said to invincible!

"Alright, boss Wang!"

Invincible nodded his head. With a wave of his arm, he kept the multi-colored dragon Python into his eternal divine kingdom!

The star Beast Planet was an incomparably huge and desolate planet. The trees on it were luxuriant and many of them were thousands of meters tall!

There were tall mountains and huge rivers, and there were no human buildings!

As one approached star Beast Planet, one could hear the roars of desolate beasts!

On this planet, there were many eternal god Lord Level Sea Monsters. Even though they were invincible in battle, they did not dare to ride their colorful Dragon Python battle pets!

"Let's Go!"

The two of them landed in the air above the trees and flew towards the west!

There were also many people flying towards the west!

"As expected, the people from Sky City are following us. They are courting death!"

Wang Xian revealed a cold expression on his face!

Last time, he was chased by the people from Sky City. This time, Wang Xian was not prepared to defend passively!

"Boss Wang, it's about time. There aren't many people here. We can make our move now!"

After flying for about half an hour, they avoided all the places with strong auras below!

Invincible looked around and said to him!

"Continue flying forward!"

Wang Xian didn't stop. He was afraid that he would attract some experts if he were to fight here!

"Hualala!"

They flew for tens of millions of kilometers as they flew towards the west!

A gigantic waterfall appeared in front of them. The height of the waterfall was about 10,000 meters and its width was also dozens of kilometers!

"Go down immediately!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang dragon eyes and sensed behind him. Then, he spoke to invincible battle technique!

"HMM? Boss Wang, do you have any goals?"

Invincible battle technique was slightly stunned as he asked!

Buzz

Wang Xian landed on the ground. Without any hesitation, he immediately set up a formation there!

One formation after another was set up in the surroundings. He looked at the position behind him and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"I can only set up one formation. However, I have already set up five formations in advance!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. After setting up one formation, he looked towards invincible battle technique!

"Stay away from him later!"

He reminded him!

"Boss Wang, What are you doing?"

Invincible battle technique's face was filled with astonishment!

He looked towards the back and stood there quietly waiting!

"They've stopped, the other party has finally stopped, this damned fellow, they've finally stopped!"

Behind them, there were slight fluctuations in the sky!

At a glance, they couldn't be seen at all. Only slight fluctuations could prove that there was something strange there!

Out of thin air, a voice rang out!

"After capturing him, we'll immediately return!"

City Lord he's voice rang out, and the people hidden in the void looked forward!

"Eh? What's That guy doing? Standing there without moving?"

"He's just an eighth level eternal god Lord Brat. He killed our sky city's people and even has a special treasure. Prepare the imprisonment ring!"

The Sky City's experts said!

With their strength, it was easy for them to capture an eternal god Lord rank 8 expert and prepare in advance!