Chapter 2355: 2355 took the initiative to attack

"It's Here!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the waterfall with a smile on his face!

This time, he stood there without hiding anything!

Not long ago, his combat strength was only at level eight of the Eternal Lord. Many people knew about this!

No one knew about his two consecutive improvements!

With the group of experts in Sky City, they would be too cautious if they had to be cautious even when facing a level eight of the Eternal Lord!

"Get ready to make a move!"

"Seal it with the confinement circle!"

Just then, just as Wang Xian expected, a voice rang out. Following that, he could feel waves of energy charging towards him!

A confinement circle had locked onto him directly!

Buzz

The confinement circle appeared above Wang Xian. He did not dodge it. Even with the level eight strength of the eternal lord, he could not dodge it!

"What a waste of time. He actually ran so far away!"

When they saw that the confinement circle had locked onto Wang Xian, one figure after another flew over to his surroundings!

Sixteen people had completely locked onto Wang Xian in the middle!

"People from the city in the sky!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered when he saw them appearing around him. He asked indifferently!

"You are quite calm. You have to pay the price for killing the people of Sky City. Come with us!"

City lord he stared at Wang Xian and said with a smile on his face!

"It was the people of Sky City who ambushed me. I killed them instead. Are you blaming me for seeking death?"

Wang Xian replied indifferently!

"HMPH, you have to pay the price for killing the people of Sky City. Come with us!"

An eternal Lord Level 9 powerhouse waved his arm and a sharp sword appeared in his hand. He pointed it at Wang Xian!

"Come with you? It seems like you are not here for revenge. You are here for something else!"

Wang Xian stared at them and raised his eyebrows slightly!

"You will know in a while!"

"Capture him!"

City lord he waved his arm and ordered immediately!

"Leave it to me alone!"

The old man who was holding a sharp sword said proudly. His figure moved and directly attacked Wang Xian!

"Oh no, it's the experts from the city in the sky. How much enmity do they have with boss Wang? They actually came to F * ck boss Wang!"

"This is troublesome. The other party has a peak-stage eternal lord, two to three of them are at level nine, and the weakest is at level seven!"

"Boss Wang clearly knew that the opponent wanted to attack him, so he waited here. is boss Wang Confident?"

At this moment, Invincible, who was hiding in the waterfall, saw this scene and widened his eyes, his face full of astonishment!

The people of Sky City had come to attack boss Wang. Boss Wang clearly knew in advance that the opponent was so powerful, so why was he deliberately waiting here?

Invincible was a little dumbfounded. He just prayed silently!

"The people from Sky City have completely angered me. I'm quick. I will destroy the entire Sky City!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man who was attacking him. His face revealed a cold expression!

His body trembled!

Buzz

In an instant, the entire area within a hundred kilometers was sealed by the black hole disturbance formation!

The black hole disturbance formation that was strengthened by Wang Xian could withstand the level nine attack of the Eternal Lord!

Only those at the peak of the eternal lord could break through it!

However, Wang Xian wouldn't give them any chance!

"I'll settle the score with the city in the sky after I kill all of you!"

Wang Xian stared at them coldly!

"Huh?"

"Is he waiting for us here specifically?"

The 16 powerhouses from the city in the sky were stunned for a moment. Their faces were filled with vigilance!

Their eyes swept across the surroundings. The pupils of one of the level seven eternal lord powerhouses contracted slightly!

"I realized that I can't return to my eternal divine kingdom. It's this formation. This formation can interfere with us!"

He said hurriedly with a grave expression!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements millstone appeared in the sky above the black hole!

Above it, the power of law was rotating!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

On the Five Elements Millstone, five divine dragons swayed their gigantic bodies as formation after formation attacked them directly!

Each of the five formations had the destructive power of the peak of the Eternal Lord!

"Oh no, we've been ambushed. His strength is not only at the eighth rank of the Eternal God Lord!"

An eternal God lord rank 9 expert's expression changed as he shouted loudly!

"Be careful, he's hiding his strength!"

City lord he's pupils constricted slightly. According to the information they had received, the other party's strength was at most at the eighth rank of the Eternal God Lord!

Now, there were actually five arrays that were comparable to a peak eternal god Lord!

"Holy Light Barrier!"

Castellan he shouted loudly and a holy light staff appeared in his hand!

He immediately raised it up and a shadow of the god of light with wings appeared on it!

"Hmph, I'm here just to wait for you guys. If you want to kill me, I want to kill you guys too!"

When Wang Xian saw that castellan he wanted to resist the attack of the formation, a cold expression appeared on his face!

He stretched out his arm and transformed it into a terrifying dragon claw!

Wang Xian leaped up and charged at all of them!

"Oh no, his strength is completely different from the information!"

City lord he felt the attack coming from Wang Xian's Dragon Claw. His expression changed drastically as he growled in a low voice!

"Damn it, damn it, how could this be? His strength is completely different from the information in our city in the sky. He is an expert at the peak of the Eternal Lord!"

The rest of them revealed a hint of horror on their faces!

An array master at the peak of the eternal lord level could easily kill them after setting up the array!

Most importantly, they realized that their own attack power was also abnormally terrifying!

"Boom!"

All of this happened in just a second. There was no time for them to think too much. Five attacks from the array and Wang Xian's dragon claws landed in the sky above them at the same time!

"Bang!"

The holy light barrier collapsed instantly. The dragon claws that contained the five elements annihilation law clawed downwards!

The formations fell one after another!

"City Lord He, save us!"

At this moment, everyone except city lord he had horrified expressions on their faces as they shouted in a stern voice!

Their eyes were filled with despair and Panic!

Facing the attacks from Wang Xian and the formations, they didn't have the strength to resist at all!

"This fellow's strength..."

City lord he's heart was pounding. Facing such a terrifying attack, it was already good enough for him to be able to protect his entire body!

He would never have thought that as a hunter, he would actually become a prey!

"Ahhhh!"

At this moment, his companion's screams came from the side. His expression changed drastically!

"This won't do. I have to inform the city in the sky of this fellow's strength. Otherwise, an expert at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level will bring great trouble to the city in the sky!"

City lord he's expression changed drastically. At this moment, he had completely given up on the idea of capturing Wang Xian!

Now, it was already good enough for him to escape!