Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2356: 2356 mantis stalks cicadas

"Don't think about escaping. When you were about to attack me, your fate was already decided!"

Wang Xian stood at the center of the black hole disturbance formation and attacked city lord he and the rest with his dragon claws!

In just one round of attack, 10 out of 16 people were killed!

However, this attack was just the beginning!

Wang Xian waved his dragon claws that were dozens of kilometers in size and wreaked havoc in the entire space!

Other than city lord he, everyone else was trying their best to escape to their surroundings!

Their faces were filled with fear!

"Damn it, isn't he a formation master? Why is his own attack so terrifying?"

City lord he's expression was extremely ugly!

It was already very difficult for him to face a formation master of the same level. Now, not only was his opponent extremely terrifying in terms of formations, his own combat strength was even more terrifying!

Especially that strange and terrifying Dragon Claw, every attack contained a large amount of destruction laws!

"City Lord he, we can't break through this Strange Array Formation!"

Right at this moment, the terrified voice of a Tier 9 eternal God master came from the side!

He fled to the edge and desperately attacked the black hole disturbance array formation over a dozen times, without the slightest fluctuation!

This made him extremely shocked!

"Leave it to me, a person of the same level, wanting to kill me, Dream On!"

City lord he's expression was cold, his body shook!

"My Eternal God country, Sky God country, appear!"

He roared madly, his eyes filled with madness!

Not being able to escape back to his god country didn't mean that he couldn't summon his own God Country!

Even the immortal godly King couldn't restrain the eternal God from summoning his own divine kingdom!

Crack! Crack! Crack

When the divine kingdom that was emitting a white glow appeared behind him, cracks appeared on the black hole array!

"HMPH, I said you can't escape, so don't even think about escaping!"

Wang Xian snorted softly and his entire body immediately transformed into a dragon!

He shook his dragon tail and swept it towards the eternal kingdom that was revealed!

"Damn it, what kind of creature is this? He isn't human!"

When city lord he saw Wang Xian's body change drastically, his expression changed slightly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The dragon tail struck directly towards city lord he's eternal kingdom!

The terrifying force caused him to tremble violently!

"PFFT!"

Castellan he's expression changed drastically as he spat out a mouthful of blood!

"Five elements grinding!"

Wang Xian shouted softly. The last two formations that were suspended in the air and did not dissipate landed once again!

This time, they attacked the five surviving experts from the city in the sky!

"Stop!"

Castellan he's expression changed drastically as he roared in a stern voice!

"Castellan he, save us!"

The remaining five people were extremely pale when they saw the terrifying energy laws wreaking havoc on them!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian didn't give them any time to react as he attacked one after another!

City lord he spat out mouthfuls of fresh blood. The Eternal Divine Kingdom that was partially revealed was immediately retracted!

If he continued to summon, his eternal divine kingdom might collapse before it was fully summoned!

Once it collapsed, his injuries would be severe as well!

City lord he gritted his teeth and waved his laws of light towards Wang Xian!

"Interesting, interesting. Someone actually wants to deal with that Beast Tamer Master!" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Just as Wang Xian trapped city lord he and the rest in the formation, ten figures were floating in the sky above the waterfall!

They looked at the formation that covered a radius of 100 kilometers. The corners of their lips curled up slightly and their faces were filled with mockery!

"The group of people who wanted to attack the Beast Tamer Master isn't weak either. There seems to be an eternal lord at the peak. However, looking at the situation, they were ambushed by the Beast Tamer Master. TSK TSK, I really didn't expect this!"

The ten people who came were the third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower. Apart from him, there were eight others!

Among the other eight people, there was an old man standing side by side with them. Obviously, they were on the same level!

"I'm a little surprised. Ninth junior brother made a mistake. It seems that the strength of the Beast Tamer Master is not too weak. He dared to ambush the other party. He must have a trump card. Let's wait here!"

Fourth senior brother looked at the array in front of him. His eyes flickered. He asked third senior brother beside him casually, "Senior brother, what array is this?"

"I'm not sure. We'll wait outside. When the array formation is activated, we can just attack directly!"

Third senior brother shook his head and said to the surrounding people!

"Well, we'll just wait. If we break the array formation directly, the other party will escape!"

"Today, we'll be like a mantis stalking a cicada, a oriole following behind!"

Fourth senior brother smiled and nodded!

The group of people floated there and waited quietly!

"Eh? Why are there people here again!"

At this time, invincible battle technique, who was hiding behind the waterfall, saw the ten figures in the sky and showed a stunned expression!

"It's the people from the star Beast Tower. What are they doing floating there? They come with ill intentions. F * ck, could it be that they are also here to F * ck boss Wang?"

"Boss Wang doesn't look like he deserves a beating. Why are there so many people who want to F * ck him?"

Invincible battle technique was a little confused. His expression changed as he stared at the group of people!

He took out a bright stone and pointed it in the direction of the people from the star Beast Tower!

"Three Peak Eternal God lords, a total of three. Oh My God, boss Wang is in trouble this time!"

Looking at the information on the law God Stone, his expression changed slightly, and he muttered!

"Boss Wang of Sky City doesn't know how to deal with it, and now there are three peak Eternal God lords from Star Beast Tower, this..."

"Do you want me, invincible in battle, to take out my killing weapon? But I'm afraid that they have peak eternal god Lord Battle Pets!"

Invincible in battle had a dark face, and he looked at the area covered by the array with some sympathy!

"Sigh, it's really not easy for boss Wang to survive until now!"

He mumbled!

"Roar!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's dragon claw tore through the black hole-filled formation. The five elements grinding in the sky smashed heavily at City Lord he below!

A golden crack appeared on his body. It was the wound left on his body by the metal attribute formation!

Just ten seconds ago, he was severely injured in order to save his disciple!

In the entire black hole, he was the only person left in the city in the sky!

In the face of Wang Xian's attack, City Lord he clenched his fist tightly!

"What kind of monster is he? A Beast Tamer Master, a formation master, and he even has such a terrifying body!"

At this moment, castellan he was already in despair!

After five minutes of battle, he realized that he was no match for his opponent!

"Even if I die, I will not let you have it easy!"

His eyes slowly turned blood red!

"Law, Holy Angel Blood Sword, Slash!"

His body trembled and a large amount of blood spilled out. The blood turned into light and enveloped his body!

"Hahaha, if you want to kill me, I will take you with me to Die!"

Castellan he roared. His entire body turned into the Holy Angel Blood Sword and slashed towards Wang Xian!