Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2358: The power of the 2358 nine samadhi true cannon

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In front of the huge waterfall of the star Beast Planet, the energy of the law of annihilation gathered on the nine samadhi true cannon of the Yi da particle law of annihilation!

Numerous red flames that were like flower petals were emitting radiance!

The entire cannon emitted a special sound, followed by a loud boom. It directly attacked the position in front of him!

In front of him, the experts from the star beast tower were chasing after Wang Xian!

With the warning from invincible in combat, Wang Xian hurriedly dodged to the side!

"Boom!"

Tens of thousands of fiery red petals attacked the experts from the star Beast Tower!

A Ray of light flashed. Even the experts from the star Beast Tower didn't have the time to react!

"No!"

The jiumei true cannon landed on the body of the elder who was at the peak of the Eternal God Lord. There was no time to dodge!

He hurriedly released the law shield formed by the Earth attribute to block in front of him! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

However, the law shield was like a layer of paper, easily pierced through!

The true Samadhi Cannon's attack instantly landed on his body!

A terrified scream sounded. His eyes widened, revealing a look of disbelief and despair!

"Bang!"

The cannon with a diameter of two meters easily pierced through his body, instantly destroying it!

Boom

The cannon penetrated his body and continued to attack the sky behind him!

After attacking for at least tens of millions of kilometers, fiery red waves streaked across the sky. A muffled sound came from the sky in front of him!

This sound could be heard clearly from here!

One cannon shot killed an existence at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm!

This was the power of powerful technology!

Gulp

Wang Xian, who was hiding at the side, couldn't help but gulp when he sensed this scene!

Powerful, this was simply too powerful!

Although the name of the true samadhi cannon was a little funny to Wang Xian, its strength was simply terrifying!

The experts at the peak of the eternal lord level didn't have the slightest ability to resist!

"This is? The strategic-grade obliteration cannon from the golden-armored planet. Damn it, how could such a technological weapon appear on their bodies!"

The third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower felt cold sweat all over their bodies in an instant. Their faces were extremely unsightly!

The remaining nine people stopped in unison. Even the battle pets stopped in their tracks. Their faces were filled with fear!

"Boss Wang, come over here and kill them. hahaha!"

Invincible in battle technique stood behind the Yidali obliteration cannon and shouted at Wang Xian!

His tone was filled with arrogance!

Wang Xian moved and immediately came to invincible Battlemage's side!

"How is it, boss Wang? Is My Weapon Powerful?"

Invincible battlemage looked at Wang Xian with a smug look on his face!

"Powerful!"

Wang Xian nodded his head sincerely!

The last time, invincible battlemage took out a law fragment which had already shocked Wang Xian. This time, he took out such a terrifying cannon which shocked him even more!

This fellow, he had too many good things!

"HMPH, since you dare to attack us, take another shot from me!"

As invincible said that, he placed his palm on the YIDALI obliteration law nine true cannon. Energy gathered on it!

"Oh no!"

Nine fiery-red sparks gathered on the cannon. Each law gathered on it!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Boom! Boom! Boom

Another strange sound!

However, in the eyes of the star Beast Tower's experts, this activation sound was like a grim reaper!

"Quickly escape!"

At this moment, the faces of everyone from the star Beast Tower changed drastically, and their faces were filled with terror as they fled into the distance!

There was even one person whose figure was illusory as he directly fled back to his eternal divine kingdom!

"Boom!"

With a boom, the cannon was aimed at the fourth senior brother of the star Beast Tower!

Seeing the destruction law cannon that was attacking him, he was shocked!

"Block it!"

With bloodshot eyes, he roared and ordered his battle pet to block the Attack!

"Peng!"

However, just like the old man, the golden snake was instantly destroyed. The terrifying attack continued to fly into the sky!

"This..."

When the third senior brother and the others saw this, their foreheads were filled with cold sweat. Their faces were extremely pale!

In front of such a technological weapon, they simply didn't have the ability to block it!

"Hahaha, I let you guys be arrogant. You actually dare to attack boss Wang. With just you guys, HMPH, do you really think that your star Beast Tower is awesome? Would I, invincible in battle techniques, be afraid of you guys?"

Invincible in battle techniques laughed arrogantly!

Everyone from the star Beast Hall stared at invincible in battle techniques!

"Boss, the engine has been turned off. We are going to escape!"

While invincible in battle techniques was shouting arrogantly, Wang Xian's voice rang in his mind!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment. Then, his face turned dark!

He thought that this guy's Yidan obliteration principle nine true obscuring cannon could kill all the opponents!

"Let's Go!"

However, Wang Xian also knew that it was already very impressive to be able to kill two experts at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level!

The next moment, he waved his arm and stored the yidali obliteration principle nine samadhi cannon for his invincible battle tactics. Energy enveloped him and he fled into the distance!

"Huh?"

When they saw Wang Xian and the rest escaping, the people from the star Beast Building were obviously stunned!

They paused for a full three seconds before they reacted!

"Chase them! They have used up all their trump cards! Chase them!"

Fourth Senior Brother roared with bloodshot eyes!

His Peak Eternal Lord Battle Pet was dead. It had been completely destroyed by the cannons!

This was a battle pet that his master had given him. Once it was dead, his master might not help him tame it anymore!

"Let's Go! Let's catch up before the confinement circle disappears!"

Third senior brother's expression changed. He gritted his teeth and immediately chased after them!

Three Peak Eternal God Lord Experts had come to star Beast Hall this time, and two of them were peak eternal God Lord War Pets!

With their strength, it was not difficult for them to capture a peak eternal god Lord!

However, now that the two of them had fallen, they would have to pay a price if they wanted to capture the other party!

However, at this moment, they had to capture those two damnable fellows no matter the cost!

Splash

Wang Xian entered the river above the waterfall with his invincible battle techniques!

In the water, his speed suddenly increased by a lot!

Buzz

Around him, the nomological powers of the five elements revolved. The mud and water at the bottom of the sea had no effect on him at all. Instead, it helped him escape!

Behind him, the people from the star Beast Hall were left further and further behind!

"Boss Wang, your speed is so fast. Boss Wang, have you reached the peak of the Eternal Lord?"

"Isn't your increase in strength too fast? It doesn't make sense at all!"

Invincible battle technique was enveloped by Wang Xian's energy. As he felt this terrifying speed, his eyes widened slightly!

The first time he met Wang Xian, he couldn't even fight against a level six sea monster of the Eternal Lord!

The second time, he captured a level eight sea monster of the Eternal Lord. However, they were still being hunted down by the level nine eternal Lord!

But now, even though they were still being hunted down, he had unleashed the peak combat strength of the Eternal Lord!

In just two short months, his improvement was too terrifying!