Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2359: 2359 kill the flood dragon

"I was severely injured in the past and couldn't bring out my full strength. Now, I'm recovering bit by bit!"

Wang Xian casually said that he was invincible in terms of combat techniques. His eyes sparkled as he sensed the pursuers from the star Beast Tower!

With his current strength, it was very easy for him to escape from the pursuers!

As a master of the five elements of yin and yang, he could travel through the ground, trees, metal, and water!

Without these obstacles, it would be very difficult for the opponents to keep up with his speed!

"Boss Wang, you didn't have any enmity with the star Beast Hall in the past, right? Why did they send so many experts to hunt you down?"

Invincible battle technique was deep in thought when he heard Wang Xian's explanation. However, he didn't think too much and changed the topic!

"No, this is the first time I've met them!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

He was also a little puzzled when the people from the star Beast Hall wanted to capture him!

Even if he had a conflict with invincible battle technique and the rest in the star Beast Hall, he shouldn't have spent such a huge price to capture him!

Just the value of a confinement ring was already quite valuable!

"Could it be because boss Wang cured the young immortal king? is that crocodile god King jealous of you? It shouldn't be. A mighty god King shouldn't be so stingy!"

A puzzled look appeared on invincible battle technique's face!

"It's really possible!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

Heavenly Dharma Sect's supreme elder Leng said that crocodile god King was narrow-minded. It was really possible that he sent his disciples to attack him!

The fact that he could cure the young immortal king was also a kind of ability!

"A man is innocent, but a man with treasure is guilty!"

Wang Xian sighed slightly in his heart!

This was because the city in the sky knew that he had a powerful and special formation. Hence, they had always wanted to capture him!

And The Godly King of the star Beast Tower knew that he could heal the young immortal godly king. Hence, he wanted to capture him and have a look!

Even Wang Xian had no enmity with them!

However, sometimes, wealth could move one's heart!

This was also the reason why Wang Xian did not dare to reveal his godly dragon body!

There was definitely a legend of the divine dragon in this bright land. If he revealed his divine dragon body, people would know that he was a divine dragon and might have thoughts about him!

"Since you are coveting the things on my body, you will have to suffer my revenge!"

A hint of killing intent flashed across Wang Xian's eyes as he fled quickly with invincible battle technique!

Including this time, invincible battle technique had already saved him twice. The last time, he had given him a multi-colored dragon Python!

"Forget it, I'll repay this guy when I have the chance!"

Although invincible was unreliable, he was still very powerful at the critical moment!

Especially this time, if he hadn't taken out that great killing weapon, there was a high chance that he would have died here!

He would remember this favor in his heart!

"How can this guy be so fast!"

At the back, the third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower were looking forward with an extremely embarrassed expression!

At the front, Wang Xian's figure had already disappeared!

On the shoulder of the third senior brother, the eight-eyed war pet's pupils were flashing with a luster. A Ray of light that was invisible to the naked eye appeared!

If it wasn't for the pursuit of such a war pet, they wouldn't know which direction Wang Xian had gone to!

"Damn it. If we can't catch him this time, not only will we suffer heavy losses, we won't even be able to complete the mission given to us by our Master!"

The two of them looked extremely embarrassed!

They never expected that it would be so difficult to catch a Beast Tamer Master!

They also never expected that the other fellow would possess such a powerful weapon!

"Phew!"

After flying for more than an hour, they could no longer see the figure of the other party behind them. Wang Xian stopped in his tracks!

"Boss, are you going to set up a formation to kill them?" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Seeing that Wang Xian had stopped, Invincible's eyes lit up as he asked!

Back then, when Wang Xian was at level eight of the Eternal Lord, he even dared to kill a level nine powerhouse.

"Not this time!"

Wang Xian shook his head. His strength had just increased this time, and he had yet to master the formation!

However, Wang Xian was not in a hurry. Just as invincible thought, when he was at level eight of the Eternal Lord, he dared to kill a level nine powerhouse. Now that they were at the same level, Wang Xian was really not afraid of the powerhouses of the star Beast Hall!

The Immortal King was forbidden to enter this place. It was not difficult for him to kill the people from the star Beast Hall here!

"Boss Wang, let's go and subdue some peak-level eternal lord warpets now. When the time comes, we can kill our way back!"

Invincible's eyes lit up as he said that!

"Okay, this time, I promise to exchange one or two peak-level eternal lord warpets for you!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Hahaha, then boss Wang, we have a deal!"

Invincible battle technique said excitedly!

Wang Xian nodded his head!

The value of the jiumei true cannon in invincible battle technique's hands was not something that one or two peak-level eternal god Lord Battle Pets could compare to!

Such a powerful weapon was much more valuable than a battle pet!

"The confinement circle that has locked onto me has disappeared. Let's investigate the surroundings first. It would be even better if we can find the nest of the desolate beasts!"

Wang Xian used his energy to wear down the confinement circle and make it disappear faster. As he spoke to invincible battle technique, he immediately flew into the sky!

Most of the star beast planet was filled with dense and dense trees. It had a completely primitive appearance!

Wang Xian and the rest were located beside a mountain range. From time to time, the roars of desolate beasts could be heard from within the mountain range!

"There must be desolate beasts in the deep mountains and forests. Boss Wang, should we go into the mountain range and take a look?"

Invincible in battle techniques said!

"Yes, let's Go!"

Currently, all the immortal king level desolate beasts of star Beast Planet had gone to the Beast King Divine Kingdom. With his current strength, he was basically unafraid of any living beings!

Of course, he still had the confinement circle locked onto him in the sky. He had to be careful of bumping into the desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Level!

Wang Xian's body moved and flew straight up the mountain range!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

However, just as they reached the top of a mountain peak, numerous water swords attacked them one after another!

Wang Xian and invincible battle technique were slightly taken aback!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and directly destroyed the two water swords!

"No one is allowed to enter within a hundred kilometers of this place. This place has already been occupied by us, the Divine Flood Dragon Clan!"

At this moment, a shout rang out. Two young men flew out from the position in front of them and stared coldly at Wang Xian and invincible battle technique!

"Huh? These two guys who haven't even reached the eternal lord dare to act so arrogantly in front of us!"

Invincible battle technique swept his gaze across the two people in front of him and said with a face full of disdain!

"Our race has already occupied this place. If you know what's good for you, Scram immediately!"

When the two young men heard the words 'Invincible in battle techniques', their faces turned ugly as they shouted again!

"Since when can two people disregard the dignity of the Divine Flood Dragon Clan?"

"If you don't leave now, don't Leave!"

As soon as the two of them finished speaking, more than 30 people flew over from the side!

Three old men were in the lead. There were both strong and weak people!

"Eh? It's those two guys!"

Among the more than 30 people, a young man suddenly raised his eyebrows and stared coldly at Wang Xian!