Chapter 2360: 2,360 kills under the name of Jiao Ming

Jiao Ming squinted his eyes as he sized up Wang Xian and his invincible battle techniques!

He didn't expect to meet them so fated!

"Jiao Ming, do you know them?"

One of the elders who was in the lead asked him when he heard Jiao Ming's astonishment!

"Third Grandpa, I've seen them before. They are from the Tianze continent!"

Jiao Ming said indifferently as he looked at Wang Xian and the rest. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"This place has been occupied by us, the Divine Flood Dragon Clan. Both of you, Scram immediately!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As he spoke, he took two steps forward and stared at Wang Xian and the rest with disdain!

"Jiao Ming!"

Wang Xian looked at him and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Eh? It's you, you silly dog!"

Invincible in combat recognized him as well. This fellow was meddling in the affairs of the star Beast Building, which made him very angry!

He stared at Jiao Ming and said with a cold face!

"You... you are courting death, who are you talking about!"

When Jiao Ming heard his words, his face revealed an extremely angry expression!

The killing intent in his eyes was not concealed at all, and a sharp sword appeared in his hand!

"You dare to speak rudely to our young master Jiao Ming!"

The faces of several young Jiao clansmen turned cold, and their faces were filled with frost as they locked onto invincible battle technique!

A few of the experts from the divine flood dragon clan also frowned slightly!

In an instant, waves of incomparably terrifying auras charged towards invincible battle technique!

"F * ck, if my Yi Da li obliteration law true cannon still has shells, I will definitely kill him!"

Invincible battle technique sensed waves of terrifying auras locking onto him. His expression changed slightly as he muttered softly!

Invincible of battle techniques didn't have a good impression of this fellow. In fact, he even wanted to kill him!

"I think all of you are seeking your own death!"

The elder in the lead moved his palm slightly and a confinement ring appeared in his hand!

"I'll give you three seconds to apologize to the disciples of the Divine Flood Dragon clan immediately and get out of our sight. Otherwise... all of you can stay here!"

He stared coldly at Wang Xian and his invincible battle techniques as he spoke in a sinister tone!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings while his dragon eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across the surroundings!

His palms moved immediately as he stared at the group of people from the Divine Flood Dragon Clan. The corners of his lips curled up slightly!

"Huh? Condensing a formation? Are you really courting death?"

The faces of the few experts from the Divine Flood Dragon Clan turned cold. One of the elders in the middle did not hesitate at all as a long saber appeared in his hand!

Buzz

His figure moved and appeared in front of Wang Xian in an instant. The long saber in his hand slashed towards Wang Xian with great force!

Bang

The long saber landed on Wang Xian's body and produced a violent collision sound!

"What?"

The elder's eyes widened instantly. He was filled with disbelief!

He was a mighty level 9 eternal lord, yet he could not break through the opponent's defense!

"A flea, and you dare to provoke me again and again. You Don't know what's good for you!"

Wang Xian did not even look at the old man. His gaze landed on Jiao Ming as he said disdainfully!

"Black hole disturbance!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, he spat out two words softly!

Buzz

His arm tapped lightly on the formation in front of him and expanded towards the surroundings at a terrifying speed!

The black hole disturbed the air and directly enveloped everyone present!

"Boss Wang, kill them all! Hahaha, kill them all! This group of people doesn't even have a peak-stage eternal lord expert, yet they still dare to be so arrogant here!"

Seeing the drastic changes in the surroundings, invincible battle technique revealed an excited look in his eyes!

He knew that Wang Xian's formation could trap a level nine eternal Lord!

"Not good!"

When the old man's attack was blocked by Wang Xian, the members of the Jiao Celestial race had a bad premonition!

When he saw the strange space that suddenly appeared around him, his expression changed!

The old man who was holding a long saber in front of Wang Xian also had a drastic change in expression. He immediately retreated backward!

Buzz

Wang Xian moved his body and grabbed the old man's neck before the old man could retreat!

"Oh no!"

The old man's expression changed drastically!

"Attack! Kill him!"

The expression of the leading expert from the divine flood dragon tribe changed drastically when he saw this scene. Immediately, he shouted loudly!

Buzz

The expression of the old man who was caught changed drastically. His eyes were filled with fear and his figure was slightly illusory. He wanted to escape immediately!

"What!"

However, very soon, an extremely shocked expression appeared on his face!

He realized that he couldn't return to his eternal divine kingdom!

He wasn't locked by the confinement circle, but he couldn't escape. This was the first time he had seen something like this!

"HMPH, if you want to blame someone, blame that stupid thing, Jiao Ming, for Killing You!"

Wang Xian stared at the old man whom he had captured with a mocking expression. The five elements annihilation law landed heavily on his body!

"No, no, don't kill me, don't Kill Me!"

"Bang!"

The old man roared in horror and begged for mercy!

Wang Xian waved his arm and threw his corpse directly at the group of people who were attacking him!

The strongest among this group of people was only at level nine of the Eternal Lord. Their strength was not bad, but they were still nothing in front of the current Wang Xian!

"Not good!"

The faces of the group of people who were attacking Wang Xian changed drastically. The momentum on their bodies immediately disappeared!

A hint of fear appeared in their eyes!

An expert at level nine of the eternal lord was killed so easily. How was this possible!

"This... this..."

At the back, Jiao Ming looked at this scene in a daze. His eyes widened and his body trembled!

How could this be? That Wang Xian's strength was clearly not that strong!

"Run, run back to your eternal divine kingdom immediately!"

An old man was filled with shock and immediately roared loudly!

Where was the disregard and indifference from before?

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

Upon hearing the old man's words, the figures of the experts began to turn illusory. However, they soon discovered something terrifying!

"I can't return to my own eternal divine kingdom. I Can't return!"

"What's going on, Elder? What's going on? I Can't return!"

The experts realized that they couldn't escape, and their faces were filled with terror!

"Gulp!"

"Impossible, this is impossible. How could this be? No, no..."

Jiao Ming's face was filled with anxiety as he sensed his own eternal divine kingdom. His forehead was filled with cold sweat!

"Hahaha, you trash still want to kill us? Escape? In the hands of our boss, you still want to escape?"

Invincible fighter saw the fear on everyone's faces, a mocking smile appeared on his face!

"Dog, why is there cold sweat on your forehead, why are you all pale?"

He stared at Jiao Ming and mocked!

"You, you... What are you trying to do? Our Jiao Shen tribe belongs to the Heavenly Dharma sect. Our ancestor is the immortal godly king. If you dare to kill us, our ancestor will not let you off!"

Jiao Ming looked at invincible battle technique and Wang Xian and shouted!

"You are the one who is courting death!"

Wang Xian stared at him and his face turned cold!

A flea was jumping around in front of him. Wasn't this courting death?