Chapter 2361: 2361 Hunt 1

"Hehehe, arrogant, continue to be arrogant. You are a piece of trash, boss Wang can easily crush you to death!"

"You actually dare to tell us to SCRAM, and even make us bear the consequences. I'm asking you now, are you panicking? Is it exciting?"

Invincible battle technique looked at Jiao Ming's pale face, and his face was filled with pride!

This fellow had always been extremely arrogant. Just now, he even told them to scram. Now that he looked like this, invincible battle technique felt extremely good!

"This... this little brother, let us go. As long as you are willing to let us go, we are willing to take out all of our treasures!"

An eternal Lord Level 9 powerhouse's face was also filled with cold sweat as he spoke in a low voice!

"Let you all go? is that possible?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across everyone and a cold expression appeared on his face. A level nine master of the Eternal God had already been killed. If he didn't kill all of them, would the ancestor of the Divine Flood Dragon Clan let him go?

"All of you will die today. Blame the name of the Flood Dragon!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm and an incomparably huge palm appeared!

The gigantic palm attacked everyone!

"It's over!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian's killing intent, their hearts sank. Many of them revealed a look of despair!

"It has nothing to do with us. It was Jiao Ming who provoked you. It has nothing to do with us. I don't want to die if I want to kill you and kill him!"

A young man begged Wang Xian for mercy with a face full of fear!

On the side, Jiao Ming's expression kept changing when he heard his words. His clenched fists were bleeding!

He didn't want to die either. He was also very unwilling to die!

Jiao Ming never expected that his opponent would be so strong. Furthermore, there was such a strange formation that trapped all of them here!

He was the proud son of Heaven of the current generation of the Jiao Celestial race. His future was limitless. He had only lived for over a thousand years. He didn't want to die!

"Kill! Even if I have to die, I will bite him!"

An elder at level nine of the eternal celestial master gritted his teeth and attacked Wang Xian with a face full of despair!

It was better to die than to wait for death!

"Bang!"

Unfortunately, his attack landed on Wang Xian's gigantic five elemental law palm and was immediately defeated. When the law palm landed on his body, it cracked rapidly!

Buzz

The old man's corpse was sent flying to the side!

He did not even let out a scream!

When they saw the old man's death, the rest of the members of the divine flood dragon tribe were filled with despair!

"Ahhhh!"

Soon, screams rang out one after another!

Jiao Ming stood there and looked at this scene with a face full of fear. His body was trembling non-stop!

"I... I don't want to die. Please don't kill me!"

He was on the verge of breaking down as he shouted loudly!

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian didn't kill him directly. He waved his arm and cast soul catcher!

"Bang!"

After casting soul catcher, he waved his arm and killed him directly!

He was just an ant that could be killed easily!

He didn't use soul catcher to get them to retrieve the eternal kingdom one by one. This was too much of a waste of time!

It wasn't safe here!

Buzz

After storing all the corpses in the mother nest, Wang Xian removed the black hole disturbing formation!

"Hahaha, boss Wang is invincible!"

Beside him, Invincible's face was filled with excitement. He opened his mouth and came over!

"Let's go to the front and take a look. This place is sealed by the members of the Divine Flood Dragon Clan. There should be some treasures here!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and said to him!

"Alright, boss Wang. Go and tame the Ultimate War Pet of the Eternal God Lord!"

Invincible's eyes lit up!

Boom! Boom

"Huh?"

However, at this moment, Wang Xian sensed a wave of energy flying towards him!

He turned his head around and a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes!

"The members of the star Beast Tower are chasing us!"

Wang Xian said to invincible with a cold expression!

"What? These damn guys are still chasing us. Boss Wang, kill them!"

Invincible battle technique roared with bloodshot eyes!

Wang Xian enveloped it with energy and entered the mountain below!

"It's Here!"

At the next moment, a voice rang out. The third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower flew over with extremely ugly expressions! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The third senior brother looked at the war pet on his shoulder and scanned his surroundings with a gloomy face!

"Senior brother, there's no one here!"

The fourth senior brother checked his surroundings and frowned slightly!

"COO COO, Coo Coo!"

The War Pet on the third senior brother's shoulder cried out twice, and the two eyes in front of him emitted a dark yellow light!

"Whoosh!"

"Be careful, it's below!"

Suddenly, an urgent voice sounded from below. Third Brother quickly reminded him in a stern voice!

At the back, a wound appeared on the cheek of a middle-aged man. His face was filled with fear as he touched it. His heart was beating rapidly!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and grabbed a drop of fresh blood. With his invincible battle technique, he dashed through the mountain range and flew in one direction at a rapid speed!

His speed was so fast that even the people from the star Beast Tower didn't have time to react!

"Damn it!"

Seeing Wang Xian leaving in an instant, the people from the star Beast Tower looked extremely embarrassed!

"Chase!"

Third and fourth senior brothers immediately followed closely behind and chased after Wang Xian!

"Although I don't know how they managed to follow me all the way, it's still good to follow!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he looked at the few drops of blood in his hand!

These few drops of blood could also allow Wang Xian to control the position of the other party!

While Wang Xian was escaping, he was digesting the memories of the Flood Dragon's name!

As the Most Outstanding Heaven's pride disciple of the current generation of the Flood Dragon God clan, the flood dragon's name should know a lot of things. Wang Xian had specially read his memories!

"There's actually an unexpected surprise. It's about the star Beast Tower!"

A few minutes later, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

Jiao Ming had a very good relationship with the son of the first senior brother of the star Beast Tower. This time around, many people from the star Beast Tower had entered the star Beast Planet!

The star Beast Tower was founded more than 500,000 years ago by the crocodile god King. Now, there were ten successive disciples. Each successive disciple possessed the strength of a peak eternal Lord!

In addition to these ten disciples, the star Beast Tower also had five peak eternal God Lord Experts!

The star beast tower had more than 100,000 disciples, and each of them had powerful battle pets. Their combat power was very strong!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the star Beast Tower's strength could rival that of any one of the four major forces in the heaven selection continent!

This time, when the star Beast Planet opened, the star beast tower had more than 1,000 expert disciples enter. They were divided into three waves, and all of them should have entered by now!

The son of the first senior brother of the STARBEAST Tower followed the fifth senior brother of the STARBEAST Tower to the Star Lake. He was prepared to tame the two peak-stage eternal God Lord War Pets in the Star Lake!

"Since the crocodile god King has ordered his disciples to attack me, I can't just sit around and wait for My Death!"

Wang Xian licked his lips and a cold look appeared in his eyes!

He sensed that the experts from the starbeast tower behind him had been temporarily shaken off. His body moved and he immediately flew up into the sky!

"Boss Wang, we've already shaken them off. Where should we go next?"

Invincible battle technique looked behind him and heaved a sigh of relief!

"Let's go to the Star Lake. I want to see who is the hunter and who is the prey!"

Wang Xian said coldly!

The Hunt had begun!