Chapter 2362: 2362 Hunt 2

Star Beast Planet was about the same size as the Tian Ze continent!

Star Source Planet and star Beast Planet were considered hostile planets. Every few hundred years, a large number of desolate beasts on star Beast Planet would attack star source planet under the leadership of the undying god King desolate beasts!

Some star source planet warriors guessed that they came to attack because there were too many desolate beasts on star Beast Planet. They either occupied new territories or reduced the number of desolate beasts!

Every attack would last for a month or two. Tens of billions of desolate beasts would attack from all directions!

Every time a desolate beast attacked, there would be hundreds of millions of casualties on the star origin planet. Many eternal god Lord level experts would perish!

This was because at that time, desolate beasts would come to risk their lives. Eternal god Lord level desolate beasts would not flee even if they were heavily injured!

This resulted in the experts on the star origin planet not being able to escape. This was because once they returned, it would cause their strength to decrease!

Therefore, every time the star Beast Planet invaded, it would be a dark battle!

A huge calamity!

The humans on the star origin planet knew a lot about the star Beast Planet. Under normal circumstances, they would also enter the star Beast Planet!

However, they didn't dare to engage in large scale battles. Even eternal god Lord Level 8 or 9 battles had to be careful!

If they attracted the attention of the star Beast Planet's undying Emperor desolate beast, they would be done for!

Star Lake, in the memories of the flood dragon, there was this lake. Star Lake was adjacent to Xing Hu River, Xing Hu River was very famous on star Beast Planet, it was the territory of a powerful undying emperor desolate beast!

Usually, the people of star Beast Tower did not dare to step into Star Lake, they were afraid of attracting the attention of the undying god King desolate beast!

However, after the undying god King desolate beast left, the warriors of star Beast Tower brought their disciples over!

At this time, at the edge of Star Lake, star Beast Tower's fifth brother led over a hundred star Beast Tower Warriors as they looked at the huge lake in front of them!

"Third senior brother and fourth senior brother are temporarily busy. With our strength, capturing the two star qilin desolate beasts in the star lake might be a little dangerous, but as long as we are prepared, it shouldn't be too much of a problem!"

Fifth senior brother of the star Beast Tower looked at the people beside him and said!

"Fifth elder, with the god locking rope given by the godly monarch, together with fifth elder's battle pet and twelfth elder, it shouldn't be too much of a problem to deal with the two star qilin desolate beasts!"

"Leave the rest of the desolate beasts to us!"

An elder said to fifth senior brother with a smile!

"Yes, it shouldn't be a problem. Let's tame these two star qilin desolate beasts as soon as possible and then go to the next place. Yan Tu and the rest are still waiting for us there!"

Fifth senior brother nodded and gestured to the surrounding people!

Everyone nodded and with a move, they flew straight into the star Quake Lake!

There were two desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Realm in the Star Lake. They had already investigated them thoroughly!

These two desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Realm were one of their targets!

When the group entered the Star Lake, two figures slowly appeared on the right!

"The people from the star Beast Tower, boss Wang, how did you know they were here?"

Invincible battle technique bowed and asked in a low voice when he saw the group of people who had entered the Stellar Lake!

"I got it from the name of the flood dragon. This information is in his interspatial ring!"

Wang Xian gave a perfunctory reply. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes stared at the location below!

"Let's go, we'll follow behind!"

Wang Xian immediately said to invincible battle technique and entered the water!

With his identity as a divine dragon, entering the water did not cause any ripples! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

According to his calculations, it would take at least 20 minutes for third and fourth Senior Brothers of the Astral Beast Tower to catch up to him. 20 minutes was enough!

It was enough for him to finish his hunt!

After entering the Stellar Lake, Wang Xian immediately looked ahead!

Although the Stellar Lake was said to be a lake, its area was extremely vast. With his speed, it would take him more than an hour to fly to the other side of the lake!

The depth of the lake was more than a hundred kilometers. The entire bottom of the lake was paved with Jade Stones. It was extremely beautiful!

Wang Xian had been maintaining a distance of nearly a hundred kilometers from the people from the star Beast Tower. At this distance, they wouldn't be able to discover him at all!

If Wang Xian didn't have the dragon eyes, he wouldn't be able to see clearly from such a distance!

The people from the star beast tower had obviously come prepared. They flew straight to the center of the lake!

They flew for half an hour before they stopped. At the bottom of the lake in front of them, there were many holes!

The holes were not pitch black. Instead, they were emitting a water-blue light!

Around the holes, there was a type of sky-blue undersea godly grass!

These godly grass were all at the level of an eternal God Lord!

In the center, there was a godly tree. This place was a paradise!

"Don't leave the range of the red fiery golden ni-lion King's king skin. Prepare the god-locking rope!"

When the people from the star Beast Tower were about to approach, their bodies suddenly turned illusory and soon disappeared completely!

There was only a dark golden fur floating in the air. It looked a little strange!

This was the fur of the head of the red fiery golden ni-lion, the battle pet of the crocodile god King. This fur could hide their figures and auras, and it was completely undetectable by the desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Realm!

"Eh? This treasure's effect is very strong!"

Wang Xian had been following behind them the entire time and was looking at it with a face full of astonishment!

"As expected, this star Beast Tower has a set of tricks up their sleeves!"

It was not so easy to tame a battle pet at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm!

Even if one had found their nest, one had to be able to approach it and trap it in an area by surprise!

Otherwise, it would be very difficult to capture it if it were to escape directly!

Apparently, the star beast tower had its own unique way of doing things!

Everyone was covered by golden fur until they were about 1,000 meters away from the entrance of the desolate beast nest!

"Among them, there are two at the peak of the eternal lord level. Fifth senior brother of the star Beast Tower has a battle pet at the peak of the eternal lord level. There are a total of three of them!"

"We can't let them capture it so easily. Otherwise, it will be difficult for us to kill them!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he stomped his feet lightly on the bottom of the lake!

Buzz

A wave of energy was transmitted towards the entrance of the cave!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The next moment, a cold roar sounded from the entrance of the cave!

"Oh no!"

The expressions of the experts from the star Beast Tower who were preparing to lay down the god-locking rope changed slightly!

They could not understand how their group was discovered by the desolate beasts inside!

"Attack immediately. The god locking rope must first control a star qilin desolate beast!"

Fifth senior brother's expression changed when he saw that he had been discovered by the desolate beasts. He immediately ordered loudly!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, two huge figures rushed out from the two caves!

Each of them was about twenty meters tall and had a sky-blue body. Their heads were similar to that of a qilin!

The two star qilin desolate beasts launched their attacks the moment they saw the intruders from the star Beast Tower!

"Roar!"

At this moment, powerful roars could be heard from the surroundings of the Star Lake!

Although they weren't as intimidating as the two star qilin desolate beasts, they couldn't be underestimated either!

"Hehe, this is our chance!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!