Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2363: 2363 Hunt 3

"Twelfth elder, we will hold back the two star qilin desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Realm. The rest of you will fight against the others!"

At the bottom of the star Quake Lake, fifth senior brother of the star Beast Tower shouted with a solemn expression!

"Alright!"

The twelfth elder immediately nodded. With a wave of his arm, a sky-blue water cloth-type weapon appeared in front of him, directly attacking the two star qilin desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Beside fifth senior brother, a long golden snake appeared beside him. The snake opened its mouth, and an extremely cold golden light directly attacked!

At the same time, its body moved, instantly entangling a peak eternal God Lord Star Qilin Desolate Beast!

Behind him, fifth senior brother took out the god locking rope, his cold gaze locked onto a star Qilin desolate beast!

"Roar!"

At the bottom of the surrounding lake, the rest of the star qilin desolate beasts roared and attacked the experts from the star Beast Tower!

The entire bottom of the star-moving lake immediately turned chaotic!

"Boss Wang, are we waiting for them to suffer heavy losses?"

At the back, invincible battle technique was obviously very excited when he saw this scene. He spoke to Wang Xian!

"The star Qilin desolate beast is not their match!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he began to set up the formation!

He did not set up the formation in the surroundings. Instead, he set it up on the Five Elements Millstone!

When he was about to use it, he could release it instantly!

Wang Xian had yet to master the offensive formation. The formation he had mastered was not effective against a peak-stage eternal lord. He did not set it up!

Wang Xian's gaze swept ahead. The Stellar Beast Tower had one more peak-stage eternal lord powerhouse. The stellar unicorn desolate beast would not be their match!

At this moment, Wang Xian had to kill an expert at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level!

"You wait here. I'll go over!"

Wang Xian spoke to invincible battle technique and flew straight ahead!

The star Qilin desolate beast was a type of aquatic beast!

Wang Xian approached the battlefield. With a thought, his dragon's might landed on the body of a level three star qilin desolate beast!

"Roar!"

The star qilin desolate beast trembled slightly and flew straight towards Wang Xian!

"Buzz!"

The star Qilin desolate beast flew over and opened its mouth slowly. Wang Xian wrapped himself in energy and directly entered its mouth!

Wang Xian had learned this move from the experts in the city in the sky!

"Get close to the Golden Snake!"

Wang Xian immediately gave the order to the level three star qilin desolate beast, the master of the Eternal God!

The reason why he targeted the metal snake was because its intelligence was relatively low. The chances of him being discovered were not high!

As long as he grasped the opportunity, he could kill it in one strike!

"Roar!"

The level three star Qilin desolate beast of the eternal lord swayed its body and stared at the golden snake!

In the middle of the battlefield, the golden snake was entangled with a star qilin desolate beast at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm. The other desolate beasts did not dare to approach it!

At the side, fifth senior brother and the twelfth elder were working together to fight the other one. The god-locking rope had already wrapped around half of its body!

Although there was an accident, they were still confident in capturing two desolate beasts at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm!

The star Qilin desolate beast controlled by Wang Xian bypassed the surrounding attacks. It swayed its body and carefully attacked the golden long snake!

When it was about ten kilometers away, it suddenly accelerated and attacked the golden snake at a terrifying speed!

It waved its claws and stared at the long snake's body!

This star qilin desolate beast's actions could be said to be very stupid. The level three eternal lord was challenging the peak of the Eternal Lord. He was instantly killed and didn't even have the chance to escape!

"Bang!"

"Hiss, hiss, hiss!"

At the front, the star qilin desolate beast at the peak of the Eternal God Lord struck the body of the golden snake heavily, causing it to fly backward!

The direction it flew towards was exactly where Wang Xian was!

It extended its golden tongue and its eyes were filled with blood-red fury!

When it saw that there was actually an ant that wanted to attack it, its expression became even more furious!

Hiss! Hiss

All of a sudden, the golden snake opened its huge mouth. A golden light flashed and the star Qilin desolate beast was swallowed into its stomach!

The behavior of the golden snake stunned Wang Xian for a second!

He could feel that the star qilin desolate beast that he controlled was rapidly corroding!

"What a pleasant surprise!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. He never expected that this golden snake battle pet would actually swallow the star qilin desolate beast directly!

"The heavens are helping me!"

"Bang!"

Wang Xian's arm slowly turned into a dragon claw. A destructive force of the five elemental laws that was filled with deathly stillness appeared!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

At this moment, the golden long snake that was entangled with the peak of the Master God suddenly revealed a look of extreme fear in its eyes!

Its body stiffened as it shook its body violently in extreme pain!

"Hou Hou!"

In front of it, the peak god Lord Star Qilin desolate beast seized the opportunity to bite its head!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The terrifying biting force directly bit off the Golden Snake's head!

After its head was bitten off, its body continued to move violently. However, soon, it was covered by a surge of energy and its aura disappeared!

"Not good, Jin Xiao has been killed!"

The fifth elder looked at his dead battle pet in shock and roared in disbelief!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Another peak god Lord Star Qilin desolate beast directly attacked the god locking rope!

"Not good, fifth elder, we are in trouble!"

The twelfth elder's expression changed drastically. It was extremely difficult to capture a desolate beast of the same level one-on-one, even if they had powerful divine weapons!

"Damn it, how could Jin Xiao be killed by that star qilin desolate beast!"

The fifth elder widened his eyes, his face still filled with disbelief!

His battle pet was tamed by his master for his disciples. Jin Xiao Divine Snake's strength was definitely one of the stronger ones at the peak of the Eternal God Lord Realm!

Now, he was actually killed directly. He did not even notice it before he was killed directly!

"Let's go. The mission has failed!"

Fifth Senior Brother's face was extremely gloomy as he roared indignantly! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

His War Pet was dead. It was basically hopeless to tame two peak-stage god Lords!

"Want to escape? Hehe, let's just stay here!"

Wang Xian, who was hiding in the body of the Golden Owl Divine Snake, didn't come out. He waved his arm and threw out the five elements millstone!

Buzz

In the next moment, the entire world underwent a huge change!

A black hole disturbance formation appeared!

"What's Going On?"

The sudden change in the surrounding space caused fifth senior brother's expression to change drastically. He stared at the surrounding space in horror!

"What's going on? What's This? Is this a formation? Why did a formation suddenly appear?"

Everyone's expression changed drastically!

"Return to the eternal divine kingdom immediately!"

Fifth senior brother's expression was gloomy. The sudden death of his battle pet and the sudden change in the surrounding space gave them a bad premonition!

It was as if someone was scheming against them!

"What! Fifth Elder, I Can't return to my eternal divine kingdom. I Can't go back!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man shouted with a face full of fear!