Chapter 2364: 2364 Hunt 4

"How is this possible!"

"I can't go back either. What exactly happened!"

"It's this space. These black holes are tearing our bodies apart!"

At this moment, at the bottom of the Star Lake, everyone's faces were filled with shock as they scanned their surroundings!

"This!"

Fifth senior brother and the twelfth elder's expressions changed slightly. Their Hearts sank!

"Break open this space!"

Fifth senior brother immediately ordered loudly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

But at that moment, what responded to him was the roar of a star Qilin desolate beast!

A group of humans had come to attack them. At that moment, how could they, who were filled with savagery and blood, let the other party off so easily?

One by one, the star qilin desolate beasts charged towards them!

"Damn it!"

Fifth senior brother and Twelfth Elder's hearts sank!

"Lead them to the edge of the array formation!"

Twelfth Elder immediately said!

"Alright!"

Fifth senior brother nodded. Now, they could only lead the two star qilin desolate beasts to the surroundings of the strange array formation and use the opportunity to break it open!

The two of them faced the two star qilin desolate beasts with ugly expressions. As they fought, they dodged to the edge of the array formation!

At the same time, they kept scanning their surroundings!

This terrifying space appeared too strangely. They were afraid that there might be people ambushing them!

The two of them were on high alert as they fought for a full five minutes before they managed to lure the two star qilin desolate beasts to the side!

"The other party might be outside!"

The two of them scanned the surrounding space, but they did not find anyone. They looked at each other and said!

"It's possible. Even if we have to break this strange formation, we have to be careful!"

The twelfth elder immediately said!

"After this strange space is broken, return to the eternal divine kingdom immediately!"

Fifth Brother ordered loudly!

"Yes!"

Below, the experts from the star Beast Tower responded loudly. At this moment, there were already casualties among them!

More than 10 people had died out of more than 100 people!

"It's time to make a move!"

Wang Xian looked at the sky and revealed a smile on his face!

Yin and yang flickered on his body and slowly enveloped him!

In such a state, he was almost comparable to the thorned dragon species!

He carefully emerged from the body of the Golden Owl Divine Snake. The people from the star Beast Tower would never have thought that he would be in its stomach!

Fifth senior brother was even more surprised!

Wang Xian's figure was illusory as he approached little by little!

The two of them drew the shockwaves from the attacks of the two star qilin desolate beasts at the peak of the god Lord realm onto the black hole-disturbing array formation. The array formation would collapse soon!

Wang Xian approached little by little. When he was about five kilometers away from fifth senior brother, he narrowed his eyes slightly!

"Get lost!"

In front of him, the gigantic body of the star unicorn desolate beast was charging at him with the power of the law. His face was flushed red as a stream of resplendent water-elemental law landed on his body!

"This is the time!"

Wang Xian seized the opportunity. His body flashed instantly and the Law of darkness and light shot out from his body!

As if time had stopped, Wang Xian appeared behind him in the next moment!

The fatal strike was aimed at his head!

"Die! It's impossible to kill me!"

Fifth Brother felt as if his heart had stopped. He felt the danger behind him and his face was filled with horror!

However, his body instantly released a stream of water ripples. The water ripples were brilliant and wrapped around his body!

"Illusion!"

"Die!"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly. His body was an illusion and his arm was extended to the top of his head. A terrifying destructive force landed on his body!

"Bang!"

After the attack ended, Wang Xian didn't hesitate and fled into the distance!

His palm was cut off by the water wave!

"He has the defense left behind by the Immortal King!"

Wang Xian thought to himself as he looked at his fifth senior brother from the star Beast Tower!

At this moment, his head had been crushed and his entire body was starting to crack!

However, with the life force of an eternal God Lord, he could escape even if he was only left with his blood!

"Roar!"

But the star qilin desolate beast would not let go of such a good opportunity!

Their enemy was heavily injured, so they did not care about the reason. They directly devoured fifth senior brother!

"No!"

He slightly opened the flesh gap on his head, wanting to open his mouth and roar!

"Boom!"

The next second, he entered the darkness!

"Fifth Elder!"

Beside him, the twelfth elder's expression changed drastically as he shouted in a stern voice!

"Not good, fifth elder is dead too!"

"How is this possible? How could fifth elder be killed!"

Upon hearing this voice, everyone from the star beast tower trembled as they looked over in horror!

"That star qilin desolate beast didn't chase after me. Very good!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw that the star qilin desolate beast at the peak of the god Lord Realm didn't attack him and was charging towards the twelfth elder!

He turned his gaze towards the rest of the people from the star Beast Tower!

"Die. Since Your Croc God King wants to kill me, I won't show you any Mercy!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a sinister look as he charged straight towards the hundred plus people from the star Beast Tower! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Not good! Help us, twelve elders! That person is charging towards us!"

An elder who was at level nine of the master God level had sensed everything just now. When he saw Wang Xian charging towards him, his face turned pale!

The twelfth elder, who was asking for help, glanced over and clenched his teeth tightly!

He couldn't even deal with two dire beasts of the same level by himself. How could he have the time to save people?

"Die!"

Wang Xian moved his body and turned his arm into a dragon claw. He attacked the people from the star Beast Tower directly!

"No, no, who are you? Why are you trying to kill us!"

The people stared at Wang Xian in horror and asked loudly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian did not respond at all. With a wave of his arm, he charged towards the people from the star Beast Tower!

His body emitted a huge amount of dragon might. The group of star unicorn desolate beasts stared at Wang Xian in horror and let out a low roar!

However, they did not attack him and Wang Xian did not kill them either!

There were more than a hundred disciples from the star Beast Tower. The strongest one was at level nine of the Eternal Lord. In this space, it was not enough for Wang Xian to kill them!

In just a minute, more than a hundred people from the star Beast Tower were killed!

The last young man was killed after Wang Xian used soul capture!

That young man was the son of the star Beast Tower's eldest senior brother!

"Oh no!"

Seeing all the disciples from the star Beast Tower being killed, the twelfth elder's face changed drastically. His heart was pounding violently!

"You actually dared to sneak attack us. Our crocodile god King will not let you off!"

He swept his gaze across Wang Xian and roared furiously with his blood-red eyes!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian glanced at him with some disdain. He stood at the side and quietly digested the memories of that Young Man!

As the son of the star Beast Tower's eldest senior brother, this young man's understanding of the star Beast Tower was not something that a dragon could compare to!

The battle continued. Halfway through, Wang Xian strengthened the black hole disturbance formation. Wang Xian stood there and watched quietly!

The entire battle lasted for more than ten minutes. The twelfth elder of the star Beast Tower was killed by two desolate beasts!

Although the two desolate beasts were severely injured, that fellow was completely dead!