Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Chapter 2365: 2365 kill 5

"Roar!"

In the space where the black hole disturbed the air, two star qilin dire beasts at the peak of the Eternal Lord stared at Wang Xian and let out a roar!

Clearly, they were warning him!

"Buzz!"

Wang Xian did not make a move. He had already wasted a long time here. He wanted to go to the next place!

He waved his arm and removed the black hole disturbing air formation!

"Boss Wang!"

Seeing Wang Xian appear, invincible battle technique, who was waiting outside, shouted immediately!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded at him and said immediately!

"Gulp, boss Wang, you didn't tame the star qilin desolate beasts at the back?"

Invincible battle technique looked at the group of star qilin desolate beasts staring at them coldly and asked weakly!

"No, I'm not their match!"

Wang Xian replied with a dark face!

"Have you killed those guys from the star Beast Hall?"

Invincible battle technique asked!

"Yes, I used two peak-stage master God level star Qilin Beasts!"

Wang Xian replied!

"Oh, what a pity. A peak-stage master God Level Star Qilin Beast is good as a mount!"

Invincible battle technique mumbled in disappointment!

"After we finish off the people from the star Beast Hall, we will get you a battle pet at the peak of the Master God Level!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Haha, Boss Wang is really a good brother. From now on, you will be my boss with invincible Battlemage!"

Invincible battlemage laughed out loud. He looked around and asked, "Boss Wang, where are we going?"

"The Sea of Star Beasts!"

Wang Xian replied indifferently and flew forward quickly!

Not long after Wang Xian left, a few figures appeared!

"Third senior brother, this is the Star Lake. Aren't fifth junior brother and the rest capturing the star unicorn desolate beast at the Star Lake? That guy actually escaped to this place!"

Among the figures, there were six people on the Golden Owl Divine Snake. Fourth senior brother scanned the surroundings and asked with a slight frown!

"Gugugugugugu!"

Third Senior Brother looked at his war pet and nodded. "Those two damn guys did come here, and they stayed here for a long time

"If they stay here for a long time, fifth junior brother and the others should be able to meet them. Contact fifth junior brother!"

As fourth senior brother spoke, he immediately took out his communication device and began to contact!

"Huh? No reply!"

Soon, he frowned slightly!

"Third Elder, fourth elder, we can't contact the people following fifth elder either!"

At this time, the six experts of the star Beast Hall at the rear also began to make contact and quickly replied!

"This... could something have happened to fifth brother and the others?"

A bad premonition suddenly rose in fourth senior brother's heart!

"No, their strength isn't weak either. Three Peak Eternal God lords'combat strength, that guy isn't a match for junior brother and the others!"

Third senior brother immediately retorted. He looked at the Star Lake and frowned slightly!

The Star Lake was one of the star Beast Hall's targets this time, and it was a more important target!

"Let's go, let's go down and take a look!"

This time, third senior brother did not follow the tracks and continue chasing. Instead, he flew towards the bottom of the lake!

With their strength, they did not need to worry about the desolate beasts at the bottom of the lake. Their actions were somewhat unrestrained!

"Roar Roar!"

Just as they neared the center, a roar was heard!

The expressions of third senior brother and Company changed slightly!

"Why aren't fifth brother and Company at the bottom of Star Lake? According to the time, they should be here... we still can't contact them!"

Fourth senior brother's expression changed slightly as he stared at the two peak god Lord star qilin desolate beasts in front of him!

"The two star qilin desolate beasts are injured. There's a bloody smell around them and traces of battle!"

Third senior brother's expression did not look good. He had a bad premonition in his heart!

"Hiss, hiss!"

At this moment, Jin Xiao divine snake suddenly stuck out his tongue and let out a rapid sound!

"Oh no!"

At this moment, third senior brother's face changed!

"Fifth Junior Brother's battle pet is dead!"

He growled with a gloomy face!

"What?"

Fourth Senior Brother's face changed dramatically, and his body trembled!

"The battle pet is dead, and now fourth senior brother and the others can't contact it. Could it be..."

He widened his eyes, which were full of shock!

Behind him, the experts of star Beast Hall also changed their faces!

In order to chase after the two youths, they had already lost an elder and a peak god Lord Mount. If the fifth elder and the twelve elders were also killed, the Starbeast Hall would lose five peak God Lords!

This was too terrifying!

"Third elder, what should we do now?"

An expert asked with a slightly pale face!

"Continue to chase. If we can't catch him within a day, report to Master!"

Third senior brother gritted his teeth and said with a livid face!

So many people had died because of this matter. If master blamed them, they could not bear it!

"Let's Go!"

The group immediately flew out of the Stellar Lake and continued to pursue them according to the information sent by their battle pets!

"In front of us are the powerhouses of the star Beast Hall. They know that there is a level six desolate beast lair of the eternal God Lord. There are more than 500 people from the star Beast Hall Here!"

At this moment, Wang Xian had already arrived at the edge of the star Beast Sea!

According to the information recorded by the young man, he narrowed his eyes slightly and stared ahead!

On the Golden Beach, there were huge rocks in front of them. There were more than 500 people gathered on the entire Rocky Beach!

The strongest one was an eternal lord level nine powerhouse while the rest were below level nine!

However, all of them were at the level of eternal Lord!

"Wait here, I'll go and kill them!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

"TSK TSK, this darn guy from the star Beast Tower. It's the most unfortunate choice to offend boss Wang. No, it's also their misfortune to offend invincible battle technique!"

When invincible battle technique saw Wang Xian rushing out, a look of sympathy appeared on his face!

In his eyes, the current boss Wang was insanely powerful!

At the very least, none of the experts who were at the peak of the eternal divine lord of the battle techniques aristocratic clan were as powerful as boss Wang!

"Ahhhh!"

The time of killing was very fast. It was over in just a few minutes. Not a single one of them managed to escape!

Wang Xian also received some useful information from them!

The younger generation of the star Beast Tower was following the disciples of the Heaven Dharma sect and the Overlord sect for training. There were a total of nearly a thousand people!

There was also an expert with more than a hundred people heading to the lair of a group of desolate beasts to capture them!

Based on the memories he obtained, Wang Xian immediately flew towards the direction of the hundred over people!

With his full speed, he should be able to arrive in twenty minutes!

Wang Xian brought his invincible battle technique and continued his hunting journey!

Ten minutes later, third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower followed the tracks and rushed over!

However, before they reached the edge of the Sea of Star Beasts, they had a bad feeling!

"Quick, quick, more than 500 experts from our star Beast Tower are preparing to tame the heavenly turtle desolate Beast Horde near the Sea of Star Beasts!"

Fourth senior brother growled in a low voice. He was feeling a little uneasy!

The rest of them clenched their fists tightly. If the people from the star Beast Tower in front of them were also killed, then they would feel some fear!