Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chapter 2368: Under the Furious Star Beast Tower

"This..."

When the disciples of the Heavenly Dharma Gate saw Wang Xian killing all the disciples of the star Beast Tower with a wave of his hand, they were all shocked!

All the people from the star Beast Tower who were talking to them just now were killed so easily!

There was no room for them to resist!

Just a second ago, the disciples of the star Beast Tower were proud to say that they didn't regret joining the star Beast Tower. However, now...

Gulp

The group of Heavenly Dharma Disciples couldn't help but Gulp. They watched as Wang Xian and invincible battle technique took away all the corpses and left!

"Deacon, who... who are those two? How dare they..."

A young man couldn't help but ask the powerhouse in the sky!

"I'm not too sure!"

The powerhouse from the Heavenly Dharma sect shook his head slightly!

He was extremely shocked that someone dared to kill someone from the star Beast Hall so brazenly!

The star Beast Hall was founded by the crocodile god King after all. A god King and a god King battle pet were not something an ordinary faction could afford to provoke!

"The other party should also have a god King backing them. Otherwise, they would not have disregarded the star Beast Hall's Revenge!"

He said faintly!

Over a thousand disciples of the Heavenly Dharma Gate nodded in agreement!

This world was just so cruel. If the two of them didn't have a godly monarch backing them up, they were almost 100% sure that their family clans and factions would be exterminated by godly monarch crocodile!

"Alright, let's continue with the training!"

The Heavenly Dharma gate expert said to all the disciples. After hesitating for a moment, he still told the news to the people of the star Beast Hall!

"Damn it, damn it! Third Elder, fourth elder, all the disciples from the Heavenly Dharma Gate have been killed by them!"

When the news reached third senior brother and the others, an old man roared furiously!

"Crack! Crack! Crack!"

At this moment, when the two of them heard the news, they clenched their fists tightly and let out crisp sounds. A terrifying killing intent shot out from their bodies!

"They should be heading to our star Beast Tower and the Overlord sect's disciples'training location!"

Fourth Senior Brother's face was gloomy as he roared in a low voice!

"Instant teleportation, we will use instant teleportation to rush over!"

Third senior brother gritted his teeth and roared with a cold expression!

Instant teleportation allowed one to travel at least ten times faster than flying, and the limit could be 20 times faster!

However, the further one teleported, the more dangerous it was!

If there was a peak eternal god Lord desolate beast at the bottom of the teleportation point, there would be a fluctuation before teleportation!

If a desolate beast attacked, there was a high chance that a peak god Lord expert would be instantly killed!

After all, one could not make a move at the instant of teleportation!

Therefore, no one dared to teleport in an unfamiliar place, especially on star Beast Planet. Not many experts dared to teleport!

If they were not forced to do so, they would not have done such a dangerous thing!

"Let's Go!"

Fourth senior brother and the others gritted their teeth and nodded heavily!

They could not care less about the danger now!

Their figures moved slightly, and the black hole flashed in front of them, and they disappeared in an instant!

The speed of teleportation was very fast. They had only used two minutes to cover the distance that would have taken them twenty minutes!

"Star Earth Desert, this is the place!"

Third senior brother and the others looked at the desert in front of them and let out a slight sigh of relief!

Fortunately, they did not encounter any danger!

"The members of our star Beast Tower should have already entered the desert. Come, Let's Go!"

Third Senior Brother said as he flew straight into the desert!

A minute later, more than two thousand figures appeared in their line of sight!

"Disciples of the star Beast Tower, your elders are here!"

In front of the two thousand disciples, a middle-aged man saw them and immediately said to the disciples of the star Beast Tower!

They had already received the news from the star Beast Tower ahead of Time!

"It's good that you're Alright!"

Fourth senior brother saw the disciples of the star Beast Tower and heaved a heavy sigh of relief!

"Third Elder!"

"Fourth Elder!"

The group of disciples looked at the elder flying over in astonishment and immediately called out to him!

The other disciples of the Overlord sect looked over in astonishment. They had been very puzzled when they were suddenly told to stop!

"Mm!"

Third senior brother and the others nodded, and their embarrassed expressions eased up a little!

"Third brother Guo, why is there a peak-stage god Lord expert hunting your disciples? What enmity?"

At this moment, an old man in front of them looked at the third brother of the star Beast Tower and asked with a smile!

"Eh? Pavilion master Murong, you actually came here too!"

The third brother was slightly shocked when he saw the old man and asked with some surprise!

"If you have nothing to do, bring the little ones to have some fun!"

Pavilion master Murong said with a faint smile, his gaze sweeping over the group of them, "What's going on?"

"Some reckless fellows have provoked our star Beast Tower, we will soon destroy all of them!"

Third Senior Brother said with a cold face!

"Hehe, then take this disciple away!"

Pavilion master Murong did not ask further, but said with a smile!

"Yes!"

Third senior brother and the others nodded indifferently!

"Eh? Boss Wang, we seem to be late!"

At this moment, at a spot more than 20 kilometers away from this place, invincible battle technique frowned as he looked ahead!

"Hehe, although we are late, it shouldn't be a problem to kill those 500 plus people!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

A group of godly state experts. All he needed to do was to shake his aura and he would be able to kill all of them!

"Let's go and get closer!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he brought his invincible battle technique and immediately approached the front!

"There's someone?"

When Wang Xian was only 20 kilometers away, pavilion master Murong, who was in front of the Overlord sect, suddenly squinted his eyes and looked over!

Boom

In the next moment, a terrifying aura attacked them!

"This is?"

Pavilion master Murong's eyes were filled with vigilance as he instantly stood in front of all the disciples of the Overlord sect!

"What's Going On!"

The sudden burst of pressure caused third senior brother and the others to be slightly startled as they hurriedly turned their heads to look!

"Pu Pu Pu!"

However, at this moment, sounds came from behind them one after another!

This caused third senior brother and the others'expressions to change drastically as they hurriedly turned their heads to leave!

"You deserve to die!"

Fourth senior brother saw that all the disciples of the star Beast Hall had been suppressed by the pressure. His eyes were blood red as he roared with an icy cold expression!

A voice filled with killing intent resounded in the sky above the entire desert!

At this moment, their hearts were burning with fury!

A group of disciples had actually been killed in front of their eyes. This enmity, this humiliation, it would be difficult for them to vent their anger without killing them!

"This... what is this situation?"

At a side, the disciples of the Overlord sect saw all the disciples of the star Beast Tower being killed and their faces were filled with astonishment!

They didn't know what had happened just now, but all the disciples of the star Beast Tower had been killed!

"What a terrifying pressure. However, how much hatred did they have to take the risk to kill so many disciples of the star Beast Tower!"

Pavilion master Murong looked over and his eyes revealed a look of surprise!

The pressure attack just now might not be fatal to the eternal God Lord, but it was a fatal attack to a godly state expert!