Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2369: 2369 young immortal King 1

"Haha, over 1,000 disciples, over 600 eternal God Masters, and a few peak eternal God Masters!"

"Star Beast Tower, this is the price you have to pay for trying to kill me!"

Wang Xian looked at the furious star Beast Tower's experts and laughed heartily!

The star Beast Tower's people wanted to kill him, but now they had finally let out a sigh of relief!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The expressions of the third and fourth Senior Brothers of the star Beast Tower were extremely ferocious. They instantly rose into the sky, and an incomparably terrifying power erupted from their bodies!

"Our star Beast Tower swears that we will definitely exterminate all of your family members and implicate your entire family!"

Fourth senior brother stared at Wang Xian with bloodshot eyes and roared crazily!

"Hahaha, implicate your entire family? My unrivalled ancestor is an immortal god King. What the F * ck are you talking about?"

"Boss Wang Has Xuan Tian son God Emperor behind him, the two God emperors behind us can't Beat Your Star Beast Tower, are you kidding?"

"You want to kill boss Wang, What's wrong with taking revenge?"

Just as he said that, the unrivalled warrior behind him said loudly with disdain!

He was unrivalled in battle and was not afraid of the star Beast Tower, his ancestor was a god Emperor, and he had said that he had found an overlord God Emperor to take him as a disciple, that made him even more awesome!

Star Beast Tower? What was there to be afraid of?

"You... killed so many of our star Beast Tower's disciples and experts. We, the crocodile godly monarch, will not let you off, even if you have a godly monarch backing you up!"

An old man from the star Beast Tower's expression changed as he coldly roared!

"Pavilion master Murong, I'll have to trouble you to use the heaven domination art to help us temporarily seal them. Our Star Beast Tower will definitely be eternally grateful!"

Third Senior Brother looked at pavilion master Murong and said with an embarrassed expression!

The reason why they didn't attack Wang Xian and the rest immediately was because they knew that the other party was faster than them!

It had to be said that this made them extremely sullen!

At this moment, if pavilion master Murong of the Overlord sect was willing to make a move, they were confident that they could keep the other party alive!

The Overlord sect possessed a law-based divine ability created by an eternal godly king. Although they could not fully display it, it was still very terrifying!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian saw his third senior brother from the star Beast Tower asking for help from the elder in front of him. He frowned slightly and retreated to the side of invincible battle technique, ready to escape at any time!

"Senior, please don't help them. Invincible battle technique is also a disciple of the Overlord sect. My ancestor said that an expert from the Overlord sect is willing to take a kid as his disciple. We are a family!"

Invincible battle technique looked over and immediately said to pavilion master Murong!

Pavilion master Murong was stunned for a moment. Suddenly, a thoughtful look appeared on his face!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian didn't stay any longer. He turned around and fled with his invincible battle technique!

He had played enough with the people from the star Beast Tower. Next, it was time to tame the dire beasts!

He hadn't gotten his revenge yet. When his strength had increased by another level, he would let the entire star Beast Tower know the consequences of offending him!

This was just the beginning!

"Go, Go!"

When third senior brother and the rest saw Wang Xian escaping, they let out a ferocious roar and immediately chased after him!

Very soon, the figures of Wang Xian and the rest of the experts from the star Beast Tower disappeared quickly!

At the back, everyone from the Overlord sect watched this scene in shock!

"That... that guy called invincible in battle techniques. When he was in the temporary continent, he seemed to have said that he was a disciple of the Overlord sect!"

At this moment, a female disciple pointed to the place where she disappeared and said with a changing expression!

"He isn't our senior brother, right? Our Overlord sect doesn't have such a person. Could it be that he is pretending to be a disciple of our overlord sect?"

A young man frowned and said!

"Huh? Pretending to be a disciple of our overlord sect?"

The experts from the Overlord sect in front also frowned!

No one dared to pretend to be a member of their overlord sect and bluff. If anyone dared to do so, they would quickly become a dead person!

"Pavilion Master, that young man..."

A middle-aged expert looked at pavilion master Murong and said with a frown!

"He might really become a disciple of our overlord sect!"

Pavilion master Murong's eyes flickered slightly! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

He was the great-grandson of a godly monarch, so he knew more things!

The godly monarch of the battle techniques aristocratic clan had seen his great-grandfather before. It seemed that his great-grandfather really wanted to take in a disciple, a closed-door disciple!

However, he wasn't very sure. Now that he heard that his battle techniques were invincible, he felt that it might be true!

This was also the reason why he wasn't willing to take action just now!

"Oh?"

The people from the Overlord sect were slightly shocked, and their faces revealed a look of astonishment!

Pavilion master Murong didn't explain too much. After hesitating for a moment, he immediately reported this matter to his grandfather and several experts from the Overlord sect!

"Stop!"

At this moment, in front of them, third senior brother and the others from the star Beast Tower stopped with faces full of despair!

In just two minutes, the other party had disappeared. They could not catch up at all!

This caused the hearts of the people from the star Beast Tower to be filled with disappointment and despair!

In the entire star Beast Tower, only a few of them had entered the star Beast Planet. There were less than ten of them!

Everyone else had been killed!

Now that they could not catch up to the other party, so what if they did? The other party would be able to return to his eternal divine kingdom in an instant!

This matter had to be told to master and the others!

"I have already told Master and the rest of the senior brothers about this matter!"

Third senior brother paused for a moment, took out the communication stone plate, and spoke with a trembling arm!

The others were silent and did not speak!

"Wait for master's Order!"

After a moment of silence, third senior brother continued!

The group of people stood there and waited silently!

"Boom!"

At the same time, in the Hundred Beast Valley on the star origin planet, a terrifying aura suddenly soared into the sky!

In the Hundred Beast Valley, all the desolate beasts were trembling as they lay on the ground, their bodies trembling!

"Roar Roar!"

A low roar sounded. The head of the beast was like that of a qilin, its entire body emitting flames as it flew to the center!

This desolate beast was an undying god King Level Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion!

In front of the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion, the skinny crocodile god King with his hair tied up and a beard was staring at the communication stone plate in his hands with killing intent!

"Temporary continent!"

He roared coldly, directly riding on the Red Flame Golden Ni Beast!

"Howl!"

Feeling the rage of its master, the Red Flame Golden Ni Beast let out a howl, flying at a terrifying speed towards the temporary continent!

"Rumble!"

In the sky, waves of pressure caused everyone within a radius of a few million km to reveal looks of fear!

"Crocodile god Emperor, don't show off, undying God Emperor is prohibited from getting close to star Beast Planet!"

Within the temporary continent, an old woman's warning voice sounded!

"Don't worry, I'll make a trip, I'll be back soon!"

Crocodile god Emperor's expression changed as he roared softly!

"You dare to violate the rules of our heavenly law sect and Overlord Sect?"

At this time, the heavenly law sect supreme elder Leng's silhouette appeared in space, staring coldly at crocodile god Emperor!