Chapter 2370: 2370 undyings 2

"What happened, crocodile god Emperor actually wants to go to star Beast Planet!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I just heard from my junior that something happened to the disciples of Star Beast Tower!"

"It seems like they were all killed, now even crocodile god Emperor can't sit still!"

Within the temporary continent, everyone saw crocodile god Emperor riding on an undying God Emperor Mount, and the heavenly law sect Supreme Elder's image appeared, their faces filled with shock!

Some of the disciples who had some understanding of the situation on the star beast planet whispered to each other!

Wang Xian had killed the disciples of the star Beast Tower twice without hiding anything. Now, the entire Heavenly Dharma sect and the Overlord sect basically knew about it!

The crocodile god King stared at the Phantom image of the Heavenly Dharma Sect's supreme elder Leng with an uncertain expression!

He really didn't dare to violate the rules of the Heavenly Dharma sect and the Overlord sect. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to bear the consequences!

However, when he thought about how all the disciples of his star Beast Tower who had gone to star Beast Planet had been killed, he felt extremely unwilling!

A little thief had caused them to suffer such heavy losses. If he did not take revenge, he would not be able to take this lying down!

"The star Beast Tower has issued a bounty. If any faction is able to kill the two disciples of my star Beast Tower, I will reward four peak eternal god Lord Battle Pets. If I can capture them, I will reward six peak eternal god Lord Battle Pets!"

"I will keep my word. Furthermore, I will protect you from any retaliation!"

Croc god King sat on the body of the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion and announced coldly!

"Hiss, Croc God King has actually issued a bounty!"

"This... killing two people from the Starbeast Hall and directly rewarding four peak eternal god Lord Battle Pets. This bounty is too precious!"

When some people heard the crocodile god King's reward, their faces were filled with shock!

Four Pinnacle Eternal God Lord Battle Pets, to those forces without a god King, this was already the highest level of combat power!

Moreover, it was a one-time reward of four!

"However, the other party was able to kill a pinnacle eternal god Lord Expert from the star Beast Hall, it's not so easy to kill him!"

Some of the experts were deep in thought!

The other party was able to infuriate the godly monarch, so he was not a simple character!

"Master!"

At this moment, figures with murderous auras flew over from below!

The disciples of crocodile god King and the peak eternal lord experts of the star Beast Hall flew over!

"Master, allow me to enter the star Beast Hall. I want to avenge Ning!"

The leading Elder's eyes were blood red as he spoke to crocodile god King. His body was trembling!

An old man had a son. He doted on that son of his very much. Now that he was actually killed, he wanted to take revenge!

"Master, I heard that fifth junior brother was killed. We will go and take revenge for him!"

An elder beside him also shouted with a stern expression!

Crocodile god King's gaze swept over his disciples and the star Beast Hall experts!

"Boss, bring sixth and seventh to meet up with third and fourth!"

"Also, if the peak eternal God Lord Expert assists this disciple of mine in killing the enemy, he will be rewarded with a peak eternal God Lord Battle Pet. Even if he fails, he will be rewarded with a Tier 9 battle pet!"

Crocodile god King's gaze was ice-cold as he spoke again!

"Yes, Master!"

Star Beast Hall's eldest senior brother immediately nodded heavily!

"Croc God King, I am willing to assist star Beast Hall's Bell Expert!"

"We are also willing!"

At this moment, one figure after another flew in front of Croc God King. Each of them had the strength of a peak eternal God Lord!

Star Beast Planet's opening, in addition to the star source planet, there were also more than a dozen planets similar to the natural selection continent!

Perhaps these more than a dozen planets were not as powerful as the Tian Ze continent, but there were still quite a number of peak eternal God Lord Experts!

The reward for killing them just now might be a little difficult for them!

But now, there was a peak eternal god Lord Battle Pet helping to kill them. Even if they did not kill it, there would still be a Tier 9 battle pet. This was a huge fortune!

This time, crocodile god King could be considered to have put in a lot of money!

For a moment, four figures flew over. This was also because there were fewer peak eternal God Lord experts here!

"Alright, bring this war pet and kill the Little Brat!"

Croc god King waved his arm, and a strange war pet appeared!

"It's Master!"

The star Beast Tower's experts looked delighted when they saw the war pet in front of them, and immediately responded loudly!

"You dare to kill my star Beast Tower's people, this god King will crush your bones and Scatter Your Ashes!"

Croc god King growled with a cold face!

"I didn't expect the star Beast Tower to send so many warriors to chase after them!"

"If they directly return to the eternal God country, where can the star Beast Tower Find Them?"

"I heard it seems like the star Beast Tower's warriors want to kill them, and they are being hunted by them!"

Some people saw the star Beast Tower's warriors enter the star Beast Planet, discussing softly!

Crocodile God Emperor sat on his undying god King battle pet, standing there quietly!

Heavenly Dharma Gate's supreme elder Leng glanced at him and his shadow disappeared!

"Boss Wang, there are indeed many desolate beasts in the star Beast Hall. Haha, if we stay here for a few months, wouldn't we be able to build a god Lord Battle Pet Army!"

When the experts of the star Beast Hall came to the star Beast Planet to hunt down Wang Xian!

On top of a mountain range, invincible battle technique looked at the tamed desolate beast in front of him with excitement!

It was a level nine desolate beast of the Master of Eternal God!

If it was in the past, he would definitely pounce on it. However, he was no longer interested in it now!

He was waiting for Wang Xian to give him a battle pet at the peak of the Master of Eternal God!

"Let's go and see if we can tame some battle pets with peak combat strength!"

Wang Xian smiled at him!

He was prepared to tame some battle pets at the peak of the Master of Eternal God here. He was not going to sell these battle pets. Instead, he was going to use them to fight against the city in the sky!

Of course, if the warpets he tamed were enough to raise his level by one level, he would sell them too!

"Let's go to the direction of the ocean!"

Wang Xian said to him and continued to search for desolate beasts!

The star Beast Planet's eternal god-level desolate beasts were not common. He was prepared to enter the ocean!

Once he entered the ocean, all aquatic creatures below the fourth level of the eternal god-level could be ruled instantly!

"Eldest senior brother!"

On the other side of the star Beast Planet, third senior brother and fourth senior brother looked at the seven people and one beast in front of them and respectfully called out to the old man in the lead!

The star Beast Tower's eldest senior brother was an expert second only to his master, so everyone respected him very much!

"Do you know where those two thieves are now?"

Eldest senior brother asked them with a cold face!

"Eldest senior brother, they haven't escaped yet. The demon eye can find them, but their speed is too fast. We can't catch up with them at all!"

"However, master has sent a golden ni-lion beast. We still have a very high chance of killing it!"

Third Senior Brother said to eldest senior brother and the others. He looked at the war pet at the side with a trace of excitement in his eyes!

Towards those two Sly Fellows, he was furious and helpless. Now that his master had sent the golden ni beast, the chances of killing it had increased by 50-60% !

The golden ni beast was the heir of the Undying God king battle pet, the Scarlet Flame Golden ni beast, even though its mother was a pinnacle eternal god Lord Desolate Beast!

However, the golden ni beast was much stronger than normal pinnacle desolate beasts!