Chapter 2371: 2371 undying Emperor Cub 3

"As long as we can find the two thieves, with the golden ni beast targeting him, we can definitely kill them, let's Go!"

Star Beast Tower's first senior looked at everyone and said to them!

"Yes!"

Everyone immediately nodded, their bodies filled with killing intent!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

On the side, the golden ni beast let out a howl, its entire body becoming 30m in size!

Everyone immediately jumped onto its body, bringing with them a cold murderous aura!

A total of nine peak eternal god Lord experts and a few rank 9 god Lords, and this was not even counting the peak eternal God Lord Battle Pets!

Such a powerful force could destroy several weak planets!

"Brother Golden Ni-lion, in the direction of the ocean, the other party might enter the ocean!"

Third senior brother stood on the golden ni beast and said to it!

"Roar Roar!"

The golden ni beast let out a low roar and suddenly increased its speed!

Its speed was much faster than theirs!

It was not an exaggeration to say that within the star beast planet, very few desolate beasts were its match without the appearance of an undying godly monarch!

"Hua La!"

Within the ocean, Wang Xian led his invincible battle technique into the ocean!

The two of them flew deeper into the sea!

The Sea of the star Beast Planet was equally vast. There were all kinds of sea monsters and aquatic creatures wreaking havoc here!

They could occasionally bump into aquatic creatures at the level of the Eternal God Lord!

After going deeper into the sea for more than 100 kilometers, the two of them arrived at the bottom of the sea!

The bottom of the Sea of the star beast planet was much shallower than that of the Tian Ze continent. However, the level of danger was much higher than that of the Tian Ze continent!

"It's more or less the same here. It's still the same old rules. You Go and attract them!"

"If you encounter any sea monster nests, inform me directly!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings and said to invincible battle technique!

"Don't worry, boss Wang. Leave it to me!"

Invincible battle technique nodded his head!

This was not the first time he had done something like this. He was already familiar with it!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head with a smile on his face!

If he was lucky this time, he should be able to obtain a lot of things. Perhaps he could even obtain the resources that he needed to upgrade!

However, the resources that he needed to upgrade now were seven to eight times more than before. If he wanted to upgrade again, it would take some time!

Invincible battle technique flew off into the distance as Wang Xian began to set up a formation!

"Oh right, check out the people from the star Beast Hall!"

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat. He had killed so many experts from the star Beast Hall. It was impossible to say that the star Beast Hall had not made any movements!

Moreover, an immortal king would definitely not let him off so easily!

Buzz

Wang Xian took out a drop of blood and immediately set up the formation to investigate!

This drop of blood was left behind by him when he deliberately attacked an eternal lord of level nine. It was to control the other party's movements!

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian sensed the other party's location through the array formation, he revealed a surprised expression!

His expression changed slightly as he set up another array formation!

An image appeared in front of him. In the image, more than a dozen figures were riding on a war pet and flying rapidly!

They were already in the middle of the ocean!

Wang Xian frowned. His face was filled with astonishment!

"What method did the other party use to lock onto their position? Did they hide their aura?"

"Moreover, there are nearly ten divine lords at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm among this group of people. This is not even counting their war pets!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly!

With so many experts surrounding him, it would be difficult for Wang Xian to escape even if they surrounded him!

"They are already close to me!"

Wang Xian didn't hesitate at all. He immediately flew in the direction of invincible battle technique!

If he hadn't checked ahead of time, he might have been in trouble!

Even so, it was still very dangerous for more than a dozen experts at the peak of the Divine Lord Stage to chase after him!

Furthermore, the other party was definitely fully prepared!

Unless he escaped back to his eternal divine kingdom now!

Wang Xian was still a little unwilling to go back now. He had yet to reap any rewards!

Whoosh

"Invincible in battle techniques. Let's continue to escape. The experts from the star Beast Tower are chasing after us!"

Two minutes later, Wang Xian saw the figure of invincible in battle techniques. He immediately grabbed him and fled forward!

"What? Those bunch of fellows who are courting death still dare to chase after us?"

Invincible battle technique revealed an angry expression!

"Those two B * stards are right in front. Golden ni-lions, lock onto them!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, an extremely angry voice was heard along with a beast roar!

Crack! Crack! Crack

When the beast roar was heard, the surrounding seawater started to crack. The seawater was like a mirror!

"What is this?"

Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly. This effect was actually similar to the disturbance of the black hole!

However, unlike the disturbance of the black hole, this state could not be maintained for more than a few seconds!

Moreover, it could not trap people

"Run!"

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. He brought his invincible battle technique and ran forward!

"Roar! Roar!"

Behind him, the golden ni beast immediately gave chase. Waves of terrifying barbaric aura charged towards Wang Xian!

The moment he tried to escape back to the eternal divine kingdom, he would be interrupted!

"What a fast speed!"

Wang Xian flew forward and sensed the speed at the rear. A look of surprise appeared on his face!

However, he didn't panic at all. In the ocean, it was impossible for the other party to catch up to him!

"What a fast speed!"

At the rear, the star Beast Tower's eldest senior brother and the other peak-stage master gods looked at Wang Xian's speed with shock on their faces!

The golden ni-lions were already fast enough, but they couldn't catch up to him!

This made their faces extremely ugly!

"You bunch of beasts from the star Beast Tower. You Can't even catch up to them. Why the F * ck are you chasing after them? Get lost!"

"It's already good enough that we're not bickering with you. How dare you chase after us!"

Invincible battle technique cursed at them with a face full of anger!

He was waiting for boss Wang to help him tame the main war pet of the Eternal God!

"Damn it, I will definitely kill all of you. I will definitely take your heads!"

Behind them, the experts from the Astral Beast Tower roared crazily!

"Who doesn't know how to Brag? I still want to take your heads!"

Invincible battle technique shouted disdainfully!

"Roar Roar!"

Everyone was so angry that they let out a beast roar. Their faces were extremely ferocious!

Wang Xian had been flying at high speed. Behind him, the people from the star beast building were chasing him relentlessly!

After chasing him for a full hour and nearly a hundred million kilometers, they still didn't give up!

"This bunch of lackeys!"

Invincible battle technique had been scolding them from behind. His face was dark. They had been chasing him for more than an hour!

"Even if we have to chase you out of the star Beast Planet, we will not let you off!"

The experts of the star beast building gritted their teeth and growled in a low voice!

The reason why they did not give up after chasing for such a long time was because they were waiting for a peak god Lord battle pet to suddenly appear in front of them!

Once it appeared, the other party's speed would be obstructed. At that time, they would be able to kill it!

"Hou Hou!"

After chasing for another ten minutes, the golden ni-beast suddenly let out an uneasy roar. Its speed suddenly decreased by a lot!

"HM? Brother Golden ni beast..."

Above, the people from Star Beast Tower were stunned, they immediately asked the golden ni beast!

"Roar Roar!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The golden ni beast slowly stopped and looked ahead uneasily, letting out a roar!

"Brother Golden Ni Beast, you said that ahead is... the undying god King desolate beast domain?"

Star Beast Tower's first senior's expression changed!