Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2372: 2372 undyings infant 4

"Howl Howl!"

A low howl came from the golden ni Beast's mouth, it stared ahead fearfully, it was restless!

It turned its head and looked at the group on its body, shaking its head slightly!

"It's the domain of the undyings, the golden ni beast doesn't dare to enter!"

Eldest brother said with a serious expression, he looked ahead and frowned!

"Even if the undying god King desolate beast is not here, there are many peak eternal god Lord desolate beasts in there!"

The people from Star Beast Tower were helpless. Entering there was extremely dangerous!

But if they did not enter, the two of them could escape or be killed by the desolate beasts in there!

The possibility of the former was higher!

"We will guard here. It's impossible for him to pass through the undying god King Domain. If he wants to come out, he can only come out from here!"

The expression of the star Beast Tower's eldest senior brother fluctuated as he ordered the rest of them!

"Yes!"

The rest of them could only wait here!

"Boss Wang, they're not chasing us anymore!"

At this moment, unrivaled battle technique and Wang Xian, who were unaware that they had entered the immortal King's desolate beast domain, heaved a sigh of relief when they saw that they were no longer chasing after them!

"They should have given up. HMPH, they are overthinking it if they want to catch up to us!"

Unrivaled battle technique opened his mouth and continued speaking!

"They might be ambushing us or surrounding us. We should fly a distance further in!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the back. He frowned slightly and continued flying forward!

"Boss Wang, shake them off. Let's Go Tame the Pinnacle War Pet of the Eternal God Lord!"

Invincible agreed!

Wang Xian flew straight ahead. However, the deeper he flew, the more he felt that something was amiss!

There seemed to be a faint pressure in this space!

"Eh?"

"What's going on?"

Wang Xian frowned and scanned his surroundings. He didn't sense anything amiss!

"What's going on, boss Wang? What's going on?"

Invincible asked in surprise!

"There's something strange here. Be careful!"

Wang Xian reminded him. After hesitating for a moment, he flew to the left!

Whoosh

After flying for about 50 kilometers, Wang Xian suddenly felt as though he had passed through something!

He was slightly stunned as he looked ahead in astonishment!

"Boss Wang!"

At the side, invincible battle technique suddenly let out a cry of surprise as he stared ahead with his eyes wide open!

Wang Xian was also looking ahead as his pupils contracted slightly!

A few kilometers away from them, a white desolate beast with a pair of wings and fish scales was staring at them!

This desolate beast was about two meters in size. It didn't have four limbs, but it had a pair of sharp horns and teeth!

At this moment, this desolate beast was sizing them up with a face full of curiosity!

This wasn't what shocked Wang Xian and the rest. What shocked them was that there were more than ten desolate beasts with tens of thousands of tentacles around this desolate beast!

These more than ten desolate beasts contained an incomparably terrifying might!

"Gulp, this... this... boss Wang, that group of desolate beasts seems to be all existences at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level!"

Invincible battle technique swallowed a mouthful of saliva and said with a face full of shock!

Wang Xian's gaze swept over them and his expression was also a little embarrassed!

His gaze was fixed on the small desolate beast that was also staring at them!

Water vapor desolate beast: Eternal God Lord Level 1(level 3 infant of the Immortal King)

A piece of information appeared in Wang Xian's mind, causing his expression to change!

Level 3 infant of the Immortal King, a level 3 infant of the Immortal King!

This was a pup that could be upgraded to the level of level three immortal King!

However, Wang Xian soon realized a problem. What was this place?

To be able to have a pup of the immortal king, coupled with the strange feeling just now, Wang Xian had a bad premonition in his heart!

"Crash!"

At this moment, in front of them, a group of peak-stage god-level desolate beasts suddenly swayed their tentacles and appeared on both sides!

"Sou!"

Behind them, two gigantic octopus-like desolate beasts appeared behind them, completely sealing off their escape routes!

"Damn it, boss Wang, we are really unlucky. We actually entered the nest of peak god Lord Desolate Beasts. We have to run!"

Invincible battle technique's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene, and he said with a bitter expression!

This time, he was not talking about running. He was talking about directly escaping back to his eternal divine kingdom!

"Sigh, when I'm with you, I'm just running for my life!"

Invincible battle technique couldn't help but mutter!

It was too difficult. He was simply too difficult!

"Try and see if you can return to your Eternal Divine Kingdom!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. His eyes were filled with vigilance as he spoke to invincible battle technique!

"Huh?"

Invincible battle technique was slightly taken aback. His mind stirred!

Very soon, his eyes widened and his face was filled with Panic!

"Boss... boss Wang, What's going on? I Can't return to my eternal divine kingdom. What's going on? !"

He spoke to Wang Xian in Panic!

"We should have stepped into the immortal King's territory. I wonder if this is his eternal divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian was also embarrassed. He could sense that he could not return to the eternal God country from here!

"What? Boss Wang, are you kidding me? I... This... I'm still young and invincible in battle techniques. I don't want to Die!"

Invincible in battle techniques was really panicking at this moment!

The domain of the Immortal King?

In addition to the surrounding peak-stage godly master desolate beasts, where could he run to? Even if he had a supreme treasure that could defend against attacks, what would he do if the immortal king desolate beasts came?

"Boss Wang, think of something quickly. I don't want to be eaten by the desolate beasts. I haven't married yet!"

Invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian with a sad face!

"Sou Sou!"

The moment he finished his sentence, the surrounding desolate beasts suddenly attacked him!

Wang Xian's expression changed drastically. His body moved and the Yin and yang around him revolved, blocking the attacks of the desolate beasts'tentacles!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

However, the intense collision caused the yin-yang diagram to turn cold!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In front of them, the desolate beasts at the peak of the god Lord Realm were staring at Wang Xian and invincible battle technique as they attacked again!

This time, there were a total of five to six desolate beasts attacking with their tentacles at the same time!

"Boss Wang, Save Me!"

When invincible saw the tentacles attacking him, he panicked and shouted in fear!

Wang Xian's expression changed drastically. Faced with such overwhelming attacks, there was no way for him to dodge!

"Boom!"

The Yin-yang Five Elements Bowl's defense was fully activated. Numerous laws were condensed!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

"Ah!"

Invincible was sent flying by the tentacles. The treasures on his body allowed him to keep his life!

Countless tentacles landed on Wang Xian's body, causing his body to fly to the right!

"Oh no!"

His face was a little pale. Blood oozed out from the corner of his mouth. His brain was spinning non-stop!

Suddenly, his gaze was fixed on the young immortal king in the middle. A glimmer of light flashed in his eyes!