Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2373: 2373 immortal King Pup 5

"Sou Sou Sou!"

Five to six peak God lords stared at Wang Xian and attacked again. The powerful law energy was contained in the tentacles, causing Wang Xian's expression to change slightly!

"Boss Wang, Save Me!"

From the side, invincible battle technique let out a series of screams!

In front of these desolate beasts, he was just a rubber ball that was being beaten. If it wasn't for the protection of the treasure, he would have been finished long ago!

Boom

Wang Xian saw the desolate beasts that were attacking him again. The dragon might on his body trembled and directly covered the young immortal King!

"Ruler!"

His body trembled and he let out a low roar!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

At this moment, tentacles landed on his body one after another, causing Wang Xian's expression to change drastically. He felt as though his internal organs were about to collapse!

"Make Them Stop!"

Wang Xian hurriedly gave the order to the Young Immortal King!

"Roar Roar!"

The Young Immortal King looked at Wang Xian with respect and let out a roar!

"Roar Roar!"

The rest of the desolate beasts roared in confusion. A few of the attacking desolate beasts responded one after another!

They looked at the Young Immortal King in confusion!

"AO AO!"

At this moment, the young immortal king flew directly towards Wang Xian!

"Roar Roar!"

Around them, the desolate beasts hurriedly tried to stop it with their tentacles!

"AO AO!"

The Young Immortal King roared at them once again. The tentacles shook slightly and did not dare to stop it!

"Get them out of the way!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, his eyes revealed a burning glow. He immediately ordered the Young Immortal King!

"AO AO!"

The Young Immortal King roared at them a few times. The group of desolate beasts reluctantly stepped aside, but they were still swaying around it!

"Get them to retreat!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he frowned slightly and continued to give orders!

"Ao ao ao ao!"

The Young Immortal King revealed a ferocious expression as he roared at the group of desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar!"

The group of desolate beasts was obviously in an uproar as they retreated slightly!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian waved his arm. Without any hesitation, he brought his invincible battle technique and fled to the back!

At the same time, he ordered the young immortal king to follow behind him!

"Roar Roar!"

The Young Immortal King roared and followed behind Wang Xian hurriedly!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The group of desolate beasts were obviously panicking. They quickly chased after him and let out roars!

Buzz

Wang Xian flew forward and soon sensed that he had flown out of that space!

He waved his arm and used his energy to control the young immortal king. Then, he turned around and fled in the direction of his return!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Behind him, more than a dozen peak-stage god-level desolate beasts were chasing after him crazily!

"Run!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes and led the Young Immortal King and his invincible battle techniques to escape crazily!

Speaking of which, ever since Wang Xian came to this bright land, he had escaped more times than all the others combined!

He was still very confident in his speed!

"Boss Wang, you managed to escape from here. Hahaha, you are too amazing!"

Invincible's battle technique had been beaten up by the desolate beasts just now. He was feeling dizzy and disoriented. When he regained his senses, he was taken away by Wang Xian!

He shouted after surviving the calamity!

"We are not out of danger yet!"

Wang Xian said and flew away!

"No wonder the people from the star Beast Tower didn't follow us. It's because they know that this is the territory of the immortal King Desolate Beast!"

"The people from the star Beast building must be lying in wait outside. We Can't go back the way we came. We have to deviate from the path!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He looked to the side and deviated from the path!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the back, more than a dozen peak-stage god-level desolate beasts let out a terrifying roar!

The roar spread over 10,000 kilometers!

"This is? The roar of a peak-stage god-level desolate beast. There's more than one of them. Something is happening inside!"

At this moment, the star Beast Hall members who did not dare to enter the undying god King Domain heard the sound coming from inside, their expressions changed!

"Those two fellows must have provoked a powerful desolate beast, were they being chased or fought?"

Fourth Senior Brother looked inside!

"The roar is getting closer and closer to us!"

Suddenly, they realized that the roar of a pinnacle god Lord desolate beast was getting closer and closer, they looked at each other, getting ready!

"That direction!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Those two guys are coming out. Chase them!"

At this moment, they realized that a figure with a powerful aura was fleeing a hundred kilometers away!

Seeing the blurry figure in the distance, the star Beast Hall members immediately recognized it!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"There are more than ten peak god Lord desolate beasts chasing behind him!"

At this moment, they saw more than ten peak god Lord desolate beasts chasing after the two thieves!

While the star Beast Hall members were slightly shocked, they immediately came to the golden ni-lions and joined in the chase!

"TSK TSK tsk, boss Wang is awesome. Behind him, there are more than ten peak god Lord desolate beasts and nearly ten peak god Lord Experts!"

With his invincible battle techniques, he had escaped from danger. The situation where he panicked like a dog earlier was completely gone!

He looked at the group of people chasing behind him and said with a smile on his face!

Wang Xian ignored him and flew at a terrifying speed!

"Huala!"

An hour later, Wang Xian flew out of the ocean and headed straight for the mountain range in front of him!

"Roar, Roar, Roar!"

More than ten desolate beasts stopped and let out angry and unwilling roars. They did not continue their pursuit!

All of a sudden, they looked behind them and looked at the people from the star Beast Tower!

"Roar! Roar!"

The leading desolate beast let out a wild roar and attacked them directly!

"Damn it!"

Seeing more than ten desolate beasts suddenly attacking them, the expressions of the people from the star Beast Tower changed drastically!

"Don't tangle with them. Get Rid of these beasts!"

The first senior brother of the star Beast Tower shouted with an embarrassed expression!

"Bastard!"

The rest of the experts from the star beast tower had extremely gloomy expressions. With these damn beasts attacking them, it would be even more difficult to catch those two thieves!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Wang Xian entered the mountain range and directly shuttled through the mountain range. His speed was no slower than the speed in the sky!

After flying for more than an hour, he could not sense the figure behind him at all. A smile appeared on his face!

Crash

Wang Xian landed on the ground!

"I've finally gotten rid of this bunch of followers!"

Invincible battle technique heaved a sigh of relief. "How exciting! I've escaped from the Immortal King Realm!"

Roar! Roar

At this moment, a low roar came from the side. He immediately looked over curiously. When he saw Wang Xian sizing up the desolate beast in front of him, he sighed helplessly!

"Sigh, boss Wang, it has been two days since we arrived at the star Beast Planet. Other than a level 9 battle pet, this trashy level 1 eternal lord battle pet is the only one!"

He patted the head of this battle pet with a sense of despair!

"This one is enough!"

Wang Xian looked at him with a smile and stared at the desolate beast in front of him with some excitement!

The current level 1 eternal lord was not wrong, but this was the young immortal god King!