Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2374: 2374’s excited invincible battle technique

"Boss Wang, you have fallen. A level one battle pet of the Eternal God Lord is enough. Isn't this desolate beast pretty cool? Could it be a cub, a cub at the peak of the Eternal God Lord?"

"Even if it's a cub, it still needs to be nurtured. It's too troublesome!"

Invincible battle technique looked at Wang Xian as he stared at the battle pet in front of him with burning eyes. As he spoke, he took out a divine fruit from his interspatial ring and ate it!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him and smiled. "It's a cub that's not bad, but it's not the cub of a peak-stage eternal God Lord Desolate Beast!"

"It's the immortal god King Cub!"

"What?"

When invincible heard the last sentence, he suddenly widened his eyes and stared at Wang Xian in shock!

"Where do you think this desolate beast came from?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked in a teasing tone!

"Gulp!"

"Bang Bang!"

Invincible battle technique widened his eyes and could not help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. Even the divine fruit in his hand fell to the ground!

He quickly looked at the Water Wu desolate beast beside him. His body trembled as he stretched out his arm and touched it!

"Boss Wang, Don't lie to me... This is really the young immortal god King, this... this..."

He touched the Water Wu desolate beast cub excitedly, swallowing his saliva as he said!

"It's true, Water Wu Undying Emperor Cub, Undying Emperor Level 3 Cub!"

Wang Xian nodded his head affirmatively!

"We're rich, boss Wang, we're totally rich!"

"That's not right, we're going to rise up, Undying Emperor Level 3 battle pet, do you know that crocodile god King's battle pet is only undying Emperor Level 1!"

"With this battle pet in the future, we are going to rise up completely. Boss Wang, you have to protect me in the future!"

Invincible battle technique looked at Wang Xian with excitement!

He was just short of hugging Wang Xian's thigh!

His ancestor was only at level 1 immortal king. Now that this desolate beast was able to advance to level 3 immortal king, it was heaven-defying!

Once he grew up together with the battle pet, he would be the immortal king in the future!

Wang Xian looked at him and smiled!

It was impossible for invincible in battle techniques to say that!

A young immortal king was completely worthless in Wang Xian's eyes!

There were more than 100,000 members in the Dragon Palace. The upper limit of any one of them was not something that this young immortal king could compare to!

Furthermore, wasting resources to nurture this war pet was enough for him and the members of the Dragon Palace to surpass Immortal King Level 3!

"If I sell it, the resources sold will definitely be enough for me to advance to the Immortal King Realm!"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

It was impossible to raise it, so he could only sell it!

However, when he saw invincible battle technique staring at the young immortal king with burning eyes, he frowned slightly!

"Last time in the underground sea, this time on star Beast Planet, if I didn't have invincible battle technique, I might have been killed. Although I won't die, I definitely won't get this Young Immortal King and I won't kill the people of Star Beast Tower to vent my anger!"

"Why don't I give this young god King to him?"

Wang Xian was a little hesitant!

The value of this young god King was very high. If he sold it, he would be able to advance to the immortal god King Realm very quickly!

However, if he gave it to invincible battle techniques, he would have to delay his advancement for a period of time!

"Forget it, I'll give it to him!"

Wang Xian was a person who knew how to be grateful!

Invincible could attack consecutively. The first time, he used up the law fragments, and the second time, he even used up the true cannon. Every single one of them was worth a lot!

To be able to take out all these items, he was just an immortal godly King Battle Pet!

He wouldn't even take care of them if they were given to him. He could only sell them!

Even though he could obtain a huge amount of resources if he sold them! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

However, it would only delay his advancement for a few days in the future. In any case, the speed of his advancement was already fast enough!

"Do you want it? If you want it, I'll give it to you!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to invincible battle technique!

"What? Boss Wang, you must be joking. This is a level 3 immortal king cub, a god King Cub!"

Invincible battle technique was slightly stunned when he heard his words. Then, he said with an embarrassed expression!

"You really don't want it? If you don't want it, I'll sell it!"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked again!

Gulp

"Boss Wang, are you serious?"

Invincible asked excitedly when he saw Wang Xian's serious look!

"What else?"

Wang Xian looked at him with a smile!

"Wow, Boss, you are my boss for life. You are so good to me. If I Were a woman, I would definitely marry you!"

"Boss, I am so touched. It is my fortune for eight lifetimes to be able to befriend a boss like you!"

"Boss, I will definitely introduce the beauties in my support group to you. No, I will introduce my sister to you!"

At this moment, invincible fighter hugged Wang Xian's thigh with an excited expression and shouted loudly!

"Get over here. Come here. I want to help you tame it!"

Wang Xian kicked him away and said to him!

"Good, good, good!"

Invincible battle technique got up excitedly and nodded his head non-stop. His eyes were staring at the water element dire beast with burning passion!

Buzz

Since Wang Xian had decided to ask this young king of God to give it to him, he didn't feel any reluctance to help him tame it immediately!

"It's really the young king of God. I can feel the high and mighty aura from its body. Hahaha, invincible battle technique actually has a young king of God Battle Pet!"

"In the future, my invincible battle technique will truly be invincible. I will truly stand tall in the entire..."

"Alright, stop competing!"

Wang Xian interrupted invincible battle technique's thoughts that were about to jump up and down as he said to him!

"Hehe, boss Wang, Old Wang, an immortal godly king battle pet. Look at how crocodile god King managed to obtain a Level 1 immortal godly king cub. Now that he's doing so well, when I take off, even the Heavenly Dharma sect's overlord sect will worship at my feet!"

Invincible battle technique grinned!

"Alright, we can't stay on Star Beast Planet anymore. Not to mention that star beast tower is still chasing after us, if that immortal god King desolate beast sees that its cub is gone, it might come and attack us!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

We really can't stay here anymore!

"Alright, Alright, boss Wang, let's go back immediately. Shall we go back through the Eternal Kingdom?"

At this moment, invincible battle technique had no objections. He hugged the two-meter-long immortal king battle pet and said with a smile!

"Fly back. My Eternal Kingdom is too far away from the Tian Ze continent!"

Wang Xian shook his head. His eternal kingdom was in the boundless star field. It would take him more than half a month to go back and forth!

"Good, good. Boss Wang, in order to avoid that God king crocodile from scheming against us outside, I'll get the forefather to come and pick us up!"

With that said, invincible battle technique immediately took out his communication stone plate!

On star Beast Planet, there was no signal from the AI!

"Hey, Old Man!"

Soon, the picture of the communication stone plate appeared. Invincible battle technique looked at the fat patriarch opposite him as he raised his head slightly and shouted!

"You Little Bastard, have you grown wings? How can you talk to me like that?"

The Fat Elder in the picture was clearly slightly taken aback as he roared angrily!