Chapter 2375: 2375 undyings welcomed him

Within star source planet, battle mo hen stared wide eyed with his beard blowing angrily at his invincible battle technique!

This punk, he had grown wings, he actually dared to call him old man!

"Hehe, you punk really needs to be taught a lesson. If I didn't see that your punk has a powerful bloodline, I wouldn't accept such a bratty punk!"

"But it doesn't matter. After that Brat becomes my disciple, I'll help you discipline him!"

At the side, an incomparably tall and sturdy old man sat by the side. When he saw this scene, he chuckled and said!

"Huff Huff!"

Battle technique mo hen angrily exhaled twice. In the past, this brat was quite jumpy, but he wasn't as arrogant as this time!

He actually dared to call me old man?

How preposterous! When he returned, he would teach him a good lesson!

"Hehe, Hehe!"

At that moment, Star Beast Planet's battle technique invincible saw the patriarch's furious expression. He was completely calm and steady!

"Old Man, come, come. I want to show you something!"

Battle technique invincible raised his head as he continued speaking. He aimed the scene at the water vapor desolate beast cub!

"You still dare to scream? Let's see if you, punk, want to die. Do you believe that I will roast you and your battle pet! ?"

When invincible battle technique saw the punk's tone, he roared angrily!

"TSK TSK, I see that you can't bear to roast me and my battle pet. Come, come, continue to open your eyes and see!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Invincible battle technique continued speaking proudly!

"You Rascal, you will die of anger..."

"Boom!"

Invincible battle technique mo hen roared angrily. However, suddenly, a mighty aura surged from the burly elder's body as he came to his side!

"Oh? Brother Murong, what are you doing?"

Invincible battle technique mo hen was slightly taken aback as he looked at him in astonishment!

"Huhu, water vapor desolate beast divine king cub. This is a water vapor desolate beast cub?"

The burly elder's breathing quickened as he shouted at invincible battle technique!

"HM, who are you? You have much better foresight than my ancestor!"

"That's right, ancestor, take a look, this is the Undying God King Cub, undying god King Level 3 water mist desolate beast cub, Hahaha!"

Invincible battle technique said proudly to mo hen battle technique!

"What?"

He was shocked, his eyes wide, filled with disbelief!

An undying Emperor Level 3 cub, this...

His strength was only undying Emperor Level 1, as long as he had the resources in the future, this battle pet would definitely become an eternal god Lord Level 3 battle pet!

What kind of existence was this?

"Forefather, where are you right now, hurry over to the temporary continent to pick us up, we are still being chased by those bastards from Star Beast Tower!"

"When you reach the temporary continent, let us know!"

Invincible said directly!

"Good Kid, good kid, I am on Star origin planet, you can come over immediately!"

Invincible's face was filled with excitement!

The significance of an undying god King Level 3 battle pet was too huge!

"Alright Forefather, we will go over now, let's not talk anymore!"

Invincible immediately nodded!

"Alright, Alright, I, Murong Kui, will definitely take in this precious disciple!"

At this time, the tall and sturdy old man beside also roared excitedly!

Star source planet was very powerful, but the strongest was only undying level 3!

His strength was only so much!

Star Beast Planet had two undying Emperor Cubs, they were both undying level 1, however this water Wu desolate beast was an undying level 3!

Its value was naturally indescribable!

"Boss Wang, my ancestor is on star source planet. He should be here to welcome us when we arrive at the temporary continent!"

Invincible battle technique turned off the communication stone plate and said to Wang Xian!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and brought invincible battle technique along as they flew towards the temporary continent!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

"Over there! They're over there! They want to go back!"

At this moment, a series of angry roars could be heard from the back. As Wang Xian and the rest had stayed here for a period of time, the people from the star Beast Tower had already caught up to them!

"These bunch of followers!"

Invincible battle technique looked over and curled his lips as he spoke!

He wasn't worried at all!

Wang Xian took a glance and ignored them. With their speed, they wouldn't be able to catch up to him!

Moreover, when they arrived at the temporary continent, the invincible battlemage patriarch was there to welcome them. There wouldn't be any danger!

"Those guys want to leave the star Beast Planet. Our Croc God King is on the temporary continent. Hahaha, if there's really a path to heaven, why don't you take it? If there's no path to hell, he will barge in!"

When the people from the star Beast Building saw Wang Xian and the rest flying in the direction of the temporary continent, they were extremely excited!

"Let's not push him too hard. When he gets to master, master will be able to crush them easily!"

Third senior brother roared with a ferocious expression!

After chasing him for so long, they felt as though they were being played!

Now that he was courting death, his eyes were filled with cold excitement!

"A bunch of trash. You still want to catch up to us? Dream On!"

At this moment, a mocking voice came from the front!

"I hope you guys can continue to be proud of yourselves later!"

The people from the Astral Beast Tower sneered in their hearts as they stared at them coldly!

Wang Xian was flying at a terrifying speed. He even performed a teleportation midway!

It was safer in the starry sky. He didn't encounter any danger while teleporting!

"We're Here!"

In just half an hour, the temporary continent appeared in their line of sight!

Wang Xian smiled!

"Master, it was those two bastards in front who killed our astral beast building's disciple. Master, kill him!"

"Lord crocodile god King, kill those two!"

And at that moment, angry roars came from the rear!

The roars resounded within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers. Everyone on the temporary continent could hear them clearly!

"What's the situation?"

"What happened? The people pursued by the star Beast Hall actually escaped here?"

On the temporary continent, everyone looked over in astonishment when they heard the voices!

Some people immediately looked at the figure riding a mount in the sky!

Croc god King had been waiting there the entire time!

"Oh? He actually dared to escape. Heh Heh, he's courting death!"

Croc god King had already received the Disciple's message in advance. He looked at the two figures in front of him with eyes filled with coldness and disdain, as though he was looking at two ants!

"You dare to kill my star Beast Tower's disciples? No matter who you are, you must die!"

Crocodile god King's face was filled with dignity as he said coldly. A terrifying imprisonment enveloped them!

It was as though his words followed the law!

"Hahaha, you two darn things. You killed our star Beast Tower's people. Run? Where are you running to? Die!"

Behind them, the star Beast Tower's experts saw this scene. Their faces were filled with excitement and savagery, their eyes burning with incomparable fervor!

They could finally kill those two damnable fellows!

"Hahaha, crocodile god King, my descendant isn't someone you can kill!"

"Hehe, my sect master's disciple isn't someone you can kill either!"

Then, at this moment, two vast voices suddenly sounded!