Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2376: Planet 2376 was boiling

Two majestic voices rang out, causing the energy that was about to imprison Wang Xian and the rest to collapse instantly!

"What?"

When Croc God King heard these two voices, his expression changed slightly!

He immediately turned his head and looked towards the sky above him!

When he saw the burly old man, his pupils contracted slightly!

He actually did not sense when the other party had arrived above him!

"He... why is he here! ?"

Croc god King's expression changed slightly!

"That voice is our sect master!"

"It's the Overlord Sect's sect master. Hiss, his disciple? One of those two is the Overlord sect's sect master's disciple? How is that possible! ?"

"Our sect master's disciple? Our sect master hasn't taken in a disciple for hundreds of thousands of years. This..."

On the temporary continent, everyone looked at this scene in shock!

"Hahaha, forefather, I'm here. I don't want to die blocking the people from Star Beast Tower!"

"And that tall and sturdy grandfather, is he the master you found for me? Hahaha not bad, not bad, not bad at all!"

At this time, the sky above the temporary continent resounded with an invincible and arrogant voice!

With a thought, the water Wu undying god King desolate beast cub appeared in front of him. He sat on it and raised his head!

"This fellow is a little arrogant. He's still so arrogant in front of our sect leader!"

Some of the overlords and disciples frowned when they heard his words!

"Hu hu!"

However, at the next moment, everyone saw two figures in the sky flying forward to welcome the two youths!

"Water Wu undying godly monarch desolate beast cub, Hahaha, good kid, good kid!"

Battle technique mo hen stared at the Mount under battle technique invincible, his arm heavily patting his head as he said excitedly!

Battle Technique Invincible's face was black as he lowered his head, looking completely like a grandson!

He gritted his teeth, the ancestor was taking revenge for him calling him an old man not long ago!

"Not bad, not bad, in the past, I had already decided to take you in as a disciple, I never expected you to give me a surprise!"

Beside him, the burly elder said happily!

He was the Overlord sect leader, and one of the two strongest pinnacle warriors on the entire star Source Planet!

However, their strength was only at the Undying God King Level 3!

For a water Wu desolate beast cub to grow to his level, this was a huge matter for the entire overlord sect!

At the very least, it could still allow the Overlord sect to rule for millions of years!

"Let's go back to the Overlord sect first!"

The burly elder looked at Wang Xian who was beside him. With a wave of his arm, he enveloped them!

Invincible battle technique opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but he disappeared in an instant!

He was still thinking of provoking the star Beast Tower!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

When Wang Xian and the rest left, the experts from the star Beast Tower flew over. When they saw the scene in front of them, their expressions changed drastically!

They initially thought that the other party was courting death by flying over here. However, they never expected the Overlord Sect's sect master to come over personally!

Furthermore, one of the young men was actually his disciple!

The Overlord Sect's sect master's disciple!

This...

Their expressions were extremely ugly as they stood there with clenched fists!

Now, they had some guesses that this immortal godly king battle pet should have been obtained when they were chasing after him!

They didn't kill the other party, instead they got the undying warpet!

At that time, their expressions were as though they had eaten shit!

"Master!"

Big Senior and the rest looked at their master, lowering their heads and shouting!

"Water Wu undying infant, undying level 3 infant!"

At this time, crocodile emperor's expression kept changing, he muttered, his eyes gleaming!

Slowly, his expression turned darker. He clenched his fists slightly and waved his arm, leading the group of disciples away!

The Overlord Sect's sect master had arrived. What else could he do?

With the other party's strength, if he dared to make a move, the Overlord sect would dare to suppress him!

Even if he could escape, his star Beast Tower would be finished!

Furthermore, to make a move in front of the Overlord Sect's sect master? The huge difference made him not even have the chance to attack!

"This, this, this..."

On the temporary continent, everyone was shocked at the scene!

An undying Emperor Cub?

The sect leader wanted to take in disciples?

Everything was too shocking!

Weng

"Hehe, an undying level 3 cub, I didn't expect my battle techniques clan to actually get an undying emperor cub, that's enough, that's enough!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the Godly Palace of Star Origin Planet Overlord sect, battle technique mo hen said with a smile on his face!

Overlord sect leader also raised his eyebrows. The more he looked at battle technique invincible, the more he liked it!

"Hehe, forefather, this battle pet was given to me by Boss Wang!"

Battle technique invincible said to his forefather!

"HM?"

Upon hearing battle technique invincible's words, battle technique mo hen and Overlord sect leader paused for a moment and looked at Wang Xian!

"Greetings, seniors!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands and said with a smile!

"This, little brother, are you sure you want to give this immortal King Battle Pet to my kid?"

Mo Hen suddenly asked nervously. This was an immortal King Battle Pet!

And it was a level 3 one!

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head!

"Forefather, I have a life-and-death relationship with boss Wang!"

Invincible battle technique put his arm around Wang Xian's shoulder and said with a smile!

"The value of the young immortal god King is immeasurable. Since little brother has given it to invincible, if you have any needs in the future, you can tell my battle technique clan directly!"

Invincible battle technique mo hen immediately promised!

"If not for invincible battle technique this time, I might have fallen at the hands of the star Beast Hall. This time, it's all thanks to him. He's just a battle pet!"

Wang Xian didn't really care about this. He smiled and shook his head

"Little brother, you are really loyal. Even I admire you!"

The Overlord sect leader looked at Wang Xian in astonishment and said sincerely!

To be able to give away an immortal godly king battle pet to someone else, even he couldn't do it!

"Hehe!"

Invincible battle technique burst into laughter!

After that, Wang Xian had a simple conversation with them!

A few hours later, Wang Xian was ready to return to the Tian Ze continent!

Invincible battle technique didn't return. He was left on the star origin planet by the Overlord sect leader. Invincible battle technique mo hen brought Wang Xian back through the planet teleportation formation!

Not long after Wang Xian and the rest left, a huge incident happened on the star Origin Planet and the star Beast Planet!

All the disciples on Star Beast Planet were summoned!

This shocked everyone. However, when they learned that someone had obtained an Immortal King Pup in Star Beast Planet, they were all in an uproar!

Someone had obtained an immortal King Pup. In order to prevent the adult water vapor god King desolate beast from rebelling, they were summoned back!

After more than ten years, another lucky person had obtained an immortal King Pup!

Especially when everyone knew that it was obtained from killing two people from star Beast Tower, it caused a huge commotion!