Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2377: 2,377 Tian Ze continent calamity

Because of the star Beast Tower's pursuit, the other party had gained an undying Emperor Cub!

One of the youths was taken in as a direct disciple by the Overlord sect leader!

Each and every incident was extremely shocking to the entire star origin planet!

And this time, the most tragic one was the star Beast Tower!

The star Beast Tower Warriors wanted to kill the other party, in the end all the warriors and disciples were killed, and the other party gained an undying Emperor Cub!

Most importantly, a youth was now taken in as a disciple by the Overlord sect leader. With the Overlord Sect's godly king not appearing, this person was the boss!

Furthermore, with the godly king cub, they even had the chance to take over the Overlord sect!

This made star Beast Tower feel awkward!

Star Beast Tower was already living in the gap between the Heavenly Dharma Gate and the Overlord sect. As they could tame desolate beasts, they were on good terms with the two sects!

However, other than this situation, the relationship between the Overlord sect and star Beast Tower was uncertain in the future!

Compared to the Overlord sect, the star Beast Tower was vastly different!

Just as the star origin planet was boiling with excitement, mo hen sent Wang Xian to the Xuan Heaven Domain and left politely!

Wang Xian looked at his disappearing figure and smiled!

"Although I haven't been away for long, I have gained quite a lot, even if I don't count that war pet!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew towards the front line of Blackwater!

This time, not only did his level increase by one level, he had also obtained four corpses at the peak of the eternal lord level. There were more than 600 corpses at the eternal lord level and more than a dozen at the level of the ninth level of the eternal lord level!

Among them, he had also obtained the corpses of 16 experts from the city in the sky!

In addition, he had also obtained more than 500 corpses at the Godly State!

With the various treasures in the interspatial ring, they had gained a lot!

However, there was still a long way to go before he could increase his strength!

"The gains this time will allow the members of the Dragon Palace to gain a significant increase in strength. At least a few hundred more eternal overlord members will be added!"

As Wang Xian calculated in his heart, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

This time, he decided to take out these resources and create two subordinates with peak-stage overlord-level combat strength!

With two masters at the peak of the Master God Realm in charge, the Dragon Palace would be able to improve even faster!

When he arrived at the front line of the Blackwater, Wang Xian heard a roar coming from the front line. His body moved and he looked towards the battle line!

At the front line, there was a battle between humans and sea monsters!

"Commander Xuan!"

Wang Xian flew over and greeted the two of them!

"Eh? General Wang, why are you back so soon?"

The two of them were astonished when they saw Wang Xian!

"Yes, something happened!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked ahead!

On the battlefield ahead, more than 500 experts from the Dragon Palace were slaughtering the sea monsters wantonly!

Around them, the experts from the three legions were also fighting!

On the battlefield, there were people dying from time to time, and some were eaten by the sea monsters!

In the distance, there were countless sea monsters. They were much more terrifying than the ones that Wang Xian had seen previously!

Previously, he only needed the experts from the Dragon Palace to take action. Basically, he didn't need other eternal masters!

However, now, the experts from several legions were taking action!

"The sea monsters'attack this time is quite fierce!"

Wang Xian frowned and said!

"It's been like this for the past few times. I'm afraid that something has changed in the Underground Sea!"

Guardian Xuan frowned and his face was filled with worry!

"Huh? What's going on?"

Wang Xian looked at him with a puzzled expression!

"According to the old ancestor, a few immortal King Sea Monsters in the Underground Sea are getting restless. Recently, the attacks of the sea monsters in various places have become two to three times fiercer than before!"

"Beneath the city in the sky, a large number of sea monsters have gathered. There might be a catastrophe. At that time, even the godly kings would have to make a move!"

Commander Xuan said slowly!

"A catastrophe?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked, "Is such a situation common?"

"It rarely happens. It has happened twice in history. The first time, the Tianze continent was still dominated by technology. The human race was almost wiped out in that catastrophe. The natural selection continent used all their resources to invite a powerhouse to suppress it!"

"The second time, there was chaos. An ancestor of the war tactics aristocrat clan died. Once upon a time, the war tactics aristocrat clan gave birth to two godly kings!"

Commander Xuan took a deep breath. His long face was filled with worry!

Every time the sea monsters invaded the entire Tianze continent, the humans of the Tianze continent would suffer heavy losses. This time, many people would die too!

Wang Xian was silent as he looked at the battlefield in front of him!

"If all the wars really break out, it will be an opportunity for the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

The war lasted for more than ten hours!

Even the members of the Dragon Palace were severely injured. There was even a member of the Dragon Palace who was killed by a sneak attack!

"It's all thanks to your men, general Wang. If it weren't for them, we would have suffered great losses!"

Chief Xuan thanked Wang Xian!

"I asked my men to stay here for the sake of training and for the corpses of the Sea Monsters!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui and the rest flew over and greeted him respectfully!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and led everyone to the back of the camp!

"How have you been these few days?"

Wang Xian asked immediately!

"Dragon King, we have gained a lot in the past few days. Now, the number of Eternal Masters in the Dragon Palace has reached more than 1,300. After today's battle, we can increase the number of masters by 200!"

"However, over the past few days, more than a dozen of the Dragon Palace lost their lives on the battlefield. Now, they are resurrecting!"

Prime Minister Gui said!

"That's right!"

Wang Xian looked satisfied! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Now, there is a batch of resources in the Dragon Palace that can help ao Xingmu and Ao Yao raise their combat strength to the peak of the Divine Lord Stage!"

"As for the rest, increase the combat strength of some eternal divine lord stage seven, eight, and nine. Don't increase it too much, but you must have strong people to support it!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head heavily!

"In addition, organize a group of combat strength at the peak of the godly state. There might be a big battle coming up!"

Wang Xian continued to speak!

Regardless of whether there was a catastrophe in the Tianze continent, Wang Xian had to be prepared!

If there was a catastrophe, he had to deal with it together with the Tianze continent and increase his strength rapidly during the war!

If the catastrophe did not happen, he would have to be prepared to fight against the city in the sky!

This time, the purpose of improving Ao Yao's combat strength was to prepare for the fight against the city in the sky!

The other party had dealt with him time and time again. He really thought that he was easy to bully!

This time, Wang Xian was prepared to have a good fight with them. He would use the fresh blood of the city in the sky to give himself the combat strength of an immortal godly King!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head and replied!

"It won't be long before the Dragon Palace takes control of the Tianze continent and the sea!"

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes revealed his determination!