Chapter 2378: Under the catastrophe of the 2,378 Tianze continent

Time passed day by day. In the Dragon Palace, each and every member was improving their strength rapidly! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Dragon King, all the resources in the Dragon Palace have been exhausted. Ao Xingmu Ao Yao has successfully obtained the peak combat strength of the Eternal Divine Lord!"

"Now, there are 1,500 eternal divine lords in the Dragon Palace and another 3,000 troops with peak combat strength of the Divine Realm!"

Five days later, Prime Minister Gui walked out from a corner of the Dragon Palace that Wang Xian had revealed and reported respectfully!

"1,500 masters of the godly state and 3,000 at the peak of the godly state. Not Bad!"

Wang Xian revealed a satisfied expression on his face!

This force was equivalent to one-third of the power of the Blackwater frontline. Even for the entire Xuan Heaven Domain, it was equivalent to one-tenth!

One-tenth was not weak at all!

One had to know that the Xuan Heaven Domain was already very powerful when all the citizens were in the army!

Furthermore, he was already satisfied with the improvement of the Dragon Palace in such a short period of time!

"Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo!"

At this moment, an urgent sound rang out, causing Wang Xian to reveal a hint of doubt!

It was slightly different from the usual urgent sound of the sea monsters attacking. This sound was even longer!

Wang Xian moved his body and immediately flew towards the front of the battle!

"Huh?"

When he arrived there, he realized that the front of the city wall was densely packed with people!

There were about ten million of them. Wang Xian revealed a look of surprise and immediately flew forward!

On the battlefield, there were soldiers fighting each other. There were also countless soldiers gathered here. Clearly, something big had happened!

"The catastrophe of our Tianze continent is about to arrive. Billions of sea monsters have gathered in the city in the sky and the federal region!"

"The sea monsters want to take over the land. Although that place is far away from us, there are still eggs in the nest. Once that place is taken over, it will be our turn soon!"

"Now, we humans of the Tianze continent must unite. Today, we will bring the soldiers of the Xuan Heaven Domain to the battlefield. This war is the war of the entire Tianze continent!"

Just as Wang Xian flew over, Commander Xuan's voice came from the front!

"The catastrophe is about to erupt? So Soon?"

Wang Xian was astonished. A few days ago, they had said something. He didn't expect it to erupt so quickly!

The city in the sky, the Federation region, and a part of the sword domain were considered to be the frontline for the Tianze continent!

The front line of the black water here could only be said to be a huge direct current in the underground sea!

The ones who were facing the ocean were the city in the sky and the Federation region!

The two previous catastrophes had started from there!

The catastrophe was a disaster for the entire heaven's selection continent. No one could avoid it!

The Xuan Heaven Domain couldn't avoid it either. Once the front line was attacked and destroyed, the Xuan Heaven Domain would be destroyed soon!

"Guardian Xuan, has the catastrophe already erupted?"

Wang Xian walked to guardian Xuan's side and asked him!

"Yes. According to the news from the city in the sky and the Federation, four to five Immortal King Sea Monsters have appeared there. The number of sea monsters gathered there has reached hundreds of billions, or even more!"

"According to the two records in history, the catastrophe is about to erupt. We, the Xuan Heaven Realm, must send our experts over. Everyone from the Blackwater front line must be mobilized!"

Guardian Xuan looked at Wang Xian with a face full of worry!

Too many people died in every catastrophe. When the second catastrophe broke out, the Tianze continent even sent out an order to forcefully enlist the troops!

All the eternal Lord Level 5 and above went to the battlefield to fight. In that battle, billions of people were killed and injured!

Even an immortal king was killed!

"I'll bring my subordinates over too!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he said immediately!

"Huh? General Wang, there's no need for that!"

Guardian Xuan was stunned for a moment before he said immediately!

"If we can't gain experience, how can we improve quickly? Our Dragon Palace Army will follow in the name of the Xuan Heaven Domain!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said!

"Alright, General Wang, get ready. We'll leave in two hours on the war aircraft carrier!"

Chief Xuan did not say anything else. In the face of this calamity, being able to gain a little more strength was a guarantee for the entire Tianze continent!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and swept his gaze across the more than ten million people in front of him!

This was only the first batch of people. If there was a crisis ahead, there would be at least a few hundred million more powerhouses who would enter the battlefield, or even more!

"However, this calamity is an opportunity for the Dragon Palace!"

He mumbled and immediately headed to the resting area of the Dragon Palace's army!

With the outbreak of the calamity and the attack of hundreds of millions of sea monsters, with Wang Xian's current level four eternal lord strength, any sea monsters below level four eternal Lord would be ruled!

At that time, an endless stream of aquatic creatures would be ruled and turned into the resources of the Dragon Palace. The members of the Dragon Palace would improve at a terrifying speed!

In the end, the Dragon Palace might even be able to produce tens of thousands of eternal God lords!

He might even step into the immortal King Realm!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, get ready. Follow me to the battlefield. The next battle will be huge!"

Wang Xian came to the resting place of the Dragon Palace and shouted softly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace flew over and formed an army in an orderly manner!

At the very front, there were 1,500 Eternal God lords and 3,000 peak divine realm warriors behind them!

"Let's Go!"

He flew into the sky and headed toward the city wall!

The members of the Dragon Palace were giving off powerful auras. As the elites of the Dragon Palace, they had been fighting since they were weak!

Their murderous aura and aura were even stronger than the army that guarded this place all year round!

"Eh? That's the Dragon Palace Army. Don't they only have 500 Eternal God Lords? What's This?"

"So powerful. The ones in front are all God lords. The cooperation between the experts of the Dragon Palace Army is terrifying!"

The soldiers of the black water front looked at them with surprise!

They knew the Dragon Palace army well. A powerful army was made up of more than 500 Eternal Masters!

They were all subordinates of general Wang, the new general. It was said that all of them were under general Wang!

They didn't expect that there were more than 1,500 eternal masters and 3,000 peak God Realm Masters!

There were only about 4,000 of them in the entire Blackwater frontlines!

Commander Xuan and the rest looked over and their eyes were filled with shock!

They looked at Wang Xian who was in front of them and their eyes were sparkling!

"General Wang, I didn't expect you to have so many powerful subordinates. Thank you for your help this time!"

Commander Xuan walked over and thanked Wang Xian!

"We are all on the same side. You Don't have to be so polite!"

Wang Xian smiled at the few generals!

"Haha, Good, good. This time, we will set out to show the might of our Xuan Heaven Domain and kill the Endless Sea Monsters!"

Commander Xuan laughed out loud and shouted with a face full of fighting spirit!