Chapter 2379: 2,379, the four great powers had gathered

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Let's Go!"

In the sky above the Blackwater frontlines, two incomparably huge monsters were floating in the sky!

Each of these huge monsters was several million kilometers in size. They were made of steel, and on top of them were incomparably powerful arrays!

All sorts of patterns were densely covered!

In the front, there were terrifying cannon barrels. The largest cannon barrel was at least 2,000 meters in size, and it was incomparably dark!

It was no exaggeration to say that such a powerful cannon barrel could destroy a sea monster at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm!

This was the aircraft carrier of the Tianze continent. Not only could it sail in the ocean, but it could also fly in the sky!

One by one, the soldiers flew onto the aircraft carrier and landed neatly on the deck!

The two gigantic aircraft carriers carried over ten million people!

Wang Xian led the members of the Dragon Palace and landed on a spot on the deck!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The aircraft carrier was activated. Standing on the deck, he could see that there were countless people gathered around the front line of the Blackwater!

Those were the families of the soldiers at the front line of the Blackwater. They knew about the operation this time!

With the arrival of the catastrophe, how many soldiers would survive this time? No one knew!

"I hope this catastrophe can end as soon as possible. Otherwise, I wonder how many more soldiers will die!"

Commander Xuan said with a slight sigh!

This time, even he didn't dare to be sure that he could survive!

Although he was a descendant of the mysterious heaven, the descendant of the mysterious heaven also bore more responsibilities!

Historically, 60% of the descendants of the mysterious heaven died on the battlefield!

Wang Xian stood at the side and crossed his arms indifferently!

"General Wang, the battlefield is very tragic. Be careful when the time comes!"

Commander Xuan looked at the young Wang Xian and reminded him!

"I have led my men to fight until today. I still want to destroy the sea monsters under the Tianze continent and unify the sea!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly. He wasn't too worried!

"HMM? Haha, Good, good. Since ancient times, heroes are born young!"

Commander Xuan and the few generals beside him were slightly stunned. Then, they burst into laughter!

No one in the Tianze continent dared to think of destroying the underground sea monsters and unifying the ocean!

Regardless of whether it was a joke or nonsense, this courage was not something that an ordinary person could compare to!

Around them, some soldiers from the front line of the Blackwater looked at Wang Xian with a hint of respect in their eyes!

"His strength seems to be much more terrifying than when I first saw him!"

At the back, Xuan Umbrella's eyes were flickering as she muttered to herself!

The speed of the aircraft carrier was very fast. It was even faster than the speed of an expert at the peak of the Master God Realm!

During the journey, she teleported five times. In just ten minutes, she reached the sky above a city!

On the left side of the sky, there was an incomparably majestic continent. It was the city in the sky!

The area of the city in the sky was extremely terrifying. It carried 50 to 60 billion people. There were a total of 18 cities!

The aircraft carrier arrived at the front of a coastal city. It was a coastal steel city with an extremely dense steel aura!

The city below was filled with buildings in all directions. It was filled with an incomparably heavy feeling!

There were not many people in the city. There were not many pedestrians on the streets. At this moment, they were all lined up with silver-white war chariots!

On the war chariots, the cannons were aimed at the ocean!

At the back, there was a huge silver-white sports car that was at least 10,000 meters tall. It looked extremely terrifying!

At the front, there was a huge steel wall. The entire steel wall could not be seen!

In fact, this steel wall was 30 million kilometers long and 10,000 meters tall!

Within the entire steel wall, there were huge cannon barrels inlaid. It was completely a war wall!

Magnificent, heavy, and terrifying!

This was the natural selection steel wall that humans had built here after the second catastrophe erupted. It was also known as the wall of protection!

In the sky, fighter jets flew past one after another!

"All soldiers, fly to the wall of protection!"

Commander Xuan immediately ordered everyone!

"Yes, Commander!"

All the soldiers nodded immediately!

"All generals, head to the command center!"

Commander Xuan looked at Wang Xian and the rest and said!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian and the rest nodded and followed behind as they flew towards the center of the wall of protection!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, the sound of shuttling could be heard from the sky!

Wang Xian turned his head around and saw at least 20 million people standing on sharp swords as they flew over in a mighty manner. Every single one of them exuded a strong killing intent!

Those were the people from the sword domain!

"Everyone should be here!"

Commander Xuan said faintly and landed directly in the center of the wall of protection!

"General!"

At the entrance of the metal-made command room, the two soldiers at the entrance immediately saluted and shouted loudly!

Commander Xuan and the other generals returned the salute and walked in!

Wang Xian followed them in!

This time, there were fifteen generals from the mysterious sky territory and Wang Xian!

"The generals from the mysterious sky territory are here!"

In the high-tech command room, there were already more than fifty people sitting at a round table!

Upon seeing their arrival, an old man standing in the middle immediately stood up and said with a smile!

The old man was the highest commander of the Federation and the leader of the royal family of the Federation!

"Commander!"

Commander Xuan smiled and nodded at the old man. His gaze swept across the group of people at the Round Table!

"Generals of Xuan Tian, please take a seat. The people from the sword domain will be here immediately!"

The old man smiled and nodded his head to signal for them to come over!

Wang Xian followed the generals and sat at the Round Table!

"HMM?"

When Wang Xian sat down, he noticed that many people were looking at him!

"Hello, general Wang!"

The generals from the battle techniques aristocratic clan greeted Wang Xian with a friendly expression!

They had already learned about the star Beast Planet. They also knew that the other party had given the invincible battle techniques an immortal king level three cub!

No matter what, if this person had any help from the battle technique family, they would definitely not reject it!

Even their ancestor would not reject it!

"Greetings, generals of the battle technique family!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded at them!

"I heard that general Wang is very strong. This time around, he killed five to six peak master God realm experts from the star Beast Tower!"

Suddenly, a dozen pairs of eyes from the side stared at him and asked calmly!

"The people from the star Beast Tower Want to kill me. Naturally, I want to kill them. If it were the people from the city in the sky, they would do the same!"

Wang Xian glanced at the dozen of them with a deeper meaning. The corners of his lips curled up slightly!

A hint of coldness flashed in the eyes of the dozen of them!

This time, none of the dozen or so experts from the star Beast Tower who had gone to the star Beast Planet returned!

After learning that Wang Xian had killed several experts at the peak of the Master God Realm from the star Beast Tower, they understood that city lord he and the rest had been killed by this fellow!

However, even if they knew, they could only pretend that they didn't know, especially when this calamity erupted!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates