Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2380: 2380 was guarding

"We are all here. What's the situation now?"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a group of people walked in from the door of the command room!

Each of them carried a sword on their back. They looked like sharp swords!

"Generals of the Sword Domain, please take a seat!"

The highest commander of the federation gestured for them to take a seat!

The people from the sword domain sat down. Everyone quieted down and their gazes landed on the old man in unison!

Weng

The old man waved his arm, and images appeared in the center of the Round Table!

In the images, countless sea monsters gathered together. There was no killing or roaring between them, and it was eerily quiet!

At a glance, there was no end in sight!

The images revolved, and the endless sea monsters lined up for tens of millions of kilometers!

"This..."

Within the Round Table, everyone's pupils shrank when they saw this scene!

Tian Ze continent's 2nd Calamity had happened 500,000 years ago, and none of the people here had been born yet!

Now seeing this terrifying scene, they were all shocked!

"The sea monsters have already gathered at the 10 million km area of the wall of protection, behind them are the undying god King Sea Monsters!"

"As for the numbers, we can't estimate. We only know that there are close to 10 billion demigod level cannon fodder in the front row!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The Highest Commander said solemnly!

"Our four God kings are floating above the underground sea, locking onto the undying god King Sea Monsters. We don't know the exact situation, but with the war breaking out, the god Kings can't support us!"

"We need to defend the wall now, also, everyone be prepared to get the soldiers behind us to support, the mysterious God King has already set up a large teleportation formation, at a certain level, the entire population will be soldiers!"

The highest commander said, slowly standing up, clenching his fists!

At that point, the human casualties would not only be in the billions, it could even be in the tens of billions!

This was a race war!

"Right now, the other party is going to attack at any time. We need to immediately allocate the defending area!"

"The entire area of the wall of protection is 3,000 kilometers. There are 75 generals present, which is 75 peak god Lord Experts!"

"The few array generals of the mysterious Sky Domain, your strength is among the top amongst us. Once you set up the array, you can even threaten a thread of undying god King. How about you spread out?"

The Supreme Commander looked at Commander Xuan and the others!

"Alright!"

Commander Xuan nodded. In the Battle of protection, the array masters of the mysterious sky territory were many times more useful than ordinary God lords!

"Since that's the case, I'll start assigning each general to guard the place!"

The supreme commander swept his gaze across everyone and waved his arm, causing an image to float in the middle!

The 3,000 kilometer wall of protection was divided into 70 regions, with 70 generals leading their legions to defend!

Five generals leading their soldiers were ready to support the 70 regions at any time!

Other than a few generals from the mysterious sky territory who were scattered, the rest of the positions were basically close to each other!

"The distribution is basically done. The specific distribution of the next four forces can be arranged by yourselves!"

"I would like to remind everyone that this is a disaster for our Tianze continent. We can not afford to lose it!"

"If the eternal lord sea monster refuses to flee, then we can only fight to the death!"

The Supreme Commander clenched his fists and said!

"Don't worry, commander. We understand all of this!"

Everyone nodded heavily.

If the eternal lord sea monster refused to flee after being heavily injured, then the humans could not flee either, until they died in battle!

"All generals, get ready. I will be standing here in the command room to conduct the command. Everyone, please listen to my orders!"

The old man placed his arms on the table and shouted softly!

"Yes!"

All the generals saluted and immediately walked out!

"There are four generals in the Xuan Heaven Domain who are about to be defeated. I will lead a group of soldiers and be ready to provide support at any time. The other nine positions are linked together. General Wang and the Dragon Palace Army will be on the left. General Xuan, you will be on guard..."

Commander Xuan instructed Wang Xian and the rest one by one!

"Commander Xuan, give us two places for the Dragon Palace Army!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before speaking!

"HMM? No, each army will guard a radius of 420,000 kilometers. The Dragon Palace has too few people. They will guard two areas that are more than 800,000 kilometers away. You guys won't be able to guard them!"

Commander Xuan shook his head immediately!

"It's not a big problem. I'm not the only one with the peak combat strength of a god Lord under me!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said with a smile!

"Is that so?"

Commander Xuan was slightly shocked. The rest of the generals were also filled with astonishment!

Initially, the Xuan Heaven Domain did not include Wang Xian's Dragon Palace Army!

Now that Wang Xian had to guard two places, it was undoubtedly a great relief for them!

Moreover, Wang Xian had more than 1,500 divine masters in his hands. The number of divine masters was one-third of their number. It was not a big problem for him to guard two places!

"Alright, inform me immediately if there's any danger!"

Commander Xuan nodded his head!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Lead the soldiers to guard the wall of protection immediately!"

Commander Xuan looked at the endless sea in front of him and shouted in a deep voice!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian and the rest immediately!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, Follow Me!"

He shouted at the members of the Dragon Palace who were guarding the wall!

A group of experts from the Dragon Palace immediately followed behind and flew toward the place where Wang Xian and the rest were guarding!

"General Wang is really not simple. He has so many divine lord experts under him, but they are in an orderly manner as if they are a whole. Moreover, they have already formed an army formation in their battle. This is rare!"

The few generals looked over and their eyes flickered!

After reaching the Divine Lord Realm, most of them fought on their own. Even if they worked closely together, they could not be compared to the army formation!

However, general Wang's subordinates were a whole and each had their own duties. It was obvious that they were well-trained!

"Guard this area of 80 kilometers. Ao Xingmu and I are in the center while the rest are behind us!"

Wang Xian stood where he needed to guard and immediately gave the order!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Everyone responded in a deep voice!

"Reporting to the general. The Weapons Controller of the Federation's Wall of protection, Ling Chenyan, is here to report!"

At this moment, a woman in a military uniform walked over and bowed respectfully!

"Introduce me to the weapons on the wall of protection!"

Wang Xian looked at the female officer and said to her!

"Yes!"

The female officer looked at the young general in surprise and immediately brought him to the interior of the wall of protection!

There were many powerful weapons embedded in the interior of the wall of protection!

"General, the strongest weapon is the water energy wave cannon. It can kill level nine sea monsters of the Eternal Lord. There are three of them in our area!"

"Apart from that, there are 180 weapons at the core to fight against the Master of the eternal God level. The intensive bombardment can defeat hundreds of master of the eternal God Level Sea Monsters!"

"There are 100,000 weapons to fight against all kinds of weapons at the master of the eternal God level. If all the ammunition is poured out, we can kill hundreds of millions of master of the eternal God Level Sea Monsters!"

The female officer brought Wang Xian in and introduced them one by one!