Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2381: The 2381 Apocalypse began

The Tianze continent used to be a technological planet. The weapons it possessed could kill a peak-stage eternal god Lord Expert!

Although there weren't many such strategic weapons, there were plenty of other weapons!

The Federation Royal Family currently focused on technology. Even if all their ammunition poured in, they could still wipe out billions or even tens of billions of sea monsters!

Naturally, there were high-tech weapons on the wall of protection!

This weapon was controlled by the general who was in charge of this area. All the ncos who were in charge of controlling the weapons had to listen to their orders!

Wang Xian listened to Ling Chenyan's introduction and nodded his head slightly!

Wang Xian didn't plan to use these technological weapons for the time being. However, if he was really under pressure, he wouldn't just leave them there and not use them!

"Oh, general Wang is actually adjacent to me. If we are in danger, general, please lend a hand!"

Just as Wang Xian followed Ling Chenyan to the end of the line where he was guarding, a voice was suddenly heard! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian raised his head and saw an old man with a few subordinates staring at him. His eyes were sparkling!

"City in the Sky?"

Wang Xian looked at their clothes and narrowed his eyes slightly. "Our matter will be settled once this calamity is over!"

He stared at the old man indifferently without any scruples!

The expression of the old man in the city in the sky changed slightly. The smile on his face instantly turned into a smile!

"HMPH!"

He snorted coldly and didn't say another word with a cold expression!

"Go Back!"

Wang Xian glanced at them indifferently and spoke to Ling Chenyan who was beside him!

Ling Chenyan felt the stifling atmosphere and her face turned pale. She nodded her head hurriedly!

At the same time, his heart was filled with doubt and shock!

This young general seemed to have a grudge with the city in the sky!

"Damn it, this fellow is actually so arrogant. City Lord Liang, we..."

The few people behind the old man saw this scene and revealed furious expressions. They roared coldly!

However, before he could finish his words, city Lord Liang waved his hand and stopped them!

The officer at the side lowered his head and didn't dare to get involved!

"You guys take a look here!"

City Lord Liang said with a gloomy expression and immediately left!

Buzz

City Lord Liang arrived at the top of the protective wall in an area guarded by the city in the sky!

His lips moved slightly and soon, old men appeared in front of them one by one!

"What's wrong, Old Liang?"

The commander of the city in the sky looked at City Lord Liang in front of him and asked faintly!

"Commander, that Wang Xian from the mysterious sky territory is a little arrogant. He killed so many of us. We..."

City Lord Liang looked at the commander with an unwilling expression!

"His strength has already reached the peak of the Divine Lord Realm!"

The commander of the city in the sky frowned. With the strength of a peak divine lord, it would be difficult to kill him!

"Commander, if we use some of the treasures in the city in the sky, we might be able to..."

City Lord Liang said coldly!

"If we use them, we will be able to kill the other party. Then what? We have offended the mysterious sky territory, and now?"

The commander looked ahead and shook his head. He then asked, "You met that brat. What did he say?"

"He said that he will settle the score with Sky City after this!"

City lord he said with a dark expression!

"HMPH!"

The expression of the commander of Sky City also turned sullen. However, what could they do now?

The other party was already at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm. They couldn't even kill the star Beast Tower. could they?

Perhaps they could. However, would the Xuan Heaven Domain allow them to take action?

If they really angered Xuan Tianzi, their sky city wouldn't be able to withstand the fury of the other party!

Furthermore, their main objective was to obtain the formation in Wang Xian's hands!

"Unless..."

The eyes of the commander of the Sky City suddenly flickered. "Unless we inform another faction that he possesses a powerful formation and join forces with them, it will be too difficult to kill him!"

He said coldly, but soon after, he shook his head. "Let's not bother about that fellow for now. Let's focus on dealing with the calamity in front of us!"

"Yes!"

City Lord Liang was a little unwilling, but there was nothing he could do!

The other party was not the level eight master of God that they had received information about. Instead, he was at the peak of the Master of God!

The difference between the two levels was like heaven and earth!

"The sea monsters are moving towards us. Everyone, get ready!"

At this moment, a majestic voice suddenly rang in everyone's mind!

At the place where the Dragon Palace was guarding, Wang Xian's pupils constricted slightly and he immediately floated in the sky!

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered loudly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Roars were emitted from the members of the Dragon Palace and reverberated within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

The high fighting spirit shocked everyone!

"Get Ready, Kill!"

"Kill, kill the Endless Sea Monsters!"

"We humans of the natural selection continent have fought against the sea monsters for thousands of years and have never been afraid!"

Roars filled with fighting spirit rang out one after another!

"Kill!"

Following that, waves of terrifying killing intent came from the surroundings!

Wang Xian's figure moved and flew out of the city wall to stand on the surface of the sea!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately followed behind. They entered the sea beneath Wang Xian!

"What is the Dragon Palace Army doing?"

Ling Chenyan was stunned when she saw the Dragon Palace Army entering the ocean!

The Ocean was the territory of the sea monsters. When they entered the ocean, it was to avoid the enemy's weakness and throw away their advantage!

They could stand on the wall of protection and fight!

The wall of protection was built by the four godly monarchs with the help of all the resources in the Tianze continent!

Xuan Tianzi and godly monarchs had set up powerful arrays on it!

Even the sea monsters at the peak of the godly monarch realm would take a long time to break through!

They could stand on the wall and launch long-range attacks!

Once they entered the ocean, they would lose this advantage completely!

However, she could not say anything. The other party was an expert at the peak of the godly monarch realm. He was the general of the Tianze continent, the general of the natural selection humans!

She didn't dare to disobey the general's orders!

"I hope nothing bad will happen here!"

Ling Chenyan murmured!

"HMM? Why did general Wang of the mysterious sky territory lead his subordinates directly into the ocean?"

At this moment, the Supreme Commander in the command center frowned!

In the command center, he could see every corner of the city. He could give emergency orders at any time, but if the Dragon Palace army entered the ocean, he wouldn't be able to see what was happening inside!

"Commander Xuan, where is the Army of the Dragon Palace?"

The supreme commander immediately transmitted his voice to Commander Xuan!

"I will keep an eye on the army of the Dragon Palace. Nothing will happen!"

Commander Xuan was very confident in the army of the Dragon Palace!

He had seen how terrifying the army of the Dragon Palace was. They were good at fighting in the water. Even the eternal god Lord could coordinate perfectly. At least two peak God lords were guarding the city!

If the Dragon Palace could still be breached, then the entire human race would be in danger!