Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2382: In the Battle of 2382

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"We will not retreat until our deaths! We will protect the first line of Defense!"

In the ocean in front of the wall of defense, countless sea monsters surged over. The sea monsters were densely packed, and they gave off a terrifying aura of desolation!

In front of this terrifying aura of desolation, even Eternal God lords had grim expressions!

The roar of the supreme commander resounded in everyone's ears!

50 to 60 million soldiers stood on top of the wall of protection, holding their weapons tightly as they waited for the arrival of the sea monsters!

At the 51st and 52nd Checkpoint, Wang Xian was floating on the surface of the sea as he stared coldly at the sea monsters in front of him!

Countless Sea Monsters had already appeared in his line of sight. Under the impact of the sea monsters, the seawater surged violently and set off huge waves!

The Army of the sea monsters was endless!

"It's about to start!"

Wang Xian looked ahead as his eyes sparkled!

His body moved and landed directly in the ocean!

"Dragon Palace, Dragon Gate, appear!"

He growled and an incomparably huge Dragon Gate appeared behind him!

The Dragon Gate was 5,000 meters tall and 20,000 meters wide. It emitted powerful dragon might!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian looked at the sea monster that was getting closer and roared in a low voice!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Xingmu, the berserk dragon seed, and the Dragon Guard were in the lead. The Starwood Dragon Seed was behind them!

Behind them were the members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, the Dolphin support members, and the eight-limbed demonic Sha!

The last position was occupied by the 3,000 warriors of the Dragon Palace who were at the peak of the Godly State!

As the Dragon Palace guarded an area of more than 800,000 kilometers, the distance between each member was extremely far!

However, even so, the Dragon Palace still had a team of 100 people!

Wang Xian stood at the front position!

He would personally take action in this battle!

"There are all the cannon fodder of the demigod level at the front. It's perfect. All of them can be used as resources for the improvement of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's eyes shone with a terrifying light!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The roars and roars got closer and closer. Soon, endless sea monsters arrived in front of the Dragon Palace!

"Very good. Dragon's might, Rule!"

Wang Xian licked his lips and his body trembled!

Boom

A terrifying dragon's might covered a radius of 500 kilometers!

With his strength, all sea monsters within a radius of 500 kilometers that were lower than the level four eternal lord would have to submit to him!

Right in front of him, more than 100,000 sea monsters trembled slightly and charged toward Wang Xian at an even more terrifying speed!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

They passed through Wang Xian's body and charged directly into the east gate of the Dragon Palace!

All the sea monsters successfully charged into the east gate of the Dragon Palace. However, the moment they entered, they died immediately!

The disciples in the Dragon Palace immediately put away the corpses and threw them into the dragon transformation pool!

"Kill!"

At this moment, the sounds of the members of the Dragon Palace fighting could be heard in the surroundings!

With a radius of more than 800,000 kilometers, Wang Xian's rule could only cover an area of 500 kilometers!

It was only one-thousandth of the area. The rest of the area still needed the members of the Dragon Palace to deal with!

Buzz

When the hundreds of thousands of sea monsters became the resources of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian moved his body and came to the side once again!

In an instant, the sea monsters within a radius of 500 kilometers were conquered and rushed toward the Dragon Palace crazily!

His speed was very fast. In twenty seconds, he could cover a radius of 500 kilometers!

In particular, some of the more powerful sea monsters behind him were also within the coverage area!

In the surrounding area, there were more than 1,500 eternal divine masters and 3,000 experts at the peak of the godly state of the Dragon Palace. Their killing speed was even faster than Wang Xian's ruling speed!

Every second, tens of thousands of sea monsters were killed by them!

The corpses of the sea monsters that were killed were collected by the strange demon directly!

The battle in front of them did not require the strange demon to make a move. Instead, they collected the corpses and threw them into the Dragon Palace quickly!

At this moment, in the Dragon Transformation Pool located in the Dragon Palace, the members of the Dragon Palace were soaking in the dragon transformation pool and improving rapidly!

As long as they had the resources, the members of the Dragon Palace wouldn't have any bottlenecks. They could quickly advance to the eternal God Lord Realm!

The first wave of attacks were all sea monsters below the eternal God Lord Realm. This wasn't difficult for the Dragon Palace at all!

In fact, these sea monsters were the resources of the Dragon Palace!

In just half an hour, more than 4,000 members of the Dragon Palace had killed hundreds of millions of sea monsters!

These hundreds of millions of sea monsters could at least give birth to dozens of Eternal God lords for the Dragon Palace!

Compared to the silent battles at the bottom of the sea, the sounds of battle around the wall of protection were endless!

There were no casualties in the other places that were guarded!

Humans relied on the protection of the wall of protection to kill the sea monsters when they were hundreds of kilometers away!

In the ocean ahead, the seawater turned red, and the smell of blood soared into the sky!

The battle continued. Soon, an hour had passed. The number of sea monsters killed by the humans had reached at least 10 billion!

After an hour of continuous attacks, the faces of many godly state experts turned pale. They kept swallowing pills to recover!

However, the number of sea monsters did not decrease at all!

On the wall of protection, all the generals looked ahead with expressionless faces!

The war had just begun!

The last war lasted for a whole month!

Time passed slowly. Every warrior was a little numb from the battle!

Everyone's eyes were blood-red. They were mechanically releasing terrifying attacks!

Any one of their attacks would be able to hit the sea monsters!

However, there were simply too many sea monsters!

In the beginning, the humans were still able to kill them from over a hundred kilometers away. However, after five hours, the sea monsters were already close to ten kilometers away from the wall of protection!

Ten kilometers was already very close!

The Eternal God Lord Sea Monsters could already ignore this distance!

After six hours of fighting, the sea ahead was completely blood red. At least 60 to 70 billion sea monsters had died at the hands of humans!

However, everyone knew that the sea monsters in front were only cannon fodder!

"All soldiers, get ready. An eternal god Lord level sea monster has appeared behind us. We can launch a round of cannonball attacks!"

At this moment, the voice of the supreme commander entered everyone's ears!

The bombardment of the cannonballs could give the humans a temporary respite!

"Fire the cannonballs!"

The generals did not hesitate. The cannonballs on the wall of protection were enough to sustain three hours of continuous bombardment!

By firing the cannonballs for an hour, the soldiers would be able to recuperate for some time!

"Fire the cannonballs!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

When the order for the shelling sounded, cannon barrels slowly extended out from the wall of defense. Using the god Stone as energy, terrifying flames, blisters, ice arrows, and golden rays covered the sky and covered the earth! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was densely packed and mighty!