Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 2383: In the Battle of 2383

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In front of the wall of protection, a terrifying explosion sounded. All kinds of colorful shells shot into the underground sea. The terrifying energy formed a mushroom cloud on the surface of the sea!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Miserable roars came from the bottom of the sea!

Looking from afar, one could see rows and rows of cannons pouring into the sea from the wall of protection!

This scene was extremely shocking!

However, at one corner of the wall of protection, there was no pouring of ammunition nor the bombardment of high-tech cannons!

From time to time, huge waves came from the surface of the sea. One could see that there was a battle happening below!

"Are the Sea Monsters of the Eternal Lord level about to appear?"

Wang Xian was floating in the middle of the sea, commanding a group of sea monsters to enter the Dragon Palace!

In more than six hours, Wang Xian had managed to control at least a billion sea monsters. The members of the Dragon Palace around him had killed at least two billion sea monsters!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the Dragon Palace had the highest number of sea monsters!

"With so many resources, the Dragon Palace should be able to increase the number of eternal masters by 700 to 800!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

Although they had killed a lot of sea monsters, they were all below the level of Eternal Masters!

The dragon blood transformed from the Sea Monsters of the eternal masters could not be compared to those of the Godly State!

The resources transformed from a sea monster of the first level of the eternal masters were about 50 times more than those of the sea monsters at the peak of the Godly State!

Not to mention the Sea Monsters of the eternal masters who were of a higher level!

There were not many sea monsters at the peak of the godly state at the beginning of the battle. Most of them were below the level of seven wisps of divine fire!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, violent roars were heard!

"Wu Wu Wu!"

In the next moment, waves of black poison attacked them!

From above, one could see that a large amount of seawater was corroded by the terrifying poison. The seawater instantly turned black and red!

They were spreading toward them at a terrifying speed!

"Black poison eels, it's the black poison eels!"

At this moment, on the wall of protection, a general roared!

The black poison eels were a large race of the underground sea. They occupied an area of the underground sea, and generally, the black poison eels had more than six wisps of divine fire!

Even the eternal god Lord level black poison eels were numerous!

There were all kinds of sea monsters that had just attacked, and now, they were attacking as one race!

"Is this the entire group of black poison eels? There must be at least tens of billions of them!"

"This is just the beginning!"

In the commander's office, the Supreme Commander's face was slightly embarrassed!

These black poison eels were ten times more difficult to deal with than the 60 to 70 billion sea monsters from before!

He stood up slowly and stared at the scene in front of him with a solemn face!

"The stronger sea monsters are finally here!"

At the bottom of the sea, Wang Xian saw a school of black poisonous eels that were dozens of meters in size in front of him. Instead, a smile appeared on his face!

As long as they were sea monsters below level four of the eternal lord, they would be easy pickings if they were to charge at him!

Wang Xian really hoped that there would be millions of level three sea monsters of the Eternal Lord charging at him. Then, the Dragon Palace would receive a terrifying upgrade!

Buzz

Wang Xian moved his body and met the group of black poisonous eels directly. His dragon aura covered the entire area!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The black poisonous eels within a radius of 500 kilometers trembled slightly. Under Wang Xian's control, they flew directly into the Dragon Palace!

There were also a few eternal lord level eels among them!

The rule this time was equivalent to the results of his ten minutes earlier!

Following that, Wang Xian ruled at a terrifying speed again and again, turning them into the resources of the Dragon Palace!

At this moment, the dragon transformation pool, which was a hundred kilometers in size, was already filled with half of its blood!

On the heads of the nine dragon pillars, streams of dragon blood flowed down continuously!

The number of members of the Dragon Palace in the dragon transformation pool was increasing. From time to time, there would be members making breakthroughs!

Although the group of black poisonous eels was extremely terrifying, their levels were not high in Wang Xian's opinion. The strongest one was around level four of the Eternal Lord. They were completely defenseless against Wang Xian!

However, Wang Xian also discovered a problem. Even if they were facing a level four sea monster of the Eternal Lord, it would not run away even if it could not defeat Wang Xian at his peak combat strength!

It would fight with its life on the line, which astonished Wang Xian greatly!

"As expected of a catastrophe. These sea monsters are basically fighting with their lives on the line. Is this the order of the Immortal King Sea Monster?"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

At the position above, the bombardment of the cannonballs had ended. The human soldiers continued to fight!

The group of black poisonous eels was getting closer and closer to the wall of protection. At this time, the human soldiers had to fly into the sky to welcome them!

Casualties began to appear!

The thing that the human experts were most unwilling to see happen happened. Even if the eternal god Lord Level Sea monsters were killed, they would not escape!

This made many people's faces extremely grave!

The fierce battle began. The entire wall of protection was filled with roars and roars!

The 51st and 52nd place was much calmer compared to the surroundings!

Time slowly passed. This battle lasted for a full 10 hours!

"Some of the sea monster races at the rear are in some chaos. They should be able to rest for a few hours!"

In the main command room, the highest commander received the news and sighed slowly!

The battle had already lasted for 16 to 17 hours. In these 16 to 17 hours, 200 to 300,000 humans had died!

This number was nothing to the sea monsters!

However, this was all based on the foundation of the humans. Once the time came, the human casualties would increase by hundreds to thousands of times!

Fortunately, there were natural enemies among the sea monsters. There would be some chaos that would allow the human soldiers to catch their breath for a few hours!

"Eh? It's stopped!"

At this moment, at the Area 51 to 52 guarded by the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian looked at the sea monsters that had suddenly stopped in front of him and was slightly stunned!

Feeling the chaos ahead, he had a slight realization. There was a problem with the sea monsters!

"I have to admit that there are really many powerful sea monsters. Just the Dragon Palace alone has killed more than 2,000 eternal Lord Sea Monsters!"

"There are only a few in other places. There are also more than 10,000 eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters of the black poison eel race!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. The Dragon Palace's harvest this time was extremely huge!

It was estimated that they would be able to add at least 2,000 eternal masters of the Dragon Palace!

"The more I fight, the stronger I become. If I can accept this calamity, the Dragon Palace's strength will be comparable to the four major forces. Of course, there is a prerequisite. I have to upgrade one level too!"

Wang Xian stared ahead, his eyes shining brightly!

If he wanted to advance, he would have to devour more than ten sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!

A master God level nine sea monster would require five to six hundred of them!

"It's not impossible!"

He thought to himself as he scanned his surroundings!

"Strange Demon clan, go and collect the corpses around you!"

He ordered immediately!