Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2384: 2384 swallowed the Netherworld Sea Monster

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao and the others responded!

More than 200 strange demons that had turned into dragon-type spiky dragons did not attack!

Strange Demons and the others were not good at group battles. They were good at single-point explosive attacks!

They were good at assassinations. Although they could not fight three levels higher, they had a high chance of instantly killing existences two levels higher than them!

This was also a very terrifying point!

The group of strange demons moved and immediately flew towards their surroundings!

The battlefield in the surroundings was not as easy as the one in the Dragon Palace. All the sea monsters that they had killed had sunk into the sea!

There was no time for them to obtain the spoils of war!

The strange demons could have gone to other places to retrieve the corpses. It was a huge profit!

Ao yaoyao left with them. Wang Xian flew out from the bottom of the sea and landed on the city wall!

"General, are you and your soldiers alright?"

Ling Chenyan walked over immediately and asked worriedly!

After more than ten hours of battle, they were the only ones who didn't activate their weapons!

"It's still relatively easy!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"General Wang, let's take advantage of this time to come over and have a talk!"

At this moment, Commander Xuan's voice came from the right!

Wang Xian looked over and his figure moved. He teleported to their side instantly!

The rest of the generals were also gathered together!

"General Wang, how is it?"

Commander Xuan and the rest looked at him and asked!

"It's still relatively easy at the moment. Let us know if you need reinforcements!"

Wang Xian said calmly!

The rest of the generals were stunned for a moment before a bitter expression appeared on their faces!

"General Wang, your subordinates are really fierce. We have already lost a few eternal lord experts just from the start!"

One of the generals shook his head and said helplessly!

"We have to hold on at this moment. If we really need the second wave of people to arrive, there will be even more casualties!"

A general looked at the ocean in front of him!

There, the roars of sea monsters could be heard from time to time. Two huge sea monster races were confronting each other!

Obviously, these two natural enemy races had disrupted the rhythm of the sea monsters!

This kind of situation had happened during the first and second catastrophes. It could not be maintained for long!

Soon, the other party might continue to attack!

"It's going to rain!"

At this moment, a general saw the dark clouds surging over and said indifferently!

"Let's go. Soon, a rainbow will appear!"

The only female general smiled!

The rest of them smiled and left!

Wang Xian returned to area 51-52!

"Reporting to Dragon King, our strange demon clan has discovered a strange situation at the bottom of the sea!"

At this moment, Ao Yao's figure suddenly appeared beside Wang Xian!

Doubt appeared on his face. "What's the situation?"

"Dragon King, there's a strange sea monster below that is devouring the corpses of the slain sea monsters. It's evolving at a terrifying speed!"

Ao Yao reported!

"A strange sea monster is devouring corpses?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked!

"Let's go, bring me there to have a look!"

Without any hesitation, he flew straight into the ocean!

Splash

After entering the bottom of the ocean, Ao Yao brought Wang Xian to the deepest part of the ocean!

The bottom of the ocean here, even the most marginal area, was at least a million kilometers deep!

During the period of the catastrophe, no one dared to go deep into the depths of the ocean!

The distance of 100 kilometers was not very far. When Wang Xian was about to reach the bottom of the sea, he saw a monster that looked like black mud not far away from him. It was devouring the body of a sea monster!

As it was devouring, its body size was getting bigger and bigger!

These sea monsters seemed to have no bones. It looked a little strange!

Devouring the Netherworld Sea Monster: level nine godly state (level eight baby of the Eternal Lord)

A piece of information appeared in Wang Xian's mind. He was slightly shocked!

"It's actually a level eight baby of the Eternal Lord. It has such a high level!"

Wang Xian revealed a hint of surprise on his face. His body trembled slightly as he directly ruled over it!

Holding it in his hand, he sized it up and didn't find anything strange!

"Dragon King, there are more in other places. There are many of these sea monsters. It's so many that it's terrifying!"

Ao Yao said from the side!

His body moved and he immediately flew forward!

As expected, there were many of these sea monsters in the underground sea. There were more than 100,000 of them in this area alone! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"These sea monsters are improving very quickly. However, no matter how fast they are, they still have to digest the energy in their bodies. It's impossible for them to improve to level eight of the Eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly!

Gulp

At this moment, Wang Xian felt his powerful sea monster locking onto him. He looked over and saw a mermaids sea monster at the peak of the Eternal Lord staring at him!

Boom

The next moment, the mermaids sea monster attacked Wang Xian directly!

"Retreat!"

Wang Xian frowned. He moved his body and flew straight to the surface of the sea!

The sea monster did not chase after him when it saw him escaping!

This made him frown slightly!

What were these sea monsters doing? were they plotting something?

Did the sea monsters have such high intelligence?

Wang Xian frowned!

"All soldiers, get ready!"

He rushed out of the surface of the sea and the voice of the highest commander entered everyone's ears!

Wang Xian looked into the depths of the sea and saw huge waves surging over from a few hundred kilometers away. As they got closer, the huge waves grew higher and higher!

When they reached about a hundred kilometers away, the huge waves had already reached a height of a few thousand meters!

Among the huge waves, there were numerous huge sea monsters hiding!

"The first wave of the wall of protection is activated!"

A cold voice sounded. On the wall of protection, there was a layer of water-blue light!

"Prepare to face the enemy!"

A furious roar was heard!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian saw the sea monsters in front of him and a strong glow shot out from his eyes. He let out a loud roar!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace flew into the ocean. They stood in the middle of the ocean floor and stared at the sea monsters charging at them!

They would tell this group of sea monsters whose territory the ocean belonged to!

"Fight!"

The Sea Monsters of the two races charged at them. Their strength was slightly stronger than the previous wave of sea monsters!

However, it was only slightly stronger. It didn't affect the members of the Dragon Palace at all!

Now, once the members of the Dragon Palace reached the level of eternal lord, most of them could fight against the level three or even level four sea monsters of the Eternal Lord!

In addition, the Dragon Palace had dozens of level five, level six, and level seven sea monsters. They could easily fend them off!

The battle began, and Wang Xian's reign continued!

A large amount of resources were channeled into the dragon transformation pool of the Dragon Palace. The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace were improving at a terrifying speed!

As time passed, screams of pain could be heard from the surroundings of the wall of protection!

A prolonged war began. More and more people were dying!

More and more eternal Lord Sea Monsters appeared. The Lord Sea Monsters were fighting with their lives on the line while the humans were also fighting with their lives on the line!