Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2385: 23,850,300,000 sea monsters above tier 5 master God realm

"Rumble!"

"Crash!"

Torrential rain fell from the sky. The rainwater in front of the city wall fell on the scarlet sea surface, creating blood-red splashes!

The sea monsters had already entered the position of 20 kilometers away from the city wall!

The human soldiers in the sky rushed over to engage in a fierce battle!

The battle became more and more intense. From time to time, there would be experts at the level of the Eternal Lord Dying!

The endless sea monsters let out roars and roared in the world!

The humans of the Tianze continent could only use their lives to resist!

Under the sea, the members of the Dragon Palace were also feeling a little pressure. However, this pressure was still within their limits!

The sea monsters were coming one after another. Each of them had billions of existences!

One day, two days, three days. On the eighth day of the catastrophe, the number of sea monsters ruled by Wang Xian alone had reached seven to eight billion!

Including the Kills, the Dragon Palace had obtained at least 20 billion corpses!

Among them, there were more than 10,000 corpses at the level of the Eternal Lord!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the number of sea monsters killed by the Dragon Palace accounted for one-fifth of the total number of sea monsters that had invaded the Dragon Palace!

The members of the Dragon Palace were too strong in suppressing the sea monsters. Furthermore, Wang Xian could easily control the sea monsters within a radius of 500 kilometers. It was simply too easy to kill them!

"Generals, please come to the Main Command Room!"

At this moment, a voice rang in Wang Xian's ears!

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. After hesitating for a moment, he dashed out of the sea!

Buzz

He teleported to the command center. The other generals also teleported over in a flash!

"Currently, we have lost 30% of our human soldiers. Order the second batch of people to come here immediately!"

"Also, there aren't many sea monsters above level five of the eternal lord yet. Everyone, get ready!"

The supreme commander didn't hesitate and immediately said to them!

"Okay!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The commanders of the four forces nodded with a gloomy face!

"There's another piece of bad news. According to the news from the godly king behind us, there are more than 30,000 sea monsters above eternal lord rank 5 gathered behind us!"

The Supreme Commander said with a gloomy face!

"30,000!"

Everyone's face turned ugly!

There were only about 70,000 to 80,000 eternal master god experts in the entire Tianze continent, and most of them were below the fifth rank of the Eternal Master God. Now that the sea monsters had gathered an army of 30,000 sea monsters, it was a bit terrifying!

When the time came to attack, even their peak master god Generals would have to take action, and many of them might even die!

"Get Ready. Also, get all the humans of our Tianze continent to get ready. When we really reach a certain point, all the people will be soldiers!"

The highest commander gritted his teeth and said!

The group of people nodded slightly in silence. One by one, they left with a solemn expression!

At the same time, the four great powers, together with the federation royal family, began to send the second batch of soldiers into the battlefield!

During the eight-day war, nearly 20 million human soldiers of the Tianze continent were killed or injured. These were all true experts!

The combat strength of the second batch of soldiers was much weaker than the first batch!

On the AI of the Tianze continent, the eruption of the third calamity had long been announced. At this moment, the Federation announced that all citizens should be prepared to join the army!

The calamity would spread to everyone at any time. If it really reached a certain stage, even demigods would have to go to the battlefield!

Everyone in the Tianze continent was panicking. How many people would die if all the people were soldiers?

Even if the Tianze continent was fighting with the underground sea day and night, it had never reached the point where all the people were soldiers!

There would be experts protecting them!

The previous calamity was something that this generation of humans had never experienced before. Now that the calamity had begun, everyone was filled with worry!

However, when the humans of the Tianze continent saw the intense battle on the wall of protection, their scalps went numb and they were filled with fury!

They could only pray that the humans would be able to achieve victory!

"Rule!"

Wang Xian returned to the bottom of the sea and immediately charged into the sea monsters ahead!

With a jolt of his body, at least hundreds of thousands of sea monsters were ruled and quickly turned into resources!

Currently, 80% of the dragon blood in the dragon transformation pool had been consumed!

This was also the reason why the 5,000 members of the Dragon Palace were being consumed at a rapid rate!

In ten days, the number of eternal lord-level experts in the Dragon Palace had increased by 5,000!

A total of 5,000 experts was definitely a terrifying number!

Furthermore, after the 5,000 experts, the number could still be increased. Based on the amount of resources, the Dragon Palace could increase the number of eternal lord-level experts by 15,000!

However, Wang Xian did not continue to increase the number. Instead, he wanted to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace which was at the level of Eternal Master!

Wang Xian had to lead at least 5,000 members of the Dragon Palace. All of them had the combat strength of at least level five or six of the Eternal Masters!

On the afternoon of the eighth day, the second batch of soldiers stepped into the battlefield and fought with the sea monsters!

However, the soldiers who entered at this time were extremely dangerous. In the next two days, five to six million soldiers died every day!

The number of casualties was increasing, and the sea monsters'attacks were getting fiercer and fiercer!

Even at the location of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian sent out another 500 members who had been upgraded to the level of the Eternal Lord!

"Roar!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

On the tenth day, a roar that reverberated throughout the entire Tianze continent suddenly came from the depths of the ocean. Everyone was slightly shocked!

Following which, everyone saw that deep within the ocean, a scene that looked like the end of the world had appeared!

A huge blade shot up into the sky, slashing straight into the ocean!

A terrifying beast roar and shocking blade light!

"This is an undying emperor level sea monster fighting with Lord Sword Emperor, the god Emperor level battle has begun!"

Everyone's hearts trembled, their pupils dilated as they looked over in shock!

The attacking sea monsters paused slightly!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Roars suddenly sounded from the rear, and the attacking sea monsters suddenly retreated!

The soldiers were all astonished!

However, soon, bad news came from the command center!

The sea monsters didn't retreat. Instead, more gathered. 30,000 eternal God Lord rank 5 and above sea monsters came to the front of all the sea monsters!

They were prepared to carry out the final attack!

When the generals received the news, they had extremely solemn expressions on their faces!

"Are the sea monsters going to carry out the final attack in ten days?"

Commander Xuan frowned and looked at the generals of the Xuan Tian Territory!

"Commander Xuan, 30,000 sea monsters above level five of the Master of Eternal God, how many of them are at the peak of the Godly State?"

Wang Xian frowned and asked!

He could no longer control the sea monsters at level five of the Celestial Master!

"According to the uncertain news, there are more than 200 of them, which is more than twice the number of US humans. 95% of the peak of the celestial master among us humans are here!"

"With the strategic weapons of the federation, it's not that we can't fight them, but we must be prepared to die!"

Commander Xuan's face was solemn!

In ten days, the sea monsters had launched a general attack, followed by a large-scale life and death battle!