Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2386: 23,866,30,000 god Lords and above, under the sea monster army

"Notice, all experts of the Tianze continent have entered the guardian wall, guarding the front lines of the Humans!"

"Notice, all strategic weapons of the Tianze continent have been prepared, ready to bombard at any time!"

On the 10th day of the catastrophe, the AI announced a notice, all human experts, Eternal God lords had to step onto the battlefield!

Although this was only a notice, every human of the Tianze continent had to abide by it, because this represented the rule of the federation and the four major forces, and no one dared to defy it!

In addition, one by one, the Tianze continent's incomparably powerful strategic weapons were being transported over!

In the sky, aircraft carriers floated in the air, and the cannons in the city behind them were aimed at the ocean!

The entire natural selection continent could feel the tense atmosphere, especially in the sky deep in the ocean. The terrifying battle had almost spread across half of the continent!

"Those 50,000 sea monsters at the level of the eternal lord should be attacking soon. It might be a crisis for the Tianze continent, but it might be an opportunity for me!"

Wang Xian returned to region 51-52 from Xuan Tong and the rest. He stood on the wall of protection and looked at the sea in front of him!

There were more than 30,000 sea monsters at the level of the Eternal Lord and above. There were more than 200 of them at the peak of the deity realm!

If Wang Xian could take advantage of this opportunity to devour enough sea monsters, he could undergo a transformation!

Once he stepped into the immortal godly monarch realm, everything would be much easier!

Once he stepped into the immortal godly monarch realm, the members of the Dragon Palace would be able to improve rapidly. At that time, it would be easy for him to nurture a few hundred peak-stage master God Realm members!

"Before that, set up some formations!"

Wang Xian moved his body and immediately jumped into the ocean in front of him!

This time, he had to be 100% confident!

In the surrounding area, all the formation masters of the mysterious sky territory were setting up formations one after another!

Even though the sea monsters had yet to attack, the entire protective wall was still filled with an extremely solemn atmosphere!

The powerhouses from the other parts of the Tianze continent rushed over one by one and listened to the orders of the Federation!

The faces of the powerhouses who arrived were a little embarrassed and pale!

However, in the face of a life and death battle between humans, they could not cower!

"Sergeant Ling Chenyan, Where's general Wang?"

On the wall of protection, a soldier flew over and asked Ling Chenyan!

"General Wang is in the ocean? What's the matter?"

Ling Chenyan asked the person who had arrived!

"There's a group of human experts. If general Wang needs them, we can distribute some of them!"

The person said to Ling Chenyan! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"No need. Send them to other places!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui who was standing at the side suddenly said!

"En?"

Hearing Prime Minister Gui's words, Ling Chenyan nodded to the soldiers beside her!

At this moment, Ling Chenyan was extremely curious about this Dragon Palace Army!

The other areas were bombarded with weapons, and there were even many places that requested reinforcements!

However, not only were there no weapons or reinforcements, she didn't even see many casualties!

Her heart was filled with curiosity and respect for the Dragon Palace Army!

This was a powerful army!

Not only was Ling Chenyan surprised, even the highest-ranking officer in the command center was extremely curious!

Unfortunately, he couldn't see what was happening in the ocean!

"This fellow isn't simple!"

On the left side of the Dragon Palace Army, City Lord Liang scanned the 51-52 regions with a gloomy expression!

He knew the situation of the Dragon Palace Army the best. At the beginning, there were over 4,000 experts, but now, there were still over 4,000 experts. It seemed like there wasn't a single casualty!

This made him a little jealous, especially since the other party was their enemy. He was even more displeased!

Even though it was the time of the Sea Monsters'calamity, he still hoped that the other party would be completely annihilated by the sea monsters!

"All soldiers, get ready. The sea monsters are attacking us!"

"Behind us is our home. We have the family that we need to protect. We will not retreat even if we die in battle!"

At this moment, the solemn voice of the supreme commander resounded in everyone's mind!

"So Fast?"

Wang Xian, who was in the ocean, frowned as he looked at the formation in front of him!

He had only set up one formation. There was no time left for him to continue setting it up!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he ordered all the members!

"It's the Dragon King!"

There were still more than 4,000 members of the Dragon Palace and 1,500 eternal lord-level members!

In the Dragon Palace, all 5,000 of them had been born in the past 10 days. However, they were still improving their strength and did not participate in the following battle!

"Prime Minister Gui, enter the Dragon Palace and use up all the resources to create a strange demon with the peak combat strength of an eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui who was beside him!

Although the strange demon was only able to assassinate people two levels above him, it was more terrifying because it had a high chance of killing a sea monster at the peak of an eternal Lord!

This was much more suitable than a peak-stage god-level wild dragon species!

Although it consumed a lot of resources, these resources were not enough for the wild dragon species to increase its combat strength to the level of an immortal god-level King!

The improvement of the wild dragon species required more resources than that of the thorned dragon species!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded and immediately entered the Dragon Gate of the Dragon Palace!

"They're here!"

When Prime Minister Gui came out again, Wang Xian looked at the terrifying figures in front of him!

Most of the figures were hundreds of meters in size. There were even sea monsters that were thousands of meters in size!

They were all mighty and mighty. The leaders were all at level five and above of the Eternal Lord!

One could sense the terrifying aura of the sea monsters at the peak of the Lord God realm from afar!

When all the sea monsters were about 50 kilometers away from the surface of the water, all of them rushed out of the water!

At the 51-52 region, Wang Xian could sense four terrifying auras!

His pupils contracted slightly, but he didn't take any action!

The first round of attacks didn't require them to make a move!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, a terrifying sound came from above. At the top of the aircraft carrier, cannons with a diameter of 10 meters were poked out!

One by one, the cannonballs aimed at the sea monsters in the ocean!

The weapons of the Tianze continent could destroy a peak-stage god-lord realm sea monster!

The tail lines of the vast cannon fire drew a long arc and bombarded the sea monsters one by one!

Destructive Energy Rose into the sky!

Above the wall of protection, all the soldiers stared nervously at the bombardment this time!

The commander-in-chief also stood up nervously and stared at the screen!

"Demon, Ao Xingmu, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian licked his lips when he saw this scene. His eyes were sparkling!

There were four sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm in his area. As long as he could severely injure or even injure one or two of them, he would be able to kill them instantly!

At that time, he could devour them immediately!