Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2387: The might of the 2387 Dragon Palace

Boom! Boom! Boom

The cannon fodder in the sky poured down. Amidst the endless sea monsters, blood-red waves rose up!

The terrifying energy pillars locked onto the sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm!

Each energy pillar was extremely terrifying. With the development of technology, the energy pillars could lock onto and chase after them!

Wang Xian stood in the middle of the ocean and saw two extremely terrifying energy pillars attacking the two peak of the Eternal Lord Realm!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

A terrifying explosion rang out. Wang Xian could feel waves of waves surging over!

Endless cannonballs rained down, and the chaotic energy completely covered everyone's vision!

With his yin-yang five elemental dragon eyes, Wang Xian could see that a sea monster at the peak-stage of the Divine Lord realm was directly killed!

The other sea monster at the peak-stage of the Divine Lord realm was also seriously injured!

Wang Xian was delighted when he saw this scene!

"Strange Demon, make your move. Kill that seriously injured sea monster and collect its corpse!"

Wang Xian immediately gave the order!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The strange demon nodded immediately and disappeared in an instant!

Buzz! Buzz

The Strange Demon's body size was very small and did not increase with the increase in its strength. However, this did not mean that its attack was low!

The Strange Demon's light and darkness could instantly destroy a peak-stage god-lord expert!

As the King of assassinations in the Dragon Palace, he could fight two levels higher than him. However, two levels higher than him could almost instantly kill him!

Even a berserk dragon of the same level as him would find it difficult to do so!

The strange demon turned into a black and white line and disappeared from sight!

"Roar!"

Soon, a roar came from the front, but this roar did not cause any disturbance to the surrounding sea monsters!

That was because the sea monsters were still being bombarded by the shells!

Moreover, this bombardment was almost all the high-tech weapons in the entire Tianze continent!

Buzz! Buzz

Soon, the strange demon flew over with two gigantic corpses!

Wang Xian looked over and found that there were still traces of weak vitality in the corpses!

Excitement appeared in his eyes. His head immediately turned into a dragon's head and devoured the corpses!

Buzz

As he felt the increase in the dragon energy, an excited look appeared in his eyes!

"I'm almost thirteen sea monsters at the peak of the godly state that will be able to level up on their own!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he stared at the two sea monsters in front of him and licked his lips!

There were four sea monsters at the peak of the godly state in Area 51 and area 52. After swallowing all of them, there were eleven more sea monsters left!

If he wanted to improve further, he would need to devour 700 to 800 level nine eternal divine Lord Sea Monsters!

"There are about 800 level nine eternal divine Lord Sea Monsters in my area. It's obviously not enough for me to improve myself. I can go to the Xuan Heaven Domain to support them!"

Wang Xian calculated in his heart!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, the sea monsters in front of Wang Xian rushed towards the wall of protection despite the danger of being bombarded by cannon fodder!

"Lure them over!"

Wang Xian said immediately!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, the Arrow Dragon Seeds of the heaven's Eye Arrow Division launched terrifying arrows!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

All the sea monsters in Area 51 and 52 immediately rushed into the sea and attacked Wang Xian and the rest!

"Kill!"

"AO xingmu, the three of us instantly killed a sea monster at the peak of the Eternal Lord Stage!"

Wang Xian stared ahead. There were more than 800 sea monsters at the level of the eternal lord level five and above. This force was much stronger than the Dragon Palace!

However, the Dragon Palace had one more expert at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level!

Especially with the presence of the strange demon, with the help of Wang Xian or Ao Xingmu, they could instantly kill one of them!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian and Ao Xingmu took the lead and charged forward!

The members of the Dragon Palace did not follow!

"Roar! Roar!"

In front of them, the two sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm were not subjected to the strategic bombardment. Their huge eyes were staring at Wang Xian and Ao Xingmu!

"Boom!"

The two sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm opened their mouths and a black torrent attacked them!

Buzz

The Yin-yang tai chi appeared in front of Wang Xian and blocked the terrifying attack directly!

In just an instant, the distance between Wang Xian and the two sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord realm was only five kilometers!

"Attack!"

Wang Xian and Ao Xingmu attacked one sea monster at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm instantly, completely ignoring the other one!

"Roar!"

The sea monster that was attacked revealed a furious expression. The sea monster at the peak of the Eternal Lord Realm attacked Wang Xian directly!

"Yin-yang five elements alms bowl!"

Wang Xian's body was surrounded by energy as he prepared to take the attack head-on!

The sea monster that was attacked by Wang Xian and the rest radiated a black glow all over its body. It tried its best to block the attack and similarly blocked their attack!

"PFFT!"

However, at this moment, a tiny figure appeared in the sky above it. The intertwining of yin and Yang entered the body of the sea monster!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The body of the sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm shook violently in the sky as it let out a terrified roar!

When Ao Xingmu saw this scene, he attacked the other sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm with his endless branches!

Wang Xian's head turned into a dragon head and devoured it directly!

A large amount of flesh and blood turned into Dragon Qi. A smile appeared on his face!

He stared at the last sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm beside him!

With only one left, it was much simpler!

With the assassination of the strange demon, coupled with the powerful strength of Ao Xingmu and himself, the second sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm was killed in just a minute!

The following areas were much simpler!

Wang Xian moved his body. With the cooperation of Ao Xingmu and the strange demon, he devoured all the 800 plus sea monsters at the level of the Master God realm and above!

Behind him were endless godly states and sea monsters that were mixed with the master God Realm!

"Ao Xingmu, you take charge here. Strange Demon, let's go. Let's go to area 53!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he said immediately!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Xingmu nodded immediately. With him taking charge here, nothing would happen unless there were sea monsters at the peak of the Master God realm charging over!

"Let's Go!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Wang Xian moved his body and flew out of the sea. He flew towards area 53!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

On the surface of the sea, there were fewer artillery attacks. The sea monsters in the sky flew into the sky one by one, trying to climb up the wall of protection!

Human soldiers were fighting against the sea monsters. Blood splattered everywhere!

It was extremely tragic!

In the middle of the sea, a sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm was fighting against Xuan Zhen!

The terrifying attack covered hundreds of thousands of kilometers. No sea monster dared to approach them!

"General Xuan Zhenshou, let me help you!"

Wang Xian shouted and flew directly into the sky!

"Eh? General Wang, Don't you have any sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm?"

When Xuan Zhenshou saw Wang Xian flying over, he was delighted and asked loudly!

"Haha, we have already killed them. Brothers from the Xuan Heaven Domain, don't panic. We will definitely win!"

Wang Xian laughed out loud and dashed into the battlefield between the mysterious guardian and the sea monster at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm!

"General Wang actually killed the sea monster at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm!"

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace's army is guarding two regions. How did they manage to defend them so quickly!"

In the 53rd region, all the soldiers of the mysterious sky territory were slightly shocked and their faces were filled with excitement!