Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2388: 2388 was furious

"Hahaha, good brother Wang, the humans will definitely win!"

When Xuan Zhenshou heard Wang Xian's words, his face was filled with excitement!

At the same time, his heart was filled with shock!

This was because it was adjacent to the area guarded by the Dragon Palace Army. Earlier, he could sense the aura of four sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm in area 51-52!

The strategic artillery fire only fired two rounds at area 51-52!

In other words, he could only destroy two peak-stage master God level sea monsters at most!

However, Wang Xian had already taken care of the peak-stage master God level sea monsters in less than three minutes. What kind of strength was this?

What kind of strength did the Dragon Palace Army hide? !

"Guard Xuan, attack together!"

Wang Xian shouted loudly. With a wave of his arm, the Five Elements Millstone appeared in the sky and attacked the nine-clawed sea monster that was 2,000 meters in size!

"Alright!"

Guardian Xuan responded loudly immediately. With a wave of his arm, a formation compass was activated instantly. The sky seemed to be torn apart!

A sharp sword descended from the sky and headed straight for the sea monster!

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang

The terrifying sharp sword seemed to be tearing apart the space!

Guardian Xuan was a formation master. Due to the lack of control over formations, he couldn't fight against opponents of a higher level. However, it wasn't a problem for him to fight against two opponents of the same level!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian felt Xuan Zhenshou's attack and his eyes shone with a dazzling light!

The five elements Millstone smashed towards the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm Roared in fear!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Faced with Wang Xian's attack and Xuan Zhenshou's formation, a large amount of blood oozed out from the body of the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm!

"Alright, as long as he doesn't escape, we will definitely kill him within 20 minutes!"

When Xuan Zhenren saw this scene, he revealed an extremely excited expression!

"After killing this sea monster, we can help the other generals in the Xuan Heaven Domain. There are places where they can fight against two Master God Realm Sea Monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!"

He continued to shout excitedly!

"PFFT!"

The moment he finished his sentence, light and darkness flashed in the sky above the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm!

At this moment, Wang Xian flew over with a smile on his face and extended his palm!

The claw instantly turned into a dragon claw and clawed at the sea monster!

Boom

He grabbed the body of the sea monster and charged straight into the ocean!

"This..."

Guardian Xuan was slightly stunned. He looked at this scene with a dumbfounded expression!

Crash

After entering the ocean, Wang Xian turned into a dragon head and devoured it!

"Guardian Xuan, I have a use for this sea monster's corpse. I'll take it away!"

Wang Xian rushed into the sky again and said to Guardian Xuan!

"This... of course there's no problem!"

Guardian Xuan widened his eyes. His face was filled with astonishment!

This speed was too fast!

A powerhouse at the peak of the Master God realm was killed just like that. It was simply shocking!

"That black and white figure just now!"

His eyes were sparkling. That black and white figure was a strange powerhouse at the peak of the god Lord Realm!

"What exactly is his identity? Even the old ancestor didn't tell us!"

Guardian Xuan thought to himself!

"Guardian Xuan, let's kill some sea monsters first to reduce the pressure on you guys!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the battlefield and said!

"Alright, Hahaha, brother Wang Xian, thank you so much!"

Guard Xuan reacted quickly and shouted excitedly!

The two of them moved and instantly attacked the Lord of God Sea Monsters Below!

The two of them were at the peak of the Lord of God realm. It was still very easy for them to kill sea monsters that were weaker than them!

"General Wang of the Dragon Palace army is so strong. He instantly helped our guard general to kill the sea monsters at the peak of the Lord of God Realm!"

"Hahaha, Kill, Kill, Kill, kill! General Wang is simply too strong!"

"General Wang is invincible!"

All the soldiers in the surrounding area 53 were excited when they saw Wang Xian and guard Xuan killing the sea monsters at their peak in an instant!

With the sea monsters at their peak killed and the rest of the level nine and level eight sea monsters killed by them, their losses would be reduced to the lowest!

Everyone was extremely excited as they shouted the words 'general Wang is invincible'loudly!

"I'll take these corpses away!"

Wang Xian was still in an area where Xuan Zhenren and the rest couldn't see. He devoured hundreds of the sea monsters'corpses and said with a smile!

"It's no big deal, brother Wang. Here!"

Xuan Zhenren laughed and threw the sea monsters'corpses to Wang Xian!

"Thank you very much, Xuan Zhenren. Shall we head to area 54?"

Wang Xian said to him with a smile on his face!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Guardian Xuan's face revealed an extremely excited expression!

Wang Xian's strength had instantly freed a few of the peak-stage divine Lord's combat strength! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

They could totally go to other places to support and kill as quickly as possible!

This way, the humans would be victorious!

Buzz

Without any hesitation, Wang Xian and guardian Xuan flew towards area 54!

"That general Wang from area 51-52..."

At this moment, in the commander's office, the Supreme Commander was looking at the area where Wang Xian and the rest were with excitement. His eyes were sparkling!

"He and the Dragon Palace's army are so strong. They might be the turning point for this battle!"

The Supreme Commander's eyes were filled with anticipation!

However, when he saw the other regions, his brows were tightly knitted!

"General Wang, guard Xuan. When you guys finish off the sea monsters at the peak of the Master God level in region 54, please send reinforcements to region 50 or region 25!"

He hesitated for a moment before sending a voice transmission immediately!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian and guard Xuan, who were flying towards region 54, were slightly stunned!

"No Problem!"

Xuan Zhenshou hesitated for a moment before replying!

"Xuan Zhenshou, you will go and support area 25 later!"

Wang Xian immediately said to Xuan Zhenshou!

Area 50 was the area of the city in the sky while area 25 was the area of the battlefield. Naturally, he had to support the battlefield!

"Alright!"

Xuan zhenshou nodded immediately. He had no objection to Wang Xian's words!

The reason why the Xuan Heaven Domain was in such a situation was all thanks to Wang Xian!

"Old Hong, we're here. Let's kill them, Hahaha!"

Soon, the two of them arrived at area 54!

The general named Old Hong was unlucky. At this moment, he was fighting two sea monsters at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm Alone!

However, his strength was strong enough. He was not at a disadvantage when fighting two of them alone!

"Eh? Guard, did you get rid of the trouble on your side?"

The old man who was fighting with great difficulty was slightly shocked when he saw them flying over. He asked with joy!

"Haha, it's All thanks to general Wang who helped me kill a peak-stage god-lord sea monster!"

"You block one first. General Wang and I will quickly kill one!"

Guard Xuan laughed loudly and charged into the battlefield!

"Guardian Xuan and general Wang are here. Haha, We Are Saved!"

"General Wang is so strong. He is leading his subordinates to guard two regions!"

When the soldiers saw that they had arrived, they heaved a heavy sigh of relief. A trace of excitement appeared on their faces!

If no one came to support them, there would not be many people who could survive in area 54!