Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2389: 2389 was furious

Boom! Boom! Boom

The situation above area 54 was the same as area 53!

Xuan Zhenwei and Wang Xian were attacking a sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm. In less than a minute, the sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm was assassinated by Ao Yao!

As for the other sea monster, its speed was even faster!

Wang Xian grabbed the two corpses and stepped into the ocean to devour them!

"This is too ferocious!"

The general of area 54 was also shocked!

His eyes were filled with shock when he saw the black-and-white figure!

"It's just that heaven-defying. Brother Wang's subordinate is too strong!"

Xuan Zhenshou said to Old Hong with a smile on his face!

"Haha, with General Wang Around, victory for us humans is right in front of us!"

Old Hong's face was filled with excitement. The three of them took action and swiftly cleared out some of the peak-stage master god experts to reduce the pressure on the other soldiers!

"Brother Wang, I'll go to area 25. You and Old Hong will head to area 55!"

After clearing out some master god sea monsters, guard Xuan Zhen immediately spoke to Wang Xian!

"Alright, General Hong, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and said to the old man!

"Haha, Alright, Let's Go!"

The old man was also extremely excited. With such a terrifying speed, the strongest human was soon released!

Once they were released, it would be a victory for mankind!

Wang Xian and the old man flew towards area 55 while Chief Xuan teleported towards area 25!

"Haha, good, Good, good!"

In the main command room, the highest commander was also looking at this scene with excitement!

That Wang Xian and his terrifying underling were simply too ferocious. They were the Saviors of mankind!

The more powerhouses at the peak of the Master God level were freed, the more support they could provide to other places!

In that case, mankind would not lose!

"All soldiers, don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Kill, Kill, Kill!"

"General Wang, who is guarding Area 51 and area 52, has led his powerful subordinates and killed seven peak god Lord Sea Monsters!"

"Now that area 52's mysterious guard has been liberated, more peak god Lord experts will be liberated soon. When the time comes, they will support you. Hold On!"

"Victory in this war belongs to US humans!"

The Supreme Commander roared with excitement. His voice spread throughout the entire guardian wall, reaching every soldier's ears!

"What? District 51's District 52's general Wang and his subordinates actually killed so many peak sea monsters!"

"Hahaha, this general Wang is simply too awesome. Long Live!"

"Hold on brothers, we humans of the Tianze continent will definitely win!"

"Definitely win!"

On the entire wall of protection, everyone's spirits jolted, their bodies filled with a strong fighting spirit!

In such a short period of time, general Wang and the others had actually killed seven peak Lord God Realm Sea Monsters. Victory was right before their eyes! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"This..."

At this time, in District 50, City Lord Liang and the commander of Sky City were fighting against three peak Lord God Realm Sea Monsters!

The people of District 50 were very unlucky. They managed to attack four peak-stage god-lord sea monsters at once. Most importantly, none of the sea monsters died under the attack of the three strategic shells!

Under such circumstances, City Lord Liang immediately requested the support of Sky City, and the commander immediately flew over!

However, even though the commander of Sky City had extremely powerful combat strength of the same level and had powerful treasures, he still managed to kill one sea monster. There were still three sea monsters left!

Two against three, the situation was extremely dangerous, especially when there was a cunning peak-stage God lord sea monster attacking the rest of the soldiers of Sky City!

In just a short ten minutes, area 50 suffered heavy losses!

"Supreme Commander, we request for reinforcements from the liberated experts!"

When the commander of Sky City heard the Supreme Commander's words, he immediately transmitted his voice to him!

"Wait for a moment. Reinforcements will be here soon!"

The Supreme Commander immediately said!

"How much longer do we have to wait? Our area 50 can't hold on much longer!"

City Lord Liang's face was blood red as he roared furiously!

"Five minutes at most!"

The supreme commander immediately replied!

"Supreme Commander, another peak God Lord Sea Monster has appeared in our area 3. Requesting reinforcements!"

Right at this moment, an angry roar sounded!

The Supreme Commander's expression changed, and he immediately looked towards sector 3!

"Hold on, reinforcements will arrive soon!"

He immediately replied loudly!

"Hahaha, another one has been killed!"

Three minutes later, an incomparably carefree roar sounded from Sector 56's position!

When everyone in the wall of protection heard this carefree roar, their faces revealed joy!

"Area 50, area 3 needs reinforcements. General of area 56, head there immediately!"

The highest commander immediately commanded loudly!

"Alright!"

At area 56, an old man opened his mouth and nodded his head excitedly!

"General, head to Area 3 for reinforcements!"

Wang Xian looked at the general of area 56 and said with a smile!

"Alright!"

The old man nodded his head. Now, wherever Wang Xian asked him to send reinforcements, he would naturally send reinforcements!

"Let's continue!"

The general known as Old Hong's eyes were filled with excitement. He immediately said to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head in excitement as well. At this speed, he would soon possess the combat strength of an immortal god King!

After devouring another six sea monsters at the peak of the god Lord Realm, he would be able to increase his combat strength!

The two of them immediately flew over!

At the same time, the general of District 56 teleported to District 3!

"Where's the support? Where's the support?"

When the general of the 56th District arrived at the 3rd district, City Lord Liang spat out a mouthful of blood and roared angrily with a pale face!

"The general of the 56th district is already fighting in the 3rd district. General of the 50th district, wait for a few more minutes for the support!"

The highest commander immediately replied!

"Damn it, our 50th district is relatively close to the 3rd district. The 3rd District is your federation's district. You guys did it on purpose!"

City Lord Liang's face was filled with rage as he questioned sternly!

When the commander of the city in the sky received this news, his face turned extremely gloomy!

"General of area 50, this is their choice. I, the commander, will not show any favoritism nor will I do it on purpose. Everyone is a hero!"

The Supreme Commander's face turned stern as he spoke with a righteous expression!

"It's that fellow, it's that Wang Xian!"

When city Lord Liang heard the Supreme Commander's words, his expression changed drastically!

At this moment, he suddenly roared in a low voice that was filled with killing intent!

He naturally knew who that general Wang of the 51st District and 52nd district was!

Based on the grudge between them and the other party, it would be their turn to provide support in the end!

Furthermore, the other party was hindering them in the dark and might not come to provide support to them!

Thinking of this, city Lord Liang gritted his teeth!

The commander of Sky City beside him also realized this problem and his expression was extremely gloomy!

"Beast, get over here!"

Suddenly, City Lord Liang waved his arm and a majestic energy shot towards a peak-stage god Lord Sea Monster in front of the Commander!

The commander of Sky City was slightly stunned!

"I'll lure them to the side!"

City Lord Liang's eyes flickered as he spoke to the commander of Sky City!

The commander was slightly stunned, and a cold look appeared in his eyes. He glanced in the direction of district 51 and nodded heavily!