Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2390: Under the fury of 2390

"General Wang is here. Hahaha, general Wang Is Here!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

"Alright, Alright. General Wang, help me kill this bunch of animals!"

At area 57 of the wall of protection, when the experts guarding the area saw Wang Xian rushing over with a general, their faces were filled with excitement!

They had heard the words of the Supreme Commander!

However, when they saw Wang Xian and the rest arriving, everyone in area 57 was still in shock!

Their speed was simply too fast!

The speed of suppressing an area was simply too fast!

"Second Grandpa, unleash your strongest attack!"

The general known as Old Hong shouted at the general in area 57!

"Good, good!"

The general's eyes were filled with excitement and excitement. He gripped the long saber in his hand tightly and attacked the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm!

Old Hong followed closely behind!

Wang Xian stretched out his dragon claw and clawed at the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm!

"Boom, Boom, Boom!"

The full-strength attack of the two generals was not able to cause serious injuries to the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm. However, this attack was sufficient!

Faced with such a powerful attack, the sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm had no chance to deal with the Strange Demon's assassination!

"PFFT!"

Under the flickering of Light and darkness, death was brought!

At this moment, Wang Xian grabbed the body of the sea monster and pulled it into the ocean!

"Good, good!"

General Old Hong laughed out loud. An instant kill. Another instant kill!

"Awesome!"

Another General looked at the spot where Ao Yao disappeared and exclaimed in awe!

Splash

The next moment, Wang Xian rushed out from the ocean!

"General Wang, I'll go and reinforce the 50th region then!"

When the general of the 57th region saw Wang Xian coming out, he smiled and said immediately!

Now that the 50th region was in danger, he could rush over!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Now that the humans of the Tianze continent were in a life-and-death situation, he would ask the generals to support the region defended by the city in the sky!

However, he didn't care about not supporting them on purpose!

After his upgrade this time around, he would also possess the combat strength of an immortal god King. At that time, he would settle the score from the past!

"Alright, the rest of the regions will depend on general Wang!"

The general of the 57th Region said loudly!

If he could survive this calamity, general Wang would have contributed greatly!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

However at this time, at the 50th region, City Lord Liang led two pinnacle god Lord Sea Monsters towards the 51st region!

He glanced at the two pinnacle god Lord sea monsters behind him, gritting his teeth, his eyes filled with viciousness!

He looked at the somewhat calm Area 51. His gaze was filled with coldness!

"Hua La!"

Without any hesitation, he charged into the ocean!

"Not good. Leader AO xingmu, the experts of area 50 have attracted the two peak Lord God Realm Sea Monsters to our side!"

A member of the Dragon Palace who was guarding at the edge of Area 51 immediately roared with a huge change in expression!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, two peak master God Sea Monsters charged over, and the terrifying Shockwave instantly killed the member of the Dragon Palace!

At the same time, City Lord he continued to fly forward. Along the way, the shockwaves killed the members of the Dragon Palace one by one!

In just a dozen seconds, dozens of members of the Dragon Palace died instantly, and half of them were eternal master God level!

"Crash!"

Ao Xingmu immediately looked to the left at the junction of Area 51 and area 52!

He was furious when he saw two peak God lords flying toward him!

"Damn it!"

He immediately went up to them!

"Damn it, what is that general of area 50 doing!"

At the same time, the Supreme Commander in the Command Center clenched his fists in embarrassment!

"Dragon King, requesting reinforcements. The general of Sky City in the 50th region has led two peak-stage divine Lord Sea Monsters to us. There are many casualties among the disciples of the Dragon Palace. Requesting reinforcements!"

At this moment, ao Xingmu's voice resounded throughout the entire guardian wall!

At this moment, ao Xingmu's expression was extremely gloomy. He had never expected that the general of the 50th region would actually attract peak-stage divine Lord Sea Monsters!

If he was not in charge of this place, the fate of the disciples of the Dragon Palace would be imaginable!

The sudden sound that resounded through the protective wall stunned all the humans!

"What!"

At the 57th region, Wang Xian, who was about to head to the 58th region, stopped in his tracks. His face instantly sank!

He had never expected that the people from the city in the sky would actually dare to attract the sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm to their Dragon Palace!

A terrifying killing intent shot out from Wang Xian's eyes instantly!

"City in the sky, all of You Must Die!"

Wang Xian roared furiously. His voice was filled with endless killing intent!

His voice reverberated throughout the entire wall of protection, causing the expressions of all the humans to change drastically!

"Damn it, what are you people from Zone 50 doing? I have already gone to your place to provide support!"

The general from area 57, who was already halfway there, had a drastic change in his expression as he questioned angrily!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian flew directly towards the Dragon Palace's garrison. His entire body was exuding a strong murderous aura!

"Oh no!"

In the commander's office, the Supreme Commander's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene!

"General Wang, you can't!"

He immediately shouted loudly!

Wang Xian's expression didn't change at all when he heard his voice!

He instantly came to the sky above the Dragon Palace's garrison and looked down!

On the surface of the sea, AO Xingmu and city Lord Liang were fighting against two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!

City Lord Liang, who had a similarly gloomy expression, glanced at Wang Xian coldly when he saw him flying over!

"General Wang, we were forced to do so. Furthermore, you have a master God at the peak of the Master God Realm Here!"

City Lord Liang said coldly!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian stared at City Lord Liang, his eyes filled with awe!

Boom Boom

In the next moment, he attacked City Lord Liang without any hesitation!

"General Wang, do you know what you are doing? How dare you attack me? Are you trying to make an enemy out of our natural selection continent?"

When city Lord Liang saw that Wang Xian was actually attacking him, he roared furiously while blocking the attack of the sea monsters!

Boom

However, there was no fluctuation in Wang Xian's eyes. His arm turned into a dragon claw as he attacked City Lord Liang directly!

"Damn it, you are betraying the human race!"

A hint of fear flashed across city Lord Liang's eyes. He did not expect that Wang Xian would actually want to kill him at this moment!

He dared to have an internal conflict during the calamity!

"This... damn it, what happened!"

"What are the people of Sky City doing?"

"General Wang wants to attack the experts of Sky City? This is a war!"

The other areas of the wall of protection changed their expressions when they heard the voice!