Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2391: 2391 was fearless

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian swooped down from the sky, completely ignoring the sea monster at the peak of the Divine Lord realm beside him!

"You're courting death!"

"You actually want to kill me!"

City Lord Liang's expression changed as he let out a series of roars!

Every single one of his voice was heard by everyone in the wall of protection. It was obvious that he wanted to let others know of Wang Xian's actions so that he would have some scruples!

This was the truth. Many experts frowned when they heard his words!

However, City Lord Liang was wrong about one thing!

Wang Xian did not have any scruples about this!

Speaking of which, he was not from the Tianze continent. The reason why he was able to guard this place was firstly to obtain the corpse of the sea monster. Secondly, it was because he had the Xuan Heaven Domain backing him up!

Xuan Tianzi was also good to him!

Naturally, the Dragon Palace had to make a move!

However, this did not mean that the people from the city in the sky had caused the death of his Dragon Palace's disciples. He would continue to fend off the sea monster!

"Five elements, law of annihilation!"

Wang Xian extended his Dragon Claw and the terrifying Dragon Claw clawed at his body!

The killing intent that filled the sky was not concealed at all!

"Damn it!"

City Lord Liang's expression changed drastically when he saw Wang Xian's attack. He immediately brandished the sharp sword in his hand and drew a terrifying long river to meet Wang Xian's attack!

Boom

A terrifying collision was heard. City Lord Liang was still trying to defend against the sea monster's attack. His expression changed drastically! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Buzz

At the next moment, a death threat covered his entire body. His face was filled with horror!

Boom

At the next moment, a white image appeared on his body!

Puff

Ao Yao's sharp claws landed on his body. However, the powerful defense on his body prevented him from dying!

His entire body was pierced through, and the light and dark energy landed on their bodies, causing his expression to change drastically!

His face was filled with cold sweat of terror!

"Is this this fellow's terrifying underling? No wonder he could instantly kill a peak god Lord Sea Monster!"

City Lord Liang's lips turned white, and his body slowly turned white as well!

Although the supreme treasure on his body had blocked this attack, his entire body was heavily injured!

"Run!"

Without any hesitation, he immediately fled in the direction of District 50!

"General Wang wants to kill me. Save Me!"

At the same time, he roared and his voice spread throughout the wall of protection!

When everyone heard this voice, their expressions changed!

"He's not dead yet!"

When Wang Xian saw that city Lord Liang was still alive, his eyes were filled with fear!

"Ao Xingmu, you single-handedly hold off the two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm. All the members of the Dragon Palace, follow me and kill everyone in the city in the sky!"

"How dare you deliberately lure the two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God realm here to kill my Dragon Palace's disciples? You shall pay with blood!"

Wang Xian's face revealed an extremely violent expression!

He did not try to hide his words at all. His voice similarly resounded throughout the entire wall of protection!

Don't be afraid. If you dare to kill my Dragon Palace's disciples, I will pay you back tenfold!

"It's the Dragon King!"

More than 1,500 divine masters of the Dragon Palace and 3,000 experts at the peak of the godly state let out a roar and charged toward district 50 with murderous intent!

"Damn it, how dare they! How dare they!"

City Lord Liang's face turned pale instantly when he heard Wang Xian's words!

Once Wang Xian brought all the members of the Dragon Palace to attack them, it would mean that District 51 and District 52 had abandoned the defense!

If they were to attack District 50, District 50 would suffer heavy losses as well!

This made him want to tear his eyes apart!

Feeling the pursuit of Wang Xian and the army of the Dragon Palace behind him, his heart pounded violently!

It was not just him. At this moment, the hearts of everyone in the entire wall of protection pounded violently!

What the hell was going on? The humans were actually fighting among themselves!

If they were to fight among themselves during this period, everyone would be waiting for their deaths!

"B * stards, what the hell are you doing in area 50? General Wang, Calm down the Dragon Palace Army!"

One of the generals couldn't help but shout furiously!

"Kill! Kill everyone in the city in the sky in area 50!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's cold roar was the response to all the humans in the Tianze continent!

Wang Xian flew over and stared at the soldiers of Sky City who were guarding the area in front of him. Then, he ordered the members of the Dragon Palace!

"Kill!"

In the next moment, all the members of the Dragon Palace did not show any mercy and immediately launched a fatal attack!

In an instant, the sea monsters attacked from the front and the soldiers of Sky City who were from the Dragon Palace on the right were horrified!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

In just one round of attack, tens of thousands of people from the Sky City were killed!

"Crazy! Why did city Lord Liang deliberately lure the peak-lord God realm sea monster to the Dragon Palace? Now we are in trouble!"

"We are not from the sky city, we are not!"

In an instant, the entire area 50 was in chaos!

"General Wang, you are seeking your own death!"

The commander of Sky City, who was currently dealing with a peak-stage god-lord sea monster, saw this scene and his eyes instantly turned red as he shouted sternly!

He also did not expect that the other party would actually abandon their defenses and come to kill them at this time!

Was this the destruction of the entire human race of the Tian Ze continent?

"General Wang!"

At this moment, the expression of the highest commander in the commander's room also changed drastically!

He could no longer sit still and immediately flew out!

"General Wang, calm down. This is a matter of life and death for humans!"

The supreme commander flew rapidly toward District 50 and shouted loudly in the sky!

"Hahaha, Supreme Commander, you should know that I, Wang Xian, am not from the Tianze continent. Just now, I led my men to kill seven to eight sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm. Now, the general of District 50 in the sky city has deliberately lured two master God realm experts into the territory guarded by my Dragon Palace Army, causing the death of my dragon palace disciples. I want to take revenge now. I want all the soldiers of District 50 in the Sky City to die!"

Wang Xian responded in a stern voice. With a wave of his dragon claw, he charged toward the eternal lord-level powerhouses!

"Ah Ah Ah, save me, City Lord Commander, save me!"

The faces of all the sky city's powerhouses in the 50th region turned pale instantly as they begged for mercy desperately!

However, the sky city's people in the 50th region were no match for the members of the Dragon Palace. They were all killed quickly!

Because of the Dragon Palace's attack, some of the sea monsters flew up to the wall of protection. The Federation sergeants on the wall of protection responded with pale faces!

"Sky City, what the F * ck are you doing? Do you want to kill the entire human race?"

A general in the area guarded by the land of battle techniques roared angrily!

"Why did the general of the 50th region deliberately attract the two peak god-level sea monsters to other regions? Do you want to be a sinner of the human race in the Tianze Continent?"

Commander Xuan, who was at the mysterious Sky Territory, also roared with a face full of anger!

Everyone on the wall of protection was extremely furious!

They were extremely shocked that general Wang was not someone from the Tianze continent!

Now, someone was helping to guard the area and had achieved great results. Now, someone was actually trying to harm the other party!

This caused the other party to directly abandon the defense. The general of the 50th region was simply courting death!