Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chapter 2392: 2,392 will be sentenced to death

"General Wang, please stop, Please Stop!"

Just when everyone in the wall of protection was furious at the general of the 50th district, the Supreme Commander flew to the 50th district and immediately shouted at Wang Xian!

"I'm sorry, Supreme Commander. He caused the death of a disciple of the Dragon Palace. I have to bury the entire 50th district with him. If anyone dares to stop him, we will fight!"

Wang Xian glanced at the supreme commander. His eyes were filled with incomparable coldness!

He didn't show any mercy at all!

"Commander Zui Wuan, this is what the city in the sky has done. Our area 57 has just finished dealing with the sea monsters and is preparing to come and support you. Is this what you have done?"

The general of the area 57 had also rushed over. He glared at the commander of the city in the sky who was fighting against the sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm and questioned him!

"I didn't give any orders!"

The commander of Sky City clenched his fists and roared furiously when he saw this scene!

He didn't expect such a situation!

"Supreme Commander, save me! Save Me!"

Beside him, the soldiers of Sky City of the 50th region begged for mercy in fear!

With 1,500 divine Lord realm experts and Wang Xian's continuous attacks, hundreds of thousands of sky city's experts had already died at his hands!

It might not be long before everyone in District 50 would be killed!

Meanwhile, the soldiers who came to support the people who did not belong to Sky City were furious and did not participate in the battle. Instead, they were watching from the wall of protection!

Many of them had noticed when City Lord Liang led the two masters of the God Realm Sea Monsters earlier!

Now that the Dragon Palace's army was so strong, they would not be foolish enough to send themselves to their deaths!

At this moment, even if they did not fight, the supreme commander would not say anything!

"Damn it!"

The Supreme Commander also stared at City Lord Liang with a face full of killing intent. This damn fellow had caused great losses to the human race!

"Dragon King, we can discuss this properly!"

The Supreme Commander said with an embarrassed expression!

At this moment, they had to calm down Wang Xian's anger as soon as possible. Otherwise, the human race would be in even more danger!

Their fight might cause billions of human casualties or even extinction!

Wang Xian ignored him and continued to kill the people of the city in the sky with murderous intent!

City Lord Liang was floating in the distance. He didn't dare to attack Wang Xian at all!

"Damn it!"

"I am the highest commander of the Federation. I hereby exercise my authority to enforce the law. General of the 50th district, City Lord Liang of the Peerless City in the city in the sky, has violated the interests of the humans of the Tianze continent. I don't care about the crisis of the Tianze continent!"

"I hereby announce that I am taking the order of city Lord Liang. Do any of the generals of the Tianze continent object to this?"

The Supreme Commander clenched his fists, gritted his teeth, and announced loudly!

"General Wang, take his head. I hope that you can consider the interests of the humans of the Tianze continent!"

After he announced, he looked at Wang Xian and said in a deep voice!

"Let him die immediately. I will continue to protect this place!"

Wang Xian replied coldly!

"No objection. It's a catastrophe for us humans. How dare a general do such a thing? He should be killed!"

"He should be killed. City in the sky, give me an explanation!"

"Hurry up. is that guy trying to kill all of us humans?"

After the Supreme Commander made the announcement, furious voices were heard immediately!

Only some of the powerhouses in city in the sky remained silent!

Clearly, even though general Wang was unbridled, he had killed numerous peak God lord sea monsters for the humans and freed many generals!

Now that city Lord Liang had broken the rules, he had to pay the price!

"You..."

At this moment, City Lord Liang's face instantly turned pale. His body trembled and his eyes were filled with Panic!

"City Lord Liang, look, all the soldiers around you have died because of you. Kill yourself immediately. If you dare to resist, kill all your descendants!"

The eyes of the highest commander were filled with viciousness as he sternly ordered city Lord Liang!

"No, no, commander, Commander..."

City Lord Liang's face was filled with fear as he looked at the commander of Sky City!

"City Lord Liang, I will help you take care of your descendants!"

The commander of Sky City growled in a low voice with an incomparably ugly expression!

"No, commander, I don't want to die..."

City Lord Liang's face was filled with shock when he heard his words, and his face was filled with terror as he growled!

"If you don't die, it will be difficult to settle the grievances of the masses. Furthermore, that fellow will continue to kill our sky city's members!"

"In the current situation, you have offended the masses!"

The commander of Sky City immediately transmitted his voice to him!

"Commander, you clearly agreed just now..."

"I will take good care of your descendants. This is the best choice!"

City Lord Liang's face was filled with unwillingness, and his eyes almost popped out!

The city in the sky commander interrupted him and said in a deep voice!

The commander's words caused City Lord Liang to fall silent, and his face turned ashen!

He knew that this time, he was completely doomed!

If he didn't want to die, his descendants would definitely die as well!

"Alright, Alright. Commander, I will take full responsibility for this matter. I only have one request. Kill him, kill him. I will wait for him below!"

City Lord Liang's body trembled as he transmitted his voice!

"Don't worry, our city in the sky will definitely kill him!"

A terrifying killing intent surged from the city in the Sky Commander!

"Hahaha, Wang Xian, general Wang, I will wait for you below. I will wait for You!"

Hearing the words of the city in the sky commander, City Lord Liang shouted with a mournful expression!

Boom

As soon as he finished his sentence, his entire body exploded!

When everyone heard the terrifying explosion, their expressions changed slightly!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm. Waves of the five elements law that had been destroyed washed away every drop of his blood, preventing his blood from being reborn!

"General Wang, are you satisfied? Now, please stop the killing!"

The highest commander heaved a sigh of relief and said to Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and stopped attacking!

In fact, most of the people from Sky City in District 50 had been killed!

Now, there was no need for Wang Xian to shed all pretense of cordiality with the humans of the entire Tianze continent!

He wanted to raise his strength to the immortal godly king level as soon as possible!

Before long, the high and Mighty Sky City would fall!

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Follow Me Back!"

Wang Xian said immediately and flew towards the Dragon Palace!

Ao Xingmu was still fighting against two peak-stage master God level sea monsters there. He wanted to rush over to support them as soon as possible!

"Hu, General Xuan, please guard the 50th Section!"

The highest commander heaved a sigh of relief. He looked around and saw that there were not many soldiers guarding the area. Some of the sea monsters had already flown to the wall of protection!

"Alright!"

The general of area 57 nodded his head!

As the general of the Tianze continent, he knew what to do in the face of this calamity!

People like city Lord Liang deserved to die!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian led the members of the Dragon Palace and flew over. They immediately charged into the battlefield!

Area 51 and area 52 had never been used because of the cannonballs. Even though Wang Xian had left, the sergeant immediately bombarded them with cannonballs!

Nothing happened!

However, AO Xingmu managed to fend off the two god Lord Pinnacle Battle Pets with great difficulty!