Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2393: Another incident happened

"Kill!"

Wang Xian immediately charged into the battlefield between Ao Xingmu and the two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm. Ao Yao, who was hiding in the surroundings, was waiting for an opportunity to strike!

However, the two sea monsters seemed to have sensed something and were very alert to their surroundings!

The sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm were not fools. Ao Yao had once severely injured city Lord Liang in front of them!

"Dragon King, the members of the Dragon Palace have received a substantial increase in their combat strength. In addition, a strange demon's combat strength has now reached the peak of the Master God Realm!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui's voice was heard!

"Oh? Get that strange demon to come over and participate in the battle immediately!"

Wang Xian's face lit up as he said immediately!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

Soon, a shadow flashed behind Wang Xian!

"Dragon King, leave this sea monster to us. We will definitely kill it within three seconds!"

Ao Yaoyao's confident voice entered Wang Xian's mind!

"Alright!"

He smiled and nodded his head immediately!

"PFFT!"

The next moment, a black and white shadow flashed behind the sea monster!

"Roar!"

The sea monster raised its huge palm and slapped at Ao Yao!

"Bang!"

The sea monster blocked ao Yao's Attack!

"Pu!"

But in the next moment, an extremely strange black and white figure appeared above its head!

The figure's arm was placed on its head, and a bewitching smile appeared on its face!

A thorned dragon had an 80% to 90% chance of assassinating an existence of the same level!

However, if two thorned dragon species were to assassinate an existence of the same level at the same time, the opponent would definitely die!

"Roar! Roar!"

The other sea monster at the peak of the Master God level let out a furious roar!

However, these sea monsters were clearly given a death order by the master God level sea monster and did not dare to escape!

Next, killing the other sea monster at the peak of the master God level would be much easier.

"There are still four more to go!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Wang Xian looked at his attributes. As long as he could devour another four sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm, he would be able to increase his attributes!

"Generals of Xuan Tian, where are the sea monsters at the peak of the Master God realm that have yet to be dealt with?"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew out of the surface of the sea. His mighty voice spread to the surroundings!

"Hiss, that general Wang and the rest are so terrifying. Didn't the general of area 50 lure two sea monsters to their area just now? How did they get rid of them so quickly?"

"They are so fast. They were still entangled with area 50 just now, and now they are free again!"

Everyone who heard Wang Xian's words had a look of surprise on their faces. However, soon after, a smile appeared on their faces!

The stronger general Wang was, the better it would be for them!

"Good, good. General Wang, area 59 needs reinforcements. Haha!"

Commander Xuan's voice was heard from area 59!

"I'll be there soon!"

Wang Xian moved his body and teleported to area 59 instantly!

"That's great. If Wang Xian can free commander Xuan and the rest of the people from area 59, the situation will basically be stabilized!"

In the main command room, the highest commander clenched his fists. His face revealed an extremely excited voice!

"What terrifying strength. It will be very difficult to kill him without the help of the Godly King!"

In the 50th region, the commander of Sky City frowned with a complicated expression on his face!

The enmity between Sky City and the other party had been completely formed!

Now that the other party was strong, it would be very beneficial to the humans. However, it would definitely be a big trouble for Sky City in the future!

In just a month, two peak-stage godly master experts had died at the other party's hands, and there were also many godly master experts!

Just now, the Dragon Palace Army had killed 700 to 800 eternal divine lords!

"He must die. Let the patriarch do it. If the patriarch knows about such an enemy, he will do it himself!"

"And maybe, the patriarch can get information about the formation from him!"

A determined look appeared in the eyes of the commander of Sky City!

He had already made up his mind to kill Wang Xian in the shortest time possible!

"Hahaha, brother Wang Xian is here!"

At area 59, when Commander Xuan saw Wang Xian flying over, a smile appeared on his face!

"Let's kill these three beasts first!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the battlefield and said with a smile!

There were four sea monsters at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm in area 59. One of them was killed by Commander Xuan!

There were three more. He could still deal with three of them by himself with ease!

An array master could fight above his level. The more arrays he had, the stronger he would be!

The experts from the Xuan Tian territory had yet to achieve the ability to fight above his level. However, as the strongest expert below Xuan Tianzi in the Xuan Tian territory, it would not be a problem for him to deal with three to four of the same level!

Commander Xuan's strength was one of the strongest existences below the master God level in the entire Tianze continent!

"Three of them! Soon! Soon!"

Wang Xian saw the three sea monsters at the peak of the Master God realm on the battlefield and rushed over in an instant!

Commander Xuan, who was already at a disadvantage, had it much easier with Wang Xian's help!

Under the continuous attacks of the two thorned dragon species, the three sea monsters at the peak of the Master God realm were all killed in less than five minutes!

"Good, good, good!"

Commander Xuan's gaze swept across Ao Yao and the rest. His eyes revealed a look of shock as he laughed out loud and said the three words 'good'!

"Haha, good, good, the humans will definitely win. Commander Xuan invites you to the 63rd Region!"

At this moment, the Supreme Commander's voice also rang out, and his face was filled with excitement as he laughed loudly!

At this moment, he had already seen the hope of victory!

When everyone on the guardian wall heard the Supreme Commander's words, their hearts also relaxed!

Some people could not help but reveal smiles of having survived a disaster!

"Dragon King, something has happened at the bottom of the sea. A large number of level eight sea monsters have rushed out. Among them, there are sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Lord Level!"

However, at this moment, ao Xingmu's voice suddenly rang out!

"Huh?"

At this moment, Wang Xian was still in the sea and had just devoured the corpses of three peak of the Eternal Lord Level Sea Monsters. When he heard ao Xingmu's voice transmission, he was slightly shocked!

He immediately looked at the bottom of the ocean below him!

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang five elements penetrated through the layers of seawater. Very soon, he realized that thousands of sea monsters were charging at him from below!

Thousands of sea monsters were nothing compared to the Sea Monsters Army!

However, every single one of them exuded a strength that was no less than the eighth level of the Eternal Divine Lord Realm!

"Oh no, it's those sea monsters that are devouring the Netherworld Sea Monsters at the bottom of the sea. Something Big has happened!"

Wang Xian's expression changed. Not long ago, when he entered the bottom of the sea, he discovered that these young sea monsters that were devouring the Netherworld Sea Monsters at the level eight of the Eternal Lord were devouring the corpses!

"How can they grow so fast? How is this possible!"

Wang Xian had a bad premonition in his heart!

"Everyone, be careful. There are a large number of level eight sea monsters at the bottom of the sea. Among them, there are some at the peak of the Master God Realm!"

Wang Xian immediately rushed out of the water and shouted at everyone!

His voice instantly spread to everyone on the wall of protection!

"What?"

At this moment, everyone's expression changed drastically. No one doubted that Wang Xian's words were fake!

"The bottom of the sea. There is a huge crisis coming out from the bottom of the sea!"

One by one, the experts looked towards the bottom of the sea. Very soon, they could feel waves of barbaric aura rushing towards them!