Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2394: 2394 stirred up trouble again

"Everyone, be careful. Retreat to the wall of protection!"

In the main command room, the supreme commander's expression changed drastically when he heard Wang Xian and the rest of the generals'words. He immediately made a decision!

"Retreat! Retreat!"

The experts immediately gave the order!

"Hualala!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

However, in front of the wall of protection, many people were fighting against the sea monsters. There was no way for them to escape!

One by one, pitch-black, irregular-shaped sea monsters rushed out from the bottom of the sea like mud, directly attacking one person after another!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Along with them, there were many peak god Lord Level Sea Monsters!

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"Oh no, a powerful sea monster has rushed out!"

"Another peak god Lord level sea monster has appeared in area 45, requesting reinforcements!"

In an instant, the entire area ahead was in complete chaos. Many experts were instantly killed by the sea monsters that charged out!

Even if there were a few hundred sea monsters of the lowest rank of eternal God Lord, it would still be a terrifying number!

Moreover, there was also a peak god Lord Sea Monster appearing!

"Defend, defend with all your might!"

The Highest Commander in the main command room saw the scene in front of him. His eyes instantly turned blood-red as he shouted sternly!

"A peak god Lord Sea Monster has appeared in zone 33. Requesting reinforcements!"

"Not good. More than 700 god Lord rank eight sea monsters have appeared in zone 25. Requesting reinforcements!"

"A large number of god Lord rank eight sea monsters have appeared in zone 40. We can't hold them off!"

...

Cries for help were heard from the generals of the various zones!

The sudden appearance of the swallowing netherworld sea monster had instantly caused the deaths of millions of people!

70% of the area of the wall of protection was in danger!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

When Wang Xian noticed that there was a problem at the bottom of the sea, he immediately teleported to area 51-52!

As soon as he arrived, Wang Xian saw ao Xingmu fighting against two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!

There were more than a thousand master God level eight sea monsters around him!

There were also many more members of the Dragon Palace where the Dragon Palace was guarding!

"Dragon King, the situation is critical. I will order the 5,000 master God Realm members to join the battle immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui's voice was heard!

These 5,000 members of the Dragon Palace were the experts trained in the past ten days!

Each of them had the combat strength of an eternal master God and above!

Even so, it was still very difficult to deal with over 1,000 master God Realm Level Eight Sea Monsters!

If not for a few level nine sea monsters, the Dragon Palace would have suffered heavy losses!

This was the case even with the Dragon Palace's strength, not to mention other places!

"Let's kill the two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm First!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the two sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm. His eyes shone brightly!

"Ao Yao, lock onto one and kill it first!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and immediately locked onto one of the sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!

He only lacked one now. He only needed the last sea monster at the peak of the Master God Realm to upgrade himself!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Wang Xian rushed over. Ao Yao and the rest immediately carried out an assassination!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian could not help but let out a roar when he saw the sea monster that was severely injured and on the verge of death!

His head turned into a dragon's head and headed straight for the sea monster to devour it!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The sea monster at the peak of the Master God level entered his body and turned into an extremely dense dragon energy. An incomparably majestic aura burst out from his body instantly!

The bodies of all the sea monsters in the surroundings trembled slightly. Their eyes were filled with horror!

Wang Xian closed his eyes slightly and a phantom of a Divine Dragon appeared around him!

The Phantom of the Divine Dragon was 10,000 meters long and every dragon scale was vivid and lifelike!

The seven-colored divine dragon circled around his body and entered his mouth directly!

Buzz

Wang Xian opened his eyes abruptly and seven-colored scales appeared around his body!

These were the material scales formed from the laws of seven attributes!

The Eternal Lord had comprehended laws and this law was mixed in the attributes!

As for the Eternal God King, he made the laws materialize. The purer the laws were, the stronger the attack power was!

The fire attribute law fire could materialize directly and could burn for hundreds of millions of years!

The god King realm was the process of materializing the laws!

And if the god King wanted to improve further, he needed to comprehend his own laws and supernatural powers!

This was not something that Wang Xian could deal with at the moment!

Wang Xian's current realm was only level five of the Eternal Celestial Master. The reason why he could have a combat strength that was comparable to level one of the Immortal Celestial Master was because the seven attributes were compressed together and the laws were materialized!

As long as he used his strength, the laws would be condensed around him. His entire being was incomparably vast!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal Divine Lord Level 5(Divine Dragon Transformation Level 6)

Origin: 44/10,000

Supernatural ability: rule the water tribe (rule the water tribe below one's level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 5)

Kingdom of God: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 7.

Member of Dragon Palace: 166,693

After taking a glance at his attributes, Wang Xian revealed a faint smile. He had finally taken this step!

The current him was no longer a weakling in the entire greater world!

Whoosh

Wang Xian looked at the thousands of level eight sea monsters and a sea monster at the peak of the Master God realm in front of him and waved his arm!

A dazzling seven-colored ray of light swept across the area in front of him and instantly covered more than 10,000 kilometers!

"Bang!"

With just one strike, he killed all the sea monsters within a radius of more than 10,000 kilometers!

Level-eight sea monsters that were at the peak of the Master God level and the Eternal Master God Level!

His footsteps were light. He directly stepped to the right and activated the laws under his feet. Immediately, he was 10,000 kilometers away!

Crash

With a wave of his arm, he covered another 10,000 kilometers!

Wang Xian moved step by step. It took less than two minutes for him to cover more than 800,000 kilometers!

In just two minutes, more than a billion sea monsters had died at his hands!

"Warning! Warning! Everyone, return to the wall of protection. Immediately!"

"We are about to activate the defensive formation set up by Prince Xuan Tianzi. Everyone, return immediately!"

At this moment, the voice of the Supreme Commander rang out! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Everyone's face sank when they heard this order, and their eyes revealed a look of horror!

The final defensive formation was set up by son of God Xuan Tianzi!

Once the formation was activated, it meant that this was the final line of Defense!

Once it was broken through, what awaited the humans was death!

However, at this time, 70% of the regions had suffered heavy damage, and there were even many peak god Lord experts who had fallen!

The humans could no longer hold on!

Now, they could only fight for the last bit of time to find a solution!

Or, they could wait for the return of the god King to kill this group of Sea Monsters!

The third calamity of the Tian Ze continent might completely erupt!