Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2395: 2395, general Wang in exchange for reinforcements

"Huh?"

At the bottom of the sea in front of Area 51 and 52, Wang Xian heard the voice of the highest commander. He frowned slightly!

His body moved and he immediately stood on the surface of the sea!

Buzz! Buzz

Just as he was about to speak, layers of solid laws were flashing on the wall of protection behind him!

"General Wang, come back quickly. Humans can pass through the formation!"

At the position of the wall of protection, Ling Chenyan shouted loudly when she saw Wang Xian standing on the surface of the sea!

Wang Xian took a glance at the positions on both sides. The increase in his strength had greatly increased his vision! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Everyone tried their best to escape into the wall of protection. One by one, the sea monsters charged towards the wall of protection and were immediately blocked by the solid laws!

"All human generals, masters of level eight and above, come to the main command room to discuss the battle situation!"

"All human generals, god Lord Level 8 and above, come to the main command room to discuss the battle situation!"

At this moment, a mechanical voice sounded in every area, causing the faces of all the powerhouses to sink slightly!

"Prime Minister Gui, bring some members of the Dragon Palace to the wall of protection!"

Wang Xian also heard this voice. He hesitated for a moment and decided not to go over!

Now that he had just leveled up to the immortal king level, there were so many powerful sea monsters around him. Naturally, he had to hunt them down!

Not to mention leveling up himself, he had to at least let one member of the Dragon Palace possess the combat strength of an immortal King!

With the combat strength of the two immortal kings of the Dragon Palace, it would be much easier to deal with the city in the sky!

Other than that, it would be best if he could also upgrade some of the peak experts of the Dragon Palace!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest nodded and led the members of the Dragon Palace to the top of the wall of protection!

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace immediately entered the Dragon Palace!

"Ao Xingmu, enter the Dragon Pool of the Dragon Palace and prepare to be promoted again. You will have the combat strength of an immortal King!"

Wang Xian looked at Ao Xingmu and said immediately!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Xingmu nodded his head!

Just now, Wang Xian had killed more than a billion sea monsters. Among them, there were more than a thousand level-eight eternal celestial master and one peak-stage Celestial Master!

With these resources added together, Wang Xian only needed to kill another four or five peak-stage Celestial Master Sea Monsters to upgrade AO XINGMU!

The upgrade of the members of the Dragon Palace required more resources than Wang Xian!

"Ao Yao, follow me!"

Wang Xian said as he looked towards the 53rd region on the right!

At the 53rd region, everyone had retreated to the wall of protection!

Due to the protection of the King of God's formation, all the soldiers had collapsed on the wall of protection!

In the 53rd region, at least hundreds of millions of sea monsters had gathered in front of the wall of protection and were attacking non-stop!

Especially at the front, 500 to 600 Master God Level Eight Devouring Netherworld sea monsters were slapping their bodies!

There was also a master God level pinnacle sea monster among them!

Laws revolved around Wang Xian's body and he instantly arrived at the bottom of the 53rd region's Sea!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Wang Xian spread his arms and seven-colored laws attacked the master God Level Pinnacle Sea Monster and 500 to 600 Devouring Netherworld Sea Monsters!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In an instant, the faces of the powerful sea monsters were filled with terrified roars!

Wang Xian pulled gently, causing all the sea monsters to enter the position at the bottom of the sea!

Following that, in the sea in front of area 53, the sea monsters entered the sea and disappeared quickly!

"Eh? What happened? Why did the sea monsters in front of us disappear? Did they dive to the bottom of the sea? Are these sea monsters up to something?"

In area 53, some people noticed the situation in front of them and were filled with curiosity!

"There are so many swallowing netherworld sea monsters. There are 500 to 600 of them in one area. There are more than 70 areas in total. Doesn't that mean there are more than 40,000 of them?"

"More than 40,000 level 8 eternal God Lord Sea Monsters!"

At this moment, at the bottom of the sea, Wang Xian was flying rapidly towards area 54!

The number of level eight sea monsters was so many that it shocked Wang Xian!

However, such a number also surprised Wang Xian. He only needed to clear two or three more regions to enable ao Xingmu to possess the strength of an immortal King!

In addition, as long as he killed a few more regions, the strength of the other disciples of the Dragon Palace would receive a terrifying increase!

"This calamity is a huge opportunity for the Dragon Palace!"

A smile appeared on his face as he flew swiftly to the right!

While Wang Xian was hunting crazily, more than 2,000 experts were gathered in the main command room!

The weakest one among them was at level eight of the Eternal Lord!

With such strength, he could be considered as the core of the humans in the Tianze continent!

There were more than 2,000 rank 8 god lords and above, but there were not many of them. Over the past ten days of battle, at least 700 to 800 top-tier experts had fallen!

At this moment, the command center was in a Panic!

The scene on the screen of the command center revealed extremely ugly expressions!

In every region, there were at least 500 to 600 rank 8 god Lords and at least one peak god Lord expert. In most places, there were two or even three of them!

Compared to the strength of the sea monsters, the strength of humans was simply overwhelming!

At this time, the humans could no longer resist!

"What's the situation with the four God Kings? In this situation, only the god Kings can come and help, otherwise..."

An expert could not help but ask!

"The defense of the wall of protection can last for one and a half days. In this one and a half days, we have to find a way to survive. Otherwise, if this place is lost, the humans will enter the dark era!"

"I have already contacted the godly monarchs. The four godly monarchs have yet to reply!"

The highest commander stood at the front and said in a deep voice!

"Then what do we do now? What about our Tianze continent!"

A general frowned and asked!

Once this place was lost, the humans would become food for the sea monsters. At that time, tens of billions or even hundreds of billions of people would face death!

"That's right, we have already lost hundreds of millions of people, and more than a dozen peak god Lord experts have died!"

A general quickly echoed!

Everyone seemed to be shrouded in a haze, and a hint of despair flashed in their eyes!

"There are only two ways now. Our God King has received a report that we can come and deal with the Sea Monsters!"

"The other thing is that we can find other planet experts to help us get through this difficult situation!"

The Highest Commander's face was heavy as he looked at everyone and sighed in his heart!

"There are too many uncertainties with the god Emperor, let's see if we can find support!"

A general from the federation frowned and asked!

"Can't Your Federation do it? Commander, isn't your son in the heavenly law sect, he was even taken in as a disciple by the god Emperor!"

A general from the sword domain looked at the commander and asked!

"We've already requested for reinforcements, but the heavenly law sect god Emperor wants to know if the undying sea monsters will participate!"

"Also, can we take out resources that the undying God Emperor is willing to take out!"

"After all, we have over a dozen sea monsters in the Tian Ze continent!"

The Highest Commander said helplessly!