Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2396: 2396 used general Wang to exchange for support

The Sea Monsters of the Tian Ze continent weren't weak!

Asking for support from other planets, even offering rewards, one first had to know the level and number of sea monsters one had to fight!

Secondly, one had to offer a price that would tempt the Undying Emperor!

Even asking for support from the Tian Fa men of the star source planet was the same!

The Heavenly Law sect also knew the strength of the undersea sea monsters in the Tian Ze continent, there were over a dozen undying Emperor Sea Monsters!

How many undying Emperor Sea Monsters were involved in this calamity?

What if one or two undying emperors from the heavenly law sect came and were attacked by the Undersea Undying Emperor Sea Monsters?

The heavenly law sect would not let the Undying Emperor take the risk, after all, every undying emperor was extremely precious!

Other than that, to ask the heavenly law sect for reinforcements, it would require at least four god Emperors to speak up!

God Emperor vs God Emperor, if others asked for reinforcements, the other side would not even care about you!

The entire commander room's atmosphere was heavy, everyone's expressions were extremely ugly!

They had reached the most critical juncture of the Tian Ze continent, it was related to the survival of the entire Tian Ze continent!

At the rear, the entire heaven's selection continent was aware of the news at the front line!

Everyone was standing in the open space or floating in the sky, nervously looking in the direction of the wall of protection!

Once this place was lost, the entire Heaven Lake Continent would definitely be in turmoil!

"Can you contact the higher-ups of the Heaven Beast Corporation?"

In the front of the command center, the eyes of the commander of Sky City were shining. He suddenly looked at an old man at the side and transmitted his voice!

The old man was a level nine eternal God Lord, and his strength was not weak!

"Commander Duan, our divine pet pavilion only has the contact information of a peak God Lord from the Heaven Beast Group, but they won't come to help us!"

The old man was slightly stunned, and then he said bitterly!

"Tell them, if we take out the array formation that can trap the eternal God Lord, are they willing to help us?"

A hint of coldness flashed in commander Duan's eyes, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"HMM?"

The old man was slightly startled, and his eyes shone!

As a high-ranking member of the Pet God Pavilion, he also knew a little about general Wang's matter!

After all, the Master of the Pet God Pavilion had died at the hands of general Wang!

"Yes, I'll contact him immediately. If we really use general Wang's formation to exchange for it, the other party has an 80% chance of not rejecting it!"

The old man said with some certainty!

After all, that kind of formation had only been heard of in the greater world by the Witch Formation Association and one or two top-tier factions!

For a faction that sold war pets, the value of this kind of formation was immeasurable!

"HMM? Commander Duan, have you thought of a way?"

The Sword Master from the northern region across them frowned and asked when he saw their small actions!

"We're trying to contact them. I don't know if we can succeed!"

Commander Duan scanned his surroundings and said, "I feel that there's an 80% chance, but there must be sacrifices!"

"80% ? Commander Duan, are you for real? Is there really an 80% chance?"

"Sacrifices? Even if there are sacrifices, can we sacrifice hundreds of billions of people? We can withstand a little bit of sacrifice!"

When the surrounding experts heard his words, their eyes revealed an incomparably fervent expression as they excitedly said!

"Commander Duan, there's really a way. Sacrificing some is nothing!"

The Supreme Commander's expression also changed slightly as he immediately spoke! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Let's wait for the news!"

Commander Duan revealed a trace of a smile on his face as he spoke indifferently!

Everyone's breathing became slightly hurried as their gazes stared fixedly at the old man from the God Pet Pavilion. Their faces were filled with anticipation!

Seconds and minutes passed by!

"News has arrived. Commander Duan, the other party has agreed!"

"The other party said that if it's true, they are willing to send the godly monarch to help us tide over this crisis!"

After a full hour of silence, the old man from the Pet God Pavilion spoke with an excited expression!

"Good, good, good, hahaha!"

Commander Duan was also filled with joy and could not help but laugh out loud!

"We found support? Who's coming to support us?"

"Commander Duan, who's coming to support us?"

At this moment, the more than 2,000 experts around him were also looking at him with excitement. Their eyes were filled with eagerness!

"Everyone should be clear about the strength of the Heaven Beast Corporation that we are seeking help from!"

Commander Duan scanned his surroundings and didn't hide anything. This matter was originally a plot against Wang Xian!

"The Heaven Beast Corporation? Why would the Heaven Beast Corporation help us? We have no connection with them at all!"

The supreme commander frowned and asked in puzzlement!

The rest of them were also astonished!

"We have no connection with them in the natural selection continent, and they wouldn't help us for no reason. However, we have something here in the Tianze continent that can tempt the entire Heaven Beast Corporation!"

Commander Duan revealed a faint smile!

"What is it? At this time, Commander Duan, please speak quickly!"

A general couldn't help but urge!

"An array formation, an array formation that can trap eternal God Lord powerhouses. If the Heaven Beast Corporation can obtain this array formation, they are willing to send immortal God kings to assist!"

Commander Duan said!

"Oh? Our mysterious sky territory doesn't have such an array formation!"

Commander Xuan immediately frowned and said when he heard his words!

The array formation of the Heavenly Lake Continent naturally depended on the mysterious sky territory!

"I know that the mysterious sky territory doesn't have such an array formation, but general Wang does. The reason why he can capture so many battle pets is because of this array formation!"

"This point, our sky city can be 100% sure!"

Commander Duan said coldly!

"Oh? You mean to ask general Wang to hand over this formation?"

"I don't agree on this point!"

Commander Xuan frowned and immediately refused!

"We have all witnessed general Wang's meritorious service just now. He is not from our Tianze continent to begin with, and he could fight for our Tianze continent. Now, he wants to burn the bridge after crossing the river? Such a despicable act, our mysterious sky territory can't do it!"

General Xuan Zhen also rejected with a cold expression!

"Now, it is not a matter of despicable acts. It is the life and death of the entire human race in the Tianze continent. Someone has to be sacrificed. It is just as well that general Wang is not from our Tianze continent!"

"What? When it comes to the life and death of our Tianze continent, do you still care about such a Little Act?"

"Also, we are not taking general Wang's life. We just want some things. There is no loss for him!"

Commander Duan coldly retorted when he heard Commander Xuan's words!

"As long as we can save the Tianze continent, we have to do it by hook or by crook. This time, even if we really want general Wang's life, we have to do it. I support Commander Duan!"

Over at the Northern Region, the Northern Region Sword Master immediately said!

"That's right. is a formation more important, or is the life of the entire Tianze continent more important? So what if we burn the bridge after crossing the river and save the hundreds of billions of people of our Tianze Continent?"

The experts of Sky City also spoke up one after another!