Chapter 2397: 2397 Dragon King! Godly King! 1

Commander Duan of Sky City's plan was to get general Wang to hand over the array formation that could trap the eternal God Lord in exchange for the support of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

Many people did not have any objections. On the contrary, this was the best choice for the Heaven Lake Continent! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It was just a single array formation. Many people from the sword domain and the federation were in favor of it!

However, many people from the Xuan Heaven Domain and the land of combat arts frowned. Their expressions were ugly!

Needless to say, the relationship between Wang Xian and the Xuan Heaven Domain!

Needless to say, the relationship between Wang Xian and the land of Combat Arts was unbeatable!

Unbeatable Combat Arts was the future of their aristocratic families of combat arts!

Although this plan was a better one, they didn't agree with it very much!

"General Wang is a hero of our Tian Ze continent after all. Without him, we might not have been able to last until now!"

"Such behavior is a bit too much. Our invincible battle technique in the land of battle techniques has been accepted as a disciple by the Overlord sect leader. We can try to ask for the Overlord Sect's support!"

The clan elder of the land of battle techniques took two steps forward and said indifferently!

"HMM?"

Commander Duan frowned slightly when he heard his words and saw the clan elder of the war strategy land walking out!

"Elder of the war strategy land, we don't have much time left. Are you sure that the Overlord sect will come to support us?"

Commander Duan immediately asked!

"Elder of the war strategy land, it would be even better if the Overlord sect could help us!"

The Supreme Commander also said at this moment!

"Currently, we haven't contacted invincible. We're not too sure!"

The elder of battle tactics clan shook his head slightly!

In fact, they couldn't contact invincible battle tactics during this period of time!

Invincible battle tactics had also told his parents not long ago that his master had asked him to go into seclusion!

Perhaps if they were given some time, they could contact the other members of Overlord clan and inform invincible battle tactics!

But now, the time was too short. They only had a little more than a day!

Moreover, being able to contact them was one thing, but whether the Overlord sect agreed or not was another matter!

"Right now, we don't have so much time to continue waiting. If everyone doesn't have any other methods, then do as I say!"

The corners of Commander Duan's mouth curled up slightly as he made a faint decision!

The Supreme Commander's expression changed as he slowly sat down!

He wasn't inclined to let general Wang exchange the formation for reinforcements, but was there a better method now?

If there wasn't, as the Supreme Commander of humanity, he still had these 100 billion people behind him!

He had to agree to this method!

"Buzz!"

Right at this moment, a halo in front of him trembled, and a phantom appeared in the room!

Upon seeing this phantom, everyone's expression changed, immediately revealing a respectful expression!

"Greetings Sky God Emperor!"

All the experts hurriedly bowed!

"The situation in the depths of the ocean is critical. Xuan Tian Zi God Emperor is fighting four undying god King Sea Monsters alone, and the three of us are fighting one each. We have no time to care about the wall of protection!"

The moment the virtual image appeared, he immediately spoke up!

As the virtual image spoke, it was fluctuating continuously as if it could disappear at any moment!

"Celestial King, we have a way to get the Celestial King of the Heaven Beast Corporation to come over and assist us. We can get that Wang Xian to hand over the array formation that trapped the eternal God Lord. The Heaven Beast Corporation has also agreed to it!"

Commander Duan immediately spoke up!

"Oh? Alright, get that Wang Xian to hand over the array formation immediately. We will keep a portion for ourselves. If he does not agree, we will kill him directly!"

The Sky Celestial King had some understanding of Wang Xian's matter. When he heard the report from his subordinates, he did not hesitate at all and immediately gave the order!

"Yes!"

Commander Duan immediately replied!

"Peng!"

As soon as he finished his words, the phantom exploded. Clearly, the sky celestial king was in a situation where he could not even control a single phantom!

"Damn it, there are actually seven immortal King Sea Monsters working together. where is that Wang Xian now? Why isn't he here!"

"Immediately capture that Wang Xian and get him to hand over that array formation. Otherwise, our Tian Ze continent will really be finished!"

The Phantom of the Celestial King in the Sky exploded. Many experts shouted with anxious faces!

Seven Immortal King Sea Monsters actually attacked humans at the same time. This was the largest number of immortal King Sea Monsters in history!

At the same time, everyone was extremely shocked that Xuan Tianzi could fight four against one!

"Everyone, general Wang is a member of our mysterious sky territory. He has a good relationship with our patriarch. Not everyone can touch him!"

When Xuan Zhenshou heard the surrounding words, he immediately said with a cold expression!

"General of the mysterious sky territory, do you still want to protect general Wang at a time like this? Lord Xuan Tianzi was attacked by four undying godly monarch sea monsters at the same time!"

A general of the sword territory immediately said!

"Regarding the array formation, our people of the mysterious sky territory will speak to general Wang!"

Commander Xuan said coldly as he swept his gaze across everyone. "Does anyone have any objections?"

The experts from the other factions opened their mouths slightly but did not say a word!

After all, Sky Godly monarch had said that Xuan Tianzi was fighting four against one. This was also a faction of the mysterious Sky Territory!

"We naturally have no problems with it, but general Wang is not someone from our Heavenly Lake Continent after all!"

Commander Duan said indifferently!

"As long as you do not attack him, he will naturally fight alongside our Heavenly Lake Continent!"

Commander Xuan said coldly as he looked at the Mystic Guardian general and the others. "Let's Go!"

With that said, he flew straight out in the direction of Area 51!

"HMPH!"

Commander Duan snorted coldly as he grabbed with his palm!

"Let's follow him. The other party is not from the Tianze continent. We can't let him escape. If the other party really wants to escape..."

He did not speak, but everyone understood what he meant!

"The Tianze continent is on the brink of life and death. Even if some people are sacrificed, Xuan tianzi divine king will not say anything!"

Sword domain swordmaster echoed as he swept his gaze across the surrounding experts!

Other than the experts from the combat techniques aristocratic clan who did not nod their heads, the other experts also agreed!

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

"What are we experts going to do? Have we found a way to survive?"

More than two thousand experts flew out from the main command room. Everyone on the protective wall looked over with faces full of hope!

"Prime Minister Gui, Where's general Wang?"

At District 51, Commander Xuan and the rest were the first to arrive. They scanned their surroundings and asked with a frown!

"Commander Xuan, Our Dragon King is still in the ocean. What's the matter?"

Prime Minister Gui looked at them and saw a group of experts flying over from behind. He asked in puzzlement!

"I have some matters to discuss with general Wang. Can you call him general Wang?"

Commander Xuan Sighed and said!

"Sure!"

Prime Minister Gui's eyes flickered. He immediately sent a voice transmission to Wang Xian!

At this moment, at the location of area 57, Wang Xian was killing sea monsters at a rapid speed!

When he heard Prime Minister Gui's voice transmission, he was slightly stunned!

"What's going on? All the experts are looking for me?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. Without any hesitation, he flew toward District 51!

Now, AO xingmu had gathered all the resources to upgrade. Furthermore, there were still many resources that could help the members of the Dragon Palace to improve tremendously!