Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2398: 2398 Dragon King! Godly King! 2

"All the sea monsters around Area 51 have disappeared. Are these sea monsters doing something else?"

"It's very possible. If all the powerful sea monsters gathered in one place to attack, the time taken to block the formation would be much shorter!"

When more than 2,000 experts arrived at Area 51, they frowned when they saw that the surroundings were somewhat calm!

The sudden appearance of a group of powerful sea monsters from the bottom of the sea was completely out of their expectations!

It was not impossible for the sea monsters to gather and attack together!

Once the sea monsters gathered together, the protective formation might not even be able to last for a day!

"Reinforcements must arrive within 10 hours or else we will be in big trouble!"

The experts looked at each other worriedly!

"Where did general Wang Go?"

An expert couldn't help but ask!

"Our Dragon King will be here soon!"

Prime Minister Gui glanced at that expert and said indifferently!

"Commander Duan, we must make preparations first. We can't let him escape directly!"

At the front, the swordmaster of the Sword Domain, the supreme commander, the elders of the land of combat arts, Commander Xuan, Commander Duan, and the others were at the front!

The sword domain swordmaster glanced at Commander Duan and transmitted his voice indifferently!

"Don't Worry!"

Commander Duan moved his palm confidently. A ring flashed and disappeared!

The sword domain swordmaster smiled and nodded his head!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian's figure appeared!

His gaze swept across everyone and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Commander Xuan, May I know why so many people have come to look for me?"

Wang Xian moved and arrived in front of Commander Xuan and the rest!

"General Wang, there are indeed some matters. This..."

Buzz

Commander Xuan revealed an embarrassed expression as he spoke!

However, before he could finish his sentence, a confinement circle appeared above Wang Xian's head in an instant. It was emitting the light of confinement!

"Huh?"

Commander Xuan's expression changed as he looked to the side coldly!

Wang Xian also raised his eyebrows and looked at the confinement circle above his head. His eyes were sparkling as they landed on the commander of the city in the sky!

"General Wang, we have offended you. We have no choice but to do so!"

At this moment, the Sword Master of the sword domain gestured to the people behind him. In an instant, he appeared behind Wang Xian and completely surrounded him!

Ten Peak Master of God level experts and hundreds of master of God level eight and above experts were locked onto Wang Xian!

"City in the sky, sword domain, what are you guys trying to do?"

Commander Xuan growled with a gloomy face!

The soldiers of the Xuan Heaven Domain also stared at them coldly! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Commander Xuan, let's talk about this. We are also doing this for the humans of the Tianze continent. Furthermore, we didn't make a move!"

Commander Duan said with a smile. He looked at Wang Xian and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Oh, just say what you have to say!"

Wang Xian smiled as he swept his gaze across the sword domain and the people from Sky City!

"Today, the Tian Ze continent has encountered the greatest crisis in history. Seven immortal godly monarchs are fighting against four godly monarchs!"

"Lord Xuan Tianzi is fighting against four godly monarchs at the same time and is in danger. Now, our land is about to be breached. Now, we have to ask for reinforcements from other forces!"

"And if we want to ask for reinforcements from other divine kings, we have to make some sacrifices. For the sake of the hundreds of billions of people in the Tianze continent, what's a little sacrifice?"

"Of course, general Wang, you don't have to worry. We are not asking you to sacrifice yourself, but we want an array formation in your hands. You should be clear about this array formation, general Wang!"

Commander Duan said with a smile!

"General Wang, for the sake of the entire human race in the Tianze continent, please hand over the formation. We will naturally be grateful to you!"

The sword realm swordmaster echoed indifferently from the side!

"Hehe, city in the sky, you guys are really willing to do anything to obtain this formation. I have already killed two peak-stage godly state experts in your city in the sky. Why are you still thinking about this formation now?"

Wang Xian looked at Commander Duan and said with a smile!

"What!"

"There's such a Thing?"

When the surrounding experts heard Wang Xian's words, they were stunned!

However, when they recalled what happened not long ago, some of the experts had some guesses in their hearts!

"General Wang, this time, the formation is not for us, but for the Heaven Beast Corporation. After the formation is given to them, the Heaven Beast Corporation is willing to send the immortal godly king to support us!"

"I hope general Wang Can Make a sacrifice to save our Tianze continent. Everyone in the Tianze continent will be grateful to you!"

Commander Duan stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression and said!

"Hehe, why don't you guys sacrifice yourselves then? I'm not from the Tianze continent. It's enough for me to do this!"

Wang Xian was still smiling as he spoke to him!

"General Wang, please don't force us. If saving the Tianze continent requires us to sacrifice ourselves, we will definitely not frown. However, the one who can save the Tianze continent now is the formation in general Wang's hands!"

"If general Wang doesn't agree, we will do something overboard for the sake of the entire Tianze continent. However, all of this is for the sake of the humans of the Tianze continent!"

Commander Duan raised his head slightly and said coldly!

"Commander Duan is right. General Wang, it's just a formation. Our Tianze continent will give you some compensation!"

The swordmaster of the Sword Domain chimed in from the side!

"General Wang, there's nothing we can do!"

A group of people from the sword domain and the city in the sky stared at Wang Xian and followed suit!

"Hahaha, Commander Duan sure knows how to talk. If you are willing to sacrifice yourself to save the Tianze continent, and this sword master from the sword domain, I will give you a chance to commit suicide immediately. I will take out the formation immediately!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across them as he laughed out loud!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian's words stunned commander Duan and the Sword Master from the Sword Domain. Their expressions changed slightly!

The rest of the experts were stunned as well!

They never expected Wang Xian to say such words!

"What? "I'm not from your Tianze continent. It's already good enough for me to help you guard it. Now that I've taken out a treasure that can save the Tianze continent, you guys are willing to sacrifice yourself just now. In that case, you guys can sacrifice yourselves for the Tianze continent!"

Wang Xian stared at the two of them with a mocking expression!

"That's fine. After all, general Wang has already made such a great contribution to the Tianze continent. Commander Duan and the Sword Master have also agreed. Killing two birds with one stone!"

When Commander Xuan heard Wang Xian's suggestion, he naturally had no objections!

"Hehe, I have no objections either. After this calamity, Commander Duan and the Sword Master will be the great heroes of the entire human race in the Tianze Continent!"

The elders of the land of combat nodded in agreement!

The Supreme Commander's expression changed when he saw this situation. He looked at Commander Duan and Swordmaster!