Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2399: 2399 Dragon King! Godly King! 3

The atmosphere in zone 51 of the wall of protection was a little strange!

Commander Duan of Sky City, sword domain, and sword master said that if they could save the entire human race, they were willing to sacrifice themselves!

However, now that general Wang said that they were committing suicide, I'll take out the array formation directly!

This...

It was completely putting Commander Duan and Sword Master on Fire!

Especially the experts from the Xuan Heaven Domain, the place of battle techniques, who were staring at the two of them mockingly!

"You... Wang Xian, don't go overboard. Now, as long as you take out the formation, you will be able to save the Tianze continent. You are deliberately trying to kill us!"

Commander Duan saw the gazes around him and his expression changed drastically. He glared at Wang Xian coldly and shouted!

"General Wang, are you trying to kill us on Purpose?"

The swordmaster was also embarrassed as he stared at Wang Xian with a sinister look!

"What? Didn't you say that you are willing to sacrifice yourselves for the sake of the Tianze continent? You should sacrifice yourselves now. In the future, the entire Tianze continent will know that you are the heroes of mankind and will be remembered forever!"

Wang Xian looked at the two of them indifferently and said with a smile!

"General Wang, don't go overboard. You are deliberately trying to kill our swordmaster. Hand over the formation immediately. Otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite!"

"That's right. The sky god King has also said that if you don't take it out and kill us directly, I advise you to hand it over sensibly!"

The generals and experts from the sword domain and the city in the sky immediately took a step forward and stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"HMPH!"

The Sword Master's face was ice-cold. With a move of his arm, a sharp sword appeared in his hand. Waves of killing intent condensed from his body.

"Sky City, sword domain, what are you guys trying to do? !"

Commander Xuan shouted with an ice-cold face!

The atmosphere instantly froze!

"What... What Happened?"

From the surrounding positions, the sergeants looked over in shock!

There were also many experts looking over in shock!

"Everyone, let's have a good talk!"

The Supreme Commander said helplessly as he stretched out his hand!

"Sword Domain!"

Wang Xian took a glance at the swordmaster of the Sword Domain. A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes!

"Commander Xuan and the battle tactics clan, don't interfere. I have already stated the conditions. I would like to see who would disagree!"

"I would like to see if you have the right to force me to hand over the formation!"

Wang Xian then gestured to the experts from the Xuan Heaven Domain and the land of martial arts. He stared at the Sword Domain and the people from the city in the sky and said coldly!

"Hahaha, if you refuse a toast, you will be forced to drink a forfeit. Wang Xian, I think you are courting death. Alright, Alright. Then, we will fulfill your wish. Experts from the city in the sky, Get Ready!"

Commander Duan laughed out loud when he heard his words. His face was cold as he shouted out loud!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

As soon as he finished his words, a weapon appeared in the hands of all the experts of Sky City. They stared at Wang Xian with murderous intent!

"All the experts of the sword domain, get ready. I'd like to see how a Dragon Palace Army is qualified to go against us!"

The sword master growled with a murderous look on his face!

"It's the Sword Master!"

All the experts shouted and held their sharp swords in their hands!

There were more than 1,000 experts above rank 8 god Lords in the Sword Domain and Sky City!

Among them, there were 30 peak Eternal God lords!

Such experts could last five or six minutes in front of the god King!

"Sigh, this... General Wang!"

The supreme commander had a helpless look on his face when he saw this scene!

Although he was the supreme commander of the Federation, he could not waver in the decisions and actions of the sword domain and the city in the sky!

To put it bluntly, the other party could totally ignore him!

Especially now that even Wang Xian had said so, he was even less qualified to give orders!

"Brother Wang!"

Chief Xuan looked at Wang Xian with some worry and shouted!

"Very good. The city in the sky of the sword domain is courting death!"

Wang Xian shook his head at Chief Xuan and the rest. His gaze swept across the sword domain and everyone in the city in the sky. Gradually, a killing intent surged from his body!

"Hahaha, are we courting death? Then you have the right to kill us too. Wang Xian, I advise you to hand over the formation immediately so that you won't suffer!"

"But if you don't want to hand it over, we will make you talk!"

Commander Duan of the city in the sky laughed out loud as he stared at Wang Xian with disdain!

Why would they be afraid of a Wang Xian when they had 30 peak-stage divine lord experts?

Even if they were to include his entire Dragon Palace army, they wouldn't put him in their eyes at all!

"You don't know what's good for you!"

The sword master spat out these four words coldly as well!

"This... General Wang is a little impulsive. There are so many experts in the sword domain and the city in the sky. Even if the entire Dragon Palace army were to join forces, they would not be a match for them!"

"What is general Wang Thinking? This might be troublesome!"

When the experts from the Xuan Heaven Domain, the land of combat arts, and even the federation saw this scene, they frowned. They did not understand why Wang Xian insisted on fighting them!

This was a battle on a completely different level. There were too many experts from the city in the sky and the sword domain!

Even if the Dragon Palace Army joined in, they wouldn't be a match for them!

"Very good!"

Wang Xian looked at everyone from the two major forces and ignored the discussions around him. A smile appeared on his face!

"You're courting death. I'll Grant You Your Wish!"

As he spoke, his body trembled slightly. A vast and mighty aura charged towards the surroundings!

Crack! Crack! Crack

In an instant, resplendent seven-colored fragments shot out from his body!

The fragments surrounded the surroundings at a terrifying speed. In less than a second, everything within a radius of more than 10,000 kilometers was completely surrounded by the seven-colored fragments!

A seven-colored space appeared!

At this moment, Wang Xian's figure was slowly floating in the void. He stared coldly at all the experts from the city in the sky and the sword domain who were surrounding him!

At this moment, everyone could feel a terrifying pressure!

"Cough Cough Cough!"

At this moment, everyone was stunned!

They stared blankly at the vast figure floating in the sky and the dense physical laws around them! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

All the experts from the sword domain held their longswords in a daze. At this moment, their longswords were trembling!

All the experts in the city in the sky trembled. Some of them were stunned and couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

What was going on?

What the hell was going on?

"This... General Wang... This is the power of the immortal god King. This is the immortal god King's Law!"

Commander Xuan opened his mouth slightly. His face was also filled with disbelief!

They looked at the sealed space around them in disbelief. They looked at the high and mighty Wang Xian!

That was the power of the Godly King!

"Godly King, general Wang is the godly king. He is actually the immortal godly King!"

At this moment, the highest commander could not help but Exclaim!

His face was also filled with disbelief!

Who would have thought that general Wang was actually the Immortal Godly King!

Dragon King, God King!