Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2400: 2,400 dragon kings! Godly kings! 4

"What happened in Area 51? How could there be substantial laws! ?"

"Hiss, what the hell is going on? All the experts of our Tianze continent have come here. What happened! ?"

Outside the protective wall, when everyone saw the rainbow-colored law space rising up, it also attracted everyone's attention!

The surrounding areas looked at the terrifying laws, and their pupils constricted. Many Eternal God lords hesitated for a moment, then quickly flew over!

Not long ago, they had heard angry shouts from this side. Now that such a terrifying law domain had risen up, many people on the wall of protection were astonished!

"No no, this is impossible, this is an illusion array, this is an array illusion array!"

Just as the many warriors on the wall were flying over to Area 51, within the law space, commander Duan looked around in disbelief and roared loudly!

"That's right, how can an undying god Emperor break through so easily, he's obviously a pinnacle god Lord, illusion, everything is an illusion!"

Sword Domain Master roared with bloodshot eyes!

They couldn't believe what they were seeing!

How could they believe it?

Their group was going against an undying!

Even though their sky city and sword domain combined were strong, against an undying, they were nothing!

Their provocation just now was no different from sending themselves to their deaths!

"All of you are unfortunate. I have just advanced to the immortal king level. Therefore, I will use all of you to announce my advancement!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them. An incomparably terrifying dragon's might engulfed them!

"PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!"

In an instant, the faces of all the level eight masters of the Sword Domain and Sky City who were targeted instantly turned pale. Large mouthfuls of blood were spat out from their mouths!

Their faces were filled with horror and endless despair. They looked up at Wang Xian's vast body in horror!

"No, no, don't kill us. Commander, Save Us!"

"Sword Master, Save Us!"

Terrified cries for help rang out from their mouths one after another!

"Stop, stop immediately. General... General Wang, our sky celestial king has stepped into the celestial king realm for hundreds of thousands of years. If you dare to Kill Our Sky City's masters, our celestial king will not let you off!"

"Stop, Dragon King. Let's talk things out. For the sake of the sword celestial king, give us a chance!"

Commander Duan and the Sword Master of Sky City were horrified. They immediately roared loudly!

"You brought this on yourself!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept past them. His eyes were filled with disdain!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

In the next moment, all the eternal lord level eight experts died instantly!

At the same time, Wang Xian moved his arm. One by one, the seemingly corporeal law turned into a huge dragon claw and attacked all of them directly!

"Oh no!"

When everyone in the city in the sky and the sword domain saw Wang Xian's murderous intent, their faces turned pale instantly!

"Run, run, run!"

Commander Duan of the city in the sky shouted with a face full of horror!

"Weng Weng!"

Some people wanted to directly flee back to their eternal God countries, but the god-king law barriers were not something they could break!

All the experts could not even sense their eternal God countries!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

"Peng Peng Peng!"

At this time, the dragon claws attacked over a hundred peak god Lord rank nine god Lord Experts!

"Ah, don't!"

Some level 9 god Lords felt the destructive power coming from the Dragon Claw and shouted in fear!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The Dragon Claw swept over, and even the level 9 eternal God Lord was instantly killed by the terrifying power, leaving only a corpse!

"Commander, Save Us! We are the heroes of the humans of the Tianze continent!"

A general of the Sword Domain couldn't help but beg the Supreme Commander for mercy!

"This..."

The Supreme Commander opened his mouth and showed a hesitant expression!

"General Wang, Sir Godly King, they..."

The Supreme Commander opened his mouth and shouted!

"Are godly kings disgraceful?"

Wang Xian glanced at him and said indifferently!

The Supreme Commander's expression changed slightly and he shook his head!

"Dragon King, Our Godly kings of Sword and sky are veteran godly kings who have advanced for hundreds of thousands of years. If you destroy all of us today, Sir Godly King will definitely not let you off!"

"You can't afford to offend two veteran godly monarchs. Dragon King, it's our fault today. Let us off!"

The swordmaster's expression changed drastically as he roared loudly!

"Hehe, now you know that I'll let you off?"

"Everyone in sky city must die. Your Sword Domain is also courting death!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with a sinister look as he waved his dragon claws and continued to attack!

The people from the city in the sky, even if they didn't come to find trouble with him today, he would still kill them!

As for the people from the sword domain, they were simply courting death!

Just now, they had arrogantly said that they wanted to kill him, and they even dared to use their sharp swords to kill him!

If they didn't die, who would?

"Resist and resist. There are so many of us. He has just advanced to the king God realm. It's not like he's Invincible!"

Commander Duan of Sky City felt Wang Xian's determination to kill him. He roared with a crazed look on his face!

"Attack! If he dares to kill us, we, the godly monarch of swords, will avenge us!"

The swordmaster's face was also filled with embarrassment. His eyes were bloodshot as he roared!

Since the other party did not let them off, they could only give it their all!

It was not impossible for them to fight against an expert who had just advanced to the godly monarch level with their strength!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, waves of terrifying sword light and terrifying light energy attacked Wang Xian's Dragon Claw!

Gulp Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"This... are they a match for the god King?"

A general of the federation gulped and looked at the scene in front of him with a shocked expression!

The Sword Domain and all the top-tier combat powers of Sky City had joined forces to fight against a newly advanced undying God King!

The undying emperor was something they could fight against!

"Even if general Wang has just advanced to undying emperor, he's still not someone they can fight against. This time, the people from Sky City and the sword domain are courting death!"

Commander Xuan said coldly!

"They're just courting death. If we had a good discussion, there wouldn't be any problems. They had to use force. What's more, even if we don't have any solutions, and general Wang has also advanced to the Eternal God Lord Level, he alone can help us defend the wall!"

The elder of the fighting clan beside him also said indifferently!

"That's right. With general Wang around, we can defend the front line of the natural selection continent without requesting any help!"

The supreme commander also sighed slightly. He looked forward and didn't know whether he was rejoicing or furious!

At this time, the Dragon King was determined to kill all the opponents. Who Dared to stop him? Who had the strength to stop him?

The Masters of the city in the sky were finished. So were all the masters of the Sword Domain!