Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2401: 2401 Dragon King! Godly King! 5

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the nomological space of Area 51, a series of rumbling sounds could be heard!

In the surroundings, the Xuan Heaven Domain, the land of battle techniques, and the experts from the federation were scattered around. They were looking at the battle in front of them with shock and awe!

It was more like a group of ants challenging the godly king who was standing high above them!

Wang Xian hovered in the air and waved his palm slightly!

Below him, a huge law palm was attacking the experts from the famous sword domain and the city in the sky! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Thirty experts at the peak of the godly monarch tried their best to resist, but they couldn't do anything in front of Wang Xian!

Their attacks landed in front of Wang Xian and were directly blocked by the powerful law power without causing any ripples!

"Ah Ah Ah, our god King will avenge us. Dragon King, just you wait, just you wait!"

After killing over a dozen peak god Lord powerhouses, the experts from Sky City and the sword domain started to despair!

They all let out unresigned roars!

Especially the experts from the sword domain, they stared angrily at their sword master!

It was all because of this fellow, if you don't stand out, how could we be killed?

How could the sword domain provoke an immortal godly king powerhouse?

They died with grievance!

"Hehe, I will kill him in the city in the sky. I will also kill the sword domain's sword god King!"

Wang Xian heard their roars and his face was filled with a cold light!

The sky god King wanted to kill him? Then let's see who would kill who!

When the experts from the sword domain and the city in the sky heard Wang Xian's shameless words, their faces became even more desperate!

It seemed that the other party was going to kill them completely!

The experts from the federation's Xuan Heaven Domain and the land of battle techniques pretended that they didn't hear what he said!

However, the few experts from the Xuan Heaven Domain who had some understanding of Wang Xian were extremely shocked in their hearts!

They remembered that back then, Wang Xian only had the combat strength of a level eight divine Lord!

How long had it been since he became an immortal godly king? He was an existence on the same level as their Xuan Tianzi Godly King!

Boom

At this moment, Wang Xian's palm slammed down heavily on the swordmaster and Commander Duan, suppressing them firmly on the ground!

The two of them had lost all signs of life. They died in despair and unwillingness!

Who would have thought that Wang Xian would suddenly advance to the Immortal King Realm!

The heavens were going to kill them!

When the rest of the people saw the last two swordmasters and commander Duan being killed and saw the more than 1,000 corpses on the ground, they took a deep breath!

They looked at the figure hovering in the sky, and their faces were filled with awe!

"What's going on inside?"

"Why did such a terrifying material law suddenly appear in Area 51? Is it a sea monster rushing over?"

"Could it be that the experts of sky city are looking for trouble with general Wang?"

At this moment, nearly ten million people were gathered around the law space in Area 51, which had a circumference of more than 10,000 kilometers, and they were discussing with shocked faces!

"How can it be that our sky city is causing trouble for general Wang? If our sky city really wants to cause trouble for general Wang, we will be able to destroy general Wang and his army in less than three minutes!"

Some people from Sky City heard others guessing their actions and said directly with some displeasure!

"That might not be the case. Everyone knows how many peak-stage God Lord Sea Monsters General Wang has led his disciples to destroy!"

An expert from the mysterious sky territory mocked coldly!

Many people were very dissatisfied with the actions of the general from the 50th region of Sky City. Naturally, they also had some opinions about the entire sky city!

"HMPH, our sky city will not kill someone who is not on the same level as us at this juncture. If you want to kill General Wang, you can kill him at any time after the calamity ends!"

The Sky City warrior heard it and said coldly!

"The law space is disappearing, this space is about to disappear!"

"What's going on in there?"

Some people stared at the center of the law space!

The law space slowly disappeared and a vast silhouette appeared in everyone's sight!

Seeing that silhouette, everyone couldn't help but feel a powerful pressure!

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations General on advancing to the Undying God King Realm!"

The entire space slowly appeared in everyone's sight, but at this time, the highest commander's voice suddenly sounded!

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations General on advancing to the Undying God King Realm!"

Following that, respectful voices sounded!

The sudden voice caused everyone around to reveal shocked expressions!

They looked over and all the experts from the mysterious sky domain, battle techniques land, and the federation half-knelt on the ground and bowed!

"This... General Wang has advanced to the Undying Godly monarch realm. My God, general Wang has become a godly monarch!"

"Hiss, my God, general Wang has advanced to a godly monarch. Our Tian Ze continent has another godly monarch!"

Everyone widened their eyes, their faces filled with surprise and excitement!

"Look at the corpses on the ground! They are the corpses of all the experts from the sky city and the Sword Domain!"

At this moment, a shocked exclamation came from an expert's mouth!

He pointed at the ground and shouted in shock!

"What!"

"Oh my God! It's... It's the corpses of all the experts from the sword domain and the Sky City!"

"Oh my God! What's Going On!"

Everyone's bodies trembled violently!

Those were experts from the sword domain and Sky City, and they were peak experts above the eighth level of a god Lord!

These were the pillars of the entire sword domain and Sky City, and now, they were actually killed!

"The experts from the sky city and the sword domain offended the Dragon King and were killed by the Dragon King!"

"All the citizens of the Tianze continent immediately pay their respects to the Dragon King!"

At this moment, the supreme commander swept his gaze across everyone around him and said in a deep voice!

Now, the safety of the entire wall of protection and the entire Tianze continent depended on Wang Xian. Naturally, he had to curry favor with him at this moment!

He did not want the Dragon King to abandon them and leave at this moment!

After all, they were here to ask the Dragon King to hand over that powerful array formation!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Everyone from the Federation, the people from the Mystic Heaven Domain and the land of combat techniques were the first to react. They immediately half-knelt on the ground and shouted respectfully!

A godly monarch was worthy of everyone's great respect!

Furthermore, this godly monarch might be their last hope!

"No, no, you actually dared to kill people from our sky city. Our Sky Godly monarch will not let you off!"

The powerhouse who said that the sky city wanted to kill general Wang with ease just a moment ago could not help but retreat when he saw the current scene. He roared angrily in a low voice!

The eyes of many other powerhouses from the sky city and the sword domain flickered as their expressions kept changing!

"HMPH!"

When Wang Xian saw the powerhouse from the sky city, disdain appeared on his face!

He grunted softly. At the same time, waves of terrifying pressure pressed down on all the experts from the city in the sky!

"PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!"

In an instant, thousands of corpses fell to the ground!