Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2402: 2402 stood guard

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

The sound of bodies colliding with the ground seemed to crash into everyone's ears!

This sound directly smashed into the hearts of everyone in Sky City and the sword domain!

Especially the people of Sky City, when they saw their experts instantly killed, their faces were filled with paleness and cold sweat!

They looked at this scene in horror and felt their scalps go numb!

That General King, Godly King, and Dragon King had actually killed so many of their experts in an instant!

Those godly master experts didn't even have the ability to resist and were instantly killed!

This terrifying strength made people despair!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The bodies of the people from the sword domain and sky city trembled as they hurriedly knelt on the ground and shouted loudly!

They lowered their heads and propped their hands on the ground as if they were prostrating. Their faces were filled with horror!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across them. His face was filled with indifference!

"I will clear the sea monsters in front of the wall of protection. The catastrophe this time should be over very soon!"

He landed on the ground and said to the supreme commander and the rest!

"Alright, Alright. Thank you, General Wang, for your help!"

The supreme commander said to Wang Xian excitedly!

The rest of the people were extremely excited when they heard what Wang Xian said!

They were really afraid that Wang Xian would leave immediately because of the matter just now!

Now, as long as Wang Xian was willing to help, it would be easy for a godly king to guard this place and clean up the sea monsters here at the protective wall!

"Thank you for your help, general Wang. Our Tianze continent is eternally grateful!"

The rest of the experts also quickly cupped their hands to express their gratitude!

"No Need!"

Wang Xian shook his head and swept his gaze around. With a wave of his arm, he collected all the corpses!

There were 30 peak-stage eternal masters and more than 1,000 eternal masters above level eight!

There were also a few thousand eternal masters!

Just these corpses were enough for the Dragon Palace to increase the combat strength of three immortal godly monarchs!

Adding ao Xingmu and himself, that was the combat strength of four immortal godly monarchs!

This was not counting the sea monsters in front of the wall of protection. If that was included, the strength of the Dragon Palace would undergo a terrifying qualitative change!

Perhaps, by then, the strength of the Dragon Palace could rival the entire Tianze continent!

With this thought in mind, Wang Xian moved his body and immediately came to the top of the city wall in Area 51!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, return to the Dragon Palace to upgrade. Ao Yao, you guys should return as well!"

Wang Xian ordered the members of the Dragon Palace!

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace nodded their heads!

"Supreme Commander, send someone to help me keep an eye on the sea monsters in front of the wall of protection. If they show signs of escaping, let me know!"

Wang Xian said to the Supreme Commander!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The supreme commander immediately nodded his head!

Buzz

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew towards area 58 in a flash!

He had already cleared the sea monsters here!

"So after general Wang advanced to the godly king level, he started to clear the sea monsters in the surroundings. No wonder all the sea monsters in Area 51 and the surrounding areas have disappeared!"

When everyone saw Wang Xian's back disappearing, one of the generals could not help but look at the ocean on the left!

At this moment, the ocean on the left was a few million kilometers away. It was already calm and there was not a single sea monster!

Initially, they were speculating if the sea monsters were up to something. Now, it seemed that the sea monsters here had been eliminated!

"That's right. We are still researching how to request for reinforcements. General Wang, who is in the ocean, should be a little dumbfounded if he knew about this. I'm afraid that after a few more hours of discussion, the sea monsters have already been cleared!"

Xuan Chen said mockingly!

"Hu, that's true, however with general Wang here, this disaster will pass without any accidents!"

A general said, he couldn't help but let out a huge breath!

"That's right, this disaster, we'll be able to pass it very quickly!"

The rest of the group also got excited, smiling!

"General Wang has advanced to undying, defending the wall of protection for our Tian Ze continent, helping us get through this disaster!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Congratulations to our Tian Ze continent, Congratulations to general Wang!"

The Highest Commander's body moved, floating in the air, he roared loudly!

His voice resounded throughout the wall of protection, when the rest of the people who hadn't arrived heard his words, they were all stunned, they couldn't help but get excited!

"General Wang has actually broken through to the Undying Emperor realm, he's too powerful, Haha, Our Tian Ze Continent is saved!"

"He's about to win, general Wang was very powerful in the beginning, he killed many pinnacle god Lord Sea Monsters, now he's actually broken through to the Undying Emperor realm, Long Live!"

"Congratulations General Wang, at the same time for our Tian Ze continent, we have a huge chance of surviving this disaster!"

"According to the latest news, general Wang Is Killing Sea Monsters at a rapid pace!"

Upon hearing the voice of the highest commander, everyone's faces revealed an extremely excited look!

At the same time, some news was also transmitted over. Everyone's faces revealed an extremely excited look!

While everyone was cheering on the wall of protection, Wang Xian was killing sea monsters at a rapid pace at the bottom of the sea!

In order to prevent him from killing too many sea monsters and preventing them from escaping, Wang Xian had unleashed his full strength!

He was killing sea monsters one by one at a terrifying speed. There were 500 to 600 level-eight divine Lord level-eight devouring Netherworld Sea Monsters in a region. After clearing more than a dozen regions, there were around 5000 to 6000 of them!

Among them, there were more than 20 sea monsters at the peak of the Eternal Divine Lord Level!

A large number of sea monsters'corpses entered the Dragon Palace!

With the addition of the corpses from the beginning, the dragon blood in the dragon transformation pool was almost full!

The dragon transformation pool that was hundreds of kilometers long was almost full. What kind of concept was this?

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace entered the dragon transformation pool. The improvement of their realms was as simple as drinking cold water!

Now, as long as Wang Xian wanted to, all 150,000 to 60,000 members of the Dragon Palace could step into the eternal divine lord level!

However, the main focus of the Dragon Palace was to improve their high-end combat strength!

"After this, the strength of the Dragon Palace can crush any force in the Tianze continent!"

In just 15 minutes, Wang Xian cleared out all the areas beyond Area 51!

His body moved and he teleported rapidly towards area 50!

He did not hide anything. Facing the hundreds of millions of sea monsters in front of him, he floated directly on the surface of the sea!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Waves of substantial laws sealed off an area of more than 10,000 kilometers. In the entire area, all the sea monsters were captured in one go!

More than 10,000 kilometers. Wang Xian did not even need a minute!

In less than a minute, he immediately changed to another place!

In front of each region, everyone saw the terrifying scene of Wang Xian. Their faces were filled with shock and awe!

This was the strength of the immortal god King, and this was the strength of general Wang!

One person facing billions of sea monsters!