Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2403: 2,403 stood guard

"News of victory! The frontlines have won a huge victory, general Wang has advanced to undying emperor level, he alone stands guard over the wall of protection, killing trillions of sea monsters!"

"The wall of protection has won, general Wang has become undying emperor, he alone stands guard, Congratulations to humanity!"

"Victory, victory, hahaha, this time it's all thanks to general Wang, not long ago before he advanced, he had killed many pinnacle God level sea monsters, this victory is all thanks to general Wang!"

The battle situation at the wall of protection, under the orders of the highest commander, was transmitted to the AI!

When everyone saw the news on the AI, their faces were filled with excitement!

The worry and fear of the entire Tian Ze continent had finally been released!

News of victory!

For general Wang to level up to the Undying Emperor level, for him to guard the entire wall of protection, all the people of Tian Ze continent were filled with gratitude and excitement!

General Wang was a hero of humanity!

"He's too strong, this time it's all thanks to general Wang!"

"General Wang wasn't originally from Tian Ze continent, to be able to defend our Tian Ze continent, he's our benefactor and Hero!"

"Right, the people of Sky City and sword domain still wanted to suppress general Wang and get help from an array, now that they've been killed, they deserve it!"

In front of the wall of protection, everyone looked at the majestic figure on the sea and sighed with respect!

The entire wall of protection was filled with excitement and joy!

Only the people from the sky city and the sword domain had ugly expressions!

Now, on the wall of protection, everyone knew that all the experts from the sky city and the sword domain had been killed by general Wang!

Especially Sky City, there weren't many eternal god Lord Level Warriors left!

The rest of the two forces had ugly expressions, they looked at the powerful figure in front of them, clenching their fists!

"Grandpa and Patriarch are dead, killed by the Dragon King, almost all the warriors of Sky City have been killed, now... we can only wait for the god King to return and kill him!"

"When the godly monarch comes, we will definitely be able to kill him. He has just stepped into the undying godly monarch realm. Our godly monarch has already stepped into the realm for hundreds of thousands of years!"

In a corner of the wall of protection, dozens of youths stood there with clenched fists and faces filled with hatred!

They were the most powerful group of children in Sky City. However, their grandpa, all of their reliance, had been killed. Such hatred was irreconcilable!

However, with their strength, they were like ants compared to the vast figure in front of them. They could only pray that the god King would return and kill him!

They looked into the depths of the ocean, where vast energy blotted out the sky and the Sun. The undying god King's battle was still going on!

"Our god King is fighting with the Undying God king sea monster in the depths. He's here hunting ordinary sea monsters, and he even killed our sky city and Sword Domain Warriors. Now, why is he the hero of the entire human race?"

"He killed so many of our sky city and sword domain warriors, what right does he have to be called a hero!"

The youths were filled with unwillingness as they listened to the discussions around them, looking at the cheers of everyone in the AI!

"Tell them what happened here, Hero? He killed so many of us, he doesn't have the right to be called a hero!"

"That's right, they killed so many of us, yet they can still enjoy such glory and glory, it's not fair, it's not fair!"

The expressions of the youths were somewhat distorted!

Very soon, the matter of general Wang killing a large number of sky city and sword domain experts spread through the AI!

This was nothing but a little surprise to the citizens of the Mystic Heaven Domain, the land of Combat Arts, and the Federation region!

However, to many people from Sky City and the sword domain, they felt extremely furious!

Why would a godly monarch kill all the experts in the sky city's sword domain?

Even if you were a hero of humanity, you could not kill their experts wantonly!

Especially after learning that all the god Lords above rank 8, and even more than 80% of the god Lords in the sky city had been killed, many people were extremely furious!

The entire AI seemed to be boiling!

Many of the upper echelons of the federation noticed this too, but they ignored it!

This news was just a small matter, to the Undying God King, it didn't affect the Dragon King at all!

Only the sky god King and sword god King had any influence!

However, this wasn't something the upper echelons of the federation could consider! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The four God kings were all high and mighty, now that there was one more god King, these matters had to be settled by the God kings themselves!

They had no right to interfere. In fact, the noise on the AI had no effect on the godly monarch at all!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a series of extremely terrifying roars sounded in the ocean!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When this roar was heard, the countless sea monsters in the surrounding echoed the roar at the same time!

The Roar reverberated throughout the entire sky. Everyone immediately covered their ears and looked over in shock!

"Eh? This group of Sea Monsters is... ?"

Wang Xian saw the sea monsters roaring in the distance and was astonished!

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a roar came from the depths of the ocean in response!

"Roar! Roar!"

The sea monsters looked at Wang Xian in horror!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, the sea monsters were disappearing!

"Eh? The sea monsters are escaping!"

Wang Xian's expression changed slightly as he flew forward quickly!

At this moment, he completely gave up on the weak sea monsters and attacked the powerful sea monsters directly!

He had already killed his way from the 50th region to the 20th region. The number of level eight sea monsters that had died at his hands had reached tens of thousands!

There were even hundreds of sea monsters at the peak of the Master God Realm!

"We won! We won! The sea monsters have escaped! The sea monsters have escaped!"

"Yes, we won! hahaha! General Wang single-handedly killed hundreds of millions of sea monsters. They have escaped!"

Although Wang Xian was very disappointed by the escape of the sea monsters, the humans on the wall of protection were filled with excitement!

This time, even the people from the sword domain and the city in the sky heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts!

This war lasted for eleven days. More than 100 million humans had died. This was the lowest number among the three catastrophes!

The reason why there were so few losses was naturally due to Wang Xian's advancement to the Immortal King Realm!

Today, the Dragon King was the only one who didn't even make a move after killing the sea monsters!

Due to the existence of the Dragon King, the humans of the Tianze continent had suffered a great loss!

"Forget it, let's just escape. I have gained enough this time!"

Wang Xian looked at the escaping eternal Lord Sea Monsters and shook his head slightly!

Some of the powerful sea monsters sensed that something was wrong and gave up on the invasion. Apparently, the Immortal Lord Sea Monsters had also responded!

Even though the sea monsters had escaped, the rewards this time were enough!