Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2404: 2404 Dragon King, I will definitely kill you

"We won, hahaha, we won, we won!"

Cheers rang out on the wall of protection!

When Wang Xian heard the cheers, a smile appeared on his face!

He flew over from the surface of the sea and landed on the wall of protection. His gaze swept across the humans of the Tianze continent who were cheering and celebrating!

"Thank you, Dragon King, for helping our Tianze continent to withstand this calamity!"

The highest commander and a group of experts flew over and thanked Wang Xian excitedly!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded at them!

"Thank you, Dragon King, for saving our Tianze continent!"

The people of the Tianze continent who were gathered around shouted at Wang Xian respectfully!

"You guys handle the rest of the matters. I'll go to the depths of the ocean and take a look!"

Wang Xian looked at the highest commander and said!

"Yes, yes, general Wang!"

Everyone immediately nodded their heads!

"Let's go and take a look. Senior Xuan Tianzi is actually able to fight against four people by himself. He has a very deep foundation. If I were to master all the formations that I gave him previously, he should be able to fight against those of a higher level!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. With a move of his body, he flew towards the depths of the ocean!

The terrifying energy there blotted out the sky and covered the Sun. The entire sky was a battlefield!

The closer he got, the more he could feel the destructive power in front of him!

When a god-level master got close, just the aftershocks alone could destroy him!

Wang Xian looked over. The Sky Celestial King, Sword Celestial King, and battle Sphynx Elder were fighting against an immortal god-level sea monster respectively! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The Sky Celestial King and Combat Master were at a disadvantage while the sword celestial king was suppressing the other immortal king level sea monster!

Their strength could basically be seen at a glance!

On the other side, Xuan Tianzi was fighting against four immortal king level sea monsters by himself without being at a disadvantage!

One by one, the formations came in handy. Their strength was extremely terrifying!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi, do you need help?"

Wang Xian asked Xuan Tianzi with a smile on his face!

"HMM?"

The sudden appearance of Wang Xian's voice caused Xuan tianzi to be slightly shocked. A hint of shock could be seen in his eyes!

"Little brother Wang Xian, you..."

"I was lucky enough to possess the combat strength of an immortal godly king. I took care of the wall of protection!"

As Xuan Tianzi spoke, Wang Xian interrupted him and replied with a chuckle!

"What!"

Xuan Tianzi could not help but exclaim in shock. He could not believe it!

He already had the combat strength of an immortal king?

How long had he been in the Tianze continent?

At that time, he only had the combat strength of an eternal god Lord Level 2. Now, he had the combat strength of an immortal king in less than half a year!

How could he believe this!

He was already shocked that Wang Xian had the combat strength of an immortal King!

"Gulp, good, good, good. Haha, Little Brother Wang Xian, come and help me!"

However, he quickly regained his senses and couldn't help but laugh out loud!

After all, this person had a connection with that God Lord. Even with such heaven-defying abilities, he could barely convince himself!

Of course, it was just a self-hypnosis to convince himself!

The god Lord had this little brother Wang Xian who was heaven-defying?

If he didn't know more about the celestial emperor, he would have suspected that he was the reincarnation of the Celestial Emperor!

Boom

Wang Xian moved his body and an extremely powerful substantial law attacked one of the Immortal Celestial King Sea Monsters!

It was a sea monster with a pitch-black body and 18 claws. It was about 5,000 meters in size and every swing of its claws emitted a powerful law-eroding force!

Wang Xian's sudden attack made it Panic!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

He could not help but roar at the three godly king sea monsters around him!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Godly King Sea Monsters responded one after another. They trembled slightly and disappeared instantly!

"They escaped. The catastrophe this time is finally over!"

When Xuan Tianzi saw the few godly king sea monsters escaping, he heaved a sigh of relief!

It was already his limit to fend off four sea monsters of the same level!

"I didn't expect this. I really didn't expect little brother Wang Xian to break through to the Immortal Godly King realm. What a surprise!"

At this moment, Mo Hen's voice rang out from the side. A slightly chubby figure instantly appeared in front of Wang Xian!

"I was just lucky!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and nodded with a smile on his face!

"He actually advanced to the Immortal King Realm!"

Not far away, the Sky King of Sky City looked at Wang Xian in astonishment. His expression kept changing!

Sky City had a conflict with him. Now that he had advanced to the Immortal King Realm, it was definitely not a good thing for the entire Sky City!

The Sky King stood there with a sullen face and did not go over!

Beside him, Sword Domain Sword God King saw another undying god King appearing in Tian Ze continent. He was just about to go over to greet him, when he suddenly realized that there were urgent messages flashing!

When he saw the message, his expression changed, he immediately teleported towards the wall of protection!

Sky God King saw sword god King leave and immediately left too!

"Eh? Why are those two fellows so ignorant of the rules? Another celestial king has been born in our Tianze continent. They still don't know how to come over and greet us!"

Mo Hen said coldly when he saw the sky celestial king and the sword god King suddenly leave!

Wang Xian looked at the two figures meaningfully and revealed a smile!

They might not be sure that all the experts under them had been killed by him. Once they found out, they would probably come over and fight him to the death!

The city in the sky will definitely be destroyed. If the sword god King of the sword domain doesn't know what's good for him, he will destroy them all

Wang Xian thought to himself. Currently, all the members of the Dragon Palace were digesting the resources after the Great War!

With the dragon blood in the Dragon Pool of the Dragon Palace, it was sufficient for the 13 members of the Dragon Palace other than Ao Xingmu to advance to the Immortal Godly King realm!

However, Wang Xian was not prepared to use all the resources to gather the godly king experts!

The Dragon Palace only needed to increase the combat strength of five godly kings. The rest would be used to increase the strength of the other disciples!

The combat strength of a peak master God would need at least 20 of them!

In two days at most, the improvement of the members of the Dragon Palace would be over. At that time, it would be time for him to compete with the city in the sky and even the sword domain!

"Let's go back to the wall of protection first. This time, it's all thanks to little brother Wang Xian. Otherwise, it would be difficult to defend the wall of protection!"

Xuan tianzi smiled at Wang Xian and said!

"I won't be going. Senior Xuan Tianzi, in the future, you guys don't have to worry about me, the city in the sky, and the sword domain. I can settle it myself. I'll make a trip back first!"

"If nothing goes wrong, I'll be back in two to three days!"

Wang Xian said to Xuan Tianzi with a smile on his face!

Xuan Tianzi was slightly stunned. He didn't understand what he meant!

However, Wang Xian waved his hand and disappeared instantly!

This time, he disappeared and returned to the Dragon Palace, which was also the boundless galaxy!

"Eh? What's going on?"

Mo Hen looked at Wang Xian who had suddenly disappeared in astonishment!

"Dragon King, I will definitely kill you!"

"Dragon King, I will definitely kill you!"

At this moment, two furious roars were heard!