Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2405: 2405 memorial! Battle! 1

"Dragon King, I will kill you!"

"Dragon King, I will kill you!"

Angry roars reverberated in the sky and the ocean!

Xuan Tianzi and Zhan Fa mo hen, who were standing in the depths of the ocean, were slightly stunned!

"What... What's going on? Why are those two guys so angry?"

Battle tactic mo hen looked in the direction of the wall of protection with a stunned expression on his face!

"Let's Go and take a look!"

Xuan Tianzi raised his eyebrows. He suddenly recalled what Wang Xian said before he left. His heart skipped a beat and he immediately flew towards the direction of the wall of protection!

Battle tactic mo hen also followed closely behind curiously!

The speed of the two of them was very fast. When they had just flown over, they saw two figures on the wall of protection looking in their direction with murderous looks on their faces!

"What about the Dragon King?"

The sword god King looked at the two of them with a cold face and asked with blood-red eyes!

"Who are you asking? be more polite!"

Seeing the sword god King's power, Mo Hen curled his lips and said directly!

"What about the Dragon King?"

However, to Mo Hen's surprise, the sword god King asked angrily again, not giving him any face at all!

"What happened? !"

Xuan tianzi heard his words and frowned. He gestured to mo hen not to be impulsive and asked him calmly!

"He... he actually killed all the experts above the eighth level of the eternal master level in our sword domain. He killed them all!"

"All the experts that our sword domain has accumulated over hundreds of thousands of years have been killed. It's hard for me, the sword god King, not to kill that Dragon King for this revenge!"

The sword god King's tone softened when he heard Xuan Tianzi's words. However, his eyes were still bloodshot!

"Almost all the god Lord experts of my sky city have been killed!"

At this moment, the sky god King flew over. His body was filled with a dense murderous aura!

"Dragon King, why did you kill the experts of Sky City and the Sword Domain?"

Xuan Tianzi swept a glance at the two of them. He looked down and asked the experts below indifferently!

"Lord Godly monarch!"

The supreme commander cupped his hands respectfully and swept his gaze across the godly monarchs in reverence! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Lord Godly monarch, I will not be biased or conceal anything from you. If I conceal anything, the godly monarchs can kill me directly!"

He swore to the godly monarchs in advance!

Now, facing the extremely furious sword god King and Sky Godly monarch, he had to say in advance that if he were to be killed out of anger, there was nothing he could do!

"Speak. Don't worry. No one can break the rules!"

Xuan Tianzi said to him. He also had the strength to say that!

"Yes. In this calamity, the sea monsters are too powerful. At the end of the defense, tens of thousands of God lord rank eight sea monsters suddenly appeared at the bottom of the sea. We have no way to activate the defensive array formation that Lord Xuan Tianzi God king set up!"

"Activate the defensive array formation. It can withstand for more than a day. We have to find help within this one day. Commander Duan of Sky City said that he has a way..."

The supreme commander recounted everything that had happened without any favoritism!

"Grandpa, this kid can testify that it's true!"

Commander Xuan said immediately after he finished speaking!

"Does that mean that they have provoked the Dragon King? They are simply courting death!"

Xuan Tianzi said indifferently!

"Xuan Tianzi, the experts of the city in the sky and the sword domain are also thinking for the sake of the entire natural selection continent. They are not courting death!"

The sword god King retorted angrily when he heard Xuan Tianzi's words!

"That's right. Now, the Dragon King is also the hero of the entire Tianze continent? Haha, he can be a hero, but the experts of the city in the sky can't die in vain!"

"Almost all the god Lord level experts in the entire sky city have died. Hahaha, such a feud is irreconcilable. It's either him or me!"

The Sky God King roared maniacally!

Many experts in the 18 cities of Sky City were his descendants. Now, Sky City was completely crippled!

It was even worse than the sword domain. There were many experts below the god Lord rank 8 in the Sword Domain, and Sky City was completely gone!

In the future, he would be the only one holding up the sky city in the Tianze continent. It would only exist in name!

The force he had established was almost destroyed. Why wasn't he crazy?

"All the top experts in my sword domain have been killed. Only blood can be repaid!"

The sword god King held the divine sword in his hand tightly. His face was ghastly!

Xuan tianzi frowned slightly when he saw the violent expressions of the two!

"The Dragon King has already returned to his divine kingdom. His divine kingdom is not in the Xuan Heaven Domain!"

"Besides, he said that he will be back in a few days. We from the Xuan Heaven Domain will not be involved in this matter!"

Xuan Tianzi said indifferently. It could be considered as a declaration of his position!

If Wang Xian had not said that earlier, he would definitely stand on Wang Xian's side!

However, since he had said it, it meant that he was confident!

For someone to be able to raise his combat strength from Level 2 Eternal Celestial Master to Immortal Celestial King in just a few months'time, he did not think that sword god King and Sky Celestial King could do anything to Wang Xian!

Furthermore, if Wang Xian wanted to escape, they only had a 10% chance of killing him!

It was basically impossible!

"Alright!"

When sword god King and Sky Celestial King Heard Xuan Tianzi's words, they nodded solemnly!

As long as Xuan Tianzi did not interfere, they would have a chance to kill that Dragon King!

"Let's Go!"

Sword god King swept his gaze over his subordinates and left with a sullen face!

Although the calamity had ended, it was not something worth being happy about. Instead, it was a calamity that was even more severe than the calamity!

Sky God King did not say a word and left immediately!

Because there were no more subordinates around him, only a bunch of dead fish and shrimps. Sky City was about to fall!

However, at this moment, the main character, Wang Xian, had returned to the Dragon Palace in the endless star field!

This was the first time he had returned after leaving for over three months. Over three months, his strength and the Dragon Palace's strength had received a crazy increase!

"AO qitian, Ao Qi, AO Xingmu, Ao Yao, Mu Zesen, and a strange demon have increased their combat strength to the immortal king level. Including myself, there are a total of seven of them!"

Wang Xian stood in the dragon transformation pool and looked at the seven figures in the middle. A smile appeared on his face!

With the Seven Immortal Kings and the four godly kings of the entire Tian Ze continent working together, the Dragon Palace would be able to contend against them!

"If you want to kill me, why wouldn't I want to kill you as well? hehehe!"

Wang Xian said with a smile on his face!

If they returned to the resplendent land and Tian Ze continent again, the Dragon Palace would no longer be a nobody!

"I only need two days!"

He looked at the dragon transformation pool and said softly!

He looked at the group of girls beside him and squinted his eyes!

"Let's go, let's have a good rest these two days, Hahaha!"

He laughed heartily, extremely carefree!