Chapter 2406: 2406 memorial! War! 2

"The catastrophe has ended. More than 100 million soldiers of the Tianze continent have died in battle. Every soldier is a hero of the entire Tianze continent. They are all heroes of Humanity!"

"On the fourth day of victory, the Tianze continent will hold a memorial ceremony for the entire continent. We will mourn for our brothers and sisters who have died in battle. We will hold a memorial ceremony for our heroes!"

On the Tianze continent, after the catastrophe had ended, Joy struck everyone!

At this time, the AI announced something, in 4 days, the entire continent would mourn, paying respects to their dead brothers and sisters, it would be broadcasted live!

At that time, a group of God Kings would also appear, sending off the Dead Warriors!

4 days later, the memorial was a huge event for Tian Ze continent, the entire natural selection continent was talking about this calamity war!

General Wang, who had just reached the Undying Emperor realm, was called Dragon King by his subordinates!

And now, he was also called Dragon King by the Tian Ze continent!

The Invincible Dragon King appeared out of nowhere and quickly settled this catastrophe!

At the same time, Sky City, which had almost all the god Lord Realm Warriors killed by the Dragon King, all the top warriors of the sword domain were also discussed by many people!

Everyone on the guardian wall was also very familiar with this situation!

While everyone thought that they were courting death, they also felt some sympathy!

After all, the experts of the sword realm and Sky City were also thinking for the sake of the entire Tianze continent. Although they had been killed by the Dragon King, it could not be denied that the other party was not a hero!

They had also sacrificed a lot in order to fend off the powerful sea monsters!

In the AI, the people from the city in the sky and the sword domain were the most furious. They said that the Dragon King was too cruel!

Everything was for the humans. Why didn't they give them a chance? Why did they have to kill all of them?

There were all kinds of voices in the AI!

There were even many experts from the city in the sky and the sword domain who hoped that their godly king could kill the Dragon King as soon as possible!

The calamity had won, but many people guessed that there might be internal strife!

Back then, the Sky Godly monarch and sword godly monarch had roared that they wanted to kill the Dragon King!

However, many people did not know that this was an internal strife because the Dragon King did not belong to their Heavenly Lake Continent!

Of course, many people still believed that the Dragon King was the hero of the entire Heavenly Lake Continent. The end of the calamity this time was all thanks to the Dragon King!

The artificial intelligence system was abuzz with discussion. At this moment, the sky god King and the sword god King were trembling in anger!

This was especially so for the sky god King!

In a palace located at the highest altitude of 300,000 meters, the sky god King was leaning on his throne. In the middle of the hall in front of him, there was an old man who was prostrating himself!

"Lord God King, currently, we... We only have over a hundred divine lord level experts in Sky City. Among them, the strongest one is an eternal divine lord at Level Seven!"

The groveling old man reported to the sky god King while trembling!

In this catastrophe, there were 3,000 to 4,000 god-level masters who died at the sea monster's place. However, there were 5,000 to 6,000 who died at the hands of Wang Xian!

There were only more than 100 god-level masters in Sky City who were under the control of Sky City!

In other words, there were only more than 100 god-level masters under the control of the sky god-level!

The strongest God Lord was at the seventh rank. It could be said to be extremely miserable!

There was a time when the sky city had more than 10,000 god Lord experts under its jurisdiction!

"Retreat!"

The sky god Lord said to the old man emotionlessly!

"It's Lord God King!"

The old man nodded and hurriedly retreated!

"Weng!"

Just as the old man left, a sword god King, whose entire body was like a sharp sword, floated in the air above the hall and looked at the sky god Lord from afar!

"Your Sky City is really miserable!"

He said indifferently!

"Peng!"

"Sword god King, how are you guys any better?"

The sky god King slammed heavily on the divine seat beside him and growled in a low voice! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"That Dragon King has combat strength on the same level as US and he doesn't have a fixed territory. How are we going to take revenge for this?"

Sword god King did not continue to mock. The loss of the sword domain was not something that could be recovered in tens of thousands of years!

"No matter the price, I will kill him!"

Sky God Emperor's eyes were bloodshot as he spoke, his energy could not help but tremble!

"With him trying to escape, it will be too hard for the two of us to kill him!"

"Even if we can get our hands on the encirclement to trap the undying God Emperor and he escapes, it will be hard for us to kill him!"

Sword god Emperor said with an ugly expression!

"There's naturally no way for the two of us to do anything. Although he has just stepped into the undying godly monarch realm, with the strength of a godly monarch, it would be very difficult to kill him!"

Sky God Emperor suddenly smiled sinisterly!

"Oh? Sky God Emperor, what do you mean?"

Sword god Emperor raised his eyebrows slightly!

"The Heaven Beast Corporation contacted me just now and asked me why the deal that we had agreed on suddenly stopped. I told them to continue, but the target has changed!"

Sky God King said with a grim expression!

"What you mean is? The Heaven Beast Corporation sent people to assist us? But even though the Heaven Beast Corporation is powerful, they wouldn't provoke a god King for no reason, right!"

Sword god Emperor revealed a puzzled expression!

"You've underestimated the allure of that array formation. Furthermore, we only need them to send two godly monarchs to assist us. We need them to take out the imprisonment ring that imprisons immortal godly monarchs. They are currently considering it, but they will eventually agree!"

Sky God Emperor smiled coldly!

"As long as we have two godly monarchs to assist us and use the imprisonment ring to imprison them and seal the surroundings, would we not be able to kill a brat who has just broken through to the godly monarch realm?"

As he spoke, his gaze turned to sword god King!

"As long as we can get our hands on that precious confinement ring and prepare for a four-on-one situation, we have a 90% chance of killing him!"

Sword god King's eyes flickered as he slowly raised his head, "Of course, if the Heaven Beast Corporation can send two level 2 and 3 immortal godly monarchs over, it will be even easier!"

"Hahahaha, there's no need. I want to kill him myself. I want to pull out his tendons and pull out his bones. I want to make him suffer. I'm not willing to let him die so easily!"

Sky God King laughed maniacally. His laughter was a little crazy!

He strongly requested the Heavenly Beast Corporation to send a stronger God king over. The other party might really agree for the array formation!

However, he did not need to. He wanted to do it himself. The Dragon King had destroyed his sky city, so he wanted to destroy the Dragon King as well. He wanted to make the Dragon King extremely regretful and extremely painful!

To deal with a guy who had just advanced to godly monarchs, he had a 99% chance of killing the other party without escaping in a one-on-one situation, not to mention the joint attack of four people!

"Alright, I'll let him experience my sword!"

Sword god Emperor's eyes gleamed coldly!

He was stronger than Sky God Emperor, he was even more confident that he could kill him!

The 2 of them had been in the Undying Emperor realm for hundreds of thousands of years, even if they hadn't reached level 2, their strength wasn't something a god Emperor who had just become a god Emperor could compare to!