Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2407: 2407 memorial! War! 3

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Boundless galaxy!

In the Boundless Sea Dragon Palace, waves of terrifying energy were transmitted from the dragon transformation pool!

At this moment, six figures were hovering above the dragon transformation pool!

Terrifying laws were condensed on top of it. The six figures were extremely vast!

Wang Xian stood at the edge of the dragon transformation pool and looked at the figures of the six members of the Dragon Palace with a smile on his face!

Below the six figures were the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace who were also exuding a strong aura!

There were 20 peak-stage master-level combat strength members, 100 master-level level-nine combat strength members, and 500 master-level-eight combat strength members!

There were even more master-level-seven and level-six combat strength members behind them!

After the catastrophe, the strength of the Dragon Palace had received a huge boost!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace looked at Wang Xian and flew over respectfully. They greeted him loudly!

"Very good!"

Wang Xian looked at them with a satisfied expression on his face!

With the members of the Dragon Palace, he would be able to build a dragon palace in the underground sea!

By then, the combat strength of the seven immortal godly monarchs of the Dragon Palace would be able to occupy an entire ocean!

Even if they were to face the undying godly monarch sea monsters in the underground sea, there was nothing to be afraid of!

There were more than a dozen undying godly monarch sea monsters in the underground sea, and there were seven in the Dragon Palace. Wang Xian could definitely lead his subordinates to kill those undying godly monarch sea monsters!

As long as he killed them, the Dragon Palace would become stronger and stronger!

Finally, they would unify the entire underground sea!

Once they unified the underground sea, the Dragon Palace would truly enter the greater world and compete with the powerhouses of billions of planets!

Only when the Dragon Palace was established in the underground sea would the Dragon Palace truly have a foothold!

"Xiao Xian, are we going back now?"

Guan Shuqing and the rest stood at the side. When they saw such a powerful Dragon Palace, they smiled and asked him!

"Yes, we are going back now. When we return, we will establish the Dragon Palace. When that happens, the Dragon Palace will be transferred to that resplendent world!"

Wang Xian nodded at them!

Once the Dragon Palace was transferred over, the group of girls would also be transferred over. This way, they would only be able to see each other once every few months!

"Okay, be careful then!"

The group of girls also understood this logic and nodded at him!

Wang Xian smiled and looked at AO xingmu, Ao Qitian, and the rest!

Swoosh

He moved and charged out of the boundless sea!

The six combat strength members of the godly monarch of the Dragon Palace moved and immediately transformed into human form to follow closely behind Wang Xian!

Boom! Boom! Boom

They flew towards the entrance of the energy tide at a terrifying speed!

Along the way, everyone felt the terrifying speed and their faces were filled with astonishment!

A master God level powerhouse had such a terrifying speed?

"Let's Go!"

After entering the energy tide, Wang Xian entered the long black hole directly!

With his current speed, it was much easier for him to pass through this black hole!

In just an hour, they had passed through the black hole and arrived at the Emperor's perish battlefield!

The emperor's perish battlefield was the battlefield where the god-level emperor of Tian Jingzi had fallen. The entire battlefield was filled with all kinds of chaotic energy. Even with Wang Xian's current strength, it was extremely dangerous here!

This was the place where a celestial emperor and more than 100,000 immortal godly monarchs had fallen!

More than 100,000 celestial monarchs. Even now, Wang Xian still found it hard to imagine!

"Little friend Wang Xian, I really didn't expect you to be able to raise your strength to such a level in such a short period of time. The Divine Dragon inheritance is really heaven-defying!"

At this moment, the voice of the Celestial Emperor Tian Zhanzi rang out in Wang Xian's mind!

"Hehe, don't worry, senior Tian Zhanzi. It Won't be long before I can fight against the Celestial Emperor. When the time comes, I will find a chance to resurrect you!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"You have the combat strength of an immortal celestial king. Now, you can try to make a witch weapon!"

Tian Zhanzi suddenly said!

"Make a weapon?"

Wang Xian asked with slight doubt!

"It's a wizard weapon. A wizard weapon is a powerful weapon that is made by combining a divine weapon. It's much more powerful than a divine weapon. I don't know much about how to make a wizard weapon, so I'm not very proficient in it!"

"However, according to the conditions of making a wizard weapon, you must first use a divine weapon to let the weapon spirit control the formation and set up a formation on the divine weapon. The weapon spirit will activate the formation to fight the enemy. It's said that the weapon spirit of a great wizard can set up a formation on a weapon that is extremely heaven-defying!"

"The five elements grindstone in your hand can be easily made into a magic weapon. It can help you to control some formations. Little friend Wang Xian, you can give it a try!"

The Heaven Formation master said to Wang Xian!

He was extremely envious of Wang Xian's five elements grindstone formation. It was the top-notch origin weapon in the universe. If the five weapon spirits were to teach them about formations, it would be extremely powerful, in the later stages, he could easily fight against an expert of the same level as Wang Xian with just one five elements grindstone!

"I can give it a try. The speed of my improvement is too fast. The five elements grindstone can't keep up with the speed!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he suddenly had a thought!

"Senior Tian Zhanzi, do you think I can let my clones replace the artifact spirits of the Five Elements Grindstone?"

Wang Xian had eight clones now. The only thing missing was the Earth attribute of the nine attributes!

The clones of the wind and thunder attributes were integrated into the inceptive sage wings. Currently, six of them were cultivating in the Dragon Palace!

However, entering the five elements millstone was not a big problem. Allowing the clones to enter the five elements millstone to control and set up the formation could make the five elements millstone even more powerful!

Moreover, there was another point. Due to the rapid improvement during this period of time, Wang Xian did not have the time to study the formation. Instead, he allowed the clones to start comprehending and learning!

Once his doppelganger understood it, he would be able to grasp it!

"This way, the five elements grinding witch weapon will become stronger. There's no need for your doppelganger to fuse with it. All you need to do is guide the spirit of the weapon. Your lack of earth attribute doppelganger is also a flaw. It will be much easier to guide it!"

Tian Zhanzi said immediately!

"That's good. However, the strength of the few doppelganger and the five elements grinding witch weapon are still a little weak. If they were to set up an array formation that could threaten the immortal king level, it would take them more than ten days!"

Wang Xian said!

As they were his clones, they could set up a formation that could threaten the immortal king level. However, the speed of setting up the formation was a little impressive. Setting up a formation that could threaten the immortal king level in less than ten days was useless!

This could only allow them to set up the formation in advance. During the battle, they could also release five formations that could threaten the immortal King Level 1. It was very impressive!

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and immediately took out the five elements millstone. He summoned five clones over!

The combat strength of the five clones was only level nine of the eternal godly monarch. If they worked together to set up the formation, coupled with the power of the five elements millstone itself, they could deal with a peak-stage godly monarch on their own!

Not Bad!

If Wang Xian set up the formation on top, it could threaten the godly monarch!

After setting up a black hole space-disturbing formation, Wang Xian did not set it up again because he did not have control over many formations either!

"I'm here. I wonder if the people from the city in the sky and the sword domain will find trouble with me when I return this time. Hehe!"

After flying for three hours, the Tianze continent appeared in his line of sight. He looked at the gigantic continent with a smile on his face! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This time, it was completely different from the first time he came to this world!