Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2408: 2408 memorial! Battle! 4

"Aiya, Bing Bing, do you think teacher Wang will still be our teacher in the future?"

"That's right Bing Bing, teacher Wang is the Dragon King, teacher Wang has actually become the 5th undying god King of our Tian Ze continent, this... who would have thought that we are actually the students of the Dragon King!"

Xuan Tian Academy Freshman Class 1!

With the outbreak of the calamity, the Dragon King becoming an undying god King was a huge shock to the freshman class 1!

Their teacher actually became the 5th Undying Emperor of the Tian Ze continent, this... They would never even dream of it!

The group of girls asked Yu Bing Bing Huang Jia Jia and the others!

After all, from their point of view, Yu Bing Bing Huang Jia, Situ Yan Xiao Lan and the others were close to their teacher, they were half disciples!

"We don't know either, teacher becoming an undying emperor, he should... he shouldn't be coming!"

Yu Bingbing and the rest shook their heads. There was both pride and disappointment on their faces!

A godly king would continue to teach them?

It was obviously impossible!

Buzz

However, at this moment, a group of figures suddenly appeared beside them!

"Ah?"

When the group of girls saw the figure that suddenly appeared and Wang Xian who was in the middle, everyone was slightly stunned!

"Teacher Wang!"

The group of girls hurriedly shouted at Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded at them!

His gaze swept across the group of girls and a smile appeared on his face!

This group of people could be considered as his students, but he was clearly not a qualified teacher!

After this, it was unlikely that he would come here to teach them for a period of time every month!

"I'll stay here for two days. If there's anything you don't know, come and ask me. I'll make arrangements for the future!"

Wang Xian said to them and walked into the room!

The group of girls looked at each other when they saw Wang Xian walking into the room after saying that!

"Looks like teacher Wang Won't be teaching us in the future!"

"Don't think about it. Teacher Wang is the godly king, the godly king who is high up in the sky. It's already a gift from the heavens that we can become the students of the Godly King!"

"Did teacher just come back from outside? Will he go to the continent to pay respects to teacher tomorrow?"

All the girls said with some disappointment and doubt!

However, they did not dare to enter and disturb him. After all, he was the immortal godly king, one of the strongest people on the continent!

The hearts of the girls were still filled with respect!

"My young friend Wang Xian!"

However, not long after Wang Xian sat down, a voice rang in his ear!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi!"

Wang Xian looked at the figure that was slowly gathering in front of him and revealed a smile!

"Wang Xian, you're back so soon. Are you preparing this time?"

Xuan Tianzi looked at Wang Xian with a smile and said!

"I'm preparing to participate in the memorial ceremony tomorrow. Also, Senior Xuan Tianzi, I'm preparing to establish a faction in the underground sea. I'll announce it when the time comes!"

Wang Xian spoke directly to Xuan Tianzi!

He had already seen some news from the AI earlier and knew about the furious roars of the two godly monarchs. He did not take it to heart!

"Huh?"

Xuan Tianzi was slightly stunned. He never expected Wang Xian to make such a move!

"Participate in the memorial ceremony? Establish a faction?"

"Little friend Wang Xian, you have to be prepared. The godly monarch of the sky, sword godly monarch, hates you to the bone!"

Xuan Tianzi said to Wang Xian with a serious expression!

The two godly monarchs were holding a grudge. Even if it was difficult to kill Wang Xian, it was still a powerful threat!

Especially when Wang Xian dared to establish a force, he was almost certain that the godly monarchs of the sky and sword would definitely attack him!

If he were to establish a force at this time, 90% of it would be destroyed by the two godly monarchs!

"Senior Xuan Tianzi, don't worry. Since I dare to establish a faction, I'm not afraid of the sky and Sword Godly monarchs. I'll be attending the memorial ceremony tomorrow. Please spread the news out so that the sky and sword godly monarchs can prepare themselves!"

Wang Xian said to Xuan Tianzi with a smile on his face!

"Oh?"

Xuan Tianzi was slightly stunned. He looked at Wang Xian in a daze and asked, "Are you confident?"

"The celestial king of the sky and the godly king of the sword are from the Tianze continent after all. I might not be able to help you when the time comes!"

"I would like to thank Senior Xuan Tianzi for his kindness. I will make preparations. I hope they won't disappoint me!"

Wang Xian said to him confidently!

"Alright then. Since you are confident, I won't say anything. Your potential and talent are not something I can compare to. Be prepared for everything!"

Xuan Tianzi took a deep look at Wang Xian and said! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I Will!"

Wang Xian nodded his head as well!

"Then, I shall not disturb little friend Wang Xian. I will congratulate you personally when your faction is completed!"

A smile appeared on Xuan Tianzi's face as he vanished instantly!

"Godly King of the sky and godly king of the sword, I hope you won't disappoint me!"

Wang Xian mumbled as he watched the two of them leave!

Both of them did not know the strength of his Dragon Palace. Since the other party was here to attack him, he could take care of them!

If the strength of the Dragon Palace was exposed, he was confident that he could destroy one of them. However, the other party would definitely run away!

The other party was afraid that he would run away, but he was also afraid that the other party would run away!

The news of Wang Xian's arrival did not attract anyone's attention. However, two hours later, the AI sent out a notification and message!

Tomorrow, the four godly monarchs and the Dragon King would personally attend the memorial service for the heroes of the humans of the Tianze continent!

The moment this news was released, it caused quite a stir!

"What? It's not surprising that the four godly monarchs are here. However, if the Dragon King is here, wouldn't a battle between the Godly Monarchs break out?"

"That's right. Didn't they say that the Dragon King has left the Tianze continent? Why is he suddenly announcing that he will attend the Memorial Service Tomorrow?"

"This... will the extremely angry sky god King and Sword God King let the Dragon King Off? Will there be a battle?"

Many people on the AI were discussing worriedly!

It was not impossible to have a battle between the god Kings during the memorial ceremony!

The god King was high and mighty, but no matter what the occasion was!

Even if there was a battle, who would dare to say anything?

"That Dragon King still dares to appear? As long as he dares to appear, we, the god King, will definitely kill him!"

"After killing the Dragon King, my grandfather was killed by him. Tomorrow, we will use the Dragon King's life as a sacrifice!"

Some people from the city in the sky and the sword domain were venting their frustrations as they posted messages on their AI!

Clearly, many people from the sword domain and city in the sky were filled with hatred and hatred towards the Dragon King!

"I never expected this! I really never expected this!"

At this moment, in the sword tomb of the sword domain, a sky-reaching sword beam instantly shot into the sky, flying towards the city in the sky!

"Sky God King, that Dragon King is extremely arrogant. He actually dares to participate in the memorial ceremony tomorrow. Since that's the case, let's use his blood as a memorial!"

Sword god King directly charged into the highest palace in Sky City as his voice sounded!

"He is indeed a little arrogant. He is very confident that the two of us will not be able to stop him!"

A towering figure appeared in the divine seat in the Hall!

"Let's wait here for a few hours!"