Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2409: 2409 memorial! Battle! 5

In the highest palace of Sky City, Sky God King was leaning on his throne while sword god King was sitting cross-legged on a three-meter-long giant sword!

The two of them didn't say anything!

They were waiting for the experts of the Heaven Beast Corporation to arrive!

They knew that it was easy for them to defeat the Dragon King, but it was very difficult to kill him!

Even with the confinement circle around him, it would still be hard to keep him alive!

Reaching the Undying Emperor realm, he could hide his undying country within the space crack!

His speed and life force had reached a terrifying level!

Even if he couldn't return to his undying country, just with his speed and life force, it would be hard for the two of them to keep the Dragon King Alive!

However, if the four of them attacked him together, that wasn't necessarily the case. They could instantly seal off the surroundings!

Escape? Where to?

Up and down? That was obviously impossible!

As long as they spent a certain amount of time, they would definitely be able to catch up and kill him!

Hence, now that they could kill the Dragon King, they could only wait!

Time slowly passed, the two of them weren't anxious at all!

"Buzz!"

Four hours later, the sky celestial king who was leaning on the divine seat suddenly opened his eyes. He looked outside and could not help but Smile!

"Hahaha, everyone from the Heaven Beast Corporation, Welcome!"

A carefree voice came out of the Sky Celestial King's mouth!

He immediately stood up and flew forward!

"Sky Celestial King, Sword Celestial King, right! ?"

At the entrance of the hall, three figures slowly walked in!

Two old men and a middle-aged man looked at Sky Celestial King and Sword Celestial King in the hall and asked indifferently!

"That's right. oh? The three of you are all Celestial Kings?"

Sky Celestial King swept his gaze across the three people and was slightly taken aback before he said!

"There are only two of you. We were afraid that you were too weak to keep the other party, so we sent an additional person!"

The leading elder said indifferently, not giving them any face!

"One of you doesn't have to make a move tomorrow!"!

Sword god King, who was sitting cross-legged on the huge sword, heard their words. A sword light flashed in his eyes as he said coldly!

The surrounding void seemed to be filled with sharp swords floating in the air!

"Eh? Then maybe we really only need two people to make a move tomorrow!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The old man in the lead looked at sword god King with a hint of surprise on his face!

Clearly, he was also very surprised by sword god King's strength!

"Hehe, three of you from the Heaven Beast Corporation will be even more foolproof. Tomorrow, all you have to do is stop them from escaping. Leave the rest to us!"

Sky God King smiled and said loudly!

"Don't worry. It's impossible to escape from us!"

The middle-aged man beside him said confidently!

"This is a confinement ring. Don't forget your conditions. You will have to pay a price for deceiving our Heaven Beast Corporation!"

The leading elder threw a confinement ring to sword celestial king and said indifferently!

"Of course!"

Sword Celestial King caught it. "Listen to our orders and cooperate with US Tomorrow!"

"Okay!"

The three of them nodded and began to discuss some details!

Time passed very quickly. From the outbreak of the catastrophe to the end, it was a rebirth for everyone in the Heavenly Lake Continent!

The more than 100 million soldiers who died in battle were the heroes of the entire Heavenly Lake Continent!

It was because of their deaths that the Heavenly Lake continent was now in perfect condition!

Everyone was filled with admiration for the heroes!

On the day of the memorial service, the entire continent had been preparing for the memorial service!

It was located in the center of the continent, where the federal government was located!

There was a huge square with white flowers on it!

At the very front was a huge tombstone!

There were three tombstones that were tens of thousands of meters tall, and the first two were filled with countless names!

Similarly, on that brand-new Tombstone, there were also many names recorded. There were more than 100 million of them!

These, were all soldiers who had died in battle. These were the tombstones of heroes!

The tombstones of heroes!

Early in the morning, countless soldiers had lined up neatly to come to the memorial square!

At the entrance, the four major factions and countless people from the federation were dressed neatly. They walked into the square!

The entire square was slightly solemn, with silent music playing around it!

Fighter jets hovered in the sky as if they were sending them off!

The number of people participating in this memorial ceremony had reached around 50 million!

The rest of the people were watching the live broadcast through the AI!

The atmosphere was slightly solemn!

"Grandpa, the Dragon King is also here today. There won't be any big trouble, right?"

In the command room at the very front, a middle-aged man said to the Supreme Commander with a frown!

"We can't interfere in this either. However, with Senior Xuan Tianzi here, ordinary people won't be involved!"

The supreme commander frowned slightly and shook his head helplessly!

They had no way of handling this matter!

Everyone was a hero of the Heavenly Lake Continent. The Dragon King's appearance had averted this calamity. However, the sky and Sword Godly monarchs also contributed greatly. They had also guarded the Heavenly Lake continent for hundreds of thousands of years!

They could not interfere in the feud between the Three Godly Monarchs!

Even in such a situation, it was not appropriate for Xuan Tianzi to interfere!

"I really don't know if the appearance of the Dragon King is a good thing or a bad thing!"

The middle-aged man sighed silently!

"It's a good thing. At the very least, we have survived the calamity!"

The supreme commander looked at his grandson and patted him on the shoulder as he walked out!

He was going to preside over today's memorial!

Stepping on the road paved with white flowers, his gaze swept his surroundings. The godly monarchs had yet to arrive!

Perhaps they would only appear in the end!

He slowly walked forward with his subordinates following behind him!

The continental memorial ceremony could be considered to have begun!

Under this kind of atmosphere, the 50 million people who came to the memorial ceremony did not speak. After all, under this kind of atmosphere, they could not speak either!

The supreme commander walked forward and began to give a speech, giving a speech for the heroes!

The speech was not short. It lasted for a full half an hour. Everyone was listening attentively!

On the tombstone of the heroes, the names began to shine from top to bottom!

The memorial ceremony was going on!

"The five God kings have arrived. They are the pillars of humanity in the Tian Ze continent for hundreds of thousands of years. They are the Saviors of humanity and our Reliance!"

"In this tribute, our godly monarchs will be giving their tributes!"

"We pay our respects to the five godly monarchs!"

Half an hour later, the highest commander looked around and said as he slowly half-kneeled on the ground!

"We pay our respects to the godly monarchs!"

The rest of the people also half-kneeled on the ground respectfully and shouted in unison!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The next moment, five figures came from different directions!

In the sky, the godly king of the sky and the godly king of swords looked at Wang Xian with sparkling eyes!

Wang Xian looked at them with a smile on his face as well!

It had begun!