Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2410: 2410 slaying the god King, the founding of the Dragon Palace

"We humans have been fighting against the sea monsters for millions of years. Countless predecessors have died in battle, and countless successors have come one after another

"All the soldiers who have died in battle are fighting for our Tianze continent, for a better home

"Today, I hope that all the humans of Tianze continent will remember the home that our predecessors protected with their lives, remember their blood, their sacrifices, and their fearlessness

"Work hard and become stronger. One day, we humans of Tianze continent will be able to pacify the entire underground sea and wipe out all the sea monsters!"

"For the soldiers who have died in battle, this is a salute!"

In the memorial grounds, Wang Xian and the five godly monarchs flew over. Xuan Tianzi's gaze swept across everyone in front of him and spoke first!

As the strongest existence in the entire Tianze continent, Xuan Tianzi's reputation and dignity was the best among all the godly monarchs!

Especially Xuan Tianzi's array formation, it was the defense line of the entire Tianze continent!

Everyone followed and saluted!

"All the humans of the Tianze continent should fight. The blood that is flowing now is to reduce the blood of future generations. In the future, everyone, cultivate, cultivate, fight, fight!"

"Only when the underground sea has calmed down can we stop our blood flow. I hope that in our generation, we can remove the hidden dangers of the Tianze continent. Blood, let us flow!"

After Xuan Tianzi finished his sentence, Mo Hen took a step forward and roared with a cold face! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Fight!"

In an instant, everyone was ignited by Mo Hen's fighting spirit. They clenched their fists and roared angrily!

If the underground sea was not pacified, the humans would shed another day's blood. As long as they pacified the underground sea, their descendants would not continue to shed blood!

This was almost the wish of all the parents in the entire continent!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the humans of the Tianze continent who were full of fighting spirit. A smile appeared on his face!

He looked at the celestial king of the sky and the celestial king of Swords. Seeing that they did not want to say anything, he took two steps forward indifferently!

"Dragon King, the Dragon King is about to speak!"

"What would the Dragon King Say?"

When everyone saw Wang Xian taking a few steps forward, their eyes flickered slightly!

The higher-ups of the Federation looked over as well. Then, they looked worriedly at the godly monarch of the sky and the godly monarch of the sword!

Would there be any accidents during today's memorial ceremony because of these two godly monarchs!

In front of the AI, everyone also saw Wang Xian walking out. Some of them were filled with respect, some were filled with complicated feelings, and some were filled with hatred!

"My Name Is Wang Xian. You can call me the Dragon King. The end of this calamity is mainly due to my breakthrough!"

"I have two things to announce with this memorial ceremony!"

"Firstly, I have decided to establish a force in the underground sea. I will name it the Dragon Palace and guard a region!"

"Secondly, this memorial ceremony should be the last one. Before long, the underground sea will be pacified and swept away by the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept forward. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly. A strong sense of confidence and dominance appeared on his face!

A faint sense of authority rose from within his body!

"This... Such strong confidence!"

"The Dragon Palace is able to pacify the underground sea? is that possible?"

When everyone heard Wang Xian's words, a look of astonishment appeared on their faces!

Establishing a force in the underground sea!

Pacifying the entire underground sea!

This... There was no godly king in the Tianze continent who had such great confidence!

"Hehehe, Dragon King, you killed countless experts from the city in the sky and the sword domain just to pave the way for the establishment of Your Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a cold voice came from the side!

"Pave the way? Our Dragon Palace will not recruit any subordinates from the Tianze continent. How can we pave the way?"

Wang Xian looked at the celestial king in the sky and said with a smile!

"Every time there is a catastrophe, hundreds of millions or even billions of us humans will die at the hands of the Sea Monsters!"

"Usually, tens of thousands or tens of thousands of soldiers have died at the hands of the Sea Monsters!"

"We have died in battle at the hands of the sea monsters, but we have no regrets. This is fate. However, if we die at the hands of humans, we will not be able to live up to it!"

"There are only soldiers who have died in battle. How can there be soldiers who have been killed by humans? Our Tianze continent has its own laws and rules. Anyone who kills Innocents will have to pay the price!"

"Dragon King, do you know your crime?"

The sky god King locked his gaze on Wang Xian and shouted with a cold expression!

"They're here!"

"Oh no!"

In front, everyone's expression changed slightly when they heard the sky god King's words!

This scene had finally arrived!

"Know your crime? A bunch of people who are courting death. So what if they die?"

Wang Xian looked at the sky god King and said with disdain!

"Hahaha, so what if you are good? All the top-notch experts in my sword domain and Sky City have been killed by you. Today, I will tell you how it is!"

"Today is the day of the memorial ceremony. I think it is just right to use your blood to pay tribute to the dead heroic spirit!"

The celestial king of the sky laughed maniacally and roared with killing intent in his voice!

"Use your blood to pay tribute to the heroic spirit!"

"Boom!"

The sky god King let out a low roar from the side. An incomparably terrifying aura shot straight into the sky!

"Buzz!"

"Don't affect the others. Otherwise, don't blame me for being impolite!"

Xuan tianzi waved his arm and sealed off his aura as he spoke indifferently!

Mo Hen looked at Xuan Tianzi and frowned. He didn't say a word!

"You Think You can kill me? Aren't you too confident?"

Wang Xian looked at the godly king of Sword and the Godly King of sky and asked coldly!

"Hahaha, Dragon King, you killed all the god Lords in Sky City. I will definitely take your blood for today's sacrifice. You will know very soon whether the two of us can kill you or Not!"

"Didn't you want to establish a force to pacify the underground sea? Then let us see your strength. If you can't even withstand our judgment, forget about pacifying the underground sea. Go To Hell!"

The sword god King moved and instantly appeared on the left of Wang Xian!

A huge sword floated above his head and locked onto Wang Xian!

The two of them stared at him coldly, one on the left and one on the right!

In an instant, the atmosphere around them changed drastically!

Everyone in front of them turned slightly pale!

"Sky Celestial King, Sword Celestial King, the two of you won't be able to keep the Dragon King alive. What's the point?"

Xuan Tianzi looked at them and said with a frown!

"Xuan Tianzi, the ones who died were all the experts from our sky city and sword domain. They were the blood and sweat of hundreds of thousands of years. What do you think?"

Sky Celestial King said to Xuan Tianzi with bloodshot eyes!

"I'm not wrong. The two of you won't be able to keep the Dragon King alive. It's just a waste of time!"

Xuan Tianzi said indifferently!

"Since we are going to make a move, we will naturally be prepared. Let's Make a move!"

The Godly Sword King Smiled Sinisterly and roared loudly!

Buzz

The next moment, a resplendent imprisonment ring flew towards Wang Xian at a terrifying speed. It came directly to the top of his head and imprisoned him!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Following that, figures suddenly appeared in front and behind Wang Xian!

Even in the sky, there was a middle-aged man floating in the air!

When everyone saw the three figures that suddenly appeared, their expressions changed drastically!