Chapter 2411: 2411 slaying godly monarchs, Dragon Palace Establishment 2

"What? These are... These are three godly monarchs. Hiss, why did three godly monarchs suddenly appear!"

"Who are those three people? Are they the helpers sky godly monarch and the others found?"

"These... three godly monarchs suddenly appeared?"

The moment the three people suddenly appeared, everyone revealed shocked expressions!

Three godly monarchs had actually appeared!

Even during the calamity, it was extremely difficult for the Tian Ze great land to invite a godly monarch. Now, the Sky Godly monarch and sword godly monarch had actually invited three godly monarchs!

This was completely beyond everyone's expectations!

"Three?"

Even Xuan Tianzi and Mo Hen's expressions changed when they saw this scene!

They knew how difficult it was to invite a godly monarch to help them!

Now, there were three godly monarchs helping them kill the Dragon King!

"It's not good for outsiders to participate in the matters of our Tianze continent!"

Xuan Tianzi's expression changed as he said to the Sky Godly monarch and sword godly monarch in a deep voice!

"Outsiders? Xuan Tianzi, godly monarch, the Dragon King is also an outsider. Can he kill people from our Sky City and Sword Domain?"

Sky Divine King roared with a gloomy face!

"Xuan Tianzi, battle technique mo hen, if any of you stop us from killing the Dragon King Today, don't blame us for having a life and death struggle!"

Sword Divine King stood straight with a sword as he threatened with a sinister tone!

Xuan Tianzi and invincible battle technique's expressions changed slightly!

Sky Divine King and Sword Divine King could really do such a thing!

Almost all the powerhouses that they had built up in their lifetime had been killed. They would definitely not be so satisfied!

"Three celestial kings, I, the Dragon King, should have no enmity with you, right?"

Wang Xian was surprised when he saw the three celestial kings that had suddenly appeared!

There were three foreign celestial kings, including the Sword Celestial King and the Sky Celestial King. There were a total of five celestial kings!

"Hehe, how can there be so many grudges in this world? Just do what you want!"

"If I want to kill you, I will kill you!"

The old man in front of them said with a carefree expression. He didn't put Wang Xian in his eyes at all!

The chances of two godly monarchs killing one were not high. It would be easy for the other party to escape!

If there were three of them, there was a high chance that they would be able to keep the other party here!

If there were four of them, with the imprisonment ring, there was a 90% chance that they would be able to keep the other party here!

The five of them had a 100% chance of suppressing their opponents!

"The confinement circle has been locked on. Is there no need for me to make a move?"

The middle-aged man said with a smile on his face!

"Are you courting death?"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the three of them. A hint of killing intent flashed across his eyes!

"Make your move as soon as possible. Don't waste time!"

An old man at the back heard Wang Xian's words and said indifferently!

Clang

The sharp sound of a sharp sword rang out!

Crash

Two huge angel swords that were emitting white rays of light!

The godly sword king pointed one huge sword at Wang Xian while the godly sky king pointed two huge swords. A pair of pure white wings appeared behind his back!

The killing intent instantly covered a radius of more than 10,000 kilometers!

Buzz

Xuan tianzi and battle tactic mo hen immediately flew towards the front of tens of millions of people to withstand the terrifying killing intent!

Otherwise, just the aftershocks would not be able to withstand the tens of millions of people. They would be severely injured!

"Do you need help?"

At the same time, Xuan Tianzi immediately sent a voice transmission to Wang Xian with an unpleasant expression!

"There's no need!"

A calm voice immediately reached his ears!

"The Dragon King is doomed. He's locked onto by the confinement circle and is besieged by five godly monarchs. He's completely doomed!"

"There's no way he can escape now. There are five godly monarchs. Any one of them might not be a match for him. After all, the Dragon King has just advanced to the god Lord Realm!"

"The Dragon King is in big trouble now. He might die. He just advanced to the god Lord Realm not long ago. He's really unlucky!"

"Who asked him to kill the experts of our Sky City and the sword domain? serves him right! serves him right!"

The appearance of the five godly monarchs caused everyone behind to panic. When they saw this scene, they were all discussing in shock!

"Hahaha, the Dragon King was still bragging about establishing a force to calm the underground sea. Now, he's about to fall. This is what you get for killing my grandfather!"

"Let Your Dragon King be arrogant and die! Lord Godly monarch, kill him!"

At this moment, on the AI, the descendants of the experts from the sword domain of Sky City saw this scene and revealed extremely ferocious expressions! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

They looked at the scenes on the AI and excitedly sent out messages one after another!

When the others saw this, they sighed in their hearts!

The Dragon King had just advanced and it was impossible for him to kill five people of the same level!

There was even no hope of escaping!

"Hahaha, Dragon King, let's see where you can escape to now. Very soon, I will use my blood to pay tribute to all the heroic spirits in Sky City!"

The sky god King couldn't help but laugh maniacally. His face was filled with bloodlust!

"Do you really think that five God kings can kill me?"

Wang Xian looked at them coldly!

"Make your move. A person who is about to die still dares to Shout!"

The godly sword king growled!

"Don't waste time. He is just a godly king who has just advanced!"

The old man in front of him said indifferently as well!

"Hahaha, Alright, Alright. Five godly kings. Today, My Dragon King will lead the Dragon Palace to kill five godly kings and announce the founding of the Dragon Palace!"

When Wang Xian heard their words, he laughed arrogantly and roared loudly!

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace!"

He roared in a low voice. At the same time, he moved his palm and the five elements millstone appeared in his hand!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Here!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, Ao Qi, and Mu Zesen appeared in all four directions!

With that, Ao Yao and the other Dragonspur Dragon Seed hid in the void!

"Hahaha, let's fight. Kill them all!"

Wang Xian roared and moved the five elements millstone in his hand!

Crack! Crack! Crack

In an instant, the five elements millstone in his hand rose into the sky!

Numerous black holes that seemed to be condensed from laws appeared in the entire sky in an instant!

The terrifying formation covered a radius of 20,000 kilometers. The entire memorial square was covered in it!

Even tens of millions of people were completely covered!

A completely independent world appeared!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The moment the black hole appeared, roars came from all directions!

The members of the Dragon Palace who had taken human forms immediately revealed themselves, and a wild and violent aura surged out in all directions!

The sudden change made everyone around them look extremely shocked!

They looked at the members of the Dragon Palace in shock, looking at the space around them!

"What... What's happening!"

Tens of millions of people were stunned, the upper echelons of the federation squinted as they looked at the four warriors of the Dragon Palace!

The strange space, the terrifying beasts, the powerful pressure!

The pressure from each of them was no weaker than the god Emperor!

Four undyings, another four undyings suddenly appeared!

Everyone couldn't help but take in a cold breath!