Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2412: 2412 beheading god King, Dragon Palace Establishment 3

"Let me introduce to you, the black hole spatial disturbance formation. This is also the formation that Sky City has always wanted. They even sent god Lord Level 9 and peak god Lord Experts to hunt me down!"

"The current power of this formation can prevent the immortal god King from returning to his immortal God country. Since you guys want to kill me, let's give it a try, hehehe!"

Wang Xian's voice resounded in everyone's ears from within the black hole-filled formation!

He stood in the middle of the five immortal kings, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he looked at the shocked people around him with a smile!

"Damn it!"

At this moment, the three people from the Heaven Beast Corporation revealed an extremely embarrassed expression!

Their eyes swept across AO xingmu and the rest as they clenched their fists tightly!

Four more godly monarch warriors had suddenly appeared!

They had not placed the Dragon King in their eyes before, now, they were in big trouble!

This strange array space was what they wanted to obtain, however the other party had five undying godly monarchs!

In a battle, they could forget about winning!

Even if they won, how many of them would still be alive?

"Sky God King, sword god King, didn't you say that there was only one god King?"

The elder in front growled with an embarrassed expression!

"This..."

At that moment, sword god King and sky god King's foreheads broke out in cold sweat!

Their expressions kept changing!

Five God kings, and the Dragon King actually had four God kings under him. There was a total of five!

Today, wanting to kill him was as difficult as ascending to the heavens!

The moment they couldn't kill him, the moment he retaliated, their sky city and sword domain would have no way to defend!

They wouldn't even dare to appear in the Tian Ze continent in the future!

Thinking of this, their expressions were extremely dark!

They had fallen this time, they had completely fallen!

Who would have thought that the Dragon King's Dragon Palace would be so terrifying!

"Four undyings and the Dragon Emperor actually has four god Emperor underlings, my God!"

"My God, is this the power of the Dragon Palace, this is too heaven defying, no wonder the Dragon Emperor would say something like calming the underground sea!"

"This... This... Sky and sword god Emperor have completely kicked a metal board!"

Below, tens of millions of people stared blankly ahead, swallowing hard!

The strength of the Dragon Palace was beyond everyone's expectations!

"Is this his trump card?"

Xuan Tianzi's expression changed slightly. including Wang Xian, there were a total of five godly monarchs. Even he himself couldn't withstand this force!

"I didn't expect it. I really didn't expect it. This time, it's Our Heaven Beast Corporation's fault. We won't participate in the battle between you guys!"

"In the future, Our Heaven Beast Corporation will not have any thoughts of attacking your formation!"

The three people from the Heaven Beast Corporation looked at each other with gloomy expressions. The old man in front of them looked at Wang Xian and said directly!

"What? Heaven Beast Corporation, you guys..."

"Shut up. We have been screwed by you guys this time. If it's possible, we really want to kill you guys!"

Sky Celestial King's expression changed when he heard the Heavenly Beast Corporation's expert's words. He immediately roared!

However, before he could finish his words, the elder in front of him interrupted him!

This time, in order to obtain the array formation, the Heavenly Beast Corporation did not hesitate to take out a precious confinement ring that could confine a first level godly monarch!

However, the current situation was actually facing five undying godly monarchs!

Five godly monarchs were no longer a small faction!

They could already pose a threat to the Heaven Beast Corporation. They knew that they could not suppress the other party, so they naturally gave up!

Although they had provoked the other party, it was not to the point where they would fight to the death!

Taking the opportunity to give up could reduce their losses!

When the sky and Sword Godly Monarchs saw the Heaven Beast Corporation's decision, a hint of fear flashed in their eyes!

Five against two, and it was still in this space. If they were to fight, they would definitely die in the end!

"If you want to kill me, then kill me. If you want to leave, then leave?"

Wang Xian looked at the three Immortal Godly Kings of the Heaven Beast Corporation with a hint of disdain on his face!

"What do you mean?"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, the expression of the old man at the front changed slightly. He stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"What do you mean? Of course, I want to keep you guys here!"

Wang Xian looked at him and smiled gently!

"Keep us here. hahaha, not to mention the celestial king of the sky and the godly king of swords, even without them, it's impossible for you guys to keep us here!"

"Dragon King, don't be ungrateful. Don't completely anger our Heaven Beast Corporation!"

The middle-aged man in the sky shouted with a cold face. His face was filled with killing intent!

"Hahaha, are all the Heaven Beast Corporation Trash? They came to kill me together with the sword god King, the sky god King. Now, they are actually fleeing in fear. What a joke. Since they are here, let's fight. Let's see who can get out alive in the end. hahaha!"

When Wang Xian saw the middle-aged man laughing maniacally, he also laughed maniacally with a cold face!

In a battle of the same level, Wang Xian had never been afraid of anyone!

The people from the Heaven Beast organization wanted to kill him. Now that he was so strong, they wanted to leave immediately?

Was that possible?

Since they had made up their minds, they had to pay the price!

"You..."

When the people from the Heaven Beast organization heard Wang Xian's words, their faces changed drastically. They scanned the four members of the Dragon Palace around them gloomily!

They had the same number of godly monarchs, yet the other party wanted to fight to the death with them!

This was something that they had never expected!

"Damn it!"

The three of them had ugly expressions on their faces. This time, their lives might be in danger!

"Sky Godly monarch, sword godly monarch, make your move. If you can't destroy me this time, I Will Smash Your High and Mighty Sky City to the ground!"

"I will break all the swords in your sword domain. If you want to kill me, you will have to pay the price!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the five of them as he spoke with a furious expression!

Waves of terrifying killing intent burst out from his body!

Tens of millions of people felt the invincible aura from the Dragon King. Their faces were filled with shock as they watched with their mouths Agape!

Five godly monarchs against five godly monarchs, and they actually dared to fight with their lives on the line!

"The Dragon King is too fierce. If they fight, the godly monarchs will also fall!"

"This is too..."

Everyone was at a loss for words. They stared with their eyes wide open!

Among them, the people from the city in the sky and the sword domain looked extremely embarrassed!

Would their godly monarch be a match for the Dragon King?

Would the city in the sky and the sword domain really be destroyed in the future?

At this moment, especially on the AI!

The scene before their eyes was clearly displayed on the AI. The entire Tianze continent's 100 billion people watched in a daze!

Aghast, aghast!

The comments that had arrogantly said that they would destroy the Dragon King had disappeared!

At this moment, everyone in the sword domain and Sky City felt endless fear! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The strength of the Dragon Palace was no longer something that their godly monarchs could contend against. Next, the Sky City and the sword domain would probably face a huge disaster!

Was it possible to pray that their godly monarchs would kill the Dragon King and destroy the Dragon Palace?