Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2413: 2413 beheading god King, Dragon Palace founding era 4

"Good, good, good. Dragon King, do you really think we are afraid of You? You have just reached the immortal god King Realm and a god King who has just reached the immortal god King Realm Dares to fight with us, Hahaha!"

"The three of you from the Heaven Beast Corporation, you have been accused of being trash and the other party won't let you off. Aren't you going to make your move now?"

Sword god King held the huge sword in his hand tightly and roared at the three people from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"HMPH, shut up. Today, Our Heaven Beast Corporation is going to kill three godly monarchs. Two of them will be handed over to you!"

The old man at the front of the Heaven Beast Corporation roared at sword god King with a cold expression. He stared at Wang Xian and said with a cold expression!

"Since that's the case, let's fight. Hahaha, leave the Dragon King to me. I want to kill him with my own hands!"

The Sky Celestial King's face was ice-cold as he locked onto the Wang Immortal and roared in an eerie manner!

"HMPH, you must leave the Dragon King to us. East Heaven, you take over the Dragon King!"

The old man at the front of the Heaven Beast Corporation immediately retorted as he spoke to the middle-aged man in the sky!

"Alright!"

The middle-aged man in the sky nodded and replied loudly!

He was still very confident in dealing with a celestial king who had just advanced. He wanted to suppress him and obtain the array formation that was currently trapping them!

"HMPH!"

The god King in the sky saw that his opponent wanted to deal with the Dragon King. He snorted and didn't continue to fight. He knew that his opponent still wanted to obtain the array!

"Very good, Kill!"

Wang Xian saw that his opponent was still fighting with him. A smile appeared on his face!

He moved his body and instantly attacked the middle-aged man in the sky. His arm instantly turned into a dragon claw. The seven-colored Dragon Claw tore towards him!

"You're courting death. A thing that has just advanced to the immortal godly monarch realm dares to fight against me!"

The middle-aged man shouted and a pagoda appeared in his hand!

The pagoda was red and the law flames on it were burning!

He waved his arm and the pagoda instantly became bigger and attacked Wang Xian!

Boom

A terrifying collision represented the eruption of the battle!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, and the others roared! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

A violent aura spread out like a terrifying hurricane!

The blood-red energy was filled with blood and brutality. The two of them attacked the sky celestial king and Sword Celestial King together!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Mou Zesen pulled apart the distance and locked onto one of them with a terrifying bow and arrow!

Ao Xingmu, on the other hand, waved his branches and headed straight for the other two godly monarchs of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

The two of them joined forces to fight against the two of them!

The battle completely erupted!

The area affected by the battle between the two godly monarchs could reach a radius of over 10,000 kilometers!

The battle between the Ten Godly monarchs in this space appeared to be very small!

Some of the aftershocks hit the black hole disturbing the air array formation and set off waves of ripples!

This array formation might soon be destroyed by the aftershocks!

"Weng!"

Below, Xuan Tianzi immediately set up a large array formation, enveloping tens of millions of people inside!

"No one is to walk out of the Array Formation!"

He shouted softly as his eyes sparkled as he looked at the battle above!

"Big Brother Xuan Tianzi, should we take action to destroy the Sky Celestial King and Sword Celestial King!"

At that moment, battle technique mo hen's voice suddenly reached Xuan Tianzi's ears, causing him to be slightly stunned as he looked over in astonishment!

"Hehe, our battle technique aristocratic clan owes the Dragon King a huge favor. I might take action later!"

Battle technique mo hen looked at him and smiled, his voice ringing in his mind!

"Yes, now that I can guarantee that I can destroy the sky celestial king and Sword Celestial King, I'm prepared to take action. However, it's not easy to kill the people from the Heaven Beast Corporation. Otherwise, they might deal with our Tianze continent!"

Xuan Tianzi replied indifferently!

"Alright, find an opportunity to take action. It's best to kill them in one strike!"

The battle method Mo Hen said!

"Is this the battle between the god Kings? It's too terrifying. The void seems to be tearing apart with cracks!"

"Substantial laws can cause cracks to appear in the void. The Immortal God King's divine kingdom is within the void cracks!"

"If the five-on-five battle continues, there might really be a god King dying!"

From the back, everyone looked at the battle in the sky in shock. This was the first time that a godly monarch's battle was so close to them!

"I wonder who will win!"

"No matter who wins, as long as the Dragon King doesn't die, the city in the sky and the sword domain will be the biggest losers. After all, the Heavenly Beast Corporation won't protect them!"

"What's going on with the battle now? The speed is too fast. I Can't see it at all!"

Everyone on the AI was watching the video. At this moment, the video was filled with all sorts of colors. They couldn't see the battle clearly at all!

"Suppress him for me. How dare a trash like you, who has just advanced to the godly king level, Provoke Our Heaven Beast Corporation!"

"I gave you a chance, but you didn't cherish it!"

In the middle of the battlefield, the middle-aged man's eyes were filled with killing intent. The Flaming Pagoda in his hand instantly expanded to a radius of more than a thousand kilometers!

The Flaming Pagoda emitted a loud burning sound!

The gigantic pagoda was pressing down on Wang Xian!

He stood on the pagoda and infused the power of laws into it. It was as if a god of fire had descended from the sky!

"Oh no, that fellow's divine weapon is very strong. The Dragon King has just advanced to the immortal god King level. He might not be able to block it!"

Below, Mo Hen, who was using the battle technique, exclaimed in shock when he saw this attack!

"Eh? The Dragon King is not his opponent?"

"It's normal that he is not his opponent. After all, the Dragon King has just advanced to the immortal godly king level!"

Those who heard from behind were slightly shocked as they discussed among themselves!

"Hehe, this is the time!"

Wang Xian looked at the Flaming Pagoda in the sky and revealed a smile!

He looked at the middle-aged godly king of the Heaven Beast Corporation who was looking down on him ferociously. His face was filled with mockery!

Buzz

At this moment, Ao Yao's figure appeared behind the middle-aged godly King!

"Provoking Your Heaven Beast Corporation? You are courting death. Remember, don't provoke me in your next life!"

Wang Xian looked at the middle-aged godly king and said indifferently!

"Huh?"

The middle-aged godly king was slightly stunned when he saw Wang Xian's confidence!

Suddenly, a death threat shrouded his heart. This caused him to be filled with horror!

What was going on? Why did he feel the threat of death?

His body instantly burst out with terrifying fire laws!

"PFFT!"

However, at that instant, a claw that was as sharp as a dagger stabbed into the top of his head!

The scythe-like claw pierced straight through his neck!

One was light, while the other was darkness. Two extreme energies entered his body, instantly extinguishing his life force!

"No!"

The middle-aged godly monarch felt the life force in his body rapidly disappear. He widened his eyes and shouted in disbelief!

His voice was filled with despair and fear!

He could not believe that such a terrifying existence was hiding in this void!

"What!"

"Eastern Sky!"

The other two godly monarchs of the Heaven Beast Corporation were horrified when they heard this despairing voice. They hurriedly turned their heads and looked over!

When they saw a strange black and white shadow attached to the middle-aged man's back, their pupils constricted. They were filled with shock!