Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2414: 2414 slaying the godly king, Dragon Palace Establishment 5

"What!"

"What happened? What's going on?"

The middle-aged godly king of the Heavenly Beast Group roared, causing everyone to be stunned!

Below, everyone looked up in a daze, but most of them couldn't see the exact situation!

"This... The Dragon King is still prepared. This terrifying assassination of the godly king is so powerful!"

Mo Hen also saw the strange black and white figure. Looking at the figure behind the middle-aged godly monarch, he felt his scalp tingling!

If this figure suddenly appeared behind him, he would be severely injured even if he didn't die!

This was too strange!

"This creature is indeed terrifying and impossible to guard against. No wonder little brother Wang Xian is so confident!"

Xuan Tianzi was also staring at Ao Yao with a solemn expression!

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, there was a high possibility of killing him!

"Oh no, a godly monarch from the Heaven Beast Corporation was actually killed. Damn it, is he trash?"

The Sky Godly monarch turned his head and roared furiously when he saw this scene with blood-red eyes!

"The other party has an immortal godly monarch who is good at hiding and assassinating. Be careful, everyone be careful!"

Sword god King looked over, his eyes revealing a trace of fear as he roared loudly!

Suddenly, a strange assassination of a godly monarch appeared. Their side instantly lost one person, and the current situation was six against four!

The moment another person fell, it was very likely that all of them would die here today!

"Damn it, damn it, break this array formation and let's escape!"

The two godly kings of the Heaven Beast Corporation roared furiously with a face full of shock and anger!

They could no longer win this battle. Since they could not win, there was no need for them to fight anymore. They had to escape immediately!

The two of them did not hesitate at all. They took on the attacks of Mou Zesen and AO xingmu head-on and charged towards the black hole disturbing formation!

"Ao Yao, let's block them. Don't let them escape!"

The black hole interference formation could not withstand their attacks!

When Wang Xian saw that they wanted to escape, his eyes were filled with coldness!

He moved his body and instantly attacked one of the elders!

"Break it open and resist the attacks from behind!"

When the elder who was the leader of the Heaven Beast Corporation saw Wang Xian and the rest attacking, he gritted his teeth and shouted loudly!

"Alright!"

The other old man responded loudly. He clenched his teeth as well and a huge shield appeared behind him!

"Lock onto one of them!"

Wang Xian roared furiously and the four of them attacked one of the old men!

"Ah, I'll hold them off. Elder Liu, you break the formation!"

The old man who was attacked sensed the terrifying energy behind him and didn't dare to continue attacking the formation. He immediately turned around and ignited his life force to unleash a terrifying defense!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The attacks of Wang Xian, Ao Xingmu, and Mu Zesen landed on his defense and immediately shattered it!

The terrifying power of laws landed on his body and sent him flying backward. He was seriously injured!

In a four-on-one situation, unless one had a terrifying formation like Xuan Tianzi, it would be difficult to withstand it!

Clearly, the old man did not have Xuan Tianzi's strength!

"Bang!"

At this moment, another old man's attack landed on the black hole disturbing the air formation, causing the entire formation to shake violently!

"Hold on for another three seconds!"

When the old man saw the violent fluctuations of the formation, a bright light appeared in his eyes, and he immediately roared loudly!

"Good!"

The injured old man roared loudly. In three seconds, he could block it!

Weng

However in the next moment, the threat of death engulfed him, a black and white shadow appeared behind him!

Pu

The old man didn't have any strength to resist, he was instantly pierced through by the sharp claws!

He stared wide eyed, filled with disbelief!

Another one, another undying emperor!

Cough Cough Cough

The old man coughed violently as large amounts of blood flowed out!

The old man who was attacking the array formation froze. He turned his head stiffly and when he saw this scene, his eyes were filled with fear and shock!

"No, Dragon King, if you dare to Kill Us, Our Heavenly Beast Corporation will not let you off!"

The old man's expression was savage as he roared in fear! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Two of them. In less than a minute, the two godly monarchs of the Heaven Beast Corporation were assassinated!

He was the only one left!

What made him feel the most despair was that there were seven godly monarchs!

Seven of them, a total of seven. Among them, there were two terrifying assassins!

As for whether there were such terrifying existences in the surrounding void, he was not sure!

"Surround and kill!"

When Wang Xian heard his threat, his face was filled with disdain!

In the beginning, the three people from the Heaven Beast Corporation didn't put him in their eyes. Now?

Hehe!

Even if they knelt down and begged him, he wouldn't let them off!

Boom! Boom! Boom

With Wang Xian's order, the next moment, all of them attacked the old man directly!

Five against one. With the strength of Ao Yao and the other dragonspur, it was a piece of cake to kill him!

"No, no, no!"

When Ao Yao and the rest appeared around the old man, and when Wang Xian, Mou Zesen, and Ao Xingmu's attack came from the front, the last old man of the Heaven Beast Group let out a desperate roar!

The Gap was too big!

It was so big that he could not put up any resistance at all!

Ao Yao and the rest had to spend 1.5 times more resources than the other dragon species to raise their combat strength to immortal king level. Similarly, once they had the combat strength of immortal King Level 1.., it meant that they could almost instantly kill those of the same level!

This was something that the other dragon species could not do!

When the last scream of the Heaven Beast Corporation rang out, it meant that three immortal king level experts had fallen!

"There are still two more!"

Wang Xian casually put away their corpses and looked to the side!

Ao Qitian and Ao Qi were fighting against the sky god King and Sword God King!

However, at this moment, they were not fighting together!

The atmosphere in the entire space was a little strange. The Sky Celestial King and the Sword Celestial King looked at Ao Qitian and the rest warily from afar. Their eyes were looking in Wang Xian's direction!

At this moment, their foreheads were covered in cold sweat and their faces were extremely pale!

Even the sword that the sword celestial king was holding was trembling!

"Gulp!"

Below them, everyone swallowed their saliva and looked up at the sky in shock!

Without the explosion of energy, many people could see it clearly!

In less than two minutes, the three godly monarchs of the Heaven Beast Corporation had completely fallen!

They did not have the slightest ability to resist!

However, there were two more godly monarchs on the Dragon King's side, two powerful and strange godly monarchs!

They looked at sky and Sword Godly monarchs and smacked their lips!

Looking at their pale faces and despair-filled expressions, the two of them were in a Daze!

Now that it was two against seven, three undying godly monarchs had been destroyed within two minutes. How many seconds could the two of them hold out?

This time, sky and Sword Godly Monarchs were completely defeated!