Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2415: 2415 killing God Emperor, Dragon Palace Establishment 6

"This... is over, sky god Emperor and sword God Emperor are finished, the Dragon Emperor and Dragon Palace are so strong!"

"They are simply too strong, seven undying God emperors and two mysterious God Emperor Assassins, no Wonder Dragon Emperor said that the dragon palace can calm the underground sea, seven undying God emperors, it might be possible!"

"It's over, our sky city is completely finished, Dragon King and the others are actually so powerful, we are completely finished!"

Within the black hole space, everyone below looked up and gulped!

Shock, fear, respect!

Especially the people from Sky City and the sword domain, looking at this scene, their bodies trembled!

Such a powerful Dragon King, such a powerful Dragon Palace, how could they defend?

They could already predict the outcome!

"The city in the sky and the sword domain are completely cold. Now pack up and get ready to run!"

"Hahaha, just now you arrogantly said that the Dragon King will die. Now It's cold, the city in the sky pill of the Sword Domain!"

On the AI, everyone in the Tianze continent looked at this scene in shock!

However, at this moment, some people on the bullet screen began to mock!

The two godly kings were the heroes of the entire Tianze continent, but the Dragon King was also their hero!

Now that the Dragon King had displayed such terrifying strength, many people were happy to see it!

This was because the Dragon King was preparing to establish his power in the underground sea, which was a good thing for the entire Tianze continent!

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, even if they could not calm the underground sea, they could reduce the danger for humanity!

Seven Undying Godly monarchs, this power was much stronger than the entire Tian Ze continent!

"Sigh, pack up and run!"

"Let's go to the mysterious sky territory, the mysterious sky territory is not bad!"

"Now that the godly monarch is dead, the top warriors of our two regions have all been killed. Even if we stay here, we will not be able to withstand the invasion of the sea monsters. Let's Go!"

The Sky City and sword domain people watched, many of them started to pack their things!

The Sky City and sword domain were completely cold!

"Dragon... Dragon Emperor, we... We have something to talk about. As the god Emperor of the Tian Ze continent, give us a chance!"

Within the black hole space, sword god Emperor looked at the 7 undyings surrounding them. He licked his lips and said with a pale face!

His voice was weak and did not have the sharpness and sharpness of sword principle at all!

"I'm not the god King of the Tianze continent, and this is what you said!"

Wang Xian looked at him mockingly when he heard his words!

"Dragon King, leave a line in your work. In the future, we swear that we will never find trouble with you again. We are willing to take out all our savings to save Our Lives!"

The celestial king of the sky stood there and his expression kept changing as he spoke to Wang Xian!

"Hehe, I don't believe in you guys. I only believe in dead people!"

"Do it!"

Wang Xian smiled sinisterly and ordered immediately!

At the same time, his body moved and he attacked the celestial king of the sky directly!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Buzz! Buzz

The next moment, the members of the Dragon Palace took action immediately. Ao Yao and the rest immediately hid in the void and were ready to launch a fatal attack at any time!

"Oh no!"

The two of them were horrified when they saw Wang Xian and the rest charging over!

"Celestial King Xuan Tianzi, please save us. As long as we are still alive, all of us can work together to calm the entire underground sea!"

"Save us!"

The celestial king of the sky looked at Celestial King Xuan Tianzi and pleaded with a face full of pleading!

"I can't make the decision on this!"

Xuan Tianzi replied coldly when he heard his plea for help!

Just now, he was not allowed to interfere, but now he wanted him to save them. was that possible?

If he did not say it, he would not agree, and neither would the Dragon King!

The people from the Heaven Beast Corporation had been killed, so they had to die!

"No, no, save us. As long as you do not kill us, we are willing to do anything!"

The Sky Celestial King roared in fear!

"No one can save you today. You have brought this on yourselves!"

Wang Xian stared at him coldly!

A terrifying energy blasted out. Faced with the attacks from Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace, they kept retreating!

As they retreated, they had to be careful of the assassinations around them!

Buzz

More than ten seconds later, Ao Yao and the other Dragonspur appeared beside the sky celestial king at the same time!

"Ah!"

The moment they appeared, Sky God Emperor's eyes widened as his blood red eyes roared in terror!

How could he defend against that?

He might not even be able to defend against one dragonspine's assassination, much less two!

"Ah!"

A scream sounded, it represented the fall of Sky God Emperor!

An undying God emperor that had suppressed the Tian Ze continent for hundreds of thousands of years had fallen under the attention of everyone in the Tian Ze continent!

"Once sky god King dies, it will be sword god King's turn. There's no room for Resistance!"

Everyone thought to themselves when they saw this scene!

The following battle was just as everyone had expected!

One against seven, even though sword god King was much stronger than sky god King, he was still swiftly killed!

"Peng!"

As sword god King's corpse crashed heavily onto the ground, everyone pursed their lips!

The end of the two godly kings represented the end of the two forces!

The city in the sky and the sword domain might soon disappear from the stage of the Tianze continent!

Buzz

Wang Xian landed on the ground and collected the bodies of the two godly kings. With a wave of his arm, the formation disappeared completely!

"I hereby announce that the Dragon Palace will enter the underground sea of the Tianze continent. Soon, the Dragon Palace will unify the sea!"

Wang Xian stood at the front and looked at the tens of millions of people in front of him!

Under the gaze of everyone in the Tianze continent, he announced calmly!

"Hehe, Congratulations on the establishment of the Dragon Palace, Dragon King!"

Xuan Tianzi looked at Wang Xian and cupped his hands with a smile on his face to congratulate him!

"Congratulations, Congratulations!"

Mo Hen, the battle technique, also said with a smile!

"Haha, the Dragon Palace will open in three days. Welcome, everyone. We will not disturb you anymore today!"

Wang Xian said with a smile on his face!

"Ao Qitian and Ao qi, lead some disciples of the Dragon Palace to the city in the sky and the sword domain. Bring all the eternal and immortal kingdoms of the two major forces to the Dragon Palace!"

He said the last sentence and flew directly to the underground sea!

Everyone heard the last sentence clearly!

Xuan Tianzi and the rest did not say anything!

The winner takes all. The Dragon King and the others deserved the spoils of war!

Moreover, the Dragon King didn't kill ordinary people, so they wouldn't stop him!

"The Tianze Continent Federation has announced that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is one of the highest commanders in the Tianze continent. The troops of the Tianze Continent Federation are under the command of the Dragon King!"

"The Dragon King has averted this catastrophe. There is a high possibility of pacifying the underground sea in the future. The Dragon King will forever remember the history of our Tianze continent and be worshipped by the people of the world!"

The supreme commander of the Federation stepped forward and announced an order! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace had completely entered the Tianze continent and entered this bright area!