Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2416: 2416 Dragon Palace was established, and it was the Heaven Beast Corporation

"The harvest this time is not bad!"

In the underground sea, Wang Xian was looking around with a smile on his face!

The corpses of five immortal godly monarchs could increase the combat strength of five immortal godly monarchs for the Dragon Palace after being killed!

In addition to the treasures in their interspatial rings, they could increase the combat strength of five to six peak-stage godly monarchs for the Dragon Palace!

Among them, the sky god King and Sword God King's immortal God country, Wang Xian was prepared to let ao crab devour them all!

After he devoured them, he could completely reach the immortal god King level!

This was not the combat strength of an immortal god King, but the immortal god King level. At that time, with his strength, he could fight against an eternal god Lord Level 3 existence!

After all, he could directly devour the Eternal God country of two immortal God Kings!

Once ao crab truly stepped into the level of an undying godly monarch, the underground Sea King Immortal would be able to get rid of him immediately!

Thinking of this, a smile appeared on his face!

Next, I have to find a place for the Dragon Palace. Since I have decided to unify the underground sea as soon as possible, the best location would be the Central Region

Wang Xian thought to himself. He took out his AI and looked at the map of the Tian Ze continent!

The map of the Tianze continent was basically 50% split between the land and the ocean. Of course, this did not include the underground ocean beneath the land!

"Why don't I place the Dragon Palace at the wall of Protection?"

Wang Xian was deep in thought!

The wall of protection was considered to be the border between the ocean and the land!

There was an important reason why Wang Xian announced the establishment of the Dragon Palace in such a grand manner!

That was to prepare for the gathering of resources for the Dragon Palace!

The fire hammer clan was a natural-born blacksmith. The weapons they produced could bring a lot of resources to the Dragon Palace!

Furthermore, Feng Luan was good at refining medicine. The pills she refined could also bring a huge amount of resources to the Dragon Palace!

The improvement of the Dragon Palace would depend on the Dragon Palace itself!

This way, it would not drag Wang Xian down and could even feed him back!

"It's at the bottom of the sea in front of the wall of protection!"

Wang Xian immediately decided to fly towards the location of the wall of protection!

After his strength had improved, his speed was much faster. Furthermore, he did not have to worry about encountering sea monsters even if he teleported!

In the entire underground sea, unless a few immortal godly monarchs gathered together, there would not be any problems!

As Wang Xian flew towards the wall of protection, the entire Tianze continent was in turmoil!

The Dragon King led his six subordinates to kill the Sky Godly monarch, sword godly monarch, and even the three godly monarchs of the Heaven Beast Corporation. Everyone was clear about this!

The death of the Sky Godly monarch and sword godly monarch represented the complete decline of the city in the sky and the sword domain!

The two godly monarchs of the Dragon Palace brought their men and flew towards the city in the sky and the sword domain!

The arrival of the two god Kings did not kill the innocent. However, all the God lords and treasures that were killed in the sky city were taken away by the Dragon Palace!

No one dared to take advantage of the situation!

This was because they were like ants in front of the god Kings!

Later on, the Federation government sent people over to contact the two God kings of the Dragon Palace, hoping that they would not completely destroy the sky city and the sword domain!

They also promised to give 50% of the taxes of the city in the sky and the sword domain to the Dragon Palace in the future!

As for the city in the sky and the sword domain, they would be taken over by the Federation. If the sea monsters invaded the city in the sky and the sword domain in the future, the Dragon Palace would help to guard it!

Wang Xian naturally agreed to such a good thing after he received it!

He would be able to obtain a terrifying amount of resources without paying anything. Wang Xian was naturally happy to see that!

Therefore, he did not order AO Qitian and the rest to destroy the city in the sky!

Everyone in the city in the sky and the sword domain heaved a sigh of relief when they received the news!

This was the best thing for them. They did not have to move away. They would still have the protection of the Dragon Palace in the future. It was a pleasant surprise!

"This is it!"

At the bottom of the sea 100 kilometers away from the wall of protection!

Wang Xian, Ao Xingmu, and the rest were standing at the bottom of the sea that was more than 100 million kilometers deep. Their eyes scanned their surroundings!

Buzz

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat. The Phantom image of the Dragon Palace appeared behind him. The Phantom image slowly materialized!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Soon, a dragon palace that was more than 1,000 kilometers in circumference appeared in front of them!

The Majestic Dragon Gate and the towering ocean-pacifying needle!

A vast aura!

"I've finally found my footing in this resplendent land!"

Wang Xian looked at the Dragon Palace in front of him and smiled!

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, good news came from the communication stone plate in Wang Xian's hand! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Immortal Kingdom of the sky god King and the sword god King had been found!

It was difficult to find the immortal kingdom hidden in the void crack. However, the two of them had been killed. Through their auras, they could find the location of their immortal kingdom!

This was the effect of the array formation. Wang Xian had used the array formation to give them a rough location!

"Five immortal King Corpses, two immortal kingdoms, and thousands of eternal kingdoms. The Dragon Palace's strength this time will receive a huge boost!"

Wang Xian smiled!

This time, Ao Crab's devouring dragon race would receive a huge boost!

With the least estimation, the peak combat strength of the Divine Lord of the Dragon Palace could reach up to a hundred!

Including himself, the combat strength of the Divine Lord could reach thirteen!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, prepare to upgrade. Ao crab, prepare to step into the immortal divine Lord Realm!"

Wang Xian growled in a low voice, his voice reverberating throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

"This is bad, chairman. Something Bad has happened to the three Chief Executives of Our Heaven Beast Group who are heading to the Tian Ze continent!"

At this moment, on a planet far away!

The entire planet was dominated by technology, and many shiny metal buildings rose into the sky!

In the sky, there were even many floating metal buildings, and the entire world was filled with fantasy!

And in a room on top of a huge steel beast that was more than a hundred kilometers in size!

The Steel Beast, a true giant beast, had the appearance of a terrifying and ferocious space beast, and from afar, it was terrifying!

This was a terrifying building made of metal, and it was also the lair of the Heavenly Beast Corporation!

The Heavenly Beast Corporation was considered a third-rate force in this region. However, even if it was a fourth-or fifth-rate force, it was still one of the top 100 billion planets in this region!

Inside the head of the steel behemoth, an old man entered a chairman's office to report in a Panic!

"Oh?"

There was a huge difference between the inside and the outside of the giant beast. The incomparably precious divine grass and divine tree were planted inside. An old man was sitting on a beast bone chair!

When he heard his subordinate's report, his expression changed slightly and he immediately stood up!

"What's going on?"

"What's the problem over at the Tianze Continent?"

The old man stood up and asked with a somewhat ugly expression!

A godly monarch was called the chairman. Such a thing was absolutely strange on earth in the past, but it was not rare in this resplendent land!

The resplendent land created many kinds of civilizations!

"The person in charge of contacting the three bosses had no contact for a long time, so they went to the Heaven Lake Continent to investigate. In the end, they received news that the three bosses were killed!"