Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2418: 2418 Dragon Palace is established, sea monsters attack 1

"The Dragon Palace will open in three days. Ao crab and the rest should be able to complete the upgrade!"

In the Dragon King's Hall of the Underground Sea Dragon Palace, Wang Xian sat on the Dragon Throne and looked at the members of the Dragon Palace in front of him!

Behind him, there were more than 20 fruits on the ancestral tree. Each of them contained a magical luster!

"Dragon King, it is estimated that there will be many people who will come and present gifts. At least 100,000 people!"

"We have already arranged a banquet at the East Gate of the Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui said from below!

Since they had invited some powerhouses from the Tianze continent, they naturally had to be prepared!

This was also to pave the way for the fire hammer clan to sell their weapons in the future!

"Yes, that's fine. In addition, AO Qitian and Ao Qi, you guys lead the members of the Dragon Palace to clear the sea monsters in the surroundings. This is to prevent the sea monsters from coming and disturbing us!"

Wang Xian nodded and ordered ao Qitian and the rest!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian and the rest nodded immediately and led the members of the Dragon Palace to fly to the surroundings!

"After ao crab and the rest upgrade, they can clear out the sea monsters in the underground sea. If they can devour all the immortal King Level Sea Monsters in the underground sea, their levels can be upgraded by one level!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at the dragon transformation pool behind him!

Once the underground sea was taken care of, the Dragon Palace would enter this bright starry sky!

They would be competing with the demons, humans, desolate beasts, and space beasts as well as the robots!

"I heard that the Dragon King has built a powerful base in the underground sea. This is simply too powerful. We are afraid of the sea monsters attacking us on land, but the Dragon King has placed the Dragon Palace in the Underground Sea!"

"Hahaha, the Dragon Palace has 7 undying emperors, the dragon palace has the ability, this time when the palace opens, I'll follow my grandfather to take a look, I'll take photos of you!"

"I've never even been to the 5th level of the underground sea, I really want to take a look, the Dragon Palace's power is too strong!"

"I heard that the Dragon Palace is at the lowest level of the underground sea in front of the wall of protection, over 100 million km below the sea!"

While the members of the Dragon Palace were preparing for the event three days later, discussions about the Dragon Palace were going on in the brain of the Tianze continent!

The battle yesterday had made the entire Tianze continent boil. Everyone was full of respect for the Dragon King!

Everyone was curious about the Dragon Palace and wanted to go there to have a look!

However, many people were not qualified to go there. The Dragon Palace would be opened three days later. Only a master God realm expert or a master God realm expert would be qualified to go there!

Everyone could also predict that those who were qualified to go to the Tianze continent would go there to express their goodwill!

After all, the Dragon Palace was now the most powerful force in the entire Tianze continent!

Even now, the people from the mysterious sky territory and the land of battle techniques were not a match for the Dragon Palace!

Time passed very quickly!

While the entire Tianze continent was talking about the Dragon Palace, an old man stood on a giant beast in the sky above the Tianze continent and stepped into the Tianze continent's territory!

"Time is of the essence. Tian Gu, look for the aura of a similar species!"

The old man held a brain and patted the Tian Gu King Beast's body!

The person who came was naturally someone from the Heaven Beast Corporation. One Man and one beast, they were both level 2 immortal king existences!

"Roar Roar!"

The Tian Gu King Beast let out a low roar!

The underground sea monsters were desolate beasts. They could sense each other when they were of the same species. Especially when they were close, they could sense the other party's territory!

The desolate beasts'domain awareness was very strong!

The Sky Valley King Beast was a little bloated, it was about 3,000 meters long, it shook its body and immediately flew into the Underground Sea!

"The Tian Ze continent's AI recorded the general location of the four undying god King Sea Monsters, as long as we find them, with Sky Valley's ability, we can find the other desolate beasts, as for how many we can attract, we aren't sure!"

"However, the Dragon Palace will definitely pay the price. HMPH, this is just the beginning!"

The old man watched as the Tian Gu King Beast entered the ocean. His body moved and he flew towards the wall of protection!

He had to determine the exact location of the Dragon Palace in the ocean before the wall of protection. Otherwise, if he didn't know the exact location, the sea monsters wouldn't know where to attack!

"Roar!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Time passed slowly. In the ocean of the underground sea, a giant bloated beast came to a spot in the underground sea and let out a low roar!

"Roar! Roar!"

Soon, a horrifying monster that was as huge as a sea python came out of the seaweed and stuck out its ferocious head!

"Roar! Roar!"

The King of Sky Valley stared at the sea monster in front of him and let out a low roar again!

"Roar!"

The sea monster that looked like a sea python responded!

The two terrifying existences were talking slowly in this way!

Soon, the Sea Python followed the bloated giant beast and flew in another direction!

"Eh, why are there so many sea monsters in our area today?"

Two days later, ao Yasha and the others from the Dragon Palace were patrolling the area within tens of millions of kilometers!

What surprised them was that today, the sea monsters in the vicinity suddenly increased!

One had to know that in the past two days, leader Ao and the others had led the Thunder Division to kill all the sea monsters in the vicinity, and today, there were so many more!

And there was even a pinnacle god Lord, it was a huge surprise!

However, even though it was a surprise, ao Yaksha and the others swiftly killed the sea monsters they encountered!

"A radius of over 1,000 km, is this a god Emperor's undying country? Where are the other six hidden?"

"Hehe, the Dragon Palace has announced the establishment of the underground sea, then I would like to see this place destroyed by the desolate beasts that day, it's really interesting!"

The corners of his mouth curled up!

"Chief Bei, How's it going?"

At this time, 5 silhouettes slowly appeared behind him!

"Are they here? It's done, the Tian Gu King Beast has persuaded all the Undying Sea Monsters, a total of 15,1 undying level 2!"

"Originally many undying sea monsters didn't want to invade humans, but the other side had dug their own grave and built their nest in the underground sea, offending all the sea monsters, this place will no longer exist tomorrow!"

The old chief bei saw the silhouette behind him and smiled as he said!

"If we are lucky tomorrow, we can kill them all!"

An old man said coldly!

"Looking at the situation tomorrow, it's mainly those two strange assassins. If we are 100% sure that we can kill them, we can take action. Otherwise, try not to take action!"

Chief bei said to the others!

"It's chief bei. We know what to do!"

The rest of them nodded and looked at the Majestic Dragon Palace at the bottom of the sea with twinkling eyes!

In their eyes, this vast dragon palace was nothing but a ruin!

Buzz

The six of them swept their gaze down and slowly disappeared from the spot!

Everything depended on tomorrow!

"Dragon King, ao crab and the rest have advanced!"

At this time, in the Dragon Palace below, Prime Minister Gui reported to Wang Xian with a face full of surprise!