Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2419: 2419 Dragon Palace is established, sea monsters attack 2

On the seventh day of the catastrophe, there were no clouds in the sky above the ocean!

The sunlight shone on the surface of the ocean, making the entire surface of the ocean look sparkling!

"I wonder what the Dragon Palace of the Dragon King looks like!"

"The Dragon King and the others are also very powerful since they dared to put the dragon palace in the ocean in front of our wall of protection. You should know that the sea monsters will invade from here every time there is a catastrophe, and the Dragon Palace will definitely bear the brunt of it!"

"If the dragon palace can really calm down the underground ocean, that would be great, we can enter the underground ocean to play!"

On the wall of protection, over 100,000 people gathered, most of them were middle aged and old!

Some of the youths beside the middle aged man were filled with excitement!

Going to the residence of an undying God Emperor, this was a very exciting thing!

"If I had known earlier, I would have chased after the Dragon King. What if I caught up with him? Sob sob sob, I feel like I missed my Second Life!"

"Don't even think about it. When I sent a private message to the Dragon King, the Dragon King didn't reply to me. It was too difficult for me!"

"Wow, you actually sent a private message to the Dragon King, Hmph!"

At the mysterious Sky Territory's experts'seats, 50 to 60 women gathered together, their eyes filled with disappointment and excitement as they said!

"Hehe!"

An old woman shook her head with a smile when she heard the girls'words!

Back then, the old woman had led a group of girls to introduce them to the former Dragon King, but the girls were still unwilling!

Now, they regretted it!

Who would have thought that the young man from the mysterious sky territory, who had joined them back then, was now stronger and more powerful than the mysterious Sky Territory!

"All the experts from our Tianze continent are here. Teacher has a lot of face!"

Not far from them, all the girls from the mysterious Sky Academy's Freshman Class 1 looked around with slight pride on their faces!

Most of them were not qualified to come, but because they were the students of the Dragon King!

Just this identity was enough!

Moreover, the Dragon King also asked them to come, which made the girls very proud!

"Someone is coming from the ocean ahead!"

At this moment, hundreds of figures flew toward them!

They held long halberds in their hands, and their faces were full of dignity!

"Everyone, we are the Dragon Defense Department of the Dragon Palace, please follow us!"

Ao Yecha glanced at all of them and said!

"Okay, let's Go!"

Xuan Tianzi and mo hen nodded at the front and followed behind them!

"Buzz!"

Hundreds of god Lord level sea taming Yaksha waved their energy and covered everyone, flying toward the depths of the underground sea!

"Three peak god Lord level experts, and three peak god Lord level experts from the Dragon Palace!"

Some experts felt their strength and were slightly shocked!

They had never seen these peak God lords before. In other words, the Dragon Palace was much stronger than they had imagined!

The distance of more than 100 million kilometers was not very close. They teleported several times and arrived above the dragon palace ten minutes later!

"Is this the deepest part of the underground sea?"

"Is the huge building that is emitting seven-colored radiance like it is in a dream the Dragon Palace?"

"Amazing! There is a towering dragon palace that is thousands of kilometers wide at the bottom of the underground sea!"

Everyone looked at the Dragon Palace below with shock on their faces!

It was the first time that many eternal lord-level experts had come to the deepest part of the Underground Sea!

Now that the Dragon Palace had directly built their base here, one could imagine how powerful they were!

"Welcome to the Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui came up to them with a smile on his face and gestured to them!

Wang Xian stood at the entrance of the East Gate of the Dragon Gate and looked at the group of people who had arrived with a smile on his face!

"Haha, my young friend Wang Xian, this is really shocking. In just three days, you actually built such a huge base at the bottom of the underground sea!"

Zhan fa mo hen looked at Wang Xian and laughed out loud!

"I just moved the other palaces here!"

"Everyone, please come in!"

Wang Xian shook his head and gestured for them to enter the Dragon Palace!

"Alright!"

Xuan Tianzi's face was full of smiles as he laughed out loud and walked into the Dragon Palace!

"HMM?"

"What a rich spiritual energy!"

"This... This is more than ten times more powerful than the spirit gathering formation set up by our ancestor!"

When everyone entered the Dragon Palace, their faces were filled with awe and shock!

They looked at the huge buildings in front of them and felt the extremely dense spiritual energy. Their eyes were wide open!

"Everyone, this way please!"

Wang Xian walked in front and gestured to them with a smile on his face!

"What a generous gesture!"

It was not rare to see a palace building with a radius of more than 1,000 kilometers. However, Xuan Tianzi and mo hen were shocked by the rich spiritual energy in it!

"Looks like little friend Wang Xian must have received the inheritance of the Celestial Emperor!"

Xuan Tianzi thought to himself!

"Everyone, this is a simple place. Please feel free to take a seat!"

Wang Xian brought them to a place to receive guests. This place had just been built not long ago and would be used to receive guests in the future!

"Dragon King, you don't have to be so polite. It's our honor to be here!"

"That's right, that's right. It's our honor to be here!"

Everyone smiled as they spoke!

"The reason why we invited the powerhouses from the Tianze continent here today is firstly to get to know each other. Secondly, it's mainly for the sake of our Dragon Palace!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Our Dragon Palace is preparing to set up a weapons shop in the Tianze continent in the future. Please take good care of us!"

"Also, we will prepare some weapons this time. If anyone is interested, we will sell them at 90% of the market price!"

"Also, regarding the Dragon Palace's War Pets, our Dragon Palace will provide a large number of god-level war pets in the future. We hope that you will take good care of them too!"

Wang Xian exchanged a few simple words with the people from the Tianze continent before he ordered the food!

All the meat from the sea monster at the peak of the Divine Lord realm was extremely beneficial to ordinary divine lord experts!

Following that, the members of the Fire Hammer clan brought over over a thousand weapons!

Now that the Fire Hammer clan had mastered the array formation imparted by the Heaven Formation, they had obtained a huge improvement in the aspect of crafting weapons!

The weapons that were produced now were rare treasures for the Eternal Divine Lord!

Over a thousand weapons were brought over, causing quite a stir. This caused quite a few experts to be envious!

A good weapon was definitely the second life of a cultivator!

The expensive peak-stage God lord sea monster meat could be casually eaten, and weapons could be purchased one by one. It could be said that it was extremely harmonious!

Many people found it hard to imagine that one day they would be so carefree at the bottom of the underground sea. This was the lifelong dream of many seniors!

"Hehe, it's quite lively. I hope it will be like this next time!"

"They will probably feel despair next. hahaha!"

While the people in the Dragon Palace were talking and smiling, six figures were flashing in the sky!

Terrifying sea monsters were charging toward them from all sides of the Dragon Palace!