Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2420: 2420 Dragon Palace established, sea monster attack 3

"Senior Xuan Tianzi, this fruit is a gift to you. Thank you for taking care of me during this period of time!"

In the Underground Sea Dragon Palace, Wang Xian and Xuan Tianzi were sitting at the front with their battle techniques, Mo Hen!

Wang Xian took out the fruit and handed it to Xuan Tianzi with a smile on his face! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

During this period of time, Wang Xian had a lot of trust in Xuan Tianzi's character!

Now, he could see why the celestial thearch of Heaven's formation didn't Take Xuan Tianzi as his disciple back then!

His talent was too bad!

Of course, this was from the perspective of Wang Xian and the celestial thearch of Heaven's formation!

Previously, Wang Xian had given Xuan Tianzi quite a number of array formations. These array formations were all recorded by the Celestial Thearch of Heaven's formation!

However, he was still unable to break through the shackles and reach immortal king level two. This showed that his talent was up to par!

If he consumed the normal embryo fruit, he could reach the level of a Grand Magus and stabilize the pinnacle of the universe!

Of course, this also depended on his own luck!

"HMM?"

Xuan tianzi was slightly shocked when he saw the fruit that Wang Xian handed over. As he felt the terrifying energy from the fruit, his eyes widened slightly!

"Gulp!"

"What... What kind of fruit is this? Why do I Feel Like My Mind is ten times clearer when I Smell it!"

On one side of the position, the war method ink mark two eyes light of stare!

Xuan tianzi face is also full of shock, lips slightly move!

"Reporting Dragon King, a large number of sea monsters are attacking from all sides of our Dragon Palace!"

At this time, Ao Qi day Ao qi their figure very fly over, loudly roar way!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian slightly stunned, all the people around also stunned, hurriedly stand up!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, terrifying roars came from all directions!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In the next moment, everyone could feel waves of terrifying water currents surging towards them!

Water currents!

It was extremely difficult for the seawater to surge at the bottom of the sea that was hundreds of millions of kilometers deep!

Even the movement of the eternal lord below level 3 was hindered here. It was unbelievable that the seawater was surging!

"Oh no, what kind of sea monster dares to attack us? The Dragon Palace has seven Immortal Kings!"

At this moment, everyone's expression changed drastically as they looked around in shock!

Wang Xian frowned slightly as well. He waved his arm towards the sky!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In an instant, the scouting images of the Dragon Palace appeared in front of them!

There were a total of five images. They were the four sides and the aerial view!

"Hiss, how can there be so many sea monsters!"

"Oh my God, look at the position at the front. What is that? There are so many immortal god King Sea Monsters!"

When the images appeared in front of everyone, the faces of the experts were filled with shock!

Especially the young men and women, their faces were all pale!

Just looking at the images, they felt a strong suffocating feeling!

"Shit, that's the blue python, that's the crack desolate fish, that's the dock beast, and that two headed god Raccoon, that two headed god Raccoon is most likely an undying level 2 existence!"

Mo Hen, who was sitting at the side, suddenly stood up, his face filled with shock as he roared in a low voice!

"A total of 16 undying god King Sea Monsters, there's a high possibility that there's an undying god King Level 2, little friend Wang Xian, this is bad!"

When Xuan Tian Zi saw this scene, his face instantly turned ugly as he roared in a low voice!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Ka Ka Ka Ka!"

The next moment, the Roar continued!

A solid law barrier surrounded the entire Dragon Palace!

"This is?"

Everyone's expression changed when they saw the terrifying law space!

This law space could trap an eternal god Lord and prevent him from being teleported to his own God Country!

Even against a god Emperor of the same level, it could affect him a little!

"Over 10 undying emperors, it's over, we have to escape immediately!"

Some of them saw the scene and heard Xuan Tian Zi and the others, their foreheads were filled with cold sweat!

Even many of the eternal God masters were filled with fear!

"Dragon King, we have to leave as soon as possible, otherwise we'll be in trouble!"

Battle technique mo hen said solemnly!

If they were to evacuate now, they might have to sacrifice some of them!

"Why are all the monsters in the underground sea gathered here? Some of the godly king sea monsters never attack humans!"

Xuan Tianzi looked at the scene and was prepared to think about how to escape!

"16 of them. are all the sea monsters in the entire underground sea here?"

Wang Xian looked at the scene in the scene and his eyes sparkled!

"Dragon King, get ready to escape now. Otherwise..."

Mo Hen continued to speak to him anxiously!

"There's no rush!"

Before he could speak, Wang Xian interrupted him directly with a smile on his face!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

He shouted softly and his voice spread throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

"The disciples of the Dragon Palace are here!"

The replies came from the four city gates immediately!

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui had already made all the preparations!

"Face the enemy!"

Wang Xian ordered loudly!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the four dragon palaces responded loudly immediately!

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, prepare for battle. Kill!"

Prime Minister Gui roared furiously!

"What?"

"The Dragon Palace is actually preparing to face the enemy. This... The Dragon Palace is not a match for so many sea monsters!"

"Oh no, the Dragon King is too rash. With so many sea monsters attacking, can they withstand it?"

Everyone from the Tian Ze continent was stunned when they heard Wang Xian's order. Following which, their expressions turned extremely ugly!

There were a total of 16 undying god King Sea Monsters, how could they withstand it?

However, just as they were conversing, the law space barrier had already arrived above them, enveloping everyone within!

No one below undying god King could escape!

Seeing this scene, everyone's faces turned even paler!

"We can only act now, everyone prepare to face the enemy!"

Xuan Tian Zi's expression changed slightly as he immediately roared!

"Yes!"

Everyone's faces revealed bitter smiles!

Who would have thought that they would encounter such a thing here in the Dragon King Dragon Palace!

Could it be that the dragon palace was about to be destroyed the moment it announced its establishment?

"Senior Xuan Tianzi, senior mo hen, don't be anxious. Everyone, don't panic. Just sit here and wait!"

Wang Xian saw the panic on everyone's faces and a smile appeared on his face. He immediately comforted them!

After he finished speaking, he looked straight at the scene in front of him!

In the scene, ao crab was standing quietly in front of the East Gate of the Dragon Palace. He was the only one there!

And in front of him was the side with the highest number of sea monsters!

The leader was a two-headed divine raccoon that seemed to be an immortal king level 2. There were four immortal king level sea monsters around it!

As for the Eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters, there were countless of them!