Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2421: 2421 Dragon Palace, sea monster attack 4

At the East Gate of the Dragon Palace, ao crab was floating in front of the gate alone!

At the West Gate, Ao Qitian was leading a battle group of the Dragon Palace!

It was not the entire battle group of the Demon Combat Division. There were the Saturn turtle with the strongest defense, the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division with the strongest long-range attack, the Phoenix Dragon of the Mount Division, and the supporting Dolphin clan!

At the South Gate, ao Xing Mu was the leader, the Saturn Turtle Dragon, the Sky Eye Arrow Division, the Phoenix Dragon, the Starwood Dragon, and the support dolphins!

At the north gate, there were more sea monsters. With Ao qi and Mu Ze Sen as the leaders, the Dragon Palace's various troops were mixed in!

As for strange demon, he was completely hidden in the void!

Such a formation was also the perfect battle formation of the Dragon Palace!

Right now, excluding him, the Dragon Palace had a total of 12 undyings, Ao he alone had 5 undyings at the East Gate!

The rest, 11 Dragon Palace undyings were one on one!

Under such circumstances, the pressure on the Dragon Palace wasn't too great!

And right now, the Dragon Palace had over 100 Pinnacle God Lords!

Of course, the strongest foundation of the Dragon Palace was still ao he!

Ao he had truly stepped into the immortal king level. He could rival or even defeat a level 3 immortal king level sea monster!

Although AO he was defending the east gate alone, it would not take long for him to finish the battle here!

"This..."

Everyone was stunned when they saw Wang Xian's relaxed expression!

If they were not in a hurry at this critical moment, when would they be?

"My young friend Wang Xian, there are more than a dozen immortal godly monarchs in Your Dragon Palace?"

At this moment, Xuan Tianzi, who had been staring at the scene in front of him, suddenly asked with his eyes wide open!

Just from the scene, he could feel the powerful auras of the leaders of the Dragon Palace!

That kind of arrogance and fearlessness, the fighting spirit when facing the immortal godly monarchs and sea monsters, was definitely not something that the eternal godly monarchs could unleash!

"Let's See!"

Wang Xian smiled and gestured for them to continue watching!

"What? The Dragon King is confident in dealing with these sea monsters?"

"This... There are more than a dozen immortal God kings in the Dragon Palace. wasn't it the full strength of the Dragon Palace last time?"

When the people from the Tianze continent heard Wang Xian's words, their faces were filled with shock!

The next moment, everyone stared at the five images in the sky in front of them!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

In front of the four dragon gates, the roars and aura of the sea monsters still stifled everyone!

However, they did not feel any fear from the experts from the Dragon Palace!

There were not many members from the Dragon Palace. There were only a few hundred thousand of them, but each of them exuded an invincible aura!

"Roar!"

Just when all the sea monsters were about 200 kilometers away from the Dragon Palace, at the East Gate of the Dragon Palace, the desolate figure in the image suddenly charged forward at a terrifying speed!

At the same time, his body underwent a terrifying transformation!

He had a ferocious and terrifying dragon head and eighteen terrifying claws. His body was seven to eight thousand meters long, and he was emitting a terrifying demonic might!

Ao crab directly attacked the endless sea monsters at the East Gate!

"Hiss!"

When everyone saw ao crab's body size and his indomitable aura, their faces changed greatly!

However, what happened next shocked them even more!

The eighteen claws were instantly covered by a resplendent law. Dark yellow law energy wrapped around the claws, causing them to grow several hundred kilometers in length. They looked like a centipede with huge claws!

The terrifying eighteen claws of ao crab directly tore towards the entire sea monster army!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The aggressive sea monster army that was giving off monstrous amounts of devil energy looked at the incoming ao crab, feeling its terrifying energy, many sea monsters were stunned!

Even the 5 undying sea monsters at the front shook their bodies in fear!

However at the next moment, ao crab's claws attacked, the 5 undying sea monsters let out a howl, the terrifying attack immediately met it!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

In the next moment, a terrifying scene appeared!

Of the 5 attacking sea monsters, 3 of them were instantly pierced through, another was turned into blood mist!

Even the 2 headed god Raccoon that looked like an undying level 2 was sent flying!

Behind, within a 50,000 km radius, all the sea monsters were attacked!

Over 10 billion sea monsters were instantly killed, the difference was huge!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The sea monsters at the east gate almost wet their pants, especially the 5 undying sea monsters, they immediately tried to escape in fear!

"Howl Howl!"

However in the next moment, before an undying sea monster could escape, a claw grabbed it!

A terrifying resplendent law rushed into the sea monster's mind!

"Peng!"

Its life force swiftly vanished!

The other 4 UNDYINGS immediately returned to their undying countries in fear!

Where they were earlier, a black and white shadow flashed past, some blood was collected!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The sea monsters that were still alive almost went crazy, wishing they had legs and wings all over their bodies!

They fled at an even more terrifying speed!

One could even see some sea monsters spitting out a yellow liquid, they were truly scared to death! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Ao crab's attack ended in less than 2 seconds!

One undying sea monster was killed, the other 4 escaped heavily injured!

In just 2 seconds!

"Rumble!"

"So terrifying, so strong!"

At this moment, everyone in the Tian Ze continent within the dragon palace trembled violently when they saw this scene, they couldn't help but swallow their saliva!

In a few seconds, all the sea monsters in the east were escaping!

This terrifying attack, that incomparably huge creature, was simply shocking!

"This is your Underling Dragon King?"

Battle technique mo hen was completely stunned!

"Undying god King Level 3 warrior!"

Xuan Tian Zi softly spat out these words, his face filled with shock!

Undying God King Level 3!

Star source planet's strength was very strong, even the strongest overlord was only at Undying God King Level 3!

With such strength, in this huge region, it was already considered a 4th or 5th tier region, even amongst the hundreds of thousands of nearby planets, it could be ranked within!

Now, there was actually such an expert in the Dragon Palace!

In addition to the other godly monarchs, it meant that the dragon palace was not much weaker than the Overlord sect!

In that case, the Dragon Palace was also equivalent to a fourth-or fifth-rate force in this greater world!

This was too terrifying!

Just when everyone thought that the dragon palace was likely to be destroyed today, the Dragon Palace actually erupted with such terrifying strength!

Terrifying!

"What? How... How is this possible? !"

However, at this moment, about 1,000 kilometers above the dragon palace, the six figures couldn't help but tremble when they saw the scene at the East Gate!

Their hidden figures were instantly revealed!