Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2422: 2,422, calming the underground sea 1

"Undying god King Level 3, this faction even has an undying god King Level 3 warrior, damn it, damn it!"

In the sky above the Underground Sea Dragon Palace, the Heaven Beast Organization's people looked towards the east gate with extremely ugly expressions, their expressions sinking!

Undying god King Level 3, their chairman was only at this level!

"The mission has failed, we can not become enemies with this dragon palace, otherwise the losses will be huge!"

Director bei, who was in the lead, said with a gloomy face!

They couldn't take the opportunity to attack now. Even if they did, they would be courting death. Moreover, they would bring great trouble and even disaster to the Heavenly Beast Corporation!

"Eh? Look, there's someone up there!"

In the Dragon Palace, a young man suddenly pointed at an image in the center and said in surprise!

In that image, due to the fluctuation of the six people from the Heaven Beast Corporation, their figures were clearly detected by the detection formation of the Dragon Palace!

"There are really people. Who are they?"

Some people looked over and their faces were filled with surprise!

Why would someone suddenly appear in the sky above the Dragon Palace at this time?

Who were they?

"Ao he, lock onto the six people in the sky and attack them immediately!"

When the young man noticed them, Wang Xian had already noticed the six figures that had suddenly appeared!

These six figures were obviously hiding in that place. Due to special circumstances, their figures were revealed!

With the detection methods of the Dragon Palace, unless the opponent was an immortal king level powerhouse, they would be able to detect them!

"Could it be that the invasion of the underground sea monsters has something to do with them?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows as his eyes sparkled!

"Roar! Roar!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's order, ao crab did not hesitate at all. He flew towards the top of the Dragon Palace at a terrifying speed!

His cold gaze locked onto the six figures above him as his terrifying claws slashed towards them!

With ao crab's current speed, he arrived in front of them in less than a second!

"Not good, we've been discovered. Run, Run Now!"

An old man saw ao crab's attack and his expression changed drastically. He immediately roared!

"The Tiangu King Beast is still in the north!"

Chief BEI's expression changed slightly as he cried out in alarm!

"Chief Bei, the Tiangu King Beast knows to run!"

A middle-aged man hurriedly roared and his figure instantly disappeared! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Chief bei gritted his teeth. Sensing ao crab's terrifying aura, his body moved and instantly disappeared from the spot!

When ao crab rushed over, the six figures had already disappeared!

"Roar!"

At this moment, a terrifying roar came from the north!

Ao Qi's figure flew backward instantly. Hundreds of members of the Dragon Palace were instantly killed!

"Dragon King, the sea monster at the north gate has the strength of a Level 2 immortal king. Request for reinforcements!"

Mu Zesen was shocked when he saw this scene. He immediately shouted at Wang Xian!

"Huh?"

In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian's expression changed when he saw the scene!

"What kind of sea monster is that? There doesn't seem to be such a sea monster in the Underground Sea!"

"Something's wrong. This sea monster doesn't seem to be an underground sea monster from our Tianze continent. It doesn't have the characteristics of a marine creature!"

At the side, Xuan Tianzi and mo hen looked at the powerful desolate beast at the north gate with a puzzled expression!

They had lived in the Tianze continent for more than ten years, so they had some understanding of the underground sea monster!

"It's indeed not an aquatic creature!"

Wang Xian stared at it. A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes. His body moved and he instantly teleported in the direction of the North Gate!

"Ao crab, you must stop that level two immortal king level desolate beast!"

Wang Xian growled and flew out of the north gate!

In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian could reach any place in an instant. Therefore, it did not take him any time to travel from the east gate to the north gate!

Buzz

Wang Xian flew out of the north gate. With a wave of his arm, the Five Elements Millstone flew straight up!

Currently, there were five of his clones hidden in the five elements millstone. Each of his clones had the strength of a peak-stage god Lord!

On top of that, Wang Xian had set up a black hole space-disturbing formation!

This black hole space-disturbing formation could trap a level-1 immortal king. It would only have a slight effect on a level-2 immortal King!

A Level-2 Immortal King could defeat it in an instant!

However, what Wang Xian wanted was less than a second!

Buzz

A radius of 20,000 kilometers was instantly covered by the black hole disturbance formation!

At this moment, ao crab rushed over and attacked the Tiangu King Beast directly!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Tiangu King Beast felt the terrifying pressure from ao crab and a hint of fear appeared in its eyes!

He didn't hesitate, preparing to flee back to his undying country!

Weng

His silhouette was slightly blurry, however he didn't disappear instantly.

Howl

The Tian Gu Beast roared madly, the black hole disturbance formation actually began to crack!

However at this time, Ao he's attack had already arrived!

The terrifying 18 claws, the savage and terrifying dragon head, they all headed straight for the Tian Gu Beast!

The King of Sky Valley revealed a look of fear in his eyes. He didn't dare to stand still and hurriedly fled to the back!

However, his escape didn't allow him to return to his immortal deity Empire in an instant!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he immediately set up the formation and reinforced the black hole disturbance formation once again!

Among all the formations, Wang Xian was the most familiar with this formation. He only reinforced it for less than a second!

"Roar!"

"Bang!"

Ao crab was exceptionally terrifying when he unleashed his full strength. He had terrifying claws, a ferocious dragon head, and a tail with sharp thorns and dragon scales!

One strike landed on the body of the king of Tiangu, causing it to be severely injured instantly!

The king of Tiangu, who was filled with raging flames, attacked rapidly one after another!

At this moment, the king of Tiangu was filled with fear!

The black hole disturbing array didn't allow it to escape immediately, even though it could only stop it for a second!

However in that one second, it was enough for AO he to kill it!

Ao he wasn't an ordinary undying level 3, he was an existence close to being able to kill an undying level 3!

With such a huge difference, the Tian Gu King Beast had no room to fight back!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Facing ao crab's terrifying attack, the bloated king of Sky Valley was bleeding all over his body. He let out a desperate roar!

"Humph, this guy is definitely not an underground sea monster. He should be with that group of people!"

"It seems that the sea monster invasion this time is not so simple. However, this time, this level 2 immortal king battle pet will stay here!"

Wang Xian looked at the Sky Valley King Beast in front of him and snorted coldly!

"Ao ao ao ao ao!"

Faced with ao crab's continuous attacks, the Sky Valley King Beast let out a desperate roar!

It never expected that it would die here and its master would not come to save it!

If its master did not escape and destroyed that strange formation in one strike, the Sky Valley King Beast would not have died here!