Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2423: 2423 flat roof 2

"Peng!"

The huge body of the Tian Gu Emperor Beast landed heavily on the ocean floor, making a muffled sound!

At this time, around the North Gate, the three undying emperor sea monsters were shivering in a corner, looking at this scene in fear!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

They immediately attacked the black hole space disturbance formation in fear, filled with panic and fear!

If they knew this would happen, they wouldn't have listened to that bloated fellow!

What other party entering their domain, they would be annihilated in the future!

Such a terrifying existence, even if they entered their domain and chased them away, they wouldn't say anything!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Ao crab let out a furious howl, the three undying Emperor Level 1 sea monsters trembled!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

They suddenly lay on the ground and showed their submission to ao crab with respect!

It was too ferocious. Ao crab was simply too ferocious to them. One of their own kind, who was stronger than them, was killed. Even if they didn't submit, they would be killed!

To the sea monsters and desolate beasts, it was not wrong to submit to the strong!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw the three sea monsters actually submit!

"Ao crab, suppress them and make them submit!"

Wang Xian flew over immediately and said to Ao crab!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao crab nodded immediately and looked down at the three level 1 immortal King Sea Monsters!

"Submit!"

A terrifying pressure covered them. At the same time, Wang Xian flew over and squeezed out three drops of dragon blood!

"Devour, don't resist!"

Ao he warned with a face full of killing intent!

"AO AO!"

The Three Immortal King Sea Monsters didn't dare to resist at all. They immediately nodded respectfully and didn't dare to move!

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face!

"Go and get rid of the sea monsters elsewhere!"

He continued to order Ao he!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he nodded, immediately flying towards the west gate!

"This... My God, that Undying Level 2 sea monster was killed by the warrior from the Dragon Palace!"

"Look at those 3 sea monsters, the Cang Lan Python and the others were actually subdued by the Dragon King, they stood in front of him and didn't dare to move!"

"Hiss, the sea monsters in the underground sea were all escaping, the Dragon Palace is simply too terrifying, especially that Lord from the Dragon Palace, he's too powerful!"

Within the Dragon Palace, the people from the Tian Ze continent watched the scene, their faces filled with shock!

All the Undying Emperor level sea monsters in the entire underground sea attacked, along with countless eternal god Lord Level Sea Monsters!

However, facing the Dragon Palace, they were all killed in a frenzy!

Two undying emperor level sea monsters had died, three had submitted. With such terrifying strength, it wasn't hard to calm down the underground sea!

As for the west and south, everyone could already predict that when the undying god King Level 3 warrior from the Dragon Palace charged over, the sea monster invasion would be completely over!

"The current Dragon Palace isn't much weaker than the Overlord sect!"

Xuan Tian Zi and mo hen exchanged glances and exclaimed in shock!

"It's good to have the Dragon Palace. This way, we can go to the greater world to take a look in the future and not have to spend most of our time here!"

Xuan Tian Zi revealed a smile!

The reason why he hadn't improved all these years was firstly because of his talent, and secondly because of the opportunities!

He wanted to guard the Tian Ze continent all year round, naturally he wouldn't get any opportunities!

After the Dragon Palace settled the underground sea, he could explore the starry skies and search for his own opportunities!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Outside, the roars of the undying emperor could be clearly heard by everyone!

Just as everyone expected, after Ao crab arrived, the undying sea monsters began to flee madly!

The Undying Emperor could barely escape, but the other Eternal God lords couldn't!

The Undying Emperor could imprison the eternal God Lord, making it impossible for him to escape!

Very quickly, a large number of eternal god Lord Sea Monsters were killed!

This time, as the entire underground sea monster horde was unleashed, there were 500,000 to 600,000 eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters!

Of which, there were over 200 pinnacle eternal God Lord Level Sea Monsters, under the attacks of Ao Xie and the rest of the Dragon Palace warriors, they were swiftly killed!

"Rumble, the sea monster warriors that attacked the Dragon Palace this time took up about 80% of the entire underground sea!"

"At least 80% . Now that all of them have been killed by the Dragon Palace, doesn't that mean that the crisis in the underground sea of the Tianze continent has been solved?"

"The Tianze continent has been fighting with the sea monsters for millions of years. I didn't expect that we could see the underground sea being pacified today!"

At this moment, everyone in the Tianze continent of the Dragon Palace looked on with excitement!

Some of the elders couldn't help but burst into laughter!

Humans had been fighting with the sea monsters for millions of years, and more than ten million humans died in the sea monsters every year!

Many of their elders and descendants had died in the mouths of the sea monsters!

Now that the crisis in the underground sea was almost resolved, some people were so happy that they cried!

This was a historic moment for the entire Tianze continent, and it was also the most exciting and exciting moment for the entire Tianze continent!

The Dragon Palace, which had pacified the underground sea, would naturally be remembered in the history of the entire Tianze continent!

Because of the Dragon Palace, all the calamities and enemies in the history of the Tianze continent had been completely eliminated!

"Dragon King, these are the blood of the escaping Immortal King Sea Monsters. They have all been collected!"

At the northern gate, a few strange demons appeared in front of Wang Xian and handed him the collected blood!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and smiled!

"This time, the invasion of the sea monsters has saved the Dragon Palace a lot of time!"

He looked at the fresh blood in his hand and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. He looked at the corpses that were being absorbed by the ground in front of him!

With so many corpses, Wang Xian could not predict how much the dragon palace would be able to improve!

Putting everything else aside, the combat strength of the immortal King could be increased by at least 30 to 40! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Ao crab's combat strength could be increased by at least 4 to 5!

As for the Immortal King Level 4 combat strength, it required too many resources. These resources were completely insufficient!

Even so, Wang Xian was already satisfied!

Most importantly, with this fresh blood, the 11 immortal King Sea Monsters that escaped could be captured!

However, these immortal King Sea Monsters were not ready to be killed. Instead, they were ready to be tamed and sold!

Fourteen Immortal King Sea Monsters, this was a terrifying amount of resources!

After being sold, it would be easy for Wang Xian to advance one level!

He might even have the combat strength of a level three immortal King!

"Are those people from the Heaven Beast Corporation?"

Wang Xian thought of the six figures in the sky above the Dragon Palace. Each of them had the strength of an immortal King!

Among the people he had offended, only the Heaven Beast Corporation had such strength!

"If there's a chance, let them know the price!"