Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2424: 2,424, underground sea 3

Weng Weng

The sea monsters attacked quickly and died quickly!

In the face of the absolute power of the Dragon Palace, countless sea monsters fell in front of the palace, turning into dragon blood in the Dragon Pool!

With so many sea monsters, it could actually increase the entire Dragon Palace's power by two to three times, maybe even four to five times!

After all, ao Xie's swallowing dragon race, after swallowing large amounts of eternal God country undyings, their power would undergo a qualitative change!

"I'm sorry, everyone. I Can't entertain you anymore. Our Dragon Palace is preparing to take this opportunity to eliminate the dozen immortal King Sea Monsters that escaped!"

Wang Xian returned to the front of the group of people from the Tianze continent and said with a smile on his face!

"Thank you, Dragon King, for helping our Tianze continent to solve the problem. Thank you, Dragon King!"

At this moment, Xuan Tianzi bowed deeply to Wang Xian with a sincere face and thanked him loudly!

"Thank you, Dragon King. Thank you, Dragon Palace, for pacifying the underground sea!"

Mo Hen also bowed respectfully!

"Thank you, Dragon King. Thank you, Dragon Palace, for pacifying the underground sea!"

At the back, everyone was half-kneeling on the ground as they shouted out respectfully and gratefully!

A few days ago, when the Dragon King said that he wanted to pacify the underground sea, not many people believed him. However, today, the underground sea had almost been pacified!

It was just the Dragon Palace alone!

If the Dragon Palace pacified the underground sea, many fewer people would die in the Tianze continent every year!

"Everyone, you don't have to be so polite!"

Wang Xian looked at all of them and smiled faintly!

"This bow is something that we have to do. Since you are all very busy, Dragon King, we shall not disturb you anymore!"

"In a few days, the Tianze continent will hold a day of liberation. I wonder if the Dragon King will have the time then?"

Xuan tianzi shook his head and asked Wang Xian with a smile!

"A day of liberation? Let's see then. If I don't go, I will send people from the Dragon Palace over!"

Wang Xian nodded and said!

"Alright, we won't Disturb You Anymore!"

Xuan tianzi cupped his hands and led everyone from the Tianze continent away!

Behind them, everyone's faces were filled with excitement!

This time, not only did they broaden their horizons, they also received this huge piece of good news!

Today could be said to be the liberation day of the entire Tianze continent!

In the future, they would no longer need to worry about their own comfort. The soldiers would no longer need to guard the frontlines and fight against the sea monsters day and night!

"If today's matter is announced, I'm afraid that the entire Tianze continent will be in an uproar!"

Everyone held back the excitement in their hearts!

Some young men and women were prepared to show off on the AI when they returned this time!

"Dragon King, all the sea monsters outside have been cleared!"

Not long after the people from the Tianze continent left, ao he and the rest rushed over and reported to Wang Xian! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Get Ready. Take the opportunity to finish off the eleven Immortal King Sea Monsters in the Underground Sea!"

Wang Xian immediately said!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded!

Soon, all the immortal king combat strength members of the Dragon Palace had gathered!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian took out drops of blood and used the formation to locate the sea monsters!

After locking onto a sea monster's location, they moved and flew away immediately!

The twelve immortal king level powerhouses of the Dragon Palace were sailing in the underground sea!

No sea monster dared to approach them!

Back then, Wang Xian had to be careful when he entered the underground sea. Now, he had no scruples at all!

More than ten minutes later, Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the territory of an Immortal King Sea Monster!

The Immortal King Sea Monster's divine kingdom was hidden in the void crack. Under normal circumstances, it would be difficult to find it!

However, Wang Xian had a general location. With more than ten immortal kings searching together, they could still find it!

Now that Wang Xian and the rest had found the nest, it was much simpler. They could either submit or Die!

Time passed slowly. It was not an easy task to find the nest of the Undying Godly monarch sea monsters!

Some of the nests of the undying godly monarch sea monsters were hidden very well. Even if they knew the general location, they still spent more than ten hours!

And just as the Dragon Palace subdued the sea monsters one by one, the entire Tian Ze continent was in an uproar!

Not only did the young men and women who came to the underground sea like to show off, even mo hen emperor liked to show off!

The first thing he did when he came out of the ocean was to roar!

"The Dragon Palace is invincible, 10 minutes AGO, 16 undying sea monsters led 80% of the sea monsters to invade the Dragon Palace, they were killed by the Dragon Palace Warriors!"

"With the Dragon Palace's strength, the underground sea will be pacified in a few days. In the future, the entire underground sea will be ruled by the Dragon King. With the Dragon Palace as the main force, our Tian Ze continent will be completely liberated!"

This shout made battle technique mo hen's face turn red!

He had used all his strength!

Battle technique mo hen was excited too!

A God emperor being trapped in the Tian Ze continent, they weren't happy either, but what could they do?

This was their homeworld, his home. His descendants were all here!

Furthermore, due to the existence of the underground sea, at least tens of thousands of his descendants had died in battle, or even more!

The Peace of the underground sea represented the stability of the heavenly swamp continent!

Battle Dharma Mo Hen's voice resounded across half of the heavenly swamp continent!

Everyone who heard this voice was immediately stunned!

"This... This seems to be the voice of Zhan FA ancestor, it's his voice!"

"What? A dozen undying ocean monsters from the underground sea invaded the Dragon Palace and were killed by the Warriors of the Dragon Palace, the underground sea is about to be pacified?"

"Is this real or fake, it can't be a lie, this... This is the voice of Zhan Fa Ancestor?"

Everyone who heard the voice felt unbelievable!

More than a dozen godly monarch sea monsters invaded the Dragon Palace?

All of them were killed by the experts of the Dragon Palace?

The Underground Sea was pacified?

Every piece of news was extremely shocking and unbelievable!

Some people even wondered if this was the voice of the Patriarch of war and the godly monarch of War?

"The person-in-charge of the intelligence system, announce this good news to the entire Tianze continent immediately!"

"Announce that the liberation day will be set in three days, and the entire continent will celebrate!"

At the wall of protection, the highest commander also grinned and said happily to the old man beside him!

"Yes, Sir!"

The old man also nodded excitedly and immediately gave the order!

Soon, a pop-up window forcefully appeared on the AI!

The Dragon Palace had pacified the underground sea, and the underground sea would be ruled by the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace!

The title was accompanied by a simple introduction of the situation just now!

When everyone saw the forced image on the AI, their faces were slightly stunned, and then their bodies began to tremble!

If Mo Hen's roar just now had caused many people to have some doubts, then the announcement on the AI would completely announce the liberation of the Tianze continent!

Today was destined to go down in history. The Dragon Palace and the Dragon King were destined to shake the entire Tianze continent!