Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2425: 2425. The strength of the Dragon Palace had increased tremendously

Just as the entire Tianze continent was decorated with lanterns and lanterns, and the people of the entire Tianze continent were cheering, Wang Xian led a group of powerhouses from the Dragon Palace to clear out the last sea monster in the Underground Sea!

Out of the eleven immortal god King Sea Monsters, four of them would rather die than submit. They were killed by Wang Xian and the rest!

The remaining seven were all subdued!

At the same time, in the nest of these sea monsters, Wang Xian had a lot of unexpected gains!

One Young Immortal King, two immortal king level godly herbs and one godly tree!

There were also large amounts of immortal king level metal materials!

It could be said that all the treasures in the underground sea of the entire Tian Ze continent had been taken over by these Immortal King Sea Monsters!

They had been able to break through to their current level mostly because of these treasures!

Just these treasures alone could increase the Dragon Palace's strength by two undying emperor levels!

"With this, the underground sea has been completely pacified. From now on, Ao Crab's devouring dragon only needs to find the god countries that have been killed by the eternal God Lord to devour, and it will be able to increase its strength too quickly!"

"The Dragon Palace needs to settle down for a while. The improvement this time is too fast!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face as he led the members of the Dragon Palace towards the Dragon Palace!

"Prime Minister Gui, you can make the arrangements for the improvement this time!"

Upon returning to the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian handed over the allocation of resources to Prime Minister Gui!

Prime Minister GUI was dedicated to considering the overall situation of the Dragon Palace. He would not have any selfish motives. Wang Xian was very relieved to leave the matters of the Dragon Palace to him!

After the order was given, all the members of the Dragon Palace immediately began to improve!

Ao he led his subordinates and began to sweep the entire underground sea, searching for the eternal God country and god-level God Country!

This time, the devouring dragon was the fastest to improve!

Their devouring God country could improve quickly. This time, there were a total of 15 undying God countries, and there was even A Level 2 undying God Country!

This undying Emperor's energy was even higher than a God Emperor, afterall an undying God country was his energy source! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

They only needed to swallow 2 undying emperors, and they would be able to level up to undying emperor!

One could imagine how terrifying the swallowing dragon's level up would be!

Ao he was only A Level 3 undying emperor, he could add another 7, along with the other 100,000 eternal god Lord level swallowing dragons!

A single devouring dragon was more powerful than the entire Dragon Palace!

The main reason was that the devouring dragons were the core of the Bug clan's technology!

Of course, the Devouring Dragons had a flaw too, they could only fight 2 levels above them, they couldn't compare to the Pinnacle Dragon of the Dragon Palace!

Even ao he couldn't fight 3 levels above them!

His upper level was lower than the Dragon God!

Even so, it was already very terrifying. Back then, the notorious bug race that swept across the universe was no joke!

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne with a smile on his face. He took out Qing Yue and Lingxiu's hair and cast a formation!

After he still couldn't sense anything, he kept it properly!

"Qing Yue, Lingxiu, don't be anxious. I will find you guys very soon. Very soon!"

He mumbled!

Before long, the Divine Dragon's Roar would ring out in the starry sky. At that time, the entire greater world would stop trembling!

When he arrived at the location of the Dragon Transformation Pool, Wang Xian saw more than 100,000 members of the Dragon Palace entrenched inside. A smile appeared on his face.

The group of girls were also cultivating inside!

"I will rest for a period of time. After that, I will sell ten immortal king desolate beasts and one young immortal King!"

If Wang Xian could devour all the immortal King Sea Monsters, his strength would be able to increase by now!

However, if he were to sell them, one would be equivalent to about twenty corpses. Naturally, it would be more cost-effective to sell them. Wang Xian could wait!

The entire Dragon Palace was improving rapidly!

The Heaven Lake continent above was celebrating!

The entire continent was filled with joy and excitement!

In order to thank the Dragon King for his achievements, the Tianze continent had built a 10,000-meter-tall divine dragon that was emitting bright light at the position of the wall of protection!

The image of the Divine Dragon was completely based on the image of the Divine Dragon that was entrenched on the ocean stabilizing needle in the Dragon Palace!

Many of them had seen this image before!

The 10,000-meter-tall divine dragon looked in the direction of the entire ocean, representing the Dragon King guarding the ocean!

Representing the achievements of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

Even the federation changed the calendar, changing the first day of Liberation Day to the first year of the Dragon Calendar!

At this point, the new era of the Tianze continent had begun!

The Dragon Palace and Tianze continent were filled with jubilation, while the Heavenly Beast Corporation Headquarters was dead silent!

"The Sky Valley King Beast has been confirmed to have been killed, confirmed to have been killed!"

Director bei sat in a luxurious room in the headquarters and growled with a gloomy face!

Around him, more than a dozen undying god King Warriors sat around him. This time, almost all of the Heaven Beast Corporation's experts had gathered together!

The Sky Valley King Beast was the strongest battle pet in the entire Heaven Beast Corporation. It was also the face of the entire Heaven Beast Corporation!

Most of the time, the publicity was done with the Sky Valley King Beast!

Now, they were 100% sure that the Sky Valley King Beast had fallen. Not even a drop of blood essence could escape!

"The Sky Valley King Beast has been killed, three bosses have been killed, are we just going to let it go like this!"

An old man slammed the table, roaring angrily!

"Hu!"

In the leader's seat, the Chairman of the Sky Beast Corporation closed his eyes, leaning back on the chair with a helpless expression!

"THE OTHER PARTY has an undying god King Level 3 existence, if you want revenge, don't even think about it!"

He said bitterly!

"This... are we just going to let this go?"

The old man clenched his fists unwillingly!

"Let It Go!"

The chairman said calmly!

Even if they didn't let it go, what could they do?

Fight till the end?

The difference in strength wasn't huge, killing 100 enemies would only result in 80 losses, they weren't willing to suffer such heavy losses!

They could only forget about it!

The rest of the people fell silent. No one said a word!

So what if they were unwilling? Fight?

They had to be prepared to bear the loss. It was obvious that the Heaven Beast Corporation did not want to bear the loss!

Time passed very quickly. Two months had passed. The advancement of all the members of the Dragon Palace had ended!

Wang Xian was floating in the sky above the dragon field. He was looking ahead with a smile on his face!

There were more than 150,000 members of the Dragon Palace. The weakest among them had already reached immortal King Level 3!

To be able to achieve such a terrifying improvement, he had consumed the entire underground sea's resources!

At the front of the group stood 35 figures. Each of them was emitting a terrifying aura!

This was the combat strength of the Dragon Palace's god King level. There were a total of 35 of them. including Wang Xian himself, there was a total of 36 of them!

Among them, Ao Xie and the other seven devouring dragons were the most powerful!

"Very good. The elevation of the Dragon Palace this time is the first step for the Dragon Palace to officially enter the land of brilliance

"Next, we will make the name of the Dragon Palace resound throughout the greater world. The Tianze continent is only the first step