Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2426: Plan 2426

"Dragon King, these are the resources that we have been searching for during this period of time, as well as some of the things that we have obtained!"

In the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui handed some things to Wang Xian!

During these two months, apart from improving the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui had also sent people to investigate the outside world!

This outside world was the area around the Tianze continent!

The Tianze continent was only one of the hundreds of billions of planets in this bright land. Although it was not weak in this greater world, it was definitely not strong!

Now, Wang Xian did not know much about the outside world. Other than knowing about the star source planet and star Beast Planet, he did not know much about the other planets!

There was a teleportation formation at the Xuan Tian Academy in the Tianze continent. Through the teleportation formation, one could reach other planets!

There, one could receive some missions, but Wang Xian did not receive any missions there!

"This is? The artificial intelligence?"

Wang Xian looked at the item that Prime Minister Gui handed over and asked with some doubt!

"Yes, Dragon King. However, this artificial intelligence is slightly different from the artificial intelligence in the Tianze continent. This artificial intelligence is connected to the entire Imperial Star Field!"

"There is an overlord-level existence in the imperial star field called the imperial court. It is ranked at the top among the seven major fields. This artificial intelligence was promoted by the imperial court and covers the entire Imperial Star Field!"

"The AI is connected to billions of planets. Countless people use this AI. Missions in the Xuan Tian domain are all tasks assigned by this AI!"

Prime Minister Gui gave a brief introduction to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian took it over and took a look!

The Tianze continent was located within the imperial star field of the seven major domains. The entire imperial star field was incomparably vast. There were tens of billions of planets. This only included planets with life, and there were countless planets without life!

The artificial intelligence was promoted by the overlord of the Imperial Star Field, the imperial court. It was not something that the artificial intelligence like the Tianze continent could compare to!

There were very few artificial intelligence like this in the Tianze continent. This was because the underground sea within the Tianze continent had yet to be completed. Hence, they were not qualified to enter other galaxies!

This artificial intelligence was a collection of all the mission areas, trading areas, communication areas, and entertainment areas in the entire region!

Through the AI, Wang Xian could gain a lot of understanding of the entire imperial star field!

Wang Xian opened the AI and divided it into four areas. Each area was divided into other small areas!

The mission area had a mission area to announce the mission, and a mission area to receive the mission. There were also different levels of missions, team missions, individual missions, and so on. There were all sorts of things!

Wang Xian took a quick look and even saw a reward mission at the top of the mission area!

A reward for a peak-level immortal king level powerhouse!

At the same time, this peak-level immortal king level powerhouse was also a wanted criminal in the Imperial Star Field!

The difficulty of this mission could be imagined. It could even be said to be impossible to complete!

The trading area also sold all sorts of items. It was similar to online shopping. There was only one thing that one could not imagine, and there was nothing that one could not buy!

Wang Xian searched the trading area and found that even the immortal king desolate beast could be bought!

Of course, such level of warpets required certain conditions to be bought. Furthermore, there were very few of them. One could count them on one hand!

The trading area was an information area. There were discussion forums in each area. One could even buy information here! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

As for the entertainment area, it was even richer!

There were singers, actors, and celebrities in the Imperial Star Field!

Entertainment was essential no matter what era or background it was in. Wang Xian even saw live streamers on it!

There were movie zones, novel zones, game zones, and so on. The entertainment methods were very rich!

The content on it was on a completely different level compared to the Tianze continent. The content was too rich!

One person would probably read less than 1% of it even after a hundred years!

"Prime Minister Gui, how do you think the Dragon Palace will develop in the future?"

The more complicated the environment was, the more difficult it would be for the Dragon Palace to develop!

The major forces here had divided the industries into different sectors. If they wanted to snatch food from the tiger's mouth, they needed to have the capability!

"Dragon King, I think that the fire hammer clan can forge weapons and sell them. The Phoenix Dragon Queen can lead the fire Phoenix Dragon Seed to manufacture pills and sell them

"In addition, war pets are extremely rare in the entire imperial star field. It's easier to earn resources than weapons and elixirs!"

"However, precious items usually need to be opened on a planet and have their own name. Otherwise, other people wouldn't be able to buy them without seeing the real thing!"

Prime Minister Gui suggested to Wang Xian!

The higher the level of a civilization, the more perfect the system would be!

In this resplendent starry sky, it was impossible for there to be no rules and order!

On the contrary, the rules here were very perfect!

If you want to sell things, you should at least have a shop. The more powerful ones should have their own businesses and industries!

Only then would others be able to trust you!

If the Dragon Palace wanted to develop for a long time, they had to get involved in these things. Otherwise, they would have to rely on war to make a fortune!

However, who could guarantee a 100% victory in a war?

"Other than selling weapons and pills, the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace can do missions!"

"There are many missions in the imperial star field. If one godly monarch completes one or two missions, the resources obtained would be enough for our Dragon Palace to increase the combat strength of an undying godly monarch!"

Prime Minister GUI continued to add!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Completing missions was indeed a way to increase one's strength rapidly. The price to hire an immortal godly monarch was extremely high!

"What I need to do now is to open a dragon palace pet shop as soon as possible and sell the ten immortal godly monarch pets I have!"

"Once I sell these pets, my strength will be able to increase by one level!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. After he sold all the war pets, he could lead the members of the Dragon Palace to complete missions and accumulate strength!

"First, we need to set up some long-distance teleportation formations that lead to a prosperous planet and use this planet as a transit point!"

"Also, Prime Minister Gui, look for planets like the star Beast Planet. It would be best if they are of a lower level. We can let ao he lead his men to conquer them!"

"The planets that we occupy can build a dragon palace in the ocean. It can also increase the strength of the Dragon Palace and allow the Dragon Palace to develop rapidly!"

Wang Xian thought for more than ten minutes before giving Prime Minister Gui an order!

Firstly, they had to establish a connection between the Dragon Palace and the outside world!

Secondly, it would be best if they could occupy a few more vital planets to build a branch of the Dragon Palace. It would be a cunning rabbit with three burrows. It would also allow the Dragon Palace to be fully prepared!

Furthermore, if there were planets like the star Beast Planet, Ao crab could bring all his subordinates over and directly attack a desolate beast planet. The resources he would obtain would definitely be more than the resources he would obtain from doing missions!

These two were the most important problems. As for the issue of selling his war pets, Wang Xian would solve it himself!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head!

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, a communication stone plate in Wang Xian's interspatial ring trembled!

"HMM?"

He took it out and took a look. He realized that it was a message from invincible in battle techniques!

He sent dozens of messages in one go. He didn't know if it was an emergency or if he was bored from holding it in!