Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2428: 2428 crocodile Slayer godly king

"When boss Wang arrives later, all of you should be more respectful. You should know that he is my invincible boss in terms of combat techniques!"

"And you, Yuyan. When you smile sweeter later, maybe boss Wang will take a fancy to you and you will have a meteoric rise!"

"It's martial granduncle!"

At the long-distance teleportation formation on the star origin planet, Wang Xian heard the voice of invincible in terms of combat techniques as soon as he came out!

"Coming, coming, Hurry Up!"

"Welcome Dragon King to Overlord Sect!"

At this moment, Wang Xian saw a row of beautiful ladies standing there and greeted Wang Xian respectfully!

The girls'faces were filled with bitterness!

They were called over by invincible battle technique!

They didn't dare to disobey when invincible battle technique called them over!

The personal disciple of the sect master, the last disciple, and he also had an immortal godly king battle pet. His seniority and status were frighteningly high!

Currently, invincible battle technique was like the little overlord of the entire Overlord sect. Not to mention the immortal king, this was his master!

Even the descendants of their sect master had to greet this young master respectfully!

Today, he could be said to have called all the beautiful ladies of the Overlord sect over!

"Welcome, Boss!"

Invincible battle technique immediately walked over with open arms and enthusiasm!

"Alright, you're doing well!"

Wang Xian looked at him and said with a smile!

"Hehe, not bad, not bad. How's it going, Boss? How's the lineup? Whichever one I like, I'll let her sleep with me tonight!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head and pointed at two rows of nearly twenty female disciples of the Overlord sect!

All the female disciples'faces turned black when they heard her words. They stared at him with flames in their eyes!

"Let's go and meet your master!"

Wang Xian patted his shoulder heavily and said with a smile!

"Let's go, ladies, carry the palanquin!"

Invincible battle technique shouted softly and pointed at the palanquin in front of them!

The group of ladies didn't dare to resist under his intimidation. They could only walk over silently!

Bang

"Alright, don't waste time!"

Wang Xian wanted to beat him up a little, so he said it directly!

"Hehe, boss Wang, am I not doing my duty as a host?"

Invincible battle technique smiled and brought Wang Xian forward immediately.

"Huh? You actually broke through to the fifth level of the Eternal Lord?"

At this moment, Wang Xian noticed invincible battle technique's cultivation level and said with some surprise!

"Boss, you are already so powerful. As your little brother, I naturally have to work hard and barely raise a few levels!"

Invincible battle technique said with a cheeky smile!

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and sized up his body!

"Your bloodline is pretty strong!"

He stared at invincible battle technique in astonishment!

In his body, Wang Xian could feel a strong bloodline power. This bloodline power was sufficient for invincible battle technique to reach a very high level!

"Boss Wang, you can tell? Hehe, keep a low profile!"

Invincible battle techniques raised his head and said loudly. He didn't look like he was keeping a low profile at all!

Wang Xian didn't pay attention to him. He followed behind him and soon arrived at a mountain peak!

"Dragon King, sorry for not welcoming you. Please come in!"

On the mountain peak, Murong Kui stood there to welcome him. There were a few elders around him who were sizing up Wang Xian curiously! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Sect leader Murong, sorry for disturbing you!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands and replied politely!

"Haha, it's Not Easy to buy an immortal King War Pet in this greater world. It's our good luck to meet the Dragon King!"

Murong Kui smiled and gestured!

Wang Xian nodded and followed him in!

"Sect leader Murong, I have ten immortal King War Pets in my hands. As for the price, twenty-five immortal king level 1 desolate beast carcasses or fifty immortal king level 1 elixirs!"

Wang Xian went straight to the point!

"10?"

An old man's body trembled and his eyes widened!

"It's 20% lower than the recent immortal King Level 1 battle pets!"

Another old man opened his mouth and could not help but say!

"The price of the Dragon Palace Battle Pets has always been like this. The rest of the battle pets are sold at this price too!"

Wang Xian said!

"With this price, there will be a rush!"

Murong Kui sighed slightly. "I want one. You can choose one!"

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

The following transaction was much easier. Overlord sect gave Wang Xian the resources for this War Pet!

Following that, Wang Xian spent another five hours to help tame it!

The time needed to tame the immortal god King War Pet was a little long!

After taming it, Wang Xian got his invincible battle technique to prepare a room for himself!

When he entered the room, he immediately devoured all the resources!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal God Lord Level 6(Divine Dragon Transformation Level 6)

Origin: 4,344/50,000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devour living things (devour living things to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 6)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Dragon Palace member: 167,693

Half an hour later, Wang Xian slowly walked out of the room. Feeling the vast power in his body, a smile appeared on his face!

With his current combat strength that was comparable to an immortal King Level 2, he could easily crush Earth in the past!

"I'll go and ask invincible battle technique if I can reach Dong Chi planet directly from here!"

Wang Xian stretched his body and walked out with a smile on his face!

"Invincible Battle Technique!"

"Scum, I'm Here!"

Very soon, invincible battle technique's figure ran over!

"Does the star source planet have a teleportation formation that can teleport us directly to Dongchi Planet?"

Wang Xian asked him!

Dongchi planet was the nearest commercial planet!

"Boss Wang, you're going to Dongchi Planet Too?"

Upon hearing his words, invincible battle technique revealed a pleasantly surprised expression!

"Huh? You're Going?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked at him!

"My Master is going to buy me some pills to stabilize my realm and prepare to go to Dongchi Planet!"

"TSK tsk, boss Wang, not long ago, I obtained an artificial intelligence computer from the Imperial Star Field. You Don't know that there are simply too many beauties in it!"

"Those celebrities are just like fairies. Also, I heard that the fairies will be holding a concert on East Lake Planet. I will definitely be there to take a look!"

Invincible battle technique said to him excitedly!

His words made Wang Xian's face full of greetings!

"Is there a teleportation formation on the Star Source Planet?"

Wang Xian asked again!

"There is a teleportation formation. We can go there directly. Boss Wang, if you want to go, I won't let my master go. When the time comes, we can play there for two days together!"

Invincible battle technique said with some excitement!

"Whatever. It's good that you have a teleportation formation. If it's possible, we can set off immediately!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"Wait, wait, I'll let my master know!"