Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2429: 2429 crocodile Slayer godly king

"Let's go, boss Wang. Master has agreed. We can have a good time this time!"

Not long after, invincible battle technique rushed over excitedly and said to Wang Xian!

"Okay, lead the way!"

Wang Xian gestured to him! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Okay!"

Invincible battle technique nodded and brought Wang Xian to a teleportation formation of Overlord sect!

"The teleportation formation leading to Planet Dongchi is not in the Overlord sect, but it's not too far away either!"

Invincible battle technique introduced the formation to Wang Xian. Following that, he took out an artificial intelligence with an excited expression!

"Come, boss Wang, let me show you something good!"

As he spoke, he handed the artificial intelligence to Wang Xian!

"I have one!"

Wang Xian took a look and said indifferently!

"So you have one too, boss Wang. The content in the entertainment zone is so interesting!"

As invincible battle technique spoke, he began to fiddle with it while flying!

This was because the star source planet had the potential threat of the star Beast Planet, so they did not promote this AI!

There were many contents on this AI that might cause a commotion among some people. It was also not conducive to the development of the Overlord sect and the Heavenly Dharma sect!

For example, there was news of a certain sect recruiting disciples on the AI, and some heaven's chosen disciples might not be able to resist the temptation to join other sects!

In order to prevent such things, Star Source Planet banned this AI!

However, this AI was very convenient, and one could see all sorts of useful information on it!

For example, Tian Ze continent and star source planet were located in a small corner in the north of the Imperial Star Field, and Tian Ze continent already belonged to the border of the Imperial Star Field!

On one side, there was the famous Di Yun battlefield. Behind it was the endless desolate starry sky!

The dongchi planet was a relatively large commercial planet in a small corner in the north. At the same time, it was also one of the more than a thousand commercial planets in the Imperial Star Field!

This commercial planet was controlled by a third-rate force!

"Boss, the teleportation formation is in front!"

Half an hour later, invincible battle technique looked around and said to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and landed on a square!

The square was huge and there weren't many people on it. A few thousand disciples from the Overlord sect and the Heaven Dharma sect were guarding there!

As it was a long-distance teleportation point, there weren't many people using the formation!

"Young Master Invincible!"

Seeing invincible battle technique's arrival, the people from the Overlord sect immediately greeted him respectfully!

"Yes!"

Invincible battle technique smiled and nodded his head!

Nowadays, everyone in the Overlord sect knew that he was invincible battle technique!

"Junior Sister Leng Yue, are you guys going to Dongchi Planet?"

"Yes, we are going to buy some things!"

At this moment, a voice came from the side. Invincible battle technique turned his head and immediately narrowed his eyes!

"Beauty Leng Yue, you guys are also going to Dongchi planet. That's too much of a coincidence. We are fated!"

Upon seeing Leng Yue, invincible of battle tactics immediately ran over with a smile!

Wang Xian shook his head when he saw her like this!

This guy was shocked when he met Leng Yue in the Tianze continent. It seemed like this guy had a heart!

"Eh? Young Master Invincible, what are you guys doing?"

Leng Yue was obviously stunned when she saw invincible of battle tactics. She looked at Wang Xian and asked curiously!

"Boss Wang and I are going to Dongchi Planet. Let's Go Together!"

Invincible battle technique said with a chuckle!

"Sure!"

Leng Yue nodded at him!

Even if it was Leng Ruichuang, she knew the identity of invincible battle technique. He was much more honorable than her. Furthermore, he was handsome and very interesting!

"Alright, let's go together with our brothers and sisters from the Heavenly Dharma sect!"

Invincible battle technique said with a smile!

Leng Yue and the others nodded and walked towards the teleportation array!

"Roar!"

At this moment, a muffled roar was heard!

Everyone was slightly shocked and immediately raised their heads to look to the side!

"It's crocodile god King!"

Everyone looked over and when they saw the figure riding on a terrifying war pet, a hint of surprise flashed across their faces!

"I heard that the crocodile god King has opened a war pet shop in the star Beast Hall on the East Pool Planet!"

"That's true. It seems that the star Beast Hall is shifting their focus to the east pool planet. There aren't many war pets left in the star Beast Hall on our star Origin Planet!"

The surrounding disciples of the Heavenly Dharma sect and Overlord sect whispered to each other!

"Peng!"

The crocodile god King rode on the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion and landed on the ground. He walked towards the teleportation formation expressionlessly!

"Oh?"

When he came to the front of the formation and saw Wang Xian, he was slightly stunned. Then, he narrowed his eyes and a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes!

The Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion suddenly stopped there!

"Oh no, the crocodile god King and young master Wang have a huge grudge!"

When Leng Yue saw him suddenly stop, her expression changed slightly!

"It's alright. With me around, he wouldn't dare to do anything to boss Wang. Furthermore, this is the territory of our Heavenly Dharma sect and Overlord sect!"

"Furthermore, boss Wang isn't afraid of him!"

Invincible battle technique wasn't worried at all when he saw this scene!

"Boss Wang, let's Go!"

Invincible battle technique walked to Wang Xian and said directly!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before nodding his head. This was the territory of Overlord sect and Heaven Dharma sect. It wouldn't be good for him to make a move!

"HMPH!"

However, at this moment, a cold snort exploded beside Wang Xian's ear. A terrifying pressure pressed directly on his body!

"What a coincidence! Looks like my luck is not bad!"

King crocodile revealed a smile as he stared at Wang Xian with a twinkle in his eyes!

"Eh? King crocodile, what are you trying to do?"

Invincible battle technique's expression changed when he saw King Crocodile's outburst of pressure!

Earlier, he had said that the other party did not dare to make a move. Now, it was a slap in the face!

"I'm warning you, King Crocodile. This is the territory of our Overlord sect and the Heavenly Dharma sect. If you dare to touch boss Wang, Don't blame us for being impolite!"

Invincible battle technique pointed at him and roared!

When Croc God King saw invincible battle technique pointing at him, his face instantly turned gloomy!

"This god King encountered an enemy who killed my disciple and my star Beast Tower. Naturally, I Want Revenge!"

He said with a sullen face!

"HMPH, that's your star Beast Tower courting death. I'm warning you, think of the consequences before you do anything!"

Invincible said coldly!

"Invincible, you are sect master Murong's disciple. I don't dare to do anything to you, but the person I want to kill is not someone you can stop!"

"Haha, I'm a Mighty Godly monarch. If I can be threatened by you, my cultivation base can be crippled!"

As Croc Godly monarch said that, he suddenly laughed maniacally. Terrifying auras formed a strong wind that blew in all directions!

"Croc God King, no one is allowed to make a move at the teleportation array. This is a rule set by our overlord sect and Heavenly Dharma Gate!"

When the disciples of the Overlord sect and Heavenly Dharma gate saw this scene, their expressions changed slightly as they immediately warned loudly!

"I'm a god King, so I can ignore some rules. Could it be that the Heavenly Dharma Gate and Overlord sect will chase after me in the future?"

"Those who killed my godly king, Star Beast Hall, will definitely pay with their lives. HMPH!"

Godly king Crocodile's face was grim as he swept his gaze across everyone. Finally, his gaze landed on Wang Xian!

He must die!