Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2430: 2430 to slay the crocodile god King

"Crocodile god King, how dare you!"

In front of the teleportation formation, invincible battle technique, Leng Yue, and everyone from the Heavenly Dharma sect watched this scene with an ugly expression!

They never expected that the crocodile god King would actually dare to make a move against Wang Xian here!

Did he not know the consequences of making a move here?

Did he not know that he would offend the Overlord sect if he did so?

With the influence of invincible battle technique in the Overlord sect, the entire star Beast Tower would suffer a huge blow!

"Haha, of course I would dare!"

When crocodile god King heard invincible battle technique's words, a cold expression appeared on his face. He stared at Wang Xian and extended his arm!

It was precisely because of invincible battle technique that he shifted the center of gravity of the star Beast Tower to East Lake Planet, to the greater world!

As an undying godly monarch and a beast tamer, even if the star Beast Building moved to East Lake Planet, it wouldn't lack business!

Since he had moved to East Lake Planet, he, crocodile god King, no longer had to worry about the heavenly technique sect and Overlord Sect's face!

Thinking of this, he made up his mind. He wanted to kill this guy who dared to kill his disciple with one palm!

He stretched out his arm and a terrifying law condensed into a two-meter-wide palm, which went straight for Wang Xian!

"Damn it!"

When the surrounding people saw the attack of the crocodile god King, their expressions changed drastically! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Hehe!"

When Wang Xian saw the palm that was aimed at him, a smile appeared on his face instead!

Buzz

At the same time, he also raised his palm and slapped at the law palm!

Bang

Under the stunned gazes of the surrounding people, the law palm was directly shattered by Wang Xian!

"What?"

Leng Yue was slightly shocked when she saw Wang Xian casually defeating an immortal King's Attack!

She knew Wang Xian's strength very well. There was no way he could withstand the immortal king's Attack!

"Huh?"

The crocodile god King was also slightly shocked when he saw that his attack was blocked!

"You can't blame others for seeking your own death!"

Wang Xian looked at the crocodile god King with a hint of mockery in his eyes!

His strength had broken through not long ago. When he saw this fellow earlier, Wang Xian was still hesitating whether he should kill him or not!

Now, he was actually attacking him!

Buzz

As Wang Xian spoke, he moved his arm and the Five Elements Millstone appeared in his hand!

Crack! Crack! Crack

In the next moment, the space that was disturbed by the black hole covered an area of more than 10,000 kilometers!

"This is?"

Leng Yue, the disciples of the Heavenly Dharma Gate, and the Overlord sect revealed shocked expressions when they saw the sudden change in space!

They had not received any news of what had happened in the Tianze continent. Only the godly monarchs of the two great sects knew about it!

"Godly monarch crocodile, how dare you be so F * cking arrogant and attack boss Wang? Do you really think that my invincible battle technique boss can be bullied by anyone?"

"Boss Wang, kill him!"

When invincible battle technique saw this scene, he revealed an extremely excited expression!

"You actually broke through to the immortal god King Realm?"

Crocodile god King's expression changed slightly. He stared at Wang Xian with a serious expression and growled in a low voice!

"Hehe, crocodile god King, you won't die even if you don't seek death!"

Wang Xian stared at him indifferently!

"This space can allow the immortal god King to escape directly?"

The crocodile god King sensed the space around him and his eyes sparkled!

"Hahaha, very good. You actually dared to set up such a formation. Do you really think that you can challenge me just because you have advanced to the Immortal King Realm?"

"Even if I wanted to kill you, I can still kill you easily. The one who is courting death is you, Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion!"

The crocodile god King moved and flew to the side from the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At the next moment, an extremely terrifying material flame shot out from the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion's body!

"Oh no, his battle technique is invincible. Quickly inform the people from the Overlord sect that crocodile god King has a godly king battle pet. Furthermore, it's an old godly king. He has just advanced to the Godly King Realm and is no match for crocodile god King!"

Leng Yue immediately said to invincible battle technique!

"No need. Boss Wang should be able to handle it!"

Invincible in his battle techniques hesitated for a moment and shook his head slightly!

He knew that Wang Xian would not do something that he was not confident in!

"Godly King Battle Pet?"

Wang Xian looked at the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion and revealed a smile on his face!

Buzz

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The next moment, he waved his arm and a roar was heard!

Nine gigantic godly king sea monsters that were emitting a wild aura appeared around Wang Xian!

Their cold eyes stared at the crocodile god King and the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion!

The nine roars caused the surroundings to turn silent. Even the flames on the Scarlet Flame Golden Ni-lion's body were reduced by a lot!

"Kill them!"

Wang Xian ordered indifferently and waved his hand!

What a joke, comparing battle pets?

Even if Wang Xian sold overlord one godly monarch battle pet, there were still nine of them!

There was no need for him to make a move. Nine immortal godly monarch battle pets were enough to kill both crocodile god King and his battle pets!

"This... how is this possible!"

Crocodile god King looked at the immortal godly monarch battle pets that were rapidly attacking them with a terrified expression!

He couldn't believe what he saw!

9 undying warpets, that was a total of 9 warpets!

This was unbelievable!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

9 undying warpets attacked!

"No, HOW CAN YOU HAVE 9 undying warpets, how can you have so many!"

Crocodile god Emperor roared in shock, roaring madly!

Facing nine undying god King War Pets and a Wang Xian who had advanced to undying god King, how could they fight?

Facing so many war pets attacking them, they could not hold on for long!

"This..."

Around them, Leng Yue and the disciples from the two sects looked up at the sky in shock!

Nine Undying God King War Pets, there were not so many God kings in the entire Heavenly Dharma Gate!

"Rumble!"

Everyone swallowed their saliva, their faces filled with shock!

"Hahaha, comparing warpets with our boss Wang!"

Invincible fighter saw this scene and couldn't help but laugh!

It was really satisfying, truly satisfying!

He should have provoked the other just now and let boss Wang kill him!

Even though the process wasn't very satisfying, this was definitely very satisfying!

Making you arrogant!

"This... how can boss Wang have so many undyings?"

The Cold Leng Yue asked with a stunned expression!

It was already extremely rare for her to have one undyings in her hands, and now one person actually took out 9 undyings!

How terrifying!

"Hehe, there were originally 10, I sold one to my teacher, this time we are preparing to sell it on East Lake Planet, that crocodile god Emperor doesn't know life and Death!"

Invincible said gloatingly!

"Beauty Leng Yue, the god Emperor Cub in your hands is only Level 1, when you reach the god Emperor level, I'll ask boss Wang to get you a high level war pet!"

He suddenly squinted his eyes, pretending to be very generous as he said to Leng Yue!

His words stunned Leng Yue, causing her to Panic!

Invincible smiled, who knows when Leng Yue will reach the undying god Emperor level, picking up Girls ~ ~