Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2431: On the treasure of 2431 crocodile god King

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At the star source planet's teleportation formation, the sound of battle could be heard from the black hole!

However, from the very beginning, crocodile god King was completely suppressed!

Nine against two. Under the circumstance where they could not escape, they could kill the other party in five minutes at most!

Wang Xian did not make a move. He stood there and watched quietly!

He did not need to make a move in this battle!

"What happened here?"

The commotion here quickly attracted the attention of the star origin planet. Three immortal godly monarchs flew over quickly!

When they saw the array formation that covered this space, they were slightly shocked!

"Someone is fighting, and it's a godly monarch level battle!"

One of the godly monarchs stared at the array formation and felt the terrifying fluctuations in it. He revealed a shocked expression!

"Who are they? How dare they start a fight on our star Origin Planet!"

Supreme Elder Leng of Heavenly Dharma Gate immediately questioned!

"Are there people outside?"

Inside the formation, Wang Xian looked outside!

"Invincible in battle techniques. Leng Yue is an elder of your sect. Go out and tell them that I, Dragon King, am going to exterminate crocodile god King Today!"

Wang Xian spoke to invincible in battle techniques Leng Yue and the rest!

"Alright, I will tell the seniors!"

Invincible in battle techniques nodded his head!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and sent them and all the disciples of the Overlord sect of the Heavenly Dharma sect out!

"Let's not waste any more time. Let's test our strength!"

Since there were people from the outside, Wang Xian didn't want to waste any more time. He moved his body and locked onto King Crocodile!

"Uncles, it's me, invincible in combat techniques!"

"Patriarch!"

Invincible in combat techniques, Leng Yue and the rest flew out and shouted immediately!

Invincible in combat techniques had a higher seniority, so it was more casual to address him!

"What happened inside?"

An overlord saw invincible in combat techniques. He relaxed his brows and asked him!

"It's that guy, Croc God King. He wants to kill boss Wang. He'll probably be killed soon!"

Invincible smiled and said!

"HM, crocodile god Emperor wanted to kill that king God Emperor from Tian Ze continent, and now he's being surrounded by his nine undying god Emperor Battle Pets!"

Leng Yue added to her ancestor!

"Crocodile god Emperor wants to kill Dragon King?"

Overlord and Heavenly Dharma Gate's three God emperors looked at each other and shook their heads!

That crocodile godly monarch was simply courting death!

They were very clear about the situation in the Tianze continent and the name of the Dragon King. If the crocodile godly monarch wanted to kill the Dragon King, it was simply courting death!

They could not say anything about it since it was courting death!

After all, the Dragon King could casually take out nine godly monarchs'battle pets. In addition to the godly monarchs'subordinates in the Dragon Palace, the Overlord sect and the Heavenly Dharma sect would not offend such a faction for no reason!

Buzz

At this moment, the formation in front of them slowly cracked open. Wang Xian's figure appeared in front of everyone!

Apart from him, he had already retrieved his battle pets. As for the crocodile god King, he had already turned into a corpse!

"Sorry to disturb everyone. Initially, I wanted to use the teleportation formation here to head to Planet Dongchi. I didn't expect the crocodile god King to want to kill me!"

Wang Xian looked at the three godly kings in front of him and said with a smile!

"Hehe, if he wants to kill you, the crocodile god King is courting death!"

An expert from the Overlord sect shook his head!

They were happy to see that their sect master's disciple had such a good relationship with the Dragon King. Naturally, they wouldn't have any objections to this matter!

"Then I Won't Disturb You Anymore!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at invincible battle technique!

"Hehe, let's go, let's go to the East Lake Planet!"

Invincible battle technique walked over immediately with Leng Yue following beside him!

The three godly monarchs didn't say anything and left immediately!

"Boss Wang, it's our first time on the East Lake Planet, so we have to take a good look around. I heard that it's a Paradise!"

Invincible battle technique followed Wang Xian to the front of the formation and said excitedly!

"I've been to the East Lake Planet once. It forbids any fighting and is strictly controlled. It's the only commercial planet with more than 100,000 human lives nearby!"

"You can buy a lot of things there. Dragon King, it shouldn't be too much trouble if you want to sell the immortal god King War Pet. Furthermore, rare shops like war pets are tax-free!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Leng Yue knew a little about East Lake Planet and told Wang Xian!

"Yes, I'm planning to open a Dragon Palace War pet shop to sell war pets in the future!"

Buzz

As Wang Xian spoke, he stepped into the teleportation formation!

Invincible in battle techniques, Leng Yue and the rest followed him and disappeared immediately!

Long-distance teleportation didn't take one second, but it would take half an hour!

After staying in the darkness for half an hour, a bright light appeared in front of them. Some noisy voices could be heard!

"Welcome to the East Pool Planet. Your identities were recorded when you entered the East Pool Planet!"

"Please abide by the rules of the East Pool Planet. Otherwise, we will punish you according to the laws of the East Pool Planet!"

A clear voice entered their ears. Wang Xian scanned his surroundings!

They were in a square, and their surroundings were filled with a sense of technology!

There were huge tall buildings around them, and there were s on the screen!

Between the tall buildings, there were trees that were thousands to tens of thousands of meters tall. The trees were emitting a luster!

Every tree was at least at the godly state. Among them, there were many divine trees that were at the level of the Eternal Lord!

When the people around swept a glance, 50% of them were at the level of the Eternal God Lord!

Everyone's attire looked expensive!

The entire planet gave people a feeling of extreme prosperity!

After all, it was the only commercial planet with more than 100,000 people living on it!

"Boss Wang, where are we going now?"

Invincible battle technique held the AI in his hand. After finding the map, he asked Wang Xian!

"Follow me!"

Wang Xian smiled and took out a jade ring!

He could fly on Planet Dongchi, but he could not exert his pressure. With a move, Wang Xian immediately flew into the sky!

He took out the A.I. and searched for a location. Immediately, he flew in a different direction!

Behind him, Leng Yue and the other two female disciples of the Heavenly Dharma sect hesitated for a moment before following behind him!

In the sky, there were all kinds of flying devices and all kinds of powerful people riding on all kinds of mounts!

There were also flying on swords and flying on clouds. It was a fusion of all kinds of civilizations!

The entire planet of the East Lake was huge and resplendent. The mountains and seas could already be turned into the essence of mountains and rivers!

This planet was a huge treasure trove!

"We're Here!"

After flying for a full hour, Wang Xian and the rest arrived in front of a lake!

The entire lake was huge. In front of the lake, there were many manors!

Each of the manors was about ten kilometers in circumference. There were many divine trees planted around them!

With the jade ring in his hand, he arrived in front of a manor!

Buzz

When he walked to the door, the door opened automatically!

"Wow, boss Wang, didn't you say that this is your first time here?"

Invincible battle technique asked with a face full of shock!

"This is the property of the crocodile god King!"

Wang Xian smiled!