Chapter 2432: 2432 under the treasures of the crocodile god King

Wang Xian killed the crocodile god King and found a lot of treasures from his interspatial ring!

As the leader of a god King Force, his savings were all in his immortal godly nation!

Before Wang Xian killed him back then, he used the soul capture command to summon his immortal godly nation!

This villa on East Lake Planet was bought here not long ago. Other than this villa, he also bought a huge shop on East Lake Planet!

A war pet shop. He had planned to open it for a period of time. Now, it was a great bargain for Wang Xian!

Other than these practical items, there were more than 500 immortal God level war pets in his immortal God nation. All of them were at least level five!

Among them, 300 had been tamed. This was prepared for the opening of the star Beast Tower!

Now, all of them belonged to Wang Xian!

Next, Wang Xian only needed to find some waiters to prepare for the opening of the star Beast Tower!

Apart from these, there was also an invitation letter. On the invitation letter was written the Molin Divine Mansion!

According to the memory of the crocodile god King, this invitation letter was worth a lot!

"Wow, this manor is not bad. I didn't expect the crocodile god King to do such a good thing after his death!"

Invincible in battle techniques entered the manor and scanned the surroundings with excitement!

The entire manor was extremely luxurious. In the middle of the manor, there was an eternal main god tree that was dozens of meters tall!

The main god tree's branches and leaves were emitting a bright luster, blocking off all the dust!

The entire manor was close to the lake, and the scenery was very beautiful!

"This place is not bad. We can rest here directly. Later, we will go to the location of the shop to take a look!"

Wang Xian was satisfied!

"This crocodile god King has saved you a lot of time, boss Wang!"

Invincible battle technique said with a smile!

"I will go to the location of the shop to take a look. Do you guys want to take a look by yourself or?"

Wang Xian looked at invincible battle technique and the rest!

They came here to settle some matters. It was impossible for them to follow him all the time!

"Boss Wang, give me a room here. Hehe!"

Invincible battle technique said shamelessly!

"Sure, pick one of the courtyards over there. I'll go out First!"

Wang Xian said to them. Following that, he moved and flew toward the shop according to the address on the AI!

"The place chosen by the crocodile god King is really luxurious. It's the center of the entire East Lake Planet!"

Wang Xian looked at a cylindrical commercial square that covered an area of more than 100 kilometers. A smile appeared on his face!

The entire cylindrical building was not very tall. It was about 2,000 meters tall and was divided into a total of 10 floors. Each floor was 200 meters tall!

There were only about 100 shops inside. One could imagine how expensive this place was!

In order to purchase this place, the crocodile god King had spent a lot of money!

Most of his savings were spent on this shop!

The entire commercial square had yet to open for business. Wang Xian entered the shop and took out his pass. He was very satisfied after entering the shop!

There were at least a dozen war pets that were several thousand meters in size in this shop!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, an invitation letter that he had placed on his body suddenly trembled!

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and opened it immediately!

A line of words appeared on the invitation letter. The Ink Forest Divine Mansion had invited the Croc God King to come and discuss important matters!

"Ink Forest Divine Mansion!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as he looked at this line of words!

There was no such force on East Lake Planet. However, according to the memory of the Croc God King, this ink forest divine mansion had invited many Beast Tamers!

Initially, the Croc God King did not trust the other party. However, after the other party helped him to get this shop, he could feel the other party's strength!

According to the other party, they wanted to find a group of Beast Tamers to help Tame a Space Beast Cub!

A Space Beast was a real space beast. Even if it was a cub, it was at the level of an undying god King!

As for how strong it was, the crocodile god King didn't know!

"Let's go and take a look. The other party promised to pay a huge reward if we succeed!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and prepared to take a look!

This reward was comparable to an ordinary immortal king level 2 or 3 mission!

Wang Xian moved and flew towards the location of the Mo Lin Divine Mansion according to the address on the invitation!

The Mo Lin Divine Mansion was located in a relatively remote place. It took him a whole hour to arrive!

After all, he was a godly King!

There was a black bamboo forest within a radius of a few hundred kilometers. In the middle of the forest, there was a small river flowing through the center!

Beside the river, there was a manor. The manor was not big, but it was not small either!

It was covered by a powerful array formation!

Inkwood divine mansion, this was the destination!

"Visitors, take out your invitation!"

Wang Xian landed in front of the manor and an old man suddenly appeared out of thin air!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at the old man with a hint of surprise in his eyes!

An immortal king level four powerhouse was one of the top existences on the East Lake Planet!

A third-rate force that controlled the East Lake Planet, an immortal king level four powerhouse was considered a peak powerhouse!

However, an old man who was guarding the door here had such strength! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and passed the invitation over!

Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, a group of people flew over from behind!

They were all wearing the same uniform with the words 'Heavenly Beast'written on it!

Wang Xian took a glance and his eyes sparkled!

The Heavenly Beast Corporation!

"This is not your invitation letter. where is the crocodile god King?"

Suddenly, at this moment, the eyes of the old man in plain clothes stared at the invitation letter in his hand!

An aura was locked onto Wang Xian!

"Yes, I just killed the crocodile god King. I got this invitation letter, so I came to take a look!"

Wang Xian didn't hide anything and said with a smile!

"Grandmaster Beast Tamers are only welcome here. Leave immediately!"

The old man in cloth was expressionless as he said to Wang Xian directly!

"Roar!"

Just as he finished his sentence, Wang Xian waved his arm and two immortal godly King War Pets appeared beside him!

"Beast Tamer Guru, a true Beast Tamer Guru!"

He said indifferently!

"Huh?"

The elder in cloth clothes was slightly stunned and frowned slowly!

At the same time, in the small manor behind them, a middle-aged woman was standing beside a veiled woman!

They were standing on the small building and were clearly watching everything outside!

"Miss, something happened. That crocodile god King was killed. A young man who is a little too young came over with an invitation!"

A voice rang in their ears!

"Could it be that something has happened?"

"We know the background of these beast tamers. There shouldn't be any problems. Now, a stranger has suddenly appeared..."

The lady beside the veiled lady frowned and said softly!

"Let him verify his identity!"

The veiled lady also frowned and sent a voice transmission. His gaze landed on Wang Xian and the two immortal god King War Pets beside him. He was also surprised!

"Your identity does not match. Our operation this time is very important. If you can't prove your identity, you are not allowed to enter!"

The elder in cloth clothes said coldly!