Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2433: 2433 captured the space beast

"Prove your identity and background?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows when he heard the old man's words. After hesitating for a moment, he suddenly turned around!

His gaze landed on the five or six people from the Heaven Beast Corporation. A smile appeared on his face!

"They know me and my identity!"

Wang Xian pointed at the people from the Heaven Beast Corporation and said to the old man in cloth clothes!

"Huh?"

The old man in cloth clothes looked at the group of people from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

The five or six people from the Heaven Beast Corporation were obviously stunned. They frowned and sized up Wang Xian!

"Brother, we don't know you!"

The old man in the lead said coldly!

Buzz

As soon as the old man finished his sentence, Wang Xian sensed a sealing force appearing around him. The old man in cloth clothes stared at him and narrowed his eyes slightly!

"How can I not know you? Two months ago, your Heaven Beast Corporation came to my Dragon Palace to cause trouble. There should have been two of you there!"

"It's a pity that I didn't treat you well and you left!"

Wang Xian pointed at two of them with a smile and said!

"Dragon Palace!"

When the six of them heard Wang Xian's words, their expressions changed drastically. Killing intent surged from their bodies instantly!

At the same time, they were also extremely astonished. The Dragon Palace knew that the previous incident was done by their Heaven Beast Corporation!

This enmity had already been formed!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace in the Tianze Continent!"

Wang Xian ignored the Heaven Beast Corporation. He really didn't care about the current Heaven Beast Corporation!

He looked at the elder in cloth clothes, cupped his hands and said!

"Sure, let's go in!"

The old man in cloth clothes nodded when he saw the furious looks of the people from the Heaven Beast Organization!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian smiled and walked straight in!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian entered the courtyard and sensed something. He looked at the small bamboo house in front of him!

He swept his gaze over and saw a woman standing there quietly!

He raised his eyebrows and a mysterious glint flashed across his eyes. He swept his gaze over to the position beside the Woman!

"Aunt Ying, he can't have discovered me, right?"

On the small bamboo house, the veiled lady and Wang Xian looked at each other. She frowned slightly and said to the lady!

"I don't think so. The sky concealing veil can hide a person in a crack in the void. Unless one is an immortal king level 8 or above, one can not see the existence of the Lady!"

"However, this young man is interesting. He seems to have sensed something amiss. Lady, I'll get someone to investigate him immediately!"

The woman transmitted her voice!

"Alright!"

The veiled woman nodded her head!

"Interesting!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. He could not even place himself in the void crack at the moment!

A lady who was merely at the level of a god Lord could do it. Needless to say, she was from a wealthy family!

He smiled and sensed the murderous aura coming from behind. He ignored it and continued walking forward!

When he arrived at a room, there were already seven to eight old men sitting inside. Beside the old men were disciples and other subordinates!

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings. All eight old men were at the Immortal King Realm. The strongest one was a level three immortal King Realm Powerhouse!

He walked over and found an empty seat and sat down immediately!

Everyone in the room looked at Wang Xian curiously!

"Everyone from the Heaven Beast Corporation is Here!"

At this moment, everyone from the Heaven Beast Corporation arrived. A few immortal King realm powerhouses in the room greeted him with smiles on their faces!

"Yes!"

The old man in the lead nodded at them. He glanced at Wang Xian coldly and sat at the side!

"Everyone should be here, right? Where's Master?"

Sitting at the first seat on the right, the level 3 immortal King realm old man swept his gaze around and said indifferently!

"Everyone, please calm down!"

At this moment, the old man in cloth clothes appeared in the room and said indifferently!

Upon hearing the old man's words, the level 3 immortal King realm old man nodded. He still had to respect a level 4 immortal King Realm Expert!

Even if his status was not weaker than a level 4 immortal king stage powerhouse!

"It's my honor to have all of You Beast Tamer Grandmasters Here!"

At this moment, a graceful lady walked out from behind and swept her gaze across the crowd with a smile!

Wang Xian looked over and saw a lady and a veiled lady walking out!

The veiled lady was still hidden in the void crack. No one in the surroundings had noticed him!

"We have invited all the Beast Tamer grandmasters here. We will also tell you some information. Is this young master clear about it?"

As the lady spoke, she looked at Wang Xian and asked!

"Space Beast?"

Wang Xian replied!

"That's right, space beast. We have found a space beast in the nearby Starfield. We would like to invite all of you to help tame it. The mission is successful. We will distribute it according to your roles. At least one level one immortal king cub!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"There are many of you from the Heaven Beast Organization, but there is only one Beast Tamer Grandmaster. We can give you two level 1 undying god King Cubs as a base!"

The woman spoke to everyone!

Everyone nodded without any objections!

"If you don't have any objections, we will leave now. Before this matter is over, no one is allowed to use any communication devices!"

The woman stood up slowly and said in the end!

"Alright!"

Everyone nodded their heads without any objections!

"Let's Go!"

The woman looked at the old man in the cloth clothes and said!

The old man in the cloth clothes nodded his head and waved his hand gently. He opened a black hole and stepped into it!

The rest of the people followed behind and walked in!

The woman and the veiled woman were the last to enter!

Buzz

When Wang Xian passed through the formation, they were already in the void!

There was a powerful airship in front of them. The old man in plain clothes stood at the entrance of the airship and gestured to everyone!

Everyone immediately walked in!

Wang Xian entered and looked around the airship before walking towards a seat!

Bang

However, before he arrived, an old man was sitting there and staring at Wang Xian coldly!

"Heaven Beast Corporation, I haven't settled the score with you yet!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and said nonchalantly!

"Settled the score with us? We haven't settled the score with you yet for killing the people of Our Heaven Beast Corporation!"

At the back, five pairs of eyes locked onto Wang Xian with a hint of killing intent!

Since the Dragon Palace knew that they were enemies, the Heaven Beast Corporation had nothing to hide or hold back!

"Everyone, we don't want to make any mistakes in this operation. If there are any problems due to some people, don't blame us for being impolite!"

At this moment, the woman's voice sounded from the back!

At the same time, a wave of pressure instantly filled the entire airship!

Feeling this terrifying pressure, everyone's expressions changed slightly as they stared at the woman behind them in shock!

Her strength caused everyone to feel suffocated!

She was much stronger than the old man in cloth clothes!

"We will definitely do our best!"

The six people from the Heaven Beast Corporation looked at each other and immediately said to the woman!

"Let's set off!"

The woman nodded and said directly!