Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2434: 2434 captured the space beast

The speed of the airship was very fast. It was comparable to the full speed flight of an immortal King Level 1!

The entire airship didn't say anything. The atmosphere was a little heavy!

Wang Xian and the Heaven Beast Corporation were obviously enemies. The rest of the Beast Tamer grandmasters obviously didn't have a deep relationship either. They waited in silence!

Time passed slowly. The airship had flown for more than ten hours!

"Aunt Ying, will it succeed this time?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In the cockpit at the front of the airship, the veiled woman frowned as she looked ahead and asked softly!

"It will succeed, it will definitely succeed. It's a pity that I can't make a move. That Sky Behemoth knows my aura. Once I appear, it will immediately flee!"

Aunt Ying nodded her head heavily, feeling slightly helpless!

"If only those two women were willing to help us back then!"

Aunt Ying continued speaking, shaking her head slightly!

"Those two women are the most talented ones I've ever seen. Even the most outstanding disciples of the great sects and great religions can not compare to them. They are much more outstanding than me!"

The veiled woman's gaze flickered slightly!

"The strongest one is still their sky behemoth battle pet. Its potential is too terrifying. It might not be long before I'm no match for that Sky Behemoth!"

Aunt Ying sighed slightly!

"We've helped them a little. It's not bad that they can tell us about a space beast. If I can subdue it, perhaps I can bring my mother along..."

The veiled lady didn't finish her sentence as she looked ahead in a daze!

"We're almost there!"

At this moment, a voice sounded from inside the airship!

"What is this place?"

Wang Xian looked outside, his eyes gleaming!

"The Blackstone Domain!"

He mumbled softly!

Humans were not the rulers of this resplendent starry sky. The main reason was that there were many dangerous lands!

Many of these areas were inaccessible to the weak. There were desolate beasts and demonic beasts there!

Sometimes, the desolate beasts in these dangerous lands would attack the surrounding planets!

The black stone domain was one of the fierce areas in the northern corner of the Imperial Star Field. There were more than a hundred desolate beast planets in this domain. There was also a desolate beast called the black stone monster that lived in the starry sky!

This black stone monster looked like a rock. It had no intelligence and liked to devour metal!

They would attack anything that carried metal!

"Weng!"

At this moment, the airship stopped and a woman walked in from the front!

"Let me tell you the target!"

The woman swept her gaze over everyone, waving her arm!

A scene appeared in front of everyone, it was a terrifying space beast!

The Beast had a snake head, its entire body was like a huge rock!

It stood in space, looking extremely terrifying!

"The towering snake space beast, 10,000 m long, undying Emperor Level 2, it's currently hiding in the Black Rock Domain!"

"The Space Beast's characteristics, it can create its own god country, it can enter the space rift. As for searching for it, you will have to rely on your own abilities!"

"Inform everyone when you find the Space Beast, do your best to subdue it, the next step is to tame it, you should all know the difficulty of taming the Space Beast!"

The woman said to everyone!

"There are many undying god King desolate beasts living in the black rock domain, it's not safe here!"

A Beast Tamer grandmaster frowned as he said!

"Everyone, we are offering such a generous reward, we naturally have to pay a price. There's no such thing as a free lunch!"

The woman said indifferently to the Beast Tamer Grandmaster!

"Of course, we will not make things difficult for everyone. In a month's time, if you don't find the towering Snake Space Beast within a month, you can give up. Our reward will not be small either!"

The woman added!

After searching for the space beast in the Blackstone Domain for a month, regardless of success or failure, one would obtain an immortal King Pup Battle Pet. This reward was absolutely terrifying!

Even though all of them were beast tamers, they couldn't resist the temptation!

"Sure!"

Everyone nodded!

"Also, I would like to remind all of you not to bring your personal grudges here. Once they appear, you won't be able to bear it!"

As the woman spoke, she looked at Wang Xian and the group from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"Don't worry, we know what to do!"

The old man who was the leader of the Heaven Beast Corporation nodded his head lightly!

Wang Xian smiled and didn't say anything!

"Everyone, let's Go!"

As the woman spoke, she waved her arm and opened the airship. Without any hesitation, the Beast Tamers flew straight into the Blackstone Domain!

Wang Xian followed closely behind and flew outside. He scanned his surroundings and flew deeper into the Blackstone Domain!

"Uncle Bu, let's go as well!"

After all the Beast Tamers on the airship left, the veiled lady who had been standing beside the woman said to the elder in cloth clothes!

"Miss, you can wait here. I will go and look for it myself!"

The elder in cloth clothes said respectfully to the Veiled Lady!

"I can't sit still here. I have the heaven concealing veil. I Won't be in any danger!"

The veiled woman shook her head and said to the old man in cloth clothes!

"Alright then!"

The old man in cloth clothes looked at the woman beside him and nodded slowly!

Buzz

The veiled woman followed the old man in cloth clothes and flew into the Blackstone Domain as well!

"Do I have to stay here for a month?"

Wang Xian kept flying forward. His eyes scanned the surroundings as he thought to himself!

The reason why he came here this time was firstly because the reward this time was indeed a lot. Secondly, it was because of the space beast!

"I can stay here for a month. If this place is suitable, I can get ao crab and the rest to come over!"

Wang Xian made up his mind!

Since he was here, he would take a look. His understanding of this starry sky only came from the AI!

Some things were better seen with his own eyes!

"Let's see if I can find that towering snake space behemoth and understand the desolate beasts in the black rock domain!"

He muttered and increased his speed!

Soon, huge black rocks appeared in the void in front of him!

Some of these rocks were real rocks, while others were black rock monsters and desolate beasts!

If one had metal on their body, they might be attacked by Blackrock Monsters!

This was because of the characteristics of these blackrock monsters. Even an immortal king would not be able to tell if this was a rock or a Blackrock Monster!

Furthermore, Blackrock Monsters could only sell metal materials when they were killed. The value was not high, so very few people would provoke these desolate beasts!

"These blackrock monsters are tonic for ao crab and the rest!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the area. He could not differentiate between the rock and the Blackrock Monsters. He flew straight ahead!

There were more than a hundred desolate beast planets inside. Each planet was not smaller than the Tianze continent. If he were to search for ordinary desolate beasts, it would be like searching for a needle in a haystack!

However, it was relatively easier to search for the space behemoths. The space behemoths were very big and had a strong suppression on desolate beasts!

If one was lucky enough to encounter the space behemoths'prey, they would be able to find them quickly!