Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2435: 2435 captured the space beast

"Huala!"

On the outermost planet of the Blackstone Domain, Wang Xian entered carefully!

"There are quite a number of immortal king desolate beasts on this planet. There are at least 20 to 30 of them!"

He sensed the aura of the entire planet and revealed a serious expression!

According to the information on the AI, there were hundreds of immortal king desolate beasts in the Blackstone Domain. Among them, the strongest one might be level 3 or level 4 immortal King Desolate Beasts!

This was a dangerous area!

Furthermore, the immortal king level sea monsters in the Blackstone Domain were more cunning. The Immortal King Level Sea Monsters were well hidden!

Very few people stepped into this domain!

"I can capture some immortal king level desolate beasts here and tame them!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. Immortal king level battle pets were extremely valuable!

There was a type of black plant growing on the entire desolate beast planet. Some of the plants clearly possessed terrifying offensive power!

The creatures living on the desolate beast planet were obviously more terrifying than the places where humans lived!

In this place, the strong preyed on the weak. The weak would not be able to survive on this dangerous desolate beast planet!

How could it be so simple to imagine the creatures that could survive on the immortal King Desolate Beast Planet?

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang five elements dragon eyes. He could see the hunters around him!

There were poisonous snakes coiled around the trees. There were poisonous plants disguised as ordinary trees. There were some earth-type desolate beasts making traps underground!

The entire desolate beast planet was filled with killing intent!

Wang Xian's entire body was surrounded by the Yin-yang five elements alms bowl. He concealed his aura and shuttled around the planet!

The creatures that were courting death and wanted to sneak attack him were instantly killed!

Wang Xian was not very interested in desolate beasts below immortal god King level!

Of course, if he encountered a peak god Lord level desolate beast, he would still make a move to tame it! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

His speed of taming desolate beasts was relatively fast. A peak god Lord level one could be done in more than ten minutes!

It was impossible for other Beast Tamer Grandmasters to completely tame a peak god Lord level sea monster without more than half a month!

"Eh?"

After traveling on this planet for more than an hour, Wang Xian's figure suddenly stopped. His gaze was fixed on a desolate beast that was lying on top of a volcano in front of him!

It was a reminder for a desolate beast that was 2,000 meters in size. It was as though it was bathing in the lava!

"Immortal King Level One desolate beast. My Luck is not bad!"

Wang Xian sensed the strength of the desolate beast. With a move of his palm, the five elements millstone appeared in his hand!

With a wave of his arm, the black hole disturbing formation was immediately activated!

A substantial law enveloped the surrounding space!

"Roar Roar!"

The Level 1 immortal King desolate beast on top of the volcano immediately let out a low roar when it sensed the changes in its surroundings. With a move of its body, it disappeared into the volcano!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows when he saw this scene!

"An immortal king desolate beast is so vigilant?"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with astonishment!

He undid the formation with a slightly embarrassed expression!

He moved his palm slightly and continued to set up the black hole disturbance formation on the Five Elements Millstone!

There were five avatars in the Five Elements Millstone who had been comprehending the formation. Although Wang Xian's speed of improvement was fast, the formation did not come down at all!

His body moved and Wang Xian continued to search around the planet!

Ten hours later, when a level one immortal king dire beast saw Wang Xian leaving with the black hole disturbing formation, Wang Xian frowned slightly!

"Unlike the sea monsters that do not fight all year round in the underground sea, the Immortal King dire beast here is very vigilant. Unless he has set up a formation in advance and activated it immediately when he stepped in, it would be hard to catch him otherwise!"

Wang Xian thought to himself!

"Forget it, let's look for that towering Snake Space Beast!"

Wang Xian flew into the clouds above and surveyed the entire planet!

However, Wang Xian also encountered a type of desolate beast's attack in the thick clouds. It could be said that there were dangers everywhere!

In the surroundings, there were all kinds of roars from desolate beasts from time to time. The sounds of battle were endless!

Wang Xian even heard the roars of the immortal king desolate beast twice!

After searching the entire planet, Wang Xian did not find any signs of the towering Snake Space Beast!

He moved his body and flew deeper into the planet!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Damn it! Damn it! This level 3 immortal king desolate beast has locked onto me!"

At this moment, an angry roar came from the front!

An extremely terrifying desolate beast was chasing an old man. The old man's face was filled with unwillingness!

Buzz

His body moved and disappeared instantly!

"He left. I wonder if that fellow will return!"

"He should be here as soon as possible. There will be no reward if he doesn't come!"

Wang Xian looked over and thought to himself!

Seeing a god King being forced to flee back to his immortal God country, Wang Xian became even more careful!

Since he couldn't get the immortal King Desolate Beast, it would be best if he could get the reward!

Wang Xian moved his body and continued to search the surroundings!

For the next six days, Wang Xian searched more than a dozen planets, but he didn't find any sign of the space beast!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

"I found the Space Beast! I found the Space Beast!"

On the seventh day, a voice rang out from Wang Xian's communicator!

"Such good luck!"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. A look of astonishment appeared on his face!

When he saw the other party's location, he immediately flew in that direction!

"Miss, someone has discovered it!"

At this moment, on a planet, the old man in cloth clothes was delighted when he received this message. He immediately said excitedly!

"Uncle Bu, bring me there. Hurry Up!"

The Veiled Lady said excitedly!

"Alright!"

The two of them flew forward rapidly!

At the same time, all the Beast Tamer Grandmasters were flying in that direction!

"Be careful, don't let them discover us!"

When Wang Xian rushed over, an old man warned them with a vigilant look!

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Soon, Beast Tamers flew over one by one. The six Immortal Godly Kings from the Heaven Beast Corporation also rushed over!

"Are you sure?"

The old man in cloth clothes appeared and immediately asked the discoverer!

The veiled lady stood by the side, but the others still couldn't see her!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he felt a little strange!

He couldn't help but look at the veiled lady. To be able to hide in the void crack and look at the outside world, this treasure was definitely not simple!

"Senior, we have confirmed it. Everyone, get ready. I will bring you there!"

The Beast Tamer Grandmaster who had discovered it nodded and carefully flew forward!

The rest of the group immediately followed behind!

"Over there, I just saw him disappear into the lake. Furthermore, if we are careful, we should be able to detect him hiding within the spatial rift!"

In front, the Beast Tamer pointed to a valley below. In the middle of the valley, there was a huge lake!

"Eh? This is the towering Snake Space Beast!"

Wang Xian looked down and his eyes were filled with astonishment!