Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2436: 2436 attacked

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

An undying emperor level warrior could hide within the space fissure, a powerful undying emperor could travel within!

The Space Beast's specialty was that even though he was only at Undying Emperor Level 3, he could still travel within the space fissure!

However, warriors of the same level could sense if there was a space fissure in the space around!

If there was, attacking the space crack would cause the space crack to collapse!

In Wang Xian's vision, the space beast stood in the middle of the lake. It had a triangular snake head that was about 100 meters long and 10 meters in diameter!

Its eyes were closed and there was a long wound on its body. Clearly, it was heavily injured and was recuperating!

"It is indeed in there. Good, good. Grandmaster, regardless of whether it succeeds or not, we will give you a Level 1 immortal King Cub. If it succeeds, we will give you two!"

The elder stared at the lake and said excitedly!

When the Beast Tamer Grandmaster heard the Elder's promise, his face was filled with joy!

"Get Ready. This towering snake space beast can escape through the Void Rift. This time, we can not let him escape!"

The elder said to everyone around him!

"Don't worry, We Are All Beast Tamer Grandmasters. Our ability to capture desolate beasts is not something an ordinary godly monarch can compare to!"

An elder from the Heaven Beast Corporation said confidently!

"That's good. Make your move. Once we capture them, the reward will not be small!"

As the elder spoke, he flew straight into the sky!

The rest of the beast taming grandmasters immediately scattered around!

Wang Xian took up a position and stared at the towering snake space beast below!

A Level 3 Immortal Godly King Space Beast was not something he could contend against. He only needed to disrupt it a little!

The main thing was to rely on the old man in cloth clothes!

Buzz

The moment they flew over, the towering snake space beast in the lake suddenly opened its eyes!

Wang Xian, who had been watching the space beast, had a bad feeling!

The others did not have his dragon eyes and could not see the actions of the towering Snake Space Beast!

"Roar!"

When everyone was surrounding it, the giant space serpent opened its mouth and attacked the group of people on the left!

"Huh?"

The direction where Wang Xian's giant space serpent was attacking didn't say anything!

In the next moment, a terrifying gust of wind swept towards the group of people from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"Oh no!"

"Be careful!"

The sudden attack caused the expressions of the group of people from the Heaven Beast Corporation to change drastically!

The expressions of everyone around also changed drastically as they reminded loudly!

In the sky, the old man in cloth clothes waved his arm and a whip appeared in his hand. Lightning coiled around the whip and swept downwards!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The terrifying attack tore apart the space below and the towering snake space behemoth appeared directly!

Bolts of lightning landed on his body, causing fresh blood to splatter everywhere!

Wang Xian waved his arm and grabbed a drop of blood!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

The vertical snake swallowed and spat out its head. In an instant, its body sank to the bottom of the lake. It wanted to escape!

Moreover, its escape was not to drill a hole in the ground. Instead, it was to break through space and travel through the cracks!

In such a situation, it was completely unaffected by the ground!

"Attack!"

The elder in cloth clothes immediately roared loudly. The whip in his hand was wrapped by lightning as it swept towards the vertical snake!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The rest of the group also immediately launched their attacks. A terrifying energy covered the area below!

Space was directly torn apart!

"That Space Beast wants to enter the depths of the planet. All of you are scattered around the planet. Once it appears, immediately attack!"

The old man in cloth clothes saw that he was drilling towards the depths of the planet and his expression was somewhat unsightly!

Only he could keep up with the towering snake's speed. The others would find it difficult to keep up!

"There are many immortal god King desolate beasts on this planet. Sealing them is impossible. We will keep watch around the planet. The moment we come out, we will immediately surround and Attack!"

The only immortal God King Level Three Beast Tamer said loudly!

"Alright!"

The others nodded. They were still lacking in strength!

Chu she's attack just now had seriously injured two people from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

Buzz

Wang Xian ignored the old man's order. With a move of his body, he dived into the lake below and followed closely behind the old man and Chu She!

He had the five elements attributes and could easily travel through the soil and metal. The planet below could not hinder him at all!

On the other hand, Chu Chu snake was severely injured and his strength was greatly reduced. Wang Xian was not afraid of him at all!

"Eh? That Dragon King is following him!"

"Is he an Earth Elemental Godly King?"

Some of the Beast Tamer Grandmasters noticed Wang Xian following him and raised their eyebrows slightly. They did not pay too much attention to him!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The old man waved the whip in his hand and attacked the space in the entire planet. Sometimes, he forced Chu Chu snake to reveal his body!

Wang Xian followed behind and was not shaken off at all!

"According to this situation, this space beast is going to be captured!"

Wang Xian looked at the large amount of blood around him and thought to himself!

Buzz

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss

However, just as he finished his sentence, a green black hole appeared in front of him!

The towering snake immediately dived into the green black hole and disappeared instantly!

"Oh no, it's this situation again!"

The old man's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene!

The last time they captured it, they encountered such a situation. This towering snake escaped from their pursuit directly!

It was the same this time!

Everyone knew that it was extremely difficult to kill the space beast, but they didn't expect it to be so difficult!

"HMM? What kind of escape ability is this? It's even stronger than teleportation!"

Wang Xian looked over and his face was filled with astonishment!

He moved his palm and a drop of blood appeared in it. Immediately, he set up a bloodline connection formation!

Buzz

Following that, he set up another formation and displayed the image of a towering snake!

Located at a spot tens of billions of kilometers away, the towering snake was hidden in the void crack in the starry sky!

At this moment, the injuries on his body were clearly more serious!

"What a terrifying speed. He managed to escape tens of billions of kilometers in an instant. This is almost the edge of the Blackstone Domain!"

Wang Xian was a little speechless!

"It escaped again!"

From the position in front, the furious voice of the old man in cloth clothes could be heard!

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. He could find the location of the towering snake. As long as he told them, he would be able to capture it this time!

"Anyway, I'm selling the Space Beast for sale. There's no harm in telling them. After all, this is also a moral issue!"

Wang Xian muttered to himself. When he saw the old man flying out, he immediately flew out as well!

"Senior, Where's The Space Beast?"

Outside the planet, more than a dozen immortal godly monarchs were staring ahead. When they saw the old man coming out, they immediately asked!

"It escaped!"

The old man said with a dark expression!

"How can that be, we were clearly guarding outside, we didn't see it escape!"

Everyone around was shocked, their expressions ugly!