Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2437: 2437 attacked

The entire planet was completely sealed, over 10 undyings were scattered around, it wasn't an exaggeration to say that even if a fly flew out, they would notice it! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, a 10,000 m laughing space beast escaped, they didn't notice it, this made them a little embarrassed, they couldn't believe it!

"I placed some lightning law fragments on its body, and I can confirm that it is not on this planet. I can confirm that it is rapidly disappearing in front of us!"

The cloth-clothed old man's expression was also incomparably gloomy!

Towering Snake Space Beast was incomparably intelligent, but at the same time, it was also incomparably vigilant. The next time it appeared near it, it would immediately flee!

Beside, the Veiled Lady clenched her fists tightly, filled with unwillingness!

She had paid a huge price to get this towering snake!

In the end, it still escaped!

"Has it escaped from the Black Rock Domain?"

The Undying God King Level 3 Beast Tamer Master frowned and asked!

"No, it should be recuperating in this domain, but I'm afraid that when we find it, the towering snake space beast will be able to escape again!"

The old man shook his head helplessly!

The black rock domain was huge, to find the space beast again, it might have already recovered quite a bit, and it could still use that escape technique again!

If that was the case, it would be too hard to catch it!

Unless there were tens or hundreds of undyings working together!

But was it possible?

Even if there were hundreds of immortal kings working together, such a huge commotion would attract the attention of others!

Once someone knew that there was a young immortal King Space Beast Here, those big forces would definitely swarm over!

"I can find the location of that towering snake!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was flying over, heard their conversation and said with a smile!

"Huh?"

Everyone was slightly taken aback. They immediately looked at Wang Xian with astonishment on their faces!

"You can find the towering snake? Dragon King, if you can find it, we will definitely reward you handsomely!"

The elder in cloth clothes paused for a moment and said hurriedly!

"I can already lock onto the location. Let's go, we will head over immediately!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and pointed in a direction!

"Huh? You? How Can You Be Sure?"

The people from the Heaven Beast organization looked at Wang Xian and said coldly!

"Hehe, you'll know once you go. Just because you guys don't know doesn't mean I don't know!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and said mockingly!

"HMPH, do you think..."

"Alright, I'll have to trouble you to lead the way, Dragon King!"

The people from the Heaven Beast organization wanted to say something but were immediately interrupted by the elder in cloth clothes!

Wang Xian moved and flew straight towards the towering Snake Space Beast!

The group of people immediately followed closely behind!

The veiled lady in the crack in the void stared at Wang Xian with a gleam in her eyes. A hint of hope appeared on her face!

"There is still a distance of 5,000 kilometers. Once we get close to the towering snake, we might be able to sense it!"

"I have set up a formation that can seal the towering snake for less than a second. In less than a second, we must surround it!"

Wang Xian suddenly stopped in mid-air and said to the Beast Tamer Grandmasters!

"Everyone, listen to the Dragon King's arrangements!"

The old man in cloth clothes said immediately!

Buzz

Wang Xian took out the five elements millstone. With a move of his arm, the black hole interference array formation rapidly covered an area of 20,000 kilometers!

With his current strength, the black hole interference array formation could only interfere with the towering snake for less than a second!

However, in less than a second, it was enough for them to seal it!

"Follow behind me and prepare to surround it!"

Wang Xian growled and flew over at a terrifying speed. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes stared ahead!

"What kind of formation is this? Why do I feel that I have lost contact with the outside world!"

"Hiss, as expected, the towering snake is right in front of us!"

When Wang Xian flew forward, the group of Beast Tamers looked at the formation around them in shock!

Within this formation, they felt as though they were cut off from the world!

However, at this moment, they didn't think too much and directly attacked the towering Snake Space Beast!

"Hiss, hiss, hiss!"

When the towering snake sensed the group of people attacking it, it spat out its blood-red tongue. Its eyes were filled with coldness!

"Weng!"

Its body trembled, and the formation around it immediately cracked like glass!

"Crackle!"

At this moment, the old man in cloth clothes stared at the towering snake space beast with a burning face, and the lightning whip in his hand directly coiled around it!

"Spirit Trap!"

In the surroundings, many Beast Tamer grandmasters displayed their skills, and all kinds of binding attacks attacked the towering snake space beast!

"Hiss Hiss Hiss!"

The towering snake space beast was already heavily injured. Now that it was facing the attacks of the Elder and the other Beast Tamer Grandmasters, it was panicking!

It shook its huge body and quickly fled into the distance!

"If you want to escape, Trap!"

At this moment, a female voice suddenly sounded. A water pillar suddenly appeared in the sky!

The water pillar immediately split into eight and descended from the sky, surrounding the Space Serpent Beast!

"Hiss Hiss Hiss!"

The Space Serpent Beast shook its body frantically, but the water current was getting closer and closer, completely binding it!

"So Powerful!"

The group of Beast Tamers narrowed their eyes at this sight, and they looked at the woman who had suddenly appeared!

"Good, we've finally caught her, Haha!"

The old man in cloth clothes shouted excitedly!

The woman who had suddenly appeared also heaved a heavy sigh of relief. Her face was filled with smiles!

"Weng!"

With a wave of his arm, the bracelet in his hand flew towards the head of the towering Snake Space Beast!

"Hiss Hiss!"

The towering snake roared furiously, filled with unwillingness!

"Thank you all for helping us catch this space beast. Next, we would like to invite all of you grandmasters to help us tame it!"

"If any of you grandmasters can tame it, we are willing to pay more!"

The woman said directly!

"Let me give it a try!"

As soon as the woman finished speaking, an old man from the Heavenly Beast Corporation moved and immediately flew towards the towering Snake Space Beast!

With a smile on his face, he immediately sent his mental energy towards the towering snake!

The first thing a beast tamer had to do was to communicate with the towering snake, lure it and then slowly tame it!

"Pu!"

However, just as the Heavenly Beast Corporation's immortal God King Level 2 Beast Tamer Master flew in front of the towering serpent, his body flew over and he spat out blood!

"The Space Beast's spiritual energy is too violent, we can't communicate at all!"

The old man said with a pale face, his expression extremely ugly!

"There are very, very few space beasts to be tamed as war pets, even in the entire Emperor Star Field. Not only is it because space beasts are rare, but it's also hard to Tame!"

The difficulty of taming a space beast was something that all beast Tamers understood!