Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2438: 2,438 taming and conditions

"Let me do it!"

An Undying Emperor Level 2 Beast Tamer Master had just communicated with his spirit and was immediately heavily injured. The rest of the Beast Tamers looked at each other, they didn't have much confidence!

The Strongest Undying Emperor Level 3 Beast Tamer Master hesitated for a while, flying towards the towering Snake Space Beast!

"Weng!"

He extended his palm, dropping healing pills onto its body, trying to gain the towering snake's trust!

When the pills landed on its body, the towering snake's resistance was indeed much weaker!

He tried to communicate, but after over 10 minutes, the towering snake did not react at all!

"No, unless I take out more pills to treat its injuries, I can not gain its trust!"

"The space beast is even more ferocious than normal desolate beasts, unless we encounter a stronger space beast, it will be hard for it to submit!"

After half an hour, the Undying God King Level 3 Beast Tamer Master said with an ugly expression!

With his ability, taming a desolate beast of the same level would take at least a few years, and it would be even harder for him to help others tame it!

If he wanted to tame the space beast now, he did not have the confidence to do so for decades!

"No, once his injuries are treated, he might just run away!"

The woman immediately shook her head, her expression changing!

"Such a level of Space Beast, unless an undying god King Level 7 or 8 Beast Tamer Grandmaster is involved, it's impossible to tame it!"

The Undying God King Level 3 Beast Tamer Guru shook his head and said with a heavy face!

"An undying god King Level 7 or 8 Beast Tamer Guru, there's only one in the entire imperial star field? In the entire greater world, the only one who can tame this space beast is probably the Magus Beast Pavilion's Top Beast Tamer!"

The Guru continued!

"That's right, this Space Beast's spirit is too violent, it's too difficult to tame a beast of the same level, even a powerful Beast Tamer Guru might need a lot of time!"

The Old Man from the Heaven Beast Organization said as well!

The others looked at the space beast hesitantly, shaking their heads and not wanting to try anymore. It was too difficult!

That undying god King Level 3 warrior was already the strongest Beast Tamer Grandmaster in the vicinity. There was still a huge gap between them!

If he couldn't do it, the others naturally couldn't!

"This..."

The woman's expression slowly sank when she saw this scene!

They had spent a lot of time and money to capture this space beast. Now, they were in a desperate situation again when it came to taming it! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"I can tame it!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings and shook his head slightly. He said with a smile on his face!

"HMM?"

Wang Xian's words made everyone look at him!

"Young Man, your realm is much lower than mine. Can You Tame a space beast at level three of the Immortal King Realm?"

The Beast Tamer looked at Wang Xian and shook his head lightly with a look of disbelief!

"Let's give it a try and find out!"

Wang Xian revealed a look of confidence!

"Control the towering snake space beast well. Don't let it resist!"

He said to the woman and the elder in cloth clothes. With a move, he flew to the front of the towering Snake Space Beast!

Wang Xian didn't hesitate at all. His arm turned into a dragon claw and smacked heavily on the top of its head. A drop of fresh blood was placed on his palm!

"Bang!"

A tremendous force smacked on its head. A powerful dragon's might charged directly at its body!

"Surrender and absorb this drop of fresh blood!"

Wang Xian's voice resounded in its mind. When his palm landed on its head, fresh blood immediately oozed out from the top of its head!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

Being attacked by Wang Xian, the towering snake space beast stuck out its tongue. Its eyes were filled with violent killing intent!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. His dragon claws kept attacking the towering snake!

"What are you doing? Attacking a giant beast that you want to tame. How can you make it submit to you? Even if it is just a temporary submission, there is a high possibility that it will kill its Master!"

The expressions of the surrounding beast tamers changed slightly when they saw Wang Xian's violent taming method!

An expert from the Heaven Beast Corporation could not help but Roar!

"Hehe, How Can Your Heaven Beast Corporation compare to my beast taming method?"

Wang Xian revealed a confident expression. His dragon claw directly grabbed into the head of the towering snake and fresh blood flowed out!

"Submit!"

At the same time, he roared at the towering snake in a stern voice!

"With this method of yours, you killed it before it could be tamed. HMPH, how can someone like you be called a Beast Tamer Grandmaster?"

A person from the Heaven Beast Corporation said with disdain!

"This method is impossible!"

The other Beast Tamers shook their heads!

"If we continue attacking, we might really kill it!"

The Level 3 Immortal King Beast Tamer Grandmaster said with a frown!

"Dragon King, Stop!"

The old man in cloth clothes shouted at Wang Xian immediately!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

At this moment, the towering Snake Space Beast, which felt the threat to its life, felt the threat of death. It could feel the fearful pressure coming from Wang Xian's body. The towering snake let out a plea!

Fresh blood flowed into the top of its head. Sensing Wang Xian's terrifying killing intent, it lowered its head slowly and didn't dare to resist anymore!

The Dragon's blood was successfully absorbed!

"It's Done!"

Wang Xian said with a smile when he saw the dragon's blood being absorbed!

"Huh?"

Everyone was slightly stunned and looked over in astonishment!

At this moment, all the Beast Tamer Grandmasters saw a scene that they couldn't understand and were shocked!

The towering snake lowered its head slowly and respectfully expressed its submission to Wang Xian!

"Release the restraints on its body!"

Wang Xian instructed the woman and the Elder in cloth clothes!

Both of them opened their mouths with shock written all over their faces. When they saw the obedient behavior of the towering snake, they realized that it had made all the restraints stand out!

Buzz

Wang Xian stepped on the head of the towering snake. Waves of thick dragon energy were transmitted into its body to heal the injuries on its body!

Boom

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss

The Chu snake let out a low roar of joy. It slowly straightened its huge body and looked ahead arrogantly!

"How... how is this possible!"

A powerhouse from the Heaven Beast Corporation exclaimed in disbelief!

Even the Level 3 Immortal King Beast Tamer Master was in disbelief!

This was completely against the rules of Beast Taming!

But he did indeed tame a space beast, and it only took a few minutes!

This was too terrifying!

"How did he do it!"

A Heaven Beast Corporation expert roared softly!

Everyone only saw him continuously attacking the towering snake space beast!

This action, which they thought was extremely stupid, and even mocked him just now, had actually tamed this space beast!

"Could it be that he has a special beast taming technique?"

Everyone couldn't help but guess!

Only this special beast taming technique could tame a space beast so quickly!

If the space beast was so fast, what about the other undying God emperor level desolate beasts?

Thinking of this, everyone couldn't help but suck in a breath of cold air!

Their eyes were filled with heat!