Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2439: 2439 taming and conditions

"Dragon King, you... are you sure you have tamed it completely?"

The woman stared at Wang Xian with a face full of shock. Her eyes were filled with joy!

The veiled woman at the side was also filled with excitement. She stared blankly at the towering snake space beast in front of her!

"What do you think?"

Wang Xian patted the head of the towering Snake Space Beast. The towering snake lowered its head slowly and looked at the woman!

"This... Dragon King, can you help the others tame this Space Beast?"

The woman asked immediately!

"As a beast tamer, I can naturally do this!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Alright, Alright, Alright. Dragon King, can you please come with us?"

"Regarding the remuneration, we will definitely satisfy you!"

The woman said excitedly!

"Sure!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Old Bu, you handle the remuneration for the others. I will take Dragon King Away First!"

The woman immediately said to the old man in the cloth clothes!

"Alright, leave this to me!"

The old man in the cloth clothes nodded his head!

"Dragon King, please follow me!"

The woman gestured to Wang Xian!

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and patted the giant space serpent. It immediately followed closely behind!

It didn't look like it had just been tamed. Instead, it looked like a partner that had been tamed for tens of thousands of years!

"He actually tamed it!"

The group of Beast Tamers exclaimed in shock when they saw Wang Xian and the rest leaving!

"Everyone, this is the reward that you deserve!"

The old man in cloth clothes also looked at the figure of Wang Xian who was standing on the towering snake's head. He turned his head and said to them!

He took out the immortal king pups that he had prepared beforehand and gave them to them one by one!

Everyone didn't hesitate and immediately accepted!

"Everyone, please abide by our rules and don't tell anyone about this!"

The old man in cloth reminded everyone before turning around and disappearing instantly!

"Not bad, getting an immortal King Pup in a dozen days, this kind of opportunity might not come once in a few tens of thousands of years!"

A Beast Tamer Grandmaster looked at the Undying God King Cub in front of him, his face full of smiles!

The other Beast Tamers also had smiles on their faces!

"Don't be happy too early, if that Dragon King enters the battle pet industry on East Lake Planet, everyone's battle pet shop should be prepared to close down!"

An Old Man from the Heaven Beast Corporation was not in a good mood at the moment!

Even if they did not expend much effort to obtain two immortal god King Cubs, they did not feel the slightest bit of joy after seeing the terrifying Dragon King!

The terrifying ability to find immortal god King Desolate Beasts, the terrifying beast taming ability!

Nothing could be compared to an ordinary beast taming grandmaster!

Such a powerful enemy was a huge threat to their Heaven Beast Corporation!

"We don't have any enmity with the Dragon King, what we need to worry about is Your Heavenly Beast Corporation!"

A Beast Tamer Master looked at them and said indifferently!

"Hehe, just based on the other party's beast taming ability, do you think there won't be any repercussions in the future?"

The Heavenly Beast Corporation's expert said coldly!

"Furthermore, you should have seen the array formation just now. It can trap an undying god King!"

"I'm sure that there will be many undying god King battle pets that haven't appeared in hundreds or thousands of years!"

"This has nothing to do with you? You're deceiving yourself!"

Another expert from the Heaven Beast Corporation added with a sneer!

"His array formation and beast taming methods are indeed terrifying. Even the Magus Beast Pavilion is only so-so!"

"However, don't even think about us helping you deal with them!"

The Undying God King Rank 3 Beast Tamer Master said indifferently!

With that said, his body moved and he flew away instantly!

The rest of the group fell into deep thought and left as well!

Now that the Dragon King had not touched their interests, they could not act now!

No one would be willing to provoke someone who could contend with the Heaven Beast Corporation for no reason!

However, everyone had already remembered the formation and beast taming abilities that the Dragon King had displayed today!

"Dragon King, I'll have to trouble you to help someone tame this towering snake space beast. We can help you to raise your level by another level!"

At the periphery of the Blackstone Domain, the woman brought Wang Xian to the side of the airship and spoke!

"Are you helping the beauty beside you?"

Wang Xian stood on top of the snake's head and glanced at the position beside the woman as he asked with a smile!

"HMM?"

The woman's pupils contracted slightly and her expression changed slightly!

"You can see it?"

She stared at Wang Xian with a serious expression!

"I've been following you and that elder in cloth clothes all this while!"

Wang Xian smiled and didn't answer her directly!

The result was obvious!

"Even an immortal king level 8 powerhouse might not be able to discover me. How did you do it?"

At this moment, the veiled lady beside the lady appeared and stared at Wang Xian with a twinkle in her eyes!

Her figure couldn't be seen through her dress, but one could guess her delicate and fair arms!

Her veil covered most of her face and her yin-yang and five elemental dragon eyes couldn't see through it!

"I can even tame a space beast that even an Immortal King Level Eight Beast Tamer Grandmaster might not be able to tame!"

Wang Xian looked at her and smiled faintly. His eyes were sparkling!

"Your aura is very young, but I can't believe that you can actually advance to the immortal king level without 10,000 years!"

The veiled lady looked at Wang Xian with interest and said!

"Not to mention the treasures you have on you, you are already at level seven of the Eternal God Lord at such a young age. You are the daughter of heaven and are from a wealthy family!"

Wang Xian looked at her and commented!

"Help me tame this towering snake space beast. I will pay you a satisfactory reward!"

The veiled lady said to Wang Xian firmly!

"You do need to pay me a lot of money. I was also the one who helped you tame the towering snake that I found for you!"

Wang Xian nodded his head as expected. He touched the head of the towering snake and said, "It hasn't reached the mature stage yet. A mature towering snake has the strength of a peak immortal king. Even a celestial emperor might not be able to kill it!"

"You..."

"What do you want? I Can't take out too many treasures!"

The veiled lady's expression changed slightly as she spoke with a frown!

This time, it was all thanks to this man in front of her that she was able to obtain the space beast!

"I'm not going to ask for too much. Furthermore, what I need is very simple!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. "I need you to cooperate with me on a few things to compensate the space beast!"

"What? You... I didn't expect you to be a pervert. Let me tell you..."

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, the veiled lady's expression changed drastically. She immediately pointed at him and scolded him in excitement!

"Er... then don't misunderstand. I'm asking you to help me attract immortal king level desolate beasts so that I can capture them!"

Wang Xian's face turned black when he saw her agitated expression and said in a deep voice!

The veiled lady was stunned as well. Following that, her face continued to turn black!

Let Her attract an undying Emperor Beast? Use her as bait?

This...

. .