Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2440: On the 2440 pretty girl bait

Wang Xian didn't pay much attention to this girl who had a treasure and could hide in the crack in the Void!

However, when he wanted to capture the immortal king desolate beast, he realized a problem!

If he wanted to capture a sea monster of this level, he needed a bait!

It was a bait that was as invincible as his previous battle techniques!

Ordinary desolate beasts had very strong vigilance. Even if they encountered experts of the same level, they would not risk their lives if they did not risk their lives!

This meant that if you wanted to catch a desolate beast, you had to be three or four levels stronger than it, or you had to set up a trap and surround it!

And to set up an array in advance, to let a desolate beast enter, you needed a bait!

This bait's strength could not be very strong, if it was strong, the desolate beasts would not dare to chase!

However, there was another problem, the weaker bait would be killed by the desolate beasts!

The most perfect bait was the invincible battle technique!

The type that the sea monsters could not even kill!

However, the invincible battle technique bait had already been eliminated, making him attract the undying god King desolate beasts was simply sending him to his death!

However, the veiled lady in front of him was different. She had a treasure that could hide within the space rift!

If she hid, even an undying level 8 warrior would not be able to detect her!

If she was used as bait to attack the Undying Emperor desolate beast, the desolate beast would definitely teach this ant a good lesson!

And she only needed to use some defensive treasures, along with the ability to escape in the space rift, it was a bait that was comparable to invincible battle techniques!

As long as she was willing to be the bait, there was no need for her reward. With her as the bait, wouldn't capturing a level 1, level 2 or even higher immortal king level desolate beast battle pet be more than her reward?

Wang Xian thought as he narrowed his eyes and sized up the Veiled Lady!

When the veiled lady heard Wang Xian's words, her expression changed drastically!

When she saw his gaze, she was even more furious as she clenched her fists tightly!

She was a grand...

"Dragon King, please change your condition. We can help you raise one level. After that, we can give you a war pet of the same level. How about that?"

The woman frowned and said while clenching her teeth!

"Two years. be my bait for two years. Oh, no, two years as a partner. I'll Help You Tame the towering Serpent Space Beast!"

"A matured towering snake will be invincible in the entire imperial star field unless the Celestial Emperor of the imperial court makes a move. It is totally worth it to pay just a little!"

Wang Xian said directly to the woman!

To help him advance one level and give a war pet of the same level, the reward was absolutely terrifying!

However, to Wang Xian, in the long run, it was totally not worth it to let the veiled woman be his bait!

His words made the woman fall into deep thought. Two years of time in exchange for a tamed space beast cub was totally worth it!

Even if they could find an immortal king level seven or eight Beast Taming Grandmaster, it would still take a few years to tame this space beast!

"Sure!"

The veiled lady's changing expression slowly disappeared!

She also knew that this matter would be more beneficial to her!

"Two years, anytime!"

When Wang Xian heard her words, a smile appeared on his face!

"It is only limited to assisting you in capturing the desolate beasts!"

The veiled lady stared at Wang Xian and said!

"Of course, since we are now in the Blackstone Domain, let's get familiar with it!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at the Blackstone Domain in front of him!

"I want to capture the immortal king desolate beast. You need to lure it over. With your strength, you will definitely be hit. Do you have any defensive treasures?"

He asked the Veiled Lady!

"Don't worry, even a level 5 immortal King Desolate Beast can't hurt me!"

The Veiled Lady said coldly!

"Very good, then we will head over now. We will return in half a month!"

Wang Xian said immediately! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Alright. I have some matters to attend to in half a month. I need a few days to settle them. Once everything is settled, there will be no more problems!"

The veiled lady nodded her head coldly!

"Miss!"

At the side, the woman said to the Veiled Lady with some heartache!

"You can't follow me. Once the desolate beasts sense your strength, they will escape immediately. You can follow me, but she has to rely on herself to attract the immortal King Sea Monster!"

Wang Xian immediately said to the woman!

"It's Alright, Aunt Ying. This treasure on me is enough to withstand the constant attacks of the immortal King Level 5 desolate beast. The desolate beasts here can't hurt me!"

The veiled woman pursed her lips and said to the Woman!

"Sigh, Alright!"

The woman nodded her head helplessly and looked at Wang Xian unhappily!

If she didn't have a favor to ask of him, she would definitely teach this guy a good lesson!

"Let's go. I know a few places with level one immortal king level desolate beasts!"

A few days ago, Wang Xian had searched many planets and roughly knew where there were immortal king level desolate beasts!

He moved and immediately flew towards a planet in front of him!

The veiled woman was hiding in the void crack. Her speed was also a little strange. The woman was following behind Wang Xian!

After entering the planet, Wang Xian immediately became alert!

"Be careful. This place is filled with danger. Follow me and keep moving!"

Wang Xian reminded the veiled lady and quickly flew towards a direction!

"Wait here. I'll clean up the surroundings!"

After flying for more than an hour, they arrived at the front of their destination. Wang Xian swept his gaze across the place. He wanted to set up a formation here so that other dire beasts would not disturb him!

The veiled lady looked at him standing in the crack in the void without moving!

The lady beside him kept frowning. Clearly, she was very displeased to have her young miss as bait!

Buzz

Following that, Wang Xian began to set up array formations one after another!

The five clones in the five elements millstone only had the strength of a Level 1 immortal King!

In other words, the array formation he set up could only resist a level 1 immortal king desolate beast!

He did not have the time to master an array of a higher level!

Even if it was a black hole disturbing the space, it could only trap A Level 1 undying god King, and above level 1 could only interfere!

However, this was enough, he still had the towering Snake Space Beast!

With the towering snake, he could also capture a level 2 undying god King desolate beast!

This was a level 1 undying god King desolate beast, he did not need to set up many arrays!

"Miss, this god King named Dragon King isn't simple!"

Looking at Wang Xian who was setting up the arrays, the lady said to the Veiled Lady!

"Yes!"

The veiled lady nodded her head and stared at the busy figure in front of her!

Powerful array attainments and terrifying beast taming abilities weren't simple even in the Emperor Star Field!

"Alright!"

Ten minutes later, Wang Xian set up some arrays and inspected them with a smile on his face!

"Pretty Lady, there should be a level one immortal king level desolate beast in front of us. No matter what method you use, lure it over!"

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to the veiled lady excitedly!

Once he succeeded, it would be as easy as drinking water to increase his strength and the strength of the Dragon Palace in the future!