Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2441: 2441 beauty bait

"HMPH!"

When the veiled lady heard Wang Xian's words, her face turned extremely gloomy!

Beauty?

Go To Hell, this guy!

She glared at Wang Xian fiercely and immediately flew forward!

Wang Xian didn't care about her expression. He continued to look at her with a smile. He glanced at the lady beside him and gestured at her!

"Don't Bully Our Lady!"

The lady looked at Wang Xian deeply and said expressionlessly!

"I'm not bullying her!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

The lady nodded her head coldly and flew towards the back!

Wang Xian didn't want her to stay here for fear of being discovered by the Alert Immortal King Desolate Beast!

The lady could only distance herself from this place helplessly!

"This damn bastard, he wants me to be the idol of the tens of billions of people in the Emperor Star region, the goddess of countless people's dreams. How dare he use me as bait!"

The Emperor Star Lady flew straight in with a dark face and said through gritted teeth!

If it wasn't for the towering Snake Space Beast, she wouldn't have suffered such grievance!

"HMPH!"

She snorted and hid within the space crack, searching for the Undying God King desolate beast!

Emperor Star Lady's speed within the space crack was very fast. As she passed through the crack, no living being could attack her!

The ground and trees didn't affect her at all! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The journey was smooth. After walking around for half an hour, she saw an undying god King desolate beast lying in front of a resplendent grass!

That resplendent grass was wrapped in substantial laws, and the grass emitted a fatal attraction!

And the undying god King desolate beast beside her was green in color, like a green lizard. Its body wasn't very big, only about 20 meters!

It had black lumps on its body, it looked disgusting!

"It's this undying God king first level desolate beast, it's disgusting!"

Emperor Star Lady looked at the desolate beast in front of her, her face pale!

After all, her strength was only at the god Lord Realm, this desolate beast was much stronger than her!

Although her realm was at the peak of her age, she had never participated in battles, nor had she personally hunted desolate beasts!

Now that she had attracted the attacks of an undying god King desolate beast, her heart was filled with fear!

"If I take away the grass beside it, it should chase after me!"

Emperor Star Lady gathered her courage and took a deep breath, reaching out to grab the undying god King Level 1 divine grass!

Her body appeared and she grabbed the divine grass, grabbing it in her hands!

However, as she was too weak, she couldn't pull it out!

"Ao ao ao!"

But at that moment, a muffled roar sounded!

Emperor Star Lady looked up and saw a huge pair of ice-cold eyes staring at her!

"Ah!"

She exclaimed and hurriedly ran forward!

"Sou!"

But at the next moment, the lizard-like desolate beast's tongue reached out and swallowed it!

At that moment, she was on the verge of collapse. She was actually instantly swallowed into the disgusting stomach!

She resisted the feeling of vomiting as her veil became slightly illusory. She entered the space rift and easily passed through the desolate beast's body!

"Bait?"

Her face was pale as she clenched her fists. She gritted her teeth and continued to appear!

"AO AO!"

The undying god King desolate beast that was about to lie down was stunned. Following that, it opened its largest mouth and bit at her!

"Weng!"

Her body moved and immediately flew into the space rift, flying forward!

In a short second, she appeared over a hundred kilometers away!

"Ao ao ao!"

The undyings king desolate beast saw that an ant dared to provoke it and roared angrily!

It flew straight ahead, its terrifying claws tearing a rift in space!

Di Xingnu's expression changed drastically. She hurriedly fled in the direction where Wang Xian was!

Bang

However, the next second, she felt a claw landing on her body!

She felt herself spinning in the sky. She had done at least dozens of somersaults!

This made her extremely embarrassed!

It was too shameful! Too shameful!

Buzz

Seeing that she was about to crash into the tree in front of her, she hurriedly dove into the crack in the Void!

Crack! Crack

However, the next moment, she felt the void beside her being torn apart, and her entire body flew forward again!

This time, if she landed on the ground, she would definitely land face first!

Emperor star lady was so aggrieved that she almost cried. She held back her tears and looked behind her!

"Bang!"

What greeted her was an incomparably huge tail that directly swept her out!

If not for the treasures on her, she would have been killed!

"Ao ao ao!"

Behind her, the roar of the undying godly monarch desolate beast sounded. Emperor Star Lady felt the sky turn black!

She once again escaped into the spatial rift!

"Peng!"

However, she was followed by another claw that slapped her out of the spatial rift!

"Bastard, all of you are bullying me!"

Tears welled up in di Xing Nu's eyes as she gritted her teeth and flew towards Wang Xian with all her might!

The Immortal King Desolate Beast was attacking continuously from the back. It could not believe that it could not even kill an ant!

"Oh? He's Here!"

At this moment, Wang Xian noticed the commotion coming from the front. He squinted his eyes slightly!

"Bang!"

Next, he saw a beautiful figure flying horizontally towards him. He took a glance and locked onto the level one immortal king desolate beast in front of him!

"Well done, less than an hour!"

Wang Xian smiled and got ready!

"Buzz!"

When he saw the immortal king desolate beast entering the space where the formation was located, Wang Xian moved his arm!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the next moment, all the formations that were set up here were instantly activated!

"Buzz!"

At the next moment, the black hole disturbance and the two binding formations were instantly activated!

The Immortal King desolate beast that was enveloped by the formation was slightly shocked. It immediately wanted to escape!

However, it was too late!

Entering the area of the formation and Wang Xian using the formation to trap it were two different concepts!

At this time, even the immortal king desolate beast did not have the time to escape!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Two binding arrays immediately wrapped around the body of the desolate beast!

The Immortal King desolate beast that was in the black hole was completely bound!

"Hiss Hiss!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the towering snake appeared at the side. He looked down at the immortal king desolate beast that was being wrapped up!

"AO AO!"

The desolate beast let out two terrified cries and lowered its head, shivering!

"Not bad, well done!"

Wang Xian turned his head and saw di Xing Nu, who was standing at the back with a changing expression. He spoke to her!

After saying that, he moved his body and immediately began to tame the level 1 immortal King Desolate Beast!

"I've succeeded, I'm going to be rich!"

Wang Xian was extremely excited!

At the back, Imperial Star Lady was clenching her fists!

Just now, when she was being chased by the immortal King Desolate Beast, it was a huge humiliation!