Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2442: 2442 returned with a full load

Empress Star could vaguely remember that under the desolate Beast's attack, she was flying in various poses in the sky!

In this lifetime, it was the first time she felt so angry and so powerless!

Looking at the fellow who was excitedly taming the desolate beast, her face turned black!

This was only the first day. She could already imagine the torture she would have to endure for the next two years!

"Alright, Haha!"

Ten minutes later, an ear-piercing laughter rang out. The surrounding array formation slowly disappeared!

The desolate beast that had been chasing her was tamed. At this moment, it was lying beside that fellow!

"Not bad!"

Wang Xian kept his tamed battle pet and spoke to the Empress Star Lady Again!

In the next two years, with such a bait, Wang Xian could tame quite a number of immortal king level desolate beasts!

If these desolate beasts were to be sold, the resources obtained would be terrifying!

"As long as you are satisfied!"

Upon hearing his praise, di Xing nu replied coldly!

"It's alright, but next time, before you come, inform me loudly. Also, be careful. If the desolate beasts stop chasing after you, attack them. This desolate beast is a little lacking in vigilance!"

"When I have time, I will introduce someone to you. In the past, he was my partner. He is more experienced. Let him share some of his experience with you!"

Wang Xian said to him!

However, every word he said caused di Xingnu's expression to change continuously. Her eyes were slowly filled with killing intent!

When she came over just now, she was attacked by the desolate beasts. She was already in an extremely miserable state!

This fellow wanted to make her even worse?

"Continue, let's go to another place!"

Wang Xian didn't care about her expression and continued to speak with a smile!

Di Xingnu followed by the side with a dark expression!

"Miss, Are You Alright?"

Very soon, the woman flew over and asked worriedly when she saw di Xingnu who was in a terrible state!

"I'm fine, Aunt Ying. I'm Fine!"

Di Xing 'er shook her head and followed behind Wang Xian without saying a word!

Two hours later, the same trick was used again. Wang Xian set up the formation and signaled di Xing 'er to set off!

This time, it took a longer time. Di Xing 'er drew a beautiful arc and landed heavily at the position of Wang Xian's formation!

Wang Xian glanced at her and paid no more attention to her. His gaze was fixed on the immortal king desolate beast in front of him!

In the past, when invincible battle technique was used as bait for him, he was in a much worse state than the Empress Star!

At that time, invincible battle technique was used as bait to attract the sea monsters. She was treated like a rubber ball. When the sea monsters clashed and attacked, she was much better now!

"Pah Pah Pah!"

Patting the soil that did not exist on her body, the Empress Star looked at Wang Xian who was taming the desolate beast in front of her with a dark face. She felt so wronged that she wanted to cry!

"One day, I will make you pay tenfold for today's humiliation!"

The Empress thought to herself, don't bully a young lady who is poor!

A lot of time passed after that. Half a month passed in the blink of an eye!

Wang Xian looked at the time and his harvest. He had been in the Blackstone Domain for nearly a month!

"It's time to go back. After I go back this time, I will make use of all my battle pets. I will be able to upgrade by one level!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

In half a month's time, Wang Xian had tamed ten immortal king level one battle pets and one immortal king level two battle pet!

These resources were enough for him to upgrade his level. In addition, he still had a lot of resources left!

The remaining resources were enough for the Dragon Palace to increase the combat strength of more than ten immortal King Level Battle Pets!

"Alright, it's over this time. Be prepared for the next time. You Can't just call me anytime, but you can't waste too much time either!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xingnu who was beside him!

For the past half a month, this pretty lady had not paid any attention to him. Clearly, as a lady from a wealthy family, she had the intention to kill him!

Wang Xian did not mind it. wasn't he very resistant to being invincible in the beginning?

"I have some matters to deal with. It will take about three days!"

The Imperial Star Lady said coldly!

"Three days is fine!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at the woman who was flying over. "Oh right, are you guys going back to Dongchi Planet?"

"Yes!"

The woman nodded her head at him!

"It's on the way then. Let's Go Together!"

Wang Xian smiled. The other party had an airship. How could flying on his own be more comfortable than riding on an airship!

"Sure!"

The woman nodded her head and brought the Imperial Star Lady to the airship!

When they entered the airship, the old man in cloth clothes was waiting there!

This time, there were fewer people. Wang Xian sat inside and sipped his tea leisurely. He was in a very good mood! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"In half a month's time, I've obtained eleven immortal God King War Pets. How impressive. Even the Witch Beast Pavilion can't achieve such speed!"

Within the cabin of the ship, the woman exclaimed!

"This guy is indeed powerful, the towering snake space beast is like an obedient baby in his hands, he can do whatever he wants!"

Emperor Star Lady said sincerely!

Even though he was extremely unhappy with the Dragon King, his terrifying beast taming abilities were too heaven defying!

"Another point is, according to my scanner, that Dragon King's age is only 30 years old, I don't know what's Wrong!"

The woman shook her head and said!

"How is that possible, it's impossible to reach undying emperor level in his 30s, he must have some hidden methods!"

Emperor Star Lady shook her head in disbelief!

"However, his aura is indeed very young, this can not be hidden no matter what!"

At this time, the old man in cloth said slowly!

"This isn't too important, miss, we'll stay here for 2 years, the other side will definitely take note!"

The lady frowned slightly!

"Just say that I'm about to break through, I'll need to train for 2 years, 2 years isn't too long, there shouldn't be any problems!"

Emperor Star Lady pondered and said!

"Aunt Ying, how are the arrangements for the concert this time?"

At this time, she asked!

"The concert is arranged by one of the undyings here, we just need to take a look and see if there are no problems, tomorrow night, we have enough time!"

The lady replied!

"That's good, also Aunt Ying, do you have any movement skills, I want to learn them!"

Emperor star lady nodded, suddenly saying!

"Yes!"

The woman looked at her in a daze and nodded her head!

Naturally, she knew why the Imperial Star Lady was learning movement skills. She had witnessed the tragic state of her young miss!

After the conversation, the Imperial Star Lady took out her AI and looked at the information about her concert. Her mood was finally a little better!

The speed of the airship was very fast. After Wang Xian arrived at Planet Dongchi, he flew directly to his residence!

Next, he had to prepare for the opening of the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

It would be best if he could become famous in one shot. This would save him a lot of time!

"Boss Wang, you're finally here. What a coincidence!"

When Wang Xian entered the manor, the voice of invincible battle techniques rang out!

"Huh? You're still here?"

Wang Xian looked at him in astonishment!

"Hehe, how can I leave now? It's the concert of the Star Lady Tomorrow. I'm his number one fan!"