Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2443: At concert 2443

Wang Xian had left the manor for more than a month. Invincible in combat had also stayed on Planet Dongchi for more than a month!

This guy didn't leave for such a long time just to watch a concert?

"Watch a concert? You Didn't go back for more than a month just to watch a concert?"

Wang Xian looked at him, whose face was flushed with excitement. He asked in astonishment!

"Boss Wang, you don't know that the star Lady is holding a concert on the East Lake Planet Tomorrow. Do you know about the star Lady? She is one of the most famous female stars in the entire imperial star field. She is as beautiful as a fairy!"

"Especially her singing voice. It is filled with healing and intelligence. She is simply a rare lady in the world and hard to find in the heavens!"

"Come, come, let me show you her video!"

Invincible battle technique took out his AI excitedly and said to Wang Xian!

"No need, I don't have as much free time as you!"

Wang Xian shook his head speechlessly!

"I don't want to either, boss Wang. I've improved too quickly. My master asked me to stabilize myself for a period of time. Hehe, I've spent a lot of effort to get a few tickets for the recent concert. Boss Wang, let's Go Together!"

As invincible battle technique spoke, he showed the few tickets on his AI. He was filled with pride!

"There's no need for that. I need to prepare for the opening of the pet shop!"

Wang Xian shook his head, indicating that he was not interested. "Oh right, are you familiar with this place? Get Me a few service staff. I want someone at the level of the Eternal God Lord!"

"Hehe, boss Wang. Although I've only been here for a month, it's not wrong to leave the matter to me. I'll help you settle the matter of the service staff, boss Wang!"

Invincible battle technique patted his chest and promised!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded and immediately flew towards the shop!

"Hey hey, boss Wang, I'll go with you!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At this moment, invincible battle technique suddenly followed by the side and shouted loudly!

"Eh? Didn't you want to help me look for the waiter? Also, has the girl you like, Leng Yue, gone back?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked!

"Boss Wang, why do you need me, invincible battle technique, to personally look for a waiter? I'll hand it over to some underlings!"

"Leng Yue is not my girl. Now that my horizons have grown, I can't be too bad, let alone someone like Stargirl!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head slightly and said confidently!

"Little brother? Sure, did you get a little brother here?"

Wang Xian looked at him in astonishment!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, it's not that I'm invincible battle technique bragging. In this star field, among the younger generation of the hundreds of thousands of life planets, which one of them is my invincible battle technique opponent?"

"Invincible battle technique used only a month's time to make a name for myself. My brothers are spread across hundreds of thousands of planets, and I have quite a number of Little Brothers!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head and said proudly!

In this month, invincible battle technique had indeed made a name for himself!

In his pocket, he had many God stones from his master, and he was also a personal disciple of a fourth-rate force leader. His own strength had already reached the eternal God Lord Level 5!

And he even had a level 2 undying god King Cub, and now the cub's strength was the same as his!

At his age, his strength could only be compared to the disciples of the big sects and the void God Kingdom who had the Emperor of God!

In this star field, it was not an exaggeration to say that he was invincible among those of the same level!

Coupled with his high-profile character, he had made quite a name for himself in a month!

Background, strength, and money. This was the portrayal of an invincible battle technique!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him and smiled!

"Oh right, boss Wang, aren't you going to sell the immortal god King Battle Pet? I can introduce some business to you. Many of my brothers and underlings have good backgrounds. Maybe they will really buy it!"

Invincible in battle techniques said to him!

"Oh? Sure, then introduce some business to me!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded!

Perhaps unrivaled battle technique could really introduce him to a lot of business, even though he didn't really need it!

"Eh? Boss Wang, the shop is here. wow, this place is right next to the concert tomorrow. It would be a waste not to come tomorrow night!"

When Wang Xian brought unrivaled battle technique to the side of the shop, he scanned the surroundings and pointed to the sky beside him as he spoke!

"Boss Wang, it's right there. It's already set up. This is too close. Let's go to the concert tomorrow to relax. I can guarantee that if you see Star Lady, you will definitely fall in love with her!"

"Also, I can introduce some of my brothers and underlings to you tomorrow!"

Invincible battle technique continued with a smile!

He was prepared to bring Wang Xian along. When the time came tomorrow, he would directly say that this was his boss, an immortal king boss, and a boss with eight or nine immortal King Battle Pets. Just imagine how cool it would be!

When the time came, would those guys still be more polite and respectful to him?

"If there's nothing else, I can go with you!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Haha, Alright, Alright!"

Invincible battle technique nodded his head excitedly!

After staying in the shop for a while, invincible battle technique brought Wang Xian around the East Lake Planet and ate some food!

Apparently, invincible battle technique knew a lot about Dongchi planet. He brought Wang Xian around leisurely!

Since the waiters were not in place yet, Wang Xian was not in a hurry to relax!

"Let's go, boss Wang. I'll introduce my brothers and underlings to you later. We'll enter the venue together later!"

More than 20 hours passed quickly. Invincible battle technique said to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly and followed invincible combat style towards a huge temporary square in the sky!

The entire temporary square was extremely huge. There were at least tens of millions of people standing there!

This time, there were a total of 20 million people who came to watch the so-called star Lady Concert!

The entire temporary square was filled with people. There were young, middle-aged, and even quite a number of old people!

Among them, there were many young men and women holding signs in their hands. Their faces were filled with excitement!

There was a huge screen at the front. On the screen, there was a beautiful woman!

"It's a little familiar!"

Wang Xian looked at the beautiful woman. His eyes sparkled!

She was indeed very beautiful!

"Boss, the friend I made here is here!"

At this moment, the voice of invincible in battle techniques was heard!

Wang Xian looked over and saw a young man flying over on a sword. There was a young man in full body armor. He looked extremely cool!

There were also a few young men and women who were hugging beautiful ladies. They looked extremely dashing!

There were more than thirty young men and women in total!

Judging from the equipment on their bodies, there was not a single ordinary disciple!

"Invincible Little Brother!"

One by one, young men and women flew over and warmly greeted invincible battle technique!

"Come, come, come, let me introduce my boss to you!"

Invincible battle technique waved at them and said with a smile!

"What? Our invincible young master and our boss, I don't believe it!"

A young man walked over with a smile on his face and said!