Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2444: At the 2444 concert

"Hurry up and come over. Cut the crap and let me introduce you to my boss, the Dragon King. You can just call him the Dragon King!"

When invincible saw the young man walking over, he patted him on the shoulder and looked at the rest of the crowd!

"The Dragon King? He looks similar to US and became the King? Invincible, is he stronger than you?"

A long-haired young man walked over with a smile on his face. He sized up Wang Xian from head to toe and was a little curious!

They knew what kind of character invincible battle technique had. This person was someone who dared to be tough with the disciples of other powerful factions. To be able to make him call him boss, he would definitely be convinced!

"Strong? Dragon King Dragon King, that's the immortal godly king. Quick, quick, come over and greet my boss obediently!"

Invincible battle technique said to the young man and waved his hand. He looked like he was in a hurry!

"Huh? Undying Godly King?"

The group of young men who walked over were stunned. Their faces were filled with shock as they looked at Wang Xian in astonishment!

"Hurry up, hurry up. How can I Lie to you guys? The Level 2 Undying Godly King War Pet in my hand was given to me by Boss Wang!"

"Soon, boss Wang will open a warpet shop on East Lake Planet. He wants to sell a few undyings warpets. If your sect needs them, come to my shop to buy them!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head and said to them!

"The real undyings? Well... Hello, Boss Dragon King!"

The young man who was patted on the shoulder by invincible battle technique looked at Wang Xian in shock and immediately shouted respectfully!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The rest of them opened their mouths and immediately walked over to shout as well!

Even though invincible battle technique looked like an unrestrained character, his words were still very reliable!

"There's no need. If you buy a battle pet, you can go to the Dragon Palace in a few days. The highest level is immortal king level two!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and said with a smile!

"Immortal King level two battle pet!"

Everyone looked at each other with awe in their hearts!

"Yes, yes, Dragon King, we will inform our family immediately when we return!"

The group of young men and women nodded their heads!

"Let's go, we can enter the concert venue now, Let's Go!"

Invincible battle technique raised his head slightly and smiled when he saw this scene as he said to the group!

"Hey, Invincible, is this Dragon King Really Immortal King? He looks similar to us, how can he be Immortal King?"

"Are you really selling an undying God Emperor Battle Pet? You Aren't making fun of us right!"

The moment they left, a few youths pulled invincible over and asked softly!

"I, Invincible won't lie to you, you'll know in two days!"

Invincible said seriously!

The crowd was somewhat convinced, nodding slightly!

As soon as they entered the concert hall, Invincible took the tickets and walked straight to the front of the stage!

The stage was at the front, looking extremely gorgeous!

In front of the stage, there were hundreds of seats. These seats were different from ordinary seats. There should be sofas and dining tables!

Invincible and the others were sitting at this seat!

"Hehe, boss Wang, I won this seat from an arrogant guy. This seat is only 200 meters away from the star Lady!"

Invincible battle technique patted the seat in the front row and said proudly!

"You're doing well!"

Wang Xian smiled and sat on a seat!

"Move, move, move!"

At this moment, a voice came from the side. The young man who was patted by invincible battle technique staggered and took a few steps towards them!

"Huh?"

Invincible battle technique sensed it and extended his arm to stabilize the young man. He looked at the dozens of young men and women who were walking over!

"Hehe, I thought it was someone who was so arrogant. Turns out it was a defeated opponent!"

Invincible battle technique stared at the young man in front of him and said disdainfully!

"Invincible battle technique, don't be so arrogant. Do you think you are great just because you beat me once?"

The yellow-haired youth stared at invincible battle technique angrily and growled in a low voice!

"Haha, if I beat you once, then we can continue to play other games. Let's see who wins and who loses. I'm just afraid you won't dare to play!"

Invincible battle technique looked at him provocatively!

"You..."

The youth's expression changed drastically as he stared at invincible battle technique with killing intent!

"Trash!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Invincible battle technique continued to speak with disdain!

"You are that new invincible, on East Lake Planet, it's best not to be arrogant!"

At this time, beside the yellow haired youth, the tiger robed youth turned and stared at Invincible and said indifferently!

"Then you should take care of the trash beside you, without the ability, you still dare to cause trouble?"

Invincible looked at the tiger robed youth and said coldly!

"Invincible, he is the son of an Emperor from the East Li Undying Dynasty!"

At this time, a youth beside invincible reminded him softly!

"The son of an emperor, I thought he was a God!"

Invincible said indifferently, returning to his seat!

Weng

The emperor's son's expression changed, he immediately looked at his middle aged man!

The middle-aged man swept a cold glance at invincible in battle tactics. A glint flashed across his eyes!

"Bang!"

Invincible in battle tactics sat beside Wang Xian. There was a bottle of water placed on the table in front of them!

The bottle of water suddenly exploded and rushed towards invincible in battle tactics!

"Huh?"

The sudden change of events stunned invincible in battle tactics. He didn't expect the other party to be so arrogant as to dare to use his skills here!

However, his opponent was obviously very strong. It was too late for him to dodge!

The expressions of the surrounding people changed when they saw the crisp sound. They quickly looked over!

Buzz

"Invincible in battle. Are you here to watch the concert or to fight?"

Wang Xian, who was sitting at the side, looked helpless when he saw this scene. He waved his arm and the broken water bottle recovered. Not a single drop of water was left into the water bottle!

He took a look at the middle-aged man's eyes and spoke to invincible battle technique!

"Boss, I'm really here to watch the concert. I just didn't expect this B * Stard to actually dare to set me up. Furthermore, he sent his subordinates to set me up!"

As invincible battle technique spoke, he stared at the young man and greeted him directly!

"Huh?"

The young man's expression changed slightly. He ignored invincible battle technique and looked at Wang Xian!

That move just now was not something that could be done under normal circumstances!

The surrounding people also looked at Wang Xian who was sitting there. Their eyes were sparkling!

"Young Royal Highness, he is the Immortal King. I'm going back!"

At this moment, the middle-aged guard who made a move just now suddenly covered his eyes. He whispered with an embarrassed and terrified expression!

"What?"

The young man looked over and saw blood oozing out from the place where the middle-aged man was covering. His expression changed drastically!

"Immortal Godly King?"

His heart sank and he looked at Wang Xian in fear!

"You go back first!"

The young man growled in a low voice. His expression changed and he walked straight to his seat!

The young men and women around him also looked at Wang Xian in shock and left in fear!