Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2445: 2445 Imperial Star Girl’s revenge

"This... Boss Dragon King is really an immortal god King!"

"This is too strong. Just now, Boss Dragon King didn't even make a move himself. With just a glance, that middle-aged man should be a god Lord Level 9 powerhouse. His eyes went blind!"

"Boss Dragon King is too cool. I want to be your little brother Too!"

The group of youths around invincible in battle technique did not dare to say anything when they saw the other party return to his seat dejectedly. They looked at Wang Xian and said excitedly!

Just now, they had some doubts about whether the Dragon King was an immortal god King. Now, they were completely sure!

The group of youths looked at invincible in battle technique with envy. He was the boss of an immortal god King!

The Dragon King seemed to be a relatively young immortal godly king. With such a boss, who would he be afraid of if he went out?

Immortal Godly King was the realm of the patriarchs of their families and sects!

However, their patriarchs couldn't hang out with them and watch the concert together, right?

Wang Xian gave them a faint smile and didn't say anything!

"Hmph, I've said that you still have some doubts. What about now? In the future, I think all of you should hang out with invincible battle technique. There will be benefits for all of you!"

Invincible in combat techniques said proudly to the few young men beside him!

Among this group of young men, some of them had backgrounds that were not weaker than invincible in combat techniques!

"What benefits?"

The group of young men immediately asked him!

"Cough Cough, let me tell boss. If you buy a battle pet, I will give you a 20% discount. A 20% discount for a god-level battle pet is not a small amount!"

Invincible battle technique coughed and smiled at Wang Xian!

"Boss Dragon King really has many immortal god-level war pets?"

A young man couldn't help but ask invincible battle technique!

"Of course, why would I lie to You? You Should Know by tomorrow. Oh right, Hu Zi, how's the waiter I asked you to find?"

Invincible battle technique said with a smile!

"Invincible boss, I've already found him. You can call him over anytime!"

The young man called Hu Zi immediately smiled and nodded his head!

Wang Xian smiled from the side. Invincible combat technique knew these young men with deep backgrounds. It was quite beneficial!

"Who is that guy?"

However, at this moment, on the left, the heir of the Prince was sitting there with a gloomy face. He asked the yellow-haired young man beside him!

"Brother Hao, I don't know either, that arrogant fellow has an undying beside him, that Warrior is also idle, he actually came here!"

The yellow haired youth shook his head bitterly!

Even if an undying wasn't a sect, a pillar of the God dynasty, how would he have the time to come here to watch the concert!

They had unfortunately met!

"Damn it!"

Dong Li Hao roared angrily, clenching his fists!

However, he was after all only a descendant of a dynasty emperor, even if his talent wasn't bad, he wouldn't dare to provoke an undying emperor!

Even the youths in the group didn't dare to give him face!

Even though the other party was weaker than them, he was a core disciple of a faction, in terms of status, he wasn't weaker than them, in fact, he was even higher!

The young men and women beside Dongli Hao also had ugly expressions. They came from different factions, but they did not dare to provoke the immortal King!

"It's about to start, it's about to start!"

At this moment, a host walked over from the stage. The concert was about to begin!

Invincible battle technique looked forward with excitement. He touched Wang Xian's arm and said excitedly!

Wang Xian looked at him speechlessly and looked forward!

"Star Goddess, Please!"

At the back of the stage, a group of people followed behind a young lady who was wearing a long dress and had her hair draped over her shoulders. They looked at her and said passionately!

"Okay!"

The expression of star goddess seemed a little cold. She nodded her head and leaped lightly toward the stage. Then, she floated away!

"She's simply too beautiful!"

Behind her, a young man said with a face full of infatuation!

"She's not someone an ordinary person can covet!"

A middle-aged man beside him looked at his son and said softly!

After saying that, he also looked at the background with a face full of infatuation!

Although he was old, he was still moved!

"Xingnu! Xingnu!"

"Xingnu! Xingnu!"

When Emperor Star lady floated onto the stage, the tens of millions of people below the stage shouted at the same time!

One by one, the young men and women stood up excitedly!

"WA, WA, WA, Star Lady, I Love You!"

On the side, invincible battle technique was also shouting loudly! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"I didn't expect that star chasing here would be so crazy!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly and sized up this figure from head to toe!

"Eh? It's really her. She's also known as the goddess of stars. I heard that she has a very deep background!"

Wang Xian recalled some of the comments regarding the goddess of stars in the AI!

"Hello Everyone!"

An ethereal voice came out from the mouth of the goddess of stars!

Without a microphone, she didn't need a microphone with her strength!

"Oh Oh Oh!"

Invincible battle technique heard the voice of the goddess of stars and howled like a wolf again!

The Emperor Star Lady, who was very close to invincible battlemage, also noticed this unrestrained fan. She looked over with a smile on her face!

When she saw Wang Xian sitting there, she was slightly stunned!

Her expression paused for a few seconds. Her eyes were sparkling!

"This is the first time that star lady has come to this territory. Thank you for the enthusiasm of all the fans. Next, I will open with an ethereal opening!"

Star lady waved her hand and suppressed her voice. The cheers around her quickly stopped!

Following that, she waved her arm and a musical instrument appeared in her hand!

The ethereal and beautiful singing voice quickly spread throughout the entire concert venue!

"Eh? This Is? The singing voice can affect people's hearts. It is somewhat similar to the sound waves of Yin Xuan!"

When Wang Xian heard the singing voice, he was astonished!

This kind of sound wave could guide one's mental strength and even cause one to fall into an illusion!

Her singing and music could affect the hearts of everyone!

Her singing was beautiful and it made people feel comfortable!

"Amazing! She is indeed a popular star in the entire Imperial Star Field!"

Wang Xian was slightly amazed. Even he felt comfortable when he heard the music!

During the concert period, she sang a total of 20 to 30 songs. After each song ended, she was greeted with countless cheers!

"Alright, it's time for our final stage. It's also the stage of interaction. I will invite two fans, one male and one female. One in the front row, one in the back row, to interact with each other!"

At the end of the concert, imperial star lady swept her gaze across the tens of millions of people in front of her and said with a smile on her face!

A crafty look appeared on her face!

"Me, Me, me!"

When everyone heard her words, they could not help but stretch out their hands and shout loudly!

Invincible battle technique, who was at the front, was about to jump up!

"For the audience members at the back, I will randomly call out a seat number. Row 1,203, number 152!"

"What about the lucky fan at the front? Yes, it's this audience member who is sitting there without moving. It's you. I can see that you are so calm and familiar with me. Do you not like my singing?"

At this moment, the empress shouted a slogan and pointed it at Wang Xian!