Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2446: Under the revenge of 2446 Celestial Queen

"Wow Wow Wow, boss Wang, you were actually chosen by the Celestial Queen. Your Luck is simply too good!"

When invincible battle technique saw that Wang Xian was chosen by the celestial queen, his face was filled with envy. He shouted at Wang Xian excitedly!

"I'm not interested. You can go on my behalf!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said to invincible battle technique!

"Really?"

Invincible battle technique's eyes lit up as he said immediately!

"Really!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Star goddess, I'll go up on his behalf. I'll go up on his behalf!"

Invincible battle technique immediately raised his hand and shouted excitedly!

"What's wrong? Young master Wang Xian, I've already recognized you. Are you feeling guilty? Aren't you coming up?"

On the stage, when Di Xingnu saw that Wang Xian was not going up, she raised her eyebrows and stared at him mockingly!

Buzz

At this moment, the lights on the stage landed on Wang Xian, and the image of Wang Xian appeared in front of everyone!

"Huh?"

What was this pretty girl trying to do?

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw that Wang Xian was intentionally making him go on stage!

"Pretty Girl, why am I Feeling Guilty?"

Wang Xian shrugged his shoulders and appeared beside the Empress in a flash!

"Oh, I thought a scumbag like you wouldn't dare to go on stage. HMPH, you abandoned your wife and child. To think that my friend likes you so much!"

All of a sudden, di Xing 'er spoke to Wang Xian!

Her words stunned Wang Xian as he stared at her with widened eyes!

"It's good that you're here today. Let My Song Cleanse your soul. HMPH!"

As she spoke, she even winked at Wang Xian playfully!

"Wow, F * ck, there's such a thing!"

"What's going on? The star lady actually said that the man is a scumbag and that the goddess wants to avenge her sister!"

"Since the star Lady said that the man is a scumbag, he must be a scumbag. I didn't expect that this guy is not bad looking and is actually a scumbag!"

"Holy Sh * t! Star Lady is such a gentle and graceful woman, but she said that guy is a scumbag. That guy must have done something that made people and gods angry!"

When everyone below heard star Lady's words, they were slightly stunned, and then they shouted in agreement!

"This..."

When invincible battlemaster saw this scene, his face kept changing!

How did this boss Wang become a scumbag?

Also, how did boss Wang Get To Know Star Lady?

"Damn, Invincible, the Dragon King Knows Star Lady? And he was called a scumbag by Star Lady?"

"Wow, to be called a scumbag by Star Lady, the Dragon King is also very powerful. Did he really do something that made people and gods angry?"

The brothers beside invincible battle technique were shocked and gossiped as they asked him!

"I don't know. Boss Wang probably doesn't know celestial maiden. This... This is too f * cking awesome!"

Invincible battle technique didn't know how to explain it either!

Should he believe in boss Wang or celestial maiden?

Of course, he should believe in celestial maiden. Boss Wang was a scumbag!

"I didn't expect boss Wang to be such a person!"

Invincible battle technique muttered!

At this moment, on the stage, Wang Xian looked at celestial maiden in front of him with a dark expression!

"HMPH!"

When the star lady heard the words of her fans, she smiled smugly! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

How dare you use me as bait!

After today, you will be completely famous. Everyone in the entire imperial star region will know that you are a scumbag. Wherever you go, you will be labeled as a scumbag!

In the future, even women will not get close to you. HMPH!

When she thought of this, her mood became much better. The corner of her mouth curled up slightly!

"You have a friend series? Why didn't you say that the friend is you?"

"I saw you dancing so beautifully on the stage, but why are you so ugly in private? You're so messy!"

"I didn't do anything to you!"

Wang Xian looked at Imperial Star Lady with a dark expression and said directly!

Everyone could hear his voice clearly as well!

I have a series of friends?

They are all messed up in private?

What the hell, what does this mean?

"You..."

When di Xing 'er heard Wang Xian's ambiguous words, her expression changed. However, she quickly restrained her emotions!

"Let's not talk about anything else. Next, let's begin our interaction with this friend!"

Next, di Xing 'er began to interact with a female fan. She ignored Wang Xian throughout the entire process!

Wang Xian did not continue to stand there and walked towards his seat!

"Who is he? How do you know the Empress Star?"

Behind the stage, the people from the Dongli dynasty saw this scene. Their expressions changed slightly as they frowned and asked!

"Go and check the identity of that young man!"

A young man hesitated for a moment before speaking!

"He's the son of deity!"

A middle-aged man beside him nodded!

"He actually knows star-lady? Is She from a powerful faction, or... ?"

The youth muttered!

They didn't know much about star-lady's background, but just the guards by her side weren't existences they could contend against!

Knowing star-lady, was she also from a powerful faction?

"Interesting. Little sister went to that remote place to hold a concert, but she actually knows a man. is she going there specifically for this youth?"

At this moment, on a faraway planet, a few young men and women were sitting in a room at the side. As they watched the scene of the concert, the corners of their mouths curled up slightly!

"Little sister doesn't have any friends in private. This man might really have nothing to do with little sister. She wants that position. It's not rational for her to fall in love at this time!"

"HMPH, she still wants to compete with us. She's just an actress. An actress is still an actress after all!"

The other young men and women said coldly!

"Send someone to check out the background of that young man. We can't let our guard down at this crucial moment!"

One of the young men said. The rest of the people nodded their heads!

Wang Xian didn't know that he had fallen into a trap because of di Xingnu's actions tonight!

Now, he knew that he had been scammed!

"Boss Wang, I didn't expect you to be such a person. However, how do you know Xingnu? Can you call her over so that I can get to know her?"

As soon as Wang Xian returned to his seat, invincible in combat stared at him and said passionately!

"Get lost. I see that you are asking for a beating. This guy is deliberately trying to trick me!"

Wang Xian placed a slap on his shoulder and looked at di Xingnu on the stage!

"Yes, yes, it was celestial maiden who set you up. However, I believe in you, boss Wang. No one else will believe it. Boss Wang, you are really famous today. You should wear a mask when you go out in the future!"

The corner of invincible battle technique's mouth twitched in pain as he squeezed out a smile!

Wang Xian's face turned black as he ignored him!

Based on her fame and attention, he was indeed popular this time. Furthermore, he was unable to defend himself!

"The opening ceremony will be held in three days. Let Her be my etiquette lady. Now that she has something to ask of me, how dare she set me up!"

Wang Xian looked at Di Xingnu on the stage and said in his heart!

Let her know that if she had a favor to ask of someone, she had to be obedient. Otherwise, she wouldn't know who was the boss!