Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2447: 2447 Dragon Palace’s pet shop was about to open for business

The concert ended very quickly. Wang Xian teleported away instantly!

"Invincible, I'm afraid the Dragon King is going to be famous!"

Seeing Wang Xian leaving instantly, the group of young men beside him looked at each other in dismay. One of them said with a twinkle in his eyes!

"He's not just famous. I took a look at the AI just now. It's insane. Boss Wang is directly ranked first on the scumbag men's roll. How Pitiful!"

Invincible battle method curled his lips and said directly!

"Then... Your boss has become famous in one shot. In the future, I won't even dare to get close to you. People will say that those who get close to you will be slandered!"

A young man teased!

"F * ck off. I admire boss Wang Now. He even knows star lady. I wonder if he has the chance to have a meal with her!"

Invincible battle technique glared at them and said!

"That's true. It's also an honor to be called a scumbag by Star Lady!"

The young men beside him echoed!

"Let's go and have a drink together. Invincible, ask boss Dragon King if he's coming. We'll just book the place and it'll be fine!"

A young man said with a smile as the crowd walked out!

"Miss, isn't it a little bad to offend that Dragon King Like This!"

In the backstage area, the woman saw Emperor Star lady walk out and said softly with a slight frown!

"It's fine. In any case, we are helping him capture desolate beasts. What else can he do? HMPH!"

Emperor Star Lady shook her head and snorted coldly!

The woman shook her head with a smile. Her miss was starting to throw a tantrum!

However, when she thought of her miss's Revenge, a smile appeared on her face!

After today, most of the imperial star region would probably know that there was a scumbag in this remote place!

"It's that Guy's bad luck. Who asked him to make young miss look so miserable!"

The woman muttered softly!

"Huh?" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this moment, the star lady beside him took out her communication stone plate with a frown. When she saw Wang Xian's message, she suddenly had a bad premonition!

"Two days later, go and capture the Black Dock Beast. Get Ready, Pretty Lady!"

It was a very simple message, but when she saw the black dock beast, her expression began to change!

"What is it, Miss?"

The woman noticed the Emperor Star Lady's expression and immediately asked!

"That fellow actually said to capture the black dock beast two days later!"

The Emperor Star Lady said through gritted teeth!

The woman was stunned when she heard her words, but soon after, her expression began to change!

The Black Dock Beast was a desolate beast that lived in a swamp!

This was not important. What was important was that the black dock beast had black mucus all over its body. It was black and ugly. Its tentacles looked extremely disgusting!

Most importantly, it could spit out saliva that was extremely poisonous and disgusting!

This desolate beast was not weak, but no one was willing to treat it as a battle pet!

If the imperial star lady was used as bait to attract the black dock beast, the scene would be unimaginable!

"This fellow did it on purpose!"

Following that, the Imperial Star Lady clenched her fists and growled!

"This..."

The woman did not know what to say and sighed helplessly!

"Miss, ask her if she can change to another..."

She hesitated for a moment and said to the Imperial Star Lady!

If celestial lady was the bait for the Black Dock Beast, she might as well kill her!

"Okay!"

Celestial lady gritted her teeth and nodded her head heavily. Her palm was trembling as she sent a message!

"This guy asked me to attend the opening of his pet shop!"

Soon, celestial lady received this message, and she was slightly relieved!

It was better to attend the opening than to be the bait for the Black Dock Beast!

"This bastard is doing it on purpose!"

Following that, she said angrily. That Dragon King was taking revenge on her!

The woman beside her shook her head bitterly and didn't say a word!

"Hehe, I agree. That's a good girl. With a big celebrity helping to promote her, coupled with the 20 immortal godly monarch battle pets in her hands, it will definitely shake the entire starry sky!"

Wang Xian looked at the message sent by Celestial Lady Di and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

When the time comes, Celestial Lady Di would be the etiquette lady in his shop. Naturally, some rumors would be destroyed!

"How dare you take revenge on me!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

Time passed very quickly. Even if the concert of Celestial Lady Di was held in a remote place, it still caused a huge sensation!

Especially the incident with the scumbag, Wang Xian's popularity spread throughout the entire imperial star field!

The entire AI was filled with pictures of Wang Xian, and they were even made into motion pictures!

When Wang Xian looked at the AI for the past two days, he nearly vomited blood. He was thinking about how he could make the star lady pay the price in the future!

"Boss Wang, the waiters have been found. I have also told my brothers that there will be a large number of immortal god King Battle Pets being sold this time. The opening tomorrow will definitely be extremely popular!"

At this moment, invincible battle technique walked over and said with a smile on his face!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. "I'll have to trouble you for the next two days. Tell your brothers that they want to buy God level battle pets. You can give them a 30% discount!"

"Hehe, Alright, Alright!"

Invincible battle technique immediately nodded his head excitedly when he heard his words!

Wang Xian giving them a 30% discount was all out of respect for himself. Wouldn't that bunch of guys be thanking invincible boss every single time?

Early the next morning, Wang Xian rushed straight into the shop!

Looking at the completed signboard and the fresh flowers arranged around it, Wang Xian nodded his head in satisfaction!

"Boss!"

A few waiters had already arrived at the shop. When they saw him entering, they immediately greeted him respectfully!

Wang Xian nodded his head. Everything had been prepared. Next, as long as he placed his war pet in the shop, he could start his business directly!

"Brother Hao, this is the place. According to the information we received, The Godly King opened a war pet shop here!"

At this moment, a group of young men stood not far away from the shop and spoke to the young man in the distance!

"Ze Yu and Your Heaven Beast Corporation are traveling together. Later on, remind some people not to let them enter this shop to buy war pets. Tell them what I said!"

Dongli Hao looked at a young man and said indifferently!

"Yes, brother Hao. I'll inform you about this!"

Du Zeyu immediately nodded!

"Oh? Brother Hao, look over there... look, it's the star Goddess! It's the star Goddess!"

At this moment, a young man suddenly pointed to a spot in front of him and shouted excitedly!

"What?"

The group of young men immediately looked over, their eyes shining brightly!

"It's true. The star goddess hasn't left yet?"

Everyone looked over in astonishment!

"Where is she going?"

At this moment, Dongli Hao and the others saw the star goddess walking straight into the shop that had not opened for business. All of them widened their eyes!

"This... didn't the star goddess say that the godly king was a scumbag? Why is she going to his shop now? To cause trouble?"

A young man widened his eyes slightly and said with a face full of shock!

"Cause trouble? is that possible?"

The other young men were slightly dazed!

The possibility of this was very small!