Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2448: 2448 Dragon Palace’s war pet shop was about to open for business

"Dragon King, I'm Here!"

In the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop, Celestial Emperor Lady walked into the shop under the stunned gaze of the service staff. She spoke directly to Wang Xian who was inside!

She wasn't wearing a veil today!

Whether she was wearing a veil or not, she couldn't hide it from the people who were paying attention to her!

"Oh, I didn't expect the Pretty Lady to be a big celebrity. I really didn't expect that!"

Wang Xian watched as Di Xingnu walked in. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he said indifferently!

"HMPH!"

Di Xingnu snorted softly when she saw his appearance!

"My shop is about to open in a while. You can host the opening ceremony and help to promote the Dragon Palace's War Pet Brain Shop. You can just stay by my side for the rest of the time!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Wang Xian smiled at her and looked at the woman beside him!

The woman looked completely different from the last time he met her. However, he could vaguely sense that this was the woman from the last time. Apparently, she had changed her appearance the last time!

"Alright!"

Di Xingnu's expression kept changing when she heard his words!

He wanted her to host the opening ceremony?

He wanted her to follow him for the rest of the time?

To treat him as a servant?

However, it seemed that a servant was better than bait!

At the thought of this, her face turned black as she stared at Wang Xian!

"There's no need to look at me like that. Your little face is slightly red and you look like you are gritting your teeth. Others will think that I'm a scumbag who abandoned you!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

With a wave of his arm, he immediately released the Immortal King Level Battle Pets One by one!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

In an instant, the entire store was filled with 15 undyings!

"This..."

The staff were shocked as they looked at the undyings!

15, they were all undyings!

Every one of them was a battle pet that could only be seen at the auction!

An undyings Warpet was an extremely valuable existence in the entire Emperor Star Field, and now there were a total of 15 of them!

"This is the price. All the customers who came in, tell them to settle it on the spot. Also, tell the customers that there are five immortal king level level level one battle pets in the shop that can not be placed!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and gave each of the waiters a price list!

"It's the Boss!"

Each of the waiters nodded their heads respectfully. Their hearts were filled with shock!

What kind of background did the boss have to be able to call the star goddess over?

To be able to take out 20 undyings at once?

"Invincible boss, I've brought my brothers over!"

At this time, Invincible's voice could be heard from outside, followed by over 10 silhouettes walking in!

"DAMN!"

The moment invincible entered, he felt a stifling pressure!

He scanned his surroundings and when he saw the undying warpets, his eyes widened!

"My God, Boss Wang, these are all undying warpets?"

"Didn't you only have eight? Why are there so many now?"

Invincible roared in shock!

As for the youths beside him, they were all stunned!

Invincible battle technique had already learned that the Dragon King had eight immortal King Level Battle Pets for sale. Back then, they were extremely shocked!

But now, there were a total of 15 of them!

And the one in the middle seemed to be a level 2 immortal King Level Battle Pet!

This was insane!

In the past few decades and hundreds of years, there might not be anyone selling immortal king level battle pets. Now, there were more than a dozen of them!

"I tamed a little more recently!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"It's about time. Let's have a simple opening ceremony. Let's Go!"

Wang Xian looked at the time and gestured to di Xing nu who was beside him!

"HMPH!"

She snorted in dissatisfaction and walked out!

"This is?"

At this moment, everyone noticed di Xing nu who was beside Wang Xian. She opened her mouth slightly!

"Star Goddess!"

Gulp

The group of young men and women gulped. They looked at Di Xingnu and then at Wang Xian!

"Go outside!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of stunned young men and waved at them!

He brought di Xingnu to the entrance and waved his arm to create a simple stage!

"Be more professional!"

Wang Xian gestured to Di Xingnu and reminded her!

"You don't have to say it!"

Di Xingnu said to him coldly and walked to the stage in front of him!

"Hello, everyone. I Am Xingnu!"

An ethereal voice rang out, causing the passersby to pause for a moment!

"D * mn, xingnu, it's him, it's him in person!"

"Wow, Xingnu actually appeared here!"

"Quick, quick, who did I see? Am I Blind?"

The passersby in the surroundings looked in their direction in shock. Immediately after, they swarmed over!

When di Xingnu saw this scene, she smiled faintly and glanced at Wang Xian as though she was showing off!

The star goddess, these three words indeed possessed a powerful magical power!

Because of her magical songs and music, she had countless fans!

Many elderly people liked her songs very much!

Her appearance immediately caused countless people to rush towards her!

In less than three minutes, nearly ten thousand people had gathered in front of her. There were also many people who were asking questions and were flying towards her!

Some staff members of the shopping mall had already rushed over and were ready to maintain order!

"Boss Wang, tell me, tell me, what is the relationship between the star Goddess and you? Could it be that the friend she mentioned yesterday was herself? She has your child?"

At the front of the stage, invincible battle technique hugged Wang Xian's arm tightly as he shouted excitedly!

"Get lost!"

Wang Xian kicked him away!

"I am invited to host the opening of the Dragon Palace battle pet shop today. I welcome everyone to support me in the future!"

"The Dragon Palace Battle Pet Shop has just opened. The price would definitely be the most affordable battle pet shop in the Emperor Star Field!"

"Currently, there are 20 immortal king level desolate beasts in the shop. One of them is at level 2 immortal king level and there are also a large number of eternal God level battle pets!"

"We'll sell the undying emperor desolate beasts for now, everyone can enter the shop to take a look. Three days before the opening, only Pinnacle God lords have the right to enter!"

Emperor Star Lady looked at the surrounding customers and said!

When everyone heard her words, they shifted their attention from her face to the warpets shop!

It wasn't that they wanted to shift their attention, but the news that Emperor Star Lady had said was too unbelievable!

"20 immortal god King Battle Pets, how is this possible!"

At the back, an elder couldn't help but growl in a low voice!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian waved his arm and the entire battle pets in the shop were displayed above the shop!

One immortal god King battle pet after another was clearly displayed!

"Grandpa, don't You Believe My Words? Then, please take a look for yourself!"

Emperor Star Lady smiled and pointed at the scene behind her!

"This... how is this possible, more than a dozen immortal god King War Pets, this..."

Hidden amongst the crowd, Dong Li Hao and the others, du Ze Yu roared in disbelief!

His ancestor was the chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

Their Heaven Beast Corporation was one of the top existences in terms of war pets in this region!

However, since the establishment of the Heavenly Beast Corporation, they had not sold more than a dozen immortal god King warpets!