Chapter 2449: 2449 Dragon Palace War Pet Shop opened

"A war pet shop with 20 undyings, is this crazy?"

"Right now it seems like the Shaman Beast Pavilion only has one undyings, there seems to be some problems that haven't been sold yet!"

"These are undyings, how many undyings do we have here?"

"All the warpet shops in our region, even the WARPET groups added together can't compare to this Dragon Palace Warpet!"

"It's not just comparable, it's not even worthy of carrying shoes!"

Everyone looked at the situation within the warpet, their eyes wide open!

In this region, the 3rd rate forces were the pinnacle, however the 3rd rate forces only had 20 to 30 undying emperors!

The strongest east border God dynasty only had 30 undyings!

Just like that, the east border God dynasty controlled dozens of life planets, they were invincible!

However, this shop sold 20 undyings!

If one didn't see it with their own eyes, no one would believe it!

An undyings warpet, to a relatively weaker force, it was a life saving straw!

Some planets had always been under the threat of desolate beasts, if there was an undying God Emperor War Pet, it could definitely make many planets facing the threat resist the crisis and resolve it!

"20 undying God Emperor War pets, how strong is the background of this Dragon Palace War Pet Shop?"

Dong Li Hao's expression was dark as he growled!

A few days ago at the concert, his attack had caused his subordinate's eyes to be heavily injured, he had always held a grudge!

As one of the top powers in this region, he wasn't too afraid of a god Emperor!

However today, seeing his battle pet shop with 20 undying God Emperor level battle pets, it was simply terrifying!

Other than that, he could even invite star lady to host, his background definitely wasn't that simple!

"There really is an undying God emperor battle pet, everyone make way!"

Right at this time, a shocked voice came from behind, dozens of middle aged men walked over!

Their auras shook slightly, everyone in front made way!

"It's the warrior from the vast sect, there's an undying warrior!"

"That's the 9th peak undying!"

"Are they here to buy a pet?"

Everyone looked over and were shocked!

"Congratulations on the opening of the Dragon King Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!"

They were the forces behind invincible in battle techniques!

They rushed over after hearing the words of the disciples of their sects and families. When they saw this scene, they were extremely shocked!

The few immortal godly monarchs who were in the lead cupped their hands politely and waved at their subordinates behind them!

All the middle-aged men immediately took out their opening gifts! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Welcome, everyone. If you wish to purchase a war pet, please come in!"

Wang Xian saw some factions coming over and invited them with a smile on his face!

"Sure, sure!"

The Immortal kings were also very polite. A faction that could purchase 20 Immortal Kings'War Pets was absolutely terrifying!

Wang Xian led the group into the shop. Di Xing nu took a look and did not continue to stand on the stage. She followed them into the shop!

"Inform the Lords of the Celestial Empire immediately and tell them what happened here!"

"There are many factions on the AI that are looking for the immortal god King War Pet. They will definitely rush over once they know about it!"

"The Dragon Palace War Pet Shop is going to be popular!"

Everyone was discussing in shock when they saw everyone entering the shop and celestial queen leaving!

However very quickly, the information about the dragon palace pet shop spread madly through the AI!

An undying God Emperor Pet was definitely a rare and precious treasure, many powers were willing to spend some resources to buy a pet!

This was much easier than nurturing an undying god Emperor!

The dragon palace pet shop swept through the surrounding 100,000 human planets at a terrifying speed!

All those who had received the news and were interested immediately rushed to the East Lake Planet!

"Damn it, we have to tell the elder ancestor and the others immediately!"

At the entrance of the Heavenly Beast Corporation, Du Zeyu roared and immediately sent the news to the Heavenly Beast Corporation!

Peers were enemies. The rise of the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop was a fatal blow to the other battle pet shops!

"Everyone has received the situation of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop, right?"

An hour later, the chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation was sitting in the mechanical beast on the Heavenly Beast Planet with a gloomy face!

More than ten people were sitting around him. This time, all the undying godly monarch warriors of the Heavenly Beast Corporation had arrived!

The situation of the dragon palace pet shop was even more serious than the last time!

"20 undying Emperor Warpets!"

An elder sighed slowly, his face filled with envy and helplessness!

"If they can take out 20 undying Emperor Warpets to sell, then their force's undying emperor level combat strength definitely won't be lower than 40, or even more!"

Sky Beast Corporation's Bei Zong roared with a dark expression!

His battle pet, the Sky Valley King Beast, had died at the hands of the Dragon Palace. Now that he saw how powerful the enemy was, his heart was filled with anger and unwillingness!

"Most importantly, we have a grudge against the Dragon Palace!"

An Elder's face was filled with helplessness. Who would have thought that the person they had offended was so powerful!

"They are selling undying god King battle pets. It doesn't have much of a impact on our market right now. Maybe the situation isn't as bad as we thought!"

The only female god King said!

"Oh?"

Just as he said that, the chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation who was sitting at the front suddenly stood up after receiving a message!

"Damn it, the price of the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop is out. Immortal god King Level One battle pets have 50 pills of the same level or desolate beast corpses of the same value!"

"The other god Lord Level Battle Pets will also be sold at this standard! Damn that fellow, his price is actually so low!"

His expression changed as he roared!

"What?"

Everyone's expression changed when they heard the chairman's words!

"This price, is 10 to 20% lower than the current market price. Most importantly, his undying Emperor Warpet's price is actually so low, 20% lower than the recent auction price!"

An old man beside him stood up with his eyes wide open, "Has the Dragon Palace Warpet shop gone mad or is it stupid? Doesn't it earn money?"

Below 10 to 20% of the market price, this was a benefit to the buyers, but to their peers, it was a huge blow!

They could have sold it at a high price, yet they sold it at this price, was this a deliberate attempt to suppress them?

Was it to completely monopolize the market?

The moment the Dragon Palace Pet was sold at such a price, the other pet shops could only lower their prices!

Most importantly, the Dragon Palace battle pet shop was powerful, they could get 20 undying god King Battle Pets, God Lord level battle pets would be much easier!

This was pushing them to their deaths!