Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2450: The invincible 2450 had been captured

"Even if they sell it at a lower price than us and disrupt the market, what can we do?"

In the headquarters of the Heavenly Beast Group, an old man said bitterly!

They had a grudge with the dragon palace pet shop, but the other party's strength was not something they could contend with!

Even if they were suppressed by the Dragon Palace Pet Shop in terms of business, they couldn't do anything about it!

"Now that the Dragon Palace's pet shop is selling it at such a low price, it won't disturb us anymore. The entire market will be disrupted!"

"If we're not satisfied, will the other Great Master Beast Tamers be satisfied?"

"Humph, if he sells it at such a low price, he's going against all the Great Master Beast Tamers. Just because our family can't deal with them doesn't mean that he can deal with all the Great Master Beast Tamers!"

Director bei swept his gaze around and suddenly said in a low voice with a gloomy face!

The rest of the people were slightly stunned and revealed a thoughtful expression!

"Director Bei, go and contact all the Great Beast Tamers in our area. Invite all the Great Beast Tamers who are selling their battle pets!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation raised his head to look at the old man and ordered him!

"Good. Although there are few Master Beast Tamers, there are more than a dozen of them in the whole area. Besides, there are two forces that can compete with the Heavenly Beast Corporation!"

"I don't believe that they can compete with all of us!"

President bei immediately stood up and said with a cold face!

"That's right. The Dragon Palace's war pets are not only offending our interests, but also the interests of all Master Beast Tamers!"

"If we can work together, even the east border dynasty will have to be wary!"

An elder slapped the table and stood up to Shout!

"The premise is that they agree, let's contact them first!"

The Heaven Beast Corporation's Chairman's eyes flickered as he said!

Everyone nodded and left immediately!

The appearance of the Dragon Palace's 20 undying god King War Pets shocked everyone. However, when the Dragon Palace's price was announced, everyone's faces revealed shock!

As a warpet with a high price but no market, the undying warpets, everyone thought that the Dragon Palace warpets would be sold at a high price!

Or the higher price would be auctioned off. However, what everyone didn't expect was that the price was completely the same, whoever bought it first would get it!

This price was even 20% lower than the last auction, that was a full 20% !

20% was a huge fortune for an item of this level!

Soon, the Dragon Palace War Pet announced that the price of the Eternal God Lord War Pet was 10% lower than the other war pet shops!

When everyone got the price, countless people were stunned!

No one expected the price to be so low!

This caused many people to cheer and get excited!

The value of the war pets had always been very high, even if it was 10% cheaper, it was still a lot of God Stones!

This made many people rush towards East pool planet, flying towards the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

Unfortunately, the first three days were only selling undying god King War Pets, only peak God lords and above had the right to enter the shop!

In an instant, the popularity of the Dragon Palace's war pets completely suppressed the Emperor Star Lady's popularity!

"TSK tsk, even if we didn't invite the superstar today, the Dragon Palace's War Pet would still be exceptionally popular!"

Wang Xian stood in the shop and looked at the experts who came in one after another. When he saw their shocked expressions, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he said indifferently!

"HMPH!"

At the side, the Empress Star glanced at him when she heard his words and snorted coldly! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Why didn't he call me over?

Of course, she would not say it out loud. She had already seen how narrow-minded this fellow was!

"Boss, it's on fire. The Dragon Palace Battle Pets are simply too popular in the AI!"

Invincible battle technique ran over and said to him excitedly!

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head!

Next, he only needed to help them tame their battle pets. As long as he sold the immortal king level two battle pets, his strength would be able to increase by another level!

Time slowly passed, more and more warriors came from all over the planet to the Dragon Palace War Pets!

In the 10th hour, the Level 2 undying war pets were immediately bought by an undying level 3 warrior from the East Li Dynasty!

In the 18th hour, all the Undying War Pets were sold out!

When the Dragon Palace War Pets announced that all the undying war pets were sold out, everyone was excited!

It was too terrifying!

Following which, the Dragon Palace announced that they had sold over 500 eternal God level warpets!

They also announced that within 2 months at most, the Dragon Palace would release the 2nd batch of undyings and sell the 2nd batch of God Lord Level warpets!

When this news was announced, it caused another huge commotion!

"Does this dragon palace have so many undyings?"

"Crazy, this is simply crazy, undyings that might not appear once every few decades to a hundred years, now they are being sold in bulk!"

"Such a suitable price, it's much lower than the other shops, hahaha, I need to save up to buy a mount from the Dragon Palace, let the other shops go to hell!"

Amidst the shock, everyone's faces were filled with excitement!

It was a good thing for their customers that the price was low!

When the Dragon Palace's pet shop was being sold at a low price, people scoffed at the other pet shops!

Now, even a fool knew that they had to buy a pet shop from the Dragon Palace's pet shop!

As for the other pet shops, let them die!

"Boss Wang, this is bad!"

More than 20 hours later, invincible battle technique suddenly ran in and shouted at Wang Xian who was helping his customers tame their pets!

"What's the matter?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked with a frown!

"Just now, an Immortal King from the Heaven Beast Corporation came over and asked me to give you an invitation card. He said that you should go to the Dong Chi Hotel Tonight!"

Invincible battle technique walked over and gave Wang Xian an ordinary invitation card!

"Heaven Beast Corporation?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and opened the invitation card to take a look. Then, he waved his arm and caused it to disappear!

"Ignore it!"

He said faintly!

"Boss Wang, it's a group selling war pets. I feel that they have come with ill intentions!"

Invincible battle technique whispered to Wang Xian!

"It's alright. It's just a small Heaven Beast Group. Ignore it!"

Wang Xian didn't take it to heart!

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they weren't afraid of the Heaven Beast Group at all!

When the Dragon Palace became stronger, Wang Xian was prepared to take action and destroy them!

He had yet to take revenge for what had happened back then!

"That's true. Boss Wang is invincible in the universe. It's just a small Heaven Beast Corporation!"

Invincible in combat chuckled and did not take it to heart!

"They are not here yet!"

In the evening, in a private room on the top floor of the East Pool Hotel, more than ten people were sitting there!

Everyone looked at the time, their expressions extremely dark!

An undying Emperor had personally sent out an invitation, yet the other party hadn't come!