Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2451: Invincible 2451 had been captured

"They don't put us in their eyes at all!"

On the top floor of the East Lake Hotel, the Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation looked at everyone with a gloomy face and said coldly!

"They don't put the Heavenly Beast Corporation in their eyes, right? The Dragon Palace's battle pets have a grudge against the Heavenly Beast Corporation!"

An old man said to him indifferently!

"The invitation clearly states everyone's strength and names. It's true that he didn't Give Our Heavenly Beast Corporation face, but he didn't give you any face either. Why Don't you all go and invite him?"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation looked at the Elder and said!

"Alright, now is not the time for us to fight. I'm sure everyone is very clear about the blow the Dragon Palace Battle Pet Shop has dealt to us. Now, we want to call him over to talk, but the other party ignored us. What should we do next?"

An elder waved his hand and reminded them!

"What should we do? If they don't give us face, we have to give them face. With so many of us, even if the Dragon Palace has another 20 undying God king pets, we can still destroy them!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation said with a face full of killing intent!

The dozen people in the room represented the dozen or so factions in the region that were selling their pets!

It was no exaggeration to say that if all of them joined forces, they could gather 50 to 60 undying godly monarchs!

There were also three to four level 3 undying godly monarchs!

The Heaven Beast Corporation had great confidence in destroying the Dragon Palace's war pets!

"The Dragon Palace's war pets aren't weak. It's obviously impossible to make a move without even discussing it!"

The old man who had waved his hand earlier glanced indifferently at the chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"Now that the other party doesn't want to talk to us, should we go over and beg him?"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group said somewhat angrily! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Since he doesn't want to give us face, we don't have to give him face anymore. However, it's impossible to directly make a move. It depends on the Dragon King's attitude!"

"Since he doesn't want to come, then we'll let him come obediently!"

An old man knocked on the table!

"Senior Fang is right. If we can avoid falling out, let's not. It's not good for us either. We can teach them a lesson first and let them come to talk to US First!"

A middle-aged man nodded with a smile!

Other than the Heaven Beast Group, the other war pet groups and forces would not become enemies with the Dragon Palace's war pets unless they were forced to a certain realm!

They could get 20 immortal god King War Pets, and there might even be another 10 or 20 war pets. Once the battle started, there might be immortal God kings dying!

This was something they did not wish to see!

"I've investigated the Dragon Palace's war pets and the Dragon King. He has a subordinate called invincible in battle. Let's capture him and have the Dragon King come over for a chat. What do you think?"

An old man pondered for a moment and said!

"Sure, send some people from each force!"

The rest of the people nodded in agreement. All the forces sent people to prevent any accidents from happening!

"Interesting, interesting. The Heavenly Beast Group and the other war pet shops are going to join hands to deal with the Dragon Palace's War Pet!"

A few hours later, a group of young people gathered in an entertainment venue. The east fence in the middle of the hall glanced at the young people around it indifferently and said with a smile!

"It's the Dragon Palace's pet that doesn't follow the rules. It Can't blame anyone else!"

Du Zewen said indifferently!

"Yeah, brother Hao, don't you want to see the owner of the Dragon Palace's pet suffer?"

The young people next to him said to Donglihao with a smile!

"Humph, I've been displeased with that invincible battle technique for a long time!"

Donglihao's face darkened when he saw the other young people's mockery!

"Make your move as soon as possible in the next two days. When the time comes, Dong Li Hao, remind the people from the scouting system not to come and capture us!"

A young man said with a smile!

"Don't worry. With all of you allied together, even if we, the Immortal King, know about it, we will at most give you a reminder!"

Dong Li Hao nodded his head coldly!

Time passed slowly. The Dragon Palace Battle Pets continued to be popular for three days. In just three days, all the battle pets were sold out!

Wang Xian also used these three days to help a group of powerhouses tame the Immortal King War Pets as well as the ordinary war pets!

It might take some time for the Immortal King War Pets to be tamed, but the taming of the ordinary war pets would be fast!

Therefore, he managed to tame all the war pets in three days!

"Phew, it's finally done. Next, I have to increase my strength. In addition, after my strength has increased, I will continue to hunt desolate beasts. Next time, it would be best if I can capture a level 3 immortal king desolate beast. This way, my strength can be improved again!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. He looked at the resources in his interspatial ring!

These resources could increase his strength by one level. It could increase the combat strength of more than twenty immortal king level experts in the Dragon Palace!

"Let me increase my strength first!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and sat cross-legged in the empty shop. He put the pills into his mouth one by one!

Boom! Boom! Boom

When the pills turned into dragon energy one by one, half an hour later, the divine dragon was circling around Wang Xian!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for increasing your level. You have reached level seven of the Eternal Lord!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level seven of the Eternal Lord (the sixth form of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 24,344/100,000

Ability: rules the water tribe (rules the water tribe below its level)

Devours creatures (devours creatures to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Dragon Transformation

Ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 7)

Kingdom of God: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace possession: Level 7.

Member of Dragon Palace: 177,693

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A dragon's roar came from his bones. Wang Xian, who was sitting cross-legged, was like a human-shaped divine dragon!

If he didn't have any scruples, he would definitely transform into the body of a divine dragon and roam the nine heavens!

"Immortal King Level 3 combat strength!"

Looking at his attributes, Wang Xian clenched his fists and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

Perhaps it wouldn't be long before he dared to show himself as a divine dragon and wasn't afraid of others coveting his Divine Dragon Inheritance!

"Continue to strive and become stronger!"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling!

"Sorry Dragon King, sorry to disturb you!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded at the entrance!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked outside!

"Bang!"

"I'm sorry for inviting the Dragon King out of courtesy last time!"

The middle-aged man at the door smiled. He waved his arm and threw an item on the ground. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly as he turned around and prepared to leave!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. When he saw the item that was thrown on the ground in front of him, his expression changed!

"Bang!"

The next moment, Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly. The middle-aged man who was about to leave was directly grabbed by Wang Xian's side. The door was instantly closed!