Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2452: Threat 2,452

"Dragon King, what are you doing? I am representing the Heaven Beast Corporation, the Heaven Tiger Sect, and the Ten Thousand Beast Hall to deliver something to you!"

The middle-aged man saw his figure appearing in front of the Dragon King in an instant. When he saw the cold expression on the Dragon King's face, his expression changed drastically. Immediately, he shouted with a stern face but a weak heart!

"Do you represent the Beast Tamer Grandmasters in this area?"

Wang Xian's eyes turned cold. With a wave of his arm, the item on the ground appeared in his hand!

There was an arm on the ground and a note on the arm. There was only an address written on it. There was nothing else!

However, Wang Xian knew that this arm was invincible in battle techniques!

He was captured by someone. The people who captured him were obviously members of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

They were the Beast Tamer Grandmasters and the pet shop in this area!

"Have I offended their interests?"

Wang Xian's eyes were cold as he stared at the middle-aged man who was imprisoned in front of him with murderous intent!

"How dare A Level Nine Master God Act so arrogantly?"

Wang Xian stared at him and asked coldly!

"You... What are you trying to do? Let me tell you, I represent many godly kings. Furthermore, this is East Lake Planet. Even if a godly king kills someone, he will have to pay the price!"

The middle-aged man mustered up his courage and reminded Wang Xian!

"Bang!"

However, the moment he finished his sentence, his entire body collapsed. There was only a head left!

"Ah!"

A miserable scream came out from his mouth. He stared at Wang Xian with a face full of fear!

"Don't kill me, don't... Don't kill me!"

The middle-aged man shouted with a face full of fear!

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the middle-aged man's body trembled. He slowly widened his eyes and his gaze gradually lost its luster!

"Phew!"

Wang Xian digested his memories as his eyes sparkled!

With a casual wave of his hand, the middle-aged man was completely annihilated. He walked out slowly!

Jiuhuang manor was a private manor. It was located not too far away from here!

Wang Xian stood in front of the main door and scanned his surroundings!

"Who are you?"

The two guards saw Wang Xian walking over and asked coldly!

Wang Xian ignored them. A demonic look flashed across his eyes as he walked straight into the manor!

"Huh?"

The two guards wanted to stop him but a voice rang in their minds. They immediately stopped!

Wang Xian walked straight into the manor and soon, he arrived at a hall!

There were more than a dozen people sitting in the hall. Among them, three old men sat in the center while the rest sat on both sides!

Wang Xian walked in and swept his gaze across them!

When more than a dozen people saw him enter, they revealed faint smiles on their faces!

"How about invincible in battle techniques?"

Wang Xian asked coldly!

"He's just a nobody. Don't worry, he's still alive!"

"It's too difficult to meet the Dragon King. We have no other choice!"

An old man said faintly!

"Hehe, you can come and visit me directly if you want to. I don't think I will stop you guys outside!"

Wang Xian said coldly, "Hand over the invincible battle technique to Me First!"

"Dragon King, don't be so arrogant when you come to us. You'd better be sensible!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation said coldly! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Chairman Du!"

Just as he finished his sentence, the two elders beside him looked at him with dissatisfaction!

"We will not be involved in the grudges between the Heaven Beast Corporation and you. We are not here to invite the Dragon King over for the Heaven Beast Corporation's matter. The Dragon King should know the details clearly!"

An elder in the middle said!

"Hand over the invincible battle technique to Me First!"

Wang Xian spoke coldly as usual!

The old man frowned slightly and waved his arm!

"Bang!"

Very soon, a figure was thrown beside Wang Xian!

"Wow, boss Wang, those little brats actually tricked me. Boss Wang, you have to avenge me!"

The figure hugged Wang Xian's thigh and shouted with an aggrieved expression!

Wang Xian looked at him. His entire face was almost disfigured from the beating. Only half of his severed arm had recovered!

His entire body was filled with injuries. It was obvious that he was badly beaten up!

Furthermore, invincible battle technique had a treasure on him. To be able to grab it, it was obvious that there might be an expert who had made a move in the dark!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and healed the injuries on his body!

"You go back first!"

Wang Xian said to invincible battle technique!

"Alright boss, be careful. None of these guys are good people!"

Invincible battle technique nodded his head and swept his gaze across the dozen immortal kings around him. He shrunk his head slightly and said!

Buzz

As soon as he finished his sentence, his figure flashed and he returned directly to his immortal nation on the star Origin Planet!

"Speak, I'll give you three minutes!"

Wang Xian looked at invincible battle technique and said coldly as he swept his gaze across all of them!

His words caused the expressions of the dozen of them to turn slightly ugly!

"Dragon King, I won't say much. The ones sitting here today are all the beast taming grandmasters and pet traders from the hundreds of thousands of planets in this region!"

"We are not envious of the fact that your Dragon Palace's pet can get so many immortal god King Pets. However, we hope that you can sell them at the market price!"

"In business, harmony brings wealth. The market price will not affect you. On the contrary, you will earn more. Let me be clear, offending US will not benefit you!"

The elder in front warned him directly!

"I feel that my price is the market price!"

Wang Xian shook his head lightly when he heard his words!

"In that case, are you sure you want to offend us?"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group said directly with a cold face!

"Haha, Offend You Guys? In business, of course, I make my own decisions. If I want to sell, I will sell. If I don't want to sell, I will not sell. It is my freedom to sell at any price. You guys are also in business. Don't you understand this?"

"If you don't understand, you might as well not do business. Besides, you guys can sell it at my price or even lower than mine. I will sell it at the same price in the future anyway!"

Wang Xian gave them a mocking smile!

Naturally, he could set the price of his Battle Pets At Will. He was also deliberately selling it at the market price!

He captured the battle pets and tamed them quickly. For the sake of business, he naturally had to sell them at a lower price than others!

The business world was like a battlefield. This group of people obviously didn't understand!

"Dragon King, does that mean there's nothing left to talk about?"

An old man in front stood up slowly!

On both sides, there were also old men who stood up coldly and stared at Wang Xian!

"All of you are begging me, yet you still dare to kidnap my friend. How interesting. I will repay this debt very soon. If all of you still dare to cause trouble, the Dragon Palace will take care of it together!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across all of them and smiled sinisterly!

Following that, he turned around and left immediately!

A bunch of people who were courting death actually dared to kidnap invincible in combat and make him come over to threaten him!

They were not qualified to do so!

Even with the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they were not afraid of them!

If they were to go head-to-head, who would be afraid of Who!

"Dragon King, you should consider the consequences! Don't force us!"

Another old man at the front saw Wang Xian turn around and leave. He was furious and shouted coldly!