Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2453: 2453, the open and hidden battle had begun

"Bang!"

"Damn you, Arrogant Fellow!"

In the nine Desolation Manor, the experts from the Heaven Beast Group, the Heaven Tiger Sect, the Thousand Beast Hall, and other factions saw that Wang Xian did not pay any attention to them as he continued to walk out. Their faces were filled with fury!

The sect leader of the Heaven Tiger sect could not help but slam the table heavily. His face was gloomy!

From the moment the other party arrived to the moment he left, he did not put them in his eyes at all!

"Hehe, I already said that we don't need to embarrass ourselves. We should have let him know the consequences of offending us from the beginning!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group sneered when he saw this scene!

"Now, shouldn't everyone follow my method?"

The corner of the mouth of the Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group curled up slightly as he said indifferently!

He was happy to see this scene!

"Sect master, Elder Hua, who went to the Dragon Palace's war pet shop to deliver the news to the Dragon King, has disappeared. His divine kingdom has also fallen into silence. It seems that he has already fallen!"

At this moment, a figure walked in and reported with an ugly expression!

"What? He actually dared to directly kill our messenger?"

The Sky Tiger Sect Master's face changed and he roared in a low voice!

The rest of the people's faces changed and turned gloomy again!

"Can you bear it now? We only have three choices now. One is to kill the other party, or get the Dragon Palace's battle pets out of our area!"

"The second is to get far away from the other party, and the third is to give up the business of battle pets so that there won't be any Impact!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group said coldly!

Everyone in the Hall looked gloomy!

The Dragon Palace's pet didn't put them in its eyes. Now, one of them had to win or lose!

Either the Dragon Palace's pet died or left, or they died or left!

However, how could they be willing to leave a place that had stood for hundreds of thousands of years?

How could they be willing to give up the business of Taming War Pets?

"Everyone, this might be an opportunity for us. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has a powerful array formation. I'm sure that some of you have already seen it!"

"In addition, the Dragon King seems to have mastered the ability to tame war pets quickly. You should know this ability clearly from his taming of the Space Beasts. If we can get these treasures, we will be able to rise up!"

"At that time, all of us will form a force. Hehe, before long, we will be able to step into the center of the Imperial Star Field, and not need to be in this remote place!"

The Heavenly Beast Group's chairman's eyes flickered as he spoke!

The expressions of everyone around changed, and their hearts were moved!

"But the other party's strength is not weak!"

The Myriad Beast Hall's Hall master muttered!

"Wealth comes from danger. If you want to get a huge opportunity, how can you not fight?"

"I really don't believe that all of US combined are not a match for the Dragon Palace!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group said coldly!

"The Dragon Palace's battle pet shop killed the disciple who went to report to us. Now, send someone to assassinate all the staff in his shop!"

"If that Dragon Palace's War Pet Knows What's good for him, we'll give him a chance. If he doesn't know what's good for him, then we'll see who's really powerful!"

"I don't believe that our Sky Tiger sect has been standing in this area for millions of years, and will be afraid of a new rising power!"

The Sky Tiger Sect's sect master said coldly at this time!

One of the people nodded slightly!

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group revealed a smile on his face. Although everyone had yet to agree, he was not in a hurry!

Based on his understanding of the Dragon King, the person who killed him would definitely not let the matter rest!

"Boss Wang, are you alright?"

Not long after Wang Xian came out from the nine Desolation Manor, he received a message that his battle techniques were invincible!

"I'm fine. Who kidnapped you?"

Wang Xian immediately asked!

"Boss Wang, it's Du Zeyu and the rest. Damn it, they took away my protective treasure and all my divine stones!"

Invincible battle technique said angrily!

"Oh, send me their specific information!"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said to invincible battle technique!

"Boss? You want to avenge me? No need. I want to avenge these B * stards myself. I want to kill them next time!"

Invincible battle technique immediately shook his head and replied!

"HMM, that's up to you. I'll get you an immortal King Level 2 battle pet after a period of time!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and said to him!

Invincible battle technique was kidnapped because of his own matter. He might as well get him an immortal king level battle pet. It was just a waste of time for him anyway! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"What? Boss Wang, What did you say? Get Me an immortal god King Level 2 battle pet, am I seeing things?"

"Wow, Boss Wang, I love you so much. I'm going to find you now and hug your thighs!"

On the star origin planet, invincible battle technique, who was initially extremely angry, jumped up in excitement when he heard Wang Xian's words!

This time, he was kidnapped and an expert had snatched away his defensive treasure!

This treasure was worth a lot and was no less valuable than a pinnacle god Lord Battle Pet!

In fact, it was even a little more valuable!

Now, boss Wang actually said that he wanted to give him an undying god King Level 2 battle pet. He was practically flying into the sky!

His Master was only an undying god King Level 1 battle pet now!

"You don't have to come over. It's not safe here. The battle pet will probably take one to two months. You can just wait for news on the star Origin Planet!"

Wang Xian said directly to invincible battle technique!

"Alright, don't worry, boss Wang. I'll wait for your news here. hehehe!"

Invincible battle technique nodded his head. His face was filled with excitement and excitement!

Buzz

After he finished talking to invincible battle technique, Wang Xian immediately contacted Prime Minister Gui!

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui's image appeared and he shouted at him respectfully!

"Get Ao Yao and Ao Jian to bring a few people over!"

Wang Xian immediately said to Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head!

"What's the current situation in the Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian continued to ask!

"Dragon King, ao crab has led his subordinates to the surrounding planets for missions. We have found a few good missions to assist the other planets in suppressing and wiping out the desolate beasts!"

"With Ao crab and the rest, our Dragon Palace will gain a lot every time. After the other members of the dragon palace have cleaned up the underground sea, they will also go out to carry out missions!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile!

"Yes, that's fine. Tell ao crab that if he can capture some eternal god Lord level desolate beasts alive, try to capture them alive. Don't kill them and keep their divine kingdoms!"

Wang Xian nodded his head with a satisfied look on his face!

In this starry sky, there were many desolate beasts. The Dragon Palace could definitely hunt desolate beasts to improve quickly!

Furthermore, the immortal deity King could imprison the eternal deity Overlord desolate beast and capture it alive for sale. The value would be even greater!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded!

"Next, I'll capture the immortal deity king sea monster myself. I'll leave this to Ao Jian and Ao Yao!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He immediately contacted the Empress Star Lady and got ready to work!

However, at night, Wang Xian received a piece of news!

All the staff members of the Dragon Palace's pet shop were assassinated!