Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2454: 2454 Lorman Desolate Beast Park

"Boss, my friend sent me a message saying that all the staff members of the Dragon Palace's war pets that he had asked for were assassinated!"

"Boss Wang, be careful. Those damn fellows might want to deal with you. I heard from my master that they are very strong!"

In the manor, Wang Xian was looking at the image of his invincible combat skills. When he heard the news that he had reported, his face turned gloomy!

"I got it. I will handle this matter!"

He nodded with a gloomy face!

"Alright, boss Wang. Be careful. Although the safety of East Lake Planet is very high, it is still possible for an expert to assassinate someone!"

"Moreover, that group of people is not weak. If they join forces, even the east border dynasty might not dare to offend them too much!"

Invincible reminded him a few more times before hanging up the call!

"They actually assassinated all the employees of my Dragon Palace Shop. Good, good, very good!"

Wang Xian's eyes were icy cold as he sat in the manor and waited quietly!

Buzz

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Three hours later, a group of figures flew over!

Ao Jian brought three dragon guards with the combat strength of immortal godly monarchs while ao Yao brought five dragon species with the strength of immortal godly monarchs!

"I'm here. This is some information regarding the Heaven Beast Corporation, the Heaven Tiger Sect, the Thousand Beast Hall, and the other factions. What you have to do next is to assassinate everyone on the East Lake Planet!"

"There's no need for immortal king level experts to take action for now. Leave no one else alive!"

Wang Xian passed a piece of information to Ao Yao and instructed him!

"It's the Dragon King. Leave this to us!"

Ao Yao nodded his head!

"Be careful. This is the territory of the eastern border dynasty. No killing is allowed. Don't reveal your identity!"

Wang Xian reminded him!

"Don't worry, Dragon King. These technological detection methods won't be able to detect us!"

Ao Yao nodded his head confidently!

The formation was ineffective against them. These technological detection methods wouldn't be able to detect them!

Moreover, they had the combat strength of an immortal king. It was too difficult to detect them!

"Alright, I'll leave the matters here to you guys. I still have other matters to attend to!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

The fight with the Heavenly Tiger Sect and the Thousand Beast Hall had yet to reach the point where they would fight to the death!

Since the other party was killing some of his people as a warning, Wang Xian would kill his way back to warn them hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of times over!

If the other party still dared to attack, he would continue!

Of course, this was also the situation where Wang Xian had no other choice at the moment!

It was very difficult to kill an immortal king. Even if he had the black hole spatial disturbance formation, he could only kill a few immortal kings at most!

After all, the other party also had many level 3 immortal king powerhouses!

If they were to fight, the Dragon Palace could win. However, it would be difficult to completely destroy them!

He was waiting for the Dragon Palace's strength to improve further. If he wanted to fight, he would destroy all of them!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao yaoao Jian and the rest nodded their heads!

"I'm a little late!"

The next morning, at the entrance of the manor, Wang Xian looked at di Xingnu who was late and said indifferently!

"You're only a few minutes late. HMPH, where are you going?"

Di Xingnu's face darkened when she heard his words and said with a dark expression!

Now, she was a little angry when she saw Wang Xian. This fellow was simply too despicable!

"Let's go to the Luolman Beast Park!"

Wang Xian said!

"Alright!"

As long as she wasn't going to capture the Black Dock Beast, she didn't care about going to other places!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head!

His body moved and he immediately flew towards the teleportation formation!

The Luolman Beast Park was the largest Beast Park in this region. It was also the biggest threat to this region!

The Lorman desolate beast garden was extremely huge, and it had a special characteristic!

That was that the Lorman desolate beast garden would gradually expand!

There was a plant that lived there, and this plant had a special characteristic. It could reproduce crazily, growing crazily!

Once it was not artificially treated, every year, the Lorman Desolate Beast Garden would expand tens of millions of kilometers to the outside world!

Tens of millions of kilometers a year in the vast starfield was indeed not much, but what about ten years, a hundred years, a thousand years, ten thousand years?

Once this void plant expanded, it was a very good habitat for desolate beasts!

The Lorman desolate beast garden had always occupied the living space of humans. It was the greatest threat to the entire region!

The number of desolate beasts living in it was endless. Occasionally, there would be beast tides!

There were a few hundred life planets that were completely destroyed by the beast tides!

As a paradise for desolate beasts, it naturally had many treasures!

God Tree God fruit, desolate beast cubs!

The treasures that were once taken over by the Lorman Desolate Beast Garden, some of the Undying Godly monarchs that died in the desolate Beast Garden, the Undying Godly Nation!

Desolate beast undying godly nation and so on!

The Lorman Desolate Beast Garden also attracted many warriors and adventurers to enter!

Many experts had obtained opportunities inside and stepped into the immortal king level!

Wang Xian had set his target here mainly because there were more desolate beasts here!

The number of immortal king level desolate beasts in the entire Luolman desolate beast park could reach up to 10,000, which was more than all the immortal king level desolate beasts in the entire area combined!

There was a teleportation array to arrive at the Luolman Desolate Beast Park on planet East Lake!

"Welcome to the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. I wish all the brave warriors a triumphant return!"

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the planet closest to the Lorman desolate beast park through the teleportation formation, a voice was heard!

He turned his head and saw a beautiful lady not far away. The voice came from this lady!

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly at the lady and looked ahead!

The location of the formation was located at the peak of an extremely huge mountain. The entire mountain was over 100,000 meters tall. Looking ahead, there was no starry sky. There was only a type of black tree!

This type of tree was located in the starry sky ahead. It was densely packed and endless. At a glance, it was extremely oppressive! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

On the right, there were towering flames burning in the void. There were experts burning the black trees!

"Let's go, let's go there directly!"

Wang Xian said to the imperial star Lady and flew straight into the void ahead!

There were many people in the surroundings. Many of them were exuding an extremely strong murderous aura!

Some of these people came from other planets to take risks and seek treasures and opportunities. Some of them were from the nearby life planets!

In front of the Lorman desolate beast garden, there were over 100 human planets!

In the past, there were about 500 to 600 life planets nearby, because of the expansion of the Lorman desolate beast garden, a few hundred of them led their planets to escape!

And the over 100 planets that remained here, every one of them was incomparably huge, several times bigger than the Tian Ze continent!

Even an undying emperor would find it hard to escape with the planets!

Now, all the humans on these hundreds of planets were working together to defend against the invasion of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

"This time, I'll see if I can capture the level 3 immortal King Battle Pet. Once I capture it, I'll be able to upgrade once again!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

Just as he was heading to the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, Ao Yao ao Jian and the rest started to search for information on the East Pool Planet!