Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2455: 2455 was captured

"According to the information we received, the Dragon King has gone to the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!"

"He should have received the news of the death of the staff of his Dragon Palace's war pet shop, but he did not react!"

"Maybe the Dragon King knows the consequences of offending us!"

In the nine desolates manor, everyone was sitting in the hall. Hearing the information their subordinates had received, they smiled faintly!

The employees were killed without any reaction. It was obvious that they were afraid of their strength!

This was a normal phenomenon. After all, if they really joined forces, the Dragon Palace's pet shop would definitely not be their match!

"We can't be completely sure yet. This is only the first day!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group frowned slightly. He did not expect the Dragon King to leave this place directly!

"Hehe, he wouldn't dare to offend all of us even if he had the guts!"

"He's still arrogant in front of us. He should just leave now. As long as he's not stupid, he should know what to do!"

An old man said calmly, his face full of confidence!

Offending them was obviously the wisest choice!

The rest of the people nodded slightly. They didn't want to be enemies with the Dragon Palace's battle pets unless they had no choice in the end! 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Let's not make too much of a decision now. The Dragon Palace's Battle Pets said that the next sale will be in one to two months. We will look at it in one to two months!"

The leader of the Sky Tiger Sect said slowly!

"Alright!"

The rest of them replied!

...

"The area of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park is very, very large. It is thousands of times larger than the Blackstone Domain. If we search for it ourselves, it will take a very long time. We can buy information here first!"

Wang Xian was floating in the air as he read the information on the artificial intelligence system!

Previously, he had explored the Blackstone Domain for seven to eight days before taking action. However, the area of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park was too huge. It would take a long time to explore it!

The best way was to buy some information!

The artificial intelligence system suggested that they could go to the Iron Blood Alliance to buy information here!

"Let's go to the location of the other mountain peak in front!"

Wang Xian said to Celestial Queen and flew straight to a relatively short mountain peak in front!

The entire mountain peak had the words 'Iron Blood Alliance'written on it!

The Iron Blood Alliance was an alliance among the hundreds of planets in the vicinity!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the iron blood alliance was the strongest except for the eastern border dynasty!

However, even though they were strong, the pressure was immense. They rarely left the hundreds of planets around them!

As they were facing the threat of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, the godly monarchs here did not move around!

"Welcome to the Iron Blood Alliance, sir, are you here to receive a mission or not?"

Wang Xian landed on the mountain peak and a lady immediately asked respectfully!

"Purchase information regarding all the immortal king desolate beasts that you know in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!"

Wang Xian immediately replied!

"Eh? Sir, please come in. I will inform the person-in-charge of the information department!"

The female staff was slightly stunned and led them inside!

Information of this level was extremely valuable!

Half an hour later, Wang Xian walked out from the Iron Blood Alliance with satisfaction!

This time, he spent a lot of money. The value of the information was comparable to the value of more than a dozen peak-stage god-level warpets!

However, it was totally worth it!

"This iron blood alliance is indeed worthy of being an existence that has been fighting against the Lorman Desolate Beast Park for millions of years. They actually have more than a hundred pieces of information regarding the immortal god King Desolate Beast!"

Wang Xian revealed a satisfied expression. Looking at the map in his hand, he moved his body and flew straight into the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

"Remember these locations first. You have to go in and investigate later!"

Wang Xian told Di Xingnu, who was located in the crack in the void, about the map!

"I know!"

Di Xingnu rolled her eyes at him and said coldly!

"Hehe, don't be so cold. After all, we have a mutually beneficial relationship. If you want to buy a war pet in the future, you can come and look for me!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw her frosty look!

Di Xingnu glanced at him and didn't say a word!

Buzz

The next moment, they plunged into the vast Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

The entire huge forest was like an ocean, reaching a height of millions of kilometers!

Although it couldn't be compared to the underground sea, the area was indeed terrifying!

"Let's go to the first place first!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xingnu and flew forward quickly!

His speed was very fast. Once he had a target, he didn't need to stay in other places!

"Let's Go and investigate first. If we can find the immortal king level desolate beast, we will come back immediately!"

Wang Xian gestured to Di Xingnu and the two of them split up!

In this area, according to the information from the Iron Blood Alliance, there was a level one immortal king desolate beast active!

As long as he could find it, Wang Xian could set up an array and start capturing it!

The black trees were abnormally lush, causing the space around them to not be too big!

There were all kinds of desolate beasts living here!

There were desolate beasts the size of ants that could cause fatal danger to the eternal God Lord!

Wang Xian relied on his ability to conceal himself in the light and darkness to carefully search for his pursuers!

"Oh right, let's try to sense these branches with the wood attribute!"

Suddenly, he had an idea and placed his palm on the Branches!

With the ancestral tree, Wang Xian's sense of the wood attribute was far superior to the other attributes!

Furthermore, he also had the mystical branches such as the Fuchang Tree, the inexhaustible wood, the soul-returning wood, and so on!

"The spirit-imbued fuchang tree might be useful here!"

Wang Xian had an idea. A tree branch appeared in his palm and he placed it on the black tree!

In the next moment, the endless black tree branches in front of him appeared in Wang Xian's mind like a network!

In just an instant, he felt that he could sense everything within a radius of tens of millions of kilometers!

"This... I didn't expect it to be so useful!"

The spirit attached to the branch gave it a hint of spirituality. This spirituality could act as Wang Xian's eyes!

"I found it. Hahaha, it seems like I have gained a lot this time!"

Wang Xian revealed an excited expression and immediately sent a message to Di Xingnu!

"HMM? You found it so quickly?"

Di Xing nu had only left for less than five minutes when she rushed back after receiving Wang Xian's message. She asked in astonishment!

"I found it. I'll set up the formation first. You Go over and attract it over later!"

Wang Xian said to her and immediately set up the formation!

More than ten minutes later, di Xing nu went over to attract it!

The process was relatively smooth. When she saw an ant jumping around in front of her, the immortal king desolate beast naturally attacked her directly!

The following taming was also very smooth. It was not the first time Wang Xian had done such a thing. He easily captured it!

"Haha, it was too smooth. Let's go, Let's continue!"

Wang Xian said excitedly to di Xing nu!

"This guy is really crazy. He managed to tame an immortal king battle pet in such a short period of time. If he is given enough time, wouldn't he be able to build an army of more than 100,000 immortal King Battle Pets?"

Emperor Star Lady looked at Wang Xian, her heart filled with awe!