Chapter 2456: 2456, the person who interfered

"The fourth one!"

After more than ten hours, Wang Xian tamed the war pet in front of him. A faint smile appeared on his face!

It had only been more than ten hours since he arrived at the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, but Wang Xian had already tamed four immortal god King War Pets!

If other beast taming grandmasters were to find out about such a terrifying speed, they would definitely go crazy!

If the Heaven Beast Corporation's Heavenly Tiger sect knew that Wang Xian had such an ability, they would probably go all out to dig out the secret of Beast Taming!

"Next, we have to go deeper!"

Wang Xian looked at the map and said to Di Xingnu!

"Up to you!"

Di Xingnu said to him indifferently! Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian quickly shuttled through the Luolman Desolate Beast Park!

With the ancestral tree, he shuttled through the forest. It gave Wang Xian the feeling of a fish swimming in the sea!

This time, after flying for a few hours, Wang Xian saw an incomparably huge bird nest from afar!

Yes, it was a huge bird nest built by desolate beasts and birds. There were countless birds in the entire nest!

"There's A Level 2 immortal king level battle pet here. Go and lure it out!"

Wang Xian looked around and sensed a level 2 immortal king level desolate beast inside. He said to Di Xing nu!

"This desolate beast in front is a group creature. If I go and lure it out, it will definitely make its subordinates attack!"

Emperor Star Lady looked ahead and her face slowly turned dark!

"It's alright. Those desolate beasts that are not at the immortal king level will not be able to attack you!"

Wang Xian shook his head. "Let's go. I'll wait for You Here!"

"Bastard!"

Emperor Star Lady cursed in a low voice and braced herself to fly forward!

She could already imagine the consequences that would follow. She would be grabbed and attacked by countless birds and the feathers on her head would flutter!

"Don't blame me for not showing mercy to the fairer sex!"

Wang Xian watched her fly forward and waited quietly with a smile on his face!

"Seniors, Young Masters, this is the nest of the desolate beast vermilion bird. There are millions of vermilion birds living here. The strongest one has reached level two immortal king, and there are quite a number of eternal God Lords!"

And at this moment, on the other side of the Vermilion Bird Nest, more than a dozen people were flying over!

"Not bad, not bad, it's this type of desolate beast!"

A youth looked at the desolate beast flying ahead and smiled!

"If this young master wants to catch a few, it's very simple. When the time comes, you can find a beast tamer to help tame them!"

The middle-aged man who spoke at the beginning said with a smile!

"The resources here are extremely rich, and it's not too dangerous!"

The old man standing in the middle of the group of young men with a folding fan in his hand looked around and said!

"Senior, this is a huge threat to you and the Iron Blood Alliance. If you are willing to help us..."

"Let's talk about this in the future!"

As the middle-aged man spoke, the old man with the folding fan interrupted him!

When the middle-aged man heard this, a bitter smile appeared on his face!

"Ga Ga Ga!"

At this moment, ear-piercing sounds suddenly came from the front. The sound shook the sky!

The middle-aged man's expression changed slightly and he immediately looked forward!

"It's the Vermillion Bird King. It seems to have been alarmed!"

When he looked over, his pupils constricted slightly!

"Oh? There's a human figure inside?"

The elder beside him raised his eyebrows and immediately looked over!

An undying God level 2 desolate beast soared into the sky, its aura extremely terrifying!

In front of the Vermillion Bird Emperor, a figure was like a small boat under a huge wave, floating in front of it!

What was strange was that despite facing so many terrifying attacks, that figure wasn't killed!

"Oh?"

The group of youths looked over, their faces filled with shock!

Although the figure was not fleeing from them, the distance was getting closer and closer!

"How Strange, that figure can actually flicker. Does she have any treasures on her?"

A youth took out a mirror and placed it in front of him, looking at it, his face filled with shock as he said!

"There should be some treasure that can actually dodge an undying level 2 desolate beast's attack, this treasure is extraordinary!"

The old man holding the fan had a glint in his eyes!

"Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga!"

At that moment, the Vermillion Bird Emperor let out an urgent sound, the sound covered the huge bird nest!

"Ga Ga Ga!"

The next moment, countless vermillion birds attacked the silhouette!

They could see that the figure was surrounded by countless vermilion birds. She was like an insect, being attacked and attacked!

"What a strong defense, what a strange treasure!"

After a long time, the old man with the folding fan said with a face full of amazement!

The figure in front of them had been attacked by countless vermilion birds for more than ten minutes without any injuries. She was still running away. Obviously, the treasure on her was very strong!

"Eh? It seems to be a woman?"

As they got closer, a young man said in surprise!

"Great-grandfather, should we save that woman?"

The young man who was watching through the mirror said to the old man!

The old man with the folding fan hesitated slightly!

"We can form a good relationship!"

He nodded slightly, "Let's go and take a look!"

As the elder spoke, he waved his arm and brought them forward!

"Oh? There's actually someone here. This is too embarrassing!"

At this moment, the Emperor Star Lady, who was covered in bird feathers, saw someone looking at her. Her expression changed slightly!

She waved her arm and a veil covered her face!

"We are almost at that Guy's array formation. The rest will be left to that guy. This desolate beast is too disgusting!"

Emperor Star Lady flew forward with a dark expression!

"Miss, do you need support?"

As the old man and the others approached, a youth immediately said!

"No Need!"

Emperor Star Lady was slightly stunned when she heard the voice, but she immediately replied coldly!

She was in a very bad mood!

"We Are Here!"

At this moment, she looked forward, and her dark expression eased a little!

"This..."

The group of people who heard the words of the imperial star Lady were also slightly stunned. However, in the next moment, they saw an incomparably huge array formation suddenly appear a few hundred kilometers ahead of them!

The array formation had just enveloped the area in front of them and almost enveloped them as well!

"This is?"

The old man with the folding fan was slightly stunned and raised his brows slightly!

"That woman earlier was intentionally luring Vermillion Bird emperor over?"

The middle aged man raised his eyebrows, his face filled with shock!

"This... grandfather, what array is this?"

A youth asked in shock!

"I don't know, it should be an array that restricts undying god king desolate beasts. Elder Gong, do you know anything about it?"

The old man asked the middle aged man!

"No!"

Elder gong shook his head, "This is the first time I've encountered it, our Iron Blood Alliance doesn't have any records either!"

"Should we go in and take a look?"

A youth said with interest!

"HM? That's not good, we entering the other party's array for no reason, that's a huge taboo!"

Elder Gong immediately said!

"What's there to be afraid of, what can the other party do to us?"

The young man said indifferently!

In this area, they were really not afraid of anyone!