Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2458: In the 2458 Beast Horde

"The 15th one!"

In the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, Wang Xian waved his arm and kept the level 2 immortal king desolate beast into his mother nest. His face was filled with smiles!

Today was the 20th day since he came to the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

It was much slower than when he first tamed the desolate beasts. The main reason was that the deeper he went, the more complicated it became. The accuracy of the information was lower!

Many places did not have any undying god King desolate beast activities!

It was possible that the desolate beasts had returned to their own undying God countries to train, or they might have entered other places!

In just 20 days, he had tamed 15 undying god King warpets, 3 of them were at level 2, that was already very terrifying!

Even Emperor Star Lady could not help but click her tongue!

His gains for the day was equivalent to her having a concert!

"Let's eat something to satisfy my craving!"

Wang Xian flew to a branch and set up a table with a satisfied expression. He took out a piece of immortal king level desolate beast meat!

Pouring a cup of tea was extremely refreshing!

He gestured to the Emperor Star Lady and said with a smile!

"Auntie Ying!"

The Emperor Star Lady hesitated for a moment before shouting at the lady who was following behind them!

The woman was a few million kilometers away from them. This was Wang Xian's request to prevent any immortal king or desolate beast from being alerted!

Over the past few days, the imperial star Lady's attitude towards Wang Xian had improved!

There was no other way. It was only the beginning. There were still two more years!

"Young master Wang!"

The woman flew over and greeted Wang Xian with a smile. She was not as unfamiliar as before!

She was full of admiration towards Wang Xian!

She was certain that if the powerhouses of the imperial court were to find out about his ability, they would definitely recruit him immediately!

If they failed to recruit him, they might obtain his secret at all costs!

His taming speed was simply heaven-defying!

If it wasn't for the woman's good self-control and the fact that Wang Xian had helped her to tame the towering snake space beast, she couldn't help but want to kidnap Wang Xian and force him to reveal the secret of his taming!

"Eat something and rest for a while!"

Wang Xian smiled at the woman and poured her a cup of tea!

"Thank you, Young Master Wang!"

The woman nodded and sat at the side!

"Roar!"

However, before Wang Xian and the rest could rest for long, roars suddenly came from the depths of Luolman!

"Eh?"

The first one to react was Auntie Ying. She immediately flew into the sky and looked into the depths!

"There are some strange movements among the desolate beasts in the desolate Beast Park. A large number of desolate beasts from the depths are flying towards this direction!"

The woman's eyes were sparkling as she said!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian also looked into the depths!

"Ka Ka Ka!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A sound that sounded like the wind blowing down leaves could be heard. Wang Xian saw a huge plant-type desolate beast that was tens of thousands of meters in size rushing towards this direction!

Behind it, there were at least millions of similar desolate beasts!

"Immortal King Level 2 desolate beast, wood type plant type desolate beast!"

"What is it doing?"

Wang Xian asked with a face full of surprise!

"Look in the other direction!"

The woman pointed to the left and right sides. The leader was still the immortal King desolate beast. Her own race followed behind and flew out!

"This... the brain says that the expansion of the Lorman desolate beast garden is due to the increase in the strength of the desolate beasts in the desolate Beast Garden!"

"The moment a desolate beast breaks through to the Undying Emperor realm, it will definitely occupy a huge territory. As time passes, there will be more undying emperor desolate beasts. Lorman will have to expand!"

"If the Lorman desolate beast's expansion speed slows down or is stopped, it will cause the undying emperor desolate beasts to fight for their territory. To prevent such a situation, the undying emperor desolate beasts will team up and launch the Beast Tide!"

"The Beast Tide is for the Lorman desolate beast to expand faster. It is also to eliminate some immortal king desolate beasts!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"It should be more or less the same. Powerful desolate beasts usually do not fight. Sometimes, they have to fight to either launch a beast tide or expand crazily!"

The woman nodded her head slightly!

"Aunt Ying, please leave this place. I want to set up an array formation here!"

Wang Xian licked his tongue. He did not care why the desolate beasts were in such a situation. However, the immortal king desolate beast was flying towards him. It was simply waiting for him!

As long as he set up an array formation, the group of desolate beasts could enter and easily tame it!

"Alright!"

Aunt Ying nodded and immediately retreated!

"Star Lady, I don't need you this time. You can watch from the side!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xingnu!

She was weaker and couldn't see the situation clearly!

Di Xingnu pursed her lips and hid in the space crack!

Wang Xian didn't say anything and immediately started to set up the formation!

"It's Here!"

In less than three minutes, a savage aura charged at Wang Xian!

Faced with this terrifying aura, he didn't feel uncomfortable at all!

"I have to end this battle quickly!"

Wang Xian locked onto the immortal king plant type desolate beast and muttered!

Endless groups of desolate beasts flew over in a mighty manner. They did not think that there would be anyone here to ambush them!

"We're Here!"

"Formation, Rise!"

Wang Xian let out a low growl and the black hole disturbing formation immediately rose up!

This time, the area covered by the formation he set up was not very big. It was only about a thousand kilometers or so. It just happened to cover the immortal King desolate beast within!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

The towering Snake Space Beast was released. Wang Xian immediately unleashed the strength of a Level 3 immortal King!

"Peng!"

The terrifying pressure caused the level 2 immortal king plant-type desolate beast to reveal a look of shock and anger. It immediately turned around and wanted to escape!

"Peng! Peng!"

However, in the next moment, Wang Xian's Dragon Claw grabbed onto his head. The towering snake's body wrapped around its back!

"Surrender!"

Wang Xian's body trembled and the aura belonging to the ancestral tree rushed out immediately!

Bam! Bam! Bam

The branches on his body smacked and he surrendered immediately!

Wang Xian smiled and dripped a drop of the Divine Dragon's blood!

Buzz

The entire process didn't take more than a minute!

"This..."

Even after witnessing Wang Xian's beast taming speed, the Imperial Star Lady was still stunned this time!

This speed was too terrifying!

"Don't worship me so much. I already have a wife!"

Wang Xian took a glance at the Empress Star Lady and teased her in a good mood!

"Scram!"

However, the Empress Star Lady's face turned red as she roared!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian moved his body and immediately deactivated the formation!

When the group of plant-type dire beasts saw their king disappear, they started to Panic!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However, at this moment, a roar came from the back. The group of dire beasts continued to fly forward!

"Eh? This Roar?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked as he looked towards the center of the right!

"It should be an immortal King Level 4!"

His eyes revealed a hint of shock. An Immortal King Level 4 dire beast. With such an existence, who would be able to withstand this area?