Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2459: Under the 2459 Beast Tide

"Regardless of anything else, be it the Beast Tide or the beast riot, this group of desolate beasts can not really be considered as a group!"

"I just need to take this opportunity to capture more immortal king level desolate beasts!"

Wang Xian shifted his gaze away from the level 4 immortal king level battle pet. He hid in the void and observed his surroundings!

"There's more behind us. We need to continue setting up the formation!"

Wang Xian looked further behind. Behind this plant-type dire beast, there was a species of flying beasts!

The leader was a level 1 immortal king level dire beast!

"These are all plant-type dire beasts. If I set up the formation myself, I will be surrounded by these dire beasts. However, it's easy to solve!"

Wang Xian had a thought. The Level 2 immortal King Level Plant-type dire beast that had just been tamed shook its aura. All the dire beasts within a radius of a thousand kilometers immediately made a detour!

Wang Xian smiled and began to set up the formation!

After the formation was set up, Wang Xian continued to wait for the arrival of the dire beasts behind him!

Soon, more than ten minutes later, a group of flying beasts flew over!

Wang Xian looked at the leader of the flying beasts and narrowed his eyes slightly. He hid under the trees and waited!

Buzz

This time, everything went smoothly. When the Flying Beasts flew over, the formation was immediately activated!

This time, it did not take too long to tame it!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

However, this time, after the Flying Beast King disappeared, the entire flying beast race was in complete Chaos!

"Roar Roar!"

On the right, a majestic roar sounded. A huge 5,000-meter-tall desolate beast flew over!

"Not good, that desolate beast is flying over. Dodge!"

Wang Xian did not hesitate and immediately fled into the distance!

"How many desolate beast groups are there? There should be at least dozens of immortal king desolate beasts, right?"

Wang Xian kept his distance from the immortal King Level 4 desolate beast as he observed his surroundings. His face was filled with astonishment as he exclaimed!

Dozens of immortal king desolate beasts were leading their groups!

All the desolate beast families had a total of more than a billion!

Among these billion, the strength of the desolate beasts was not something that the underground sea could compare to!

Furthermore, this was only what Wang Xian could see. Behind him, there was a race of desolate beasts that he could not see!

Wang Xian even doubted if there were more than a hundred immortal king level desolate beasts!

If there were more than a hundred of them, coupled with the level 4 immortal king level desolate beasts, which faction would be able to withstand them?

I should just fish in troubled waters and tame more war pets

Wang Xian thought to himself and immediately flew forward!

The speed of the desolate beast horde was not too fast because it was the entire race. The Immortal King Level Desolate Beast's speed was about the same as that of the Eternal God Lord!

Wang Xian quickly flew to the front and began to set up an array formation to wait for the opportunity!

Needless to say, his actions were very effective. In just an hour, Wang Xian had tamed three more!

From the moment he arrived here, he had tamed twenty immortal King Level Battle Pets!

"Reporting to Alliance leader, a large number of immortal king level desolate beasts are leading their race towards us!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"According to the current detection, there are already fifty immortal king level desolate beasts!"

At this moment, at the edge of the Luo er man desolate beast garden, a steel wall battle weapon was arranged 1,000 km away!

Above the steel wall battle weapon, there were over 10 billion people!

One couldn't see the end, the entire battle line was over 1 billion km long!

At the center, an old man reported to the white bearded old man dressed in blood red clothes!

"50!"

The white bearded old man was the leader of the Iron Blood Alliance, he slightly clenched his fist, his eyes gleaming with a terrifying light!

"How many undying emperor level 4 desolate beasts are there!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader asked Softly!

"Leader, so far we've only found two!"

The old man replied softly!

"We've already resisted the wild expansion of the Luo er man desolate beast garden for over a million years, it seems like we've angered many powerful desolate beasts, however our iron blood alliance isn't that easy to bully!"

"Go and inform the three seniors. This time, we will let the Lorman Desolate Beast Park know how powerful our Iron Blood Alliance is!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader roared in a low voice!

"Yes!"

The elder immediately nodded, his face filled with blood and fighting spirit!

His body moved and he immediately disappeared!

Everyone thought that in this region, the eastern hedge divine dynasty was the strongest faction, the only third-rate faction!

But in the eyes of the Iron Blood Alliance, the eastern border dynasty was nothing more than that!

The world did not know the true strength of the Iron Blood Alliance because they were facing the threat of the terrifying Lorman Desolate Beast Park. Their experts rarely went to other planets!

After hundreds of thousands of years of fighting and accumulation, their strength had long surpassed everyone's imagination!

This time, the Iron Blood Alliance wanted to truly display their strength!

"I never expected that we would encounter a beast tide this time!"

Not far away, an elder and a few youths looked ahead and slightly raised their eyebrows!

"Grandfather, the Iron Blood Alliance has begged us many times to help them resist the Lorman desolate beast garden. Should we help them?"

A youth transmitted his voice to the elder!

"Hehe!"

The elder smiled and shook his head slightly!

Although they were a second-rate faction, it was impossible for them to completely destroy the Lohrman Desolate Beast Park!

And the price of helping to defend it was too high. The other party could not afford to pay such a price!

Hence, this time, their negotiations had broken down!

"If the desolate beast invasion this time causes them to suffer heavy losses, the Iron Blood Alliance might pay an even greater price to invite us to help!"

The old man thought of this and revealed a smile!

"Weng Weng Weng!"

At this time, the old man suddenly saw three figures landing in the middle!

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance bowed respectfully to the three figures!

"HM? This is the Iron Blood Alliance's final trump card? Three undying level 4 warriors, even in a third rate force, they are considered average!"

The old man muttered!

"The Beast Tide has erupted, today's battle, with me invincible, there's no way to survive!"

A roar came from the Iron Blood Alliance leader's mouth, shocking the world!

This Beast Tide was the strongest beast tide in over a million years!

However, the Iron Blood Alliance's strength wasn't something they could compare to over a million years ago!

"With me invincible, there's no way to survive!"

All the Warriors raised the weapons in their hands and let out a roar!

The entire sound spread across the entire starry sky!

This was the history of the war between humans and desolate beasts. In this resplendent starry sky, humans were not the only main characters!

It was the same in the Tianze continent and the Iron Blood Alliance!

"Oh? are these desolate beasts going to attack the territory of the Iron Blood Alliance? Are they going to attack the hundred over planets?"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, was slightly stunned when he heard the roar coming from the edge!