Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2460: 2460 Dragon Palace to assist you

"We are about to reach the edge of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. The immortal king desolate beasts are starting to gather!"

Wang Xian heard the sounds coming from outside. He looked ahead and muttered to himself!

He did not linger on and turned around to fly outside!

However, just as the beast tide erupted in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, an incident that shook the entire planet erupted on East Lake Planet!

East Lake Planet, the only commercial planet amongst the 100,000 human planets!

It was also the only planet with the best security!

The entire planet was guarded by the East Li Undying Dynasty, no one dared to cause trouble here!

However in these two days, an incomparably terrifying assassination case happened!

Within a short two days, over 20,000 people were assassinated on East Lake Planet, the moment this happened, it shook the entire planet!

For a moment, everyone was panicking!

"Peng!"

Within nine Desolation Manor, a chair was thrown onto the ground, instantly turning into dust!

"It's that Dragon King, it must be that Dragon King!"

"He actually killed all of our heavenly tiger sect disciples on East Lake Planet, I want to kill him, kill him!"

An angry roar came from the Heavenly Tiger sect leader. As an undying level 3 god King Warrior, to be able to make him so angry, one could imagine the severity of the matter!

"Kill him, we must kill him. We definitely can't let this go, Kill!"

Beside them, the Sky Beast Group's chairman also roared with a face full of rage and killing intent!

More than twenty days had passed. They all thought that the Dragon King had surrendered and did not dare to be their enemy. However, what they never expected was that last night and today, all of their subordinates on East Lake Planet had been killed!

Not a single one was left alive!

Among them, there were many experts at the peak of the Divine Lord Realm!

The East Lake Planet had their businesses and many of their disciples!

There were also their descendants!

In a short span of more than ten hours, all of them had been killed. Not a single one was left alive!

And the disciples and descendants who had specifically killed them could be imagined. They were from the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

Even though the Heavenly Beast Corporation knew a little about the Dragon King's character, they were extremely furious when they received the news this morning!

His descendants, the elite disciples of the Heavenly Beast Corporation, and hundreds of God lords were all killed!

It must be those two strange creatures!

"Everyone, aren't you going to join hands at this time?"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation glanced at everyone around with bloodshot eyes and growled in a low voice!

"Immediately break into the lair of the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop. Chairman du, you should know where the Dragon Palace's lair is!"

The sect master of the Heavenly Tiger sect directly said to the Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation!

"I know, but I'm not completely confident. Don't make a move for now. We have to kill the leader of the Dragon Palace's Battle Pet Shop, the Dragon King, first, and then destroy all of his subordinates!"

"It's fine if we don't make a move, but once we do, we absolutely can't let the Dragon Palace's pet live anymore!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group growled with a gloomy face, and waves of killing intent shot out from his body!

"How long do we have to wait if we don't make a move now?"

Beside them, more than ten middle-aged elders were furious. They suppressed the anger in their bodies and roared!

Thinking back to more than twenty days ago, they thought that the Dragon King was afraid of them!

Little did they know that they were actually searching for their information and taking crazy revenge on them!

"Buzz!"

Suddenly, as they were talking, figures suddenly appeared!

"Who is it?"

Sensing the fluctuations outside, the group of experts immediately looked over!

"Come and check the situation!"

Outside the hall, five or six figures came uninvited!

They were all dressed in black, when they saw the six of them, the expressions of everyone in the hall changed!

"The leaders of the East Li Undying Dynasty, may I know why you are here?"

The Sky Tiger sect leader's expression changed as he asked!

"Why are you asking even though you know the answer? All the disciples of all your battle pet shops have been assassinated, a total of over 20,000 people, the entire East Lake planet is shaking!"

"Right now many people are questioning the security of our East Lake Planet, as a commercial planet, with such a huge incident happening, we naturally have to investigate!"

The leader of the Enforcers walked straight in, ignoring everyone sitting in the center!

"Speak, what's the exact situation?"

The East Li Undying looked at everyone and asked coldly!

Everyone looked at each other with uncertain expressions!

"Everyone from the East Li Immortal Dynasty has a huge opportunity, I wonder if you are willing to get involved!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group gritted his teeth and suddenly said!

The rest of the people were stunned, their faces filled with shock!

Following which, they fell silent. That Dragon Palace Battle Pet was able to assassinate over 20,000 of their disciples within 10 hours, one could imagine its strength!

Perhaps, in order to have complete confidence in suppressing it, it was time to join forces with a stronger existence!

...

Wang Xian did not know what happened on East Lake Planet!

Wang Xian was not worried about the situation there. Ao Yao and the rest would handle it very well!

When he flew out of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, he immediately saw countless people standing on the steel city wall in front of him!

"This situation is so similar to the Tian Ze continent back then!"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw this scene. He thought of the Tian Ze continent back then! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Back then, the entire human race of the Tian Ze continent was fighting against the sea monsters. It was a life-and-death battle!

In order to protect their homeland!

It was still the same here!

"However, can they defend it? One must know that there are no less than 50 immortal king level desolate beasts invading. The Iron Blood Alliance is weaker than the East Li Immortal Empire!"

"Even the east li immortal empire might not be able to defend. They can!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. Looking at the Warriors there, he felt a little sympathetic!

It was unknown how many people would die in this battle!

"Aunt Ying, the Beast Tide is about to attack. The people here are too pitiful. Help them later!"

"Miss, absolutely not. Once I make a move, others will know that we are here. They will investigate the situation here!"

"Auntie Ying, so what if they're investigating, i..."

"Enough, Miss, I'm a selfish person. I Won't make a move and I won't let you. Don't order me. There are too many humans dying every day in the greater world. There are even human planets being destroyed every day. We Can't save so many. As long as you're safe, that's Enough!"

At this moment, the conversation between Imperial Star Lady and Aunt Ying came from behind!

The conversation ended very quickly!

Wang Xian turned around and glanced at the countless warriors!

His body moved and he flew to the side!

He didn't leave. He wanted to see if the iron blood alliance had the ability to withstand the attack of the Beast Tide!

If it was a one-sided war, he would leave immediately because his ability was limited!

Just as Auntie Ying had said, in this vast world, humans were not the masters of this world. Tens of millions of people died every moment!

Without absolute strength, he could not save too many people!