Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2461: 2461 Dragon Palace will help you

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"All Iron Blood Warriors get ready!"

At the edge of the Luo er man Beast Garden, many undying emperor level beasts let out Earth shaking roars!

Groups of undying emperor level beasts slowly gathered at the very front!

Plant type, bird type, fire law, wind law, Wood Law...

There were a total of 50 undying emperor level beasts leading their race as they stared coldly at the Iron Blood Alliance members ahead!

The Iron Blood Alliance leader stared coldly ahead, there was no fear in his eyes as he roared!

"Howl!"

In front of the Luo er man desolate beast garden, over 10 billion people let out beast like roars!

Their iron blood alliance had fought against the Luo er man desolate beasts for millions of years, facing the Beast Horde army, there was no fear at all!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

At this time, all sorts of desolate beasts slowly flew out of the Luo er man desolate beast garden, floating in the air!

The 50 undying emperor level desolate beasts in the lead didn't hesitate at all, rushing straight ahead!

"Undying emperors, we're going to kill the enemy, Hahaha!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader saw the undying emperor level desolate beasts rushing over, laughing loudly, a berserk law energy surged from his body! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Hahaha, Kill, Kill, kill, let these beasts know how powerful our Iron Blood Alliance is!"

In an instant, many warriors flew into the sky, their gazes locked onto the undying emperor desolate beasts!

"It's been a long time since I've acted!"

The three old men beside the iron blood alliance leader exchanged glances, smiling as they said!

"Then let's kill to our heart's content today!"

An old man's body shook, his terrifying energy pointed at an Undying Level 4 beast!

"Leave the other one to me!"

An elder on the left roared, his body shook, his undying God country appeared behind him!

Invincible Energy was released!

Without any hesitation, he charged at the Beast!

"That seems to be the ancestor of our Iron Blood Alliance, I didn't expect him to be so strong!"

Feeling the terrifying energies of the two elders, all the Iron Blood Alliance disciples looked over, their faces filled with excitement!

"Our Iron Blood Alliance is invincible, Kill!"

The peak god Lord Warriors were all excited when they saw the god King Attack!

In the Sky, 40 undying god King Warriors went up against a group of desolate beasts!

Even if it was an undying god King Level 4 desolate beast, they had an undying god King Level 4 warrior on their side to fight!

This strength, in this region, was invincible!

Even the strongest east border God dynasty that everyone thought of was no match for them!

This made the members of the Iron Blood Alliance filled with pride and excitement, their fighting spirit was high!

"Hong!"

The Undying God King and the Undying God King desolate beast let out a terrifying clash in the sky!

A terrifying explosion, it was the beginning of the battle!

"Kill!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Below, the sounds of battle and desolate beast roars could be heard!

Humans and the Beast Horde were attacking together!

Over 10 billion people, not one bit less than the desolate beasts, however in terms of overall strength, the desolate beasts were much stronger than humans!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"All the Iron Blood Alliance disciples hold on, after we kill this group of undying god King Level Beasts, we will slaughter the rest!"

On the right, an old man defeated 7 to 8 undying emperor level beasts in one blow, his face full of confidence as he roared madly!

"We have 3 undying emperor level 4 ancestors here!"

When everyone saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock and joy!

With one more undying Emperor Level 4 warrior, they could clinch victory in this battle!

"Huh? I didn't expect the Iron Blood Alliance to be so strong!"

From the side, Wang Xian watched the battle from afar. When he saw four level 4 immortal King Warriors appearing in the Iron Blood Alliance, his face was filled with shock!

According to the rankings on the AI, the Iron Blood Alliance was ranked behind the East Li Immortal Empire!

And the East Li Immortal Empire only had one level 4 immortal King!

From the looks of it, the Iron Blood Alliance was much stronger than the East Li Immortal Empire!

Furthermore, the number of immortal kings in the Iron Blood Alliance was more than a dozen more than what was recorded in the AI!

"With three level 4 immortal king, there shouldn't be much of a problem this time!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"It's fine, the Iron Blood Alliance should be able to defend against the Beast Tide this time!"

From the side, Emperor Star Lady let out a sigh of relief when she saw this scene, saying softly!

"It's hard to say?"

Suddenly, Aunt Ying looked into the Luo er man desolate beast garden, frowning!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The moment she finished speaking, roars could be heard from within the Beast Garden!

Following which, over a dozen huge bodies flew over at a terrifying speed!

The leader was still an undying level 4 plant type desolate beast!

It had a body of 20 to 30,000 meters long, its body had a huge savage mouth!

"Shit, there's actually an undying emperor desolate beast, Old Shan, stop him!"

An old man who was fighting against an undying level 4 desolate beast saw over 10 undying emperor desolate beasts flying over, his expression changed and he shouted!

"Damn it!"

The warrior who was fighting against 7 or 8 undying emperor desolate beasts saw this scene and his pupils shrank!

"You guys defend against these, I'll try my best to block this group of desolate beasts!"

The old man roared, his body instantly flew forward to block the 10 or so undying emperor desolate beasts that were flying over!

And in an instant, the Iron Blood Alliance that was originally occupying the upper ground immediately fell into a disadvantage!

"Things have exceeded our expectations, Fight!"

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance who had been commanding all this time stared at the dozen or so undying god King desolate beasts that had suddenly appeared, roaring as he charged into the undying god King Battlefield!

At this time, commanding was useless, what they lacked was high level combat strength!

However, the desolate beasts did not have a one sided suppression on them!

"This is bad. We're in trouble now. The next battle will be very intense!"

Di Xingnu looked at the battlefield in front of them and said with a face full of worry!

"Let's Go!"

Aunt Ying stood at the side and shook her head slightly as she said to Wang Xian!

"There's no need. If you can help, Help!"

Wang Xian shook his head as his gaze swept across the intense battlefield!

On the battlefield ahead, the Iron Blood Alliance was at a disadvantage. However, the gap was not huge!

The battlefield was not one-sided either!

If Wang Xian and the experts from the Dragon Palace made a move, they could totally help them to withstand the beast tide this time!

Most importantly, if the Dragon Palace made a move, the Dragon Palace would be able to obtain a large number of corpses if they won this battle!

These corpses would allow the dragon palace to improve tremendously!

It was totally worth it to make a move!

Buzz

After Wang Xian finished speaking, his entire body trembled as the East Gate of the Dragon Palace appeared behind him!

"Prime Minister Gui, lead the experts of the Dragon Palace and prepare for battle!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"