Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2462: 2462 pushed back

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

On one side of the battlefield, figures walked out from the East Gate of the Dragon Palace!

Ao qitian, Ao Qi, ao Xingmu, Mu Zesen, the Saturn Turtle leader, the dolphin support leader, Mo Sha, Ba Qi...

The leaders of the Dragon Palace led their subordinates out!

The leader was 15 undying god King Level 1 members, behind them were 2,000 pinnacle god Lord members, and 10,000 eternal God Lord Level 5 and above members!

They walked out from the Dragon Palace and exuded a powerful aura!

"Dragon King!"

The group of Dragon Palace members greeted Wang Xian respectfully!

"HMM? Is this his faction? It's not surprising that there are more than 10 immortal king level five and above experts. There are 2,000 peak master God level experts. What a powerful background!"

At the side, Aunt Ying muttered in astonishment when she saw Wang Xian summoning his subordinates all of a sudden!

"This force is indeed not weak!"

Di Xing nu also looked at the members of the Dragon Palace in astonishment. Her heart was slightly shocked!

"Follow me!"

Wang Xian moved his body and led the members of the Dragon Palace towards the direction of the battlefield immediately!

"Members of the iron-blood Alliance, do you need support?"

Wang Xian flew over and asked the experts of the iron-blood alliance indifferently!

"Huh?"

Everyone who was in the midst of the battle was slightly stunned when they saw this scene. Their faces were filled with astonishment!

"It's that expert!"

Elder Gong of the iron-blood alliance glanced at Wang Xian and revealed a look of astonishment in his eyes!

"Thank you, brother, for coming to support us. We, the Iron Blood Alliance, will be eternally grateful to you for getting through this crisis!"

An immortal king level four powerhouse looked over with a look of surprise and joy on his face. He immediately shouted loudly!

"Haha, Alright. However, after this battle, we might need some desolate beast corpses!"

Wang Xian spoke directly!

"This is just a small matter. I wonder which faction you are from!"

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance looked at Wang Xian and the rest and asked excitedly!

"Dragon Palace!"

"Let's fight, Kill!"

As Wang Xian spoke, his body moved and locked onto a few level 1 and 2 immortal king level desolate beasts!

He was here to help. Naturally, the powerful desolate beasts, the Iron Blood Alliance, would deal with them themselves!

For the Iron Blood Alliance to have Wang Xian and the rest suddenly come to help, it was already a huge fortune for them!

"Kill!"

Ao Qi, Tian Ao, and the rest locked onto a level 1 immortal king powerhouse one by one!

The addition of the Dragon Palace instantly eased the pressure on the entire Iron Blood Alliance!

"Kill!"

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace formed a battle formation and charged into the Beast Tide!

"Hiss, they are so strong. Even the weakest one is no weaker than a level 5 eternal Lord!"

"The 2,000 experts at the front are all peak God lords. Haha, with the help of the brothers from the Dragon Palace, we will definitely kill all these beasts this time!"

The members of the iron-blood Alliance were excited when they saw the sudden arrival of reinforcements and the strength of the experts from the Dragon Palace!

There were 2,000 peak God lords. There were not so many peak God lords in the entire iron-blood alliance!

Not to mention, there were more than 10,000 powerful existences above level five of the Eternal Master God Level!

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the powerful strength of the Dragon Palace wasn't weaker than the entire iron-blood Alliance's disciples. In fact, they were even much stronger!

After all, the number of peak-stage master God level experts was placed here!

"Grandpa, it's That Guy!"

On the steel strategic level city wall, there were a few figures who didn't make a move!

Seeing Wang Xian and the rest who suddenly appeared, a young man widened his eyes and said in a low voice with an unsightly expression!

"Yes!"

The old man looked over with a sullen face. His eyes flashed as he scanned the members of the Dragon Palace. His heart was filled with shock!

He wasn't too surprised by the dozen or so immortal King Level 1 powerhouses. However, the 12,000 or so god Lord powerhouses made him extremely shocked!

2,000 peak master God level experts, this was quite a strong foundation!

Buzz

In the sky, Wang Xian stopped the five immortal king level desolate beasts by himself and waved his arm!

The Five Elements Millstone appeared in his hand. At the same time, the five elements millstone trembled slightly and the black hole space disturbing formation was released!

In the next moment, the five immortal king level desolate beasts were sealed within a 2,000 kilometer radius by Wang Xian!

Due to the Beast Horde's attack, even if the group of undyings could feel the threat from Wang Xian, the five undyings still did not escape!

"Alright!"

Seeing the five undyings trapped, his face revealed an excited expression!

"Hiss Hiss!"

With a wave of his arm, the towering snake appeared at the side!

Its huge 10,000 meter body went straight towards the undyings emperor desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At that moment, the undyings emperor desolate beasts roared in fear, wanting to escape!

However, after entering the space of the black hole, it was impossible for them to escape!

Unless the undyings emperor desolate beasts outside broke the array!

"Tame it immediately!"

Wang Xian immediately flew over. With a move of his arm, his huge dragon claws grabbed an immortal king battle pet!

"Submit or Die!"

The suffocating dragon aura immediately pressed down!

Submit or Die!

Soon, in less than three minutes, one of the five immortal king desolate beasts was killed while the other four were tamed!

"Hua La!"

With a wave of his arm, the black hole spatial disturbance formation immediately dissipated!

"Huh? That powerhouse took care of five immortal King Desolate Beasts!"

After the formation disappeared, some of the Iron Blood Alliance's powerhouses were shocked when they saw the five immortal king desolate beasts disappear as well!

There were a total of 63 immortal king desolate beasts, and now, five of them were gone!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with excitement. He immediately controlled his clone to set up a black hole disturbance formation on the five elements mill!

His body moved and attacked a few immortal king level one and level two desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar Roar!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

However, at this moment, an immortal king level three desolate beast escaped the attack of the level four immortal King from the Iron Blood Alliance and immediately attacked Wang Xian!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked over and frowned slightly. His eyes were shining!

"Immortal King Level 3, let's see if there's a chance to tame it. Once I tame it, I'll have enough resources to upgrade myself to the level 8 eternal Lord!"

Wang Xian moved and immediately went up to the level 3 immortal King Desolate Beast!

He had already recalled the towering snake. This way, he could lower the vigilance of the level 3 immortal King Desolate Beast!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Wang Xian and the desolate Beast's laws collided. The terrifying energy spread over 10,000 kilometers!

"Buzz!"

The next moment, the black hole disturbance formation covered the entire area once again!

"Roar Roar!"

However, this time, the moment the formation appeared, it started to collapse. This made Wang Xian's expression turn ugly!

The black hole disturbance formation created by his clone in the five elements big mill was not enough to cover the level 3 immortal king desolate beast, not even for an instant!