Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2463: 2463 retreated

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In front of the Loerman Desolate Beast Park, the rumbling sounds of the battlefield rang out continuously!

An eternal god Lord Level 3 desolate beast locked onto Wang Xian, forcing him to fight it. Once he wanted to escape, the level 3 immortal king desolate beast would attack continuously!

The level of the black hole disturbance formation was too low. It had no effect on it at all. Wang Xian could only give up on taming the immortal King Desolate Beast!

The Battle of the immortal King Desolate Beasts was ongoing in the sky. There were a few more immortal king desolate beasts than humans, but the number was very limited!

In addition to the fact that the iron blood alliance was relatively strong, the situation quickly stabilized!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

At the lower position, the members of the Dragon Palace formed a battle formation and stabbed into the unorganized desolate beast horde like a sharp knife!

With the strength of the Dragon Palace's eternal God Lord Level five and above, unless all the desolate beasts joined forces, they would be completely slaughtered by the members of the Dragon Palace!

All the members formed a battle formation, and every second, hundreds of thousands of desolate beasts died at their hands!

As always, even if they encountered a peak God lord sea monster, they would be easily killed by their attacks!

One could clearly see that there was not a single desolate beast within a thousand kilometer radius of the Dragon Palace's ten thousand plus members!

And all the members of the Dragon Palace swept across the entire battlefield at a terrifying speed!

"What faction is this Dragon Palace? So strong, it's simply too strong!"

"Haha, I never thought that there would be other factions coming to help us at this time. This time, we have to thank the Dragon Palace. If not for them, we would have lost at least billions of people this time!"

"Right, hahaha, many thanks to the brothers of the Dragon Palace, we shall kill, victory belongs to US humans!"

Everyone from the Iron Blood Alliance saw the Dragon Palace's indomitable and invincible aura, their faces filled with excitement!

The entire Beast Tide was completely out of formation under the onslaught of the Dragon Palace members, if the Iron Blood Alliance were to fight alone, without the help of the undying emperor, their tens of billions of people would at least lose billions!

And with the members of the Dragon Palace, their losses would be reduced by 90% , or even more!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The slaughter below was like a river, corpses floated in the space!

The attacking desolate beasts did not dare to escape without the orders of the Undying God King. They roared with all their might, all sorts of law energies fluctuating!

God level existences were like cannon fodder in this battlefield. The moment they were unlucky, they would be instantly killed!

"Poison Mist Arrow Rain, Fire!"

At this moment, Ba Qi, who was fighting against an undying god King desolate beast, glanced at the area below and roared loudly with a sinister smile!

"Fire!"

At the back of the Dragon Palace's 12,000 troops, the Heaven Eye Arrow Division members took out special arrows!

With their strength, they could use laws to form arrows!

And this special arrow was specially researched by the poison making division!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

At the next moment, black arrows charged into the desolate beast horde!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Following that, an intense sound was heard as black poisonous fog shot out in all directions!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The desolate beasts'terrified roars sounded as large swaths of desolate beasts died!

"Hiss!"

In the surroundings, everyone from the iron blood alliance was filled with shock when they saw this scene!

An arrow could destroy all the desolate beasts within a thousand kilometer radius!

One arrow could destroy millions of desolate beasts!

There were close to a thousand arrows and hundreds of millions of desolate beasts were instantly killed!

"Keke Keke, not bad, not bad!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha laughed maniacally in satisfaction!

This arrow was made by using the poison of the immortal king desolate beast and adding other materials!

Even a peak god Lord expert would be seriously injured if he was contaminated by too much poison mist!

Furthermore, this kind of poison mist was able to penetrate the law barrier. It was extremely strange!

"HM?"

Wang Xian looked down and smiled!

This attack from the Dragon Palace had killed a fifth of the desolate beasts!

Now that the battle had lasted for fifteen minutes, the number of desolate beasts that had died at the hands of the Dragon Palace had reached around two billion!

The entire Beast Tide only numbered four to five billion!

"Haha, Good, Good!"

The experts from the Iron Blood Alliance revealed an extremely excited expression when they saw this scene. They could not help but laugh maniacally!

"Kill!"

Everyone was filled with fighting spirit as they roared with excitement!

Above them was a battle that belonged to the godly monarch. As the difference in strength was not huge, it would take at least a few hours or even days to determine the victor!

Below them, there were members of the Dragon Palace. It was a one-sided massacre!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When the poison arrow killed hundreds of millions of desolate beasts, all the desolate beasts began to Panic!

As a result, twenty minutes later, the pressure of the desolate beast kings began to flee!

As the first desolate beast fled, more and more desolate beasts began to flee!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the sky, the undying god King desolate beast saw this scene and his face was filled with a berserk aura!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Weng Weng Weng!"

"Ao ao ao ao!"

However, following the three roars of the undying god King Level 4 desolate beasts, all the desolate beasts immediately fled towards the Loerman Desolate Beast Park!

The undying level 4 desolate beasts turned and flew into the desolate Beast Park, no longer fighting!

"Hahaha, beasts, aren't you just going back with your tails between your legs!"

The Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance saw this and shouted happily!

The moment the undying level 4 desolate beasts left, the Iron Blood Alliance did not stop them!

They knew that they could not leave this group of undying level 4 desolate beasts behind!

"We won, we won, hahaha!"

Soon, excited shouts came from below!

When Wang Xian saw the desolate beasts retreating, he stopped as well. The members of the Dragon Palace also stopped!

"I didn't expect that this bastard is not bad!"

Emperor Star Lady looked at the figure hovering in front of the experts from the Dragon Palace and said softly!

"That's not right. Humph, this fellow might have made a move to capture the desolate beasts!"

However, she quickly shook her head and smirked!

Buzz

At this moment, seven to eight immortal kings from the iron-blood alliance flew towards Wang Xian!

The leader of the iron-blood Alliance and the three immortal King level four powerhouses had all arrived!

"Thank you for your help, Dragon Palace. Our iron-blood alliance is extremely grateful!"

An immortal king level four powerhouse came over and cupped his hands in gratitude towards Wang Xian!

"You're welcome. We're all humans. It was nothing!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said with a smile!

"If not for the powerhouses from the Dragon Palace, our Iron Blood Alliance would have suffered a great loss this time. Your help saved countless of us!"

The powerhouse shook his head and thanked him again!

"You really don't have to be so polite. I'll take all the desolate beast corpses here as a reward!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to them!

"Alright, Alright. Most of the desolate beasts were killed by the powerhouses of Your Dragon Palace. Of course, there's no problem!"

The powerhouses of the Iron Blood Alliance did not have any objections and said hurriedly!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels