Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2464: 2464 was pleasantly surprised

The outbreak of the Beast Tide this time had exceeded the expectations of the Iron Blood Alliance!

According to their information, they had only confirmed that there were 50 immortal king level desolate beasts. They did not expect that there would be more than 10 of them later!

If it were not for the sudden appearance of the Dragon Palace powerhouses, the Iron Blood Alliance would definitely suffer heavy casualties this time!

Even a few immortal king level desolate beasts would perish!

To Wang Xian and the rest, the Iron Blood Alliance was truly grateful!

"Put away all the corpses and prepare to return!"

Wang Xian looked down and ordered all the experts from the Dragon Palace!

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace replied immediately!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace?"

Upon hearing the address of the members of the Dragon Palace, some of the experts muttered!

"Dragon King, are you the owner of the Dragon Palace's Battle Pet Shop?"

An elder asked Wang Xian in astonishment!

"Yes. If you wish to purchase a pet, you can come and look for me!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Brother Dragon King, you have done me such a great favor. Why Don't you stay here for a few more days? We will treat you well!"

An eternal lord level four powerhouse spoke up!

"There's no need. I still have some matters to attend to, so I won't stay here any longer!"

Wang Xian shook his head.

Helping them was firstly because he felt that they were both humans, so he would help them if he could. Secondly, it was because of the corpses of the desolate beasts!

Wang Xian didn't mind the gratitude of the other party!

"Then we won't keep you here any longer. After a period of time, we will personally visit the Dragon King!"

"In the future, if the Dragon King needs any help, just let him know. Our Iron Blood Alliance will not decline!"

An immortal King Level 4 powerhouse solemnly promised!

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head!

"This... Senior Dragon King, we did a good job not long ago. Please forgive us!"

At this moment, elder Gong walked in from the back and bowed to Wang Xian apologetically!

"It's Alright, I didn't take it to heart!"

Wang Xian waved his hand!

"Eh? Little Gong, what's going on?"

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance frowned as he looked at elder gong and asked!

The rest of the powerhouses also looked at him!

"Leader, when I brought the people from the Raging Flame Immortal dynasty, the Dragon King might have been capturing the desolate beasts. At that time, they broke the array set up by the Dragon King and had some conflicts!"

Elder Gong said bitterly as he glanced at the few figures below!

"HM?"

The Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance frowned!

Their eyes gleamed as they looked at the people of the Flame Undying Empire below!

They had invited them over mainly to seek the help of the Flame Undying Empire!

However, the other side didn't reply, looking at the situation, they weren't going to attack!

Especially with the Beast Tide earlier, the other side didn't even attack!

In comparison, the Inferno Immortal dynasty was inferior to the help of the Dragon Palace!

"Alright, everyone, I'm leaving!"

Wang Xian didn't stay for long. When he saw the members of the Dragon Palace putting away the corpses, he said goodbye to them and left immediately!

"This Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is a good person!"

"Yeah, it's all thanks to them this time!"

The people from the Iron Blood Alliance looked over and sighed!

If they wanted to invite so many powerhouses to help them resist the beast tide, the price they would have to pay would be extremely terrifying!

Furthermore, they could not invite such a powerful powerhouse!

The group of powerhouses looked at Wang Xian's figure and then looked at the people from the Inferno Immortal dynasty. They shook their heads slightly!

"Let's go back. We got a good harvest this time!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with an excited smile as he spoke to the Imperial Star Lady who was hiding in the crack in the Void!

This time, the Immortal King War Pet had obtained 24 war pets and one corpse!

Among the 24 war pets, three of them were immortal king level rank 2!

Other than that, there were also a large number of corpses. Among these corpses, there were at least 700 to 800 at the peak of the Master God Level!

There were also many others!

With just these gains, it might not be enough to increase Wang Xian's strength. However, if all of them were used to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace, at least 100 more immortal king level members would be added!

There might even be more. Furthermore, this time, one or two members of the Dragon Palace would be able to reach the immortal king level!

By then, the Dragon Palace would at least be able to increase the combat strength of one or two immortal king level level four immortal kings!

The Imperial Star Lady looked at the smug Wang Xian and curled her lips. She did not say a word!

Following that, Wang Xian quickly flew towards the teleportation formation of the Iron Blood Alliance! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

At the teleportation formation, everyone looked at Wang Xian with respect and gratitude as he left!

Buzz Buzz

Just as he was teleported back to Planet Dongchi, Prime Minister Gui sent him a piece of news!

It was a very good piece of news!

Ao he and the rest had captured more than 3,000 eternal god Lord level desolate beasts alive during the mission period!

Among them, there were more than 20 peak god Lord level desolate beasts!

This made Wang Xian overjoyed!

More than 3,000 eternal god Lord level desolate beasts, along with the 24 immortal god King level desolate beasts in his hands!

He could hold a large-scale sale of Dragon Palace Battle Pets!

As long as he took out so many battle pets at once, in the future, this region and over 100,000 life planets would know how powerful the Dragon Palace Pet Shop was!

"Immediately get ao he to send all the desolate beasts over and send some dragon guards over!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui!

With so many battle pets in his possession, he was prepared to hold a large-scale pet sales event!

It would also completely establish the invincible status of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

In the future, the first thing he would think of when he wanted to buy war pets in the entire region was the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!

"It's time to start preparing!"

He muttered and immediately walked towards the manor!

"I wonder how things are going with Ao Yao!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

After this pet auction, all the other pet shops and forces would know how terrifying the Dragon Palace was!

Buzz

"The Dragon King has returned. When are we going to make our move?"

However, what Wang Xian didn't know was that the moment he came out of the teleportation formation, this message was transmitted to him from the Jiuhuang Manor!

The experts from the forces who received the message immediately came to the main hall!

"I think we can make our move now and use all of our strength to capture him!"

The sect master of the Heavenly Tiger sect roared in a tyrannical manner!

"I agree. capture him directly, capture the Dragon King, and destroy his Dragon Palace!"

"I agree too!"

The leaders of the powerful factions beside him immediately roared!

Now, all of them hated the Dragon King to the bone!

With so many disciples killed, they wanted to take revenge immediately!

"HM? Here's another news, the AI's Dragon Palace Pet Shop has announced that there will be a large scale pet sale in 10 days, there will be large amounts of undying Emperor Pets for Sale!"

"Also, there are thousands of eternal god Lord Level Pets for Sale!"

Just as all the leaders were about to act, a middle aged man suddenly received a message and immediately said!

"What? Selling a large number of undying god King warpets and a few thousand eternal God Lord Warpets?"

Everyone was shocked when they heard this message!

"A large number of undying god King warpets and a few thousand eternal God Lord warpets, shouldn't our plans be changed!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation roared with his eyes filled with passion and greed!