Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2465: At the 2465 battle pets sale

"Then how did the Dragon Palace get so many undying god King battle pets so quickly? and the thousands of eternal God Lord Battle Pets, it's only been a month!"

Within the nine Desolation Manor, the Beast Taming Grandmaster forces were all shocked at the news, their eyes filled with greed and passion!

"I think Chairman du is right. We Can Wait a little longer!"

The eyes of the Hall Master of the Thousand Beast Hall flashed as he agreed!

The rest of the group pondered for a moment before nodding their heads!

"Since the battle pets of the Dragon Palace are set for ten days later, how about we make our move in ten days?"

The Heaven Beast Group's chairman swept his gaze across the crowd and said indifferently!

"Ten days later? That's a good day, but if we make a move in ten days, then the commotion might be quite big!"

The Heavenly Tiger Sect's sect master frowned slightly!

If they made a move now, the commotion wouldn't be very big. However, if they made a move in ten days, then the commotion would alarm the entire eastern pond planet and cause a great disturbance!

"Weng!"

"We want 70% of the battle pets. When the time comes, you can make a move directly. If there's a commotion, we'll take care of it!"

Just as the Heavenly Tiger Sect's sect master finished speaking, an old man appeared beside him!

"Oh? is 70% too much?"

When everyone saw the old man appear, their expressions changed slightly as they frowned and said!

"Not much. When the time comes, we'll cooperate with all of you. After ten days, buy the battle pets first and don't let them out to fight!"

The old man shook his head indifferently. His gaze swept over everyone as he spoke without any doubts!

"That's good. However, I hope that you can provide us with some weapons that can destroy the immortal god King's weapons!"

"Ten days later, the Dragon Palace will definitely have many immortal god King experts guarding that place!"

The various powers of the Heaven Beast Corporation looked at each other and said in a deep voice!

"Alright!"

The elder nodded slightly and agreed!

"That's good. This time, everyone, don't hold back. Everyone has seen the other party's beast taming ability. If we can't destroy him this time, don't even think about it in the future!"

"Furthermore, once he escapes, we will face an extremely terrifying problem!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation said solemnly to everyone around him!

"Don't worry, we know!"

The rest nodded!

They were 100% sure that the Dragon Palace's strength was not as strong as their combined strength!

However, that group of battle pets was a huge problem!

This so-called Dragon Palace battle pet auction, the number of undying god King battle pets might not be lower than last time!

Last time, there were a total of 20,20 undying god King battle pets, it would bring them a huge problem! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Hence, they had to be 100% confident about the Dragon Palace!

...

"The Dragon Palace Pet Shop actually announced a dragon palace pet sale in 10 days, thousands of eternal god Lord level pets, large amounts of undyings, this... is crazy!"

"Didn't all the pets in the dragon palace pet shop just sell out not long ago? It's only been a month and they're selling in large amounts again?"

"I'm guessing how many undyings are there? The last time the Dragon Palace Pet Shop sold a total of 20 undyings, isn't it lower than 20 this time?"

"Isn't this too crazy? This time I have to go and take a look!"

"Let's go together, the pets in the dragon palace pet shop are so affordable, I have to buy one this time!"

And at this time, on the AI, when everyone saw the information released by the Dragon Palace Pet Shop, it caused a huge commotion!

The last time the Dragon Palace Pet Shop sold 20 undyings, it had already shocked over 100,000 planets!

After over a month, large amounts of pets were sold again, especially the eternal god Lord level ones that reached a few thousand!

This was simply a feast for war pets!

The undying God King War Pets that hadn't appeared once in a few decades or a hundred years were now being sold in the tens to twenty, it was too crazy!

Regarding the Dragon Palace War Pets'strength, everyone was shocked!

This also made many people pleasantly surprised!

The Dragon Palace War Pets Shop's war pets were cheaper, this time they might be able to get a decent mount!

Many people were preparing to attend the Dragon Palace's pet sale!

"Young master, this is the information about the Stargirl and the young man!"

On a planet in the center of the Imperial Star Field, a middle-aged man walked to a young man respectfully and handed him a file!

"Oh? Let me have a look!"

The young man took the file without paying too much attention to it!

"HM?"

However, when he saw the information, he immediately frowned!

"That youth is actually an undying emperor, and a leader of a 3rd rate force!"

"A 3rd rate force isn't worth mentioning, but a powerful Beast Tamer Grandmaster, selling dozens of undying Emperor Warpets?"

The youth's expression became serious, gently knocking on the table!

"Could it be that little sister wants to recruit that young man's faction? No wonder she would run to that remote place!"

"A third-rate faction. There are some things that are not something that you can get involved in!"

The young man mumbled as he took out his AI to check. After that, he found a name and sent some messages!

...

"The response is not bad. Once this batch of war pets is sold, the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop will be far from being comparable to other shops!"

In the Lakeside Manor on East Lake Planet, Wang Xian looked at the information on the AI with a smile on his face!

"Has the Heaven Beast Group, Heaven Tiger Sect, and the Thousand Beast Hall responded yet?"

Wang Xian looked at Ao Yao in front of him and asked him!

"Dragon King, they haven't responded yet. However, they often gather together. I don't think they will let this matter rest!"

Ao Yao said!

"They won't give up? That's Good!"

Wang Xian smiled coldly. After all the battle pets were sold this time, the Dragon Palace would be able to increase the combat strength of two Immortal King Level Four Immortal Kings!

At that time, he would play with them!

"Boss Wang, I'm here, I'm here, Hahaha!"

At this moment, the voice of invincible battle technique suddenly sounded from outside!

Upon hearing this sound, Wang Xian smiled!

When he first arrived at East Lake Planet, he informed invincible battle technique to come over!

The last time he was captured, Wang Xian was prepared to help him tame an immortal King Level 2 Battle Pet!

Other Beast Tamer Grandmasters would never dare to help a weakling tame a powerful battle pet because they were afraid that the battle pet would kill its Master!

However, as long as Wang Xian helped invincible battle technique, he could also order an immortal King Level 2 Battle Pet!

When invincible in battle techniques received the news from Wang Xian, he was so excited that he immediately dashed towards East Lake Planet!

Very soon, Wang Xian saw invincible in battle techniques, whose face was flushed with excitement and his eyes were glowing!