Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2466: At the 2466 battle pet sale

"Boss Wang, let me take a look at my battle pet. Let me take a look!"

In the manor, invincible battle technique was about to hug Wang Xian's thigh as he shouted excitedly!

"Don't worry, I want to rest. I'll help you tame it tomorrow!"

Wang Xian looked at his burning gaze and kicked his body that was about to kneel down!

"Alright, Alright, Alright. There's no rush. I'm not in a rush either. hehehe!"

Invincible smiled as he stood up, rubbing his hands, his face filled with excitement!

An undying Emperor Level 2 battle pet, even though he had a level 2 cub in his hands, it would take at least a few thousand years to nurture it!

Giving him an undying emperor level 2 battle pet right now, that was simply too satisfying!

In the entire Overlord sect, only his teacher had undying emperor level 3 strength, with his battle pet, he was simply the number one person below his teacher!

Not to mention in the Overlord sect, in this region in the future, among the hundreds of thousands of human planets, who would dare to provoke him when they were of the same level?

Even if it was those powerful factions, they would still attach great importance to him. Even a level 1 immortal king was slightly shorter in front of him!

How could he not be excited when he was invincible in battle techniques?

"Come and look for me tomorrow morning!"

Wang Xian said to him and walked towards the room!

"Alright, Alright, Alright Boss!"

Invincible battle technique immediately nodded his head!

"Little Brothers, come and see me one by one tomorrow!"

Seeing Wang Xian's figure disappear, invincible battle technique immediately took out his AI and spoke directly in a group chat. He even tagged everyone!

"? ? ? ? Invincible battle technique, are you overconfident? Call Me Little Brother?"

"You deserve to be kidnapped. The last time, you lost an arm. The next time, it will definitely be your third leg!"

"You punk, you're just slightly stronger than us, our background isn't weaker than yours, don't Get Cocky, your battle technique is only second to none!"

Very quickly, the disciples with extraordinary backgrounds within the group all unhappily replied!

"Ai, Boss Wang Got Me an undying Emperor Level 2 battle pet, I originally wanted to let you bunch of underlings who haven't seen the world see it, since that's the case, forget it!"

Invincible smiled and sent a line of text!

"F * ck!"

"F * ck!"

"F * ck, Invincible Boss, please accept my knees!"

"Invincible, are you the son of the Dragon King?"

"Tomorrow, I will visit invincible boss. Please give me some face!"

Soon, the entire group was in an uproar. Invincible was in a good mood as he walked into his room!

The next morning, invincible battle technique was waiting for Wang Xian to come out early!

"Let's go. I have three pets here. You can choose one from them!"

Wang Xian said to him calmly!

"Alright, Alright, Alright boss. I heard that boss is going to hold a dragon palace pet sale. Is there anything I can help you with?"

Invincible battle technique said with a smile!

"There is indeed a little!"

"The location of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop is a little small. You can find a bigger place or a square!"

Wang Xian said to him!

"Don't worry, boss Wang. Just leave this small matter to me!"

Invincible battle technique patted his chest!

"Let's go. It might take some time to help you tame your pet. After all, you are too weak and your pet is too strong!"

Wang Xian spoke to him and went to the courtyard by the lake. He summoned his mount to help him tame it!

"Dragon King!"

Before he could completely tame it, ao crab returned from the Dragon Palace!

"Have you brought all the desolate beasts?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked!

"Dragon King, I've brought all of them!"

Ao crab replied immediately!

"Alright, you shall stay here this time!"

Wang Xian instructed ao crab!

The Heaven Beast Organization, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heaven Tiger Sect, and the other battle pets might not have given up yet. He had to take some precautions!

Even if East Lake planet was extremely safe, he had to make some preparations!

It was enough for Ao crab to stay here!

There were six devouring dragons in ao crab's body that had already advanced to the immortal king level. In other words, there were a total of seven immortal King Level 3 battle strength!

With such battle strength, even if all the forces of the Heaven Beast Corporation came over, they would not be a match for ao crab and the others!

Furthermore, there were Ao Yao, Ao Jian, and the others here! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Of course, all of this was just a precaution. On the East Lake Planet, they did not dare to be so unbridled!

In the afternoon, Wang Xian helped invincible battle tamed the level 2 undying godly monarch warpet. Following that, he began to tame the desolate beasts that ao crab brought!

There were more than 3,000 eternal god Lord level desolate beasts. This was also to prepare for the sale of the WARPET after nine days!

Nine days was enough for him to completely tame it!

If other Beast Tamers knew about this, they would not dare to believe it!

This was because even an immortal god Lord Level Beast Tamer would need more than ten days to tame an eternal god Lord Level Warpet. The stronger the beast, the longer it would take to tame it!

For a peak god-level battle pet, it would take a few months or even a year!

This was because they had to slowly nurture their battle pets to get rid of their wildness and make them obey their orders!

Wang Xian didn't need to do this!

From today onwards, Wang Xian began to tame a god-level battle pet!

Wang Xian left the matters of the battle pet sales fair to his invincible battle skills!

This fellow was now claiming to be the external manager of the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop. He was leading a group of his underlings to organize the battle pet sales fair!

Don't underestimate this group of second-generation heirs. Each of them had a considerable background!

Even on Planet Dongchi, they had a considerable influence!

The Dragon Palace's war pet sales event was getting closer and closer, and the location of the sales event had been confirmed!

Considering that there would be a lot of people coming, the venue was slightly more remote. It was at the foot of a mountain range!

Everything was ready. They were just waiting for Wang Xian to bring his battle pet over!

"Boss Wang, everything is settled. We just need to bring the battle pet over!"

On the ninth day, invincible in battle techniques came to the manor and said to Wang Xian!

"Okay, let's go and take a look!"

Wang Xian nodded. Under invincible in battle techniques's lead, they headed towards the sales venue!

It wasn't too far from the manor. They could reach it in less than ten minutes!

When they arrived at the foot of the mountain range, Wang Xian saw a huge square!

There were more than 3,000 cages in the square!

In the middle of the square were 23 huge cages. The entire square was magnificent!

"Dragon King!"

In the square, dozens of young men stood there. When they saw Wang Xian, they immediately greeted him respectfully!

"Yes, thank you, everyone!"

Wang Xian nodded at them. Then, he looked at invincible battle technique and said, "I'll give you ten battle pets of the Eternal God as a gift!"

"Hehe, thank you, boss Wang!"

Invincible battle technique nodded immediately!

When the dozens of young men and women heard Wang Xian's words, they immediately stared at invincible battle technique passionately. There were also a few girls who winked at him!

Wang Xian smiled and immediately released his war pets one by one and ordered them to enter the cage!