Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2467: 2,467 -- life and Death: 1

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Early in the morning, a roar seemed to tear open the sky as red sunlight shined on the horizon!

Azure mountain range, the largest mountain range on the East Lake Planet, stretched for tens of millions of kilometers!

In a corner of the Azure mountain range, more than three thousand war pets were lying quietly in their cages, roaring softly!

In the middle of the cage were twenty-three desolate beasts with terrifying auras crawling inside!

Any one of these dire beasts had the ability to destroy the world. It was an easy feat to destroy a planet!

Wang Xian, Ao he, and Ao Jian stood in the middle and looked around with smiles on their faces!

"Boss Wang, it's about time. I've sent someone in!"

Invincible battle technique led a group of underlings as waiters and ran over with smiles on their faces!

"Sure!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Let them through!"

He immediately shouted!

The railings at the entrance disappeared!

"Oh my God, this is too shocking. There are so many war pets. There are at least two to three thousand of them!"!

"This... this aura is too terrifying. My god-level strength actually wants to lie on the ground!"

"Look at the center. There are more than twenty huge cages. All of them are immortal god-level war pets!"!

"Over 3,000 god Lord Level Battle Pets, this is simply too luxurious, look at the back, all of them are Pinnacle God lords, over 100 right?"

Many people rushed into the entrance, when they saw the battle pets, they were all stunned, their faces filled with shock!

This was the true battle pet feast, it was indeed the Dragon Palace battle pet sales!

After 10 days of publicity, almost everyone knew about the Dragon Palace battle pet shop's sales today!

However, to enter, one had to either have the strength of an undying God Emperor, or have enough pills or desolate beast corpses!

Even God stones were useless!

However, even so, there were still hundreds of thousands of people who managed to enter!

It was fortunate that the square was huge!

Many people immediately headed towards the center!

There, were 23 undying emperor battle pets, many people had never seen an undying emperor battle pet in their entire lives!

"23 undying Emperor Battle Pets, 2 undying Emperor Level 2, about 100 Pinnacle God lords, the rest are all high level ones at the god Lord Level!"

At the entrance, a group of people walked in, everyone looked at them respectfully!

The group was led by 2 old men, 2 old men, they were all undying Emperor Level 3, they were all dressed in uniform, their bodies filled with nobility and pride!

A middle aged man said softly to the 2 Old Men!

"It's truly heaven defying!"

Even the two undying level 3 warriors were shocked as they scanned the group of battle pets!

"If these battle pets belong to us, then our East Li Undying Empire's strength will receive a huge boost!"

An old man muttered!

"Let's go, we'll buy them all!"

An old man said indifferently!

Behind them, a group of young men and women followed, looking around proudly! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

They were the divine sons and goddesses of the East Li Immortal dynasty!

The group of people walked forward until they reached the center!

Around them, some people immediately made way!

"Boss Wang, that's the people from the East Li Immortal Dynasty!"

In the center, Invincible battle technique whispered to Wang Xian!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian looked at the dozens of them and nodded his head lightly!

The East Li Immortal dynasty was widely recognized as the strongest in this region. They had a level 4 immortal King!

However, in Wang Xian's opinion, their strength could not be compared to the Iron Blood Alliance!

The Iron Blood Alliance's foundation and strength were much stronger than the East Li Immortal dynasty!

"Grand ancestor, that young man is the Dragon King, the owner of the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop!"

While invincible battle technique was introducing Wang Xian, the people from the East Li Immortal dynasty were also introducing the two old men!

They looked over, and their eyes were shining!

Such a young man, did he consume some godly medicine?

"Twenty-three War Pets!"

Soon, they shifted their gaze and looked at the twenty-three war pets carefully!

"Dragon King, right? Our East Li Immortal Dynasty bought 13 war pets. Among them, we want the two level 2 immortal King War Pets!"

An old man looked at all the war pets and said to Wang Xian directly!

"Huh?"

His words stunned Wang Xian slightly. Buying 13 war pets directly was a huge sum of money!

Furthermore, there were two level 2 immortal King War Pets among them!

"Sure!"

However, Wang Xian quickly nodded his head. The more he bought, the better!

The last time, the only level 2 immortal king level battle pet was bought by the powerhouses from the East Li Immortal Empire!

One had to admit that they were really rich!

"HMM, we want to take it away now. Is that Alright?"

The old man smiled and said again!

"Take it away now? Don't you need my help to tame it?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback as he looked at them in astonishment!

"There's no need. As long as the Dragon King hands over their immortal empire to us, we will be fine. Our East Li Immortal Empire has a Beast Tamer Grandmaster, and we are prepared to take this opportunity to nurture other Beast Tamers!"

The old man shook his head and said!

"Alright, but the price remains unchanged!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. If he didn't help to tame it, it would save him a lot of time!

"Of course, this is a god Stone!"

As the old man spoke, he handed Wang Xian an interspatial ring!

"I'm sorry, everyone. We only need elixirs and desolate beast corpses for this sale!"

Wang Xian looked at the god stone inside and shook his head!

"What's the difference between a god stone and a desolate beast corpse? Our East Li Immortal dynasty will give it to you..."

"Cough Cough, watch the situation and speak. You might not have the right to do so!"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, a young man was stunned for a moment before he opened his mouth immediately!

However, before he could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by invincible battle technique!

He stared at the young man indifferently with a mocking expression!

Do you have the right to interrupt when the immortal King Speaks?

"You..."

The young man was stunned for a moment before his expression changed and he stopped talking immediately!

"Sure, give us some time!"

The people from the east li immortal dynasty frowned and said!

"Alright, you guys can choose first. I'll keep them for you!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Hiss, this east li immortal dynasty is way too rich, buying 13 Immortal King War Pets directly!"

"Impressive, as expected of the East Li Immortal dynasty. It's too strong, buying over 10 of them directly!"

"This undying Emperor Battle Pet's sales speed is too fast, just 13 of them?"

Everyone around saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock!

"Get Someone to prepare some pills or desolate beast corpses, if not, find another organization to buy them!"

The East Li Undying Dynasty members stood at the side, the two ancestors immediately ordered!