Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2468: 2,468 battles, life and Death 2

"Great ancestor, this Dragon Palace doesn't give us any face at all, God stones and pills are common currency, they actually let us exchange for them ourselves!"

"And when we arrived, they didn't even greet us!"

Within the plaza, a group of people from the East Li Undying Dynasty stood at one side, waiting for the exchange of resources. The God son who had just been mentioned by invincible battle technique had an ugly expression!

"Don't bother with them, it's a free gift!"

A supreme elder was in a good mood, laughing as he said!

"That's true!"

The god son nodded slightly, his lips curled up, his gaze looking at invincible, his eyes filled with coldness!

Even though he didn't have the right to interrupt, when I speak, you don't have the right to interrupt either!

"Everyone look, there are over 3,000 eternal God War Pets, there are over 100 Pinnacle God Lords!"

"There are 23 undyings here, the East Li Undying Dynasty bought 13 of them, that's 13 of them, no wonder they are the strongest beings in our region!"

At this time, a voice resounded from the side!

The Dragon Palace pet auction, even though most of the people didn't have the right to enter, in order to promote the Dragon Palace Pet Shop, invincible had specially gathered people to broadcast here!

Through the AI, everyone could see about the auction!

The East Li Undying dynasty buying 13 of them shocked everyone!

However regarding the Dragon Palace's strength, everyone was shocked!

The entire store was bustling with activity. Some people were looking at the war pets, while others were shouting excitedly to buy this one!

This made the store extremely noisy!

Those who didn't know about it would think that they were selling cabbages here!

When they encountered so many war pets, even those with the most expensive statuses couldn't help but cry out in shock!

The surrounding invincible combat masters were helping to manage the store, and some people were paying a deposit!

All the battle pets were being sold at a terrifying speed!

"Eh, that's? Those are the people from the Heavenly Beast Group, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heavenly Tiger Sect, and the other Beast Tamers!"

"Not long ago, their disciples were assassinated, and it seems that many people died!"

"These days, the people are still in a panic. They haven't found the murderer yet. What are they doing here?"

"They are also selling war pets. Are they here to buy war pets from the Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop? No Way!"

"It will be interesting if they really buy them. It means that they admit that they are inferior to the Dragon Palace's War Pets!"

All of a sudden, a small commotion was heard at the entrance!

Some people looked over with surprise!

Before the arrival of the Dragon Palace's War Pets, the Heaven Beast Corporation dominated the market for war pets!

However, with the appearance of the Dragon Palace's war pets and the relatively cheap price, no one went to their place to buy war pets anymore!

At the moment, they did not lower the price!

Seeing their arrival, many people were filled with curiosity and surprise!

If they were really here to purchase war pets, it would be interesting!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian saw a group of familiar figures in front of him and raised his eyebrows slightly!

"These darn guys, what are they here for?"

Invincible battle technique looked at the group of people and said while gritting his teeth!

He was tricked by this group of people the last time. Although they didn't do it personally, it was their order!

"I don't know!"

Wang Xian glanced at them and didn't take them seriously!

If they really dared to cause trouble, he wouldn't take them seriously even if the east li immortal dynasty didn't care!

The Dragon Clan of the Dragon Palace's Devouring Dragon Clan was here!

"Hey, Hey, hey, everyone, are you here to buy battle pets? hahaha!"

At this moment, invincible battle technique saw them walking over and said frivolously!

Recently, invincible battle technique had been a little inflated. There was nothing he could do about it. He had a level two immortal king battle pet, so he dared to speak in such a provocative manner when faced with the people from the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"Huh?"

When the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation and another type of powerhouse heard invincible battle technique's words, they glanced at him with a gloomy expression!

"Dragon King, are all your subordinates so insensible?"

The sect leader of the Heavenly Tiger sect looked at Wang Xian coldly and growled in a low voice!

"Hehe, it depends on who is the right person!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

"Hehe!"

Invincible in battle couldn't help but laugh when he heard Wang Xian's words!

"What are your peers doing here? Are you here to buy battle pets? Haha, you can also buy battle pets, but don't think of selling them at a high price after you buy them!"

He stared at the crowd and continued to speak in a frivolous tone!

When the experts on the other side heard the invincible provocation, their faces changed drastically and their expressions turned cold!

At the side, the people who were doing the live broadcast aimed this scene at this place!

This caused everyone to be shocked!

Did the Heavenly Beast Corporation come here to look for a slap in the face?

"Dragon King, we are indeed here to buy war pets. Why? Aren't we selling them?"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation clenched his fists tightly and growled in a low voice.

"Of course we are selling it. As long as you buy it, I will sell it. It's just that it's a little strange that so many Beast Tamer grandmasters are here to buy my war pet. It's really... interesting!"

Wang Xian smiled and was a little surprised in his heart!

It was indeed unexpected that the other party was here to buy his war pet!

Invincible battle technique, who was standing at the side, opened his mouth slightly!

Was he really trying to show his face for a beating?

"We'll take the other ten immortal king level war pets. We'll take them away now!"

The leader of the Thousand Beast Hall stared at Wang Xian with a cold expression and said!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian's eyes were sparkling!

Buying ten war pets? What are they doing?

"What? Are they really here to buy war pets from the Thousand Beast Hall of the Heaven Beast Corporation? Moreover, they're buying ten war pets directly?"

"This... This might be true. By increasing their strength, they will have a greater chance of capturing more immortal god King Desolate Beasts!"

"This is a slap in the face. They are Grandmaster Beast Tamers and in the war pet industry. Now that they are here to purchase war pets, Hehe, in the future, the Dragon Palace's war pets will be above them!"

When the surrounding people, as well as those watching the AI's live broadcast, saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock and shock!

The other Beast Tamer grandmasters coming to purchase their battle pets could already be said that the Dragon Palace's battle pets were no longer on the same level as theirs! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When the Heavenly Beast Corporation, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heavenly Tiger Sect, and the other experts heard the discussions around them, their expressions kept changing!

However, their eyes flashed with a hint of coldness!

Everything would have to wait until they had purchased the immortal god King Battle Pets Here!

In the end, they would be able to get all the immortal king level battle pets without spending a single cent!

"Since you guys want to buy them, I will sell them naturally. Take out the pills and you guys can take all the battle pets!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he said directly!