Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2469: 2,469 battle points: Life and Death 3

FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"This... This is all sold out, 23 undyings, how long has it been, they are all sold out!"

"Hiss, the East Li Undying Dynasty bought 13, the Heaven Beast Group bought 10, they were all killed instantly!"

"We were about to buy them, and now they are all sold out?"

In the square of the Dragon Palace Pet Auction, everyone saw the Dragon King agree to sell, their faces were filled with shock and shock!

The auction had just started and all 23 immortal godly King Battle Pets were being sold?

This was too terrifying!

"This is an elixir!"

When the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation heard Wang Xian's agreement, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Do we still need help taming them?"

Wang Xian took the elixir and examined it. The corner of his mouth also curled up slightly as he said to them!

"Of course, we don't need them. We'll take them away immediately!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation shook his head and walked over. He suppressed the war pets one by one and led them out!

Wang Xian didn't stop them. He watched them leave with their war pets!

"Boss Wang, we've struck it big this time. Moreover, the Heaven Beast Corporation has bought our war pets. Everyone will know that they can't be compared to us in the future!"

"In the future, the Dragon Palace's battle pet shop will unify the martial arts world and last for thousands of years!"

Invincible in battle tactics stood by the side and shouted excitedly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled gently and watched them leave with a twinkle in his eyes!

Their behavior indeed puzzled Wang Xian. Buying battle pets from him was just to tell others that the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets were the strongest?

"I'd like to see what tricks you guys are up to!"

He mumbled!

Around them, 23 immortal king level war pets were instantly taken away. This made many people anxious!

More than 3,000 immortal king level war pets seemed like a lot. However, compared to the millions of people here, it was too little!

After many factions didn't manage to purchase Immortal King level war pets, they set their sights on the Pinnacle Immortal King level war pets!

This caused the surrounding warpets to be bought at a terrifying speed!

Many people were really afraid they couldn't get them!

The price was so appropriate, if they didn't act now, there wouldn't be any more!

This made everyone on the AI live broadcast see what a tycoon was!

The powerful powers immediately bought hundreds of eternal God Lord warpets on the spot!

Some almost fought over the warpets!

However, with the deterrence of the Dragon Palace's war pets, no one dared to cause trouble here!

In a Grand War pet sale, all the war pets were sold in half an hour!

This left everyone who came later dumbfounded!

Damn, wasn't it just half an hour later?

However, although all the war pets were sold, their taming required the help of Wang Xian. Therefore, although the other people couldn't buy more than 3,000 war pets, they could still take a look!

For a moment, the people who regretted their slow hands couldn't stop sighing!

"This is really explosive. If only we could..."

At the side, everyone from the East Li Immortal dynasty saw this scene. Their eyes were burning with passion!

A single sale was equivalent to half of the accumulation of their East Li Immortal dynasty. Their dynasty had a history of close to 10 million years!

The wealth accumulated over close to ten million years was only comparable to two sales of this level. Who would not be tempted by such a terrifying income!

"I hope those guys won't let us down!"

The two great ancestors of the East Li Dynasty looked at each other and muttered!

"Ancestor, we have already exchanged the god stones for pills and desolate beast corpses!"

At this moment, a few people walked over and said to the two great ancestors!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Everyone from the East Li Immortal dynasty immediately walked towards Wang Xian!

"Dragon King, these are elixirs and a portion of desolate beast carcasses. Take a look!"

A grand forefather handed his interspatial ring to Wang Xian and said to him!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. After checking and confirming that there were no mistakes, he nodded his head!

"These war pets belong to your East Li Immortal Dynasty Now!"

Wang Xian nodded his head at them!

"Alright, Congratulations to the Dragon Palace War Pets for getting better and better!"

The people from the East Li Immortal dynasty smiled and nodded their heads. After congratulating them, they waved their hands at the people behind them!

The last thirteen war pets were taken away by the people from the East Li Immortal dynasty!

"Invincible, inform them that the sale is over. For the next time of sale, pay attention to the official website of the Dragon Palace War Pets!"

Wang Xian looked at the time and said to invincible battle tactics!

"Yes, Boss!"

Invincible battle tactics nodded his head!

"I'll leave the rest to you guys. Also, don't let the impact be too big!"

At the same time, at the foot of a mountain not far away, the people from the immortal dynasty of Dongli who had left looked at the thousands of people in front of them and said calmly to them!

"Don't worry, we have a basic understanding of the Dragon Palace's strength, we have a 100% chance of capturing them!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation said confidently to the East Li Immortal Dynasty's people!

"Yeah, I hope so!"

The East Li Immortal Dynasty's people nodded!

The moment the Heavenly Beast Corporation made their move, the Dragon Palace's pet shop would also guess that the East Li Immortal dynasty was behind this!

They didn't want to see the Heavenly Beast Corporation fail!

However, they understood the arrangement of the Heavenly Beast Corporation. This power was enough to destroy the Dragon Palace!

"Help me capture that invincible warrior. I Want Him Alive!"

The people from the East Li Immortal dynasty turned around and left. A divine son standing at the back suddenly paused. He looked at du Zeyu and the other youths from the Heavenly Beast Corporation and sent a voice transmission!

Du Zeyu and the others were slightly stunned and nodded confidently!

They were lucky last time and didn't get assassinated when they returned to their own planet. The Divine Sons'orders were just a small matter to them!

"Get Ready to Act!"

Seeing the people from the East Li Immortal Dynasty leave, the Heaven Beast Corporation, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heavenly Tiger sect and a Level 3 immortal King Beast Tamer Master looked at each other and ordered everyone!

"Get Ready!"

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

As soon as he said that, a golden fighter jet slowly rose from the surrounding area!

10 fighter jets, each of them emitting a bright golden light, under the sunlight, they were like holy objects!

The immortal golden armored fighter jets could sweep and even kill Level 1 immortal King fighter jets!

These 10 fighter jets were one of the secret weapons of the East Li Immortal dynasty, and they were all handed over to them!

"Let's go over first, hahaha, I'd like to see how the Dragon King reacts!"

"Hahaha, maybe he's so excited that he thinks his pet shop is invincible!"

"Everyone in the AI thinks that we've lost completely, then let's fight it out with the dragon palace pet shop today, fight to the death, let's see who's the final winner!"

"What do you mean by fighting to see who will win, it should be for everyone to see the destruction of the Dragon Palace!"

The 4 undying level 3 warriors looked at each other, their suppressed emotions were finally released!

They laughed heartily, one of them said a sentence, and headed straight for the Dragon Palace's market again!

This time, they unsheathed their swords and destroyed the Dragon Palace!