Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2470: In the world-shaking Battle of 2470

"Sigh, I didn't even get a single battle pet this time!"

"If you didn't get one, I would have sold out more than 3,000 battle pets before I could even finish looking at them!"

"How can I be miserable? It ended right after I entered. F * ck, I didn't even get to see a single battle pet hair!"

"The Dragon Palace's battle pet shop is really crazy!"

At the entrance of the Dragon Palace's market, everyone was walking out one after another!

"Eh? The Heavenly Beast Corporation, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heavenly Tiger Sect, and the ancient Beast Grandmaster, what are they doing here again? And they brought so many disciples?"

At this moment, a group of people suddenly walked over from the entrance. When everyone looked over, their faces were filled with shock!

The group of people from the Heavenly Beast Corporation brought a few hundred disciples in!

"Get out of the way!"

An expert from the Heaven Beast Corporation swept his gaze over everyone and said coldly!

"HM? This Is?"

Everyone was slightly startled and didn't dare to stop them. They hurriedly made way!

"Hehe!"

The corners of the mouths of the four undying godly monarch experts curled up, their faces filled with faint smiles!

"What are they going to do?"

"I don't know. All the Beast Tamer Grandmasters in our area are here!"

Some of them were hesitant as they watched them walk in! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Some of the people who liked to watch the show didn't continue to walk out. Instead, they followed behind!

"Eh? Boss Wang, those guys from the Heaven Beast Corporation are here again. What are they doing here?"

At this moment, invincible battle technique, who was organizing everyone to leave, noticed the people from the Heaven Beast Corporation. He came to Wang Xian's side and said in astonishment!

"They come with bad intentions!"

Wang Xian looked at them. The four immortal King Level Three Immortal Kings in the lead and more than a dozen immortal king level immortal kings behind them were rushing over aggressively!

"Everyone, why are you back again? Do you want to join our Dragon Palace's War Pets?"

He narrowed his eyes slightly, looked at the group of people, and said faintly!

"Hahaha!"

When the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group and the rest heard Wang Xian's words, they couldn't help but burst into laughter!

"This small temple of Your Dragon Palace doesn't have the strength to accommodate us!"

The sect master of the Heavenly Tiger Sect said directly with a face full of disdain!

"Oh?"

When Wang Xian heard his words and felt the cold expressions on their bodies, he raised his eyebrows!

"What are they doing back here?"

"It feels like they are going against each other. There won't be any conflict, right?"

"I don't think so. This is the territory of the East Li Immortal dynasty. Who would dare to cause trouble here?"

Some of the people around who had not left in time saw this scene and looked over in shock!

The atmosphere suddenly froze. Some of the powerhouses could sense the aura of the people from the Heaven Beast Organization!

"How interesting. All the battle pets of your group are not as good as the Dragon Palace combined. Even if you want to join them, the Dragon Palace doesn't necessarily want you. You're too useless!"

Invincible battle technique sneered when he heard the sect master of the Heavenly Tiger Sect!

"Kid, you're courting death!"

The sect master of the Heavenly Tiger sect looked at invincible battle technique with killing intent as soon as he finished his words!

"HMM? Who are you trying to scare? I'm invincible in battle techniques because I'm scared. Why? Do you still dare to make a move here?"

Invincible in battle techniques sensed the murderous intent of the sect master of the Heavenly Tiger Sect. He was shocked and subconsciously leaned toward Wang Xian. He puffed out his chest and said firmly!

Ao he, Ao Jian, and the rest could feel the murderous intent from the side and slowly walked over!

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw this situation!

"Dragon King, we are here today because we have something to ask you!"

The Hall Master of the Wanshou Hall stared at Wang Xian coldly and said!

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them and ignored them!

"Did you kill more than 20,000 disciples of our major forces?"

He questioned with a stern expression!

"Were you the ones who sent people to kill more than a dozen of the staff members of our Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop?"

Wang Xian looked at them and asked indifferently!

"What?"

In the surrounding area, everyone was shocked when they heard the words of the hall master of the Wanshou Hall and Wang Xian's words!

Some of them had a thought. Could it be that the assassination that everyone was panicking over a period of time was a game between them?

At this moment, the person who was doing the AI's live broadcast by the side heard it and slightly opened his mouth. He hesitated for a moment and kept the camera focused on this place!

On the AI, everyone was in an uproar!

What was he doing?

Were they going to fight?

Could it be that the two big forces had been fighting openly and secretly?

"What if I Say Yes?"

The Sky Tiger Sect's sect master took a step forward with a face full of killing intent and replied without hiding anything!

"Haha, if you guys are, then of course I am. Is there a need to ask? Everyone knows this in their hearts!"

Wang Xian could feel their aura and laughed out loud without any fear!

Similarly, he didn't hide anything at all!

They were well aware of the actions of both parties!

"Hiss!"

Everyone around sucked in a breath of cold air!

Some of them had a bad premonition and quickly retreated backward!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, at this moment, one after another, confinement rings covered them!

A confinement ring was directly locked on top of Wang Xian's head. Beside him, Ao Xie and Ao Jian were also immediately locked on by the confinement ring!

At this moment, when the surrounding people saw the appearance of the confinement ring, their expressions changed drastically. They quickly hid into the distance!

What a joke, there were many undyings in this group, the aftershocks weren't something they could defend against!

"You dare to attack, you dare to attack!"

Invincible suddenly roared, his expression ugly, he looked at the cage above his head and his body trembled!

This damn, an undyings actually took out a powerful cage to trap him!

He was a nobody!

It must be because he was too arrogant just now!

"What? You guys dare to make a move?"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at the imprisonment ring above his head. He frowned slightly and spoke in a sinister tone!

Behind him, Ao he, Ao Jian, and the rest immediately erupted with a terrifying pressure!

"Hahaha, make a move. Why Don't you dare to make a move? Dragon King, Dragon Palace's war pets, today, I want all of you to become a thing of the past, a thing of the past!"

At the forefront, the four level three immortal king stage powerhouses, who were the chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation, laughed maniacally when they saw the confinement circle locking onto Wang Xian!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this moment, groups of people flew over from the surrounding areas. There were tens of thousands of people, and they had completely surrounded the entire huge square!

The leaders were all immortal king stage powerhouses. The killing intent and aura on their bodies were not concealed at all!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

At the same time, the 10 golden fighter jets let out roars as they circled in the sky!

The resplendent light was obvious that it wasn't simple!

"Hiss!"

"Quick, quick, Dodge!"

"This... The Heaven Beast organization must have gone crazy, they actually dared to attack on East Lake Planet, aren't they afraid of the East Li Undying Empire?"

At this moment, everyone's faces were filled with shock, within the plaza, they quickly flew far away!

Some of the cowards instantly returned to their eternal God countries!