Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2471: 2471 was in the midst of a world-shaking battle

Boom! Boom! Boom

A terrifying aura shot up into the sky from the square. The rest of the people hurriedly ran outside!

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the surroundings. There were more than 10,000 eternal god Lord level powerhouses!

And there were more than 40 immortal God kings!

With such strength, no one would dare to provoke them in this area!

This was the power of all the Beast Tamers in this area!

"Very good!"

Wang Xian's eyes swept across the surroundings, and killing intent shot out from his eyes! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"No wonder you guys bought all the Immortal King Battle Pets and didn't even need to help tame them!"

Wang Xian licked his lips and scanned his surroundings vigilantly!

Now, he completely understood that the conspiracy today was not only the Heaven Beast Corporation but also the East Li Immortal Empire that was hiding behind the scenes!

If it wasn't for the East Li Immortal dynasty, they wouldn't dare to start a battle here!

And the East Li Immortal Dynasty and the Heavenly Beast Corporation had bought all their battle pets to prevent him from sending them out to fight!

"Now you know? Too Late, Hahaha, Dragon King, you guys were in high spirits just now. Today, this is your graveyard!"

The Heavenly Beast Corporation's chairman roared with a savage expression!

With a move of his palm, a long sword appeared in his hand. His expression was terrifying!

"This is your graveyard!"

The sect leader of the Heaven Tiger Sect, the hall leader of the Thousand Beasts Hall, and the grandmaster paleo-beast held a weapon in their hands as well. They stared at Wang Xian coldly!

"It's really going to be a fight!"

At this moment, there was no one in the square. Everyone was already hiding far away. Looking at the situation inside, they took in a deep breath of cold air!

At this time, everyone in the AI saw the situation too, filled with shock and shock!

"They're actually going to fight? Aren't the people from the East Li dynasty coming over to suppress them?"

"How dare they fight on East Lake Planet? This is a commercial planet, no fighting is allowed!"

"What is the East Li dynasty doing? Aren't they going to come out and intervene?"

Some people were filled with curiosity!

With the speed of the East Li Immortal dynasty, if there was going to be a fight here, the law enforcers should have already arrived to stop it!

In less than a few minutes, the god King powerhouses of the East Li Immortal dynasty would have the time to rush over!

However, the East Li Immortal dynasty did not take care of it now!

This made some people's eyes twinkle, and they were a little suspicious!

"Get Ready. Capture the Dragon King and destroy everyone else!"

At this moment, in the middle of the square, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation roared with a grim expression!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Above them, cannon barrels were revealed from the fighter aircraft. They contained a terrifying amount of energy!

"AO he, look for an opportunity to tie down the four level 3 immortal king experts. Even if you can't kill them, you don't have to reveal your full strength!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold look!

With their strength, it was impossible for them to keep or even kill a level three immortal King Warrior!

Therefore, Wang Xian did not wish to kill the four of them, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he nodded silently!

"Make your move and capture that Dragon King!"

At this moment, the leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect's voice rang out. Without any hesitation, he attacked Wang Xian directly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a violent roar came out from ao crab's mouth. A terrifying and ferocious gigantic dragon head appeared and attacked the leader of the Heavenly Tiger sect directly!

His body also transformed into a terrifying gigantic dragon body that was at least 10,000 meters in size at a terrifying speed!

His eighteen claws were like sharp weapons that could tear the sky apart!

"It's that monster. Kill him!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation immediately roared when he saw ao crab attack!

He raised the long sword in his hand and attacked ao crab!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, a ferocious dragon head of the same size rushed out from the position beside Ao crab's head!

It was as if he had come out of Ao crab's body and had the same figure as ao crab!

His violent aura was no weaker than ao Crab's strength, directly attacking the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

"Oh no, they still have a level 3 undying godly monarch!"

When the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation felt the Devouring Dragon's aura, his expression changed drastically!

According to their information, the Dragon Palace only had one level 3 undying godly monarch, even if there were two, it was still the Dragon King!

However right now, there was one more undying level 4 warrior than they had expected!

"They'll leave it to you, leaving the Dragon King to us won't be a Problem!"

The 10,000 Beast Hall leader saw another undying level 3 warrior suddenly appear, his face dark as he roared!

Even if there were three of them, with the weapons in their hands, they could still capture the Dragon King!

"Fighter jets, Attack!"

At this moment, an order was given from the side. The resplendent golden fighter jets in the sky immediately erupted with terrifying attacks!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, dense metal-type material law attacks covered the entire square where Wang Xian was!

It covered the entire square!

"Get lost!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at the ten fighter jets. He could feel the terrifying attack power and a violent killing intent appeared on his face!

His body moved and his arms turned into dragon claws. He instantly appeared in the sky!

"Dodge!"

The faces of the experts who were controlling the fighter jets changed drastically as they roared loudly!

"Quick, stop the Dragon King!"

The paleo-beast sect raised their head. Their faces changed as they attacked Wang Xian directly!

At the same time, the hall master of the Myriad Beasts Hall followed closely behind!

"Roar Roar, you are not qualified to fight with our Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao he let out a furious roar. Another terrifying devouring dragon flew out from his body!

As the leader of the Devouring Dragon, the rest of the devouring dragons lived in his body!

He was like the mother nest of the Bug clan!

This swallowing dragon headed straight for Grandmaster Beast and the leader of the 10,000 Beast Hall to stop it!

"Damn it, why is there another one!"

Seeing the third undying level 3 monster appear, the expressions of the 10,000 Beast Hall leader and the leader of the 10,000 Beast Hall changed!

The situation had completely exceeded his expectations!

Three, along with the most likely Dragon King, it was very likely to be four against four!

Under such circumstances, it was impossible for them to capture the Dragon King!

"How is this possible? According to the information we obtained from the Tianze continent, the Dragon Palace definitely does not have such strength!"

When the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation saw this scene, his heart sank. He could not help but Roar in a low voice!

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, the fighter jets in the Sky exploded one after another. Sparks flew in all directions!

No one stopped Wang Xian. With these fighter jets, they could not escape Wang Xian's attack at all!

"Pin him down!"

The faces of the hall master and Grandmaster Hundred Beasts who were pinned down changed drastically. They ordered all the immortal godly monarchs around them!

"Yes!"

The nearly forty immortal godly monarchs around them did not hesitate at all. They instantly attacked Wang Xian!

The war had completely erupted!

However, the sudden war outside shocked everyone!