Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2472: 2472. Only the Dragon Palace’s War Pet was in the starry sky

"It's really starting to fight. Hiss, the Heaven Beast Corporation, the Thousand Beast Hall, and the Heavenly Tiger sect have mobilized all their forces. There are more than 40 undying godly monarchs!"

"This... The Heaven Beast Corporation actually sent over 40 undying godly monarchs. These are all their undying godly monarchs, right? That Dragon Palace's war pet is going to suffer!"

"Look at the Dragon Palace Battle Pet's strength, it's not at a disadvantage at all, that Dragon King actually shot down 10 fighter jets!"

Around a few thousand kilometers or even 10,000 kilometers, the moment the war broke out, everyone left the battlefield!

Some people borrowed some equipment to watch the battle ahead, their faces filled with shock as they discussed!

"Shit!"

At the same time, over 10,000 kilometers away, a few hundred people from the East Li Undying Dynasty were standing in a room!

In front of them, there was a screen that showed the scene of the battle at the Dragon Palace!

The two great ancestors of the East Li Undying Empire saw the scene and their expressions changed drastically!

"That Dragon Palace's strength is completely out of our expectations, if that Dragon King is also an undying level 3, we'll be in trouble!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

One of the great ancestors said solemnly!

"It depends. If that Dragon King isn't A Level 3 undying god King, we can still capture him. If that Dragon King is a level 3 undying god King, we'll hide our identities and Attack!"

Another grand ancestor said with a gloomy face!

It couldn't be said that the Heaven Beast Corporation was too useless. The current strength of the Dragon Palace not only surpassed the Heaven Beast Corporation, but also the East Li Undying God dynasty!

After agreeing to cooperate with the Heaven Beast Organization, the East Li Immortal Dynasty had also investigated the Dragon Palace's strength!

There was only one level 3 immortal King Warrior!

Under such circumstances, they had agreed to cooperate!

In their opinion, the East Li Immortal dynasty did not even need to make a move to obtain a large amount of treasures!

But now, it was completely beyond their expectations!

However, the dragon palace had almost understood that they were behind the scenes, and they had formed a grudge with the Dragon Palace!

If the Dragon King really unleashed his undying level 3 strength, the two of them would be able to completely suppress the Dragon Palace!

"Even though it's a little out of our expectations, it's still within our control!"

The two looked at the screen and muttered!

"HM? That Dragon King doesn't seem to have reached undying level 3, his strength is only at Undying Level 2!"

At this time, one of the grand ancestors revealed a look of surprise and joy!

"It should be undying level 2, look at how he's having trouble defending against a few undying level 2's!"

The surrounding crowd looked over, their faces filled with excitement!

"Hehe!"

Upon seeing this scene, the two grand ancestors revealed a faint smile on their faces!

At this moment, on the battlefield, Wang Xian was struggling to fend off the attacks of the three immortal king level two immortal kings. He kept retreating backward!

"Hahahaha, restrain his other subordinates. Everyone, surround and attack him. capture him! capture him!"

About 2,000 kilometers in the sky, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group, the leader of the Ten Thousand Beast Hall, the leader of the Heaven Tiger Sect, and Grandmaster paleo-beast had no choice but to fight in the sky!

When they saw the suppressed Dragon King, they were extremely excited!

That Dragon King was not at level three immortal godly king as they had imagined!

In that case, victory would belong to them!

"Yes!"

Below, a group of forces and more than 30 immortal king were attacking Wang Xian at the same time!

Their eyes were filled with excitement. Once they captured the Dragon King, they would definitely soar in the future!

They could even step into the central region of the Imperial Star Field!

Around them, the more than 10,000 eternal God master disciples who were prepared to deal with the battle pets in the square saw this scene and their faces were filled with excitement!

This was their battle to rise up!

"Shit, that Dragon King is going to be in trouble!"

"It's over, the Dragon King is going to be done for, once the Dragon Palace is destroyed, it won't be good for us to buy battle pets in the future!"

"Indeed, I still hope that the Dragon King and the rest can defend against the other party's attack, however it's a pity that the other party's strength is too terrifying, it's already very terrifying that the Dragon Palace has 3 undying level 3 warriors, what can we do!"

Around them, seeing the dragon king at a disadvantage, everyone shook their heads!

They really didn't wish for the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace to be destroyed!

"This guy, he's really crafty, he clearly has undying level 3 strength, yet he's hiding it. Does he want to suddenly kill one or two of them?"

However in space, Emperor Star Lady looked at the battle pet in front of her and said speechlessly!

"Hehe, Young Lady, the Dragon King is very smart. He ordered his subordinates to lure away three level 3 immortal King realm experts so that he could capture them all in one fell swoop!"

Aunt Ying smiled and said from the side!

"This guy is so evil. However, he actually has three level 3 immortal King realm experts under him. What a surprise. He seems to have many experts under him!"

Di Xing nu curled her lips and said!

Auntie Ying who was at the side smiled and looked at Wang Xian with a twinkle in her eyes!

The longer she knew him, the more shocked she was!

"Hehe!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who had been suppressed on the battlefield, revealed a Sly Smile!

Just now, he deliberately hid his strength and waited for Ao he and the rest to lure the four level 3 immortal king level experts away!

In order to capture all of them in one fell swoop!

No one knew his strength, even though he had fought with the Iron Blood Alliance before, they rarely had any contact with the outside world!

Just like the Tian Ze continent and star source planet, they prohibited AI over there, to prevent elite warriors from migrating to other planets!

Hence, the Heavenly Beast Group did not know their strength!

"It's about time. Although we can't Kill A Level 3 immortal king, none of you can escape!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. With a move of his arm, the five elements millstone appeared in his hand!

"Kill, trap him first and use the trapping formation!"

At this moment, the more than 30 immortal kings in front of them didn't realize that danger was coming. They shouted excitedly!

"Weng!"

At this time, the five elements Millstone flew into the sky and the black hole disturbance array instantly covered a radius of over 3,000 km, perfectly avoiding the four level 3 undying godly monarchs like the chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

The sudden blocking array caused everyone to be slightly stunned!

Even the four undying godly monarchs a few thousand km away were extremely shocked!

After noticing the Dragon King's strength, they had even purposely led ao Xie and the others further away to prevent them from returning to help the Dragon King!

The formation that suddenly rose made them have a bad feeling!

"HM? What?"

Within the black hole disturbing space, everyone was shocked to see themselves within the special formation!