Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2473: In 2473, there was only the Dragon Palace’s War Pet in the starry sky

"What's going on? Why is there a huge protective array formation all of a sudden?"

"This array formation seems to have been released by the Dragon King. What's going on? Does the Dragon King still have a trump card?"

In the distance, everyone was slightly shocked when they saw this scene, and their faces were filled with shock!

The Dragon King, who had been suppressed all this time, suddenly released an array formation. What was going on?

"Damn it, could it be that the Dragon King still has some tricks up his sleeve?"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the Hall Master of the Thousand Beast Hall, the sect master of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, and Grandmaster paleo-beast all looked over at the array formation with unsightly expressions!

"You guys hold them off, I'll go break the Array Formation!"

Grandmaster paleo-beast growled and said to the other three!

"Alright, break the array formation as soon as possible. Don't let the Dragon King use any tricks!"

The other three nodded gloomily!

"Get lost!"

The three of them stared at Ao he and the other two. An incomparably violent might surged from their bodies, and terrifying laws shattered the void!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The three of them tangled with Ao he and the others, and Grandmaster paleo-beast wanted to fly towards the formation!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, a terrifying devouring dragon head surged out from Ao he's body once again. His ice-cold eyes stared at Grandmaster paleo-beast, and he let out a roar!

"What! There's a fourth one!"

At this moment, the four chairmen of the Heavenly Beast Corporation were shocked, and their faces instantly became extremely ugly!

A terrifying thought appeared in their minds!

The Dragon Palace had been hiding their strength all this time...

They were deliberately showing their weakness to the enemy!

At the thought of this, their hearts sank, and their expressions changed as they looked toward the position of the array formation!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Ao he and the others'roars woke up the four people who had ugly expressions on their faces!

"Kill!"

They gritted their teeth and looked at each other. When they saw Ao he and the others coming at them, they roared!

Four against four. When faced with Ao he and the others'violent and unmarked attacks, it was very difficult for them to escape!

"This... what is he trying to do?"

At this moment, inside the array formation that was disturbed by the black hole, all the disciples and powerhouses of the Heaven Beast Corporation's Thousand Beast Hall and other factions were somewhat dumbfounded!

Why did the Dragon King, who had been on the losing end, suddenly cast an array formation to surround them in this strange space?

"Be careful!"

A Level 2 undying god King scanned his surroundings warily, speaking to the other 30 or so undying God kings!

Everyone nodded slowly, carefully sizing up their surroundings, not daring to attack rashly!

"This is?"

Below, invincible battle technique, who was also enveloped by the array formation, had a shocked expression on his face. His gaze swept across his surroundings, and his eyes flickered with a luster!

"What a bluff. The few of you, follow me and destroy that fellow!"

Right at this moment, du Zeyu's voice sounded from a position not far away. He extended his hand and pointed at the exceptionally eye-catching invincible battle technique in the middle of the square!

"It's young master Du!"

Immediately, dozens of middle-aged youths heard du Zeyu's order. They warily glanced at the sky and flew towards invincible battle technique's position!

"Eh?"

Invincible battle technique was slightly stunned when he saw someone coming towards him. Then, he narrowed his eyes!

"Du Zeyu, it's you, you dog!"

Invincible battle technique stared at du Zeyu and the others with a cold look in his eyes!

"HMPH, today is the day you die, Invincible Warrior, arrogance has a price to pay!"

Du Ze Yu stared coldly at him!

Even though the Dragon King had created this strange space, there were over 30 undyings on their side, the Dragon King wouldn't be able to escape today!

Even Invincible Warrior had to die!

Even without the divine son's orders, he wouldn't let this arrogant guy go!

"Kill him. I don't want him to live another second!"

Du Zeyu ordered the surrounding experts!

"It's young master Du!" Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The dozens of experts nodded and immediately attacked invincible battle technique!

The powerful energy sealed all the space around invincible battle technique!

"Hehe, you trash want to attack me? Today, I'll let you see the power of my invincible battle technique!"

Invincible battle technique narrowed his eyes and stared at the incoming attacks!

"Roar!"

In the next moment, an enormous battle pet appeared in front of him!

As soon as the battle pet appeared, it waved its claws and the attacks instantly collapsed. Meanwhile, condensed laws flew out from the claws and attacked everyone who attacked invincible battle technique!

"Pu Pu Pu!"

In an instant, in an instant, the figures around du Ze Yu all vanished, not even ashes left!

"What? This... This Is?"

At this moment, du Ze Yu's eyes were wide open, his face filled with disbelief, his body couldn't help but tremble!

How could this BE, this was an undying emperor battle pet...

"Hahaha, killing me invincible in battle? I have an undying level 2 warrior pet that boss Wang gave me, you still want to kill me?"

Seeing du Ze Yu's face filled with disbelief and shock, invincible couldn't help but laugh madly!

"I, invincible in battle, Invincible in the world!"

Following which, his body moved, landing directly on the pet, raising his head proudly and announcing proudly!

"Not good!"

What happened here was only within 10 seconds!

In the air, over 30 undying Emperor Warriors felt the power of the battle pet below, they immediately looked over!

"It's a bluff, don't waste time, with our strength, we don't need to worry, capture that Dragon King!"

An undying level 2 old man couldn't help but say!

Although this space was strange, there were so many of them. It was still very easy for them to capture the Dragon King!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared at them with a mocking smile on his face!

"Invincible in battle techniques. I'll leave the disciples below Immortal King to You!"

He looked down and spoke to invincible in battle techniques!

"Hehe, boss Wang, don't worry. Don't leave a single one alive!"

Invincible battle technique stood on top of the battle pet and immediately roared!

"Since that's the case, all of you can go to hell!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked around as he roared in a low voice!

"Arrogant!"

More than 30 powerhouses were furious!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

All of a sudden, a towering figure appeared beneath Wang Xian. It had a huge triangular snake head and a 10,000-meter-long body. It was filled with cold-bloodedness and savagery!

"Oh no, this is... This is the level 3 battle pet of the Immortal King?"

The sudden appearance of the towering snake caused everyone to be slightly shocked. Their expressions changed drastically as they roared warily!

"Kill!"

Before they could react, Wang Xian's cold roar rang out!

He had been concealing his strength all this while just to wait for this opportunity!

This was the opportunity to capture all the powerhouses and disciples of the Heaven Beast Corporation in one fell swoop!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

The towering snake instantly launched a terrifying attack!

At this moment, Wang Xian also unleashed the strength of a level 3 immortal King!

The terrifying dragon claw directly clawed at a Level 2 immortal king powerhouse in front of him!

"Oh no, everyone, block that battle pet!"

The expressions of more than 30 immortal king powerhouses changed slightly as they immediately shouted in alarm!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

They immediately unleashed their all-out attack towards the towering snake!

"Let me tie down the Dragon King!"

The Immortal King Level 2 powerhouse who was locked onto by Wang Xian had a serious expression. He was holding a fiery red glove in his hand as he faced Wang Xian's Dragon Claw!

"Bang!"

However, just as he finished his sentence, when he collided with the Dragon Claw, his entire body was sent flying backward!