Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2474: 2474, there was only the Dragon Palace in this space

"Pu!"

Huge mouthfuls of blood spewed out from his mouth, the 10,000 Beast Hall Undying Level 2 stared wide eyed, his eyes filled with shock!

What was going on? The Dragon Emperor that they had been suppressing, how could he unleash such terrifying strength!

"No No No, he's an undying level 3 warrior, the Dragon King is also an undying level 3 warrior!"

He opened his eyes wide and roared in fear!

Beside him, over 30 undying emperors were blocking the snake's attack, hearing this roar, they looked over in shock!

When they saw this undying level 2 warrior flying out, spitting out blood, his face pale and terrified, his body trembled!

"Not good, something's Happened!"

An old man muttered!

Two level 3 immortal king powerhouses, even if they had more than 30 immortal kings, were not enough for the other party to kill them!

Furthermore, the Dragon King and the rest could easily kill everyone present!

"Hehe, you guys want to destroy me? You want to destroy my Dragon Palace too? You're courting death!"

Wang Xian looked at everyone above and moved his body to attack them!

"Damn it, this Dragon King and his war pet are not something we can fight against. Run, Run Now!"

An old man could not help but Roar!

An Immortal King Level 3, they might be able to hold on for a minute or two. However, with the Dragon King, they had no way to defend! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Everyone, run back to the god Country!"

He roared and his voice resounded in everyone's ears!

"Go!"

Everyone's expressions were extremely ugly. This time, the matter of capturing the Dragon King and destroying the Dragon Palace's War Pet was completely ruined!

Everyone's bodies trembled slightly and they wanted to leave!

"What? I CAN'T SENSE MY OWN undying God country, I can't go back!"

"Shit, I can't go back either, I can't go back to my own god country either. What happened, what happened!"

However, very quickly, a series of terrified voices rang out!

All the disciples and powerhouses from the Heavenly Beast Hall, Heavenly Tiger Sect, and other factions of the Heavenly Beast Corporation realized that they could no longer sense their own divine kingdom!

"Hahaha, boss Wang deliberately hid his strength to play with you. Do you think you can leave this place today? This space outside of you is just a decoration?"

"You guys, Congratulations on making the choice to die!"

At this moment, Invincible's excited and arrogant voice rang out. He stood on top of the level 2 Battle Pet of the Immortal King and looked at everyone mockingly!

"Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!"

"Peng!"

At the same time, the towering snake attacked the terrified immortal king in front of him. Wang Xian followed closely behind!

The strength of a level 3 immortal king was completely unleashed!

"Defend!"

The pupils of the dozens of people who were covered by the towering snake and Wang Xian constricted as they roared in horror!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

However, very soon, Wang Xian's terrifying dragon claws and the destructive attack of the towering snake landed on them!

"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!"

Screams of pain rang out very quickly. The bodies of the dozens of people cracked open slowly. Under the suppression of their powerful strength, they could not withstand it at all!

What they were facing was destruction!

"No!"

Below, all the eternal god Lord Disciples who saw this scene were shocked!

Their faces were filled with fear!

"Hahaha, prepare to die!"

Invincible looked over, roaring madly, ordering the Undying King Level 2 below to attack the 10,000 Eternal God lords!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Help, my lords, Help!"

"Deputy leader, Save Us!"

"Grandfather, save me!"

The roar of the undying warpet resounded, all the eternal gods were filled with despair, hurriedly calling for help!

"Ah Ah Ah!"

However above, they were all screaming in despair!

The group of undyings were being slaughtered, how could they have time to save them?

"Die!"

Invincible roared coldly, the undying warpet released a law flame, the flame swept and instantly half of them were destroyed!

Undying killing an eternal god Lord, it was too easy!

"No no no, break the formation, we have to break it!"

In the sky, some immortal king powerhouses saw the scene and almost burst into tears as they roared!

They flew crazily towards the edge of the formation!

However, their speed was far inferior to that of Wang Xian and the towering snake!

Soon, screams of pain rang out, followed by a complete silence in the sky!

"Hahaha, Du Zeyu, I left you at the end and let you live for a few more seconds. How about it? Can you tell me how you feel now?"

Over 30 undying emperors had fallen, below, there were only 2 people on the ground!

One was invincible in battle, the other was du Ze Yu!

At this time, Invincible looked down at him, his expression filled with mockery!

"I... I..."

Du Ze Yu's face was pale, his lips purple and trembling, he looked up at the sky, his eyes filled with despair!

Plop

Under the astonished gaze of invincible battle technique, he knelt on the ground!

"Let me go, let me go!"

Du Zeyu said with a face full of fear. His eyes were filled with despair!

"TSK TSK, Alright!"

"Go to hell!"

Invincible battle technique shook his head. His face was full of smiles as he waved his arm!

Boom

A terrifying force landed on his body, causing him to fly backward!

"Boss Wang, it's Done!"

He raised his head and opened his mouth to speak to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian smiled and scanned his surroundings!

There were corpses all over the ground. He did not store them into his interspatial ring for the time being!

He needed to intimidate and announce it at the same time!

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and the black hole disturbing the air formation dissipated slowly. He also kept the towering snake!

"Look, the formation is dissipating, it's dissipating!"

"How can it be so fast? It hasn't even been two minutes and the formation has already disappeared. What exactly happened inside?"

"I don't know, but we will know soon!"

When the black hole disturbing formation slowly dissipated, the eyes of tens of millions of people who were watching from the outside were fixed on it!

In the sky, the Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the Master of the Heavenly Tiger Sect and the Grandmaster paleo-beast sect, who were fighting, also paused and swept over!

"Buzz!"

"Hiss, that's... That's the Dragon King, the Dragon King is still alive!"

"Look around, look at the surrounding ground, oh my God!"

Soon, the formation completely dissipated, and the scene in the middle of the square appeared in everyone's sight!

A young man was floating in the air, and that was the Dragon King!

In front of the Dragon King was the Dragon King's underling. As for who it was, it wasn't very important!

And what shocked them the most was the corpses that littered the surroundings!

There were more than ten thousand corpses, and those were the experts and disciples of the Heavenly Beast Corporation!