Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2475: 2,475 strength was enough to shake the entire star area

"Hiss!"

Tens of millions of people around sucked in a breath of cold air as they looked over in shock!

"The Heaven Beast Organization, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heaven Tiger Sect, and all the other powers are finished!"

An undying god King looked at this scene as he muttered, his face filled with shock!

"There are close to 40 undying godly monarchs here. It's been a long, long time since so many undying godly monarchs have fallen in our region!"

"Godly Monarchs are undying. With a million years of lifespan, they can guard a planet!"

The others trembled as they muttered!

"No!"

A Crazy Roar came from the Heavenly Beast Corporation's chairman!

In the sky, his blood-red eyes were filled with disbelief as he looked in the direction of the plaza. His eyes were about to crack!

More than 10,000 corpses were the foundation and elites of all their factions!

Especially the nearly 40 undying godly monarchs. They were the pillars of their factions!

Now, all of their undying godly monarchs had been destroyed!

This represented the end of their faction!

"In this starry sky, only the war pets of the Dragon Palace are traitors. They are courting death!"

Wang Xian floated in the sky above the square and looked at the position of the Four Chairmen of the Heaven Beast Group. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he said coldly!

"Dragon King!"

The leader of the Heavenly Tiger sect roared at Wang Xian with bloodshot eyes!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian stared at him with a mocking look in his eyes!

"This is the end!"

He pointed at the corpse below and said coldly!

This was the end for those who wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace!

"In this starry sky, only the battle pets of the Dragon Palace exist!"

Everyone around looked ahead and mumbled softly!

From now on, there would only be the battle pets of the Dragon Palace in this starry sky!

The other Beast Taming Grandmaster powers were all destroyed!

"Dragon King, just you wait, just you wait, we will definitely take our revenge, we will definitely take our revenge!"

The leader of the Thousand Beast Hall clenched his fists and roared crazily!

"Trash, you only know how to talk, Don't run if you have the guts!"

Invincible battle technique stood on the Level 2 undying god King Battle Pet, Feeling High and mighty, he looked at him with disdain!

"You..."

The Myriad Beast Hall leader's expression changed drastically, changing constantly!

Fight? How to fight?

All the experts and disciples were killed, leaving only the leaders of the four factions. The other party's strength was now much stronger than theirs!

Fight, they couldn't win!

What else could they do now?

They could only escape, escape!

This made the Heavenly Beast Corporation's chairman and the rest clench their fists, fresh blood seeping out from their palms!

They were indignant, furious, and violent!

Ao crab and the rest stared coldly at the four of them from the Heaven Beast Corporation. They did not continue to attack. After they transformed into their human forms, they stared at them with disdain!

The entire devouring dragon had yet to make a full move. There were still two immortal king level three immortal king level combat strength left!

As he was not confident that he could keep the four of them here, Wang Xian deliberately hid some of his strength!

"Dragon King, just you wait. If I don't take revenge for this, I will not be able to live!"

The Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation and the rest trembled for a moment. Then, they let out a maniacal roar and slowly disappeared!

"Ao he, go to their base immediately and collect all the treasures and finances. If there is any resistance, kill them immediately!"

Wang Xian saw them leaving and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. He immediately gave an order to ao crab and the rest!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao crab nodded immediately and left quickly!

Buzz

Wang Xian looked at the corpses below. With a wave of his arm, he kept all of them into his interspatial ring!

He scanned his surroundings and finally raised his head. He looked at a satellite with a smile on his face!

"Damn it, damn it, how can the strength of the Dragon Palace be so strong!"

At the same time, in a room not far away, the East Li Immortal dynasty saw Wang Xian's meaningful smile. The two grand ancestors could not help but growl in a low voice!

All of them stared at the scene in the screen with an extremely ugly expression!

Did the Dragon King do this on purpose? or?

When the Dragon Palace had another undying level 3 warrior, they had a bad feeling!

And now, it had happened!

The Dragon Palace had at least 5 undying level 3 warriors, and the entire East Li Undying Dynasty only had 5!

Unless the lord of the East Li Dynasty made a move, otherwise, they might not even be a match for the Dragon Palace!

And the pillar of the immortal dynasty was cultivating in seclusion, he didn't know about this!

They didn't tell that Lord at all, because from their point of view, the Heavenly Beast Group had a 100% chance of destroying the Dragon Palace's War Pet!

Even if they couldn't destroy it, it wouldn't affect them!

After all, they didn't make a move, but now, not only did the heavenly beast group fail, they were almost destroyed!

The five level 3 immortal king level powerhouses from the Dragon Palace had also posed a threat to the East Li Celestial Empire! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

This made them extremely embarrassed!

Now, even if the two of them helped the Heaven Beast Corporation together, they would not be able to deal with the Dragon Palace!

Furthermore, the Dragon Palace would become a huge threat to them in the future!

The people from the East Li Immortal Empire looked at each other with worried expressions. Their faces were extremely gloomy!

"Let's Go!"

At this moment, at the square, Wang Xian retracted his gaze and spoke to invincible battle technique!

His body moved and he immediately flew towards the teleportation formation!

Next, he had to prepare to raise the strength of the Dragon Palace!

For this battle, the East Li Immortal dynasty did not send anyone over. However, he was 100% sure that they were involved!

However, they had misjudged the strength of the Dragon Palace!

The East Li Immortal Dynasty had a level four immortal king. Therefore, what Wang Xian had to do next was to increase the number of level four immortal king experts in the Dragon Palace!

"Since you guys are involved, this enmity has already been formed. I don't like to keep defending passively!"

Wang Xian's eyes were cold.

Since the other party wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace, he didn't need to wait for the other party to attack him!

As long as the strength of the Dragon Palace increased this time, we would be ready to play with the East Li Immortal dynasty. This time, it would be very, very fast!

In Wang Xian's eyes, today's battle was just an appetizer. What came next was the real battle!

"The Dragon King and the rest have left!"

"I didn't expect it to end like this. The Heaven Beast Corporation, the Heaven Tiger Sect, and the Thousand Beast Hall are completely finished!"

"The Dragon King and the Dragon Palace are simply too powerful. Oh right, the Dragon King Looks so young. How Old is he now?"

"The Dragon King is too handsome, isn't he? The victory of the Dragon Palace's War Pet will also bring us great benefits. We will support the Dragon Palace's War Pet!"

Seeing Wang Xian leave, some people in the surroundings began to discuss animatedly!