Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2476: 2476’s strength shook the entire Starfield

"This guy is really cunning. In the end, he still hid his strength!"

In a void space far away from the plaza, Emperor Star Lady pouted as she watched Wang Xian's disappearing figure!

Everyone thought that the Dragon Palace had five undying godly monarchs. However, she knew that there was still an undying level 3 space beast that had yet to be revealed!

Although this space beast was hers, that bastard said that he would give it to her two years later!

The strength of the space beast was equivalent to two of the same level!

If she thought that this was the limit of the Dragon Palace, she would definitely be tricked to death by him!

"Hehe, this Dragon King is pretty good. It's very wise to never let others know of his trump card!"

Aunt Ying was very attracted to Wang Xian as she exclaimed in admiration!

"Aunt Ying, why are you an outsider now? You're speaking up for an outsider!"

The Imperial Star Lady said unhappily!

"Hehe, I'm speaking the truth!"

Aunt Ying smiled and disappeared slowly with the imperial star Lady!

On the East Pool Planet, although the battle at the Dragon Palace's Battle Pet Mall had ended, it had caused a huge commotion!

Although the battle had ended, the topic had just begun to spread!

"All the Beast Tamer Grandmasters and pet forces in our galaxy are not as powerful as the Dragon Palace combined. The Dragon Palace is so terrifying!"

"Their value is too high. With the current strength of the Dragon Palace's pets, they can definitely be ranked in the top three in our Galaxy!"

"100% can be placed in the top 3, today's battle has laid the foundation of the Dragon Palace, who would dare to mess with the Dragon Palace in the future?"

"The destruction of a group of 4th or 5th rate forces, the fall of close to 40 undyings, it has laid the foundation of the Dragon Palace's strength. The Dragon Palace has completely risen, shocking the entire region!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

After the battle ended, everyone was shocked by the Dragon Palace's strength!

This battle allowed the Dragon Palace to enter the top three forces in this region!

However, other than the strength of the Dragon Palace, there was another thing that shocked everyone!

Why didn't the East Li Immortal dynasty come out to stop the Heavenly Beast Group's attack on the Dragon Palace?

There was no sign of the East Li Immortal dynasty at all!

This made many people speculate!

With the technology of the East Lake Planet and the satellite positioning, the moment there was a battle, at most a minute, the experts of the East Li Undying Empire would be able to rush over!

However, the East Li Undying Empire didn't appear, even after the battle ended!

"Not only did the East Li Undying Empire not appear, at the start, the East Li Undying Empire bought 13 undying God King War Pets and didn't let them tame them and took them away, the Heaven Beast Corporation bought 10 and took them away, isn't that clear? They bought them immediately on purpose to prepare for the upcoming battle!"

Someone pointed out the crux of the problem. The moment this information was released, everyone could basically confirm that the battle this time had obtained the tacit approval of the East Li Immortal dynasty!

No one knew if the east li immortal dynasty had even made a move in secret!

However, some people guessed that the 10 warplanes were sent out by the East Li Immortal dynasty!

Because these fighter jets were able to contend against a Level 1 immortal god King, it was impossible for a bunch of battle pets to buy them, nor did they have the ability to buy 10 of them directly!

It was very likely that the east li immortal dynasty had sent them over!

When this matter was revealed, it caused quite a stir!

"There's some trouble now, that Dragon Palace should already know that we're secretly helping the Heaven Beast Corporation!"

"So what if they know? Do they dare to be our enemy? Humph, our East Li Immortal dynasty is not afraid of them!"

"They might not be too afraid of us, unless our imperial ancestor makes a move!"

In a week not far from the East Lake Planet, dozens of figures were standing on both sides of the splendid shrine, talking non-stop!

In the center of the throne, sat a majestic old man!

He closed his eyes slightly, listening to the discussions below!

"Where is the chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, the leader of the Thousand Beast Hall and the Hundred Beast Grandmaster?"

When the voices in the shrine quieted down, the old man slowly opened his eyes and asked!

"Reporting to the Emperor God, the four chairmen of the Heavenly Beast Group are now together, discussing about revenge!"

A minister immediately cupped his hands and said!

"Ask them if they are willing to join our East Li Immortal Dynasty!"

The Emperor God said indifferently!

"Emperor God, you can't. Once we recruit the four of them, the Dragon Palace will become our enemy!"

"Lord Liu, they are already enemies with the Dragon Palace. Although the Heaven Beast Corporation's disciples have all been destroyed and their foundations have been destroyed, the four of them are level 3 immortal King Warriors and Beast Tamers!"

"Furthermore, they have ten immortal King War Pets in their hands. If we recruit them, our strength will greatly increase. So what if it's the Dragon Palace?"

A minister immediately tried to stop him, but he was quickly refuted by the minister beside him!

"Father, I think we can settle the four of them first, and then look at the attitude of the Dragon Palace. If the Dragon Palace has a tendency towards us, we can recruit them!"

At this moment, a middle-aged man walked up and said respectfully!

"Do as I tell you. It's just a Dragon Palace!"

The Emperor on the dragon throne glanced at everyone below and waved his hand. Then, he disappeared instantly!

"This..."

Several ministers frowned. The crown prince also frowned!

"The Dragon Palace's war pets are worthy of our help!"

On the right, at the 1st position, a official said, turning to leave!

The Dragon Palace's strength was enough to make them take it seriously, making them slightly wary!

If possible, they weren't willing to fight with the Dragon Palace, this wouldn't be of much benefit to them!

However, if they could capture the Dragon King and destroy the Dragon Palace, this would be a huge opportunity for the East Li Undying Dynasty!

Sometimes, they had to take risks!

The East Li Immortal Empire also wanted to step into the more prosperous central region and not stay in such a remote place!

The Dragon Palace's war pets were an opportunity!

"Dragon King, we went to the territory of the Heaven Beast Corporation in time and obtained a lot of things!"

"Moreover, we have already suppressed the dozens of planets. Our Dragon Palace can directly enter the ocean of those planets!"

At the same time, in the Dragon Palace located on the Tianze continent, Ao he and the rest returned and spoke to Wang Xian with smiles on their faces!

"Very good. Absorb all the resources that can be absorbed immediately. Have you found the immortal divine kingdom? Those that haven't, follow me to look for them immediately!"

"Also, this time around, AO he, your strength should be able to increase once. Ao Qitian, you should also be able to increase once. Use up all the resources and do your best to increase the strength of our Dragon Palace!"

Upon hearing the reports from Ao crab and the rest, Wang Xian ordered with a smile on his face!