Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2477: 2477 Dragon Palace upgrade

The Heaven Beast Corporation, the Thousand Beast Hall, the Heavenly Tiger Sect, and Grandmaster paleo-beast were the four overlords of war pets in this region!

Along with the other small factions, they had a huge amount of resources. However, because the leaders of the four big factions weren't killed, they had a lot less resources!

Even so, the Dragon Palace still obtained a lot of resources this time!

Especially the various fixed assets. After selling them, they would be able to obtain quite a number of God Stones!

Apart from that, there were also over a dozen planets!

In the following period of time, Wang Xian brought ao he and the rest to search for the immortal God countries. With the corpses around, it wasn't too difficult to search through the array formation!

The Dragon Palace spent over a dozen days to build the Dragon Palace in the ocean of these dozen planets. They sold all the fixed assets of the various powers and used them all to buy pills!

"Dragon King, the immortal kingdoms with nine attributes have been gathered. All the god stones have been used to buy elixirs!"

Fifteen days later, Prime Minister Gui walked over with a smile on his face and reported to Wang Xian!

"Alright, let's raise the level of the Dragon Palace first and raise the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!"

He squinted his eyes and stood up immediately!

Ding! "Do you wish to devour metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, wind, lightning, and Darkness Immortal King to advance to the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the Dragon Throne as the system's voice rang out!

"Devour, upgrade!"

He immediately gave the order!

Buzz 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Crack Crack Crack

The next moment, the entire dragon palace trembled as nine-colored laws gradually enveloped the entire dragon palace!

At the same time, the area of the Dragon Palace expanded at a terrifying speed!

The Dragon Palace, which was originally 1,000 kilometers in circumference, was now 10,000 kilometers in circumference. It was located in the underground sea and was emitting a nine-colored luster!

In the Dragon Palace, all the members of the Dragon Palace looked around with joy!

Dragon Palace: Level 8

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (Eternal God Lord Level Seven Yin-yang five elemental divine dragon)

Buildings:

Dragon King Hall: Level 8(increases the cultivation speed and recovery speed of the Dragon King by 768 times)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 8(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon seed, origin: 15324555)

Dragon Gate: Level 8(a fish can only become a dragon after leaping through the Dragon Gate, effective against creatures below void God Emperor!)

Sea-pacifying divine needle: Level 8(Dragon Palace pillar, pacifying 80,000 kilometers of the Dragon Palace, increasing the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace by 1,000% !)

Dragon Cave: Level 8(with 10 million dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will increase by 512 times!)

Dragon Field: Level 8(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 256 times!)

Dragon Array: Level 8(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, wormhole, detection, Attack!)

Spiritual items:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return the soul of creatures below Eternal Lord Level!)(activate the spiritual intelligence of Creatures!)(increase 400% of the speed of fire attribute cultivators! 400% of the speed of wood attribute cultivators, 400% of the speed of lightning attribute cultivators!)

P.S. Dragon transformation pool breeding dragon species.

Current dragon species: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, strange demon, light spike, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster, Starwood Dragon species, fire phoenix dragon species...

Current top-tier dragon species of the dragon palace: Arrow Dragon species, Spike Dragon species, mad dragon species, Starwood Dragon species, golden swordfish dragon species!

Special buildings:

Dragon Nest: Devouring Dragon (None)

Devouring Dragon: it consumes energy to create its own insect species. The mother insect feeds on all kinds of metal materials!

An extremely terrifying power of laws filled the entire dragon palace. Now, an ordinary person was placed here and allowed to cultivate slowly. In a year's time, he would be able to cultivate to the godly state!

In a dozen to twenty years, he would be able to advance to the level of the Eternal Lord. This was the power and terror of the Dragon Palace Now!

"This time, the improvement of the Dragon Palace is much faster than before!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. Last time, he was only upgraded after he reached the level of an eternal God Lord. This time, before he reached the level of an immortal king, the Dragon Palace had already been upgraded!

A Level 8 Dragon Palace could already be hidden in the void crack. However, it was different from an ordinary immortal god country!

If the Dragon Palace hid within the space fissure, it would form an ocean within!

An undying country, the size of the space within the space fissure, one could see the strength of an undying country!

The strength of the Dragon Palace was definitely not something a normal undying country could compare to!

The attributes of the Dragon Palace had doubled, and there was one more pinnacle dragon, this represented the limit of the Dragon Palace!

There were a total of five of them. Three of them were dragon species that had existed in the Dragon Palace in the past. The other three Starwood Dragon species were due to the ancestral tree!

The golden swordfish dragon species were also known as the Dragon Guards. Currently, the Dragon Guards could only fight two levels above them. The reason why they were classified as peak-level dragon species was due to their potential. They also possessed great potential!

The ancestral tree had now become a towering tree. It was at least 2,000 meters tall with luxuriant branches and leaves. It emitted a holy radiance that enveloped the dragon throne!

This caused Wang Xian to sit at the bottom of the throne. It was filled with mystery and divine radiance!

The level of the ancestral tree was still a question mark. Even with Wang Xian's current strength, he could not detect it!

According to Wang Xian's estimation, an existence like the ancestral tree was the top holy item in the universe!

After all, it was because of the ancestral tree that the Starwood Dragon Seed was born!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, gather immediately!"

Wang Xian immediately gave an order!

The number of members of the Dragon Palace had already reached 170,000!

This was not counting ao he's subordinates. Ao he's devouring dragon had already reached 100,000. All of them were at the level of the Eternal Lord. It was extremely terrifying!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Soon, more than 100,000 members of the Dragon Palace gathered in the Dragon Field!

Every single one of them was exuding a powerful aura!

Wang Xian swept his gaze across and smiled!

The Dragon Palace had already reached 170,000 members. Every single one of them could be considered as a powerhouse in this area!

The leader was the 55 immortal king level powerhouses of the Dragon Palace. This did not include the immortal King Level Powerhouse of the Devouring Dragon!

"The energy in the dragon transformation pool can allow 50 members to have the combat strength of an immortal king. Prime Minister Gui, assign 50 members of the Dragon Palace to increase their combat strength!"

"As for the other 55 members of the immortal god King, I will help you to upgrade your combat strength again. The disciples of the immortal god Lord level will also receive a huge upgrade!"

Wang Xian said to all the members of the Dragon Palace!

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

All the members responded immediately!

"Ao he, your devouring dragon should have a huge upgrade this time!"

Wang Xian's gaze landed on Ao he as he spoke!

After killing nearly 40 immortal kings, there were quite a number of level 2 immortal kings. According to the resources that the devouring dragon needed to upgrade!

This time, the devouring dragon could add 10 Level 1 eternal God Lord members. Ao he could upgrade to level 2 immortal King!

Other than him, the resources should be enough for one devouring dragon to upgrade to Level 2 immortal King!

According to Wang Xian's rough estimation, the Dragon Palace should be able to increase the combat strength of three immortal King Level 4!

At that time, it was time for the Dragon Palace to counterattack!