Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2478: 2,478 declaring war? The arrogance of the Dragon Palace?

Time slowly passed, half a month to an undying emperor with a million years of life span, it was just a snap of the fingers!

But to the Dragon Palace, they were a million times faster than the other powers!

In half a month, all the members of the dragon palace had completely digested all the resources!

Close to 40 undying emperor corpses, along with the resources from the sale, made Ao Qi Tian step into undying Emperor Level 1!

Undying Level 1, he had undying level 4 battle strength!

Other than Ao Qi Tian's improvement, ao Xing Mu, Ao Qi, Mu Ze Sen and the 3 members of the Dragon Palace all had undying level 2 battle strength!

Right now, the number of Dragon Palace Undying Level 1 members had reached 80!

Other than them, the ones who had increased the most were the devouring dragon, Ao he and the others!

Ao he and the others could be said to be part of the Bug clan, the bug clan's characteristics were fully displayed on them!

The strongest was their crazy growth and reproduction!

Their numbers didn't increase, but their strength had increased by a lot!

Close to 40 undying countries, the swallowing dragon had 12 undying level 1 existences!

Among them, a few level 2 undying countries allowed ao he and a swallowing dragon to reach undying level 2!

Level 2 could fight level 4!

Level 1 could fight level 3!

In other words, the Dragon Palace had 3 undying King Level 4 fighters, 18 undying King Level 3 fighters, 6 undying King Level 2 fighters, and 80 undying King Level 1 fighters!

There were a total of 107 undying king level fighters!

This was not counting Wang Xian!

More than 100 undying king level fighters were definitely overlords in this region!

The Iron Blood Alliance, which was hidden very deeply and many people didn't know about, was much weaker than the dragon palace in terms of overall strength!

After all, the Iron Blood Alliance only had over forty undying godly monarchs!

"Dragon King, during the period when the Dragon Palace's strength increased, we discovered something about the chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the sect leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, the Hall leader of the Thousand Beast Hall, and the ancient Beast Grandmaster!"

In the Dragon King's Hall, Prime Minister Gui walked in with a piece of information in his hand!

"Eh? Have you found them?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked immediately!

During the month when the members of the Dragon Palace were improving, although Wang Xian's strength did not improve further, he used this period of time to completely master the black hole disturbance formation that could trap a level three immortal King!

In the past, he did not have the time to master it, so a level 3 immortal king could easily shatter the black hole disturbance formation!

Now, he could completely trap it!

In other words, he could capture a level 3 immortal king desolate beast and kill a level 3 immortal King!

"Dragon King, someone found them at the East Li Immortal Dynasty!"

Prime Minister GUI reported!

"East Li Immortal Dynasty!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

During the previous battle, the East Li Immortal Dynasty had secretly helped them and bought their battle pets in advance. Wang Xian was very clear about that!

At that time, the Dragon Palace was not a match for the East Li Immortal dynasty, so Wang Xian did not take any action!

But now!

"Are you sure that the four of them are in the East Li Immortal Dynasty?"

Wang Xian confirmed!

"Yes, Dragon King. This matter has been reported to the AI. Now, almost everyone knows about it!"

"Furthermore, during the battle a month ago, everyone and all the factions basically understand that the east li immortal dynasty is involved!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately said!

"In that case, go and announce it. Ask the East Li Immortal dynasty to hand over the four of them. Otherwise, they would be making an enemy out of the Dragon Palace!"

"Hehe, this area has been peaceful for too long!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he spoke to Prime Minister Gui!

His Dragon Palace was no longer so easy to bully!

Since they dared to participate in this, they would have to pay the price!

The reason why he wanted them to hand over the four of them, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation, was to see their attitude!

If they were determined to go their own way, then let's fight!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded and retreated!

It had been a month since the last world-shaking battle!

However, even after a month had passed, that battle still had a lot of heat!

Especially not long ago, someone saw the four of them in the East Li Immortal dynasty!

This basically confirmed that the East Li Immortal dynasty was involved in that battle!

However, the East Li Immortal dynasty did not make any announcement, and the Dragon Palace also fell silent!

This made many people guess that the Dragon Palace did not dare to completely offend the East Li Immortal dynasty!

After all, as a dynasty with a long history of tens of millions of years, they had an immortal King Level 4 powerhouse to oversee it!

The foundation they had was much stronger than the Heaven Beast Corporation!

The Dragon Palace was no match for the East Li Immortal dynasty!

It was possible that the Dragon Palace would take it as if the East Li Immortal dynasty did not interfere!

"Hiss... quickly go to the main page of the Brain Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace has announced something. They actually asked the east li immortal dynasty to hand over the four chairmen of the Heavenly Beast Corporation!"

"What? How is this possible? The Dragon Palace did not take any action for a month. Why did they suddenly announce it?"

"It's true, this... They actually asked the east li immortal dynasty to hand over the chairman and the other three, or else the consequences would be at their own risk, this is a blatant threat!"

"Crazy, this Dragon Palace is really crazy, directly asking the east li immortal dynasty to hand over the people, or else the consequences would be at their own risk, this can be said to be a declaration of war!"

The Dragon Palace's announcement was like a huge rock on a calm lake! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When everyone thought that the Dragon Palace was afraid of the East Li Dynasty and would pretend that this matter had never happened, the Dragon Palace actually made such an announcement!

This was a blatant declaration of war!

There was only one possibility that could be calmed down, and that was for the East Li dynasty to hand over the four of them, but was it possible?

The possibility was very small!

Once the East Li Immortal dynasty handed them over, it would be a huge blow to the East Li Dynasty's prestige!

The announcement of the Dragon Palace Warpet spread through the area at a terrifying speed!

In less than half an hour, almost everyone watching the AI knew about this news!

This caused the hundreds of thousands of life planets to shake!

"Will the East Li Dynasty start a war with the Dragon Palace?"

"The Dragon Palace is no match for the East Li Dynasty. How dare they declare war so arrogantly?"

Some people were shocked!

"Arrogant! How dare they ask the East Li dynasty to hand over the four chairmen of the Heavenly Beast Group? Hahaha, does he really think that he can fight us with such strength?"

"I haven't even prepared to fight with them, they actually dare to provoke US first!"

At this moment, in the East Li Immortal Dynasty's palace on the East Li Planet, the Emperor God roared with a face full of dignity and disdain!

"Immediately announce the generals and ministers, the four of them!"