Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2479: 2479 East Li Dynasty’s disregard

"Reporting to the Divine Emperor!"

In the East Li Dynasty's imperial study, one by one, important generals and ministers entered and called out respectfully!

In the middle seat, the Divine Emperor leaned against a chair and gave them a faint signal!

"Dear ministers, please wait a moment!"

The divine emperor said and gently sipped the tea on the table!

The generals and ministers looked at each other, silently waiting on the side!

"Emperor!"

5 minutes later, 4 old men slowly walked in, looking at the emperor before them, respectfully cupping their hands!

"Hehe, my four friends, please take a seat, since we've invited you here today, I'm sure you already know some things!"

The emperor looked at the 4, smiling as he said!

"Emperor God, the Dragon Palace is extremely arrogant. They don't care about the East Li Immortal dynasty at all. What do you plan to do?"

The people who came were naturally the chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, the leader of the Thousand Beast Hall, and the ancient Beast Grandmaster!

The four of them said expressionlessly!

"What do you all want to do? The Dragon Palace wants to destroy the four of you!"

The emperor smiled and said to them!

"Is the emperor going to hand us over?"

The leader of the Sky Tiger sect looked at him and said!

"Our East Li Immortal dynasty would not do such a thing. However, the Dragon Palace is trying to eradicate the four of you!"

The emperor shook his head and said!

"Four leaders, although you are not weak, as long as the Dragon Palace is here, it is impossible for you to rise again!"

"Unless you go to other areas to survive!"

At this time, an important official added after the Emperor finished speaking! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

His words made the four of them look gloomy!

They had already heard about the intelligence system. They did not expect the dragon palace to be so arrogant as to ask the east li immortal dynasty to hand them over!

The Dragon Palace wanted to offend the East Li Immortal Dynasty and kill them?

And, with just the Dragon Palace's strength, they were their match?

They and the Dragon Palace could be said to be irreconcilable, and just like the official said, it would be difficult for them to make a comeback here!

Unless they left, but where would they go?

How could they be willing to leave?

The four of them looked at each other, looking at the Emperor!

"Four of you, what do you think, Join Our East Li Undying Dynasty and be given four kings with different surnames, each taking control of a planet!"

"If we capture that Dragon King in the future, the four of you are all Beast Taming Grandmasters, you will become the Pillars of our East Li Undying Dynasty!"

The emperor smiled and said to them!

The four of them were silent!

This wasn't the first time the East Li Dynasty had recruited them, a month ago they had also tried to recruit them, but they didn't agree!

"OK, but we have one condition, that Dragon King and the Dragon Palace must be destroyed!"

The four of them exchanged a few words in secret, slowly raising their heads and saying firmly!

"Haha, OK, OK, of course, with the four brothers joining us, destroying the Dragon Palace naturally won't be hard!"

The emperor stood up and laughed loudly!

"We welcome the four lords to join the East Li Dynasty!"

The officials and generals beside stood up and congratulated with smiles!

"HM, Emperor, what should we do now?"

The four of them cupped their hands and asked!

"Everyone has seen the power of the Dragon Palace, five undying Emperor Level 3 warriors, this organization isn't weak, it can be said to be very strong, if we want to destroy it, we'll have to pay a huge price!"

"Recently, we've found a few powerful beast taming grandmasters to help tame the 13 battle pets we bought from the Dragon Palace, we should be able to do so in another half a month!"

"I wonder if the 10 battle pets in your hands have been tamed?"

"Of course, since the Dragon Palace dares to challenge us so arrogantly, we naturally won't remain indifferent!"

The Emperor God smiled and looked at the four people!

"General Song!"

"Yes, your Majesty!"

"Send someone to seal the Dragon Palace's pet shop on our East Lake Planet!"

"It's the Emperor God!"

He immediately ordered a general beside him!

"Prime Minister Li!"

"Yes, your Majesty!"

"Send an order to all the forces to forbid the purchase of the Dragon Palace's pet shop!"

"It's the Emperor!"

Another order was given, and a prime minister nodded!

"Hehe, four princes, our East Li Undying Empire has stood here for over 10 million years, we'll let you all experience our strength and strength!"

The Emperor said to the four, walking over and patting their shoulders!

"Alright, let's See!"

The four of them smiled!

Once they captured the Dragon King, it would be a huge opportunity for them!

"Emperor God, do we still need to announce it on the AI?"

An important official asked!

"Announce? This is the behavior of the weak. If the Dragon Palace is strong enough, they can send people over, Hehe!"

Emperor God shook his head, his eyes revealing a look of disdain!

Currently, in the East Li Immortal dynasty, there were five level 3 immortal king level experts. With the four of them joining, there were nine!

Most importantly, there were level 4 immortal king level experts!

They now had more than 40 immortal king level experts, and one of them was that they had a total of 16 immortal King Battle Pets!

Including the 10 of the Heaven Beast Corporation's chairman and the rest, they had 26!

Their undying godly monarch experts had a total of more than 60!

Adding on some other trump cards, their strength, even if they did not count the level 4 undying godly monarch experts, was double that of the Heaven Beast Corporation!

With double strength, they could easily suppress the Dragon Palace!

"It's the god King!"

The officials immediately nodded!

"Right now, the most important thing is to find an opportunity to capture the Dragon King!"

He said indifferently, following which, he waved his hand, "Inform the East Li Undying God King, to welcome chairman Du and the others to join our East Li Undying God dynasty, a ceremony will be held in five days. At the same time, Prime Minister Li, you will send out invitations to all the major powers!"

"Yes!"

Everyone's hearts moved as they nodded!

The group left, general song led his underlings and immediately headed towards East Chi Planet!

Through the teleportation formation, they quickly arrived at East Chi planet's administrative office!

The people from East Chi Planet had received the news and were already waiting here!

The group of a few hundred people didn't hesitate at all as they flew straight towards the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!

"Seal it!"

They were very fast. When they arrived in front of the dragon palace pet shop, they attracted the attention of many people around them!

General song waved his hand at the people around him and said immediately!

"Yes, General!"

The people nodded and walked to the door of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop immediately!

"Bang!"

A middle-aged man waved his hand, and the plaque with the words 'Dragon Palace pet'broke into two halves!

The others immediately put a seal on it!

Dragon Palace Pet Shop, seal!