Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2480: 2480 Dragon Palace Gift 1

"This... This Is?"

Around the Dragon Palace Pets, some people were shocked as they looked at the seal on the shop!

They looked at the card that had been destroyed!

"It's the East Li Undying Dynasty!"

Everyone's expression changed when they saw the Enforcers in the shop!

"The East Li Undying Dynasty has sealed the shop!"

"Is this a response to the Dragon Palace's words on the AI?"

"Rumble, compared to the Dragon Palace, the East Li Undying dynasty is simply too strong!"

The surrounding people discussed softly, their faces filled with shock!

And when General song brought his men to the Dragon Palace's pet shop, Prime Minister Li represented the East Li Undying Dynasty and began to pay a visit to the various powers!

Saying he was paying a visit, it was actually a notification!

Banning the purchase of Dragon Palace Pets!

"Latest news, the Dragon Palace Pet Shop on East Lake Planet has been sealed, the East Li Immortal dynasty has sent people to seal it!"

"Is this the east li immortal dynasty's response to the Dragon Palace? Sealing the dragon palace pet shop, they don't even care about it!"

"Ever since the Dragon Palace announced it, the East Li Immortal Dynasty hasn't responded at all, and now they've sealed the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!"

"Not only did they seal the Dragon Palace's pet shop, the East Li Undying dynasty is now informing the various powers that they are prohibited from buying the Dragon Palace's pets!"

"What? The East Li Undying dynasty is completely sealing the Dragon Palace's pets?"

Very quickly, the news spread to the AI at a terrifying speed!

When everyone saw the news, they were all shocked!

The East Li Dynasty didn't announce anything, but their actions showed that they didn't care about the Dragon Palace at all!

The Dragon Palace had only threatened them on the internet, and the East Li dynasty didn't say anything, immediately sealing their pets!

With the East Li Dynasty's position and power in this star field, they controlled the East Lake Business Planet, who would dare to violate the East Li Undying Dynasty's seal?

Who would dare to buy war pets in the East Li Immortal Dynasty in the future?

No one would dare?

Even if the Dragon Palace sold them at a lower price!

"Look at the main page of the East Li Immortal Dynasty's computer, the East Li Immortal Dynasty has announced something!"

At this moment, another piece of information caused a huge sensation!

The announcement of the East Li Immortal dynasty had nothing to do with the Dragon Palace, but it had a lot to do with the East Li Immortal dynasty!

The former Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Group, the leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, the leader of the Ten Thousand Beast Hall, and the Master of ancient beasts all announced that they had joined the East Li Immortal dynasty!

The East Li Immortal dynasty would hold a ceremony in five days and invite all the major forces to come!

Four level 3 Eternal God lords had joined, and they were all Master Beast Tamers. It was indeed worth it for the East Li Immortal dynasty to hold a ceremony!

When this news came out, everyone was in an uproar!

"This... What does the East Li Immortal dynasty mean? The Dragon Palace threatened them to hand it over, but in the end, all four of them joined the East Li Immortal dynasty and even became Kings with different surnames. They even invited all the powers in the world to come and congratulate them five days later?"

"This is a complete slap in the face, a blatant slap in the face. They don't put the Dragon Palace in their eyes at all!"

"Chairman Du of the Heavenly Beast Group, the leader of the Heavenly Tiger Sect, the leader of the Ten Thousand Beast Hall, and the Master of the ancient beast, all of them are influential figures in our region. If they join the East Li Dynasty, the power of the East Li dynasty will be even more terrifying!"

"Once the four of them join, the power of the East Li Dynasty will increase by a lot. The announcement of the Dragon Palace is a slap to the face. If you steal the chicken, you will end up losing the rice!"

Countless people expressed their opinions on the AI!

Everyone had some understanding of the power of the leader of the Heaven Beast Group and the Immortal dynasty of the East Li Dynasty!

They even had some understanding of the power of the Dragon Palace in the last battle!

Now that they looked at it, the gap between the Dragon Palace and the East Li dynasty was huge, especially with four top-tier experts joining the East Li Dynasty!

The threat of the Dragon Palace had now become a joke!

Most importantly, the He Dian five days later represented a piece of information!

The forces that came to participate would definitely support the East Li Dynasty!

In other words, they promised the East Li dynasty that they would never buy the war pets of the Dragon Palace in the future!

How many factions would participate in the event?

Many people were almost certain that at least 90% of the factions in this region would participate in the event!

With the strength of the East Li Celestial Empire, no faction would dare to provoke them for no reason!

This made many people realize that the Dragon Palace would be isolated in the future!

As for whether they would be attacked by the East Li Celestial Empire in the future, no one knew!

"Dragon King, this is what happened just now!"

At this moment, in the Dragon Palace on the Tianze continent, Prime Minister Gui transmitted the news from the outside to Wang Xian immediately!

Wang Xian didn't need Prime Minister Gui to relay the news. He had also seen the news from the AI!

"The Dragon Palace's pet shop has been sealed. The four of them from the Heaven Beast Corporation have joined the East Li Dynasty. Hehe, interesting. The East Li Dynasty doesn't put us in their eyes at all!"

"However, from their point of view, they do have the right to not put us in their eyes!"

Wang Xian leaned back on the dragon throne, and his eyes were sparkling!

"Dragon King, in five days, they will invite all the major forces to head over. At that time, almost all the powerhouses from the entire East Li Immortal Celestial Empire will be here. When that time comes, we..."

Prime Minister Gui stood at the side and said softly to Wang Xian!

"I was still thinking about how to gather all the powerhouses from the east li immortal dynasty so that we can catch them all in one go!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as a smile appeared on his face!

"This is indeed a good opportunity!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

Buzz Buzz Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian's brain started to tremble!

"D * mn, boss Wang, I'm going to be done for!"

"Just now, the Prime Minister of the East Li Immortal dynasty came to our overlord and warned us. He told us to head to the East Li Planet in five days!"

"Now, my master told me not to go out and not to look for you, boss Wang. F * ck, boss Wang, F * ck them!"

"I'm so miserable. There are still a few God kings in the Overlord sect who are unhappy with me. One of them is a level 2 immortal god King. F * ck, I want to F * ck him to death!"

"Sob sob sob sob, boss Wang, I'm so pitiful. I'll sneak to the Tianze continent to look for you in two days!"

Wang Xian opened his AI and saw a video sent to him by invincible battle technique!

In the video, he was crying and wailing loudly!

Wang Xian smiled when he saw him like this. His eyes were sparkling!

"Come over if you're Alright!"

Wang Xian sent him a message and slowly leaned on the dragon chair!

"Get everyone in the Dragon Palace to prepare and get the fire hammer clan to create some black hole disturbance formations!"

He spoke to Prime Minister Gui Slowly!

Obviously, the East Li Dynasty knew that he had a good relationship with invincible battle technique, so they threatened the Overlord sect!

Some people in the Overlord sect were afraid that invincible battle technique would implicate them, so they had a lot of opinions about him! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"It's the Dragon King. Five days later, our Dragon Palace will send them a congratulatory gift!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile!