Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2481: 2481 congratulatory gift 2 from the Dragon Palace

"Boss Wang, I'm here. I'm at the wall of Protection!"

There were still three days left until the ceremony of the East Li Dynasty in five days. Everything in the Dragon Palace was being prepared in an orderly manner!

On this day, invincible battle technique came to the Tianze continent and immediately sent him a message!

"Wait there for a moment. Someone will come to pick you up very soon!"

Wang Xian received the message from invincible battle technique and immediately sent a member of the Dragon Palace to pick him up!

"Boss Wang, Your Dragon Palace is too luxurious. My Goodness, is this your dragon throne? Do you have to be so domineering?"

Invincible battle technique followed a member of the Dragon Palace to the Dragon King's palace. He widened his eyes and looked around in shock!

He had also entered his master's immortal nation. Compared to the Dragon Palace, the difference was simply too huge!

"How did you sneak out?"

Wang Xian looked at him with a smile and asked!

"Hehe, boss Wang, no matter what, I have the level two immortal King Battle Pet that you gave me. Coupled with my master's identity, the rest of the Overlord sect still don't dare to imprison me!"

Invincible in battle technique smiled!

"Boss Wang, it seems that the East Li dynasty is trying to deal with the Dragon Palace. I heard from my master that with the strength of the East Li Dynasty and the four people from the Heaven Beast Group, the Dragon Palace is probably not their match!"

"Boss Wang, you guys have to be careful. However, with our strength, it won't be easy for the East Li Dynasty to deal with the Dragon Palace!"

Then, he continued!

"We don't have the strength to deal with the East Li Immortal dynasty yet. However, it's not certain if the East Li dynasty will still exist in five days!"

Wang Xian said to him indifferently. He didn't hide anything!

Although invincible battle technique was unreliable, he was still very reliable!

"Huh? Boss Wang, what do you mean?"

Invincible battle technique looked at Wang Xian in astonishment!

"Nothing much. Three days later, when the East Li Immortal dynasty's he Dian arrives, I'm prepared to give them a big gift!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"This..."

Invincible battle technique widened his eyes!

"How about it? Do you want to join in the fun?"

Wang Xian walked to his side and patted his shoulder with a smile!

"Gulp, boss Wang, you're not joking, right? Are We really giving them a gift or a fake gift?"

Invincible battle technique opened his mouth slightly, and a trace of cold sweat appeared on his forehead!

To be honest, he was also filled with fear towards the giant East Li Immortal dynasty!

Looking at boss Wang's intentions, he actually wanted to...

"What do you think?"

Wang Xian looked at him with a smile!

"Boss Wang, I'm invincible in combat techniques, not cowardice. I'm afraid that my master will beat me to Death!"

Invincible in combat techniques had a bitter expression on his face. However, he quickly raised his eyebrows and asked, "Boss Wang, are you confident?"

"Would I do something that I'm not confident about?"

Wang Xian asked back!

"Then, you can't leave me out of this. After all, invincible battle technique is also an immortal king level existence!"

Invincible battle technique rubbed his hands and said with a smile!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him and smiled!

"You should know about the bloodline in your body, right?"

Wang Xian's gaze landed on him as he sensed the powerful bloodline power!

"I know, boss Wang. With the protection of my bloodline, I'm invincible in my battle techniques. I'm destined to become an invincible powerhouse who can roar the starry sky!"

Invincible in battle techniques opened his mouth and raised his head slightly as he said proudly!

"Your bloodline is very strong. Let me bring you to raise your strength!"

Wang Xian patted his shoulder and brought him into the dragon transformation pool!

"Boss Wang, you're the best. If I were a girl..."

"Get lost!"

"Boss Wang, I have a sister. Do you want to think about it? This sister of mine is not bad!"

"Shut up!"

Wang Xian brought invincible battle technique to the location of the Dragon Transformation Pool!

There was still a lot of dragon blood in the dragon transformation pool. He looked at invincible battle technique that was glowing in his eyes. With a wave of his arm, he threw it directly into the pool!

"Absorb the energy inside and come out when you reach level one immortal king. I will prepare an immortal kingdom for you!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian said to him calmly!

"Wa wa wa wa, this is so awesome!"

Very soon, invincible battle technique's shrieks rang out!

Wang Xian ignored him and asked Prime Minister Gui to send someone to watch him as he walked into the Dragon King's Palace!

The level of the bloodline in invincible battle technique was extremely high. It was so high that if he didn't lose it midway, it would be enough for him to become a top powerhouse in the universe!

Furthermore, he was Wang Xian's only friend in this resplendent region. It was fine to help him a little!

Just as invincible battle technique was immersed in cultivating in the dragon transformation pool!

In the outside world, the news of the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation and the rest joining the East Li Immortal dynasty was spreading like wildfire!

More and more news came from the East Li Immortal dynasty!

For example, the four chairmen of the Heavenly Beast Corporation were given the title of kings with different surnames, each of them controlling a planet!

For example, the East Li Immortal Dynasty would establish a war pet shop, which would be led by the four of them!

Especially the establishment of a war pet shop, which would be a blatant enemy of the Dragon Palace's War Pets!

The day of He Dian was getting closer and closer, and on the AI, there were news every day that a certain force was going to the East Li Immortal dynasty to attend the ceremony!

"Over 100,000 human planets, over 104th and 5th tier powers, there are already over 10 that are prepared to attend the ceremony!"

"This time, at least 90% of the powers of the East Li Undying Dynasty will go, or even more!"

"This is obviously a surrender, anyone who doesn't attend this ceremony will definitely be considered to be related to the Dragon Palace!"

"That's right, from this ceremony, we can basically determine the situation between the East Li Undying Dynasty and the Dragon Emperor!"

"There's no need to fight? The dragon palace can not compare to the East Li Dynasty at all!"

On the AI, the ceremony this time caused countless discussions.

"Reporting to the Emperor, 4th and 5th level powers have a total of 35,23 have already arrived, and they have also replied that they will arrive early tomorrow!"

At the same time, within the East Li Undying God dynasty, Prime Minister Li was smiling as he reported to Emperor.

"HM, as expected!"

Emperor nodded indifferently!

"Emperor, the Iron Blood Alliance hasn't replied yet!"

However at this time, prime minister Li frowned and said.

"Iron Blood Alliance!"

Emperor's eyes gleamed, as the overlords of this region, they had already received news of the Iron Blood Alliance, they were extremely shocked by the strength of the Iron Blood Alliance!

Now, they didn't place the Dragon Palace in their eyes, but they placed the iron blood alliance in their eyes!

"The Iron Blood Alliance has the threat of the Beast Park. We don't need to take it to heart!"

After a long while, the Emperor God shook his head and waved his hand at him to leave.

Prime Minister Li bowed and left.

Five days passed very quickly. Early in the morning on the fifth day, Wang Xian was standing in the sky above the Sea of the Tianze continent. Behind him stood a group of experts from the Dragon Palace.

A terrifying aura soared into the sky.

"Boss Wang, Wait for me. Hahaha, I'm invincible in combat techniques!"