Chapter 2482: 2482 Dragon Palace’s Congratulatory Gift 3

Above the Underground Sea Dragon Palace of Tian Ze continent!

Wang Xian stood in the air. Beside him, ao crab, Ao Qitian, Ao Yao, Ao Qi, ao Xingmu, Mu Zesen, and Prime Minister Gui stood behind him!

The Dragon Palace's strength was not fully revealed. Initially, they were not prepared to reveal it directly!

To prevent the East Li undying from fleeing in fear!

At this time, the invincible battle technique's voice rang out. It flew out from the ocean and gave off a powerful aura!

Resplendent laws surrounded his entire body and he was in high spirits, filled with excitement!

"Hahaha, boss Wang, luckily I broke through in time and caught up!"

Invincible battle technique opened his mouth and flew towards Wang Xian!

In the past few days, invincible battle technique had absorbed enough dragon blood and his strength had risen to the immortal king level!

With the immortal king level in the Dragon Palace, he didn't even need to build the immortal king level!

The current him was an expert in this region!

Most importantly, he had a powerful bloodline in his body. Even though he had just broken through, his influence wasn't weak!

At the very least, he was not weaker than his ancestor, Mo Hen!

To be able to reach the immortal King realm at the age of less than 1,000 years old with invincible battle techniques was a very shocking thing in the entire starry sky!

"Let's go, the distance is not close!"

Wang Xian looked at the excited invincible battle techniques and said with a smile!

"Hehe, let's go well, boss. Today, let's destroy the Dong Li Immortal dynasty and let them know how powerful I am!"

"When we make our move later, hand over a dozen undying level 1 warriors to me!"

Invincible said proudly and proudly!

To be able to rise from eternal God Lord Level 5 to Undying Level 1 in just a few days, this was something he had never thought of before!

He wasn't even 1,000 years old, yet he was already so powerful, wouldn't that mean he could dominate the entire universe in the future?

Of course, this was just his wishful thinking. He knew that the main reason he could advance this time was boss Wang's Help!

Even if he had the bloodline, without that powerful energy and the immortal God country that boss Wang had prepared for him, he would need at least a few thousand years to advance to Level 1 immortal King!

"Alright, I'll leave it to You Then. I'll leave it to a dozen level 1 immortal king powerhouses!"

Wang Xian smiled. His invincible battle technique was not bad, but he had a level two immortal king level battle pet. He could really deal with more than a dozen level one immortal king level powerhouses!

"Let's Go!"

He continued to speak and flew towards the protective wall!

There was a long-distance teleportation formation that Xuan Tianzi was preparing for the Dragon Palace!

"Dragon King, are you guys going? Do You Need Our Help?"

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived, they saw Xuan Tianzi, Mo Hen, and the experts from the Federation!

Everyone seemed to have understood the situation as well. Looking at Wang Xian and the rest, they frowned and asked!

"There's no need. Some matters can be resolved by the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian shook his head at them!

"Be careful. If necessary, we can take action!"

Xuan Tianzi looked at Wang Xian with a complicated expression!

Not long ago, the young man in front of him had come to the Tianze continent to seek refuge with him. Now, he had grown to an existence that could contend with the overlord of this region!

This made him feel extremely complicated. At the same time, he had some vague guesses!

"There's no need, everyone. Our Dragon Palace can still settle some small matters!"

Wang Xian smiled at them!

"This... then be careful, Dragon King!"

Xuan tianzi and the rest nodded slightly. They knew that even with their help, it wouldn't be of much use!

"Invincible, you..."

At the side, battle tactics mo hen noticed that his battle tactics were invincible. He frowned and shouted!

"Hahaha, wait here. My invincible battle tactics will soon be known throughout the entire region. At that time, more than 100,000 human life planets will know that my battle tactics are invincible!"

"Very soon, the entire space will also hear about my invincible battle technique!"

Invincible battle technique looked at the old ancestor, the corners of his mouth curled up as he said confidently!

"You punk, don't think that just because the Dragon King gave you an undying level 2 battle pet, you think you're so great!"

Mo Hen stared at him and said softly!

"HMPH!"

Invincible battle technique snorted, "Old ancestor, don't look down on me, don't you see who I'm with!"

As he spoke, he flicked his finger and a law fragment flew towards the crotch of invincible battle technique mo hen!

Invincible battle technique Mo Hen's face turned black as he blocked the law fragment with his palm!

"Alright, I'm leaving with boss Wang. Let the people from the land of battle technique pay attention to the AI. HMPH!"

As invincible battle technique spoke, he followed behind Wang Xian and headed towards the teleportation formation!

Hiss

All of a sudden, he stretched out his hand to catch invincible battle technique's ink mark. He stared at the substantial law fragment in his hand and his eyes were filled with shock!

It was as if he didn't hear invincible battle technique's words. His gaze was fixed on the fragment!

"This is?"

Xuan Tianzi, who was standing at the side, also noticed the substantial law fragment in his hand!

"Fatty Zhan FA, Congratulations! Your Zhan FA clan is about to rise up!"

Xuan Tianzi said with some envy!

"Haha, Good, good. Is this the Dragon King's help?"

Zhan fa mo hen could not help but tremble. His face was filled with excitement!

His Zhan Fa clan actually produced another immortal godly king. Furthermore, it was an immortal godly king who was so young that he was a little freakish!

"Weng!"

At the side, Wang Xian and the rest stepped into the teleportation formation and slowly disappeared!

"Howl Howl Howl Howl!"

However, at this moment, in a distant space, five flame undying god King War Pets that were covered in flame laws were flying in the air. On their bodies, there were five figures!

Each figure was emitting a vast pressure, flying in the air like meteors!

The flames streaked past, passing by an incomparably huge universe Beast Garden!

That was the Luo er man Beast Garden, 5 people and 5 powerful battle pets, flying towards the direction of the Iron Blood God dynasty!

"We pay our respects to the emissary of the Raging Flame God Dynasty!"

At the front line of the Iron Blood Alliance, over 10 silhouettes stood there, of which the elder of the Raging Flame Undying Dynasty and a few youths were beside them!

"Emperor Yang!"

The 5 flame undying warriors nodded at them, looking at the old man beside them and shouting! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"HM, I heard that the Emperor has an important matter!"

The old man looked at the 5 and asked curiously!

"It's Emperor Yang, everyone from the Iron Blood Alliance, we are willing to send people to help you, however we need one condition!"

The 5 warriors on undying emperor mounts looked at the Iron Blood Alliance members!

"What? The Raging Flame Empire is willing to help us?"

The moment they finished speaking, everyone from the Iron Blood Alliance was excited, their eyes burning with passion!

"What condition, we iron blood alliance will do our best!"