Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2483: 2483 Dragon Palace’s Congratulatory Gift 4

In front of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, the members of the Iron Blood Alliance stared at the five members of the blazing flame divine dynasty with shock and excitement!

It had not been a day or two since they had sought help from the blazing flame divine dynasty!

Even if one of the princes of the blazing flame divine dynasty had come, they still had not agreed to come and support them!

But this time, the blazing flame divine dynasty had actually proposed a condition to support them!

As long as they didn't pay too heavy a price, they would agree!

"The conditions are very simple!"

The five of them stared at the iron-blood Alliance leader. With a wave of their arms, an image appeared beside them!

"Kill this person in your area. Once he's killed, we agree to help you!"

"If it weren't for the fact that our raging flame God dynasty is too far away from this place, we wouldn't have asked you to attack us!"

Someone in the middle said, pointing at the figure in the picture!

"This is..."

The members of the iron-blood Alliance looked over and saw the figure in the picture, and their faces changed slightly!

"This is the Dragon King!"

The faces of all the members of the iron-blood Alliance changed!

It was the Dragon King!

The Dragon King who helped the iron-blood Alliance when they were in danger!

He was their benefactor!

Now, the blazing flame divine dynasty's condition was to destroy the Dragon King and then help them!

This made everyone's heart sink!

"It's him, grandfather. It's that damn fellow!"

At the side, a few youths saw the person in the picture and shouted with an embarrassed expression!

"En!"

The old man also slowly nodded. His most precious weapon had been destroyed by him!

"Oh? Emperor Yang knows him?"

A Flame God dynasty warrior raised his eyebrows and asked!

"Yes, he has over 10 undying emperors under him, he should be strong in this region!"

Emperor Yang nodded!

"We have some simple information about him, Dragon Palace Dragon King, he has 5 undying level 3 warriors under him, Undying Level 1 and 2 are unknown, he should have some powerful battle pets!"

"Right now, his relationship with the East Li Undying dynasty is very tense, the person we want to kill is him!"

An elder from the Burning Sun Dynasty looked at the Iron Blood Alliance and said!

This caused the expressions of the Iron Blood Alliance members to change!

"Envoys, can we ask how this Dragon Emperor offended you!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader's expression changed as he asked them!

"Oh? You're not willing to do such a simple thing?"

Upon hearing the iron-blood Alliance's words, several experts from the blazing sun dynasty were slightly surprised. According to their previous requests to their side, the other party would immediately agree to such a request!

Now, they were actually hesitating and wanted to ask the specific reason!

"Buzz!"

At this moment, the words of Lord Yang Rang in their ears!

"HMM?"

Hearing his words, the eyes of the five people of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty flickered!

"Everyone of the iron-blood alliance, we can tell you the truth. Our Raging Flame Divine Dynasty has never met that Dragon King, nor do we have any grudges. It's a Lord in the center who wants to kill him!"

"That Lord has spoken, and that Dragon King will die without a doubt. Even if you don't make a move, our raging flame divine dynasty will destroy him by other means. Iron-blood alliance, give us an answer as soon as possible!"

The old man from the Raging Flame Dynasty in the center said slowly!

"Lord from the Central Region!"

Everyone from the iron-blood alliance was slightly shocked!

There was only one force that could be called the lord of the Central Region!

And that was... the imperial court!

"I'll immediately contact the Patriarchs of our iron-blood Alliance!"

The iron-blood Alliance master pursed his lips and immediately sent an urgent message!

All along, the iron-blood Alliance's biggest wish was that the raging flame dynasty agreed to help them!

Now that the other party had agreed, they had to kill their benefactor!

This was an ungrateful thing. He could not make the decision between the two!

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

Soon, in less than a minute, three figures appeared at the side!

The three arrived and cupped their hands toward the people of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty!

"Everyone of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty, give us five minutes to discuss!"

An old man said in a deep voice!

"Yes!"

The people of the raging flame divine dynasty nodded indifferently!

"Great-grandfather, will the people of the iron-blood Alliance agree? You should know that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace helped them a lot not long ago!"

At the side, a youth looked at the members of the Iron Blood Alliance who had flown to the side and asked Lord Yang!

"The Iron Blood Alliance has always been threatened by the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. Even if they are the strongest in a region, they have always been fighting to survive!"

"They will agree because I can feel that in order to live a better life, they will do things that they could not do in the past!"

The corners of King Yang's mouth curled up slightly, and a smile appeared on his face!

He had never thought that the Dragon King who had broken his divine weapon would be killed by a Lord in the Central Region!

This was also very satisfying for him!

"Patriarch, that Dragon King helped us not long ago. This time, we..." Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

At the side, the Alliance Master of the iron-blood Alliance opened his mouth slightly and looked at the three strongest experts of their alliance!

"Our iron-blood alliance is not a heartless person who will repay kindness with enmity!"

An elder shook his head, his face full of hesitation. "But..."

"But we have to think about the hundreds of billions of people of the iron-blood alliance. Anyway, Lord Central wants to kill him, so the Dragon King is already a dead man!"

"The difference is who will kill him!"

As soon as the Patriarch finished his words, another patriarch opened his mouth and said slowly!

The rest of the people sank into silence for a few seconds!

"After all, this is the only chance for our iron-blood alliance in millions of years!"

The leader of the iron-blood Alliance also sighed slowly!

"We will always remember the favor of the Dragon King. But for the sake of our iron-blood alliance, we have to Act!"

The last patriarch looked at the people around him and said solemnly!

"Agreed. Even if we don't agree, the Dragon King won't live for long. For the sake of the iron-blood alliance, we agree!"

"Our iron-blood alliance is clearly the strongest existence in this area, but now it's not as comfortable as many fourth-or fifth-rate forces. I've had enough of this kind of fearful life!"

Beside them, the old men nodded!

"Since that's the case, call all the Warriors of our Iron Blood Alliance back for a discussion!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader said!

"It's the Alliance leader, Alliance leader, the two Deputy Alliance leaders should be in the East Li Undying Empire right now, they were prepared to show off their strength, to see if they could recruit some organizations, should we call them back too?"

An old man said!

"We don't need that, after we discuss it, we'll inform the two Deputy Alliance leaders, they should still need to investigate some news!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader thought for a while, shaking his head!

After they discussed the situation, they would immediately come up with a plan and inform the two Deputy Alliance leaders!