Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2484: 2484 Dragon Palace’s Congratulatory Gift 5

"It's the Alliance Master!"

The members of the iron-blood alliance nodded and looked at the members of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty. Then, they extended their hands and made an inviting gesture!

"We agree to the conditions. We'll talk about the specific situation inside!"

The iron-blood Alliance master said with a Smile!

"Hahaha, good, good!"

The five members of the raging flame divine dynasty laughed with satisfaction on their faces!

Beside them, Emperor Yang and the group of youths all had smiles in their eyes!

At the same time, on East Li Planet, in front of the palace was a huge plaza!

He Dian's ceremony was held at noon, on both sides of the huge plaza, there were rows and rows of soldiers lined up neatly!

There were a total of 200,000 to 300,000 soldiers, the weakest of them were at the Eternal God Lord Level!

They were all dressed in the same uniform, standing there with their heads held high!

In the huge plaza, there was a stone platform in front of them, the entire plaza was filled with an atmosphere and vastness!

Within the plaza, there were already many people from the East Li Undying Empire coming over to watch the ceremony!

From time to time, there would be many powers leading at least a few hundred disciples into the Plaza!

In this area, there were over a thousand powers of all sizes, of which there were over 304th and 5th level powers! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

There was still an hour before noon, close to 304th and 5th level powers had gathered in the huge plaza!

"Almost all the powerful powers in this area have arrived!"

"The influence of the East Li Undying dynasty is still huge, when the celebration begins, all the powers should be here!"

"After all, the East Li Immortal Dynasty has stood in this starry sky for tens of millions of years. They have a deep foundation, how can a single Dragon Palace provoke them!"

"The Dragon Palace is very strong, but compared to the East Li Immortal dynasty, they are still far behind!"

Some of the disciples of the factions glanced around and discussed with shocked faces!

The Dragon Palace shamelessly announced on the AI that they would ask the east li immortal dynasty to hand over the four leaders of the Heaven Beast Group!

In the end, the East Li Dynasty held today's celebration. Almost all the forces in the area were present, slapping the face of the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon Palace's announcement was just a joke!

More and more forces arrived, and the number of people in the square also increased!

Soon, it reached a few million people!

The Sun was high up in the sky, and the time of noon soon arrived. At the front, many experts of the East Li Dynasty appeared!

Seeing the experts from the eastern Li dynasty coming over, the entire plaza gradually quieted down!

"The eastern Li Emperor Is Here!"

Not long after, a voice rang out. Some people looked forward, and at the very front, the eastern Li Emperor slowly walked over with a different gaze!

Beside the eastern Li Emperor, there were four elders!

At this moment, the eastern Li Emperor was dressed in a dragon robe, and the four elders were dressed in Python robes!

Only the East Li Dynasty's emperor-level experts had the right to wear this kind of clothing!

"It's chairman Du of the Heaven Beast Corporation, the Sky Tiger Sect's sect master, the Myriad Beast Hall's Hall Master, and the Ancient Beast Grandmaster!"

In a corner of the square, the Overlord Sect's sect master was seated in the front, looking at the four people who had appeared on the stage, muttering to himself!

Those were experts who were even more brilliant than him, Beast Tamer Grandmasters, their statuses were much more honorable than his overlord Sect's sect master!

"The East Li Divine dynasty is so powerful, with such power, sect leader, it's best to let the invincible young master contact the Dragon King!"

"That's right, sect leader, if we are implicated, our millions of years of foundation will be destroyed!"

Beside him, two old men said softly!

The Overlord sect leader frowned slightly, not saying a word!

Back then, when his disciple had gotten a level 2 undying god King War Pet from the Dragon King, he didn't have so much sarcasm!

"Greetings East Li Emperor!"

Right at this time, East Li Emperor came to the center, looking down at everyone in front of him!

A group of warriors stood up, cupping their hands and shouting!

Even though many of them were on the same level as East Li Emperor, their status was much higher than anyone present!

A salute was worthy of everyone's respect!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"I'm sorry, everyone from the eastern Li Celestial Empire. Our Iron-blood Alliance is a little late!"

However, just as everyone finished speaking, a voice suddenly sounded!

At the entrance, more than ten middle-aged elders were walking over!

"Oh?"

"The iron-blood Alliance is also here?"

Everyone was slightly surprised, and their faces were full of astonishment!

At the front, East Li Divine Emperor was also surprised to see the iron-blood alliance coming over!

"Hahaha, it's not too late. It's the honor of our East Li Dynasty for the iron-blood alliance to be here!"

East Li Divine Emperor welcomed them with enthusiasm, and his attitude surprised all the forces around him!

"Oh? The eastern Li Celestial Emperor..."

"The Iron Blood Alliance has actually come. This is truly unexpected. However, what about the eastern Li Celestial Emperor's attitude?"

Everyone was slightly shocked. They were somewhat surprised by the eastern Li Celestial Emperor's attitude and his words!

Was it the eastern Li Celestial Empire's honor?

To be able to say such words, it was usually the weaker ones who would say such words to the stronger ones!

Wasn't the iron-blood Alliance weaker than the East Li Dynasty?

"Everyone, this way please!"

East Li Celestial Emperor led the two vice-presidents of the iron-blood Alliance to the front!

That seat was where the experts of the East Li dynasty were sitting. The other forces were not qualified to sit there!

"Iron-blood Alliance?"

Chairman du and the others of the Heaven Beast Corporation were also slightly puzzled when they saw the celestial emperor treating the iron-blood alliance so warmly!

"Celestial Emperor Dongli is too polite!"

The two Vice Alliance Masters of the Iron Blood Alliance smiled and cupped their hands!

"Everyone, please take a seat!"

Celestial Emperor Dongli extended his hand politely and gestured for them to take a seat. Then, he turned around and walked to the center of the table again!

"Welcome to the celebration ceremony of the four princes of our East Li Celestial Dynasty today. We are also grateful to the major forces for giving face to our East Li Celestial Dynasty!"

He stood at the front and cupped his hands towards everyone with a smile on his face!

"Taking advantage of today, we will introduce the four princes of our East Li Immortal dynasty with different surnames. At the same time, they will be the four leaders of our East Li Battle Pets in the future!"

"I believe that all of you have some understanding of the four Beast Tamer Grandmasters. I hope that all the major powers will take good care of the East Li Battle Pets Shop in the future!"

The eastern Li Divine Emperor extended his hand and gestured to the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Group before continuing!

The four of them slowly came to the two sides of the eastern Li Divine Emperor. They raised their heads slightly and wore faint smiles on their faces!

"Don't worry, eastern Li Divine Emperor, we will definitely support you!"

"That's right, we will definitely support you!"

The leaders of the various factions below immediately voiced their agreement!

This made Emperor Dongli, who was on the stage, look satisfied!

"Eh? Why did it start so soon? Hahaha, sorry, we're late. The Dragon Palace is here to send a congratulatory gift!"

Suddenly, a voice sounded from the entrance!

The Dragon Palace was here!