Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2485: 2485 Dragon Palace vs East Li Dynasty 1

"Eh? Why is it starting so soon? hahaha, sorry, we are late. The Dragon Palace is here to send a congratulatory gift!"

The sudden voice and sudden laughter resounded throughout the entire square, causing everyone's faces to be filled with astonishment!

In front of them, Emperor Dongli, who was standing in the middle of the stage, paused for a moment. He narrowed his eyes slightly and looked in the direction of the entrance!

The experts and disciples from all the other forces were also slightly shocked. They turned their heads around in shock and astonishment!

At the entrance, Wang Xian walked over with a smile on his face!

Prime Minister Gui Qitian and the rest were standing on the left and right beside him!

Invincible battle technique was also standing on the right. He held his head high and puffed out his chest. He was looking around excitedly!

This area was filled with all the top forces in this area. From today onward, his name of invincible battle technique would shake the entire starry sky!

Thinking about this, invincible battle techniques was extremely excited!

"Si, Dragon Palace Dragon King actually brought people here, this? To send gifts?"

"What do you mean, Dragon Palace Dragon King actually dared to come here and even said he wanted to send gifts, is he trying to ease relations with the East Li Undying Empire?"

"What are they here for? This is the headquarters of the East Li Undying Empire, there are only a dozen of them!"

Some forces saw Dragon King leading a dozen disciples over, their faces filled with shock!

This time, almost all the warriors of the entire East Li Undying Empire had come!

And the dozen or so people from the Dragon Palace, were they here to ease the relationship and send gifts, or for what?

"Shit, invincible in battle is mixed up with Dragon King Again!"

In the Overlord sect's position, the undyings looked at invincible fighter with high morale, their expressions changed!

Invincible fighter was their overlord Sect's disciple, the Overlord sect leader's disciple, he could represent the entire Overlord sect!

Now that he was with the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King, the Overlord sect would definitely be considered to be on the Dragon Palace's side!

If the East Li Undying Dynasty tried to cause trouble for them, they would be finished!

"If he comes with the Dragon King to cause trouble, Our Overlord sect will be in trouble too!"

Another elder said with a gloomy face!

"Calm down. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace didn't come here to cause trouble on purpose. They don't have the ability to do so!"

The Overlord sect leader roared softly!

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace wouldn't be so stupid as to cause trouble here!

The other experts of the Overlord sect had gloomy faces and didn't say anything else. Regardless of whether the dragon palace was here to send a congratulatory gift or something else, their overlord sect would be affected if they were to stand with the Dragon King!

"Eh? It's the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, our benefactor!"

At this moment, the two vice alliance leaders of the Iron Blood Alliance who were sitting at the front were slightly stunned when they saw Wang Xian!

"Dragon King, how Dare You Come Here!"

At this moment, a voice filled with killing intent rang out. On both sides of the Emperor God, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation, the sect leader of the Heaven Tiger Sect, the Hall leader of the Thousand Beast Hall, and Grandmaster paleo-beast were staring at Wang Xian with bloodshot eyes as they clenched their fists tightly!

"Send a gift? Hehe, Your Dragon Palace was so arrogant not long ago and asked us to hand over the four princes. Now, they are sending a gift? Why? Do you want to submit or beg for mercy?"

The Emperor God of the East Li dynasty gestured to the four of them to calm down. He stared at Wang Xian and the rest, raised his head slightly, and asked coldly!

"Submit and beg for mercy? Hehe, we are not here to submit and beg for mercy!"

Wang Xian smiled when he heard his words!

"Dragon King, as an outsider, you have to honor the owner of this place. Otherwise, you will regret it!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, an old man at the side spoke to Wang Xian calmly!

"Oh?" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Wang Xian heard a voice from the right. He raised his eyebrows and turned to stare at him!

"Hehe!"

The old man also looked at Wang Xian and smiled contemptuously!

They were also a fourth-rate force and had the strength of a level three immortal King!

Originally, their force had a very good relationship with the East Li Dynasty. At this moment, when he opened his mouth to speak, he was basically flattering them. However, this flattery was worth it!

They were not afraid of the Dragon Palace either. In their opinion, the dragon palace was much weaker than the East Li Immortal dynasty. If they relied on the East Li Dynasty, why would they be afraid of them?

"Dragon King, this is not a place where you can be impudent!"

"That's right, why don't you take a look at what this place is!"

Just as the old man finished his words, a few voices echoed from the side!

They were all powerhouses from fourth-rate forces!

They stared at Wang Xian and the rest without any fear on their faces!

"I'm talking to the East Li Immortal Emperor. You'd better shut up and don't bring fire upon yourself!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the various factions who had spoken. His eyes were filled with a cold murderous intent!

"Arrogant!"

"Arrogant Fellow!"

When the few of them heard Wang Xian's words, their faces were filled with anger!

"Dragon King, looks like all of you are here to cause trouble. You are here to disrupt our celebration ceremony!"

On the stage, the Emperor of Dongli narrowed his eyes and stared at Wang Xian as he spoke coldly!

"It seems that Emperor Dongli, you are not stupid. Don't tell me that I am really here to send you a congratulatory gift? Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at him and shrugged his shoulders as he mocked him!

"Hua Hua Hua!"

"Boom!"

"Dragon King, you are courting death!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, everyone from the East Li Celestial Empire stood up with a loud bang!

Two to three hundred thousand soldiers on both sides locked onto Wang Xian. In an instant, their aura soared into the sky!

The Four Chairmen of the Heaven Beast Corporation, who were suppressing their killing intent, erupted with a terrifying pressure!

"This..."

"Hiss, is the dragon palace here to cause trouble? Are they here to cause trouble on Purpose?"

"What is the Dragon King trying to do? They are no match for the East Li Immortal Dynasty!"

Everyone was slightly shocked as they watched the sudden change of events with some shock!

"This is bad!"

At the Overlord's position, the expressions of the Warriors changed!

The Dragon King and the others were really here to cause trouble, invincible had followed them, this was totally trapping them in!

"Invincible, get your ass over here right now!"

An overlord warrior couldn't help but shout at Invincible!

He didn't dare to transmit his voice, as the stronger ones could sense it, this would cause the people of the East Li Undying Dynasty to misunderstand!

"HM?"

Invincible was stunned when he heard the leader's words!

"Elder, this is my invincible battle, it has nothing to do with the Overlord!"

He frowned and said directly!

"You, you, you... you are harming our overlord, you don't even know life and death, don't drag us down even if you want to die!"

The elder couldn't help but Shout!

"No one dares to be impudent in the territory of our East Li Immortal Empire!"

At this moment, the voice of the East Li Immortal Emperor rang out!

Boom Boom Boom

In the next moment, immortal kings surrounded Wang Xian and the rest!

There were nearly 30 immortal kings locked onto them!