Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2486: 2,486 Dragon Palace vs East Li Dynasty 2

A towering aura rose up. In the He Dian Square in front of the East Li dynasty palace, the atmosphere instantly froze!

Nearly 30 immortal godly monarchs of the East Li dynasty surrounded Wang Xian and the rest. Their auras locked onto them!

The battle could erupt at any time!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian glanced at the immortal godly monarchs surrounding him and the rest. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Dragon King, the territory of the East Li Immortal Empire is also a place where you can come and go as you please?"

"Is it also a place where you can create trouble here?"

The Immortal King walked forward slowly and stared at Wang Xian with a cold gaze!

At the same time, he had a thought. Behind him, an old man's eyes flickered and he immediately left quietly!

Regarding the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, even if the Dragon King did not come this time, the East Li Immortal Empire would still think of a way to capture him!

Today, the Dragon King's arrival was completely out of his expectations!

However, since he was here, there was no need to leave. If he left alone, he would immediately inform the forefather!

If he wanted to keep the Dragon King and his underlings, he would need the East Li Dynasty's undying Level 4 god King to suppress them!

"Shit, there might be a fight coming!"

On the He Dian Field, all the forces saw this scene and their expressions changed. Their pupils contracted and they stood up immediately!

Some of the leaders immediately ordered their disciples to be on guard and ready to retreat!

"Damn it, damn it, what is this Dragon King trying to do?"

"What is this invincible battle doing?"

The warriors of the Overlord sect saw this scene and their hearts jumped, their expressions ugly!

If they were to cause trouble for the Overlord sect after destroying the Dragon Palace, what could the Overlord sect do to stop them?

Their foundation that had existed for millions of years would be destroyed in an instant!

"Huh?"

"This is?"

At the front, the two deputy chiefs of the iron-blood alliance frowned slightly when they saw this scene. They looked at each other and stood up slowly!

"Stop!"

One of the deputy chiefs of the iron-blood alliance shouted coldly and flew to the front of Wang Xian and the rest!

"Eh? They seem to be from the iron-blood Alliance!"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. When he saw the group of figures flying over, he raised his eyebrows slightly!

"Deputy Chiefs, may I know who they are?"

At the front, the Emperor God's expression changed slightly. He looked at the two of them in puzzlement!

"Dragon King!"

The two of them ignored the emperor God and landed in front of Wang Xian and the rest. They cupped their hands!

"Oh, you two vice-presidents, right? Hello!"

Wang Xian looked at them and nodded slightly!

"Dragon King, are you in trouble? Don't worry, you are the benefactor of the Iron Blood Alliance. With us around, no one would dare to do anything to you in this area!"

A deputy chief said directly to Wang Xian!

"What?"

"The iron-blood Alliance and the East Li Immortal Dynasty are in cahoots? But this iron-blood alliance has such a big tone!"

"The iron-blood Alliance has never been involved in the affairs of various forces. The main reason they are here today is to support the Dragon Palace?"

"This... I initially thought that they were invited by the East Li Immortal dynasty. I didn't expect that they are here to help the Dragon Palace. Is this the preparation that the Dragon Palace has long made?"

"If the Iron Blood Alliance supports the Dragon Palace, that's hard to say. After all, the Iron Blood Alliance is one of the top in our region, and from their attitude just now, they were a little too enthusiastic!"

The Iron Blood Alliance's sudden move shocked everyone, they all looked over!

"Iron Blood Alliance, you all..."

At this moment, East Li Emperor's pupils contracted, his expression extremely serious!

"Iron Blood Alliance members, this is the grudge between our East Li Undying God dynasty and the Dragon Palace, it's not good for you to interfere right!"

He said with a dark expression to the Iron Blood Alliance members!

"We don't care about anything else, the Dragon Palace is our Iron Blood Alliance's benefactor, the Dragon King's matter is our matter, East Li God dynasty, we still have to warn you, with our Iron Blood Alliance here, you can not touch the Dragon King Dragon Palace!"

The two Deputy Alliance Masters said without any mercy!

"Your iron-blood Alliance shouldn't go too far!"

East Li Divine Emperor's expression started to change as he gritted his teeth and said in a low voice!

"East Li Divine Emperor, they're an iron-blood alliance. Do you think we're afraid of them?"

At the side, the four of them, the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation, saw the two iron-blood Deputy Alliance Masters'strong expressions and their expressions changed slightly as they roared in a low voice!

"HMPH, then why don't you ask the East Li Celestial Empire if they dare to Offend Our Iron Blood Alliance?"

The two Iron Blood Alliance's vice presidents snorted lightly and raised their heads slightly to stare at everyone from the East Li Celestial Empire, not putting them in their eyes at all!

They had three undying god King Level 4 experts, and their strength was much, much stronger than the East Li Celestial Empire!

This was also the reason why the East Li Celestial Emperor was so warm to them and even somewhat respectful towards them!

"What!"

"The experts of the iron-blood alliance have such big words. is the iron-blood alliance stronger than the East Li Divine Dynasty?"

"It's really possible. Look at how embarrassed the East Li Divine Emperor is. He didn't refute at all!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The surrounding forces were shocked when they saw this scene!

"So, this is the reason why the Dragon Palace came today!"

Some people murmured!

The experts from the Overlord sect heaved a sigh of relief!

"Everyone from the iron-blood alliance, thank you for your kindness. Our Dragon Palace doesn't need..."

Wang Xian, who was standing at the side, was stunned. He didn't expect the iron-blood Alliance to stop the East Li Dynasty directly!

His congratulatory gift today was a war. There was no need for the iron-blood alliance to make a move!

"Dragon King, Our Iron Blood Alliance can still help you with this matter. We will never forget your kindness!"

However, before Wang Xian could finish his sentence, the two vice alliance leaders interrupted him and waved their hands with a smile!

Boom

"Is the Iron Blood Alliance really going to interfere in this matter?"

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly came from the sky!

The Warriors of the East Li Undying dynasty were shocked when they heard this voice!

"We pay our respects to Great Emperor!"

"We pay our respects to Great Emperor!"

The group of Undying Emperors immediately bowed to a figure in the sky!

The old man was incredibly tall and sturdy, holding a dragon head walking stick in his hand, he frowned as he looked at the Iron Blood Alliance Deputy Alliance leaders!

"I'm sorry, the Dragon Palace has done the Iron Blood Alliance a Favor!"

The two vice alliance leaders looked at the old man and said!

"Alright, help me send my regards to the three ancestors of the Iron Blood Alliance!"

The old man clenched his fists and said softly to them!

"This..."

The expressions of the East Li undyings all changed, their great emperor ancestor was... Submitting!

"The three ancestors of the Iron Blood Alliance, do they have three undying level 4 warriors?"

"Hiss, no wonder, no wonder the dragon palace has such backing!"

"The Dragon Palace is so arrogant, it's because of the Iron Blood Alliance!"

All the powers were shocked within, their faces filled with shock!

"Good... Hm?"

One of the Deputy Alliance leaders nodded!

However at this time, a communication stone tablet on his body shook as he scanned the contents, his expression changed!