Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2487: 2487 Dragon Palace vs East Li Dynasty 3

"We've already informed the two vice alliance leaders, this time they'll head over to the East Li Undying Dynasty, we can let them directly join forces with the East Li Dynasty!"

"We'll provide some support, maybe in the end we won't even need to do anything, and the Dragon King will be killed!"

"OK, according to the information on the AI, the Dragon King and the East Li Undying Dynasty have a grudge, the Dragon Palace isn't their match, there's a high chance they'll die at the hands of the East Li Dynasty!"

Within the huge shrine on a planet of the Iron Blood Alliance, dozens of undying emperors sat at a round table!

Their voices resounded throughout the shrine!

"As long as the raging flame dynasty can help us solve the problem of the Luo er man desolate Beast Park, our iron blood alliance will be the overlord of this region, at that time, even the East Li Undying dynasty will have to bow down to us!"

"This matter is not a bad thing for us!"

In the middle, an undying level 4 god King said with a smile!

The rest of the God kings nodded, looking forward to their lives in the future!

"This..."

At this time, in the He Dian Plaza in front of the East Li Undying Empire, a deputy alliance leader of the Iron Blood Alliance had a drastic change in expression as he looked at the message sent by the Alliance leader!

He glanced at Wang Xian and passed the communication stone plate to the other Deputy Alliance leader!

"This is... the latest news!"

When the other Deputy Alliance leader saw the contents, his expression changed slightly!

"Everyone, if there's nothing else, please leave too!"

In the sky, Emperor Taizu looked at the two Deputy Alliance leaders of the Iron Blood Alliance and said expressionlessly!

Since the Iron Blood Alliance didn't give them any face today, there was no need for them to continue fawning over them!

"To think that the Dragon Palace actually relied on the iron blood alliance to make the East Li Dynasty lose face!"

"The Iron Blood Alliance has three undying level 4 warriors, with them supporting the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace doesn't fear East Li at all!"

When the surrounding powers saw this scene, their expressions changed!

Who would have thought that the iron blood alliance had power that was even stronger than the East Li Dynasty!

And the Dragon Palace had helped the Iron Blood Alliance!

It was hard to say how the Dragon Palace would fight against the East Li Undying Dynasty in the future!

"Wait, East Li Emperor, senior emperor, I'm really sorry!"

The 2 vice alliance leaders exchanged glances and said to the East Li Dynasty!

"Two of you, we have received a notice from the Alliance Master and the three patriarchs that we will not be involved in the feud between you and the Dragon Palace. If necessary, we can join forces with them!"

Then, a sentence was sent into the minds of the East Li Divine Emperor and Great Emperor!

The two of them directly transmitted the message through voice transmission!

"Huh? What is the iron-blood alliance doing?"

Great Emperor of the East Li dynasty frowned and said impatiently!

"It was our fault for what happened just now. In short, we can guarantee that we won't get involved in the feud between you and the Dragon Palace!"

The two Deputy Chiefs of the iron-blood Alliance said solemnly!

"Alright!"

The eastern Li Celestial Emperor nodded immediately. Although he didn't know what the iron-blood alliance was up to, as long as they didn't interfere today, they would be able to keep the Dragon King here today!

The entire Hedian Square suddenly fell silent for a few seconds. The atmosphere was a little strange. Wang Xian did not sense the secret voice transmission from the two vice-alliance leaders of the Iron Blood Alliance and Emperor of East Li!

However, ao he and Ao Qitian frowned slightly!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Suddenly, in the sky, the great ancestor of the Emperor of the East Li Celestial Empire, the strongest expert of the East Li Celestial Empire, suddenly waved his arm and numerous imprisonment rings were thrown out!

The imprisonment rings shot directly at Wang Xian and the rest, enveloping all of them! 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Huh?"

The sudden change stunned Wang Xian slightly!

Although it was a little out of his expectations for the Iron Blood Alliance to stand up for him, he thought that the East Li dynasty would not dare to make a move. He did not expect a sudden attack!

What happened?

"Hahahaha, all the soldiers of the East Li Immortal Dynasty get ready, Dragon King and the entire Dragon Palace dare to step into our territory, we'll make sure they never come back!"

"Hahaha, Dragon King, arrogant, I'll let you continue to be arrogant, do you think that just by relying on the Iron Blood Alliance you can fight US, you can make us lose face today?"

"Indeed you can, but your calculations today have gone wrong, you can stay here today!"

In an instant, the imprisonment ring resounded with East Li Emperor's excited laughter!

Rumble

At the same time, his Emperor's aura, his undying level 3 aura exploded out!

"HM?"

Hua Hua Hua

All the Warriors and soldiers around were stunned when they heard the emperor's words, however very quickly, weapons appeared in their hands!

The terrifying aura pierced through the clouds, shocking everyone!

"What's going on? Why is the East Li Undying Empire suddenly preparing to attack again!"

All the surrounding powers saw this scene and their expressions changed, many warriors led their disciples and immediately retreated!

In an instant, there were millions of people in the plaza, almost all of the powers brought their disciples and retreated over 10 million km!

Their sharp gazes stared over!

"What's going on?"

The sudden change made everyone's expressions change, a few warriors couldn't help but Howl!

Their Hearts were beating fiercely!

"Look, the two vice alliance leaders of the Iron Blood Alliance are suddenly standing behind the East Li Undying Dynasty, the Iron Blood Alliance isn't going to help the Dragon Palace!"

All of a sudden, there was a scream, everyone looked at the Iron Blood Alliance members, their eyes wide open!

The arrival of Dragon Palace and the Iron Blood Alliance had made them believe that Dragon Palace had relied on the Iron Blood Alliance to get here!

Now that the Iron Blood Alliance didn't care about Dragon Palace for some reason, now...

"Dragon Palace is finished!"

A fourth-rate leader said in a loud voice, and many people could hear it clearly!

"Why did the iron-blood alliance suddenly break away from the Dragon Palace? Now, the Dragon Palace is really going to be finished!"

The experts of the other forces nodded slightly!

"Damn it!"

The Overlord Sect Master couldn't help but Roar in a low voice. Things were out of his expectations, and there was a shackle ring floating above his head!

"This invincible warrior is simply courting death. Now... It's great now. I wonder if it will implicate us!"

Some of the Overlord sect powerhouses could not help but speak out. Their expressions were extremely ugly!

"Oh?"

Wang Xian was still standing quietly in the middle. He looked at everyone from the East Li Divine Empire who had suddenly erupted. He looked at the people from the Iron Blood Alliance who were standing behind them!

"Dragon King, ao crab and I sensed that the iron blood alliance had sent a secret voice transmission to the East Li Celestial Empire. It was the Iron Blood Alliance who spoke First!"

At this moment, AO qitian, who was standing at the side, whispered to Wang Xian!

Those who were weaker might not be able to sense the voice transmission when they were of the same level. However, ao crab, Ao Qitian, and the other immortal godly king level four combat strength could still sense the voice transmission fluctuation!

"Although it's a little unexpected, it's good too. Hehe, this is exactly what we want!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!