Chapter 2488: 2488 Dragon Palace vs East Li Dynasty 4

"Hahaha, Dragon King, you've killed all the disciples of our sect. Today, let's see where you can run to!"

"Die, die, die! Haha, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, let's see where you can run to this time!"

In he Dian's Square, the sect master of the Heavenly Tiger sect and the Hall Master of the Wanshou Hall stared at Wang Xian and the rest with ferocious expressions. They laughed horribly!

Today, they would be able to take revenge!

In the future, as long as they knew the secret of the Dragon King, they would be able to rise up quickly. They would be even more glorious and powerful than before!

"The fact that you are here, Dragon King, is the greatest congratulatory gift to the four of us!"

The Chairman of the Heavenly Beast Corporation was filled with an excited smile as he spoke slowly!

His tone was filled with mockery!

"Kill the rest. Great ancestor Huang, please capture that Dragon King Too!"

The eastern Li Celestial Emperor said to great ancestor Huang!

"Leave it to me!"

Great ancestor Huang nodded his head faintly. He looked at Wang Xian and didn't put him in his eyes at all!

"Eastern Li Celestial Emperor, our snow sect is willing to fight for the eastern Li Celestial Empire!"

"Our Lingtian sect is also willing to fight for the eastern Li Celestial Empire!"

"Our Nine Heavens Immortal Celestial Empire is willing to fight for the eastern Li Celestial Empire!"

At this moment, the three fourth-rate forces who had questioned Wang Xian immediately spoke up!

"Good, good. Prepare the soldiers of the eastern Li Immortal Celestial Empire, Hahaha!"

Eastern Li Celestial Emperor laughed out loud in satisfaction and ordered loudly!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Close to 10 undyings flew out from the palace!

At the same time, there were over 20 undyings flying out from the palace, soaring into the sky, giving off terrifying power!

"Hiss... over 20 battle pets, along with 40 undyings, my God!"

"Crazy, this is a total of 60 undyings, along with the 34th level forces, this is over 70, close to 80!"

The undying warpet roared, the powerful Aura released by the undying fighters caused the skies to change color!

The Warriors from all the forces looked at the undying fighters in shock, their faces filled with shock!

Over 70 undying fighters, this power, who could withstand it!

At this time, the East Li Undying Dynasty gave off a sense of despair!

Even the two vice alliance leaders of the Overlord sect were shocked when they saw this force!

"D * mn, there are so many immortal kings. Boss Wang, I'm panicking!"

At this moment, invincible looked at the imprisonment ring above his head and gulped as he spoke to Wang Xian!

The current him was really panicking!

"Don't panic. I'll hand it over to 10 Level 1 immortal kings to you later!"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly. When he saw that all the powerhouses from the East Li dynasty were basically in position, his face was filled with smiles!

"Very good, very good. The East Li Immortal dynasty. Do you know that our Dragon Palace has been waiting for this moment!"

"Hahaha!"

Wang Xian looked at them laughing maniacally and couldn't help but laugh as well!

"Sky-changing!"

He roared the last two rounds!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The moment he finished his sentence, the entire sky suddenly trembled!

The Sky had changed!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian's sudden maniacal laughter and roar stunned everyone. Why was he shouting at this moment?

Your Dragon Palace is relying on the iron-blood alliance. Now that the iron-blood Alliance is ignoring all of you, what else do you have to rely on?

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

However, at this moment, all the forces discovered that the sky had suddenly changed. Black holes appeared out of thin air in this space!

The surroundings were completely enveloped. Even the forces that had retreated more than a thousand kilometers were completely sealed inside!

Black holes disturbed the air! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Large-scale black holes disturbed the air. They were formed by dozens of black hole disturbing array formations!

This black hole disturbance formation covered over half of the main city of the East Li God dynasty!

At this moment, the sky darkened, terrifying black holes stood in space, making the entire world look extremely terrifying!

At this moment, everyone changed slightly!

"What's the situation!"

Everyone's pupils shrank as they looked up and surveyed their surroundings!

All the powerhouses of the East Li Celestial Empire also changed their expressions slightly!

"It's that formation. It's the formation that can trap the immortal godly monarch!"

A low roar came out from the mouth of the Chairman of the Heaven Beast Corporation. The East Li Godly monarch and the rest suddenly had a bad premonition in their hearts!

"Hahaha, members of the Dragon Palace, Fight!"

Wang Xian roared loudly!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, buildings broke apart in all directions. The powerhouses of the Dragon Palace surrounded the Hedian Square!

100,000 powerhouses of the Dragon Palace had summoned the Dragon Palace after Wang Xian and the rest had entered planet Dongli. 100,000 members were scattered around the area!

They were waiting for this moment of battle!

Although the appearance of the Iron Blood Alliance had wasted some time, it was not too late now!

And it allowed him to see things clearly!

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace has already set up their subordinates around!"

"Look, the leaders in front are all undyings, there are many undyings in the Dragon Palace Too!"

At this time, all the powers far away from the center saw the 100,000 members of the Dragon Palace appear, their faces filled with shock!

"Warning! Any force that dares to break the formation and destroy the planet shall be exterminated!"

Wang Xian instantly floated in the sky and warned all the forces!

His cold voice struck everyone's mind!

"You are courting death! How dare you gang up on us? Die!"

In the sky, when he saw the huge change in the sky and the sudden appearance of so many experts from the Dragon Palace, the expression of the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire changed slightly!

His gaze locked onto Wang Xian. A long saber appeared in his hand and instantly attacked him!

"Roar Roar Roar, you dare to attack our Dragon King? Ask our members of the Dragon Palace if they agree!"

Ao he saw the attack of the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire. He let out a wild roar and transformed into a devouring dragon that was about 11,000 meters long!

The terrifying dragon aura attacked him!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the same time, endless roars came from their bodies!

Ao he's body was like a black hole as terrifying devouring dragons flew out from his body!

Similarly, A Level 4 undying godly king level devouring dragon flew out from Ao he's body and attacked the great ancestor of the East Li Dynasty!

In addition, with 12 Level 3 Undying Godly King Devouring Dragons, they led a group of 20,000 god Lord Level Devouring Dragons towards Wang Xian!

Boom

They landed heavily behind Wang Xian and the rest, and their endless aura shook the world!

"What! Two level 4 undying godly King Warriors!"

In the sky, Ao he and the other devouring dragon surrounded him with law fragments, preventing him from attacking the black hole array!

"Ah!"The East Li Dynasty emperor roared in shock!