Chapter 2489: 2,489 Dragon Palace vs East Li God dynasty 5

"Two undying level 4 warriors, how is this possible!"

When the East Li Emperor's roar resounded, the surrounding East Li Undying Warriors all paused, their faces filled with disbelief!

"Two undying level 4 warriors!"

The warriors scattered around, all of them squinted, opening their mouths and staring in shock!

Just now, the Dragon King had warned them that if anyone dared to attack the array, they would destroy the entire planet!

At that time, many of the powers were still looking down on them and were slightly unhappy!

Now with the appearance of 2 undying level 4 warriors, their unhappiness vanished completely!

"2 undying level 4 warriors, how can the Dragon Palace be so strong, the strength they unleash is getting more and more terrifying, just these 2 undying level 4 warriors alone can cause the East Li dynasty to suffer heavy losses!"

A leader of a force said with a shocked expression! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Not just the two level 4 undyings, look at the terrifying creatures beside the Dragon King, the 12 leading, they all have level 3 strength, a total of 12!"

At this time, someone noticed the 12 undyings swallowing dragons that came out of Ao Xie's body!

These devouring dragons all had the combat strength of A Level 3 undying god King!

"Hiss, the East Li Undying God dynasty itself has 5 Level 3 undying god King Warriors, along with the four of them from the Heaven Beast Group, along with the leaders of the three fourth-rate forces, they only have 12 level 3 undying God King Warriors!"

"Level 3 undying god King combat strength, the Dragon Palace is the same as the East Li Dynasty, the other dragon palaces also have quite a few undying God kings. This is not weaker than the East Li Dynasty at all, it might even be stronger!"

At the edge of the battlefield, the powerhouses from the various factions were muttering to themselves as they calculated the strength of the Dragon Palace and the East Li Dynasty!

They looked at the powerhouses from the Dragon Palace in shock!

The strength of the Dragon Palace had completely exceeded their expectations!

"Hahaha, East Li Dynasty, do you think our Dragon Palace is relying on the Iron Blood Alliance? They are not qualified to be relied on by us!"

"All members of the Dragon Palace, Kill!"

Wang Xian looked at all the experts of the East Li Celestial Empire who were filled with shock and let out a wild roar!

"Damn it, don't be afraid. Great ancestor Huang blocked those two immortal king level four experts. The rest of you, kill them for me!"

East Li Celestial Emperor gritted his teeth and roared with a gloomy face!

The strength that the Dragon Palace had displayed was not something they could defeat!

It was impossible for them to win today's battle!

After all, the Dragon Palace had two more level 4 undying godly monarch experts!

"Kill, kill them all!"

The few level 3 undying godly monarch experts from the East Li Celestial Empire roared with blood-red eyes!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Leave these dozen level 3 undying godly monarch experts to me!"

A roar came from beside Wang Xian!

An incomparably huge figure covered in blood-red dragon scales slowly emerged!

He had an ape-like face, a pair of blood-red dragon horns, and his entire body was wrapped in blood-red energy!

He was holding a metal rod with blood-red chains wrapped around it!

The violent aura charged towards a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers!

"Howl!"

He raised the metal rod in his hand and locked onto the surrounding 12 undying level 3 warriors!

The violent energy caused everyone to be shocked!

"Another undying level 4 warrior!"

At this moment, a terrified howl came from an undying level 3 warrior!

He stared wide eyed, his face filled with fear as he stared at Ao Qi Tian who was attacking them!

This incomparably violent power made them tremble!

"How is this possible, how can you have so many level 4 undying fighters!"

The East Li Dynasty's body trembled at this moment, as they roared out!

"Roar!"

However, what responded to them was the terrifying ocean stabilizing needle!

"No, no, no!"

At this time, the leaders of snow sect, Ling Tian sect, and the Nine Heavens Undying dynasty were all stunned!

When they saw two level 4 undying godly monarch warriors appear in the Dragon Palace, their hearts trembled violently!

Now that they saw another level 4 undying godly monarch warrior appear in the Dragon Palace, their faces were filled with fear!

They had vowed to fight the Dragon Palace together with the East Li Immortal dynasty, and now that the Dragon Palace had displayed its strength, it made them feel fear and despair!

Even if they could escape this time, they would have to face a devastating blow from the Dragon Palace!

"How can this be? How can the Dragon Palace be so strong? How can it be!"

Seeing the terrifying blood-red law energy attacking them, their eyes turned blood-red. They gritted their teeth and roared as they faced AO Qitian's Attack!

"Undying King Level 2, leave it to us, the Devouring Dragons!"

At this time, behind Wang Xian, the 12 devouring dragons roared and moved, attacking the rest of the Undying King Level 2 warriors!

The 12 Undying King Level 3 devouring dragons, against the group of Undying King Level 2 warriors, they were completely crushed!

Their bodies moved and the terrifying law energy swept out. All the surrounding warriors from the East Li Undying Empire were filled with despair!

"Hahaha, leave IT TO ME, 10 undying level 1 warriors. I, Invincible, Will Kill 10 undying level 1 warriors today!"

Standing beside Wang Xian, invincible revealed a burning look in his eyes as he saw this scene. He laughed maniacally in excitement!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the next moment, a Level 2 immortal king battle pet appeared beneath him!

At the same time, on Invincible's body, a substantial law surrounded him!

"Kill them, Hahaha!"

Invincible's gaze landed on Snow Sect, Ling Tian sect, and the group of Level 1 immortal King Warriors from the Nine Heavens Immortal dynasty. He ordered the battle pet beneath him!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Level 2 immortal King Battle Pet Roared. A savage aura shot out from its body and directly attacked the Ten Level 1 immortal King Warriors!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian saw that the battle had already erupted. He raised his arm and roared!

"Kill!"

A cold killing intent resounded throughout the sky. All the members of the Dragon Palace started to move!

In an instant, their energy completely crushed the east LI undying country!

"Shit, leader, save us!"

"Run, run, run!"

"Not good, I CAN'T RETURN TO MY UNDYING COUNTRY!"

The battle erupted, the three fourth rate warriors from the snow sect saw the unrivaled warrior riding his Level 2 undying war pet attacking and lost their bearings!

They howled in fear!

At this time, they also knew that this strange space could prevent them from escaping back to their undying countries!

In other words, they could only fight to the death, not flee!