Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2490: The 2,490 God dynasty was destroyed

"Hahaha, if you want to escape, don't even think about it. Just now, with your little organization, you still dared to act so arrogantly towards the Dragon King. You Don't know what you are, just wait for your destruction!"

"Do you regret it later, do you regret it later? Unfortunately, it's too late now!"

Invincible stood proudly on the battle pet, with a movement of his arm, a sharp sword appeared in his hand!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"Ah Ah!"

The terrifying attack of the battle pet, along with his powerful attack, instantly two undying level 1 warriors were hit, instantly being heavily injured and sent flying backwards!

"Shit, we aren't even a match for that battle pet!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"That youth is actually an undying level 1 warrior!"

A terrified voice came from the 3 warriors of the Snow clan, their faces filled with despair!

At this moment, they even hated their leader for participating in this battle!

If they hadn't participated, they wouldn't have been attacked by such a terrifying warrior from the Dragon Palace!

In fact, they might even have to pay with their lives!

"Flee, flee, we have to flee!"

The other 8 undying level 1 warriors lost their fighting spirit and scattered in all directions!

"If you want to flee, I'll let you all escape, my invincible battle technique won't be able to survive anymore!"

Invincible battle technique saw them fleeing in fear, his face filled with mockery!

"Howl Howl!"

His battle pet let out roars!

As an undying level 2 battle pet, it was easy to deal with an undying level 1, at least a few 1st level undyings would be able to deal with an undying level 2!

"Blade Slash!"

Invincible immediately raised his blade and slashed forward!

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

Solid laws slashed at the group in front, tearing through the space!

"This... Invincible he, invincible his strength, he has reached the Undying Emperor Realm!"

"How is this possible, Invincible has actually reached the Undying Emperor Realm!"

At this time, at the edge of the black hole, the people from the Overlord sect saw invincible standing above his battle pet and killing in all directions, their faces filled with disbelief!

Seeing the terrifying attack he unleashed, everyone's faces were filled with shock!

The entire Overlord sect was clear about his invincible battle techniques, Eternal God Lord Level 5, he was extremely talented!

In the entire greater world, he was extremely powerful!

But now, he actually unleashed undying emperor strength, how was that possible?

There was a limit to how much he could be a genius!

This was heaven defying!

Everyone's eyes were dazed, Dazed!

Was this real or fake?

"Hiss, sect leader Mu Rong, you... How did your disciple reach the undying god King realm so quickly, how is this possible! ?"

Beside him, the Warriors from the heavenly law sect looked at sect leader Ba and asked in shock!

"This... I'm not sure either!"

Sect leader Ba's eyes were filled with shock as well, he shook his head and stared at his disciple!

"Invincible Battle Technique has reached the undying god King realm before he's even 1,000 years old, this... He has the potential of an Emperor!"

Heavenly Law sect leader opened his mouth slightly!

"The potential of an Emperor!"

Hearing these words, the warriors of Overlord sect trembled. Just now, they were worried that invincible battle technique would drag them down!

There were even a few people who were extremely dissatisfied with their invincible battle techniques!

Now, their Dragon Palace had erupted with invincible strength, and their invincible battle techniques had displayed the strength of an undying god King!

Thinking about the dissatisfaction and scolding towards their invincible battle techniques during this period of time, the faces of the few experts turned pale!

The emperor's talent could be called the emperor's talent, but one had the chance to become a void God Emperor!

Originally, the Heavenly Law sect leader did not have the qualifications to evaluate a person who had the talent of an emperor. However, he had reached the undying god King realm at the age of less than 1,000 years!

Indeed, he had the talent of an emperor!

He did not need anyone to evaluate him to have the qualifications!

"My Disciple's combat techniques are unrivaled and he has the talent of an Emperor!"

Overlord sect leader also roared with excitement!

"Order all battle pets to risk their lives. Even if they have to risk their lives, they have to replace a person from the Dragon Palace!"

At this time, the battle erupted and the East Li God dynasty was instantly at a disadvantage, the emperor roared with an extremely ugly expression!

In front of the East Li God Palace, the 23 war pets had yet to attack!

"Attack, Attack!"

Under the emperor's orders, the owners of the war pets immediately gave the order to attack!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

A series of violent roars came out from the mouths of the twenty-three war pets. The twenty-three immortal god King War Pets were charging at the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace in a frenzy!

"With twenty-three immortal god King War Pets attacking, the pressure on the East Li dynasty should be reduced a little!"

Some people muttered when they saw more than twenty immortal god King War Pets attacking!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the group of war pets flying over with a mocking expression on his face!

These war pets were all bought from his Dragon Palace's War Pet Shop. They were all tamed by him!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian raised his head and let out a dragon's roar. A wave of dragon's might directly covered the 23 war pets!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The group of war pets trembled and shook their bodies in panic. They lowered their heads and didn't dare to continue attacking!

"What's going on? All War Pets, Attack! Attack!"

When the eastern Li Celestial Emperor and the rest saw the war pets suddenly stopping their attacks, panic appeared on their faces as they shouted sternly!

"Eastern Li Celestial Empire, do you think that my Dragon Palace didn't guard against you? When you bought the war pets, I did something to it!"

Wang Xian looked at them mockingly!

It was just an excuse from Wang Xian to prevent the other buyers from thinking that the war pets from the Dragon Palace's war pet shop could be recalled easily!

"Roar!"

Just as he finished his sentence, the twenty-three war pets swayed and landed in front of the divine palace. They lay on the ground motionlessly!

"You... this... this..."

When the eastern Li Celestial Emperor saw this scene, his expression changed drastically. His eyes were filled with despair!

"It's over!"

When the rest of the Warriors saw this, their hearts sank, their faces ashen!

The number of Dragon Palace undyings far exceeded their imaginations, with over 20 battle pets defending, it could reduce their pressure!

And now the battle pets had been tampered with, lying on the ground and not attacking, with the power of the Dragon Palace, they were completely suppressed!

"The East Li Undying Empire is about to lose, it's impossible for them to win this battle!"

"I didn't expect the Dragon Palace to have already predicted this, right now the East Li Undying Empire is lacking over 20 undyings!"

The surrounding crowd saw all the battle pets lying on the ground without attacking, they said softly!

Sou Sou Sou

Right at this time, a huge silhouette suddenly flew in their direction!

"Eh?"

Everyone was slightly shocked. However, they soon realized that five huge and ferocious figures were flying towards their direction, the sky above them, and the other three directions!

They had completely sealed off the surroundings to prevent anyone from destroying the formation!

These five figures were the five level 3 immortal King realm experts from the Dragon Palace!

The Twelve Level 3 immortal King realm experts from the Dragon Palace couldn't do anything to them given the current situation!

Wang Xian ordered the five level 3 immortal King Level Devouring Dragons to guard the area and prevent anyone from destroying the formation!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

"Anyone who is not from the East Li dynasty is not allowed to get close to the formation. No one from the East Li Dynasty can destroy the formation!"

The five devouring dragons looked at everyone coldly and roared with a stern face!

"What... What is this?"

"They are going to wipe out the eastern Li dynasty in one Go!"

"Not only will the eastern Li dynasty be defeated, they might even be wiped out. Without more than twenty war pets, they will be even more vulnerable!"

Everyone was shocked!