Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2491: 2491 China was being destroyed

In the air ahead, the emperor was being held back by 2 experts from the Dragon Palace, trapping him within a 100km radius!

Below, an undying King Level 4 expert from the Dragon Palace was attacking the 12 Type 3 undying kings!

The 12 experts did not have the ability to resist, in just a few minutes, 3 had already fallen!

Furthermore, facing the ferocious attack of the Dragon Palace Warrior, the East Li Dynasty undying level 3 warriors didn't even have the ability to fight back!

Even undying level 3 warriors didn't have the ability to fight back, let alone the others!

The 5 undying level 3 warriors from the Dragon Palace stood guard around the formation, all the powers watched in awe! 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At this moment, no one dared to provoke the Dragon Palace!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

Below, there were 100,000 Eternal God lords and above, of which 3,000 were Pinnacle God lords!

100,000 disciples against 200,000 to 300,000 East Li Dynasty god Lords!

The difference in numbers was one to two times!

However under the battle formation of 100,000 Dragon Palace Warriors, every second, thousands of eternal God lords were killed by the Dragon Palace Warriors, a one sided massacre!

At this time, the East Li Undying Dynasty and the Dragon Palace were on completely different levels!

Rumble Rumble Rumble

Below, rumbling sounds could be heard as large areas of the East Li Undying Palace collapsed!

The screams of undying godly monarchs could be heard from time to time!

"No no no, how can this be!"

"Great Ancestor Huang, break the formation, break the formation, break the formation and our people of the East Li Dynasty will be able to escape!"

At this moment, the East Li Divine Emperor swept his gaze across the surroundings. He watched as godly monarchs fell one after another. He watched as the experts of the East Li Celestial Dynasty were quickly killed. His eyes were filled with fury as he roared!

At this moment, all he wanted to do was escape!

"Get lost!"

In the sky, the East Li Divine Emperor's great ancestor's eyes were blood-red as he bombarded Ao he and the other devouring dragon!

"AO qitian, speed up, we can't hold on much longer!"

Ao Chi and the other devouring dragon relied on their 10,000 meter bodies to completely trap them within!

Seeing the East Li dynasty great ancestor trying to break free, Ao Chi immediately roared at AO qitian!

The moment he broke free, he could destroy the black hole disturbance array!

After all, the black hole disturbance array could only trap undying level 3 warriors!

Level 4, it could be easily broken through!

"Alright, 30 seconds!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Ao Qi Tian immediately nodded, roaring towards the sky!

"Hua la la la!"

The next moment, on the ocean pacifying needle in his hand, a blood red chain formed from the laws spread out in all directions!

The terrifying chain was like a terrifying venomous snake, instantly spreading over a 100 million km radius!

In an instant, he enveloped the East Li Emperor group of Level 3 undyings!

Even many other undyings were engulfed!

"Chains, Mad Dragon Piercing!"

Ao Qitian roared madly, the sky full of chains headed towards the East Li Empire Warriors!

"Not good!"

"Shit, what move is This!"

When the sky full of chains covered a 100 million km area, the entire East Li Empire City was covered!

The terrifying blood red chains were all 4 to 5 meters thick!

"Defend!"

East Li God roared madly with his blood red eyes!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

However, their law defense was instantly destroyed under the attack of the MAD Dragon Chains!

The MAD Dragon that unleashed its full strength, its attack power was definitely terrifying!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"Ah Ah Ah!"

The 2 chains came before an undying emperor, immediately wrapping around him!

The terrifying power directly wrapped around his body!

Screams began to ring out!

"No no no!"

The undying emperor level 3 warriors were filled with despair!

They were undying emperors, top existences in this region!

Yet now, they were actually facing death!

"I can't accept this, I can't accept this. Dragon Palace, why are you all so strong, why!"

The eastern Li Celestial Emperor was bound by the chains and his face was completely drained of blood as he roared crazily!

Their eastern Li Celestial Empire was the overlord of this region!

And now, they were actually facing destruction!

"Die!"

Ao Qitian let out a furious roar as the chains in his hands covered the entire area!

"Bang!"

Soon, a corpse fell from the chains to the ground below!

"Qitian, make your move and destroy the rest of the people from the eastern Li Celestial Empire!"

Wang Xian stood in the void and didn't move. He didn't need to make a move in this war!

He swept his gaze in the direction of the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire and gave an indifferent order to AO qitian!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian let out a furious roar. His towering figure looked down at everyone around him!

"It's over!"

"I surrender. Our Snow sect surrenders. I beg the Dragon King to let us off!"

"We are willing to surrender. Don't Kill Us. Don't Kill Us!"

When everyone sensed that the experts of the eastern Li Celestial Emperor had been killed, the rest of them trembled!

Their fighting spirit had collapsed. Their fighting spirit had vanished!

Some of the experts could not help but beg for mercy from Wang Xian and the rest!

"It's too late to surrender now!"

"Hualala!"

The wild dragon chains swept across. The terrifying violent law energy swept across the void and turned all of them into corpses!

With AO Qitian taking action, the immortal deity King died at a terrifying speed!

"No, no!"

Everyone in the East Li Dynasty was in despair. At this time, many of them gave up on the battle and fled madly!

There were even some who stood there dazed, their eyes lifeless!

Death was increasing at 10 times the speed!

This also meant that the East Li Undying dynasty was slowly heading towards destruction!

An existence that had stood in this region for over 10 million years was collapsing!

Rumble

"This has already exceeded our expectations!"

On the side, the two vice alliance leaders stood there, looking ahead in shock!

His mouth was dry, he couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva!

Ahead, there were 60 to 70 Dragon Palace undyings and 3 Undying Level 4 warriors!

This power was even stronger than the Iron Blood Alliance!

"The Raging Flame Empire wants us to destroy that Dragon King, now..."

The 2 Iron Blood Alliance vice leaders exchanged glances, their eyes filled with worry!

"Just now, we've already offended that Dragon King, do you think he'll leave us here too!"

Suddenly, a vice leader spoke, his eyes gleaming!

The other Vice Leader's heart sank, his gaze sweeping the surroundings!

"Should we..."

He spoke and gestured at the surrounding arrays!

The other deputy alliance leader frowned, gritting his teeth, nodding heavily!

Weng

However at this time, he felt many gazes looking over!

"Shit!"

Seeing several terrifying dragon palace members staring at them at the same time, their hearts sank, they had a bad feeling!

"Qi Tian, go help ao Xie, today, I want the East Li Undying dynasty to be completely destroyed, I want them to completely disappear from this space!"

Right at this time, a proud voice resounded!