Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2492: 2492 celestial dynasty was destroyed

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian roared and stared at the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Dynasty, his eyes full of killing intent!

"Boom!"

He moved and charged toward the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Dynasty with an invincible momentum!

"Dragon Palace, I will fight you to the death!"

Seeing that almost all the soldiers of the eastern Li Celestial dynasty were killed, the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Dynasty roared crazily!

The entire eastern Li dynasty was their blood and sweat. It was the place where he had lived his whole life!

He only had a lifespan of over ten thousand years, but when he saw his dynasty being destroyed, he was determined to die. He attacked ao crab and the others crazily!

Before he died, he wanted to kill one of them!

"Hiss, the eastern Li dynasty is completely finished. The great ancestor of the eastern Li dynasty is ready to risk his life!"

"This must be the full strength of the Dragon Palace. The Dragon King stood there and did not make a move during the entire battle. He stood high up in the sky and looked down at everything!"

"The Dragon Palace is much more powerful than the eastern Li dynasty. Did you notice that no one from the Dragon Palace died? It's too terrifying!"

The surrounding forces looked at the final battle in the sky in shock!

"Today's battle, the old king fell, the new king rose!"

Some people muttered!

"Hahaha, we killed five!"

At this time, laughter resounded from the front, everyone looked over, looking at the youth, invincible in his battle techniques!

"Boss Invincible, do you have to be so heaven defying, he's about the same age as us, and he's actually an undying god King now, and he even has an undying level 2 battle pet!"

"Invincible's ability to reach the Undying Emperor realm is definitely all thanks to the Dragon King, Invincible's luck is simply too good!"

"An undying emperor who's less than 1,000 years old, that invincible will probably become a top warrior of the resplendent world in the future!"

In the surrounding area, a few youths from the powers looked at Invincible's battle skills, their faces filled with envy as they discussed!

Not long ago, they were friends who drank together. Back then, even though their invincible battle techniques were monstrous, they weren't as terrifying as they were now!

Now that they were at the god Emperor Realm, in their region, they were already top level warriors!

"An undying that's not even 1,000 years old, it's unbelievable, the future is limitless!"

The Undying Emperor warriors around all looked at him, their eyes filled with shock!

In the future, invincible battle techniques might reach a stage that would shock everyone!

"Haha!"

Feeling the gazes around him, invincible battle techniques raised his head slightly and came to Wang Xian's side!

"How is it, boss Wang? Am I Strong? If you didn't ask leader Ao to make a move, I would have been able to kill at least a dozen undying godly monarchs today!"

"Hahaha, from today onwards, my invincible battle technique will shake the entire universe, in this region, I am the only one!"

Invincible battle technique roared arrogantly!

Just as he said, he was an undying level 1, along with an undying level 2 battle pet, he was very strong!

Most importantly, invincible battle technique was the Dragon Palace Dragon King's underling, who would dare to provoke him?

After today, Wang Xian could already imagine that the leaders of the fourth-rate forces would have to be polite and respectful to him!

After all, he had a good boss. Haha!

"Stop showing off and train hard. Your bloodline is very strong. Maybe you can live up to your name!"

Wang Xian patted his shoulder and said with a smile!

"Hehe, if you follow boss Wang, you will definitely be invincible in the future!"

He said flatteringly!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and swept his gaze across the sky!

Ao qitian, ao crab, and the rest were engaged in a battle with the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Dynasty!

Below, all the soldiers of the eastern Li Celestial dynasty were being cleaned up quickly. They would be done in a few minutes at most!

A group of powerhouses from the Dragon Palace had already arrived at the position behind him!

Wang Xian's gaze slowly landed on the position in front of him!

"This is bad!"

When he looked over, the expressions of the two Deputy Alliance leaders of the Iron Blood Alliance changed slightly. They had a bad premonition in their hearts!

"Everyone from the Iron Blood Alliance, come over!"

Wang Xian stared at them and said indifferently!

"This..." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The two deputy chiefs of the Iron Blood Alliance looked at each other with an extremely ugly expression!

At this moment, they really wanted to escape. However, there were a total of eight people who had their eyes locked on them!

Eight Immortal King Level 3 powerhouses were locked on them. If they dared to make any move, they would definitely be surrounded and attacked instantly!

One against four, there was no way for them to escape!

With an ugly expression, the two of them led seven to eight of their subordinates and flew towards Wang Xian!

"Dragon King!"

The two of them flew over and cupped their fists nervously!

"This is?"

"The people from the iron-blood alliance. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the rest seem to be indebted to the iron-blood Alliance. However, why did they suddenly go back on their words just now?"

"I wonder, what is the relationship between the Dragon Palace and the iron-blood Alliance?"

Some of them noticed the situation and looked over with puzzled faces!

"Why did the Dragon Palace owe the Iron Blood Alliance a Favor?"

Wang Xian looked at them and asked expressionlessly!

"Dragon King, you... Our Iron Blood Alliance was attacked by the Beast Tide at the Luolman Desolate Beast Park. The Dragon King and the Dragon Palace helped us reduce our losses by a lot!"

The two deputy chiefs gritted their teeth and replied!

"I don't expect anything in return for helping you. Please give me an explanation for what happened just now!"

Wang Xian's body slowly emitted a hint of dragon might as he stared at them with a sharp gaze!

"Dragon King, we... We just received a message from the East Li Immortal dynasty..."

"Do you really think that I didn't know that you sent a voice transmission to the East Li Immortal Dynasty?"

A deputy chief spoke but was interrupted coldly by Wang Xian!

"I hate ungrateful people the most!"

"I Can Help Your Iron Blood Alliance and Destroy Your Iron Blood Alliance!"

Wang Xian stared at them and spoke with a murderous look!

His words caused the expressions of the people from the Iron Blood Alliance to change drastically!

Now that they had seen the full power of the Dragon Palace, even if this power could not destroy their iron blood alliance, it could still bring them a huge disaster!

One had to know that they still had the huge threat of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

Even if they had the help of the blazing flame divine empire, but... The power of the Dragon King had already exceeded their expectations!

"Dragon King, we don't have..."

Boom! Boom! Boom

They wanted to warn him, but at this moment, terrifying attacks came from all directions and covered them!

"Soul capture!"

At the same time, Wang Xian extended his palm and attacked one of the deputy chiefs!

"No!"

The people from the Iron Blood Alliance who were attacked by the devouring dragons had no chance to resist!

The terrifying power landed on them!

Buzz

Wang Xian grabbed with his palm and a stream of information entered his mind!