Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2493: 2493 Dragon Palace

"The members of the iron-blood alliance have been killed!"

"The Dragon Palace has done the iron-blood Alliance a favor, but now, the iron-blood Alliance seems to have repaid their kindness with enmity. Now that the Dragon King knows about it, it's only right for them to be killed!"

The battle in front of the East Li Dynasty's divine palace had come to an end. Everyone looked forward!

Over there, the experts of the Dragon Palace had killed the members of the iron-blood Alliance!

"After today, I think the Dragon Palace will be the overlord of this place!"

Some powerhouses from some factions mumbled. They looked at the Dragon King with reverence!

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian, who had absorbed the memories of a Deputy Alliance leader, waved his arm and took the communication stone plates from them!

He waved his arm and opened the communication stone plates to read the contents!

"Blazing Flame Empire, I don't think I have offended anyone from the blazing flame empire. Why are they trying to kill me?"

Wang Xian mumbled softly. Following that, a hint of violent killing intent flashed in his eyes!

Back then, he had led the members of the Dragon Palace to help the Iron Blood Alliance to fend off the Beast Tide. Although he had his own selfish motives, he had helped the Iron Blood Alliance to tide over a dangerous situation!

Now, they actually wanted to kill him!

To repay kindness with enmity!

Wang Xian was extremely furious at the actions of the iron-blood Alliance!

He hated people who repaid kindness with enmity the most! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"The iron-blood Alliance, huh? I will make you pay the price!"

He slowly raised his head and looked at the corpse in front of him!

"Die, die, die, die, die!"

At this moment, an incomparably violent roar came from the sky. He looked over!

In the sky, the great ancestor of the eastern Li dynasty was fully prepared to die. He was desperately trying to drag a member of the Dragon Palace into the water!

Some cracks had already appeared in the surrounding black holes that disturbed the space!

The great ancestor of the eastern Li dynasty did not think of escaping. Instead, he was going to fight to the death!

However, with two devouring dragons and a berserk dragon seed, ao Qitian and Ao Xie were not to be trifled with!

As divine dragon seeds, they did not show any signs of panic in the face of his desperate efforts!

The three of them did not have any injuries on their bodies. On the contrary, the body of the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire was already in tatters!

It was only a matter of time before the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire fell!

"Clean up everything!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The Dragon Palace didn't use all their strength this time, but the rewards this time would be terrifying!

Just the Undying Emperor corpses alone had reached about 60.

Among them, there were a total of 12 undying Emperor Level 3 corpses!

These 12 undying God countries with undying emperor level 3 corpses could add 6 undying emperor level 5 warriors to the Devouring Dragon!

And these 12 corpses could also increase the Dragon Palace's strength by 2-3 Level 5 undying god King members!

The rest of the corpses and the East Li Dynasty's assets were enough to make a huge difference in the Dragon Palace's strength!

After all, the entire East Li Dynasty had stood in this starry sky for over 10 million years, their foundations were extremely deep!

These resources could bring a huge boost to the Dragon Palace!

Other than that, there were also the few forces that were courting death from the Ling Tian sect of the snow sect. They could also bring a lot of resources to the Dragon Palace!

"There are also more than twenty immortal god King Battle Pets!"

Wang Xian looked at the battle pets lying on the ground. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly. After circling around, the battle pets returned to him!

"My East Li Immortal Dynasty has stood for millions of years. I am not willing to let it be destroyed by me. I am not willing!"

In the sky, a miserable voice filled with endless unwillingness rang out!

"The great ancestor of the East Li Immortal dynasty is going to die!"

"He is going to be killed. The East Li Immortal dynasty is completely finished!"

Everyone around looked at the battlefield. Their hearts trembled slightly and their faces were filled with shock!

"Bang!"

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

Loud Bangs rang out one after another. It lasted for a full minute!

After a minute, the entire sky was completely silent. A corpse was falling downwards!

In the middle, the great ancestor of the eastern Li Celestial Empire did not let out a single cry of Pain!

If one had the will to die, one would be courting death!

Wang Xian looked at the corpse coldly. The Dragon Palace had always upheld the principle of not provoking others!

However, if someone wanted to kill him, they would have to suffer ten times and a hundred times the Dragon Palace's Revenge!

Gulp

Seeing nearly 60 immortal godly monarchs fall and a level 4 immortal godly monarch fall, everyone couldn't help but Gulp!

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations Dragon King for a complete victory!"

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations Dragon King for a complete victory!"

In the surrounding area, the Overlord Sect's sect master hesitated for a moment before looking at the heavenly law sect's sect master. The two of them looked at each other before taking a step forward and congratulating each other!

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations Dragon King for a complete victory!"

The group of Overlord sect and heavenly law sect's powerful disciples immediately took a few steps forward as they respectfully cupped their hands and greeted!

"Greetings Dragon King, Congratulations Dragon King for a complete victory!"

The other leaders of the forces saw this scene and quickly led their disciples to bow loudly!

The current Dragon Palace was a throne built on the corpses of the East Li Undying Dynasty!

They didn't even dare to resist the East Li Undying dynasty, much less the current Dragon Palace!

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the Dragon Palace's strength could destroy all the forces present!

Even if all the factions were added together, there were thousands of immortal kings!

"Alright, you guys can leave first. When the Dragon Palace holds the war pet auction again soon, everyone will gather again. At that time, our Dragon Palace will have something to discuss with you!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at the people from all the factions around him and said indifferently!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The group of factions nodded immediately. When they saw the formation disappear, they took a deep look and left immediately!

"Invincible, we have settled everything. Let's return to the Overlord sect!"

The Overlord sect leader hesitated for a moment and said to invincible battle technique!

"It's Master!"

Invincible battle technique smiled and nodded. He raised his head slightly and looked at the experts from the Overlord sect!

The current him could be said to have soared into the sky!

The invincible in the past may have been monstrous, with the Overlord clan backing him and an undying god King Level 3 master!

But now, without relying on his background and strength, he could be ranked first in this region!

In terms of background? Sorry, my boss is Dragon King!

Invincible was very proud of himself at this moment!

"Dragon King, I have already sent people to all the planets under the control of the East Li Celestial Empire. We will soon take over the East Lake Planet, the largest wealth of the East Li Celestial Empire!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked over and said to Wang Xian with a smile on his face!

"HMM, you can handle this matter. I will bring a few members to their immortal divine kingdom!"

Wang Xian nodded at Prime Minister Gui!

He could rest assured that Prime Minister Gui would do a better job than him!

In addition, he wanted to find out the immortal God country of these 60 immortal God kings through the formation!