Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2494: 2,494 Dragon Palace

"The East Li Dynasty's he Dian, the Dragon Palace sent gifts of war and destruction, the East Li Undying dynasty was completely destroyed!"

"Shocking, the East Li Undying Dynasty was destroyed, the Dragon Palace Dragon King led a group of warriors and easily swept through the entire East Li Dynasty!"

"The Dragon Palace's strength is too terrifying, 3 undying level 4 warriors, over 10 undying level 3 warriors, the East Li Undying dynasty didn't even have the strength to resist!"

"Just when everyone thought that the East Li dynasty didn't care about the Dragon Palace, just when everyone thought that the Dragon Palace wasn't as good as the East Li Dynasty, the Dragon Emperor led his men to destroy the entire East Li Dynasty!"

"The Dragon Emperor led 60 to 70 undyings this time, easily destroying the entire East Li dynasty, close to 60 undyings fell!"

After the destruction of the East Li Dynasty, all the powerful warriors left with their disciples!

In less than half an hour, news about the entire East Li dynasty's he dian spread throughout the AI!

Today's battle shocked everyone!

The Dragon Palace that no one thought highly of, had actually stepped into the East Li Dynasty's he Dian and killed everyone!

The East Li dynasty didn't even have the strength to resist!

When the news spread out, it shook the entire region, everyone looked at the contents in disbelief!

3 undying level 4 warriors from the Dragon Palace, over 10 undying level 3 warriors!

Such a terrifying power, it shocked everyone!

There were even some who recorded the battle, the recording wasn't clear, but the Battle of the Eternal God Lord was clear!

The 100,000 troops of the Dragon Palace, the weaker ones had the strength of an eternal god Lord Level 3, they single-handedly slaughtered the strongest ARMY OF THE EAST LI Undying Empire!

Looking at the images and the news, everyone was shocked!

"This region, the Dragon King will be the leader in the future, the East Lake Planet will soon be under the control of the Dragon Palace!"

"The power of the Dragon Palace is simply too strong, we have to change the overlord of this region!"

Some warriors looked at the information, muttering to themselves!

"An undying less than 1,000 years old has been born, a heaven defying existence, invincible in his battle techniques!" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Overlord sect leader's disciple, the little brother of the Dragon King's Invincible Battle Techniques has reached the Undying Emperor realm, he's only less than 1,000 years old!"

"This is unbelievable, an undying emperor who's not even 1,000 years old, and the Dragon King's Level 2 battle pet, it's too terrifying!"

"This time, not only is the Dragon Palace famous, that invincible battle technique will be famous too. Reaching the Undying Emperor realm before 1,000 years old, this talent, even in our resplendent region and thousands of worlds, there's not a single one!"

"Absolute geniuses, even the disciples of the large sects and even the pinnacle powers don't have Invincible Warriors!"

Other than the Dragon Palace destroying the East Li Undying Emperor dynasty that shocked everyone, there was another thing that shocked everyone!

Invincible warrior reached the Undying Emperor realm before 1,000 years old!

Such monstrous talent, it shocked everyone!

Emperor's talent!

These four words were said out of nowhere. Following that, more and more people said that invincible in battle techniques had emperor's talent!

What was emperor's talent meant that one had the potential to become a void God Emperor!

And void God Emperor was a top expert in this resplendent land, the greater world. There were only a few void God emperors in this entire region!

One could imagine how shocked people were at being invincible in combat techniques!

Some people said that with the Overlord Sect's strength, they could not nurture such a monstrous existence like the invincible in combat techniques. Only with the help of the Dragon King would the invincible in combat techniques be so strong!

The invincible in combat techniques had become an undying god King at such a young age. Some people guessed that the Dragon King's appearance was so young, and his true age might not be that old!

The entire AI was discussing this battle, over a trillion people were discussing it.

This battle was akin to an earthquake in space!

"Dad, Mom, look, look, Brother's information, he actually broke through to undying Emperor!"

In the Tian Ze continent, Invincible's sister ran to her parents in disbelief, staring wide eyed as she shouted!

"This... this... what the ancestor said is true, invincible has actually broken through to undying!"

Invincible's mother's gaze was a little dazed, following which she said excitedly!

"AH? Dad, Mom, you already know? Now everyone is powerful, the Dragon King has destroyed the East Li Undying Dynasty, and the Dragon Palace is the king of our region, from now on, with the Dragon King's protection, you can do whatever you want!"

"No, from now on, I want to hug my brother's legs, I want him to get me an undying Emperor Mount!"

Zhan Fa Tian Mei pouted, her face filled with envy!

"HM? The Dragon Palace destroyed the East Li Undying Dynasty? Give me the AI, let me take a look!"

Zhan FA Invincible's father was shocked, he had already said that invincible had become an undying emperor, but he really didn't know that the Dragon Palace had destroyed the East Li Dynasty!

The crisis in the Tian Ze continent had already been resolved, but the AI that covered the entire emperor star field had yet to spread!

On star source planet, the overlords and heavenly technique disciples who had received the news were also shocked!

When Leng Yue heard the news, her face was filled with disbelief!

A few months ago, the Dragon Emperor's strength hadn't even reached undying God Emperor, and he was still being chased by the star Beast Tower Disciples. Now, the Dragon Palace had become the overlord of this region!

It was too fast!

In the next few days, the entire region was filled with information about the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and his invincible battle techniques!

Some people cheered for the Dragon Palace's destruction of the East Li Dynasty, while others were worried!

The birth of a new king required new rules after all!

Wang Xian was very busy these few days. He had to deal with all sorts of matters and build the dragon palaces on each planet!

He didn't even have the time to look at the information on the AI!

He had to search for the immortal divine kingdom of the experts from the East Li Dynasty. He had to take over the life planets occupied by the East Li Dynasty and build the dragon palaces in the ocean!

There were some things that Prime Minister Gui couldn't handle. He had to do it himself!

The East Li Dynasty and the other three forces controlled about two hundred life planets!

He would occupy all of them and build one Dragon Palace after another!

Wang Xian had obtained many rewards from the system for the establishment of the Dragon Palace!

Among them, the reward that excited him the most was the imperial dragon seed!

The imperial dragon seed was the strongest defensive dragon seed known to the Dragon Palace. It had three attributes of Earth, metal, and Wood!

Their combat strength was not considered very strong, but they were indeed the strongest shields among the dragon seeds!

When the imperial dragon seed defended itself, even the berserk dragon seed would find it difficult to defeat it!

Of course, the Imperial Dragon Seed couldn't defeat the mad dragon seed either!

The appearance of the imperial dragon seed improved the overall defense of the Dragon Palace a lot. Although the Saturn Turtles had good defense in the past, they were only the most ordinary dragon seed!

Now, after they evolved into the imperial dragon seed, their defense had undergone a shocking transformation!