Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2495: 2495 was upgraded

"Miss, Miss!"

In the East Lake Planet's Black Forest Divine Mansion, there was a bamboo forest surrounding it. The Imperial Star Lady was cultivating in a room!

The elder walked in and called out softly!

"Old Bu, what's the matter?"

Auntie Ying appeared and asked the Elder!

"Butler Ying, look at the AI. Something big has happened in this area!"

The old man in cloth clothes immediately said to Auntie Ying!

"Oh?"

Auntie Ying raised her eyebrows and immediately turned on the AI!

"Huh?"

When he saw the incident that was discussed on the AI, a shocked expression appeared on his face!

"Auntie Ying, what happened?"

At this moment, imperial star Lady walked out of the room and asked her!

"Miss, Look!"

Auntie Ying showed the incident on the AI in front of her in slight astonishment!

"HM? This... how did that guy have such powerful strength?"

Emperor Star Lady looked at the information on the Dragon Palace, her mouth slightly agape!

"This Dragon King is a little mysterious, he has quite a bit of power. It would be better if the Dragon Palace destroyed the East Li Dynasty, but that little brother of his has invincible battle techniques, reaching the undying god King realm at less than 1,000 years old, that's a little terrifying!"

"At such an age, even in the entire emperor star field, it's shocking news, and now he's being called an Emperor!"

Aunt Ying said in shock!

"An undying emperor that's only 1,000 years old, this... What kind of opportunity did he get to reach it?"

The Emperor Star Lady opened her mouth slightly, her eyes filled with envy!

Such talent in their imperial court was unprecedented!

"Miss, old BU said that when we captured the space beast back then, he sensed that the Dragon King was only at Undying Level 2, and now he's at Undying Level 3!"

"And I've checked the Dragon King's information recently, he only appeared in Tian Ze continent a few months ago, back then he was at most at undying level 4 or 5!"

Aunt Ying said slowly!

"How is that possible? Aunt Ying, is it possible that the Dragon King was resurrected after the fall of a powerhouse?"

The imperial star Lady widened her eyes and asked with a face full of shock!

"It's possible!"

Aunt Ying nodded slightly!

"Miss, if we can get the Dragon King to help us, it will be very beneficial to you in the future!"

After hesitating for a moment, Aunt Ying opened her mouth and said!

"But... but will that guy agree?"

The Emperor Star Lady's expression changed!

"There's no rush. There's still two years left!"

Aunt Ying said softly!

The Emperor Star Lady looked at the picture of the Dragon King on the artificial intelligence system with some complicated feelings in her heart!

This guy was getting more and more powerful!

..

"Something has happened. Alliance master, three patriarchs, two of our Deputy Alliance Masters have been killed by the Dragon King. Quick, look at the information on the Artificial Intelligence System!"

At this moment, at the iron-blood Alliance's headquarters!

Due to the obstruction of the information, it took them several days to obtain all the information there!

An expert from the iron-blood alliance carried a A.I. and entered the main hall to report with an unsightly expression!

"Elder Duan, we've just received this information!"

In the main hall, the three patriarchs and the iron-blood Alliance master sat there with gloomy expressions!

On both sides, there were the 5 warriors of the Raging Flame God dynasty and the Raging Flame God dynasty emperor!

"The Dragon King already knows that we are going to make a move on him, and he said it on the spot, he will make our Iron Blood Alliance pay the price!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader's face was almost bleeding!

The Dragon Palace's strength had brought them too much shock!

3 undying level 4 warriors and over 10 undying level 3 warriors, this power was much more powerful than even their iron blood alliance!

Now, the Dragon King was looking for trouble with them, and with the threat of the Lorman desolate beast garden in front of them, they were adding insult to injury!

"Members of the Raging Flame Empire, you have all seen the situation, we have already offended the Dragon Palace Dragon King because of you!"

"With our Iron Blood Alliance's strength, there's no way we can destroy the Dragon King!"

An ancestor looked at the members of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty with a gloomy face and roared in a low voice! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

If they had known that the Dragon King had such strength, they would definitely not have agreed. However, it was too late now!

"We will immediately report this matter to our raging flame divine emperor!"

The members of the raging flame divine dynasty also frowned!

They thought that destroying the Dragon King would be a piece of cake!

However, they didn't expect that with the Dragon Palace's current strength, it was already considered a third rate force. This force, even if the Raging Flame Empire wanted to deal with it, they had to make preparations!

After all, their Raging Flame Undying Empire was also a third rate force, however it was only a peak third rate force, with several undying level 5 warriors!

"Our Iron Blood Alliance will fully cooperate with your raging flame empire, but we hope that you can keep your promise!"

The iron-blood Alliance members said with grim faces!

"Everyone, don't worry. Wait for a moment!"

The Raging Flame Divine Empire nodded to everyone!

...

"Our young master can allow five outstanding heaven's favored disciples of Your Raging Flame Divine Empire to enter the Imperial Court Academy. Everything that happens after that will depend on themselves!"

"Yes, yes. Sir, please thank young master on our behalf. Our Raging Flame Divine Empire will definitely do our best to eliminate that Dragon King. Please rest assured, Young Master!"

In the starry sky opposite the Iron Blood Alliance's Lorman Desolate Beast Park, an old man with flames all over his body stood respectfully in front of an image as he spoke with an excited expression!

The moment he finished speaking, the figure in front of the image immediately disappeared!

"Phew, five spots to eliminate a third-rate force. It's worth it!"

"Men, go and call the two nation-guarding generals over!"

The old man whose body was covered in flames immediately ordered!

"A piece of good news has come from our Raging Flame Dynasty!"

Very soon, at the iron-blood Alliance, an expert from the raging flame dynasty looked at the news with a faint smile on his face!

"Yes, gentlemen, what's The News?"

The iron-blood Alliance master hurriedly asked!

"Our Raging Flame Dynasty will send two defender-generals over. When the time comes, you can just follow the orders of our defender-generals!"

The warrior from the Raging Flame Empire said indifferently!

"Two generals!"

The members of the Iron Blood Alliance were shocked, their faces filled with joy!

"With the general of the Raging Flame Undying Empire making a move, killing that Dragon King will be a piece of cake!"

The members of the Iron Blood Alliance were all excited!

The General, an undying level 5 warrior, was in charge of the Raging Flame Empire, intimidating everyone!

With their arrival, they could also help the Iron Blood Alliance to deal with some threats from the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

Wang Xian did not pay any attention to the shock from the outside world, the boiling in his brain, or the situation on the Iron Blood Alliance's side!

Wang Xian, who had been busy for a few days, finally relaxed!

Looking at the various resources in front of him, an excited look appeared on his face!

He originally thought that he needed to capture the immortal king level 3 battle pet for his advancement. However, this time, the accumulation of the East Li Dynasty and the snow sect's three forces was enough for Wang Xian to advance by one level!