Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2496: 2496 overall improvement

Wang Xian's improvement had always been the one that consumed the most resources!

The rapid improvement recently was all due to the sale of tamed war pets!

After destroying the East Li Immortal dynasty, they had plundered more than 60 immortal Emperor's immortal empire!

They had obtained a terrifying amount of resources from it!

The resources that a faction had did not include the resources that the Immortal King alone had!

Which Immortal King did not have some treasures?

There were more than 60 immortal kings, and one of them was an immortal King Level 4 existence. Their treasures could totally upgrade the Dragon Palace!

Looking at the pile of treasures in front of him, Wang Xian was ready to break through his strength immediately!

Once he broke through, he would have the combat strength of a level four immortal king. When he mastered the black hole space-disturbing formation, he would be able to destroy a level four immortal king powerhouse!

"Dragon King, our Dragon Palace has taken over more than a hundred planets. East Lake Planet has also become our Dragon Palace's Commercial Planet!"

"This is some information regarding the future development path of the Dragon Palace and the fixed resources currently controlled by the Dragon Palace!"

Prime Minister Gui sat over and handed Wang Xian a set of information!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and took it over to have a look!

More than a hundred life planets. This was a huge amount of wealth!

Controlling this planet meant controlling the tax revenue of this planet!

The tax revenue was extremely terrifying. Other than that, the planet owned some industries that could monopolize the planet!

Once it was monopolized, it would be another terrifying gain!

Of course, these gains were not bad for the Dragon Palace. The most important thing for the Dragon Palace was the East Lake Planet!

The East Lake Planet was a commercial planet. According to Prime Minister Gui's analysis, the profits from the East Lake Planet in a day could increase the Dragon Palace by three Eternal God lords!

What a terrifying thing!

In addition to the Dragon Palace's fixed assets, Prime Minister Gui had also formulated some development plans!

For example, in this area, more than 100,000 human life planets could give up their oceans to the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon Palace could protect a planet!

For those human life planets that were not threatened by desolate beasts, the Dragon Palace could take out the territories of more than 100 planets to trade for their oceans!

According to Prime Minister Gui's estimation, more than half of the hundred thousand human life planets currently had external threats!

If the Dragon Palace proposed this plan, there would definitely be many planets that would be willing for the Dragon Palace to enter their planet's oceans!

At that time, the Dragon Palace would receive an explosive increase in strength!

And the Dragon Palace would have sufficient resources to increase the number of new Dragon Palace members!

According to Prime Minister Gui's plan, the number of members of the Dragon Palace would be increased to 500,000 or even 1,000,000 within a year!

"Alright. According to the instructions from above, all the available resources are now in the Dragon Palace. Call the members of the Dragon Palace over. Next, we will upgrade our strength!"

Wang Xian nodded and instructed Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

"Little Xian, if you are too busy, you can let us and Prime Minister GUI handle some matters for you!"

Just as Prime Minister Gui left, a group of girls walked over!

"Alright, Alright. I have nothing to be busy with. Just leave it to Prime Minister Gui and the rest of the civil officials. Next, I want to raise my strength. All of you should also raise your strength to the Immortal Godly King Realm!"

Wang Xian said to the group of girls!

"Alright, Alright. In the future, you will be in charge of the external affairs while we will be in charge of the internal affairs. Oh right, don't forget to get Qing Yue and Lingxiu back as soon as possible!"

The group of girls nodded their heads!

"Don't Worry!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at the resources in front of him. Then, his body moved!

Roar

A low roar was heard. His entire body immediately transformed into the body of a divine dragon that was more than 10,000 meters long!

"It's been a long time since I've transformed into a divine dragon. When I'm stronger, I don't have to be so apprehensive anymore!"

Wang Xian mumbled. He stared at the resources in front of him and opened his dragon mouth!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

All kinds of elixirs, divine trees, divine herbs, divine fruits, and divine liquid flew into his mouth and immediately transformed into a huge amount of origin dragon energy!

Just as Wang Xian was rapidly improving, he was located in another part of the Dragon Palace!

Numerous gigantic eternal kingdoms of the immortal God realm were placed around him. Devouring Dragons were devouring them crazily.

After inheriting the genes of the bug clan, their speed of improvement was similarly terrifying!

In the dragon transformation pool, the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace were sitting cross-legged inside. Similarly, they were improving their own strength!

This time, there were more than 60 immortal god King realm experts and 200,000 to 300,000 eternal God master realm experts who obtained the corpses!

There were only 170,000 members in the Dragon Palace now. After consuming the dragon blood, every single one of them would receive a huge boost!

At least this time, the number of immortal kings in the Dragon Palace could break through 200!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Not long after, Wang Xian's dragon roar resounded throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

All the members of the Dragon Palace paused and looked in one direction. Their eyes were filled with passion!

The Dragon King was about to break through!

Crack! Crack! Crack

At this moment, Wang Xian's dragon body had already reached 15,000 meters long. The shimmering substantive laws on it caused the entire dragon body to glow with seven-colored radiance!

"He has already possessed the combat strength of an immortal king level four. It Won't be long before I can recover. hahaha!"

At the side, the divine emperor Tian Chen seemed to be even more excited than Wang Xian!

"Roar!"

Wang Xian opened his eyes slowly. Feeling the immense power, he smiled.

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Eternal Lord Level 8(Divine Dragon Transformation Level 6)

Origin: 124,344/500,000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe that is lower than one's own level)

Devours living things (devours living things to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang two poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 8)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Dragon Palace members: 178,693

"Eternal Lord Level 8, I'm about to reach the seventh change of the Divine Dragon!"

Wang Xian looked at his attributes with a smile on his face!

Eternal Lord Level 8 was able to fight against a Level 4 immortal King!

Such strength was invincible in this region!

"There's still one more thing to do. Destroy the Iron Blood Alliance and consolidate the strength of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian mumbled! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Wang Xian would make ungrateful people pay the price of blood!

After all the members of the Dragon Palace were upgraded, he could prepare to make his move!

Buzz

He moved and arrived at the Dragon King's Palace in an instant!

He stretched lazily and took out his AI to check the current situation!

When he saw the comments on the thread, a faint smile appeared on his face!

"This area will soon be dominated by the Dragon Palace. Stabilize this area, settle down for a year, and enter an even more magnificent area ahead!"

Wang Xian mumbled!