Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2497: 2497 entered the Lohrman Desolate Beast Park again

Time passed day by day. All the members of the Dragon Palace were rapidly improving their strength!

The outside world was in chaos. The members of the Dragon Palace were staying in the Dragon Palace!

A month's time passed in the blink of an eye. The improvement of all the members of the Dragon Palace had come to an end!

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and sensed the strength of the entire Dragon Palace. A smile appeared on his face!

After this battle, the combat strength of the Immortal King of the Dragon Palace broke through 200, reaching more than 230!

The strongest ones, ao crab and the Devouring Dragon, had six devouring dragons with the combat strength of an immortal King Level 5!

Other than that, the devouring dragon had 10 immortal King Level 4 combat strength and 20 level 3 combat strength!

The remaining level 1 and Level 2 fighters were 30 to 40!

The Devouring Dragon was much stronger than the overall strength of the Dragon Palace!

Other than the devouring dragon, Wang Xian had level 4 immortal king level fighters while Ao Qi, Tian, ao Xing, Mu, and Ao Qi had level 4 immortal king level fighters!

The rest were level 3 and below!

With such strength, if released, it would definitely shock the entire starry sky!

"Prime Minister Gui!"

Wang Xian shouted softly!

"I'm Here!"

Soon, Prime Minister Gui walked over respectfully!

"What's the situation with the Iron Blood Alliance?"

Wang Xian asked him!

"Dragon King, according to Ao Yao's investigation, we have discovered that there are experts from the Raging Flame Celestial Empire who have entered the Iron Blood Alliance. Among them, there are two level 5 immortal king experts!"

"In addition, we have sent people to investigate about the raging flame empire. They are a top third-rate force with five immortal King Level 5 experts!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately reported to Wang Xian!

After learning that the Raging Flame Empire and the Iron Blood Alliance wanted to kill him, Wang Xian naturally had to be prepared!

Over the past month, Ao Yao had led some subordinates to investigate a lot of information!

"Two level 5 immortal king powerhouses. There are a total of five in the entire Raging Flame Dynasty!"

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes revealed a cold look. A force with only five level 5 immortal king powerhouses wanted to kill him!

"Have you found out why they want to kill me?"

Wang Xian asked!

"Dragon King, we haven't found him yet. I'm afraid only the powerhouses from the Iron Blood Alliance and the Raging Flame Dynasty Know About It!"

Prime Minister Gui shook his head!

"HMM, if we attack now, do you have the confidence to wipe them out in one fell swoop?"

Wang Xian asked!

"The possibility of keeping them all alive is very small. At the very least, the two immortal King Level 5 powerhouses are hard to kill. We can severely injure the iron blood alliance, but it's still a little difficult to wipe them out completely!"

Prime Minister Gui shook his head. He pondered for a moment and said, "Unless... We can gather all the powerhouses of the Iron Blood Alliance just like the Beast Tide. We can exterminate all the powerhouses of the Iron Blood Alliance!"

Wang Xian sat there with a thoughtful look on his face!

"What's the current situation in the outside world?"

After more than ten seconds, Wang Xian asked!

"Dragon King, everything is normal. All the properties of our Dragon Palace are on the right track. The fire hammer clan has evolved into the fire-gold dragon seed. The divine weapons they forged have been sold on Planet Dongchi and are loved by the strong!"

"The elixirs refined by the Dragon Queen and the Fire Phoenix Dragon Seed have also been snatched up. Now, the Dragon Palace can earn a lot of resources every day. These resources can help the members of the Dragon Palace improve rapidly. The weakest among us now has the combat strength of a level five eternal Lord!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile on his face!

There were more than 170,000 members of the Dragon Palace and the lowest combat strength was a level five eternal lord. This force was absolutely invincible in the entire region!

"After we finish off the Iron Blood Alliance, there will be no enemies in this region. When the time comes, we will expand the number of members of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian said!

"It's the Dragon King. Do We make any preparations for the Iron Blood Alliance?"

Prime Minister Gui asked!

"There's no need. I'll handle this matter!"

Wang Xian shook his head and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

The last time, the Dragon Palace had helped the Iron Blood Alliance to fend off the beast tide, preventing them from being attacked and destroyed by the desolate beasts!

Since they had repaid their kindness with enmity, they would return the Beast Tide to them!

"It's about time to let that free laborer do the work!"

Wang Xian smiled!

He took out his AI and immediately sent a message to the Empress!

After sending more than ten messages consecutively, he waited for a reply!

"It's enough to send it once. I'm Not Blind!"

Very soon, a cold message was sent back!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled and replied immediately, "Wait at the location of the teleportation formation on Planet Dongchi. I'll be there right away!"

"Alright!"

The Imperial Star Lady replied to a message very quickly!

"Ao Yao, ao crab!"

Wang Xian stood up and shouted!

"I'm Here!"

Two figures appeared in front of Wang Xian immediately and cupped their hands!

"You two, come with me!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He said to the two of them!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The two of them nodded in response!

"Let's Go!"

There was an ocean on Planet Dongchi. The Dragon Palace had been established there and could be teleported over instantly!

Buzz

Soon, Wang Xian brought ao Xie and the rest to the location of the teleportation formation!

When they arrived, di Xing 'er had yet to arrive!

"The speed is a little slow!"

After waiting for a few minutes, Wang Xian looked at di Xing 'er and said with a smile!

"It's you who came too early. Where Are We Going?"

Di Xing 'er glanced at him with an expressionless face!

"The Lorman Desolate Beast Park, it's still there!"

Wang Xian smiled at her and walked to the teleportation formation at the side!

"Dragon King!"

The people guarding the teleportation formation shouted at Wang Xian respectfully!

Buzz

Di Xingnu followed behind and stepped into the teleportation formation. Soon, they arrived at a planet that was relatively close to luorman!

Due to the betrayal of the Iron Blood Alliance, there was no longer any teleportation formation from Dongchi Planet to the Iron Blood Alliance!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xingnu and flew directly in the direction of the Luolman Desolate Beast Park!

Aunt Ying followed behind with Di Xingnu!

Their speed was very fast. The distance of hundreds of billions of kilometers was only half an hour!

"We're at the Edge!"

Half an hour later, Wang Xian looked at the vast Luolman desolate beast park in front of him. His eyes were sparkling!

This place was located on the right side of the Iron Blood Alliance. There was still some distance between them and the Iron Blood Alliance!

"This time, we are going to enter the depths of the Luolman Beast Park. We are going to capture some level four immortal king level battle pets. So, it will be tough for us from now on!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the area in front of him as he spoke to Emperor Star Lady!

"Level four immortal king level? You... you can tame them?"

Hearing Wang Xian's words, di Xing nu was slightly shocked. She stared at Wang Xian with her eyes wide open!

To be able to tame an immortal King Level 4 battle pet, what kind of concept was that?

It meant that his strength had reached at least immortal King Level 4!

Last time, he was Level 3. This time, he was Level 4? How was that possible?

"Of course I Can!"

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly!

His strength had improved so quickly that he could not hide it. He might as well not hide it at all!