Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2498: 2498 arrangement

"Immortal King Level 4! ! !"

Empress Star Lady followed behind Wang Xian with a face full of shock. She looked at Auntie Ying who was beside her!

"Such a terrifying speed of improvement, even those powerhouses who were reborn with blood might not be able to do it!"

Auntie Ying shook her head slightly and sent a voice transmission! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"With his speed, won't he be able to improve to immortal king level 5 or even level 6 in a year or two?"

Emperor Star Lady said Dumbly!

"I feel that the underlings beside him are stronger than the Dragon King!"

Aunt Ying frowned as she sensed ao he's strength!

Her strength was at Undying Level 6, and from her senses, the energy from Ao he's body wasn't weak at all. The one who could make him feel that wasn't weak was most likely an undying level 5 warrior!

"This..."

Emperor Star Lady was stunned!

When he heard that the Dragon Palace had destroyed the east li immortal dynasty and had a few level 4 immortal king level warriors, she was already shocked!

However now, the other party had displayed even more powerful strength, causing her to be stunned!

Since when could one's strength increase so easily?

"Ao Yao, you guys go around and check out the news. Once you find the Immortal King Desolate Beast, report immediately!"

After entering the Luolman desolate beast park for hundreds of billions of kilometers, Wang Xian immediately ordered Ao Yao and the rest!

This time, Ao Yao brought three of her underlings. All of them had the ability to assassinate an undying godly monarch level 3 powerhouse!

Of course, the main reason they came was to find the desolate beast!

With the hidden ability of the thorned dragon species, without the strength of an undying godly monarch level 6 or 7, without a serious search, they would not be discovered!

At the very least, Aunty Ying did not discover Ao Yao and the rest!

Ao Yao and the rest were able to investigate the surroundings more easily than Aunty Ying of the Emperor Star!

They would not alert the desolate beasts!

"Just follow me. This time, I won't let you go and investigate!"

Wang Xian said to the Emperor Star Lady. Using the ancestral tree's ability to transmit information to the surrounding trees, he could sense the situation around him!

Di Xing nu did not say a word!

The Lorman desolate beast park was extremely huge. There were countless desolate beasts living here. According to the guess of some people in the AI, there were at least tens of thousands of immortal king desolate beasts!

The desolate beasts in the middle were extremely powerful and had the strength of a level 5 or 6 immortal King!

Every immortal king desolate beast had their own race or Territory!

Once a new immortal King was born, they would often fight over their territory!

"Buzz!"

"Dragon King, I have found an immortal king desolate beast!"

Two hours later, a thorned dragon flew over and reported to Wang Xian!

"Location!"

Wang Xian immediately asked!

"Star Lady Beauty, it's Your Turn!"

After receiving the message from the thorned dragon, Wang Xian immediately said to the Emperor Star Lady!

"Huh? How did you find out?"

She looked at Wang Xian in surprise!

"I naturally sent people to investigate. There is a level 2 immortal king level desolate beast at a location of 200 million kilometers to the right!"

"Attract it over!"

Wang Xian said to her!

"Alright!"

Di Xing nu looked at him and didn't ask any more questions. She flew straight to the right!

This wasn't the first time she was being chased by a desolate beast. Now, she was much more relaxed!

Buzz Buzz Buzz

Di Xing nu left. Wang Xian quickly began to set up a formation!

He didn't need to set up a formation that could trap a level 4 immortal king level desolate beast. A formation that could trap a level 3 desolate beast was enough!

The speed of setting up the formation was very fast. By the side, Aunt Ying retreated tens of millions of kilometers!

Following that, Wang Xian and ao crab hid at the side and waited!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

An hour later, a roar was heard accompanied by an extremely pathetic figure!

"It's Here!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. The Empress Star was still in an extremely pathetic state this time!

No one could have imagined that the famous star goddess of the imperial star field would be in such a pathetic state!

"Buzz!"

When the desolate beast entered the area, the formation was activated!

"Boom!"

Wang Xian immediately appeared. His arm turned into a dragon claw and grabbed the desolate beast in his hand. At the same time, a terrifying dragon aura engulfed the desolate beast!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When the desolate beast saw Wang Xian who had suddenly appeared, it revealed a terrified expression and let out a terrified cry!

However, with Wang Xian's current strength, it was impossible for it to escape!

Wang Xian grabbed the beast with his Dragon Claw and immediately began to tame it!

The process of taming the beast was still very fast. In less than half an hour, the immortal king desolate beast was crawling under Wang Xian's feet!

"Very good!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. With a wave of his arm, the surrounding formation disappeared!

"Go back to your nest and wait for the Order!"

Wang Xian had a thought and ordered this war pet!

"Roar!"

The tamed war pet let out a low roar and flew back to its nest!

"Huh? Why did you let it go back?"

When di Xingnu saw that Wang Xian had let it go back after taming it, her face was filled with astonishment!

"I have my own plans!"

Wang Xian said to her mysteriously!

"If you don't want to say it, then so be it!"

The Celestial Queen said coldly!

Wang Xian smiled and didn't say anything. He stood on the spot and waited quietly!

In less than an hour, there was news from Ao Yao!

"Let's Go!"

This time, the distance was relatively far. After flying for more than 100 million kilometers, Wang Xian stopped!

"About 5,000 kilometers over there, there's a Level 1 immortal King Desolate Beast!"

Wang Xian pointed at a spot and said to the Empress Star Lady!

She didn't say anything and flew straight ahead!

This time, the wait was a little long. It took the Empress Star Lady more than an hour to bring the immortal King Level 1 desolate beast over!

After taming it easily, Wang Xian let the battle pet return to his territory and waited for the order!

In the following period of time, Wang Xian began to tame desolate beasts one by one in the Luolman Desolate Beast Park!

A month later, he had tamed a total of 40 immortal king level warpets, including five level 3 immortal king level warpets!

However, he didn't tame any level 4 immortal king level desolate beasts!

"Dragon King, if we go any further, we will be close to the central area of the Luolman Desolate Beast Park. There might be even stronger existences in that area!"

After taming the 40th desolate beast, Aunt Ying flew over and reminded Wang Xian!

"I know, I will be careful. Let's see if we can tame some level 4 immortal king level desolate beasts!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly!

In his plan, these 40 desolate beasts were not enough. He had to tame at least three level 4 immortal King Level Battle Pets!

These three immortal king level battle pets were very useful. Furthermore, when they were sold in the future, his strength would be able to increase once again!

"It's best to be careful, young miss, you have to be careful too, there's someone in the Lorman desolate beast garden that can break through the Tian Yin Veil's defense!"

Shadow aunt reminded Emperor Star Lady!