Chapter 2499: 2499 on the news of the Beautiful Green Moon

"Aunt Ying, don't worry. If I'm in danger, it's his fault!"

The Empress Star Lady said to Aunt Ying as she looked at Wang Xian who was beside her!

"Nothing will happen. My men will check it out before letting you go over!"

Wang Xian said to her in a speechless manner!

"HMPH!"

The Empress Star Lady snorted softly and followed behind Wang Xian as they continued to fly forward!

Ao Yao and the rest had already gone deeper into the area!

The location they were at a month ago was at the edge of the Lorman desolate beasts. Now that they had entered the central area, even ao Yao and the rest had to be careful!

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings warily and carefully sensed the situation around him!

Their speed had decreased by a lot!

"Dragon King, we have discovered a group of desolate beasts. There are a total of five immortal King Desolate Beasts, one immortal King Level 4, two immortal King Level 3 and two immortal King Level 2!"

Not long after, Ao Yao sent a piece of news that surprised Wang Xian!

"Five immortal king desolate beasts, a group!"

He revealed a look of surprise and looked at di Xing nu excitedly!

"We have discovered a group of immortal king desolate beasts. There are a total of five. Be careful and attract them over!"

Wang Xian said!

"Five, you want me to attract five at once?"

Di Xing 'ER's face was dark as she glared at Wang Xian!

"Ahem, there's no difference between five and one. There won't be any danger!"

Wang Xian gave her an embarrassed smile!

"You..."

Di Xing 'er looked at her with some annoyance!

"If you do well in the next one to two years, I Can Help Chu she space beast to level up to immortal king level four!"

Wang Xian said to her!

"Alright!"

Emperor star lady gritted her teeth and braced herself to fly forward!

Every time she attracted an immortal king desolate beast, she would be attacked like a rubber ball!

Now that she had attracted five at once, the result was obvious!

Not far away, Aunt Ying looked at Emperor Star Lady's back with some heartache and shook her head slightly!

"Dragon King, if... If Your Dragon Palace becomes stronger in the future, can you help Xingnu?"

Aunt Ying turned her head and looked at Wang Xian who was setting up the formation. She hesitated for a moment before speaking!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. Following that, he looked at the disappearing figure in front of him and nodded with a smile. "Sure, no problem at all!"

"Thank you very much, Dragon King!"

Auntie Ying smiled in surprise!

"It's just a small matter. I'll help if I can. If I can't help, I won't help either!"

Wang Xian shook his head and continued to set up the formations one by one!

He had a vague guess about the identity of the Celestial Emperor's daughter!

However, although the dragon palace was weak now, it wouldn't be long before there was a place for the Dragon Palace in this dazzling land!

He was confident!

After the formation was set up, Wang Xian began to wait!

However, this time, the desolate beasts were not attracted over even after two hours!

"Dragon King, she is being entangled by five immortal King Desolate Beasts!"

Wang Xian asked Ao Yao and the rest and got a reply very quickly!

"Is she being entangled?"

He frowned slightly!

"Dragon King, Miss sent me a message. She has no way to come here. She can't get rid of the five immortal King Desolate Beasts!"

An hour later, Aunt Ying came to Wang Xian's side and said to him!

"Got it!"

Wang Xian frowned. He immediately informed Ao Yao to bring di Xing nu over!

"Damn Bastard, let me attract the five immortal King Desolate Beasts!"

At this moment, at a distance of more than 200 million kilometers, di Xing Nu's face was flushed red. She was being attacked by the five immortal king desolate beasts!

Rumble

An incomparably huge tail swept over, causing her face to turn pale, her body flew backwards, she felt dizzy!

"Bastard!"

She cursed angrily, her eyes reddened, she almost cried!

Weng

Right at this time, beside her, a shadow suddenly grabbed her!

Emperor Star Lady was shocked, she couldn't help but struggle!

"Miss, don't worry, the Dragon King wanted us to take you away!"

Ao Yao's voice immediately sounded in her ears!

"Hu!"

When Emperor Star Lady heard this, she heaved a sigh of relief, she looked at Ao Yao fearfully!

Ao Yao's image was indeed terrifying!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Behind them, the five undying godly monarch desolate beasts were stunned when they saw the sudden appearance of the strange Yao. Following that, they let out a roar and immediately chased!

Ao Yao and the rest were not a match for the Undying Emperor Level 4 desolate beast. He brought along Emperor Star Lady Like a ghost as they swiftly shuttled through the forest!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

After chasing for tens of millions of kilometers, seeing that they could not catch up to the strange demon, they scanned their surroundings warily!

The leading undying Emperor Level 4 desolate beast hesitated for a moment before stopping and letting out an angry roar!

"HM?"

Emperor Star Lady hesitated when she saw that the desolate beast wasn't chasing after her!

"This fellow, I have to get him to give me something good!"

She gritted her teeth and with a move of her arm, she took out an item from her space ring!

A piece of meat, gray meat, it contained a terrifying energy!

"Weng!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When this piece of meat was taken out by her, the five undying god Emperor desolate beasts behind seemed to sense something!

Their eyes instantly revealed a burning look!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The five undying God Emperor desolate beasts roared and chased!

"HM?"

The Ao Yao with Emperor Star Lady sensed this piece of meat, a familiar look flashed in his eyes!

He did not have time to think. He flew at full speed with Emperor Star Lady!

"Oh? Those undying godly monarch desolate beasts are following us!"

At Wang Xian's position, when he sensed the roars coming from the front, he was slightly stunned. A look of joy appeared on his face!

"Aunt Ying, hide for a while!"

He immediately said and immediately hid with ao crab!

Ao Yao's figure soon appeared in front of him. At this moment, he was fleeing crazily with the empress star while the five desolate beasts were chasing after him!

"This is?"

Suddenly, Wang Xian was stunned. His gaze was fixed on the piece of meat in the Empress Star's hand!

The grayish meat contained a majestic energy. An extremely familiar aura was transmitted over!

When he saw this piece of meat, his expression changed drastically!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The desolate beasts were getting closer and closer. When they stepped into the formation, Wang Xian gritted his teeth and immediately activated the formation!

"Ao crab, suppress those desolate beasts for me!"

Wang Xian growled in a low voice. There was a hint of violence in his eyes! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Following that, under the dumbfounded situation of the Imperial Star Lady, Wang Xian rushed straight towards her!

Buzz

In her shock, Wang Xian grabbed her neck directly. A cold murderous aura was transmitted into her mind!

The space around her was immediately confined!

"Tell me, where did you get this piece of Flesh?"

Wang Xian grabbed her. Although it was blocked by the heaven concealing veil on her body, his fierce expression still gave di Xing nu a fright!