Chapter 2500: Under the news of 2,500 green moons

"What... What are you doing? You Heartless B * Stard! What are you trying to do?"

The Empress could feel the cold murderous aura from Wang Xian's body. Her already pale face turned even paler as she yelled at him incoherently in fear!

"How did you get this piece of flesh? !"

At this moment, Wang Xian's eyes were a little red as he stared at her coldly!

Wang Xian could feel Xiao Lan's aura from this piece of grayish flesh!

How could Xiao Lan's flesh be in her hands? !

What was the current situation of Qingyue Lingxiu and the rest?

"This... This is... This was given to me by someone else. What are you going to do?"

The Empress'expression changed as she stared at Wang Xian and asked coldly!

"Who gave it to you?"

Wang Xian stared at her coldly and questioned her!

"Yes, Sister Lan Qingyue and sister Sun Lingxiu gave it to me. This is the flesh of their space beast pets. What has it got to do with you?"

The Empress'expression turned gloomy as she spoke to him!

"Qingyue, Lingxiu!"

When Wang Xian heard what she said, he could tell from her eyes that she was not lying. The murderous aura around her vanished instantly!

"How... How did you know Qing Yue and Lingxiu? Where Are They Now?"

Wang Xian looked at her and grabbed her arm. His voice softened a little!

"Let go of Me First!"

Di Xingnu stared at Wang Xian angrily!

"Phew, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I lost my composure. Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu are very important people to me!"

Wang Xian took a deep breath and apologized to celestial lady!

"HMPH!"

Celestial lady snorted in dissatisfaction, "About a year ago, when Aunt Ying and I were preparing to capture the towering snake space beast, we met them in a patch of space. At that time, Sister Lan Qingyue and Sun Lingxiu were being hunted down. Aunt Ying saved them!"

"At that time, they had an immortal King Level 3 space beast. At that time, she said that there was nothing to repay us, so she gave us this piece of flesh. They said that this piece of flesh could attract the space beast, just like what they said!"

"Then... you... Do you know where they are now? Do you know where they went?"

Wang Xian asked nervously!

"I don't know, but they should be safe now. Auntie Ying said that their void beasts are very powerful, much more powerful than the towering snake!"

The Imperial Star Lady replied!

"Then do you know who is chasing after them?"

Wang Xian's expression changed. He took a deep breath and continued to ask her!

"Why should I tell you? Based on your attitude just now, HMPH!"

Di Xingnu looked at him with displeasure!

"I can give you the towering Snake Space Beast immediately. If you need any help in the future, I will not decline. Even if I have to offend a powerful force, my Dragon Palace is willing to help!"

Wang Xian stared at him and promised with a serious face!

"You..."

Di Xingnu was slightly stunned. She looked at Wang Xian in astonishment!

This fellow actually said such words!

"You... who are they to you?"

Di Xingnu looked at him with some doubt!

Wang Xian did not reply. He reached out to take the flesh in her hand and sensed it!

"It's Our Dragon Queen. You saved our Dragon Queen. Our Dragon Palace will repay you!"

Ao Yaoyao looked at their Dragon King and said softly!

"Dragon Queen? Dragon King? Both of them? HMPH, a Playboy!"

Di Xingnu was stunned for a moment before she curled her lips!

"It's good that you're Alright!"

Wang Xian sensed Xiao Lan's flesh. He could vaguely sense that Xiao Lan was still alive!

As long as Xiao Lan was still alive, Qing Yue and Lingxiu would be fine!

"Thank you for saving Qing Yue and the rest back then!"

Wang Xian thanked di Xing nu!

"HMPH, just don't think about killing me!"

Di Xing nu didn't give him any face at all!

"I'll help you tame the towering snake space beast. Within a year, I'll help you raise it to level five immortal King!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the towering Snake Space Beast appeared beside him!

"Are you serious?"

Emperor Star Lady's eyes sparkled as she stared at him and said!

"You guys saved Qingyue Lingxiu and the rest. Our Dragon Palace owes you a favor. Don't worry, we won't lie to You!"

Wang Xian said directly!

"That's more like it!"

Emperor Star Lady's expression turned good! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"I'll go tame the five immortal King Desolate Beasts First!"

Wang Xian looked to the side and saw that the five immortal king desolate beasts had been suppressed by Ao crab. He immediately flew over!

"Immortal King Level 5!"

Empress Star Lady looked at Ao he who was suppressing the five immortal king desolate beasts, her eyes gleaming!

Her Aunt Ying was only at Immortal King Level 6, and this Dragon King's Underling had already reached Immortal King Level 5!

This was not the most important thing. The most important thing was that this Dragon Palace gave her a strange and unfathomable feeling!

Raising the towering Snake Space Beast to immortal King Level 5 in a year, when that time came, who in the entire Emperor Star Field would dare to compete with her?

He was almost 100% sure that he could enter the Imperial Court's Divine Kingdom!

Taming the level four immortal king level desolate beast took some time. After an hour, the five immortal king level desolate beasts were completely tamed. After removing the formation, he ordered them to leave immediately!

"Come, I'll help you tame the towering Snake Space Beast!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xing nu who was beside him!

"Alright!"

Di Xing nu naturally wouldn't reject him. She immediately nodded her head!

She had spent too much time and money for this towering Snake Space Beast!

"HMM? Miss!"

Aunt Ying flew over at this moment. She looked at Wang Xian in surprise and her gaze landed on di Xing nu!

"Aunt Ying, do you still remember the two girls that we saved a year ago? Sister Lan Qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, and the rest. They are this bastard's women, the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace!"

"He said that the Dragon Palace will repay our kindness, he has helped me tame this snake, and he will also help me raise to undying level 5 within a year!"

"Other than that, this bastard also said that if I need any help in the future, he will definitely not decline, even if it's against a powerful organization!"

Emperor Star Lady seemed to have released all the grievances she had suffered over the past few months, her face full of happiness as she said to Aunt Ying!

"This?"

Aunt Ying was completely stunned. How did such a change happen all of a sudden?

"The two women from the space behemoth a year ago were the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace? The Dragon King's Women?"

Aunt Ying was a little stunned. She didn't expect such a coincidence!

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth twitched when he heard the empress address him so brazenly!

I Won't argue with this little woman!

He thought to himself!

"Oh right, do you guys know the strength of the people who chased after Qing Yue and the rest back then?"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at di Xing 'er, Aunt Ying, and the rest!

"It seems to be a second-rate top force. It seems to be called Tian Ya, a force close to the Central Region!"

Aunt Ying Thought for a moment and replied!

"Tian Ya?"

Wang Xian mumbled as a cold glint flashed in his eyes!