Chapter 2501: 2501 desolate beast nest, undying God country

"Hiss Hiss Hiss!"

"Success, success!"

Within the Lorman desolate beast garden, the towering snake was swallowing and spitting its head. Beside it, Emperor Star Lady was looking excitedly at the space beast in front of her!

The towering snake used its head to gently lean against her, its intimate expression made her extremely excited!

Space Beast, an undying level 3 space beast, with its potential, it could grow to the pinnacle undying level!

Once this towering snake space beast reached the peak, her status would be greatly enhanced!

With the characteristics of the towering snake space beast, no one below the void God Emperor was her match!

She would not be bullied by anyone in the imperial court. Her mother would also rise!

"Congratulations, young Miss!"

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

Auntie Ying also walked over with a smile on her face. She thanked Wang Xian and looked at her!

"At least you have some conscience!"

Di Xingnu was also very happy and excited. She looked at Wang Xian and raised her head slightly!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled!

"You said that I'm your benefactor. I'm going back now. I Won't serve you anymore!"

Imperial star lady raised her head proudly like a farmer who had turned over a new leaf as she spoke to Wang Xian!

When Wang Xian heard her words and saw her smug look, his face turned a little black!

"Well, star Lady Beauty, if I want to help you raise the Chu Chu snake to immortal king level 4 or even level 5, I need to capture and tame the desolate beasts and sell them to obtain a large amount of resources!"

"If you are not willing to help me tame the desolate beasts now, I don't have the confidence to raise it to level 4 or even level 5 within a year or two!"

Wang Xian said to the Empress Star Lady with a black face!

"HMM? Didn't you say that you want to help the vertical snake to immortal King Level 5?"

The Empress Star Lady was slightly stunned when she heard his words and said in dissatisfaction!

"That is under the condition of being able to tame the desolate beasts. You have also seen how fast I can tame the desolate beasts. Now that I can't obtain too many desolate beasts, I don't have the confidence!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"You Rascal, are you going to put it bluntly, or do you want me to be your bait?"

Di Xing Nu's expression started to change as she said with uncertainty!

"It's a collaboration. In the future, if you manage to tame a lot of battle pets, I can give you an immortal king level four battle pet. A level five battle pet wouldn't be a problem!"

"Think about it. Taking out a space beast battle pet and an immortal king level four or five battle pet, how cool is that!"

Wang Xian said with a smile on his face!

"You are really not a good person!"

A few seconds later, the imperial star lady gritted her teeth and glared at Wang Xian as she said that!

However, what this fellow said was too tempting!

She was only one of her father's thousands of children. If she did not have some influence now, she might not be able to see her father even once in more than ten years!

Furthermore, her mother was not favored by her father. If she had a place in the imperial court with her own strength, her father would have a huge change to her and her mother in the future!

"You can use this piece of flesh to attract the desolate beasts. This way, it might be faster!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly!

"HMPH!"

She snorted softly with a face full of displeasure!

"Ao Yao, continue to search for the desolate beasts in the surroundings!"

Wang Xian ordered Ao Yao and the rest!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao and the rest nodded and disappeared in the next moment!

On the side, Auntie Ying was trying her best to sense the silhouettes of Ao Yao and the rest. A hint of shock flashed across her eyes!

The central area of the Loerman Desolate Beast Park was obviously different from the outer area!

Those who could occupy the central area were either powerful desolate beasts above level 3 immortal king level, or a few immortal king desolate beast races!

In less than an hour, ao Yao received news that the four immortal king desolate beast races were all level 2 immortal King!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xing nu!

"Got it!"

Di Xing Nu's body moved and immediately flew towards the desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar Roar!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

This time, because di Xing nu took out Xiao Lan's special piece of flesh from time to time, the four undying godly monarch desolate beasts chased after them crazily!

Two hours later, the four undying godly monarch desolate beasts entered the formation and were easily tamed!

"Continue!"

After taming the four desolate beasts again, Wang Xian put them back while Ao Yao and the rest continued their search!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Roar! Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, more than ten minutes later, the center of the entire Lorman Desolate Beast Park seemed to be boiling. Terrifying roars could be heard one after another!

The sounds shook the heaven and earth. The entire sky seemed to have undergone a terrifying change!

"Eh?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked. He immediately flew towards the sky!

"This is?"

Auntie Ying who was beside him also flew into the sky and stared ahead in astonishment!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

Hovering in the sky, Wang Xian looked towards the sky and sensed waves of terrifying energy!

In the distance, a huge crack appeared in the void. The crack looked extremely terrifying!

Waves of wild and pure energy came from within the crack. Within the crack, it seemed to contain a space!

"This is the immortal King Divine Kingdom, it should be the immortal king divine kingdom of the desolate beasts!"

Aunt Ying stared at that area and said in astonishment!

"The energy inside feels very strong, at least level 6 immortal King!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and said in astonishment!

"Not only that, it's the lair of level 7 immortal King Desolate Beasts!"

Beside her, Aunt Ying's eyes were sparkling as she said!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Just as she finished her sentence, a terrifying collision suddenly erupted in front of them!

"There's someone!"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked. Someone was fighting with the desolate beast there!

"It should be the lair of an immortal King Level 7 desolate beast. That desolate beast might have already fallen. Its divine kingdom has attracted the attention of other desolate beasts and humans!"

Aunt Ying guessed from the side!

"The Lair of an immortal king level seven desolate beast. There must be many treasures there. Aunt Ying, shall we go and take a look?"

Emperor Star Lady immediately said!

"The treasures in the desolate beast divine kingdom are usually much less than humans. Furthermore, there are already people there. I Can't make a move!"

Aunt Ying shook her head!

"I'll go and take a look!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and said to the Emperor Star Lady and the rest!

"I'll go too!"

The Emperor Star Lady also said to Wang Xian with great interest and followed closely behind!

"Miss, don't expose your identity!"

Aunt Ying shook her head helplessly and hid at the back!

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian, Emperor Star Lady and the rest got closer. There were sounds of collisions coming from the front!

The laws tore through the void and the immortal king desolate beasts let out furious roars!

When they flew over, there were still many desolate beasts fleeing in panic from the depths!

"Eh? There are so many immortal king desolate beasts and there are so many humans over there. No, that doesn't seem to be humans!"

Wang Xian and the rest got closer. When they saw the situation in front of them, they narrowed their eyes slightly!