Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2502: 2502 desolate beast lair under the Undying God country

"That's the Heaven Fey race, they should be the same as your subordinates!"

In the sky above the Lorman desolate beast garden, Emperor Star Lady looked at the group of people fighting against the desolate beasts and said!

The so-called heaven Fey race was the Fey Beast Race. They had their own intelligence and could transform into humans!

Many Heaven Fey and humans lived together, and many Fey beasts and humans coexisted peacefully!

In front of them, there were many heaven fey experts fighting with the desolate beasts!

Heaven Fey were bloodline cultivators, they had their own upper limits, and according to the bloodline experts, they would determine the strength of the Heaven Fey!

"There's an undying god King Level 6 Heaven Fey fighting with an undying god King Level 6 desolate beast!"

At that moment, Emperor Star Lady pointed to a spot and said in shock!

A Level 6 immortal king warrior could be considered a powerful warrior in any region!

"It should be to fight for the immortal God Country!"

Wang Xian muttered. His body moved and he came to the side!

There were about 30 Heaven Fey. From Level 1 to Level 6 immortal King Warriors, there was only one level 6 warrior who was fighting with a desolate beast of the same level!

The rest of the heaven fey controlled the desolate beasts, approaching the undying god King Level 7 desolate beast God country!

However, this group of desolate beasts were not much weaker than them, constantly attacking the group!

At the back, there were over a thousand god Lord Disciples below Undying God King!

They stared ahead with ugly expressions!

"Think of a way to enter. We can not wait any longer, or more and more powerful desolate beasts will be attracted!"

In the sky, an undying god King Level 5 warrior looked around with an ugly expression as he roared at everyone!

"The desolate beasts are not weak either. It will be hard for us to enter. That damned desolate beast actually summoned so many underlings!"

Someone beside him replied with an ugly expression!

"We have to enter. It wasn't easy for us to find this opportunity. These damn desolate beasts!"

The group of Heaven Fey were filled with anger!

It was not easy for them to find such an opportunity, but they were discovered by the desolate beasts here!

If they continued fighting, they might attract more desolate beasts. When that time came, it would be difficult for them to get rid of this immortal king level seven desolate beast divine kingdom!

"Immortal King Level Seven Desolate Beast Divine Kingdom!"

Wang Xian looked over and his eyes were burning!

If he could obtain this immortal god country, ao Crab's strength could reach the level of an immortal king level six!

Even if the treasures in the desolate beast lair were not as many as humans, an immortal king level seven desolate beast would definitely be at the level of a king in the Luolman Desolate Beast Park. There should be many treasures in its lair!

"They are fighting, can we reap the benefits?"

Empress Star looked at the heaven demon desolate beast that was entangled with each other and said to Wang Xian with sparkling eyes!

"This chance is very small. Unless you get Aunt Ying to make a move!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and said to Empress Star!

"No, we can't expose our identities!"

Empress Star shook her head!

Wang Xian stared ahead with a contemplative look on his face!

"Ao crab, let's go. Beauty, you stay here first!"

Wang Xian moved his body and immediately flew towards the direction of the battlefield!

Emperor Star Lady pouted and watched as they flew over!

"Do you need help?"

Wang Xian flew over and asked directly!

"Huh?"

Seeing Wang Xian and the rest flying over, the group of Heaven Demons revealed a look of astonishment. A middle-aged man with two horns on his head and a long tail looked at Wang Xian and the rest!

"All of you don't have the strength!"

The middle-aged man said coldly!

"Roar!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, Ao crab's body moved and immediately transformed into a devouring dragon!

"Roar! Roar!"

Following that, five devouring dragons that were also emitting a terrifying aura immediately emerged from his body!

The aura that belonged to a level five immortal king was completely unleashed! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Oh? They are also Sky Demons?"

The group of Sky Demons were shocked as they looked at the devouring dragons in shock!

Six level 5 immortal king experts, this power was not weak in their eyes!

Among them, there were only four level 5 immortal king experts!

"If you are willing to help us, we can give you 30% of the treasures in the immortal God Country!"

In the sky, the old man who was entangled with the level 6 immortal king desolate beast saw Wang Xian and the rest. His eyes were shining as he shouted loudly!

"30% ? Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded immediately and nodded to ao crab, "Let's do it!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Ao crab and the rest moved and immediately flew towards the battlefield!

"My Friend, get your companions to tie down a few level five immortal king level desolate beasts. Let's go in!"

When the middle-aged heaven demon saw this scene, a hint of excitement appeared in his eyes. He immediately shouted at Wang Xian!

"Sure, let's go in!"

Wang Xian nodded his head with a smile on his face!

Wang Xian was already very satisfied with the 30% of the treasures given to him. This immortal kingdom was obviously discovered by them and they had torn apart the Void to find it!

In addition, their group of Sky Demons had defended against more than half of the desolate beasts. To be able to get 30% was already quite a lot!

"Haha, Let's Go. Help us defend against the surrounding desolate beasts!"

The middle-aged sky demon laughed out loud and flew directly towards the immortal divine kingdom in the Void Crack!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The surrounding desolate beasts saw them flying in and let out extremely violent roars!

One by one, the desolate beasts tried to charge in but were stopped by Ao Yao and the surrounding Sky Demons!

In the sky, the level 6 immortal King revealed a smile in his eyes!

Buzz

The moment he stepped into the void crack, Wang Xian could sense the savage aura coming from inside!

"Brother, I am the National Advisor of the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation. Thank you for your help!"

The moment he stepped into the void crack, the middle-aged man introduced him to Wang Xian with a smile!

His attitude was completely different from before!

In his opinion, the identity of this young man in front of him who was able to order six underlings of the Immortal King was definitely not simple!

In addition, they might also be from the Heaven Demon clan. They still felt closer to their own kind!

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, we happened to hear the commotion here in the Luoerman Desolate Beast Park!"

"We are only doing this for mutual benefit!"

Wang Xian waved his hand indifferently!

Wang Xian was still a little wary of this group of heaven demons. After all, he didn't know if there would be a conflict due to the treasures!

However, he wasn't worried. At most, he could let Auntie Ying make a move from afar to intimidate them!

"Then let's enter this lair. This is the Divine Kingdom of a level seven immortal king level desolate beast. It wasn't easy for us to find it. There should be a lot of treasures inside!"

The Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor said to Wang Xian!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. The two of them looked inside and immediately flew into the depths!

This was the first time Wang Xian had entered such an unowned immortal divine kingdom!