Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2503: 2503 divine parasol tree

"The lair of the desolate beasts can't be compared to ours!"

After entering the lair of the level 7 immortal King Desolate Beast, Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor looked around and said softly!

The Immortal Kingdom of humans would turn it into an extremely luxurious paradise. However, the lair of the desolate beasts could not be compared to it!

"There are many divine trees around. They have fully developed their intelligence!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings with his yin-yang five elemental dragon eyes. The interior of the lair was not dark. Instead, it was emitting a green glow!

There were quite a number of divine trees inside. Just as they entered the entrance, there were four immortal king level three or four divine trees!

Their bodies were emitting a sharp glow as though they could attack them at any time!

"Wood-attributed desolate beasts like to place some divine trees in their lairs. These divine trees have given birth to wisdom. Their offensive strength is not high and they are the nourishment of desolate beasts. However, this is a rare treasure for us!"

The middle-aged imperial preceptor saw a few divine trees and his eyes revealed an excited look!

"Let's enter!"

His body moved and he immediately flew into the nest!

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Just as he flew over, the four divine trees immediately launched an attack and were easily blocked by Wang Xian!

The two of them easily blocked the attack and flew into the nest!

Entering the nest was an incomparably huge nest. The entire nest was more than 10,000 kilometers in circumference!

The entire nest was densely packed with godly herbs and godly trees. It was simply a large area!

"Hiss, there are... so many godly herbs and godly trees!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and his face revealed a burning expression!

There were at least 400 to 500 immortal king level godly trees and a few hundred godly herbs!

The rest were all at the level of the Eternal God Lord!

Furthermore, some of the godly trees bore fruits and emitted rich vitality and energy!

The value of these divine trees and herbs was extremely terrifying!

"Even if it's only thirty percent, it's still a huge fortune!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"That's... Immortal Elixir, wood attribute essence. It's an extremely precious wood attribute essence, immortal elixir!"

At this moment, the Imperial preceptor of heaven demon was breathing rapidly. He immediately flew forward!

Wang Xian looked over and a glint flashed across his eyes as he followed closely behind!

There was a pool, a pool that was two kilometers in size. However, in the middle of the pool, there was a pool of wood essence!

Just by taking a breath, Wang Xian felt refreshed!

"What a terrifying wood essence!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with shock. "It seems like the accumulation of this level seven immortal king desolate beast is very terrifying!"

"It is indeed unexpected. However, the owner of the immortal God country is the king of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. It is only natural that he has so many treasures!"

The Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor said passionately!

"Was he once the King?"

Wang Xian mumbled as he scanned his surroundings!

"Yes, according to the records of our chaotic tiger demon country, this king God desolate beast evolved from a wooden beam bird. Its intelligence seems to have broken away from the desolate beast. It can also be called a heaven Fey!"

The Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor said!

"Wooden beam bird? Isn't it a very ordinary and weak bird? How could it break through to the Immortal King Realm?"

Wang Xian was a little surprised!

"It could be that it obtained some heaven-defying opportunity!"

As the imperial preceptor of heaven demon said that, he looked around and said, "Let's see if there are any treasures!"

Wang Xian nodded and immediately flew towards the location opposite the essence of wood!

That should be the location where the immortal king desolate beast was resting!

It was a bird's nest made of divine trees. Wang Xian entered and took a look!

Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor also flew over and checked the surroundings. He didn't find any treasures!

Even so, there were enough treasures in there!

It was enough to make Wang Xian's heart beat faster!

These treasures were more than what the East Li Immortal Dynasty had accumulated over thousands of years!

"Eh!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's gaze landed on a wooden stick in the middle of the bird's Nest!

The wooden stick was two meters long and was slightly yellow. It seemed to have lost its vitality!

However, when he saw the notification on the system, he revealed an extremely surprised expression!

"This is the divine parasol tree. It's the Divine Parasol Tree!"

There was a flash of passion in his eyes. With a move of his body, he immediately grabbed the divine tree in his hand!

With the divine tree in his hand, Wang Xian could feel a wave of energy coming from the ancestral tree!

He could feel that the soul-returning tree, endless tree, Fuchang tree, and Nirvana Lightning tree were moving!

"It's a tree of the same level as them!"

Wang Xian's heart skipped a beat!

"Oh?"

"Dragon King, what is this?"

At this moment, the imperial preceptor of heaven demon noticed Wang Xian's actions and flew over immediately. He asked him!

"It's a powerful divine tree. It's a pity that it has lost its vitality!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian did not try to hide anything and passed it to him!

The Imperial preceptor of heaven demon took it and sized it up. "Indeed, the grade of this divine tree is definitely not low. It's probably higher than all the divine trees here!"

"What a pity. It's just a branch. It's useless!"

He shook his head as he spoke!

"I'll take this branch. Does Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor have any objections?"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand to take the branch and said with a smile!

"No problem. Its value is very low to begin with!"

Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor didn't have any objections. He could still investigate whether this tree was a treasure or not!

"Alright, Let's move this immortal kingdom away first. Is that Alright?"

Wang Xian looked at Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor!

"Alright, I'll tear apart the space in front of us. Dragon King, you move!"

Heaven Demon Imperial Preceptor said!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded. He immediately kept one of the withered branches of the divine parasol tree into his body. The two of them immediately flew out of the nest!

CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP

Just as Wang Xian was flying out, a phoenix cry resounded in his mind!

At the same time, the ancestral tree in the Dragon Palace of the Tianze continent trembled. On top of it, a branch appeared!

"Hualala!"

The ancestral tree trembled slightly. Streams of extremely dense energy entered the divine parasol tree, causing it to gradually emit a green luster!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

The sound of a Phoenix rang out in the Dragon Palace, and Feng Luan and Guan Shuqing, who were in the Dragon Palace, trembled slightly!

The entire fire Phoenix Dragon Seed also felt a change that came from the soul!

"This is?"

Guan Shuqing and Feng Luan looked at each other and immediately flew into the Dragon King Palace!

"That is? That... that seems to be the divine tree of inheritance of the Phoenix clan, the parasol tree!"

Feng Luan looked at the branch and felt the energy fluctuations on it. Her body trembled slightly!

"Sister Feng Luan, look, that parasol tree divine tree actually grows next to the Nirvana Lightning Tree!"

Guan Shuqing pointed at the ancestral tree. The Parasol Tree Divine Tree and the nirvana lightning tree actually slowly interweaved!

"The parasol tree divine tree can help the Phoenix clan to undergo nirvana, while the Nirvana Lightning Tree is formed from another form of Nirvana due to lightning attacks. Sister Shuqing, I can sense that we can undergo nirvana through the parasol tree and the Nirvana Lightning Tree!"

"It can proceed and evolve to a very powerful level!"

Feng Luan's eyes were burning!