Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2504: Distribution of 2504 treasures

Wang Xian did not know about the changes in the Dragon Palace. At this moment, he was located below the level 7 immortal King Desolate Beast Lair. A majestic energy was enveloping him!

"Ka Ka Ka Ka!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Advance!"

Deep within Heaven Fey Imperial Preceptor's arm, it immediately transformed into a sharp claw that was hundreds of meters in size!

He waved his arm forward heavily, directly opening a passageway in front of him!

To open and pass through the void crack and pass through it was something that even a top-notch godly monarch expert could do!

With the strength of Wang Xian and the Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor, it would still be difficult for them to pass through the void crack. It would consume a huge amount of energy!

The space crack in front of them was torn open. Wang Xian carried the entire immortal divine kingdom forward at a rapid speed!

In the normal world, a group of desolate beasts sensed the movement of the immortal divine kingdom. They let out furious roars as they frantically tried to attack the direction of the Immortal Divine Kingdom!

However, the tiger chaos demon country's strength this time was very strong. With ao crab and the rest attacking, the desolate beasts were completely suppressed!

Even if they were to go berserk, they could not break through their defenses!

In the sky, the Tiger Chaos Demon Country's undying god King Level 6 expert had completely turned into a huge beast, completely suppressing the desolate beast!

The powerful suppression made the desolate beast unable to resist!

However, it was impossible to kill it!

"Haha, good, Good, good!"

The Tiger Chaos Demon Country's level 6 undying god King looked extremely excited when he saw the god country move!

This time, they had succeeded. Although they had paid 30% of the profits, it was totally worth it!

If not for this group of people, they might not have gotten anything!

"Miss, 6 undying level 5 warriors!"

At this time, not too far away, Aunt Ying's silhouette came to Emperor Star Lady's side and said softly!

"That guy is a little abnormal, they are improving too quickly!"

Emperor Star Lady looked at Ao he and the others!

She knew ao he, how could he be so strong before?

How long had it been, and he was already an undying level 5?

"He's very abnormal, I wonder what kind of opportunities the dragon palace has, Miss, do you still remember the two girls from a year ago?"

Aunt Ying exclaimed softly!

"You mean Qing Yue and Shu Qing? They are much younger than me, I can be sure!"

Emperor Star Lady Muttered and nodded!

"Yes, they are very young, their space beast is even more terrifying than the towering snake, and their own strength, they are also undying emperors!"

"They are the Dragon Empress of the Dragon Palace, I wonder if they are one of the 10,000 races in the center of the Universe!"

Aunt Ying shook her head and said!

"Are there really 10,000 races in the center of the Universe?"

Emperor Star Lady asked doubtfully!

"According to records, there is a center of the universe, this is not something we can come into contact with!"

Aunt Ying said, looking ahead, "Let's go, we'll follow that undying God country, to prevent this group of sky monsters from having any thoughts!"

As she spoke, she brought di Xing nu along with her to follow the divine kingdom that was located in the void crack!

"We are already at the outer perimeter!"

After traveling through the void crack for an hour, the imperial preceptor stopped panting and said to Wang Xian!

"It should be safe here. Imperial preceptor, get your people out of the desolate beasts and return here. Let's start distributing the treasures!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to the Imperial preceptor!

"Alright!"

Imperial preceptor Tian Yao smiled as well. He immediately broke through the void and sent a message!

More than an hour later, figures flew over!

"Hahaha, little crocodile, how are the treasures in the immortal godly nation?"

In the middle, a wild-looking old man said excitedly to Imperial preceptor Tian Yao!

"Grandpa, there are a lot of treasures in there. It's comparable to the accumulation of our entire Godly Nation!"

"Grandpa, the most important thing is this nest, this divine kingdom, and the large amount of wood essence inside!"

"With them, Grandpa, you will be able to..."

The Celestial Demon Imperial preceptor spoke with an excited expression, but he did not say the last few words!

"Alright, Alright!"

When the old man heard his words, his body trembled and he flew over with an excited expression!

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, ao crab and the rest also flew over and shouted respectfully!

The imperial preceptor of Heaven Fey looked at Wang Xian and whispered a few words to the old man!

"Dragon King, right? It's fortunate that you guys helped us this time. We will definitely not lose you guys for 30% of the treasures!"

"However, please agree, Dragon King. We want to complete this immortal divine kingdom!"

The old man cupped his hands at Wang Xian and said!

"Alright, we will enter the immortal empire. You can choose the treasures first!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile!

"This... We will not take advantage of you. Dragon King, whatever you want, you can say it!"

The old man was slightly taken aback and said with a smile!

"Let's go in and talk!"

Wang Xian smiled and entered the Immortal Empire directly!

The members of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation were not as ungrateful as the Iron Blood Alliance. They did not play any tricks in the distribution!

"Thank you, Dragon King. Speaking of which, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation has gained a huge advantage!"

The essence of wood and the entire immortal empire belonged to them. The remaining 300 immortal trees and more than 100 immortal herbs belonged to Wang Xian!

The elder from the chaotic tiger demon kingdom was very satisfied with the distribution. He spoke politely to Wang Xian!

"Hehe, from our point of view, we have also gained a huge advantage!"

Wang Xian smiled as well. He was also in a good mood after trading with such a straightforward person!

Such a terrifying resource could increase the number of immortal kings in the Dragon Palace by more than 100!

However, Wang Xian did not plan to sell or devour these trees. These immortal trees were planted in the Dragon Palace and were a sustainable resource!

Each time, the results would add a lot of experts to the Dragon Palace!

It was a slow and steady flow!

"Dragon King, let's leave a contact number. Welcome to our chaotic Tiger Demon Nation as a guest. We will definitely treat you warmly!"

The old man was very friendly with Wang Xian. Both of them left a contact number!

Following that, the Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon Nation also left a contact number with Wang Xian and invited him to the chaotic divine empire!

Wang Xian declined with a smile. He waved his hand and left!

This time, he had made a huge profit!

"That Dragon King seems to be very young. His subordinates are very strong and have a noble bloodline. He should be a powerful tribe of Heaven Demon!"

The old man said as he watched Wang Xian leave!

"Yes, Grandpa, I have also sensed something. They are of the same kind as us. That Dragon King seems to be open and aboveboard. We can befriend him in the future!"

Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor nodded!

"Go back, this time I have a huge chance of taking that step!"

The old man's eyes flashed as he looked at the Undying God country beside him, his heart filled with excitement!

"As long as grandfather can break through, in our region, there aren't many who can match up to us!"

Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor revealed a look of longing!