Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2505: 2505 guardian of the imperial court

"How's The Harvest?"

In the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, the empress asked Wang Xian curiously when she saw him return with a smile on his face!

"The harvest is not bad!"

Wang Xian smiled!

The harvest this time was indeed not cheap. Not to mention the divine tree of gods grass, just the divine parasol tree branch was already a huge profit for him!

The Divine Parasol Tree was a tree that Phoenixes lived on. The reason why the Phoenix race was able to stand at the top of the universe was largely due to the divine parasol tree!

Now that he had obtained the divine parasol tree, he could vaguely sense the changes in the ancestral tree in the Dragon Palace!

The Divine Parasol Tree, the Fire Phoenix bloodline, and the Nirvana Thunder Tree. Perhaps the Dragon Palace would be able to give birth to a powerful dragon seed!

"Continue with your work!"

Wang Xian looked at Imperial Star Lady and said to her!

She curled her lips slightly and did not continue speaking!

Buzz

The group of them moved and flew towards the opposite direction!

They were now at the edge of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park opposite the Iron Blood Alliance. It was a long distance away from the Iron Blood Alliance!

It would take at least half a day to fly there!

However, Wang Xian did not plan to stay here!

After flying for more than ten hours, they arrived at the central area of the Luolman Beast Park near the Iron Blood Alliance!

"Ao Yao, continue to search!"

After arriving, Wang Xian immediately ordered them!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao and the rest continued to search for desolate beasts in the surroundings!

According to Wang Xian's plan, they should capture at least three to four immortal king level four desolate beasts this time!

Now that he had already captured one, he was still short of two to three!

Next, Wang Xian and the rest buried themselves in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

When he found the desolate beasts, he immediately tamed them. When he could not find them, he began to study the array formation!

Time passed day by day!

"It's this planet. The young man with the potential to become an emperor is here!"

However, at this moment, above the star source planet, a vast ship had descended!

This was an ancient sailing ship. It looked like it was made of wood, and the green light on it flickered from time to time!

This ancient sailing ship seemed to be sailing from the center of the universe, quietly floating in the sky above the star source planet!

On the sailing ship, two old men stood quietly in front of the old man!

The old man was dressed in plain clothes, looking like an ordinary old man. They looked down and murmured!

"Found it!"

An old man held an ancient compass in his hand, looked at the display on it, and said with a smile!

"Let's Go!"

With a thought, the sailboat that was dozens of meters in size instantly appeared in the sky above the star Origin Planet Overlord sect!

"Hua La!"

In the next instant, the sky above Overlord sect was torn apart!

"F * ck, what's Going On? Who Wants to sneak attack me, Invincible Battle Technique!"

Invincible battle technique's voice sounded. When he sensed the situation around him, he was slightly stunned!

In the crack in the sky, invincible battle technique looked at the two old men standing on the sailboat in astonishment!

"Who are you?"

He stared at the two of them warily!

"Bloodline, what a strong bloodline, hahaha, good, good, good!"

One of the old men looked at the compass before staring at invincible with a burning gaze!

"You... What are you trying to do? I'm Warning You, my invincible combat technique will become an existence like the void God Emperor in the future, you..."

Invincible battle technique trembled when he saw the look in his eyes. He shrank his body in fear!

The two old men in front of him gave him an unfathomable feeling. This was the first time he sensed such a terrifying person!

Furthermore, the other party was able to pull him into the void crack so easily. One could imagine his strength!

"Weng!"

An old man looked at him and smiled. He waved his arm and a token emitted a dazzling light!

On the token, there was a big word 'guard', and behind the Word 'guard'was an ancient-looking courtyard!

"What is it?"

Invincible in battle stared at the token and said in confusion!

"The Guardian of the imperial court!"

An old man said with a smile! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"The Guardian of the imperial court stands on the imperial court and has guarded the imperial court for hundreds of millions of years. He doesn't hold authority, but he is above it!"

Another elder added with a smile!

"What do you mean? Sir... sir, please explain clearly. The imperial court? Is it the supreme imperial court of the Imperial Star Field?"

Invincible's eyes lit up as he immediately asked!

"The protector of the imperial court is independent of the imperial court. His duty is to protect the imperial court. Although he doesn't hold any authority, he can have resources that you can't even imagine!"

"No one under the emperor of the imperial court can worship them. Within the imperial court, even if you have committed a heinous crime that can not be judged by the Guardians of the Imperial Court, no one else is qualified to be judged!"

"As for US Guardians of the Imperial Court, we are the peak experts of this resplendent world. Brat, your talent is very good. You have been chosen by us!"

The two elders said to invincible in battle with black faces!

"Damn, so awesome, Hahaha, I want to join, I want to join. Two Masters, I have the talent of an emperor, can I be a very high official?"

Invincible heard their words, his body trembled as he said excitedly!

"You're Only at Undying Emperor Level 1, you're the weakest amongst us. If it wasn't for your talent, why would I want you, Kid, do you know what we, the Guardians of the Imperial Court, represent?"

"Alright, we'll take you away immediately!"

The two old men looked at the random invincible fighter and said unhappily!

"Wait, wait, I still have to tell my parents and my teacher!"

Invincible fighter said quickly!

"Stop talking nonsense, we will secretly bring your family to the central region. Don't worry, in the Emperor Star Field, nothing will happen to them!"

An elder waved his arm and directly grabbed invincible battle technique and threw him into a room inside the sailboat!

"Damn, we are from the same department after all. You are bullying newbies!"

Invincible battle technique screamed, and the door of the sailboat was closed!

"It's so good to be young!"

The two elders looked at each other and revealed a smile!

With a wave of their arms, the sailboat disappeared into the starry sky!

In the next few days, a huge incident happened between Tian Ze continent and star source planet!

Tian Ze continent, the core members of the battle techniques family all disappeared!

Overlord and some others also disappeared!

The threat of Star Source Planet, the undying god King Desolate Beasts on star Beast Planet all disappeared overnight!

From then on, this space no longer had the invincible emperor level battle techniques!

However, in an even brighter and more prosperous starry sky, the arrogant life of being invincible in battle techniques had just begun!

"Boss, I'm leaving first. I'm going to the central region of the Imperial Star Field. The two old fellows won't let me tell you the details of what I'm going to do. However, don't worry, boss. In the future, my invincible battle techniques will be very awesome!"

"When you reach the Central Region, you must let me know. Boss, don't forget about this little brother of mine!"

Wang Xian, who was located in the Lorman Beast Park, suddenly received a message from invincible battle technique. He was astonished!