Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2506: 2506 Beast Tide 1

"This guy was taken away? Someone must have noticed his talent!"

He wasn't too surprised that invincible was taken away by a powerful organization!

An undying that wasn't even 1,000 years old, in the resplendent region, he was indeed a heaven defying existence, hence it was normal for some organizations to pay attention to him!

The news that he was invincible in battle techniques did not affect him much.

Wang Xian continued to tame the desolate beasts while learning the array formation!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A month later, roars sounded one after another. Wang Xian stared excitedly at the two desolate beasts that were chasing the imperial star Lady!

Blood-winged horses, two level 4 immortal king blood-winged horses. Each of them was about 100 meters in size and had a pair of blood-red wings!

Their heads were slightly ferocious and they looked extremely ferocious!

"After I tame these two blood-winged horses, I can move!"

Wang Xian muttered to himself as a smile appeared on his face!

"Formation, Rise!"

Seeing the two level 4 immortal king level desolate beasts entering the formation, Wang Xian immediately opened the formation!

"Suppress!"

He ordered Ao he who was beside him!

Ao he flew over instantly and used his powerful claws to suppress the two desolate beasts!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The two immortal king desolate beasts let out roars of shock and anger!

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face and immediately flew over to tame them!

"Hu hu!"

On the side, Emperor Star Lady was panting heavily as she wiped the sweat off her forehead!

The higher the level of the desolate beasts, the harder it was to attract them over!

It took her a full five hours to attract these two desolate beasts!

"There are four now. including the desolate beasts that I tamed previously, there are a total of four immortal King Level 4 Beasts!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

In the past two months, the number of battle pets that Wang Xian tamed had reached around 60!

Especially in this one month, as it was in the central region, he was lucky enough to tame five to six at once!

Out of the twenty immortal king level desolate beasts, there were four at level four, ten at level three, and the rest were at level two and Level One!

The number of these war pets could cause the entire region to boil!

Back then, the entire eastern Li Celestial Empire was about to be destroyed under the attacks of these war pets!

"This power is Enough!"

Wang Xian looked at the blood-winged horse that had been tamed in front of him. His eyes flashed with a cold glint!

"Alright, I won't capture it for the time being!"

Wang Xian said to Di Xingnu who was beside him!

"It's finally over!"

Di Xingnu heaved a sigh of relief. For the past two months, she had been holding in her anger every day!

"From now on, there's nothing for you guys to do. If you want to leave, just leave!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Wang Xian said to her. Following that, he gave an order to the blood-winged horse!

The two blood-winged horses immediately flew towards their nest!

"What are you going to do after taming the dire beasts and letting them leave?"

Di Xing 'er asked Wang Xian with some doubts!

"There are some things that need to be dealt with. Let's Make Way!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and said to Di Xing 'er and the rest!

"Deal with things?"

Di Xing 'er had a puzzled look on her face. She followed Wang Xian and flew to the side!

Wang Xian stood in the sky and looked at the territories of the immortal king desolate beasts.

"Roar!"

Not long after, roars were suddenly heard from the front. The roars were filled with pressure and brutality!

"Huh? That's the territory of the blood winged horse!"

Emperor Star Lady stood at the side, looking at the source of the roars with a surprised expression!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Very quickly, roars that shook the sky responded!

A spot in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park began to shake!

Desolate beasts let out low roars as they slowly gathered together!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

From time to time, there would be an undying god King desolate beast roaring. The commotion in the Lorman desolate beast park grew bigger and bigger!

"This is?"

Emperor Star Lady looked ahead in shock, her eyes gleaming!

These desolate beasts were all attracted over by her, hence she was very clear about the territories of the tamed desolate beasts!

From her senses, these disturbances were all coming from these desolate beasts!

Clearly, these disturbances were ordered by that fellow beside her!

More and more undyings roared, many undyings below the level of undying emperor rushed towards the direction of the Iron Blood Alliance!

And as more and more undyings joined in, some untamed undyings were also affected!

The four undyings roared at the undyings, many of them joined in, rushing towards the Iron Blood Alliance!

As they advanced, more and more desolate beasts joined in!

"You... you are going to..."

Emperor Star Lady widened her eyes and looked at Wang Xian in shock!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian smiled and followed by the side of all the desolate beasts!

With the guidance of the sixty immortal king level desolate beasts that he had tamed, a beast tide was formed very quickly!

Furthermore, the number of the Beast Tide was increasing at a terrifying speed!

The number of the Beast Tide this time was twice as many as the previous one!

"The Dragon King is creating a beast tide to attack the Iron Blood Alliance!"

Aunt Ying flew over at this time and said with a twinkle in her eyes!

"Is he trying to destroy the Iron Blood Alliance?"

Celestial Emperor Lady said with a frown!

"It's possible. The last time the Dragon King helped the Iron Blood Alliance, it seemed that the Iron Blood Alliance wanted to harm him, so this time the Dragon King and the others are going to take revenge!"

Aunt Ying said slowly!

"This..."

Imperial Star Lady did not know what to say!

The Iron Blood Alliance repaid kindness with enmity. This was indeed infuriating, but the Dragon King's revenge could very possibly destroy the entire iron blood alliance, resulting in countless deaths and injuries!

"The Iron Blood Alliance is courting death. Miss, let's follow by the side and watch!"

As Aunt Ying said, she brought Imperial Star Lady to follow behind!

The Beast Tide was moving forward from the center of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. According to the speed of some desolate beasts, it would take at least a day for them to reach the Iron Blood Alliance!

However, Wang Xian was not in a hurry. The people from the Iron Blood Alliance would not be able to escape!

"Have you found out about the news of the Dragon King?"

At the same time, in a luxurious palace of the Iron Blood Alliance, a group of more than twenty people were sitting inside!

Two old men in metal armor were sitting in the leader's Seat!

As they sat there, waves of uncontrollable murderous aura spread out in all directions!

The weak ones didn't dare to look at the two old men at all!

"Lord defender-general, we haven't received any news about the dragon king yet. We'll send more people to investigate the News Now!"

The iron-blood Alliance master said with a frown!

"It's been more than two months, and there's still no news? Let me say it. We'll directly attack the Dragon Palace's Lair!"

One of the defender-general sitting at the front said with a cold face!