Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2507: 2507 Beast Tide 2

"Country defending general, if we attack the Dragon Palace directly, we're afraid that the Dragon Palace Dragon King can easily escape. When that time comes, it'll be difficult to kill him!"

Within the Iron Blood Alliance Palace, an iron blood alliance elder frowned and said!

Undying Emperors weren't easy to kill, if they wanted to escape, with their strength, they couldn't stop them at all!

The moment they couldn't kill the Dragon Emperor once, the next time would be even harder!

"Since you all know that attacking the Dragon Palace might allow the dragon emperor to escape, then quickly find out his exact location!"

The two defending generals of the raging flame God Dynasty said angrily!

They hadn't heard anything from the Dragon Emperor in over two months, they were already getting impatient!

"Yes Yes, Our Iron Blood Alliance will definitely get news about the dragon emperor as soon as possible!"

The Iron Blood Alliance members immediately replied!

They didn't dare to go against the two generals of the Raging Flame Empire! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The Flame Undying Empire had already promised that the moment they destroyed the Dragon King, they would be willing to set up a super long distance array to connect the Iron Blood Alliance to them!

The moment this array was set up, the Iron Blood Alliance would be in danger, and they could immediately send help to the Raging Flame Empire!

The Raging Flame Divine Dynasty would also guarantee to send reinforcements!

This was a huge opportunity for the entire iron-blood Alliance!

As long as they connected to the raging flame divine dynasty, they would be able to step into the territory of the raging flame divine dynasty. It would also be of great benefit to the development of the iron-blood Alliance!

As for the matter of betraying the Dragon Palace and killing the Dragon King, they had long forgotten about it due to the benefits in front of them!

"Let's do it as soon as possible!"

The two country protection generals'expressions softened as they said!

"Not good alliance master, not good. In the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, there are large numbers of desolate beasts attacking us!"

At this moment, a figure walked into the hall in a panic and exclaimed!

"What? There's a beast tide attacking us? Didn't the Beast Tide just erupt?"

Within the hall, the Iron Blood Alliance warriors were shocked, they immediately stood up and said!

"We don't know, we don't know either, through the satellite and Our Alliance Scouts, the Beast Tide this time is even bigger than the last time!"

"We already know that there are 5 undying Emperor Level 4 beasts, we estimate that they will reach us in 2 hours!"

The reporting middle aged man said with a pale face!

"This... The Beast Tide that erupted not long ago, according to the past situation, there won't be a beast tide for at least a few hundred to a few thousand years!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader's expression was extremely ugly as he said!

"Ring the bell, all soldiers prepare for battle!"

An iron blood alliance elder said with a dark expression!

"Yes!"

An elder beside him immediately replied!

"Beast Horde? Are there any undying level 5 desolate beasts?"

The two flame god Empire generals in front of them raised their eyebrows and asked!

"No, we didn't find any undying level 5 desolate beasts!"

The middle aged man immediately said!

"Two generals, our iron blood alliance has always been under threat from the Lorman Desolate Beast Park, but the Beast Horde has never had any undying level 5 desolate beasts involved!"

"Undying god King Level 5 desolate beasts live in the center of the desolate Beast Park. They do not need to fight over territory!"

An iron blood alliance ancestor immediately said!

"Since that's the case, we will help you suppress the Beast Horde this time!"

The two guardian generals looked at each other and said calmly. Their faces were filled with confidence!

"Thank you two generals for your help. With your help, we can easily suppress all the desolate beasts!"

The Iron Blood Alliance members were excited!

Even though the Beast Tide was strong, with the Flame God dynasty's two undying level 5 warriors, they could easily defend against it!

Even if the two generals were willing to help, the two of them could defend against all the undying emperor desolate beasts!

This was the strength of an undying level 5 warrior!

"Go!"

The two generals nodded indifferently. They didn't care about the Beast Horde at all!

They could easily defend against the Beast Horde!

"Weng!"

The group moved and swiftly flew towards the frontlines!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

"Prepare for battle!"

"The Beast Horde has invaded. Kill them, kill them!"

At this moment, in the middle of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park and the Iron Blood Alliance, Countless Iron Blood Alliance soldiers were flying towards them!

All of them were roaring with killing intent!

In less than half an hour, just like last time, the city walls were filled with densely packed iron blood alliance soldiers!

Tens of billions of soldiers, their hands holding weapons, stared coldly ahead!

The Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance stood around the two defending generals of the flame undying God dynasty, staring ahead!

Right now, they could already feel the terrifying aura and the roar of the desolate beasts ahead!

"What terrifying power!"

"Hiss, the Beast Tide this time is much stronger than last time!"

Even if the desolate beasts had not arrived, all the soldiers of the Iron Blood Alliance felt the immense pressure coming from the front!

This caused many of the soldiers'faces to turn slightly pale!

"All the soldiers need not worry. With the two guardian generals of the Raging Flame Divine Empire helping us to resist the divine empire, we can easily kill all the desolate beasts!"

"We will definitely win this battle!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader was not too worried about the beast tide this time. He roared at everyone with a smile on his face!

"We will definitely win!"

When all the soldiers of the Iron Blood Alliance heard the Alliance leader's words, Joy appeared on their faces!

They naturally knew that the raging flame divine empire belonged to the powerful divine empire opposite the Lorman Desolate Beast Garden!

With the help of the experts of the Raging Flame Divine Empire, they would definitely be able to easily defend against the Beast Tide this time!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"It's coming!"

At this time, the roars of the desolate beasts were getting closer and closer, they could see the ferocious desolate beasts at the front!

In the front row, over 70 undying emperor desolate beasts were giving off terrifying power!

In the middle, 5 huge undying level 4 desolate beasts, a brutal aura rushed over!

"Over 70, there are actually over 70 undying emperor desolate beasts!"

"Hu, the Beast Tide this time is almost double the previous time, luckily there are the 2 lords of the Raging Flame God Dynasty!"

When everyone saw over 70 undying emperor desolate beasts, their faces were filled with shock!

With so many powerful desolate beasts, if no one helped them, their iron blood alliance would be destroyed!

"With us here, don't Worry!"

The flame undying general looked ahead and said indifferently!

Without an undying level 5 desolate beast, they didn't need to take it to heart!

The two moved and floated in mid air, staring indifferently at the 70 over undying level emperor desolate beasts!