Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2508: 2508 Beast Tide 3

"Hahaha, prepare to face the enemy!"

"Share some of the pressure for the two Lords!"

When the experts of the Iron Blood Alliance saw the two guardian generals of the Raging Flame God dynasty standing in the air, their eyes revealed an excited look as they roared!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

One figure after another immediately came behind the two and stared coldly at the Beast Tide in front of them!

"With the two country defending generals here, these desolate beasts are just our resources!"

Below them, the five emissaries, princes, and a group of youths from the Raging Flame Divine Empire were looking forward with smiles on their faces!

Similarly, they did not take the Beast Tide seriously this time!

"Are they all here?"

At the same time, at the side of the Beast Tide, Wang Xian looked at the soldiers at the frontline of the Iron Blood Alliance. Looking at the dozens of immortal god King powerhouses floating in the sky, a faint smile appeared on his face!

His gaze landed on the two figures in the middle, and his eyes were shining!

"Dragon King, the two in the middle should have the combat strength of a level five immortal King!"

AO he stood beside him and whispered!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded slightly. "Ao he, you will deal with the two of them later!"

The two level five immortal king level powerhouses were obviously from the blazing flame empire!

The reason why the Iron Blood Alliance wanted to kill him was also because of the blazing flame empire!

"The Blazing Flame Empire is not a force in this region. I should not have provoked them!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"However, since you guys want to kill me, then just wait for your doom!"

As he spoke, an extremely sinister expression appeared on his face!

"Do it!"

Wang Xian shouted in a low voice and ordered immediately!

Buzz

In the next moment, ao Xie who was at the side vanished!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the same time, at the front of the Beast Tide, 60 immortal king level desolate beasts sensed Wang Xian's order and let out a furious roar!

The other 10 immortal king level desolate beasts that were led over also roared when they saw the roars of their own kind around them. Their eyes were filled with bloodlust!

With each roar, below, all the desolate beasts below undying god King charged forward!

"HMPH, a bunch of beasts, go die!"

The two defending generals floating in the air stared disdainfully at the seventy desolate beasts in front of them, waving their arms!

One of them had a large blade in his hand, while the other held a small city like weapon!

"Leave these beasts to the two of us. Kill all the other desolate beasts!"

The two country defending generals said proudly. Their bodies moved and slashed at the 70 over undying God emperor desolate beasts!

"Alright, Alright, then I'll have to trouble the two generals!"

The Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance revealed excited expressions!

At this time, they felt that cooperating with the raging flame God dynasty was worth it!

"Kill!"

A defender-general roared and raised the long blade in his hand, slashing forward!

More than 70 immortal king desolate beasts in front of them felt the terrifying attack power, causing a commotion!

Especially those desolate beasts that were not subdued by Wang Xian, they were shaking their bodies in fear!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However, at this moment, an even more terrifying oppressive sound was heard. It went straight for the terrifying blade light!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Sensing this aura, the tamed desolate beasts let out an excited roar!

"Peng!"

The saber beam collided with an incomparably huge claw and instantly dissipated!

"Oh? What?"

The two calm and composed country protection generals saw a huge creature suddenly appear. Sensing its terrifying strength, their expressions changed!

"Roar Roar!"

Before they could react, another terrifying existence appeared from the huge beast!

Two huge figures attacked the two of them!

"Shit, these two are undying god King level 5 desolate beasts!"

One of the country defending generals shouted in shock!

"What!"

"How is this possible, how can there be an undying god King Level 5 desolate beast!"

Below, when everyone heard the general's words, their bodies froze, their faces filled with shock!

Especially the people from the Iron Blood Alliance, their faces instantly paled!

"This... These are, two undying level 5 desolate beasts!"

They immediately raised their heads and looked up, seeing the two terrifying creatures, their bodies trembled!

"No, no, these creatures are so familiar, so familiar!"

Suddenly, the iron-blood alliance master stared at the two terrifying creatures and muttered!

The more he looked, the more he looked like the powerful creatures described in the AI!

Those were... the Dragon King's subordinates!

"Roar!"

At this moment, another extremely terrifying roar sounded. This was the third sound!

The source of the roar was naturally ao crab's body!

The ones who attacked were naturally ao crab and his devouring dragons!

The 3rd Undying Level 5 undying level devouring dragon crawled out from his body and attacked the 2 flame god Generals!

"Damn damn damn, what kind of monster is this!"

One of the generals saw the 3rd creature appear and his expression became ugly, he roared fiercely!

"The two of US will hold back these two undying level 5 god King desolate beasts, the rest will be up to you!"

The other defender-general roared softly, exchanging glances with the other, the two immediately flew into the distance!

They wanted to lure the three undying level 5 god King desolate beasts away, otherwise the aftershocks of their battle would cause the iron blood alliance to suffer heavy losses, even destruction!

However, with the two of them, they could only pin down these three terrifying creatures!

The two of them flew into the distance. Ao Xie and the rest had a glint in their eyes, but they didn't stop them!

"This is the time, Hehe!"

When Wang Xian saw the two level 5 immortal king experts leaving, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. A sinister look appeared on his face!

Buzz nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The next moment, his body moved and flew towards the center of the battlefield at a terrifying speed!

"How could the beast tide this time be so terrifying, how could there be three immortal king level 5 desolate beasts, how could it be!"

At this moment, many experts of the Iron Blood Alliance were still shocked by the sudden appearance of the three immortal King Level 5 experts!

Only the Iron Blood Alliance leader's expression changed as he thought of a possibility!

"Weng Weng!"

Suddenly, everyone felt the entire space change!

Huge black holes appeared out of thin air and the entire space became extremely strange!

At that moment, the wild beasts below undying level felt the change in space and began to stir!

The entire strange space actually covered an area of 400 to 500 million kilometers!

Due to the dense beast horde battle lines, all the desolate beasts and people from the Iron Blood Alliance were covered!

"This is... It's... It's the Dragon Palace Dragon King! It's the Dragon Palace Dragon King!"

The Iron Blood Alliance master saw this strange space and was completely certain of it!

He widened his eyes and roared in disbelief!