Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2509: 2509 Beast Tide 4

"Dragon Palace Dragon King?"

"This is obviously a beast tide, how can it be Dragon Palace Dragon King?"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader's words caused everyone's faces to reveal shock and shock!

"This space is exactly the same as what the AI described, I can't sense my own undying country, this is the space, it's Dragon King!"

At the side, an undying god King's heart skipped a beat. He looked at the space around him and widened his eyes. His face was filled with fear as he shouted in shock!

"Iron Blood Alliance, long time no see?"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Wang Xian's figure flew towards the front of the group of desolate beasts!

Among them, the dozens of immortal king desolate beasts that were led over saw a human flying towards them. They stared at him with a grim expression and let out a furious roar!

However, just as they recalled their roar, more than 60 immortal king desolate beasts roared at them at the same time. Their grim gazes warned them!

"Roar!"

The dozens of immortal king desolate beasts let out a low roar and scanned their surroundings restlessly!

"Roar Roar Roar!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

They tried to escape but realized that they could not sense their nest at all!

This made them even more restless!

The sixty over desolate beasts that were tamed by Wang Xian looked at them and let out a warning roar again!

"Roar!"

The dozens of immortal king desolate beasts let out a low growl in response. Facing the sixty over immortal king desolate beasts, they quieted down!

At this moment, Wang Xian had already arrived in front of all the immortal king desolate beasts. He was smiling as he stared at the people from the Iron Blood Alliance!

"Hiss!"

Seeing Wang Xian floating in front of all the desolate beasts and seeing the desolate beasts standing quietly behind him, everyone from the Iron Blood Alliance gasped in unison!

"It's you, it's really you, Dragon King!"

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance widened his eyes and stared at Wang Xian with an extremely ugly expression!

The surrounding experts from the Iron Blood Alliance also narrowed their eyes slightly and wore a gloomy expression!

"It's that guy. This beast tide... This guy..."

At the side, the lord of the Blazing Inferno dynasty and the group of young men were also staring at Wang Xian in astonishment!

"Is he the Dragon King?"

The five emissaries of the Blazing Inferno dynasty also felt their hearts pounding violently as they looked at the Beast Tide Army with a solemn expression!

"It's that Dragon King. What's going on? How could the Dragon King Order the Beast Tide? Isn't the Dragon King the benefactor of our Iron Blood Alliance?"

"Yeah, what's going on? is the Dragon King here to help us?"

The ordinary soldiers of the Iron Blood Alliance did not know that they were going to kill the Dragon King. When they saw Wang Xian standing opposite them, they opened their mouths slightly!

"Iron-blood alliance, are you familiar with the Beast Tide? Not long ago, you guys encountered a beast tide. I, the Dragon King, led my men to help you!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across everyone in the iron-blood alliance as he spoke in a slightly sinister tone!

"Dragon King... then... those three immortal king level five powerhouses are your men?"

Sensing Wang Xian's gaze, the Chief of the iron-blood Alliance clenched his fists tightly as he asked in a low voice. His voice was trembling slightly!

"What do you think?"

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly!

"The last time, i, the Dragon King, helped you guys. In the end, you guys repaid my kindness with enmity and wanted to kill me instead. Haha, iron-blood Alliance, Good, very good!"

"This is the first time that I have met such an ungrateful person. Since that's the case, I will have to bear the revenge from the Dragon Palace. This Beast Tide is a gift from me to you guys. Are You Satisfied?"

He stared coldly at the chief of the Iron Blood Alliance and spoke with murderous intent!

"What? Why would the Iron Blood Alliance want to..."

His words caused the expressions of all the soldiers of the Iron Blood Alliance who were unaware of the situation to change drastically!

Why would the Iron Blood Alliance want to kill the Dragon King?

"Dragon King, we have no other choice. We have no other choice!"

An elder of the iron blood alliance was trembling as he stared at Wang Xian with blood-red eyes. He growled in a low voice, "Dragon King, are you trying to destroy the Iron Blood Alliance?"

"That's right. Today, I'm going to destroy the Iron Blood Alliance. I will let you know the consequences of trying to kill me!"

Wang Xian spoke to them without hiding anything!

"Beast Tide! Beast Tide! Dragon King, you actually launched such a huge beast tide to deal with us. You really think highly of us!"

One of the Patriarchs of the Iron Blood Alliance looked at the Immortal King desolate beast behind Wang Xian with blood-red eyes. His face was filled with regret as he growled!

"I have spent a lot of effort to capture all of you in one Go!"

Wang Xian looked at him with a mocking expression!

"Capture all of you in one Go!"

When everyone heard Wang Xian's words, they felt their scalps turn numb and their hearts turn cold!

"Something big is going to happen!"

At the side, the heart of the Lord of the blazing dynasty was beating violently. He had a bad premonition!

Beside him, the 5 envoys were also holding their weapons tightly, extremely nervous!

This time, they had kicked an iron board!

"This Dragon Palace doesn't only have 3 undying level 4 warriors, how can they be so strong?"

"How can there be 3 undying level 5 warriors here!"

An emissary from the Raging Flame God dynasty couldn't help but Roar!

They had followed the emperor's orders to kill the Dragon King, and now they realized that the Dragon King's power wasn't weaker than theirs, or even stronger. Kill?

With what?

Weren't they sending themselves to their deaths?

"What do we do? The Dragon King's power is too terrifying, three level 5 undying fighters, it's not hard for them to kill us!"

"Damn it, we've done something wrong this time, we have to get the Dragon King to forgive us, otherwise our iron blood alliance..."

In the center, a few of the Iron Blood Alliance elders and alliance leaders said softly.

They had completely lost their sense of propriety!

"Dragon King, this time it's our fault, we're willing to apologize and give the Iron Blood Alliance a Chance!"

"We are doing this for the future of the Iron Blood Alliance, but we haven't done anything yet!"

An elder of the Iron Blood Alliance begged for mercy!

"Do you think that I don't Know About Your Iron Blood Alliance sending people to look for my information? It's too late to beg for mercy now!"

"Kill!"

Wang Xian didn't want to talk to them anymore. He waved his arm and ordered loudly!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Behind them, the 60 immortal king desolate beasts let out an attack roar in unison. Following that, they immediately pounced forward!

"Not good, defend and defend!"

"Dragon King, can't you give us a chance?"

Seeing all the desolate beasts charging at them, the chief of the Iron Blood Alliance roared in fear!

"You deserve it!"

Wang Xian's eyes were cold!

"Roar!"

Behind all the desolate beasts, a huge creature flew over from behind!

Its terrifying aura made everyone tremble!

Immortal King Level 5 devouring dragon!