Chapter 2510: 2510 had brought this upon himself

"An undying level 5 being, and an undying level 5 being!"

When a swallowing dragon's roar covered all sounds, the moment all the Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance saw him fly over!

Everyone's faces were filled with disbelief, their faces filled with shock! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Dragon Palace, there was still an undying level 5 being hiding in this space!

Stunned, at this time, everyone was stunned!

"How do we fight!"

An undying level 1 warrior looked sadly at the Beast Tide and Dragon Palace's Undying Level 5 warrior!

On their side, the strongest were only 3 undying level 4 ancestors!

However, there were already 5 undying level 4 desolate beasts on the other side!

They were already at a disadvantage, now against A Level 5 undying, how could they fight?

"No no no, Dragon King, how can you have such terrifying strength!"

Iron Blood Alliance leader couldn't believe it as he looked at another level 5 undying, his eyes bloodshot!

With such terrifying strength, would the east li immortal dynasty still dare to provoke the Dragon King?

If they knew that the Dragon King had such power, why would they still dare to cooperate with the Raging Flame Immortal Dynasty?

If they knew, they would cling onto the Dragon Palace. As long as the Dragon King nodded, what kind of beast tide crisis would they have to face?

The strength displayed by the Dragon Palace had already surpassed that of the Raging Flame Immortal Dynasty!

"What a joke!"

Wang Xian looked at the disbelief on his face and his face was filled with mockery!

Roar

Following that, what greeted the Iron Blood Alliance was the terrifying Dragon Claw attack of the Devouring Dragon!

That huge body and 18 terrifying claws instantly appeared in front of the 40 immortal kings of the Iron Blood Alliance and tore them apart!

"Run, run, run!"

Feeling the swallowing dragon's terrifying attack, the Iron Blood Alliance ancestor howled in fear!

They didn't even have the desire to defend, turning and fleeing madly!

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"I can't return to my God country, we're finished!"

However in the next moment, screams of pain resounded!

Mixed within were screams of panic and despair!

They could no longer sense their god country, facing this terrifying Beast Horde, what they faced was death and destruction!

"No!"

The screams were from over 10 undying level 1 warriors, and countless soldiers below!

When the Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance heard these screams, blood flowed out of their eyes, they turned around and roared in despair!

Below, the Beast Tide had already charged into their group of warriors, there were even a few undying god King desolate beasts wreaking havoc!

Those warriors who had not reached the undying god King realm did not have the ability to resist at all!

Seeing this scene, all the warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance collapsed!

Those were their warriors, many of them were their descendants, and they were being slaughtered!

It was all because of their choices and their ingratitude!

"Dragon King, Stop! Stop! We surrender! We Surrender!"

An elder of the Iron Blood Alliance could not help but turn around and shout at Wang Xian in despair!

They were afraid, really afraid!

The Dragon King's influence was too strong. It was a piece of cake to destroy them!

They were afraid that after the Dragon King destroyed them, he would destroy their planet!

If the Dragon King really did that, who would be able to stop him?

They had protected the planet for millions or even tens of millions of years for generations, because of their choices, because of their ingratitude, they were destroyed!

They didn't want to see that!

"Stop, we surrender, we surrender!"

Seeing an elder crumble and stand there in despair, the rest of the iron blood alliance warriors trembled and stopped!

Some of the immortal godly kings were even kneeling there!

"Spare our lives, spare our clansmen!"

"Plop!"

The leader of the Iron Blood Alliance kneeled in the air and lowered his head towards Wang Xian!

"Spare you? If not for my strength, I would probably be the one to die, right?"

Wang Xian stared at them expressionlessly. There was no mercy in his eyes!

"Dragon King, what do you need to do to be willing to let us off!"

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

As one of the Patriarchs of the iron-blood Alliance spoke, he knelt down as well and spoke with a pained expression!

The rest of the experts of the iron-blood alliance also knelt down immediately!

They had already lost the ability and qualification to resist!

No matter what, they had to die!

However, they didn't want to die!

"All of you have committed your own mistakes and implicated your clansmen. You have brought your own sins upon yourselves. Commit suicide immediately. I can let your clansmen off!"

Wang Xian looked at the members of the Iron Blood Alliance who were kneeling there with a mocking expression on his face!

Now, he knew regret and begged for mercy!

If Wang Xian was a weakling in this matter, he would be the one to die!

He would definitely not let off those who wanted to kill him!

"What? You want us to commit suicide!"

Wang Xian's words made their faces turn pale. Their eyes were filled with fear!

They were all immortal king level existences with a lifespan of a million years. They... Didn't want to die!

"Ahhhh!"

However, there were continuous screams from below. When they looked over, their hearts were beating violently!

Wang Xian stared at them coldly without saying a word. He just stared at them coldly!

Every second, many people would be eaten and torn apart by the desolate beasts!

However, they were not worthy of sympathy. This was because their forefather had committed a mistake, and their forefather had to bear the consequences!

Now, their forefather was able to save them. They were killed because of their forefather!

"Forefather, we are all going to die anyway. Kill ourselves. At least we can let our clansmen live!"

"Hahaha, the strong prey on the weak. This time, it's our Iron Blood Alliance's fault. It's our fault. We have to pay the price in blood!"

"Pu!"

An immortal king level 3 powerhouse's body trembled. He let out a bitter laugh as his palm landed directly on his head!

They had lost, they had lost!

They had lost because of their ingratitude and their greed!

"Dragon King, make these desolate beasts stop. We are willing to commit suicide!"

The Iron Blood Alliance leader's body trembled as he roared at Wang Xian!

"Buzz!"

Wang Xian waved his hand!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At the next moment, the 60 tamed immortal king desolate beasts let out an angry roar. All the desolate beasts trembled and did not dare to continue attacking!

They shrunk back in fear!

"Members of the Iron Blood Alliance, remember, do not avenge us!"

The three patriarchs closed their eyes weakly and spat out blood slowly!

"Forefathers!"

Some of the soldiers looked over and their faces were filled with tears!

"No, no, Dragon King. Our Iron Blood Alliance has already admitted our mistakes. Can't we just let us go?"

A middle-aged man glared at Wang Xian and shouted angrily!

Boom

However, just as he finished his sentence, a terrifying claw struck directly at his position!

"No!"

The middle-aged man's face was filled with horror as he shouted in fear!

"Bang!"

As the claw landed, thousands of people around him were affected and died instantly!

"It's already merciful of me to let all of you off!"

The Devouring Dragon's cold voice resounded in everyone's ears!

Wang Xian looked at him coldly!

If the dragon palace was weak, would they let him off if the Dragon Palace begged for mercy?

Obviously not!