Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2511: 2511 had become the king of this region

"This, this..."

Within the black hole, everyone saw that because a soldier roared at the Dragon King, he was directly killed by the terrifying expert of the Dragon Palace, and thousands of people around him died because of his words!

Everyone's hearts turned cold, and their eyes were filled with fear!

Now, they truly realized that their lives and deaths were completely in the hands of the Dragon King!

Because of their kindness and enmity, the Dragon King had come to destroy them. It was already merciful of the Dragon King to let them go!

At this time, they also knew that if they dared to show any dissatisfaction, or even think about taking revenge on the Dragon King in the future, then the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace would destroy all of them now!

"This time, it's our fault. We've harmed you. Remember, don't take revenge!"

An iron blood alliance elder stared at everyone sadly and roared softly!

After they were killed, there wouldn't be a single undying emperor in the entire Iron Blood Alliance!

It was impossible for the Iron Blood Alliance to take revenge for them!

The entire iron blood alliance had millions of years to reach their current level, and there were only three undying Emperor Level 4 warriors!

They could not be compared to the Dragon Palace and Dragon King. Taking revenge was courting death!

"It's the Elder!"

All the soldiers looked at the powerhouses of the Iron Blood Alliance and lowered their heads slowly! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Although the disaster this time was caused by the upper echelons of the Iron Blood Alliance, it was still for the sake of the entire Iron Blood Alliance!

They had nothing to blame!

"Dragon King, I hope you can give us a way out!"

The experts from the Iron Blood Alliance looked at Wang Xian with pleading faces as they growled in a low voice!

"Hehe, all of you look like victims!"

Wang Xian looked at them with a mocking expression on his face!

With his personality and the future plans of the Dragon Palace, with the strength of the Dragon Palace, would the Dragon Palace not help them when the Iron Blood Alliance gave the ocean to the Dragon Palace in the future?

Obviously it was impossible!

If they came to beg him, he would protect them too!

But the Iron Blood Alliance wanted to kill him!

What could they do!

"The Iron Blood Alliance was destroyed in our hands!"

The undying fighters muttered in despair!

"Pu Pu Pu!"

They all closed their eyes, their arms landing heavily on their heads!

Very quickly, their bodies fell, the 40 or so Iron Blood Alliance undyings all committed suicide!

"Rumble, this... this... What do we do? What do we do?"

Not far away, a group of over 10 undyings stood there stiffly!

Beside them, there were 5 powerful undyings!

However at this time, their foreheads were covered in cold sweat, looking at the corpses of the iron blood alliance, their bodies trembled!

40 undyings all committing suicide, even in their area, it was a shocking thing!

The Warriors of the Iron Blood Alliance all committed suicide? What about them?

Weng

"The Dragon King is looking at us, the Dragon King is looking at us!"

At this time, a youth suddenly said in fear, his voice even filled with tears!

That's right, the Dragon King looked at them. A few of the young men cried out in fear!

The five emissaries of the Blazing Flame Empire, the king of the blazing flame empire, also trembled. His face was filled with Panic!

Gulp

They gulped and looked at the Dragon King with a pale face!

"I have a question. I don't Know Your Blazing Flame Empire at all. Why did you want to kill me?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked the people from the Blazing Flame Divine Empire!

"We... We don't know either. We don't know either!"

The people immediately shook their heads and couldn't help but retreat backward!

"You don't Know? How could you not know? Hehe, don't worry. I will destroy your blazing flame divine empire. All of you must die too!"

Wang Xian looked at them mockingly and said coldly!

"Roar!"

As soon as Wang Xian finished his sentence, the devouring dragon immediately attacked them!

"No, no, don't Kill Us! Don't Kill Us!"

Terrified pleas for mercy sounded. The Blazing Flame God roared at everyone with a face full of despair!

"Bang, Bang, Bang!"

However, in the next moment, the Devouring Dragon's attack landed on them!

"Soul Catcher!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and grabbed one of the emissaries and the Prince!

Buzz

Countless information appeared in his mind!

Roar

After casting soul capture, the Dragon Claw of the devouring dragon pierced through their corpses!

Boom! Boom! Boom

One by one, the corpses fell to the ground and smashed onto the hearts of everyone from the iron-blood Alliance!

They naturally knew that the blazing flame divine empire was a powerful force from another region!

The Iron Blood Alliance had always been trying to curry favor with them. Now that they had been killed by an expert from the Dragon Palace, they didn't take him seriously at all!

At this moment, tens of billions of people from the Iron Blood Alliance looked at the figure floating in the sky!

Their eyes were filled with respect and complicated feelings!

"The young master from the Central Region wants to kill himself!"

After a long while, Wang Xian, who was floating in the sky, slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were sparkling!

He frowned slightly and a pensive look appeared on his face!

There was only one person in the central area that he knew -- the Queen of the Imperial Star!

"Is it because of her?"

Wang Xian mumbled and looked to the side. Aunt Ying and the Queen of the Imperial Star were hiding there!

Buzz

He swept his gaze across the surroundings and waved his arm. The black hole disturbance formation slowly dissipated!

At the same time, a corner of the Dragon Palace appeared behind him!

"Prime Minister Gui, bring some men over to take care of this place!"

Wang Xian immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui who was in the Dragon Palace!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui's reply was heard immediately!

"How is this possible? How is this possible!"

At this moment, a voice filled with shock and horror resounded across the entire sky!

Wang Xian looked over with a cold look in his eyes!

At this moment, in the distant starry sky, the two level 5 immortal king powerhouses from the Blazing God dynasty were looking over with shocked expressions!

Ever since the strange formation enveloped this area, they had a bad premonition!

They wanted to rush over and break the formation, but they were completely unable to break through the defense when facing three terrifying creatures!

However, it had only been a few minutes?

They actually saw the corpses of the experts from the raging flame divine empire and the experts from the Iron Blood Alliance!

What made them especially terrified was that the corpses of the Iron Blood Alliance seemed to have committed suicide!

This made their bodies tremble!

"Get out of this starry sky. It Won't be long before my dragon palace sets foot on Your Raging Flame Divine Empire!"

Wang Xian looked at the two defending generals of the raging flame empire, his eyes filled with killing intent!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Devouring Dragon let out a violent roar and attacked them directly!

Including this devouring dragon, there were a total of four immortal King Level 5 powerhouses!

"Oh no, they have another immortal King Level 5 Powerhouse!"

Seeing a devouring dragon of the same level charging over, their hair stood on end!