Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2512: 2512, this region had already become the emperor’s territory

There was still an undying level 5 warrior!

And now the Dragon Palace had revealed 4 undying level 5 warriors!

A total of 4, their Raging Flame God Dynasty only had 3 undying level 5 warriors!

The Dragon King's power was already stronger than their raging flame God dynasty!

Kill the Dragon King?

They were simply asking for trouble!

"We're in Big Trouble!"

The two looked at each other, their expressions extremely ugly!

This time, not only were they unable to complete the young master's orders, they had even provoked such a terrifying enemy!

"Damn it, that young master is also a bastard, giving us so little benefits, allowing us to kill such a terrifying enemy!"

Their Hearts beat fiercely!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Around them, four level 5 undying god King Warriors were attacking them, how could they defend!

"Go!"

The two gritted their teeth, growling, their figures vanished instantly!

As the two left, the entire space became completely silent!

Even the entire Beast Horde quieted down. The 60 tamed undying god King desolate beasts were right beside the 10 over undying god King desolate beasts, preventing them from escaping!

With such a difference, if the 10 over undying emperor desolate beasts wanted to escape, the moment they escaped, they would be able to tear them apart!

After all, the distance was too close, they were basically close to each other!

The remaining 400,000 to 500,000 eternal god Lord level desolate beasts were sealed by the laws of the undying emperor desolate beasts, they could not escape!

As for the god level desolate beasts, there were more than a billion of them!

"Prime Minister Gui, you guys will take over the ocean of the Iron Blood Alliance's planets. I will handle these desolate beasts!"

Wang Xian looked around and said indifferently!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Gui Cheng and the rest nodded!

"There will be no more iron blood alliance in the future. Retreat!"

Wang Xian looked at the countless members of the Iron Blood Alliance below and said coldly!

He was prepared to occupy more than 100 oceans of the Iron Blood Alliance. As for the other positions, they would be sold to other forces for management!

And not long ago, the Iron Blood Alliance would completely disappear in this starry sky!

"In less than a year, the Dragon Palace has become the king of this region!"

Wang Xian smiled gently and revealed a hint of a smile!

"Next, I'll be busy for some time!"

He looked at the countless desolate beasts around him. There were 500,000 to 600,000 eternal God level beasts. Such a terrifying number was even more terrifying than the east li immortal dynasty's God Level Beasts!

In addition, there were more than 70 immortal god King Level Beasts. Including the mounts of the five emissaries from the Inferno Immortal dynasty, there were exactly 80 of them!

"In one to two months, the Dragon Palace will hold a war pet sale!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

The final enemy, the Iron Blood Alliance, had been destroyed. This area could be said to be invincible in the Dragon Palace!

The Dragon Palace would also need to consolidate their strength!

"Star Lady, there's Something I need to ask you!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He looked around and saw that the Iron Blood Alliance members had left. There were only a bunch of desolate beasts. He looked at the position of Emperor Star Lady and asked!

"HMM? What's the matter?"

The Celestial Emperor Lady and the rest appeared and flew straight towards Wang Xian!

"I received a piece of news from the blazing dynasty. They were following the orders of a young master from the Central Region and wanted to kill me!"

"My Dragon Palace has never stepped into the central region nor met anyone from the central region. Could it be because of you?"

"Your suitor? He saw me and wanted to kill me?"

Wang Xian spoke to Di Xingnu while making guesses!

"What? The young master from the Central Region wants to kill you!"

When di Xingnu heard Wang Xian's words, she was slightly stunned. Her face instantly turned ugly!

At the side, Auntie Ying's face also darkened as she frowned!

"It should be because of me. It might be one of those guys. I didn't expect them to be so despicable!"

Di Xingnu didn't hide anything and said with a gloomy face!

"Oh? Can you tell me?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked her!

"This..."

Di Xingnu opened her mouth and revealed a hesitant look!

"The ones who sent people to kill you should be from our generation. Not long ago, we would be fighting for an opportunity. They didn't want an actor like me to obtain an opportunity, so..."

As she spoke, she smiled bitterly. However, very soon, a cold expression appeared on her face!

"Someone from the imperial court?"

Wang Xian looked at her. His eyes flickered as he asked!

"You... How do you know? I have never told you!"

The empress was slightly stunned as she looked at him in astonishment!

"I only know about the imperial court in the Central Region. I didn't expect you to be a disciple of the imperial court. You have a deep background!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

Before this, he was still unsure of the background of the Imperial Star Lady. He didn't expect her to be the disciple of the most powerful faction in the Imperial Star Region!

"I really don't want to have such a background!"

The imperial star lady sighed slightly and frowned. "The one who sent the blazing dynasty to kill you should be a disciple of my generation. They don't want you to help me!"

"I'm very weak, and I'm not valued in the imperial court. I Can't stop such a thing. I'm really sorry that you're being hunted because of me!"

"If you're worried, I can leave this place. This way, they won't send anyone to kill you in the future!"

She said to Wang Xian with an apologetic look!

"How strong are your disciples of the same generation? How Strong Are Your Immortal Kings?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked!

"HMM? They can only use their identity to order some third-or fourth-rate forces. Second-rate forces are hard to order. The Immortal kings that they can send out are at most level five or six immortal kings. They can't be more than level six!"

Di Xing nu said directly!

"Then it doesn't matter. I will find the guy who gave the order and let him know the consequences!"

Wang Xian smiled sinisterly, following which he looked at emperor star lady, "If there's anything you need, you can ask me for help, I will not decline!"

"Next, I will command the Dragon Palace to control this area, you can come to the Dragon Palace to play if you have nothing to do, I have to get busy!"

As he said that, he walked straight towards the group of desolate beasts. Next, he had to tame the desolate beasts!

He would be extremely busy for at least the next month or two!

"Over 40 corpses, 40 undying countries, a group of resources. This time, the Dragon Palace will be able to increase again. Ao Xie swallowing the Iron Blood Alliance's three undying Level 4 god countries should be able to increase again!"

He muttered, feeling extremely good!

If Ao Xie increased again, it would be his undying level 6 battle strength!

After every war, the Dragon Palace would receive a huge improvement!

This time, the harvest was the most terrifying. There were 80 immortal King Combat Pets for Sale!

"If these level 4 immortal King Combat Pets can be sold, my strength would also be enhanced. At that time, I would have level 5 immortal King Combat Strength!"

The corner of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly!