Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2513: The 2513 battle pet sales convention began once again

"According to the latest news, the Iron Blood Alliance has been destroyed by the Dragon Palace, on the other side of the Luo er man desolate Beast Park, a powerful organization, the Raging Flame God dynasty has been pushed back!"

"The Dragon Palace is going against the heavens, it's said that they have an undying level 5 warrior!"

"The Iron Blood Alliance has been destroyed, the East Li Undying Dynasty has been destroyed, and now the Dragon Palace is the king of our region!"

"A true king has been born. The current strength of the Dragon Palace is too strong. The current Dragon Palace can sweep across more than 100,000 life planets!"

"The Dragon Palace has announced that in two months, the Dragon Palace's War Pet Planet beside East Pool Planet will hold a huge war pet sale!"

After the Iron Blood Alliance was settled, Wang Xian went straight back to the Dragon Palace and began to tame the desolate beasts!

Following that, the Dragon Palace announced on the AI that the second dragon palace pet auction would be held in two months!

This time, the venue was on a planet!

This planet completely belonged to the Dragon Palace and was used as the planet of the Dragon Palace Pet Shop!

Such a move could only be done by the current Dragon Palace!

After the Dragon Palace announced the second auction, some powers received news that the iron-blood alliance had been destroyed!

The news shocked everyone once again!

All the powers knew that the Iron Blood Alliance had 3 undying level 4 warriors, much more powerful than the East Li Undying Dynasty!

Yet they were suddenly destroyed by the Dragon Palace, what power was that?

Some powers went to the Iron Blood Alliance to get news, only to find out that all the warriors had committed suicide, shocking everyone even more!

What kind of power could cause dozens of undying emperors to commit suicide?

The power of the Dragon Palace spread to over 100,000 life planets!

The Dragon Palace had completely become the new emperor of this region, an invincible emperor!

"The Dragon Palace being the Emperor has great benefits for us too, at least the Dragon Palace's battle pets are cheaper, and the Dragon Palace only occupies the ocean, not the land!"

"The Dragon Palace's battle pets sales convention in two months will also be a gathering of the Dragon Palace, I reckon all the powers and God kings will be here!"

"That's for sure, the Dragon Palace has an undying level 5 warrior now, he's invincible here!"

The powers looked at the news of the Dragon Palace and began to make preparations!

This time, even if the Dragon Palace didn't say that all the powers would be here, they weren't stupid!

This time, not only did they have to go early, they also had to prepare some gifts to celebrate the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

Time passed slowly. Wang Xian stayed in the Dragon Palace every day to tame the desolate beasts!

The other members of the Dragon Palace were either improving their strength or preparing for the Dragon Palace's pet auction two months later!

Now that the Dragon Palace had more resources, the speed of improvement was terrifying!

Ao crab had the combat strength of an immortal King Level 6. The entire devouring dragon race had a population of 100,000!

Among them, there were about 100 who had the combat strength of an immortal king or above. The rest all had the combat strength of a god Lord! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The number of immortal king experts in the Dragon Palace had now reached 150. The rest were all members with the combat strength of an immortal king level 5 or above!

The strength of the Dragon Palace was getting stronger and stronger!

Two months passed slowly. It had been a year since Wang Xian arrived in this starry sky!

"Phew, I've finally tamed them!"

After two months without rest, Wang Xian had finally tamed four to five hundred thousand desolate beasts!

He heaved a heavy sigh of relief. With a move of his body, he went straight to the dragon throne in the Dragon King Palace and sat down!

"Xiao Xian, thank you for your hard work!"

Hu Yan Er and Ling Jian 'er walked over and massaged his shoulders as they said with a smile!

"It's fine, it's fine!"

Wang Xian gently patted their hands. Two months of sleepless nights was not the least bit tiring for the Immortal Godly King!

Even if he did not sleep or rest for decades or centuries, there was not much of a problem!

However, taming desolate beasts still required mental effort!

"Prime Minister Gui, how is the matter coming along?"

Seeing Prime Minister Gui Walk in, he leaned back on the Dragon Throne and asked!

"Dragon King, it is ready. In two days, all the factions and godly monarchs in our region will basically arrive!"

"The members of the Dragon Palace have all been upgraded. Everything is ready!"

Prime Minister GUI reported with a Smile!

"Alright, the sales will be held as usual in two days!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

Two days passed in the blink of an eye. The Pet Planet of the Dragon Palace, a newly named Planet of the Dragon Palace, was located not far from the East Pool Planet!

Today, the entire East pool planet was in a state of depression. This was something that had never happened before!

And at the teleportation formation, there were countless people lining up to teleport!

The leaders and warriors of the various organizations led their disciples, at a glance, there were a few hundred undying emperor level warriors!

A few hundred undying emperor level warriors at a glance? What kind of concept was that?

The surrounding 100,000 life planets, all the Undying Emperor level warriors added together, there were only a few thousand!

With just a glance at the few hundred, one could imagine how many emperors would arrive!

"So many people!"

"Yeah, there are so many God emperors!"

"There are actually so many people, so many warriors!"

Behind the teleportation formation, 4 girls followed behind the tens of God lords, looking around, their faces filled with shock and shock as they exclaimed!

"Hehe, you should know that this is the Dragon Palace's pet auction. It's held on a single planet. Do you know about the Dragon Palace? Do you know about the Dragon King?"

"Look at how weak you are. Where did you come from?"

Suddenly, a girl heard their exclamations and raised her head slightly. She said disdainfully as if she was showing off her superiority!

"We naturally know about the dragon palace, we naturally know about the dragon king, we've seen him before..."

"AH, did you see him on the AI, Haha, The Dragon King is an undying god King Warrior, why don't you all take a look at yourselves?"? The Dragon King's underlings all have undying level 5 warriors, even the weakest are at the eternal God Lord Level!"

A girl heard the girl's words and saw her arrogance, saying unhappily!

However, before she could finish her words, the girl beside her swept a disdainful glance at them, filled with ridicule!

"You..."

The faces of the four girls flushed red!

"Alright, Xiao Yue, what do you have to say to those ignorant little girls? They have entered the teleportation array!"

At the position beside the girl, a young man swept a glance at the four girls and said with disregard!

"Hehe, that's true!"

The girl smiled and nodded. She raised her head slightly and stepped into the teleportation formation!

"We won't bother with them. Teacher told us to come here, HMPH!"

The four girls pouted and stepped into the teleportation formation as well!

"Weng!"

The scene flashed and they arrived at a huge square!

In front of the square was an incomparably huge picture of a divine dragon.

Ten thousand meters large dragon overlooking this piece of sky, full of invincible momentum!