Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2514: The 2514 battle pet auction was about to begin again

"What a majestic image of the Divine Dragon!"

"That's right, just a single sculpture already possesses such a powerful aura!"

The four female students stared at the entire square with slightly widened eyes!

"The four girls, follow behind. There are more people here. Let's go to the front. The battle pet auction is at the front!"

An elder in front said to the four of them!

"Yes Dean!"

They quickly followed behind and walked forward!

"That's the North Sky God King, he hasn't established any power, he has the strength of an undying king level 3, he's extremely powerful, I didn't expect him to come today!"

"That's the Sky Cloud Undying Empire, the sky cloud god Emperor and the body princes are here too!"

"That's the eternal group, the chairman and the upper echelon of the eternal group are here too!"

Around them, cries of shock could be heard, the 4 girls stared wide eyed, scanning the surroundings from time to time!

They had gotten some information about the 100,000 planets from their AI, looking at the legendary figures, they were filled with shock!

These God dynasties and God kings were just like the legendary figures!

"Our teacher is so powerful now!"

At the same time, the four of them looked at each other, full of pride and Joy!

With their insignificant background, it was a huge opportunity for them to have such a teacher to pay attention to them!

"The sales field is up ahead. I heard that this time, there will be hundreds of millions of people in the sales field!"

"I wonder how many battle pets will be sold this time, I hope I can get one!"

Some people discussed softly!

Very quickly, countless people gathered at the entrance!

A huge dragon shaped arch, two rows of dragon palace members stood there!

They held weapons, every one of them at least at Eternal God Lord Level 5!

There were a total of 5,000 Dragon Palace Guards!

At the very front of the guards, there were 15 undyings on each side of the Dragon Palace Guards!

"Hiss, 30 undyings guarding the entrance, what power is This!"

"So strong, this is just the tip of the Dragon Palace's power!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

All the powers and warriors that came felt their hearts tremble, the surrounding conversations became much quieter!

The group walked in with reverence!

"My God, this... war pets, so many war pets!"

"Crazy, crazy, look ahead, look ahead, there are all undying emperor war pets, there are 80 of them, a total of 80!"

"80 undying Emperor War Pets are all for sale, damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn, the 5 war pets in the center are all undying Emperor Level 4 war pets!"

"The Undying Emperor Level 4 battle pets are all for sale in the Dragon Palace, and there are a total of 4 of them, this... this..."

Right at this time, shocking voices came from the front!

The group of people who were preparing to enter froze!

"What? 80 undying Emperor Battle Pets, how is this possible!"

"Undying Emperor Level 4 battle pets? Hiss, such level of desolate beasts, they can destroy our planet!"

"ARE YOU SERIOUS, five undying level 4 battle pets, this... just these 80 battle pets alone can sweep through 100,000 of our planets!"

All the powers, all the Warriors, all of them were extremely shocked!

They knew that the Dragon Palace was very strong, but they never expected it to be so strong!

80 undying level 4 battle pets, was this against the heavens?

5 undying level 4 warpets, not to mention 5, back in the East Li Undying Empire, an undying level 4 warrior was enough to make them invincible in this region!

Now the warpets sold by the Dragon Palace were enough to destroy all of them!

At this moment, all the undying emperors trembled!

With such strength, which power could withstand it?

"Not only 80 undying warpets, there are also 400,000 to 500,000 eternal god Lord Level Warpets!"

From the front, another shocked voice resounded!

The Eternal God lords in this world were already considered powerful warriors, however the Dragon Palace had sold 400,000 to 500,000 of them!

This...

Other than shock, there was deep respect!

The Dragon Palace was invincible!

A thought appeared in the minds of all the warriors, their expressions changed!

"Dragon King, the Dragon King has appeared!"

At this moment, the first group of people who came in were slightly shocked when they saw a young man walking over!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

They quickly bowed and greeted Wang Xian!

Behind them, the group of people heard the voice and also quickly bowed!

"Everyone, take a look at your battle pets first. There are some things that we can talk about when we're Done!"

Wang Xian smiled at them and waved his hand casually!

"Yes, yes, Dragon King!"

The group of people continued to walk in with smiles on their faces!

"This is the Dragon King. He's so handsome. He's much more handsome than the one on the brain!"

Behind them, four girls followed the flow of people and walked in!

At this moment, a familiar voice came from the side!

They turned around and saw that it was the woman from not long ago!

"What are you looking at? You've seen the Dragon King Spiritual Master now, right? In the future, you four girls can brag to the others, Humph!"

The woman noticed the gazes of the four people and raised her head slightly as she said indifferently!

"Let's go, let's go find the Dragon King!"

At this moment, the principal of Xuantian Academy turned around and said to the four girls, glancing at the Woman!

"En, en!"

The four girls ignored the girl and immediately followed behind!

"En?"

She was slightly stunned and looked at them in astonishment. "A person from a small place actually wants to talk to the Dragon King. Do you have the right? Don't you look in the mirror... this..."

As she said this, her body soon froze!

She looked at the position in front of her in shock!

There, the Dragon King was talking with the elders just now. Soon, the Dragon King touched the heads of the four girls!

This made her eyes widen and full of disbelief!

"Those people should be from the Tianze continent. The Palace of the Dragon Palace Master Is There Now!"

"Who are those four girls? They seem to have a good relationship with the Dragon King?"

"They seem to be the four students that the Dragon King taught casually before he rose to power. Although they are not considered disciples, those four girls have already made a meteoric rise!"

"Not only have they made a meteoric rise, even the divine sons and princes of the powerful forces can not compare to them with just this identity. The Divine King has to be polite to the four girls of the Divine Realm!"

Voices of discussion came from the surroundings!

All the forces had to think of ways to please the Dragon King. As for those who were closer to the Dragon King, they naturally had to ask around to prevent them from dying without knowing how!

"How is this possible!"

Incredulous exclamations came from her mouth!

"Yue, go apologize to the four girls later. You must get their forgiveness. Otherwise, we won't be able to protect you!"

At this moment, an old man in front of her suddenly stared at her and said with a dark face!

That Woman's heart turned cold!

Her body trembled!