Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2515: The 2515 battle pets sales conference started once again

"The four of you are not bad. You have already lit up six wisps of divine fire!"

At the square of the Dragon Palace's sales conference, Wang Xian patted the heads of the four girls!

Speaking of which, the four of them were considered to be Wang Xian's real students. He had also imparted the curse inheritance to them!

Now that he had lit up six wisps of divine fire in a year's time, he could be considered to be very talented!

Of course, this was also due to the Xuan heaven domain's efforts in nurturing Wang Xian after he left!

Now, the status of the four girls in the Xuan Heaven Domain was much higher than those descendants of the Xuan Heaven Domain!

"This is all because of teacher. However, we have still embarrassed teacher!"

The four of them lowered their heads with slightly red faces and whispered!

"Bring them to the resting place and give them the four fruits!"

Wang Xian waved at a civil official of the Dragon Palace and said!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The civil official immediately nodded respectfully!

Wang Xian called the four students over. His main purpose was to give each of them a normal-fetus fruit!

Now that there were many such fruits in the Dragon Palace, he might as well give them to the four of them!

After all, the four girls were his students!

After chatting with Commander Xuan and the others for a while, Wang Xian looked around!

At this moment, everyone had arrived in the square. There were about a hundred million people!

He glanced around and saw that there were more than a thousand immortal king level powerhouses among them!

More than a thousand immortal king level powerhouses had arrived. After all, there were many immortal king level powerhouses who needed to guard a place and could not leave without permission!

Other than the undyings, the rest were mostly god Lord Warriors, the God level warriors here all had decent backgrounds!

A group of warriors gathered around the war pets, their eyes burning as they watched!

"The Dragon Palace War Pets are sold at the same price as before, it's very cheap, but we still can't afford it!"

"There are 5 Level 4 undying war pets, even if we go bankrupt, we still can't afford it!"

"I used to think that we had a lot of resources, but now... We can't afford them!"

In the center, over 10 undying level 3 warriors stood there!

They were the leaders of the 4 level forces, they were considered very powerful in this region!

However looking at the battle pets before them, their eyes gleamed, they couldn't afford them!

An undying level 4 battle pet, even if he went bankrupt, he wouldn't be able to afford it!

After all, this was a battle pet that was even stronger than them!

"Forget it, let's go look at the other god Emperor battle pets, gritting our teeth we can buy an undying level 3 battle pet!"

"These 5 battle pets, I reckon no one in our region can afford them!"

The leaders of the few factions shook their heads helplessly and walked to the side!

Wang Xian looked over and frowned slightly!

Can't afford them?

"They really can't afford them. A level four immortal King War Pet is worth a lot in the entire resplendent district!"

Wang Xian mumbled and shook his head speechlessly!

He was thinking of increasing his strength by selling these war pets. Now, it seemed like it was too late!

"No one can afford this region, looks like I'll have to go to other regions to sell, but I don't know about the other regions either!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He was deep in thought!

In this region, the Dragon Palace had already become a king, the upper limit had already been reached, if he wanted to quickly increase his strength, he would need to enter a stronger region!

However now the Dragon Palace needed to settle down, to go to a stronger region, it would take at least a year!

"Dragon King, all the eternal god-level battle pets have been sold. There are five immortal god-level battle pets that have not been sold. The rest have been sold!"

An hour later, Prime Minister Gui walked over and reported to Wang Xian!

"Are there only five immortal god-level level four battle pets left?"

Wang Xian mumbled. It was as he had expected!

They could grit their teeth and buy level 3 immortal King War Pets. However, Level 4 immortal King War Pets were not something that these factions could afford!

"In an hour, we will invite all the factions!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

Today, not only was the Dragon Palace's War Pet Sales Conference, the Dragon Palace also had something to announce!

Soon, everyone learned that the Dragon Palace had invited all the factions and godly monarch experts!

The factions weren't too surprised by this. After all, the Dragon Palace was the new king, so they naturally had some new rules!

They were a little more relaxed about the dragon palace. They had also investigated some news, and the Dragon King wasn't that overbearing!

"Everyone, please take a seat!"

An hour later, in an even more luxurious plaza beside the Dragon Palace's Battle Pets Store!

Tables and chairs were placed neatly. There was even a lot of food on them!

Wang Xian sat upright on the dragon chair at the very front!

Powerhouses from various factions came in one after another. They cupped their hands at Wang Xian and sat in front of the tables and chairs at the side!

Over a thousand immortal godly king powerhouses had all arrived!

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When everyone had arrived, a few powerhouses took the lead and stood up. They greeted Wang Xian respectfully!

"Everyone, please take a seat. There's no need to be so formal. The reason why I've invited all of you here today is to discuss a few things and announce a few things!"

"I won't beat around the bush. The Dragon Palace has announced that in this area, there are more than 100,000 human planets that are recruiting aquatic creatures as disciples. They are only recruiting members of the aquatic species. I hope all of you can cooperate and inform them on Your Planet!"

Wang Xian waved his hand at everyone and said with a smile!

"Dragon King, we promise to complete such a small matter!"

The group of forces immediately spoke up!

"Hehe, thank you very much, everyone!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded. He raised his wine glass and gestured to everyone!

The group of experts immediately raised their wine glasses!

"Secondly, there is one more thing that we need to cooperate with all of you. Of course, it doesn't matter if all of you agree or not. Our Dragon Palace is active in the ocean, and the various planets only occupy the ocean!"

"We want to enter the ocean of all the planets and establish the Dragon Palace there. Of course, once we enter this planet, we will help you to guard the planets and eliminate external threats!"

Following that, Wang Xian began to talk to the other forces!

According to the Dragon Palace's plan, the Dragon Palace would enter the ocean of all the planets and assist the land forces of this planet to guard the planets together!

If there were any external threats, the Dragon Palace would destroy them!

Those planets that were not threatened by the desolate beasts, the dragon palace was willing to exchange the land of the existing planets with them!

The planets that the East Li Undying Dynasty had previously controlled, the 100 planets controlled by the Iron Blood Alliance were all relatively good planets in this region!

Of course, the Dragon Palace also guaranteed that they would never get involved in their affairs!

After talking like this for more than an hour, the various powers all happily agreed!

This situation was also a combination with the Dragon Palace. Even though the other powers would not interfere in the invasion of the Dragon Palace, at least if there were desolate beasts invading, the Dragon Palace would help!