Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2516: 2516’s terrifying development speed

"There are 80 undyings at the Dragon Palace Pet Sales Convention, 5 Eternal God Lord Level 4 pets, 400,000 to 500,000 eternal God Lord Pets!"

"The Dragon Palace's strength is unfathomable, none of the powers can afford 5 undyings level 4 pets!"

"The various powers have reached an agreement with the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace will build their palaces on various planets, the Dragon Palace will guard the planets with the other powers to defend against the desolate beasts!"

"The Dragon Palace's battle pet sales will have over a thousand undying godly monarchs present. From this, one can see the majesty of the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace!"

After the Dragon Palace's battle pet sales ended, all sorts of information began to spread on the AI!

Over 100,000 planets, countless people, there were only over a hundred million people who could come. Most of them did not have the qualifications to come!

When they saw the information on the AI, everyone's faces were filled with shock!

They were shocked by the Dragon Palace's strength and terror!

They were also shocked that the Dragon Palace would occupy the ocean of their planet and fight against the desolate beasts together with them!

This also caused many people on many planets to reveal extremely excited expressions!

With the Dragon Palace's strength, if the Dragon Palace helped them fight against the desolate beasts and the threats from the outside world, then they would not have to face the threat of death at all times!

Many people celebrated on the AI, many people thanked the Dragon King for his help!

Other than these few things, there was another thing that caused countless water race fey beasts with the bloodline of the water race to boil!

The Dragon Palace would recruit disciples, and once they crossed the Dragon Gate, they would become disciples of the Dragon Palace!

What was the concept of becoming a disciple of the Dragon Palace?

The weakest person in the dragon palace was no weaker than an eternal god Lord level five, how terrifying was that?

However, this news disappointed many humans because the dragon palace only recruited aquatic creatures!

This time, it was a feast for aquatic creatures. After the forces of the planets announced that the Dragon Palace was recruiting disciples, countless aquatic creatures rushed toward the Tianze continent!

The number of aquatic demon beasts on some planets might not be many, but the number of aquatic creatures on more than 100,000 planets was absolutely terrifying!

There were at least 100 billion of them!

Every day, more than a billion aquatic demon beasts entered the Tianze continent and wanted to jump through the Dragon Gate!

Every creature that jumped through the Dragon Gate cheered excitedly!

As long as they jumped through the Dragon Gate, they could soar into the sky!

More than 100 billion aquatic demon beasts jumped through the Dragon Gate every day. Even if there was only one among hundreds of thousands or millions of them, the number of the Dragon Palace had been greatly increased!

In just a short 10 days, the new members of the Dragon Palace had increased by 100,000!

And right now, it was still increasing at the rate of a few thousand every day!

And because the Dragon Palace had just sold a large number of war pets, they didn't lack resources at all!

All the members were increasing rapidly, the members that joined, evolving their dragon species, increasing their strength!

Over 70 undying God king war pets, if they were exchanged for undying god King corpses, it would be a few thousand!

These resources caused the Dragon Palace's undying fighters to grow crazily!

Of course, many of the powers that bought warpets paid with God Stones!

Because there weren't that many pills left!

The one time the Dragon Palace sold their warpets, it caused the price of the pills in this region to rise by 20% !

During this time, the Dragon Palace began to build their palaces on many planets!

There were more than 100,000 planets, and the consumption of Metal God stones was also terrifying!

However, the current Dragon Palace could afford it!

In the following period of time, the Dragon Palace was developing rapidly!

Wang Xian also spent a month to help the people who bought war pets to tame them!

After that, they went to the planets to build the Dragon Palace!

The other members of the Dragon Palace helped to eliminate the threats from the planets!

During this period of time, this region had witnessed the power of the Dragon Palace!

There were over 20 undying god King desolate beasts on a planet, humans could only struggle on this planet!

When the Dragon King Warrior arrived, within a day, over 20 undying god King desolate beasts were killed, the remaining 10 escaped into space!

The Dragon Palace helped clear the outer dangers of the planets, hence the dragon palace obtained large amounts of treasures and resources from the desolate beasts!

Every day, a member of the Dragon Palace would raise his strength to undying god King!

Sometimes, there were even two or three!

Half a year later, the Dragon Palace's pressure completely covered the 100,000 planets!

Everyone knew the name of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

"Phew, the construction of the hundreds of thousands of dragon palaces is finally completed. It's not a loss at all. Every time a dragon palace is built, there will be a reward from the system. Finally, the construction of the Dragon Palace doesn't require any resources!"

Wang Xian opened his mouth and looked at the various treasures in the mother nest. He couldn't help but laugh!

I should return to the Dragon Palace in the Tianze continent

Wang Xian thought to himself. With a move of his body, he disappeared from the Dragon Palace instantly!

The moment he returned, Wang Xian realized that the entire dragon palace was much livelier!

He looked at his attributes and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

The number of members in the Dragon Palace had already reached 350,000. Including the number of devouring dragons, there was a total of 450,000!

"Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui sensed the arrival of Wang Xian and immediately shouted respectfully!

"HMM, what's the current situation of the Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian smiled as he asked!

"Dragon King, in the past half a year, the members of the Dragon Palace have helped the various planets to eliminate countless desolate beasts. The outside world has stabilized and the number of members of the Dragon Palace has reached 350,000. The weakest one has the combat strength of an eternal God Lord at level five!"

"Apart from that, the immortal god King of the Dragon Palace has broken through 1,000!"

Prime Minister Gui said excitedly!

"Over 1,000?"

When Wang Xian heard that, he revealed an excited expression!

The main reason why he was able to improve so quickly was to help the various planets to clean up the desolate beasts!

The current strength of the Dragon Palace could be considered pretty good even if it was placed in this starry sky!

It could be considered a second-rate force!

"I'll rest for a period of time!"

He muttered to himself. The Dragon Palace still needed to settle down!

"Oh right, Prime Minister Gui, how's the investigation of the starry sky across from the Lorman Desolate Beast Park going?"

Wang Xian looked at Prime Minister Gui beside him and asked!

"Dragon King, we have some understanding of it. We spent money to buy a planet there and we can teleport there directly!"

"That planet can be used as a base for our dragon palace to enter that space in the future. However, you may have to go there personally to sell the five immortal godly King War Pets!"

Prime Minister Gui said to him!

"Forget it, I won't go there for the time being. I'll see if I can make a move on those five war pets!"

Wang Xian shook his head. He was not planning to enter that space for the time being!

He had the contact information of a powerful faction. He could ask the other party if they wanted to buy them!

"It's the Dragon King. I'll handle the matter then!" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Prime Minister Gui left respectfully!

Wang Xian took out his artificial intelligence and sent a message to the national advisor of the Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

According to the information on the artificial intelligence, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was a second-rate faction. It was also the only powerful faction in the region that Wang Xian knew of!

If the other party purchased war pets, it would save him a lot of time. Furthermore, he wanted the other party to help him purchase some elixirs!