Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2517: 2517 chaotic tiger demon country

Chaotic Tiger Demon Country was located in the southern star system!

The Emperor Star Field was a large region that was divided into nine galaxies, three universe small islands, and a large central island!

The region where Wang Xian was currently located belonged to the edge of the southern star system while chaotic tiger demon country was located at the center of the Southern Star System!

In the Emperor Star Field, the universe small islands belonged to the central region of the Emperor Star Field while the central universe large islands occupied by the imperial court belonged to the core!

Chaotic Tiger Demon Country was an undying dynasty with Sky Demons as the main force. It was considered average among second rate powers, and was considered an overlord in the central region of the star South Galaxy!

Recently, all the citizens of chaotic tiger demon country could feel a joyous atmosphere!

Be it the emperor's orders or some benefits, they all surprised many citizens!

The divine palace of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom was located in a Grand Canyon. At the entrance, there were two enormous statues of a roaring tiger!

The statues covered an area of ten kilometers and were extremely majestic!

In an imperial study in the Divine Palace of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, a refined-looking middle-aged man was sitting next to a burly elder with the word 'king'carved on his forehead. The two of them were chatting with smiles on their faces!

"HM?"

At this time, the middle aged man sensed the information on the AI, seeing the name displayed on it, he was slightly stunned!

He immediately opened it and when he saw the contents, his face was filled with shock!

"Foster brother, what's the matter?"

The old man beside saw the expression of the chaotic tiger demon country's national advisor and asked!

"Brother Tiger, it's that Dragon King's information, the leader of a force we met in the Luo er man desolate beast park back then!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The imperial tutor immediately said to the old man!

"Oh? The one you mentioned, the Dragon King with six undying level 5 underlings? They are at the edge of the star South Galaxy, to have such power, it's a little unexpected!"

The old man nodded slightly, saying!

"Brother Hu, this Dragon King's power may be even stronger than we thought. He sent me a message, asking if the tiger chaotic demon country wants Battle Pets, he has five undying level 4 battle pets for Sale!"

The National Advisor's eyes gleamed as he said!

"5 Undying Level 4 battle pets? This... looks like this dragon king isn't simple!"

The old man raised his eyebrows!

"Brother Hu, do we want these battle pets?"

The National Advisor asked!

"Yes, of course we do. Grandpa Yi is about to break through, when we hold a celebration, we naturally have to show off our Tiger Chaos Undying Empire's might and strength. Undying Level 4 battle pets are extremely rare in our region!"

"When the time comes, we will use the level 4 immortal king level desolate beast as a beast to show off our might!"

The old man immediately said!

"Alright, I will bring some people there and make friends with them!"

The imperial preceptor nodded and immediately replied!

The old man beside him nodded with a smile on his face!

"Oh, I have the intention to buy it. It will be here in a few days!"

Within the Dragon Palace of Tian Ze continent, Wang Xian saw the reply from the national advisor of the Chaotic Tiger Demon Empire, and a smile appeared on his face!

As long as they bought it, he could raise his strength!

Furthermore, with the resources he needed to raise his strength, it would be enough to sell an undying level 4 warpet!

The rest of the resources could increase the combat strength of the Dragon Palace by at least 23 undying level 5 warpets!

It could increase the high-end combat strength of the Dragon Palace by a huge margin!

"Reporting to Dragon King, there are two people outside requesting an audience. One is a veiled girl and the other is a woman!"

At this moment, a Yaksha came in and reported to Wang Xian!

"Oh? Are they here?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and flew out!

At the same time, in the sky above the Dragon Palace, Di Xingnu and Auntie Ying were looking at the Dragon Palace below with curiosity!

This was their first time coming to the Dragon Palace!

Looking at the huge palace that stood at the bottom of the sea, they were filled with astonishment!

"Welcome, Beautiful Star Lady!"

Wang Xian flew out and said with a smile when he saw the two of them!

"Don't talk about such useless things. You said that you would upgrade the towering snake to immortal king level 4 or even level 5 within one to two years. Now, you want me to remind you that you want me to come here personally!"

The Imperial Star Lady looked at Wang Xian unhappily and said!

"I've been too busy recently. Let's go. Follow me in. I'll help you raise your level now!"

Wang Xian smiled and gestured for them to enter the Dragon Palace!

"HM?"

The moment they stepped into the Dragon Palace, the two of them could sense the law energy in the palace!

Their eyes were wide open and filled with shock!

"This... This is the reason why you can improve so quickly, Dragon King?"

Aunt Ying looked around and could not help but ask!

In such a place, the grotto-heaven and blessed land in the imperial court were far from it!

"Such rich law energy. No wonder you guys can improve so quickly. One day of cultivation here is equivalent to one year in the outside world!"

Emperor Star Lady opened her mouth slightly, her eyes gleaming!

In the past half a year, they had been living in seclusion within the Black Forest God mansion, however they were very concerned about the Dragon Palace!

Especially in this half a year, they had been able to get all sorts of information from their AI!

They could clearly feel that the dragon palace was pressuring the entire area at a terrifying speed!

According to their judgment, there were no less than 200 immortal king level powerhouses in the Dragon Palace!

200 immortal king level powerhouses were considered strong even among second-rate forces!

The improvement of the Dragon Palace was too terrifying!

"Hehe, release the Chu Chu snake. I will be able to increase its level in the next few days!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to her!

"Alright, do you still have a place to stay? We will stay here from now on!"

Di Xingnu narrowed her eyes and said!

"Alright, I have invited you to be my guest. I will arrange for someone to bring you there later!"

Wang Xian didn't mind it. They had Yan Qingyue and the rest. Helping them and letting them stay here was a small matter!

"Thank you!"

Di Xingnu smiled at Wang Xian. This guy had finally done something useful!

Wang Xian smiled and brought the towering snake to the dragon transformation pool. He used the dragon blood and some treasures to help it improve!

"Grandpa National Advisor, take a look at the information of the artificial intelligence in this area. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is the king of this area!"

Two days later, dozens of figures appeared in front of the Iron Blood Alliance!

One of the girls took out her artificial intelligence and browsed through the information of this area. She said in slight astonishment!

"With their strength, it's not surprising for them to be the king of this area!"

The Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor looked around and took out his artificial intelligence to send a message to Wang Xian. "Let me inform that Dragon King!"

"Let's go to a planet in front. The other party will be coming to pick us up soon!"

Soon, the Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon received the message and said to the people around him!