Chapter 2518: 2518 for sale

"Is he here yet? He's Fast!"

After Wang Xian received the message, he moved and immediately arrived in front of the teleportation formation of the Dragon Palace!

Buzz

Soon, his figure appeared in the Ocean Dragon Palace, a planet of the Iron Blood Alliance!

Now, there were dragon palaces in the ocean of the hundred planets!

If Wang Xian wanted to arrive here, he had to be fast!

At the same time, there were 10 dragon guards following beside Wang Xian!

When dealing with another powerful force, the Dragon Palace naturally had to show some strength to let the other party know about the Dragon Palace's Heritage!

This was also a form of respect for them!

The 10 Dragon Guards, Ao Jian, and the rest had combat strength at level four and level three immortal King!

Swoosh

Flying out of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian's Yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes swept across and landed on dozens of people!

"Haha, Welcome, Imperial Preceptor!"

Wang Xian laughed out loud and greeted the group of people!

"You're too kind. Dragon King, you're very fast. I just sent you a message!"

Imperial preceptor of heaven demon smiled and walked over to shake hands with Wang Xian!

His eyes swept across Ao Jian and the rest, and his eyes sparkled!

"Since we have friends who came from afar, we will naturally welcome them as soon as possible. Let's go. This time, our Dragon Palace will treat everyone well!"

Wang Xian said with a smile and made an inviting gesture!

"Alright, Alright. Dragon King, you can lead the way. There's no need to be so polite!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor smiled and everyone followed closely behind!

"He's so young. According to the A.I. , the Dragon King might be very young. Not long ago, there was a person called invincible in battle who reached the Immortal Godly King realm before the age of 1,000 years old. I heard that he's the Dragon King's Underling!"

At this moment, the girl who was following behind the Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor said softly!

"An immortal king who is less than 1,000 years old? That's impossible, right?"

A middle-aged man beside him said in disbelief!

"He has an extraordinary bloodline. That's why he could reach the immortal king level before the age of 1,000 years old!"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the tiger-tailed girl beside him, he replied with a smile on his face!

"An extraordinary bloodline? Did he really reach the immortal King realm before the age of 1,000 years old? This bloodline should be very terrifying!"

The Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon was also interested and asked!

"Yes, it's a very powerful bloodline. However, I don't know which Big Force has taken it away!"

Wang Xian nodded and replied!

Ever since invincible battle technique left, he had not contacted him anymore!

"He's your little brother. How Old Are You, Dragon King?"

The girl asked with great interest!

"Not as old as you!"

Wang Xian glanced at the girl and said with a smile!

"TSK, pretending to be young!"

The girl pursed her lips!

"Lingya, how can you talk like that!"

The Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon glared at the girl and shouted softly at her!

"It's fine, it's fine!"

Wang Xian shook his head with a smile!

"Hehe, Grandpa Imperial Preceptor, look at the Dragon King. He's also the leader of a region. He's not as cold as you guys. Maybe it's just as the A.I. said, you're still young!"

Hu Lingya said to the Imperial preceptor and smiled at Wang Xian!

"Alright, Lingya, stop talking!"

An elder beside her patted her head!

"Everyone, follow me!"

After leading them into the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian followed them directly to the Dragon Palace on Planet East Lake through the teleportation formation!

The Dragon Palace on Planet East Lake was a level 6 Dragon Palace. It was not inferior to some powerful immortal God realms!

However, there were not many members of the Dragon Palace Here!

Buzz

"Imperial preceptor, these are five level 4 immortal god King War Pets. You can take a look!"

After entering the Dragon Palace on East Lake Planet, Wang Xian waved his arm and five battle pets appeared in front of him!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Among the five level 4 immortal king level battle pets, two of them were blood-winged horses!

They let out a low roar and looked at Wang Xian in awe!

"HM? Blood-winged horses, Level 4 immortal king level blood-winged horses. These are top-grade mounts and are extremely rare!"

The people from the chaotic tiger demon country looked at the five battle pets, their gazes landing on the blood wing horse!

The stronger the desolate beast, the bigger it was, a few thousand meters was considered normal!

Even though desolate beasts could change in size, but in actual combat, they were still the strongest in their original form!

The blood wing horse was 100 meters in size, amongst the undying emperor desolate beasts, it was considered the smallest!

Furthermore, it was the most suitable to be used as a mount or a beast chaser!

"As for the price, I'll calculate it according to what I've given you. It's a little lower than the market price over there!"

Wang Xian said to the imperial preceptor!

"Sure, our chaotic tiger demon country will take these war pets. Next, we'll have to trouble the Dragon King to help us tame them!"

The Imperial preceptor looked at the five war pets and said!

"Alright, there's one thing. I wonder if the National Master can help us!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and said immediately!

"Oh? What is it? As long as we can do it, we won't refuse!"

The national master nodded immediately!

"I have a lot of divine stones in my hands. I want to buy some elixirs. I wonder if the National Master can help me buy them from the center of the Southern Star System!"

"Of course, I can give you some rewards. Furthermore, there are no restrictions on the types of elixirs you can purchase. Any kind of elixirs will do!"

Wang Xian said!

"Oh? Buying elixirs is easy. It's a small matter. As long as you trust us, Dragon King, I will inform the Celestial Empire in a while. They will be able to deliver them in a few days!"

The Imperial preceptor nodded his head!

"Thank you very much. I will get someone to prepare some food and treat everyone well!"

Wang Xian smiled and gestured to a dragon guard beside him!

"Wow, Dragon King, Your Dragon Palace has actually sold more than a hundred immortal god King warpets and 400,000 to 500,000 god Lord warpets. This is amazing!"

"Do you still have any eternal God Lord warpets? I want to buy one too!"

At this moment, the Tiger Spirit shoot at the side let out a cry of surprise and said to Wang Xian!

"What?"

When the rest of the people heard her words, they were shocked!

More than 100 immortal God King War Pets? How could this be possible?

"A god Lord Level War Pet? There's one here that's suitable for a girl!"

Wang Xian looked at her and waved his arm. A two-meter-wide fiery-red bird appeared at the side!

"Red-eyed Chao Tianque, now that you're an eternal God Lord Level Five, you can grow to the peak of God Lord level. I'll give it to you!"

Wang Xian said generously to her!

"Wow, really. Dragon King, you're the best!"

Hu Lingya looked at the fiery-red and beautiful war pet and her eyes lit up as she said excitedly!

"Really!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"You Little Girl, why aren't you thanking Dragon King? !"

At the side, the imperial preceptor of heaven demon gradually recovered from his shock. He looked at Hu Lingya and patted her head!

"Hehe, thank you, Dragon King!"

Hu Lingya immediately thanked him and looked at the war pet in front of her with a face full of joy!

"Dragon King, don't mind her. This girl isn't afraid of anyone!"

The Imperial preceptor of heaven demon said helplessly!

"She's pretty cute. Let's go and taste the delicacies here!"

Wang Xian shook his head and led them out!