Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2519: 2519 was sold and befriended

Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor and the rest were both guests and customers. Wang Xian brought them to East Lake Planet for some delicious food before arranging them to stay at the Dragon Palace on East Lake Planet!

A level six dragon palace could already be considered a paradise!

Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor and the rest were very satisfied with Wang Xian's reception. After receiving the divine stones from Wang Xian, they immediately informed chaotic tiger demon nation to purchase a large number of elixirs!

The number of divine stones in Wang Xian's hands was not a small amount. These divine stones were enough to exchange for a large number of resources!

Following that, Wang Xian began to help the experts from the chaotic tiger demon nation tame five desolate beasts!

"Imperial Preceptor Grandpa, this dragon king is so powerful. Look at the information on the artificial intelligence. TSK TSK, it seems to be even more powerful than our chaotic Tiger Immortal Empire!"

At the place where the people from the Tiger Chaos Demon Country lived, Tiger Spirit Bud was looking through all sorts of information about the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King, saying with a shocked expression!

"HM, he is very powerful, his rise is very fast!"

Heaven Demon Grand Tutor nodded, he was also slightly shocked!

These two days, he had also looked at the information on the AI in this area, he was also slightly shocked at the power of the Dragon Palace!

He was also filled with curiosity and surprise towards the Dragon King!

Powerful Beast taming ability!

Strange array formation that trapped the godly monarch!

Powerful members of the Dragon Palace!

This gave him a rough understanding of this faction!

"Lord Imperial Preceptor!"

At this moment, two figures walked over and greeted them respectfully!

"Well, how did it go?"

The Imperial preceptor asked them!

The two of them went out to investigate the surrounding information. Of course, the main purpose was to investigate the Dragon Palace!

"Imperial preceptor, we didn't investigate further. According to our simple investigation, the ocean of more than 100,000 life planets in this area is under the control of the Dragon Palace Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Right now, many of the powerful forces in this area feel that the Dragon Palace is an invincible existence, because they simply send some people and they are stronger than them!"

"Some people in the AI guessed that there are over 200 undying godly monarchs in the dragon palace, but some powerful forces have said that there are no less than 300 Dragon Palace Godly Monarchs!"

The two reported, their eyes filled with shock!

The Tiger Chaos Demon Country only had about 300 undying emperors!

However, there were at least 300 undying emperors in the Dragon Palace, how could they not be shocked!

"The Dragon Palace can not be underestimated, in less than a year, they have sold over 100 undying war pets, their number of undying emperors may be more than we expected!"

The imperial tutor exclaimed!

"Amazing. That Dragon King is so easy-going and energetic, but I didn't expect him to have such a powerful force!"

Tiger Spirit Bud said with some envy!

"This dragon palace is worthy of our friendship. If we have time, we can exchange more!"

The National Master muttered!

On the third day, the chaotic tiger demon nation sent over the elixirs that Wang Xian wanted to help buy. Wang Xian also helped to tame four immortal king level 4 desolate beasts!

"Thank you, Imperial preceptor. I'll have to trouble all of you this time!"

Wang Xian received all the rewards and thanked them!

"Haha, you're Welcome, Dragon King. Having more friends means more opportunities. Our Chaotic Tiger Immortal Empire is willing to become friends with the Dragon Palace!"

The Imperial preceptor laughed out loud!

"Our Dragon Palace is also willing to make this friend!"

Wang Xian extended his hand and shook it!

"Alright, Dragon King. If you have time, come to our Tiger Chaos Immortal dynasty. Let us receive you well!"

The National Master invited them!

"There should be such an opportunity!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Alright, it's a deal then. We'll be leaving first. We'll meet again in the future!"

After cupping his hands with Wang Xian, the national master led everyone away!

Wang Xian sent them flying into the sky. His figure disappeared and a smile appeared on his face!

Befriending the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was also beneficial to the Dragon Palace!

At the very least, the chaotic tiger demon nation had helped them a little this time. Furthermore, they had bought five level four Immortal King War Pets!

"This time, my strength can be improved!"

Wang Xian looked at the resources in his hands and flew straight into the Dragon Palace!

Buzz

After entering the Dragon Palace, he immediately returned to the Dragon Palace in the Tian Ze continent. Wang Xian appeared in the Dragon King Palace!

"Roar!"

He let out a soft roar and transformed into a seven-colored divine dragon. He circled in front of the dragon throne and took out some elixirs to swallow quickly!

After swallowing a large number of elixirs, Wang Xian's origin dragon energy was increasing at a terrifying speed!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for increasing your level. You have reached level nine of the Eternal Lord!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Level 9 of the Eternal Divine Lord (the sixth change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 324344/1000000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the heavens, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, Divine Dragon Tail Swing!

Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 9)

Kingdom of God: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Member of Dragon Palace: 379,844

Soon, the system's voice rang out. Wang Xian's entire body trembled and a vast dragon's might swept out in all directions!

The seven-colored law condensed into a divine dragon's phantom image and circled around his body!

Wang Xian opened his eyes. His pupils seemed to contain the starry sky and were as powerful as hell!

"Roar!"

He couldn't help but let out a low roar. His eyes were filled with excitement!

"I'm still one level away. As long as I break through to the immortal king level, I will have the strength of a level seven immortal King!"

Wang Xian looked at his attributes and smiled!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

"Crackle!"

"Ding! Congratulations, host. A new dragon seed has been born in the Dragon Palace, the Heavenly Thunder, Earth Fire Dragon and Phoenix Seed!"

At this moment, a Phoenix cry accompanied by the roar of thunder and lightning resounded throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

Following that, the system's voice rang out as well, causing Wang Xian to be slightly stunned!

"Eh? This... This Is?"

A hint of joy appeared on his face as he immediately flew towards the location of the Dragon Transformation Pool!

At this moment, two fiery-red phoenixes were circling in the sky above the dragon transformation pool. Their wings were flapping and they looked extremely beautiful!

There was a thunder dragon surrounding them, making them look more majestic and arrogant!

"Heaven, Earth, fire, Dragon and Phoenix Seeds, what is this?"

Wang Xian looked at the two phoenixes, and his eyes were sparkling!

"Xiao Xian!"

At this moment, the two phoenixes also looked at Wang Xian. They let out a sound and flew over with excited faces!

"Shu Qing, Feng Luan, you guys have evolved!"

Wang Xian went up to them and said joyfully!

"Xiao Xian, when the Dragon Palace obtained the parasol tree wood, it had a change when it interweaved with the Nirvana Lightning Tree. Together with the blood of dragons and phoenixes, we have evolved!"

"This time around, we are much stronger than before. I feel that we can fight against those who are four levels above us!"

The two girls said in surprise!

"What? Fight across four levels? This has already surpassed the peak dragon species of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. Then, a look of joy appeared on his face!