Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2520: On the 2520 Invitation Letter from the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation

The Divine Dragon clan, the strongest dragon species in the Dragon Palace, was only comparable to a pure divine dragon!

Even the berserk dragon species was only comparable to the wind divine dragon, Fire Divine Dragon, and the other seven elemental divine dragons!

However, the Divine Parasol Tree, the Nirvana Thunder Tree, and the Dragon Blood Phoenix Blood gave birth to the Heavenly Lightning Earth Fire Dragon Phoenix species!

This dragon seed was comparable to the rare dragon seed of the Divine Dragon Clan, such as the Bone Dragon, the Ice Dragon God, and some multi-attribute divine dragons!

The Bone Dragon Ice Dragon God, this kind of divine dragon, when the Divine Dragon Clan was at its glory, was very rare!

The Divine Dragon Clan's strongest five elements divine dragon, light and dark divine dragon, only had two or three!

Now, Guan Shuqing and Feng Luan's Heavenly Thunder Earth Fire Dragon Phoenix Seed, in the universe, was also the best existence!

In the past, in the entire universe, there were less than 50 beings that were stronger than these dragons. One could imagine what kind of existence they were!

"Our ability to evolve must have a lot to do with the ancestral tree!"

Feng Luan said, her face full of smiles!

In the past, it was already considered not bad for them to be able to fight one or two levels higher. Now, they had directly jumped four levels!

Their current combat strength had already reached level five immortal King!

"This is a good thing. Oh right, has the space beast, the towering snake, evolved?"

Wang Xian looked towards the side of the Dragon Transformation Pool!

"It has evolved!"

Guan Shuqing and the rest nodded their heads!

They knew about the towering snake as well. Similarly, they knew that a girl had come from their Dragon Palace!

However, Wang Xian explained in time and said that the imperial star ladies were the benefactors of Qingyue Lingxiu and the rest!

Even so, the group of girls sized him up for a long time and even said, "Are you planning to repay your kindness with your body?"?

Wang Xian was speechless at that time. He coaxed the group of girls for a long time before he was done!

"HMM, that's good!"

Wang Xian nodded his head, he looked at Feng Luan and Shuqing. "The fire Phoenix Dragon species in the past, you guys let them evolve. After they evolve, even if they can't fight four levels higher than you guys, they can still surpass three levels and become the peak dragon species of the Dragon Palace!"

"Alright, Little Xian, did your strength also improve just now?"

Guan Shuqing nodded her head!

"HMM, I'm going to improve the high-end combat strength of the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian replied. After a few more words with the two girls, he returned to the Dragon King Palace and immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui to gather all the immortal king combat strength members of the Dragon Palace!

Excluding the devouring dragon, there were about 500 immortal king combat strength members!

Wang Xian took out the resources to sell the five immortal King Combat Pets and devoured them himself to help them improve their strength!

The resources he used to raise his strength were not even worth a single immortal King War Pet. He still had enough resources for the members of the Dragon Palace to raise their strength!

In the next few days, the number of level 5 immortal king combat strength members of the Dragon Palace reached 38. Including the devouring dragon, there were a total of 45! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The only level 6 immortal King Combat Strength member was ao crab!

"Next, I need to stabilize my strength and master some formations!"

After all the members had improved, Wang Xian decided to settle down. He needed to settle down, and so did the members of the Dragon Palace!

The five clones in the five elements Millstone had the same strength as his own body. Wang Xian could also use the formations they controlled immediately!

However, this was not enough. They had to settle down and master more formations!

In the next few months, Wang Xian immersed himself in the formations every day!

In the outer world, the entire starry sky and the hundreds of thousands of planets had also calmed down. As the Dragon Palace had helped them to resolve the external threats, this area had gradually become bustling with activity!

Especially on Planet Dongchi, it was much livelier than before!

The Dragon Palace was getting stronger every day. Due to the suppression of the Dragon Palace, the tens of thousands of oceans were calm and tranquil!

The Empress Star also stayed in the Dragon Palace and refused to leave. This was because a day of cultivation in the dragon palace was almost equivalent to a year of cultivation for her!

During these days, they had also witnessed the power of the Dragon Palace. This made Auntie Ying Want to get the Empress Star to cling onto Wang Xian's thigh!

As long as they clung onto the Dragon Palace's thigh, it would definitely be of great benefit to them in the future!

And while the Dragon Palace was rapidly improving, the blazing flame divine empire was also constantly paying attention to the development of the Dragon Palace in the opposite side of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

When they saw the Dragon Palace becoming stronger and stronger, their expressions became uglier and uglier day by day!

After contacting the young master in the Central Region, that young master also fell silent and did not give a reply!

This made the blazing flame divine empire's divine emperor extremely worried. If the Dragon Palace attacked one day, how would they defend against it?

This made the inferno divine emperor somewhat nervous. He began to think of all ways to establish relations with some factions and gain the support of some more powerful factions!

Time slowly passed. Eight months passed in the blink of an eye!

These eight months were just a snap of the fingers for the starry cosmos!

"Hahaha, I've finally made a breakthrough. I've finally made a breakthrough!"

However, this period of time was a long wait for the entire chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom. They were waiting for a voice!

When this voice sounded, a towering figure floated in the sky behind the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom's divine palace!

Behind the towering elder was a white divine tiger totem. The Divine Tiger was lifelike and filled with boundless majesty!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

At this moment, the surrounding figures flew over. When they saw the towering figure in the sky, they revealed extremely excited expressions!

The tiger chaos demon country's emperor dressed in a tiger robe with the word king on his forehead clenched his fists excitedly!

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, reaching undying God King Level 7, Congratulations to the Tiger Chaos Demon Country, Congratulations to you!"

Everyone shouted excitedly!

"Hahaha!"

The old emperor laughed heartily!

"Congratulations old brother, you took a step ahead of us. Old Brother, your breakthrough is a great fortune for our entire Tiger Chaos Undying Demon Country!"

"With this upgrade, we can take a step forward. We can also kill our previous enemies with our own hands. Haha, very soon, it will be 20 million years since the founding of the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation!"

"The 20,000,000-year founding ceremony is the time for the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation to display its strength. It is also the time for everyone to be shocked!"

The two elders beside him spoke with fiery faces as they clenched their fists tightly!

"Alright, Alright, Alright. When the time comes, we will hold a banquet to shake the entire world!"

The old National Master clenched his fists tightly and roared in a low voice!

"Get Ready. This time, we will hold the 20 million grand ceremony of the founding of the dynasty. Regardless of whether we are friends or enemies, we will invite everyone over. Hehe!"

The king of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation waved his arm and commanded loudly!

"Yes!"

Everyone nodded their heads excitedly!

...

"Phew, more than half a year has passed. I have pretty much mastered all the formations!"

At the same time, at the location of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian stretched his body and muttered to himself!

In eight months, he had comprehended all eight clones at the same time. In terms of formations, he was able to trap and kill a Level 5 immortal King!

Now that there were five level 5 immortal king clones in the Five Elements Millstone, it was even more terrifying!

"It's almost time. Now that the speed of improvement of the members of the Dragon Palace has slowed down, it's time to enter the center of the Southern Star System!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

It was about time for the Dragon Palace to settle down!