Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2521: Under the 2521 invitation letter from the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation

"It has been almost two years since I came to this starry sky!"

Wang Xian stood in front of the dragon throne and looked ahead with a smile on his face!

The number of members of the Dragon Palace had reached 450,000. With the help of the devouring dragon, there were a total of 550,000 members!

It could be said to be a real army!

Wang Xian sensed the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace and revealed a satisfied expression on his face!

The ordinary army in this bright starry sky was mainly made up of god-level powerhouses!

An army made up of god-level members of the Dragon Palace was definitely not weak in this bright world!

Only a few epic-level forces were able to form an army of god-level powerhouses!

"Next, we have to enter the center of the star South star system and destroy the Inferno Immortal dynasty. We have to find out who the young master who ordered them is!"

"Also, Tian Ya..."

Emperor Star Lady and the rest had mentioned before that the organization that was chasing after Qing Yue and Ling Xiu was called Tian Ya!

After Wang Xian's understanding during this period of time, Tian Ya was a top organization in the center of the star South Galaxy. It was close to a first-rate organization!

With A Level 7 immortal King holding the fort, it had stood tall in the star South Galaxy for more than 50 million years!

According to the information available in the AI, there were more than a thousand immortal king level experts in the world's end faction!

Although the thousands of immortal king level experts were nothing to him, they were still lacking in terms of high-end combat strength!

"There's no rush. When the Dragon Palace gets stronger, when I break through to the immortal king level, it will be time for them to pay the price!"

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold glint!

He would have to pay a bloody price if he dared to bully the Delicate Green Moon!

"Reporting to the Dragon King, the emissary of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation has arrived on the East Pool Planet and sent an invitation letter!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked into the Dragon King's palace and reported to Wang Xian!

"Oh? The invitation letter from the Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned and a hint of astonishment appeared on his face!

He waved his arm and the invitation letter flew into his hand!

It was an invitation letter made of metal that looked like a godly tiger. On it was written an invitation letter to the Dragon King!

Wang Xian opened it and a line of words appeared on it!

The chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom's 20 million-year-old founding ceremony had invited the Dragon King to attend the ceremony!

Buzz Buzz

At this moment, his brain trembled. Wang Xian looked over and saw that it was a message from the imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon Kingdom!

The message was also an invitation to the 20 million-year celebration of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

"The celebration of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. There should be quite a number of forces going there. The Dragon Palace is going to establish a foothold in the southern star system in the future. We can go there and take a look!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. He looked at the date on the message and immediately gave an answer!

"Prime Minister Gui, prepare a generous gift. Let's go to the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation together and participate in their celebration!"

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui!

"Yes, Dragon King. I will go and prepare now!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head!

"This time, we can take a look at the forces in the center of the star Southern Galaxy!"

As he spoke, he immediately went to his bedroom and reported the matter of the celebration to the girls!

Wang Xian was a good man!

"Dragon King, we are ready!"

Three days later, Prime Minister Gui said respectfully to Wang Xian!

There were more than 50 people in the group. Ao Jian Dragon Guard, Ao Qi, Ao Qi, ao Qitian, and Mu Zesen, followed by a group of berserk dragon species!

The berserk dragon species that had completely broken through to the immortal king level!

Out of the 50 people, Prime Minister Gui and two civil officials were the weakest. The rest were at least level 3 immortal king level!

This time, it was an official occasion to participate in a large faction's celebration. Naturally, the Dragon Palace had to show some strength and attitude!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the crowd and nodded at Prime Minister Gui and the rest!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Everyone nodded and walked towards the teleportation formation!

"Eh? Wang Xian, where are you guys going?"

When Wang Xian and the rest passed by the dragon field, Di Xingnu, who was sparring with a few members of the Dragon Palace, saw them and asked curiously!

"I'm going to the center of the southern star system to participate in a celebration!"

Wang Xian looked at her and said directly!

"The center of the Southern Star System? Oh right, do you still need my help as the desolate beast bait in the future?"

Di Xingnu raised her eyebrows and asked!

"Not for the time being!"

Wang Xian shook his head and looked at her suspiciously. "What's the matter?"

"I'll go with you guys. I haven't appeared in public for more than a year. I'm planning to hold a small concert in the southern star system!"

"Great, let's go together!"

Celestial Lady Di immediately smiled and said!

"Wait, I need to inform Sister Yinxuan!"

Celestial Lady Di moved and left immediately!

Wang Xian looked at her and smiled!

Celestial Lady Di had stayed in the dragon palace for more than half a year. She had a pretty good relationship with the girls!

The one who had the best relationship was Tang Yinxuan. The main reason was that the two of them shared a common hobby!

Music!

Back on Earth, Tang Yinxuan was a small star who later became the Queen of the Dolphin clan!

The Dolphins on Earth possessed special bloodlines and abilities. Now that they had the divine dragon bloodline, they were even more powerful!

Especially when it came to sound waves, they had terrifying talent!

Tang Yinxuan's attainments in sound waves were also very high!

Di Xingnu was also at the level of a grandmaster when it came to music. After the two of them met, they quickly became good friends!

"Xiao Xian, I want to go with you. I want to appear in the concert that Xingnu is holding. I'm about to debut!"

Tang yinxuan walked over quickly and said to Wang Xian with a smile on her face!

Beside her, there was a group of girls!

These were the incarnations of the Dolphins. They were all pretty and beautiful!

"You Want to debut as a celebrity too..."

Wang Xian was speechless as he looked at yinxuan!

"HMPH, don't look down on sister yinxuan. She already has hundreds of billions of fans. Her singing voice is not inferior to mine!" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

At the side, the Diva saw Wang Xian's expression and snorted softly to speak up for Tang Yinxuan!

"Hehe, Sister Fengluan, Sister Shuqing, and I have already agreed that I will be a big celebrity in the future. I will be the one selling the pills and weapons that they create on the AI!"

"I want to create a super brand that belongs to us. There are many big corporations on the AI that do this!"

Tang Yinxuan said with a smile!

"Alright, Alright. In the future, I will be the strongest backing behind Big Celebrity Tang and also the number one fan of Big Celebrity Tang!"

Wang Xian walked over, rubbed her head, and said with a smile!

"Let go, there are so many people!"

Tang Yinxuan immediately opened his palm and said in a delicate voice!

"Hehe, we are an old married couple!"

Wang Xian smiled happily!

"Playboy, Scumbag!"

The Imperial Star Ladies curled their lips and said in a low voice!

"Alright, let's Go!"

As Wang Xian spoke to them, he walked toward the teleportation formation!

The teleportation formation could be directly sent to a planet purchased by the Dragon Palace at the center of the Xingnan Galaxy!