Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2522: 2522 tiger turmoil demon nation

Wang Xian and the rest flew out from the Dragon Palace in the ocean of the slightly desolate planet. They sized up their surroundings!

It was not Wang Xian's first time on this planet. The Dragon Palace here was built by himself!

There were no humans living on the desolate planet. There were not many creatures in the ocean. The main reason why the Dragon Palace was built here was to build a teleportation formation!

If they were to fly from the Tianze continent to this place, it would take at least a month. It would also take five to six days to fly from the Luoerman Desolate Beast Park!

Wang Xian and the rest hovered above the planet and immediately searched for the location of the chaotic Tiger Demon Country!

The AI was planning the route, and Wang Xian took a look!

The center of the southern star system was more prosperous than the starry sky of the Tianze Continent. They could teleport to the nearest planet!

After a few transmissions, they would arrive in a few hours!

If they were to fly, even the Undying Emperor would need a few months!

According to the AI's records, there were over a billion planets in the center of the star South Galaxy, and close to a million life planets inhabited by humans!

Even the Undying Emperor would need half a year to travel through the entire galaxy, and this was without sleep or rest!

"I've been to the star Southern Galaxy a few times. There are a total of five commercial planets here. This time, the venue for our concert is Xing Hua Planet. Xing hua planet doesn't seem to be too far away from the chaotic Tiger Demon Country!"

The Imperial Star Lady looked at the map and said!

"It will take about ten hours to fly to the nearest planet!"

Wang Xian looked at the distance and said!

"Dragon King, since you are so rich, you should buy a spaceship. This way, you don't have to travel on your own!"

The celestial maiden teased Wang Xian!

"Where is the spaceship of a superstar like you?"

Wang Xian asked her. He knew that the Celestial Maiden had a spaceship that was fast!

"My spaceship can only carry a dozen people!"

She said indifferently!

"Flying is not bad either. I can see the scenery of the universe!"

Tang Yinxuan said with a smile!

"Sister Yinxuan, you are strong because you can see the scenery, but I am different!"

Di Xingnu said enviously!

She now understood the strength of the Dragon Palace. Sister Yinxuan, who was younger than her, had the combat strength of an immortal King Level 2!

This... When she found out about it, she was extremely shocked!

"Hehe, let Little Xian help you raise your strength in the future!"

Tang Yinxuan smiled at her and the group flew towards the nearest planet!

The two girls beside them were chatting non-stop. Their chattering made the journey seem livelier!

Wang Xian smiled at the side. Yinxuan liked to sing. This time, they had found a friend who shared the same interests!

Ten hours later, they arrived on a planet and began to teleport through the teleportation formation!

After five transfers, they arrived at the planet where the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was located!

"This time, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is holding a huge ceremony. They invited many forces of different sizes!"

"After all, it's a celebration of the founding of the dynasty for 20 million years. It's very historic!"

"I heard that they even invited their old enemy, the demon Slayer sect. TSK TSK, looks like they want to intimidate the demon Slayer sect!"

"They have been enemies with the demon Slayer sect for tens of millions of years. The strength of both parties are about the same!"

As soon as they came out of the teleportation formation, the bustling sounds entered his mind. It was obviously much livelier than the previous few transit planets!

Wang Xian looked around and found that they were in a Grand Canyon among the mountains!

There were all kinds of buildings on the surrounding mountains. The buildings were slightly peculiar. It was obviously the style of the demon beasts!

At this moment, the teleportation formation was surrounded by forces from all directions. Wang Xian looked around and found that there were quite a number of powerhouses!

There were thousands of immortal god King powerhouses in the surroundings alone!

"As expected of the center of the star South Galaxy!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Please Show Us Your Invitation!"

At this moment, two middle-aged men with wings walked over and said politely!

"Here!"

Wang Xian handed over the invitation!

"Respected Dragon King, please follow us!"

The two middle-aged men saw the invitation and immediately showed an extremely respectful expression as they said respectfully!

"HMM, let's Go!"

Wang Xian looked around. Clearly, their invitation letter was slightly different from the others!

"Respected Dragon King, we will bring you to the palace of the Demon God!"

The two middle-aged men from the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom said respectfully!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

Soon, a huge bird flew over. It was about 500 meters in size!

The two soldiers from the chaotic tiger demon kingdom gestured at them!

Wang Xian and the rest immediately flew up!

"CHIRP CHIRP!"

The bird flew up and flew towards the mountains in front of them!

In the Forest of Mount Xi, two gigantic godly tiger sculptures appeared in everyone's line of sight!

A vast and desolate divine palace appeared in front of them. In the sky, a group of winged soldiers swept past them and let them pass!

The bird and Beast entered the divine art. Not long after they entered, they landed in a small grassland! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Hahaha, Dragon King, Welcome to our Tiger Chaos Immortal Demon Nation. Thank you for coming!"

As soon as they landed, the Imperial preceptor of the Tiger Chaos Immortal Dynasty who received the news came up to them with a warm expression!

"Haha, the Imperial Preceptor's kind invitation will naturally come!"

Wang Xian walked over and shook hands with him!

"It's our honor. Dragon King, Please, we have prepared a feast!"

The Imperial preceptor said enthusiastically!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile and followed the imperial preceptor into the inner part of the divine palace!

Along the way, the imperial preceptor introduced some items in the divine palace to Wang Xian. He also introduced the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation and the celebration this time around!

"This must be the Dragon King. He's young and promising!"

The group entered a palace. A burly elder dressed in a tiger robe with the word "King"on his forehead came up to them with a loud laugh!

"Dragon King, this is the king of our Tiger Riot Demon Nation!"

The Imperial preceptor of heaven demon introduced him to Wang Xian!

"King of Tiger Riot, I've long heard of your name!"

Wang Xian smiled and cupped his hands at the old man!

"Haha, you're Welcome, you're welcome. Speaking of the previous incident, we still have to thank you, Dragon King. Come, everyone, you've come from afar. Please have a seat!"

"Have some food first. I'll get someone to bring you to a place to rest later!"

The monarch of chaotic tiger nation gestured to Wang Xian politely!

Ever since the Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon Empire and the rest came back last time and heard some news about the dragon palace, the monarch of chaotic tiger nation and the rest felt that the strength of the Dragon Palace was not to be underestimated!

Even if it was inferior to the chaotic tiger nation, it was not inferior to them!

Therefore, he came here this time to discuss with the imperial preceptor and ask him to stay in the divine palace. He also invited him to a banquet in advance and befriended him!

It could be said that the Dragon Palace was the most important thing in the Tiger Chaos Demon Kingdom's celebration this time!

It was because the Dragon Palace might become true friends with them. This was something that the other forces in the region could not compare to!