Chapter 2523: 2523 used a sword to make friends

"The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation is too polite!"

Wang Xian saw how polite the leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation was and sat by the side with a smile on his face!

Prime Minister Tang Yinxuan, Di Xingnu, sat by his side!

"Haha, since we are guests, we naturally have to treat them well!"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation waved his arm. "Serve the dishes and serve the good wine!"

"I didn't expect the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation to treat Wang Xian and the rest so seriously. They are treating them to a private banquet!"

The imperial star lady mumbled softly when she saw this scene!

The chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was a second-rate force. It was already considered pretty good to have such strength!

In the Imperial Star region, only the few freakish disciples of the current generation had a second-rate force following them!

The other disciples would at most have a third-rate force following them!

However, she also knew that the current strength of the Dragon Palace was already considered a second-rate force, and the potential of the dragon palace was even more terrifying!

It was only right for the chaotic tiger demon nation to pay attention to it!

The banquet began. Good wine, good dishes, and singing and dancing began!

The sky demon dancers were obviously different from the human women. Their dance postures also had a different flavor!

Prime Minister Wang Xian and Prime Minister Gui were chatting with the national advisor of the Chaotic Tiger Nation from time to time!

The banquet was rather enjoyable!

"Dragon King, I see that you have a peerless swordsman beside you. Can you let this brother have a sword exchange with me? Hehe, I see that the sword gleams of these brothers are extremely sharp. My true form is the saber-toothed Tiger Heaven Demon, and I devour swords like my life!"

After three rounds of drinking, the two generals of the chaotic Tiger Nation, who were accompanying Wang Xian, were itching to have a sword exchange with him!

"Oh, sword duel? Haha, Good, Good, let's meet friends with Swords!"

Wang Xian looked at Ao Jian and nodded with a smile!

"General Jian, don't be rude!"

On the stage, the king of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom shouted at the old man in dissatisfaction!

"King, my hands are Itchy, my hands are itchy. I can feel the sword rays of my brothers even when I'm sitting across from them!"

The old man bowed slightly and said to the king of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom with a smile!

"It's alright, it's alright. Let's stop here. Let's Spar and discuss sword techniques!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to the king of Chaotic Tiger Nation!

"Alright, don't ruin the Peace!"

The King of Chaotic Tiger Nation pondered for a moment and nodded. He looked at Ao Jian and reminded him kindly, "My brother, our sword general lives on the sword. He has obtained great opportunities in sword techniques. Don't be careful!"

"Thank you for your reminder, King of Chaotic Tiger Nation. My sword is the merciless way of the sword!"

Ao Jian moved his palm and a sharp sword appeared in his hand!

"Haha, Good, good. Let's meet friends with the sword. It can be considered as adding fuel to the fire!"

The Sword General jumped to the center of the room happily!

"Ao Jian, just spar and give me some pointers!"

Wang Xian transmitted his voice to Ao Jian!

"The space here is too small. The two of you can spar inside!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements millstone appeared in his hand. With a wave of his arm, a space appeared in the middle of the space!

"Oh? What is this? A formation? A treasure?"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation looked over in astonishment!

"A witch weapon!"

Wang Xian smiled and said!

"Witch?"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation was slightly surprised as he looked towards the center of the space!

Ao Jian and General Jian stepped into the space and immediately realized that they seemed to have entered a huge space!

This space was enough for them to use!

"I'm a saber-toothed tiger. Brother, thank you for your advice!"

General Jian cupped his hands and a sword appeared in his palm. He said with a smile!

"Ao Jian, heartless sword principle, you attack First!"

Ao jian smiled at him!

"Okay, then I won't be polite!"

General Jian was very straightforward. He waved his arm!

Clang! The Sharp sword was unsheathed!

Clang

On the opposite side, Ao Jian shook his palm and the Golden Longsword in his hand was also unsheathed instantly!

On the opposite side, the sword of the sword general clearly trembled and let out a mournful cry!

"Take This!"

His eyes were wide open and filled with shock as he attacked with the longsword in his hand!

"Bang Bang Bang Bang!"

Ao Jian stood there, holding the sword in one hand and following it with the other. Countless moves were countered!

The laws were extremely solid, and every collision caused the space to tremble slightly!

"The realms of the two should be the same, but General Jian was completely suppressed. The other party didn't use any strength at all. He stood there with a sword in one hand, not moving at all. The difference between the two is obvious!"

The chaotic Tiger Nation Master looked at the two people fighting in the array formation in the middle with a face full of shock!

They, the generals of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, had no ability to resist at all!

"The gap is too big. Dragon King, the swordsmanship of your subordinate is really terrifying!"

The Imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon Nation was also slightly shocked as he spoke to Wang Xian!

"So far, ao Jian's swordsmanship has yet to meet an opponent. However, General Jian is considered an expert in swordsmanship in my opinion. An ordinary swordsman wouldn't dare to draw his sword in front of me!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"I've lost!"

A minute later, General Jian's longsword fell to the ground with a whine!

He was stunned for a moment before he picked up the longsword in his hand in disappointment. Then, he walked out of the space of the formation in a Daze!

"Your swordsmanship is also very good. You are the first person who can draw his sword in front of me!"

Ao jian cupped his hands toward General Jian and said!

"I can feel the sword in my hand trembling when I hold it in front of you. This... The Gap is too big!"

The sword general shook his head bitterly!

"I have yet to lose to anyone in terms of swordsmanship. You Don't have to be so lonely. You can spar with Ao Jian a few more times in the next few days!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"Hahaha, good, good, good. Then Brother Ao Jian, I might have to bother you in the next few days!"

General Jian's eyes gleamed as he said expectantly to Ao Jian! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Welcome, we are all sword fanatics, let's compare notes!"

Ao jian smiled and nodded!

"Haha, Alright Alright, I'll drink to you!"

Meeting friends with swords, this raised the atmosphere of the banquet!

The banquet lasted for 3 hours before it ended!

"I'll bring everyone to the Resting Palace!"

General Jian volunteered to lead them to their accommodation!

"There are five to six level 5 immortal king beside the Dragon King. I can't sense one of Them's strength. He should be stronger than me!"

The eyes of the chaotic tiger nation's leader flickered as he watched Wang Xian and the rest leave!

"There are more than fifty people. Only one girl is at the level of a god Lord. The rest of them are all immortal king. The number of Immortal King in the Dragon Palace is no less than ours!"!

Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor sighed slightly!

"Not only that, there are two level 6 undying godly monarchs among them. They are not weak compared to us from before. From the looks of it, they are not bad. We can get to know each other!"

At that moment, a voice suddenly entered their ears.

Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor and chaotic tiger country leader were slightly shocked and nodded silently!

"From the looks of it, they should want to get to know us as well. We can become allies!"

Chaos Tiger monarch smiled as he spoke!

Heavenly Fey Imperial preceptor nodded!

In the Fey God Palace, General Jian brought them to a luxurious palace and arranged for them to stay!

"You can eat for three hours for a meal. How boring. Yinxuan, let's go and practice our songs. It will be your first performance on stage in a few days!"

After arriving in the palace, Empress Xingnu said unhappily as she pulled Tang Yinxuan into a room!