Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2524: 2524

"Dragon King, from the looks of it, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is interested in befriending us!"

In the palace, Prime Minister Gui said to Wang Xian!

"What do you think of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation?"

Wang Xian asked him!

"From the looks of the nation master and the general, they are both straightforward people. It's worth befriending them!"

Prime Minister Gui said!

"HMM, it doesn't seem to be a bad thing at the moment. It's much more convenient to have a friend. This is especially so since the tiger turmoil demon nation has been here for 20 million years!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly!

"Uncle Dragon King, I heard from my great-grandfather that you guys are here!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from outside! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment. A look of astonishment appeared on his face!

He walked out and saw a girl looking left and right with a smile!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian recognized this girl. The girl who came with the Imperial preceptor of heaven demon was called Tiger Lingya. At that time, Wang Xian even gave her a war pet!

She even said that she would bring him to play after coming to the tiger turmoil demon nation and treat him to a meal!

"Miss Lingya!"

Wang Xian shouted at her!

"TSK tsk, Wang Xian is really something. He can find girls everywhere. No wonder!"

At this moment, it was obvious that someone had heard the commotion in the room next to them. Di Xingnu and Tang Yinxuan walked out!

Di Xingnu sized up Hu Lingya and glanced at Wang Xian sarcastically!

Tang Yinxuan, who was at the side, also looked at Wang Xian as if she was giving an explanation!

"Eh, who are the two beauties? Dragon King, your wife?"

Hu Lingya looked at Tang Yinxuan and Di Xingnu!

At this moment, di Xingnu's expression changed. She couldn't recognize that she was the famous star Goddess!

"This is, I'm Yinxuan's best friend. Why are you here, Little Girl?"

Di Xingnu said directly to Hu Lingya!

Her words made Tang Yinxuan, who was standing at the side, Smile!

"Oh Oh Oh, Hello Sister-in-law. The Dragon King gave me a war pet last time. We agreed that he would come to the chaotic tiger demon country to bring him around. It's just right, I'll bring you guys there!"

"Your country is a human country. It's very different from our chaotic tiger demon country. I'll bring you guys to take a look at the local customs here!"

Hu Lingya said enthusiastically!

She was so enthusiastic that Emperor Star Lady was embarrassed to say anything!

"We can go for a walk!"

Tang Yinxuan looked at Wang Xian and said!

"Alright then, Miss Lingya, please bring us around your planet!"

Wang Xian nodded at yinxuan and said!

"Alright, Alright. I'll bring you guys to eat some special snacks and see the magnificent scenery here!"

Hu Lingya nodded and led them out enthusiastically!

"Ao he, follow the Dragon King and the rest!"

Prime Minister Gui said to Ao he!

Ao he alone was equivalent to an army. After all, this was not the territory of the Dragon Palace, so they had to be careful!

"Yes, Prime Minister!"

Ao he nodded and followed behind Wang Xian and the rest!

"I'll take you to the state of Mind Lake first, then to tiger leaping cliff, and then to Xin Quan. Our Tiger Turmoil Demon Kingdom is a planet filled with many miracles, and none of them have been destroyed before. If you guys go and take a look, I guarantee you won't be able to forget about coming back!"

Hu Lingya was obviously a very lively girl. She brought Wang Xian and the rest to the square where the flying birds and beasts were!

The five of them rode on a bird and flew towards the Realm Heart Lake!

"Look over there, it's the Realm Heart Lake. Isn't it beautiful? The lake water is so clear that you can see the bottom. There are colorful rocks and all kinds of swimming fish inside!"

The Realm Heart Lake was a very beautiful lake. The sunlight was shining with colorful rays, and all kinds of swimming fish could be clearly seen inside!

The entire lake was like a Fairyland!

"It's indeed quite beautiful!"

Tang Yinxuan and Imperial Star Lady looked at the lake, their eyes shining!

"Let's go over. The fish in Mind Lake is one of the most delicious delicacies in the world, and ordinary people can't eat it!"

The group flew down from the birds and beasts and flew towards a pavilion!

"Your Highness!"

Soon, a woman walked over and called out respectfully!

"The last serving of your specialty fish, I want to entertain my friends!"

Tiger Spirit Bud said!

"It's Your Highness!"

The woman immediately said!

"The fish meat here is definitely different from the fish meat you've eaten. Humph Humph, in a while, your tongue will swallow it!"

Tiger spirit bud slightly raised his head and said!

"Is it that exaggerated?"

Di Xingnu looked at him in disbelief!

"Don't you doubt it. There are people from the central region who came here specifically to buy this kind of fish!"

Hu Lingya said immediately!

Wang Xian looked around and felt that the scenery was pretty good!

Hu Lingya was a very lively girl. Di Xingnu used to think that she was quite cold, but now she felt that she was quite talkative too!

Tang Yinxuan interjected from time to time, and the atmosphere was quite good!

Soon, the fish meat arrived, and the taste really surprised the two girls!

"This fish is caught and brought ashore. Either it is preserved with an extremely expensive treasure, or it will be cooked within a minute. Otherwise, the taste will be completely lost, and even our great-great-grandfather would have to come here to eat it!"

Tiger Lingya saw the two girls'surprise and said proudly!

"The taste is very good!"

Di Xing 'er nodded her head!

"Lingya, are you here too?"

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. Hu Lingya, who was chatting with di Xing 'er, was slightly stunned. She turned her head and looked behind her!

Wang Xian also looked over and saw a total of 50 to 60 young men and women as well as a few middle-aged men walking over!

"A bunch of annoying fellows!"

Hu Lingya looked over and curled her lips as she spoke in a low voice. She completely ignored the group of people who were walking towards her!

"Little sister, you're so insensible. Your brothers are already here. Why aren't you welcoming them?"

A young man with a tiger tail in front of her teased Hu Lingya!

"Don't even think about it!"

Hu Lingya pouted and said coldly!

"Hehe, you little girl. A few days ago, I wanted to betroth you to brother Yi Chen, but you didn't agree. You Cried, made a scene, and even hanged yourself. In the future, girls can't Be Like This!"

"In the future, don't hang out with your friends. Learn etiquette in the divine palace!"

The young man said to Hu Lingya!

Hu Lingya turned her head and ignored him!

"Lingya, don't lose your manners in front of outsiders!"

At this moment, the young man in the middle said to Hu Lingya indifferently!

"I know, Big Brother!"

When Hu Lingya heard this voice, she replied unwillingly!

"Everyone, let's sit in the seats next to us!"

The group of people sat not far away!

"Hu Lingya, who are these people? Your Brothers and sisters?"

The Imperial Star Lady Glanced at the people beside her and suddenly had a deep feeling of sympathy. She asked in a low voice!

"Yes!"

Tiger Lingya nodded. Her mood was obviously much weaker!

"Lingya, you're really unfortunate. You were actually betrothed. Are you really crying, throwing a tantrum, and hanging yourself?"

The Imperial Star Lady asked!

"Of course it's true. If you want me to marry that scumbag, I'll never agree to it even if I die. Last time, I almost died. Grandfather only made the decision for me after he found out about this matter!"

Tiger Spirit Bud nodded heavily!

"Then you're too pitiful, hugging the Dragon King's legs in the future, such a thing shouldn't happen anymore!"

Emperor Star Lady smiled and said!

"Flame Princess, sit beside your brother, Haha!"

"This... isn't good, little girl..."

"Haha, good, Very Good, with your talent, sitting beside our brother is simply a perfect match!"

"The Inferno Immortal, the country-toppling Inferno princess, still has the qualifications!"

At this moment, voices of conversation came from the side. The voices were loud and clear to Wang Xian!

"Huh?"

When Wang Xian heard this name, he was slightly stunned!