Chapter 2525: 2525

"Inferno Immortal Dynasty!"

At the Heart Lake, Wang Xian and the rest of them were sitting there!

Tang Yinxuan and the rest could also hear the voices beside them clearly!

"What a loud voice. HMPH, he's just a small celebrity. Isn't he just a little more talented?"

Hu Lingya didn't feel anything. She glanced at her mouth and mumbled softly!

Di Xingnu, Tang Yinxuan, and Auntie Ying all looked at Wang Xian!

Wang Xian nodded at them!

"Don't worry about it!"

He said lightly. This was the territory of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. No matter what, Wang Xian had to give them some face!

That's right, he didn't know how the relationship between the Raging Flame Immortal dynasty and the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was right now!

If their relationship was good, they might not be able to be friends anymore!

Emperor Star Lady and the rest also knew about the grudge between the Inferno Immortal dynasty and the Dragon Palace. They nodded slightly!

"Come, come, let's continue eating!"

Hu Lingya squeezed out a smile and said to Wang Xian and the rest!

"Princess Inferno, I heard that something has happened to your Inferno Immortal dynasty recently. They are asking for help everywhere. Is there anything you need help with?"

Beside them, a Tiger Chaos Demon Country Prince asked the Flame Princess and the others!

"13th Prince, Our Flame Undying Empire has nothing to hide, we have indeed encountered some difficulties!"

The Flame Princess smiled and said!

"Oh? What's the matter?"

The youth beside the Flame Princess raised his eyebrows and asked!

"We've offended a force across from the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. They have at least 5 or 6 undying level 5 warriors. Even though we're not afraid of them, if they come looking for trouble, we'll lose a lot too!"

The Flame Princess replied honestly!

"Across from the Lorman Desolate Beast Park? What's that place?"

A girl beside her asked curiously!

"It's at the edge of the southern star system. It should be near the fallen emperor battlefield, a remote place!"

A prince said!

"Yes!"

The Raging Flame Princess nodded! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Such a remote place actually has such a powerful faction?"

The youth sitting beside the Raging Flame Princess said in surprise!

"We don't know where they came from either. At first, they wanted to destroy one of our allies, the Iron Blood Alliance. We sent people to help them resist!"

"Later, the other party was too powerful and our allies were destroyed. They also held a grudge against us and said that they wanted to destroy us. We had no choice but to prepare for a rainy day!"

The Raging Flame Princess had a bitter look on her face!

"How strong are they exactly? What are their names?"

The young man sitting next to her raised his eyebrows and asked!

"There seem to be quite a number of godly monarch experts. There are at least five godly monarch level five experts and none of them are level six. They are at the peak of a third-rate force!"

"They are called Dragon Palace. They seem to have already ruled over that area!"

The Raging Flame Princess said!

"The strongest level five divine king is quite strong, but that's all. With this strength, they can only be called kings in that remote corner. They still have to cower when they come to us. Haha, Don't Mind It, don't mind it at all!"

The youth next to her laughed loudly when he heard that!

"Hehe, Raging Flame Princess, you really don't need to mind such a small matter. If you can join our big brother... Hehe, a small dragon palace, just a faction in a remote corner. They might personally apologize to you in the future!"

A prince raised his eyebrows at the Princess Flame and teased her!

"Hehe, I don't want to sell my body for glory. The force of the Dragon Palace doesn't have the ability to destroy us yet. It's just a threat to us!"

The Princess Flame covered her mouth and laughed!

"Fifth brother, don't you know what kind of person the Princess Flame Is? We've known each other for more than ten years. Princess Flame, if you need any help with this matter in the future, just come to me directly!"

"That's right, just look for Big Brother. Our Big Brother is the crown prince of our generation. If our big brother appears, we can make the Dragon Palace clear!"

The crowd laughed and said!

"That Kid thanks Big Brother Tiger for helping to eradicate evil!"

The Raging Flame Princess narrowed her eyes slightly and bowed to the young man at the side!

This made the young man's face full of pride!

"Huh?"

At this moment, Hu Lingya, who was sitting at the side, widened her eyes. Her mouth was also wide open. The food she picked up froze there!

Wang Xian also heard their conversation. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and a cold look appeared in his eyes!

He stood up slowly and walked straight towards the blazing flame god towards the princess!

"Dragon..."

She opened her mouth and wanted to say something. However, she stood up helplessly and glared fiercely at the people beside her!

Ao crab, Yinxuan, and the rest immediately followed her!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian walked towards them. Some of them noticed him and looked at him in puzzlement!

"What do you want?"

A prince looked at Wang Xian and asked faintly!

Wang Xian didn't say anything. He walked to the front of the blazing princess and placed his palm on her shoulder!

"Huh?"

When the people around saw this, their expressions changed slightly!

The Blazing Princess also frowned as flames appeared on her shoulder!

"Bang!"

"Young Lady, you can't speak carelessly. You'll have to pay the price!"

Wang Xian's palm landed heavily on her shoulder!

"Ah!"

A painful cry came out from her mouth. Her face was instantly filled with cold sweat!

"Stop, let go of our Princess!"

At the side, a middle-aged man's expression changed. He stood up immediately and a sharp sword appeared in his hand!

"Bang!"

Before he could make a move, ao crab, who was standing at the side, waved his arm!

The middle-aged man's entire body started to crack. His eyes were wide open and his face was filled with shock!

"You, you... Who Are You?"

The Princess of Raging Flame's face was extremely pale as she asked Wang Xian in a low voice!

"Who are you? Do you know what kind of territory this is? Are you courting death?"

The young man next to him, the current crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, stood up with a cold expression. He stared at Wang Xian with a murderous aura!

"Don't you know who I am? I Am the Dragon Palace that you mentioned. You Can Call Me Dragon King!"

Wang Xian spoke coldly. The murderous aura caused the body of the blazing fire princess to tremble!

"A mere crown prince is qualified to participate in the affairs between powerhouses. Go back and ask your parents if they dare to do so!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at the crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom as he said disdainfully!

If it wasn't for the fact that he was the crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, he would have to pay a price for what he said!

"You... Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, you're just a force from a remote place. This is our chaotic tiger demon kingdom. How dare you act so arrogantly in our territory? You..."

The young crown prince's expression changed when he heard his words. He pointed at Wang Xian with a gloomy expression!

"Bang!"

"I'll teach you a lesson on behalf of Your Parents!"

Wang Xian waved his arm and a surge of energy landed on his arm. Following that, his arm collapsed immediately!