Chapter 2526: 2526, the mighty chaotic Tiger Demon Nation

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Bang!"

The crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was sent flying backward. His face was pale as he widened his eyes and stared at Wang Xian in shock!

His body landed heavily on the ground. One of his arms had completely disappeared and his body was trembling!

"You... How dare you! What are you trying to do? Do you know what kind of place this is? !"

The rest of the young men were shocked by Wang Xian's attack. They stood up one by one and shouted with an embarrassed look on their faces!

They were the heaven's favored disciples of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. It could be said that they were the most powerful generation in the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

In the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, no one dared to bully them!

"Hu Lingya, these are the people you brought. You... you..."

The crown prince of the chaotic tiger demon country covered his wound and looked at Hu Lingya beside him. His eyes were blood red as he growled!

"Who asked you to talk about the Dragon Palace behind their backs? The Dragon Palace has many undying godly monarchs, and they are guests, you..."

Hu Lingya panicked when she saw this scene!

"Dragon King..."

She quickly walked to Wang Xian's side and said softly, looking at him imploringly!

"On account that you guys are disciples of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, and since this is the territory of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, I'll spare you guys this time!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he swept his cold gaze across all of them!

"HMPH!"

He snorted softly. A large amount of blood instantly flowed out from the mouth of the Raging Flame Princess in front of him!

"PFFT!"

She spat out a mouthful of blood. She opened her mouth and wanted to say something, but she forced herself to hold it in!

At this moment, she really wanted to provoke this dragon king. Once he made a move, the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation would not let him off either!

However, she was afraid that he would really dare to kill her!

"Dragon King, let's go to another place, another place!"

Tiger Lingya said to Wang Xian in a fluster!

She was really afraid that the Dragon King would have a conflict with their brothers. If that happened, she would not be able to bear the consequences!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly and looked at ao crab. "Inform Prime Minister Gui and the rest to get the Dragon Palace to prepare for the destruction of the Blazing Immortal dynasty!"

He spoke without hiding anything and walked straight ahead!

"Alright, Sister Lingya, bring us to another place to play!"

At this moment, Tang Yinxuan walked over to ease Hu Lingya's awkwardness!

"Okay!"

Hu Lingya forced a smile!

"It's Alright, don't Worry!"

Wang Xian patted this girl's shoulder and said with a smile!

Even if the tiger turmoil demon nation wouldn't favor their disciples and the Blazing Flame Divine Empire, the tiger turmoil demon nation would definitely not make an enemy out of the Dragon Palace!

It wasn't worth it at all because of a small matter!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Alright, Alright!"

When Hu Lingya heard his words, her nervous expression eased up a little!

She looked at her brother beside her and pouted. She brought Wang Xian and the rest to another place to play!

"This... This Dragon King is a little arrogant!"

When they saw Wang Xian and the rest leaving, the group of young men from the tiger turmoil demon nation looked extremely embarrassed!

A prince walked over and helped the crown prince up with a gloomy face!

"What a good dragon palace, what a Good Dragon King. Do they really think that they are in their own territory?"

"Bang!"

"A fellow from a remote place dares to be arrogant in our territory. Even a strong dragon can't defeat a local snake. You are just a frog at the bottom of a well. How dare you stir up trouble in our chaotic Tiger Demon Country!"

The Crown Prince's face was ashen as his outgrown arm slammed heavily on the table!

"Men, go and send..."

"Big Brother, is it during our founding ceremony, or..."

The young crown prince wanted to send people, but was stopped by a prince beside him as he said softly!

"If he dares to make a move against me here, it means that he doesn't place our tiger chaotic demon country in his eyes!"

The crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom had a dark expression on his face as he clenched his fists tightly. "After the celebration, I will let him know the price of offending me!"

"Big Brother Tiger, this time, it's this little girl's fault. I've implicated all of You!"

At this moment, Princess Raging Flame walked over, wiped the blood at the corner of her mouth, and said meekly!

"Little Sister Raging Flame, you don't have to worry. I'll settle this matter!"

The Crown Prince felt a pang of heartache when he saw her. He took out an elixir and handed it to her!

"Thank you, Brother Hu!"

A smile appeared on Princess Lie Yan's face as her eyes sparkled!

"Dragon King, I'm really sorry. My brother and the rest didn't have any bad intentions. They must have been seduced by that Woman!"

Hu Lingya brought Wang Xian to the next resort and said apologetically to him!

"It's Alright!"

Wang Xian shook his head and didn't take it to heart!

"Don't feel guilty. We just have to play our own game!"

The Empress Star Lady also comforted him!

"Alright, let's go to the Tiger Leaping Cliff!"

Hu Lingya nodded his head heavily!

Next, Wang Xianyin and the Empress Star Lady took a look at the scenery of the tiger turmoil demon nation!

Just as Hu Lingya said, there were indeed many interesting places in the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

The group of them spent more than ten hours and spent the night in Xinquan!

They only rushed back the next morning!

That was because the 20-million-year-old ceremony of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was about to begin!

"Goodbye, Brother Dragon King. Goodbye, sisters. We have time to play together!"

When they returned to the palace of the Demon God, Hu Lingya sent Wang Xian and the rest to the palace where they were staying. He waved his hand and returned to the place where they were staying!

"Lingya is very lively!"

Tang Yinxuan said with a smile!

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Dragon King, we need to prepare for the entrance!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui walked over and said to Wang Xian!

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. "Have you prepared for the Inferno Dynasty?"

"I have already sent Ao Yaoyao and the rest to start the investigation. After they have completed the investigation, they can start the operation!"

Prime Minister Gui said!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and walked straight to the entrance of the Demon God Palace!

The 20-million-year-old ceremony of the founding of the Tiger Turmoil Demon Nation would be held at the entrance of the Demon God Palace!

The venue had already been set up in front of the huge canyon!

In front of them, there were many empty spaces that had been divided up. Each of the rising spaces did not have seats!

This was the unique feature of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom. The people who were invited had no seats and could only stand!

However, it was the same even if they were to stand and sit with their strength!

"Dragon King, this way please!"

Wang Xian led the group of powerhouses from the Dragon Palace out of the palace of the Demon God. A guard led them to the rising spaces in front of them!

The rising locations had an area of about five kilometers!

The guards of the monster God Palace led them to the fourth position on the right front. It was a relatively close position!

Wang Xian and the rest flew over and scanned their surroundings!

At the entrance, the forces flew towards the rising platform!

These were all famous big forces in the southern star system. The weakest among them was a fourth-rate force!

In the center of the left and right sides, the width of the road was about five thousand meters. The soldiers of the chaotic Tiger Demon Empire who were neatly lined up below were exuding a cold aura!

The entire ceremony was filled with a majestic aura!