Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2527: 2527 in the extremely powerful chaotic Tiger Demon Nation

"The celebration of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is very large this time. Many powerful factions have been invited!"

"After all, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation has been established for more than 20 million years. With the 20 million years of foundation and the addition of a group of powerful heavenly demons, it is normal for many factions to come since it is one of the top ten factions in our region!"

"Other than two or three factions that did not come, the rest have all come!"

In front of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom's Demon God Palace, factions came one by one and stood on two high platforms on the left and right!

They scanned their surroundings and discussed in low voices!

Around them, factions riding powerful battle pets and flying in powerful spaceships arrived and stood on the high platforms!

Chaotic tiger demon country's strength was ranked in the top 10 in the star Southern Galaxy. If they invited them, most of the factions would give them face!

This caused the high platforms to be filled with people!

"There are already 40 to 50 factions here. Every one of them is not weaker than the East Li Immortal dynasty from back then!"

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and analyzed the strength in the center of the star Southern Galaxy!

"The central region of the star South Galaxy is similar to ours. There are sects, empires, and corporations. There are many factions here that are not weaker than us!"

Prime Minister GUI whispered to him!

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly!

More and more factions came to the high platform. There were a few factions that used energy to create tables and chairs on the high platform. They were chatting and waiting with smiles on their faces!

Anyone who dared to watch with such ease, Wang Xian realized that they were not weak. All of them had a level 6 immortal King!

As for those who were obviously weaker than the forces of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, they did not dare to be so relaxed!

Soon, there were already 70 to 80 forces standing on the hundreds of high platforms!

Wang Xian looked at the time. It was almost noon!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the gate of the Demon God Palace in front of them was slowly opened!

The Tiger Gate, which was 10,000 meters and 3,000 meters wide, was opened. Waves of tiger roars could be heard from the top of the gate!

"Roar Roar!"

Inside the gate, two immortal king level four blood-winged horses pulled out a palanquin!

On the palanquin, an old man and a middle-aged man were standing on it!

In front of the old man was a tiger head blade, and beside him was a middle aged man holding a tiger head scepter!

"The Warriors of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country have come out, that's the Tiger Chaos Demon Country's leader and advisor!"

"The two blood wing horses at the front are Undying Level 4 war pets, the Tiger Chaos Demon Country actually got two undying level 4 war pets!"

The Demon God Palace Door opened, the Undying Level 4 war pets pulling the carriage for the beast, many forces had looks of respect on their faces!

"Hualala!"

Behind the beast-driven carriage, many generals and experts from the chaotic tiger demon country were following behind. Their bodies were emitting a powerful aura!

They walked forward slowly and finally stopped at the front!

"150 immortal King Warriors have appeared!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across and he muttered!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Just as he finished his sentence, two roars sounded from the back!

Two old men stood behind the two undying warpets, looking down at the entire plaza!

"Those are two undying level 6 warriors from the tiger chaotic demon country, there seem to be three undying level 6 warriors from the Tiger Chaotic Demon Country!"

"And two undying level 4 warpets, how did the tiger chaotic demon country get so many powerful warpets!"

Some people saw the two warriors from the tiger chaotic demon country looking down at the area, their hearts shook!

Even those who were sitting on the high platform were looking at the two figures with a grave expression!

"CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP!"

Everything was not over yet. Soon, Sky Demon Birds flew out of the Demon God Palace one after another!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Soon after, Sky Demon Tigers roared out of the palace one after another!

The main purpose of holding the dynasty-building ceremony was to display their strength and intimidate other factions!

The powerful Demonic Bird Army and demonic tiger army were not weaker than the eternal lord. They were exuding a powerful aura!

"The number of eternal lord experts displayed is more than 600,000!"

Prime Minister Gui, who was at the side, said faintly!

"Yes!"

Wang Xian nodded his head!

"Hahaha, it's starting so soon. I'm sorry, our demon Slayer sect is a little late!"

At this time, a sudden laughter resounded, following which many figures stood on their swords and flew over!

They flew on their swords, exuding a sharp aura, not caring about the occasion at all!

"Hehe, Tiger Chaos Old Country Leader, your demon country's strength is a little stronger than before!"

The leader looked up at the old man standing on his Level 4 undying god King Mount, the corners of his mouth curled up as he said indifferently!

"Today is the 20 million year founding ceremony of our tiger chaotic demon country, everyone from the demon Slayer sect, please be quiet!"

Tiger chaotic old country leader stared coldly at the group, saying coldly!

"Haha, Sorry Sorry Sorry, you all invited us here, of course we have to give you face, but we're a little late, sorry, Hahaha!"

The old man laughed loudly, leading the 500 to 600 people behind him to fly towards an empty high platform!

"The people from the demon Slayer sect actually came, the Tiger Chaos Demon Country and the demon Slayer sect have been enemies for 10 million years!"

"The two powers have always been enemies, it's almost a fight to the death situation, the Tiger Chaos Demon Country actually invited the people from the demon Slayer sect over!"

The expressions of all the powers changed when they saw the Warriors from the demon Slayer sect arrive!

The Demon Slayer sect and the Tiger Chaos Demon Country had been enemies for 10 million years, the two powers were about the same, they fought endlessly, it was hard to tell who was stronger!

"Hehe."

The two undying god King Level 4 battle pets, the old country leader and the other old man exchanged glances, their eyes filled with coldness!

"We welcome everyone to support our tiger chaotic demon country for 20 million years, from now on you can just watch!"

The tiger chaotic country leader stood on the beast carriage, his cold gaze sweeping over the demon Slayer sect members! Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Clang!"

"Son of Chaotic Tiger Nation, show everyone our strength!"

He waved his arm and raised the tiger head blade in front of him as he lightly shouted!

"We Obey the Tiger King's Order!"

"Hah!"

All the soldiers of chaotic tiger demon nation shouted loudly as they began to practice their military formation!

Show off their muscles!

The celebration of Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was much more brutal!

"Look at them acting like monkeys!"

At the position of the demon Slayer sect, the experts of the demon Slayer sect curled their lips and looked down!

All the surrounding forces were watching!

"Big Brother, the forces of the Dragon Palace are over there!"

At this moment, at the front, behind the Beast Chase, nearly ten thousand core experts and disciples of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation were standing there!

On the right, a prince whispered to his big brother, the crown prince!

"HMPH!"

The young crown prince looked over and his eyes turned dark. He then looked at Tiger Spirit shoot who was beside him!

Tiger spirit shoot felt his gaze and shrunk his head in fear!