Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2528: 2528, under the Mighty Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom

"Father, the people on the high platform are the forces of the Dragon Palace, and the young man is the Dragon King!"

At this moment, on a high platform to the left, the princess of the raging flame noticed a familiar figure and whispered to the middle-aged man beside her!

"Eh? The Dragon Palace!"

The middle-aged man was slightly stunned and slowly became embarrassed!

He followed his daughter's gaze and his expression changed!

The middle-aged man walked to the side and whispered to an old man who was holding a blazing flame orb in his hand!

The old man looked at the high platform of the Dragon Palace and his eyes were shining with light. He was slightly embarrassed!

"The Dragon King said that he wanted to destroy us!"

The old man waved at the blazing flame princess and asked in a deep voice!

"It's great-grandfather. He said it yesterday afternoon. He even seriously injured me!"

The Raging Flame Princess said with a pale face!

"How are you and the current crown prince of the Tiger Chaotic Demon Kingdom?"

The old man asked with a gloomy face!

"Great-grandfather, he treats me very well. There shouldn't be any problems!"

The raging flame princess bit her lip and said!

"Alright, listen to my arrangements later!"

The old man said directly!

The blazing princess nodded her head, resigned to her fate!

"Dragon King, I sensed some gazes. That group of people should be experts from the Blazing Flame Divine Empire!"

On the stage where Wang Xian and the rest were, ao crab transmitted his voice to him!

"Yeah, I sensed it!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. They weren't familiar with the people from the blazing flame divine empire. He didn't even realize that they were from the blazing flame divine empire just now!

However, the Dragon Palace didn't have to take the raging flame empire seriously at all!

There were 30 to 40 level 5 immortal king powerhouses in the Dragon Palace, while the Raging Flame Empire only had three!

Crushing!

"Everyone from the demon Slayer sect, how are our sons from the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation?"

After 10 minutes of martial arts practice, the soldiers from the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation stopped. The leader of the Tiger Chaos Nation, who was standing at the front, asked the demon Slayer sect with a smile on his face!

"Hahaha, you want us to comment on it? It should taste pretty good!"

An expert from the demon Slayer sect was slightly stunned when he heard the words of the leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. Then, he said with a loud laugh!

"Oh? Why did the leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation ask the Demon Slayer sect? They are already fighting to the death. Asking them is just asking for humiliation!"

"The strength of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is much stronger than before. However, they are still too straightforward. Asking the demon Slayer sect is clearly asking for humiliation!"

The people from the surrounding factions whispered in confusion when they saw this scene!

"Courting Death!"

"Demon Slayer sect, Do You Want to die? I'm going to tear you apart!"

Some of the irascible heaven demons could not help but roar at them!

This caused the entire ceremony to be slightly agitated!

"Hahaha, you are still so irascible and so idiotic!"

When the demon Slayer sect heard the roars, a smug smile appeared on their faces as they mocked!

"Silence!"

Chaotic Tiger Nation's ruler roared in a deep voice, and his voice resounded in the ears of every heaven demon!

The furious heaven demons immediately stopped, but their bloodthirsty eyes continued to stare at the demon Slayer sect!

"Demon Slayer sect, this is the 20 million-year-old ceremony of our chaotic Tiger Demon Nation's founding!"

The Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor looked at the demon Slayer sect and said coldly!

"Haha, good, Good, good. Although we have been enemies for tens of millions of years, we will give you face today!"

The leader of the demon Slayer sect laughed out loud!

"Everyone, please do not panic. Continue to watch quietly and watch the Show!"

Chaotic Tiger Nation Master swept his gaze over them and looked at all the surrounding factions as he said indifferently!

"Let's begin, chaotic Tiger Nation Master. We can't help but watch the Monkey Show!"

As soon as chaotic Tiger Nation Master finished speaking, a young man from the demon Slayer sect said arrogantly with the corners of his mouth slightly curled up!

The other factions didn't dare to say anything when they saw the two factions fighting. They just watched quietly!

From their point of view, inviting the demon slaying sect today was the biggest mistake of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

The chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was still too reckless and naive!

"Hehe!"

"Fight!"

The chaotic tiger nation's sovereign laughed sinisterly. He raised the tiger-headed saber in his hand and roared with killing intent!

"Fight!"

The Heavenly Demon Imperial preceptor also raised the divine staff in his hand and shouted softly!

"Weng Weng Weng Weng!"

Just as everyone was puzzled, confinement rings suddenly appeared on the mountain peaks around the demon slaying sect!

The confinement rings directly covered all of them!

"Oh?"

"Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, are you courting death?"

The sudden appearance of the imprisonment ring caused everyone from the demon slaying sect to be slightly shocked. The old man in the lead immediately stood up, and his incomparably violent aura charged out in all directions!

The violent aura charged out in all directions!

All the surrounding factions were alarmed when they saw this scene!

"What is the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation trying to do! ?"

Even the expressions of some of the powerful factions changed slightly when they saw this scene!

"Hahaha, everyone, don't be anxious. Watch the Show!"

"Our Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation and the demon Slayer sect have been fighting for tens of millions of years. In the celebration of the twenty million years since the founding of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, we will declare war on the demon Slayer sect!"

"Annihilate the demon Slayer sect!"

The chaotic Tiger King raised the tiger head saber in his hand high and announced proudly!

Boom

Just as Chaotic Tiger Nation's leader finished speaking, an extremely terrifying demonic qi soared into the sky!

In the depths of the Demon God Palace, a Tiger God totem soared into the sky!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

A roar resounded through the heavens and earth. An old man was located at the Tiger God Totem's Tiger's mouth!

Everyone only felt the scene flash as an old man's figure appeared in the center!

The old man's eyes were resplendent. He had a long fox tail and his entire arm had transformed into a tiger palm!

He stared coldly at the people from the demon slaying sect!

"Today's Tiger Chaos Demon Country's celebration, with killing the demon slaying sect's warriors, our demon country will prosper!"

The old man shouted softly, as though he was announcing to all the powers!

"This is..."

At this moment, all the people sitting on the high platform stood up, their faces filled with shock as they stared at the old man in the Tiger God Totem!

"It's the old national advisor, he suddenly, he broke through to undying god King Level 7!"

"Hiss, the old imperial tutor from Tiger Chaos Demon Country actually broke through!"

Shocked voices resounded, all the Warriors from the powers stared wide eyed, filled with shock!

"Shit!"

At this time, the hundreds of people from the demon Slayer sect were shocked, their pupils dilating!

"Old Man, Undying Level 7, how is this possible!"

"How can you break through so quickly!"

Within the demon Slayer sect, the only elder that wasn't within the cage roared in disbelief!

The Demon Slayer sect had fought against the Tiger Chaos Demon Country for tens of millions of years, they had three undying level 6 warriors!

However the tiger chaos demon country's old imperial tutor suddenly broke through! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The balance was broken!

"Die!"

The old imperial tutor's face was filled with killing intent, with a wave of his hand, the Tiger God totem behind him swiftly condensed, laws covered it, attacking the demon Slayer sect people below!

"No!"

Hundreds of demon Slayer sect warriors, of which 20 to 30 were undyings, however they were already trapped within, there was no way to escape!

And the Demon Slayer sect undying level 6 could feel the terrifying attack, he could only Dodge!

"No!"

His body trembled, teleporting 10,000 meters away, he howled angrily!