Chapter 2529: 2529 pleaded with his grandfather to destroy the Dragon Palace

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

In front of the chaotic tiger demon country's Demon God Palace, the terrifying Tiger God totem landed on the high platform where the demon slaying sect was!

The leader of the demon slaying sect warriors dodged to the side with a mournful expression. As for the rest, they couldn't Dodge the attack!

A few hundred warriors and 20 to 30 undying emperors couldn't escape under the imprisonment!

"No, no, no!"

Screams rang out. When the Tiger God totem landed, none of them managed to escape!

The terrifying attack caused them to scream and fall to the ground without any signs of life!

"Tiger Chaos Demon Country, my demon Slayer sect is irreconcilable with all of You!"

An angry roar came from the demon Slayer sect warrior who was dodging the attack. His eyes were blood red as he stared at the corpses of the Warriors from his sect!

"Hahaha, useless roar. You and I have been fighting for tens of millions of years. This situation will soon end. Go back and tell your patriarch to prepare to watch your sect be destroyed!"

The old imperial preceptor looked at the demon Slayer sect warrior and laughed maniacally!

He had broken through to undying god King Level 7 and the balance had been completely broken. In the future, under his strangulation, the entire demon Slayer sect would become a stray dog!

He laughed heartily, his eyes filled with excitement!

After tens of millions of years of slaughter, many disciples of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country had died at his hands. This situation was quickly resolved!

"Hu!"

The floating demon Slayer sect elder's body trembled, he gritted his teeth and vanished!

"Congratulations patriarch for breaking through and advancing to undying god King Level 7!"

Around, everyone from the Tiger Chaos Demon Country saw this scene, their faces were filled with excitement!

They didn't receive any news of the old Imperial Preceptor's breakthrough!

Today at their 20 million ceremony, the old imperial preceptor actually killed all the warriors from the demon sect, this was the greatest fortune of their Tiger Chaos Demon Country!

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, destroying the Demon Slayer sect!"

The Warriors and disciples of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country knelt down excitedly and roared loudly!

Their faces were filled with excitement!

In the entire Southwest Galaxy, an undying King Level 7 warrior was already considered the pinnacle!

The old imperial preceptor had broken through to undying King Level 7, leading the tiger chaos demon country to one of the strongest forces in the star South Galaxy!

"Congratulations on the Tiger Chaos Undying Demon Country's Imperial Preceptor's breakthrough!"

The other forces were still filled with shock, they quickly stood up and cupped their hands to celebrate!

The Birth of an undying level 7 was enough to change the entire situation!

"Hahaha, today, we congratulate the tiger chaotic demon country on establishing a dynasty for 20 million years, we congratulate the old country advisor!"

The tiger chaotic demon country leader excitedly raised the tiger head blade in his hands!

"Congratulations to the old country advisor!"

All of the Tiger Chaotic Demon Country Soldiers Roared!

"Congratulations to the tiger chaotic demon country, Heaven Underworld Palace presents a gift!"

"Congratulations to the tiger chaotic demon country, Jian hua organization presents a gift!"

"Congratulations to all of you from the tiger chaotic demon country, the Thousand Blade Undying Empire presents a gift!"

After the congratulations ended, on the surrounding platforms, the various powers presented their gifts!

"Haha, Thank You Everyone!"

Chaotic tiger country leader saw the respectful expressions of the various powers, his face revealed a carefree expression!

The Old Country Advisor had advanced to Undying Level 7, the chaotic tiger demon country was above all the powers here!

These powers, in front of the chaotic tiger demon country, they had to lower their heads!

"This... this old country advisor has actually broken through, the chaotic tiger demon country will be ranked in the top 5 in our region!"

In the Raging Flame Empire, the Emperor looked at the sudden change, his eyes gleaming!

"Little Yan, are you sure that the current crown prince of the tiger chaotic demon country is interested in you?"

The emperor looked at the princess beside him, his eyes gleaming!

"Elder, I have a 90% Chance!"

The princess nodded confidently!

"Alright then, I'll Betroth you to the current crown prince of the tiger chaotic demon country later. Once he agrees, we'll be able to rely on the relationship with the tiger chaotic demon country under the witness of all the powers. This will be very beneficial to our flame undying empire!"

The Flame Emperor's eyes gleamed with heat!

He didn't expect that the tiger chaotic demon country would actually have a warrior break through to undying level 7!

The moment they got close to the tiger chaotic demon country, why would the Raging Flame Empire be afraid of the Dragon Palace? Why would they be afraid of the Dragon Emperor?

When the time came, their position in the star South Galaxy would increase by a lot!

"Alright!"

The raging flame princess nodded, her gaze looking towards the disciples of the Tiger Chaotic Demon Country!

"Let's go, let's send our gifts!"

The Raging Flame Emperor smiled, his body moving, he led the group and flew forward!

"Congratulations to Tiger Chaos Demon Country, the flame undying God dynasty sends our congratulations!"

The Flame Emperor bowed respectfully to Tiger Chaos Country Leader!

Behind him, the Flame Emperor Dynasty members were all holding their congratulations!

"Many thanks!"

Tiger Chaos Country leader nodded!

"Tiger Chaos Country Leader, Our Flame Undying God dynasty also has a special gift!"

After the gift was sent, the flame emperor smiled, the group didn't leave!

"Ah?"

The tiger chaotic country leader raised his eyebrows, smiling at them!

"I have a great granddaughter, her talent is exceptional, she's quite famous in the star South Galaxy. I heard that my daughter and the current Crown Prince of the tiger chaotic demon country like each other, today my flame undying God Dynasty has betrothed my daughter to the Crown Prince!"

The Flame Emperor waved at the flame princess beside him, bowing and saying!

"Oh?"

Chaotic tiger country's monarch raised his brows as he looked over!

"Great-grandfather, I have long been in love with the Blazing Flame Princess. Great-grandfather, please grant my wish!"

When the crown prince of chaotic tiger demon country saw this scene, he revealed an extremely excited expression. He hurriedly walked out and shouted loudly!

"Great-grandfather, the Blazing Flame Princess has outstanding talent in our southern star system. She is very famous. She is a perfect match with Big Brother!"

Beside, a few princes raised their fists at the crown prince, smiling as they said!

"Hehe, that's good too, it's even better!"

Tiger Chaos Country Leader saw his disciple coming over to request, he was already in a good mood as he waved his hand and said indifferently!

"Thank you grandfather!"

The crown prince revealed an excited expression, he looked at the flame princess beside him! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Big Brother Tiger!"

The Flame Princess also called out softly!

"It's our honor for Crown Prince Tiger to be able to marry the daughter of Our Flame Undying God dynasty!"

The Flame Emperor said excitedly to the young crown prince, his face filled with a fawning expression!

"It's my honor, it's my honor!"

The young crown prince also nodded excitedly!

"Haha!"

On the stage, the monarch of chaotic tiger country and the experts of chaotic tiger demon country also smiled when they saw this scene!

Today, chaotic tiger demon country was even happier!

"Great-grandfather, I have a presumptuous request. Please agree to it, great-grandfather!"

Suddenly, the crown prince looked at the monarch of chaotic tiger country on the stage and said respectfully!

"Speak!"

The monarch of chaotic tiger country said with a great expression!

"Please exterminate the Dragon Palace!"