Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chapter 2530: 2,530 casually suppressed

"I beseech grandfather to destroy the Dragon Palace!"

"A remote power in the southern star system, the Dragon Palace, is brutal and merciless, destroying the alliance of the Raging Flame God Dynasty, and now they want to destroy the Raging Flame God Dynasty!"

"Yesterday, when the punk and his brothers met the Dragon Palace Dragon Emperor, he immediately cut off one of my arms and heavily injured the raging flame princess, attacking in our tiger chaotic demon country, he didn't even put our tiger chaotic demon country in his eyes!"

"A force with only 4 to 5 undying level 5 undying level 5 dares to act so arrogantly here, I beg grandfather to destroy the Dragon Palace!"

The tiger chaotic demon country's crown prince said coldly to the tiger chaotic demon country leader!

"Grandfather, they are right there!"

At the end, he pointed at the high platform where the Dragon Palace was!

If the tiger chaotic demon country was still the tiger chaotic demon country of the past, he would never dare to ask his grandfather to destroy a force!

Even if it was a force from a remote place!

However, things were different now. The Birth of an undying level 7 warrior had made the Tiger Chaos Demon Country one of the top forces in the region!

Against a force of only 4 to 5 undying level 5, it was easy!

Along with the ancestor and the others being in a good mood, that was why he dared to bring it up!

His words made the blazing flame princess and the blazing flame divine emperor look extremely excited!

They looked at the high platform of the Dragon Palace malevolently, their faces filled with awe and excitement!

"What... What's going on? which faction dares to injure the disciples of the Tiger Chaos Fey kingdom here?"

"Dragon Palace? What faction is this? Why haven't I heard of it?"

"It should be a small faction in a remote area. This faction is probably going to be in trouble!"

"The raging flame divine dynasty has found a backer. Now, they might even be able to help their opponent, the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!"

When the surrounding factions saw this scene, their faces were filled with astonishment. They looked at the members of the Raging Flame Divine Dynasty with envy!

The chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom dared to kill a bunch of experts from the demon sect and wipe out a small faction easily!

However, when he said that, the expression of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom's monarch suddenly changed. Every word he said made the expression of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom's monarch turn even gloomier!

Upon hearing that, the Heaven Demon Imperial Preceptor's brows immediately furrowed. His expression turned cold when he looked at the crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!

"Oh?"

Hu Lingya's expression changed slightly when she saw her elder brother making such a request!

Her expression changed as she stood there stiffly. She looked at the high platform of the Dragon Palace!

"Dragon King!"

At this moment, when the experts of the Dragon Palace heard the words of the current crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, their expressions turned cold. They gathered behind Wang Xian and exuded a murderous aura!

"Leader of the chaotic Tiger Empire, nearly a year ago, the Blazing Flame Divine Empire wanted to kill me. I must destroy them!"

Wang Xian looked at the leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation and spoke without any expression on his face!

"Outrageous! How dare you act so arrogantly in front of Us Now? Dragon King, you..."

"Shut up!"

The crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation immediately looked in the direction of Wang Xian. He pointed at him and shouted with a cold expression!

However, before he could finish his words, a cold shout exploded in his mind!

His face changed, a sweet taste in his mouth, blood slowly flowed out!

He stared wide eyed, his face filled with shock!

"I'm Sorry Dragon King, for making such a joke, we really didn't know that the Raging Flame Undying Empire had a grudge with your Dragon Palace!"

"Even though we haven't known each other for long, we are still friends, forget about the current crown prince of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country and the Raging Flame Princess of the Raging Flame Undying Empire!"

"Also, Dragon King, if you have any needs, feel free to tell me directly to avoid any misunderstandings!"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom looked at Wang Xian, cupped his fists and said apologetically!

He did not expect such a thing to happen today!

He also did not expect his own disciple to be such a troublemaker!

Even though they did not know much about the dragon palace, they were not some small faction with four or five immortal king level five!

Just what they knew, there were two of them!

This power was about the same as the tiger chaotic demon country from before!

Even if the Dragon Palace had nothing to do with them, they wouldn't offend them, much less destroy them!

Now that their battle with the demon Slayer sect was about to begin, provoking other powerful factions was the unwise choice!

The words of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom shocked the surrounding factions!

Everyone from the raging flame divine dynasty was completely stunned when they heard the words of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom's monarch!

They gaped as they watched in astonishment!

The chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom was acquainted with the Dragon Palace?

From the looks of it, the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom attached great importance to the Dragon Palace!

"The chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom and the Dragon Palace are friends. Those who bewitched the disciples of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom should be beheaded!"

At that moment, the sword general beside the chaotic Tiger Fey Kingdom had a cold expression on his face!

A sharp sword was unsheathed as it slashed straight at the Blazing Flame Princess!

"Not good!"

The blazing flame divine emperor was horrified as he hurriedly retreated!

"No, no, patriarch, father, save me!"

The Blazing Flame Princess felt the sword beam of death as she roared in horror!

Buzz

The Sword Gleam flew past and the raging flame divine emperor and the rest dodged to the side. However, the raging flame princess and some of the weaker ones were not so lucky!

The Sword Gleam swept past and turned them into ashes!

Everyone was shocked when they saw the general of the tiger turmoil demon nation making a move!

"Thank you for giving us face from the tiger turmoil demon nation. We will settle the matter of the Raging Flame Divine Empire on our own!"

Wang Xian smiled when he saw General Jian making his stance clear!

With a wave of his arm, the five elements grinding mill headed straight for the emperor of the Raging Flame Celestial Empire and the rest!

Buzz

Rays of light landed on the emperor of the Raging Flame Celestial Empire and the rest, causing them to be slightly shocked!

They could sense that these rays of light could actually tear apart the space around them!

"Run!"

The inferno divine emperor was filled with shock and anger when he saw this scene!

They never expected that they would be able to cling onto the Tiger Chaos Fey Kingdom. They never expected that the Tiger Chaos Fey Kingdom and the Dragon Palace were on the same side!

Now that the other party was attacking them, they were completely doomed!

Now, they only wanted to escape! They only wanted to save their lives!

Crack Crack Crack

"Oh no, what's going on!"

However, when they wanted to return to their divine kingdom, they suddenly couldn't sense the existence of the divine kingdom!

Those rays of light seemed to be able to tear apart this space, causing them to be unable to sense their immortal divine kingdom at all!

"Withdraw!"

Wang Xian shouted softly. The Five Elements Millstone immediately released a powerful array formation!

Within the Five Elements Millstone, there were five clones controlling it. Each of them had the combat strength of an eternal God Lord Level 5!

They had set up the formations to deal with the people from the blazing flame empire. There was only one level 5 undying god King among them. It was a piece of cake!

"No!"

Sensing the terrifying suction force coming from within, the Blazing Flame Emperor roared in horror!

"Hiss, this technique... This terrifying divine artifact..."

When the surrounding factions saw this scene, their pupils constricted slightly!