Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2531: 2531 array, officially making friends

"What weapon is this, it can actually suppress an undying level 5 warrior, so strong!"

"That Dragon Palace Dragon King isn't simple, this god weapon is terrifying, it's definitely from a huge inheritance!"

"Casually suppressing an undying level 5 warrior, this strength..."

Around the Demon God Palace, all the Warriors from the powers saw this scene and their pupils shrank!

Their gazes were heated and shocked as they stared at the god weapon floating in the air!

"That Dragon Emperor's strength should be at undying level 5, but that treasure is terrifying!"

An undying level 6 old man muttered!

"What a powerful god weapon!"

In front, the Tiger Chaos Demon Country Leader, Imperial preceptor and the rest of the Warriors saw this scene and their pupils shrank!

They looked at each other and let out a sigh of relief!

When they went to the Dragon Palace to buy war pets, they had investigated the dragon palace and found out that it had a terrifying array that could restrict the undying emperor from escaping back to his God Country!

This array had the same effect as the imprisonment ring!

They were extremely shocked. The imprisonment ring they had used to kill the Warriors from the demon sect was something they had paid a huge price for!

In fact, they didn't even get the undying god King Level 6 imprisonment ring, it was too rare and expensive!

The weapon that the Dragon King used now had such an effect, it was terrifying!

"No no no!"

At this moment, the crown prince standing in the center saw this scene, he shook his head and muttered with a pale face! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

His face was filled with fear!

Just now, the woman he liked wanted to marry him. With the powerful Fey kingdom, his status had risen. Now, the woman he liked was killed by the Fey kingdom's experts on the spot!

The Inferno God dynasty's experts were instantly suppressed!

He looked up in confusion and looked at his grandfather!

"The current crown prince's character is too weak. He was bewitched by her and was stripped of his position as the crown prince. He has been imprisoned for 5,000 years. Unless he has stepped into the Undying Godly monarch realm, he is not allowed to come out early!"

Heaven Fey Imperial preceptor glanced at him and said coldly!

"Yes!"

Two soldiers immediately walked over and looked at the crown prince sympathetically before suppressing him!

The current Crown Prince of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country was not honorable. He could be abandoned unless he stepped into the godly monarch realm!

The descendants of the Tiger Chaos Demon Country's king would number at least 800,000 if not millions!

They would not offend a powerful faction just to obtain a disciple!

"This..."

The princes of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom trembled when they saw this scene. They looked at the high platform where the Dragon Palace was located and their eyes were filled with respect!

"As expected, the Dragon King and the rest are very strong. How can our chaotic tiger demon kingdom become enemies because of him!"

Hu Lingya heaved a heavy sigh of relief. Looking at his brother who was being imprisoned, a smile appeared on his face instead!

"Hahaha, Dragon King, what a good move!"

The king of Chaotic Tiger Nation laughed out loud and said to Wang Xian!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian laughed and waved his hand at Prime Minister Gui!

"Congratulations to the founding of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation for 20 million years. Congratulations to the old National Master for his breakthrough in cultivation!"

Prime Minister Gui led a group of experts from the Dragon Palace and flew over to the king of Chaotic Tiger Nation!

"Haha, Dragon King is Thoughtful!"

When chaotic tiger country's leader saw how the Dragon Palace was giving him face, he laughed out loud and cupped his hands towards Wang Xian. Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor also laughed!

"The Dragon Palace's strength isn't very weak, at least at the peak of the third-rate!"

"If there isn't an immortal king level 6 powerhouse, it should be at the peak of the third-rate. However, it seems like it has a good relationship with the chaotic Tiger Demon Country!"

"Now that the chaotic tiger demon country and the demon Slayer sect are going to war, the chaotic tiger demon country needs a few allies too. As everyone knows, the chaotic tiger demon country has fewer friends!"

The surrounding forces were discussing in hushed tones!

The chaotic tiger demon country was giving face to Wang Xian, so Wang Xian naturally gave face to the chaotic tiger demon country too. Face was a mutual thing!

The following celebration did not have any unforeseen circumstances. Each and every force sent their congratulatory gifts!

An hour later, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation served their food and a simple exchange ended!

The entire celebration lasted for two hours!

In two hours, everything that the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation wanted to show had already been shown!

"Dragon King, please forgive us for today's unexpected incident!"

After the celebration ended, the National Master came to the palace where Wang Xian was staying and said to him with a smile!

"Haha, Imperial Preceptor, I'm not that stingy!"

Wang Xian smiled and said nonchalantly!

"Dragon King, we've been busy for the past few days. We're going to attack the demon slaying sect soon, so we can't receive you. Please forgive us!"

The Imperial preceptor said!

"It's alright. We have something to settle immediately!"

Wang Xian shook his head!

"Dragon King, we have another request. Of course, we also want to buy a treasure from you!"

Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor looked at Wang Xian and said expectantly!

"Oh? What are you buying?"

Wang Xian asked him doubtfully!

"Dragon King, we found out from your starry sky that Your Dragon Palace has an array formation that can trap immortal godly monarchs!"

"We know that the price of this item is very high, but we are willing to pay a huge price to purchase it!"

The Imperial preceptor of heaven demon looked at him and hesitated for a moment before continuing, "Of course, we also know that this treasure is extremely precious. Even if the Dragon King doesn't sell it to us, he won't hurt our feelings!"

"I can sell it to you!"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment before speaking!

Now, Wang Xian not only had a black hole spatial disturbance formation that could trap his enemies, but the divine emperor of Heaven Array had also developed another one during this period of time!

This research could be considered to be due to the fact that he was currently in a Soul State!

The newly developed formation was called the spatial lock formation. Not only could it prevent him from sensing the divine kingdom, it could also restrict him from moving!

The spatial lock formation was much more powerful than the black hole spatial disturbance formation!

With the spatial lock formation, Wang Xian could basically give up on the black hole spatial disturbance formation in the future!

However, Wang Xian knew how powerful and terrifying this formation was. He didn't want too many people to obtain it!

"I can give you five formation compasses, each covering an area of 100 million kilometers. They can trap a level 5 immortal King!"

"As for the reward, I want you to kill the corpses of your enemies. As long as they are corpses, you can take away their treasures!"

"Be careful. This kind of formation can be easily broken by a level 6 immortal King!"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment. He looked at the items in the mother nest and handed them over to him!

"Alright, five is Enough!"

Heaven Demon Imperial Preceptor's face was filled with excitement. Once they obtained such a terrifying formation, they would be able to kill their enemies hundreds of times over!

"Thank you, Dragon King. We, the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation, are bound to be your friends. If you have any matters in the future, you can come to us directly. We will not decline!"

The celestial demon Imperial preceptor cupped his hands at Wang Xian and said solemnly!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his hand. It could be considered as a complete friendship between the two major factions!

"Then I shall not disturb you, Dragon King. We will be sending out our troops soon!"

After the Celestial Demon Imperial Preceptor finished speaking, he immediately walked towards the core palace of the Demon God Palace!

The war between the tiger turmoil demon nation and the demon Slayer sect had already begun. He wanted to participate in the war personally!