Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2532: 2,532 Emperor Star Ladies’concert

"Brother, grandfather, old country leader, we got the array, five, Dragon King gave five!"

"The highest can trap an undying level 5 warrior, it can cover an area of over 100 million km."

Within the Core Palace of the Demon God Palace, the group of undyings from the Tiger Chaos Demon Country gathered. Heaven Demon Imperial preceptor walked in, his face filled with excitement!

"Five! Alright, Alright, Alright. This time, we will make the demon slaying sect pay a heavy price for what they have done to us over the past ten million years!"

On the main seat, the old king immediately stood up with an excited expression. A violent baleful aura surged out of his body as he roared coldly!

"What conditions does the Dragon King Want?"

The old imperial preceptor suppressed the excitement in his heart as he asked!

"Grandfather, the Dragon King only wants the corpse of the enemy we killed. He only wants the corpse, nothing else!"

The National Master said with a Smile!

"Oh? Although the corpse of an expert is a good material, the things he wants are too low. It seems that our chaotic tiger demon nation owes him a favor!"

The old National Master said with a Smile!

"It seems that befriending the dragon palace is a wise choice. At least the Dragon King is very magnanimous!"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation said with a smile on his face!

"Let's put aside the other matters and prepare for the battle. This time, they have slaughtered the people of our two planets from the demon sect. Today, they will pay with blood!"

The old National Advisor stood up slowly and roared with a murderous look on his face!

"Pay with blood!"

The rest of the people roared!

"Dragon King, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation has started to take action. This is the history of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!"

In a palace in the Demon God Palace, Wang Xian and Prime Minister Gui were standing on the second floor of the main hall. They were looking at the murderous army outside!

"This demon Slayer sect really deserves to die. The chaotic tiger demon nation has practically grown to this stage under their oppression!"

Wang Xian took a look at some of the things about the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

In the southern star system, the heaven demons were relatively weaker. Many of them were captured and used as mounts!

Led by the demon Slayer sect, they hunted the sky demons crazily and sold them!

Meanwhile, the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom, which was established by the Sky Demons, was gradually growing up to compete with the demon Slayer sect!

This confrontation would last for tens of millions of years!

"The demon Slayer sect will have to pay a heavy price this time. The chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom is also a major force. The upcoming war will probably affect many planets!"

Prime Minister Gui said!

"This matter is beyond our control!"

Wang Xian said!

"Let's go, let's go. Auntie Ying has already discussed with some forces on Xing Hua Planet. The concert will start in two days. Let's go to Xing Hua Planet!"

At this moment, the voice of the Imperial Star Lady came from behind!

"Oh? Are You Ready? Let's go then!"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and said with a smile!

"Let's go. We need to familiarize ourselves with the venue when we get there!"

Di Xingnu urged!

"Got it!"

Wang Xian nodded and gestured to Prime Minister Gui at the side!

The group walked out of the palace. After sending a message to the imperial preceptor of heaven demon, Wang Xian flew directly to the teleportation formation!

"There are millions of people in a small concert. I'll be a little nervous when I get up on Stage!"

"Sister yinxuan, it's not that I want to say this, but once you become a singer, I'll be ranked behind you in the future. With your strength and sound waves, you can totally make people fall into an environment. It's still too early for me to reach this stage!"

"But this time, with sister Yinxuan's group of Dolphin sisters accompanying me, I think this concert will be very perfect!"

The two girls were chatting excitedly at the side!

This was the first time Tang Yinxuan had performed in front of so many people!

And the imperial star lady was excited because she had a group of immortal god King level grandmasters accompanying her!

Wang Xian looked over and smiled!

Through the teleportation formation, the group was directly teleported to Xing Hua Planet!

Xing Hua Planet, one of the five major commercial planets! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The five major commercial planets of the Xingnan Galaxy were each controlled by powerful forces!

Xing hua planet was controlled by three forces!

They were the Jianhua Group, the Black Forest Group, and the three seas gate!

The two major groups and one major sect, these three forces were comparable to the Tiger Chaos Demon Nation!

Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to control a commercial planet!

As for the other four commercial planets, they were controlled by the pinnacle forces of the star Southern Galaxy!

These four forces had an immortal King Level 7 powerhouse for a long time!

"Let's wait here. Someone will be coming to pick us up soon!"

Empress Star Lady looked at the AI and said to Wang Xian and the rest!

Auntie Ying had already come here to settle some matters. All of their matters were arranged by someone!

The Imperial Star Lady was one of the top female celebrities in the imperial star region. Any force would welcome her warmly if she were to hold a concert here!

Not only could the entrance tickets be sold for a large number of divine stones, but there were also some s. One could also earn a considerable profit!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Not long after, a sky-blue luxurious fleet of cars drove over!

The cars stopped neatly beside Wang Xian and the rest!

Aunt Ying walked out from one of the cars and walked towards di Xingnu!

"This... This is the goddess of stars who changed her appearance?"

Aunt Ying walked over and a group of young men and women walked out from the other cars. They followed her and looked at Di Xingnu as they asked hesitantly!

"Yes!"

Di Xingnu nodded coldly at them!

"Wow, goddess of stars, can you give me an autograph?"

A girl couldn't help but Exclaim!

"Alright, Miss, Let's go. Let's Rest for a while and take a look at the venue!"

Aunt Ying gestured to the girl to put her things away and said to Di Xingnu!

Di Xingnu nodded slowly and walked straight to the car in front!

Wang Xian and the rest followed behind with a smile. This superstar was quite stylish!

"Hmph, I've already taken out my things. She didn't even give me a name to sign!"

When the girl saw di Xingnu completely ignoring her, she said with slight displeasure!

"That's right. She's completely disguised. There's no way to tell that she's the star goddess. I want to take a closer look at the star Goddess!"

A young man beside him shook his head!

"Don't think too much about it. Not to mention that she might have a deep background, just her influence alone isn't something we can withstand!"

A young man reminded them to the side, afraid that they would go overboard!

"Brother song, we naturally know about this!"

The group of young men and women nodded!

Although they were all heaven's favored disciples of this generation of the three major forces, their statuses could not be compared to the Empress!

Perhaps with the Empress's appeal, some of the young disciples of the Central Region of the imperial star region would lead experts to come and annihilate them!

They still knew some propriety!

"Let's go. Although we can't get close to her, at least we can properly admire the empress's appearance in the first row!"

A young man said with a smile!