Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2533: 3533’s stunning performance had made a perfect debut

Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Not bad, star goddess, you're very cool!"

In a luxurious car on Xing Hua Planet, Wang Xian looked at di Xingnu and teased her!

Di Xingnu rolled her eyes at him and ignored him!

"Sister Xingnu is at least a famous celebrity in the Imperial Star Field. What do you mean by 'very cool'?"

Tang Yinxuan, who was beside him, rolled her eyes at him as well and spoke on behalf of Di Xingnu!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled!

A top-notch celebrity like Imperial Star Lady had fans all over the entire imperial star region. Her fans numbered in the trillions. Naturally, she could ignore fans like that when she met them!

It wasn't that she was arrogant, but as the one who set up the venue, she should have this rule!

The luxurious car quickly drove towards the center of Xing Hua Planet and entered a villa!

"Miss, the other party has already prepared a banquet. Let's go to the venue to have a look!"

The car door opened and Auntie Ying said softly!

"Alright!"

Imperial star lady nodded and the group walked into the villa!

"Welcome, star Goddess. It is our honor for the star goddess to be able to choose our Xing Hua Planet to hold a concert!"

When they entered, the group immediately came over to welcome them!

The group was a middle-aged man and woman, and there were two old men among them. They wore black and blue clothes, and they should be the people from the Black Forest Group and the three seas gate, two of the forces that controlled Xing Hua Planet!

"Everyone, it is a pleasure to work with you!"

The imperial star lady smiled politely and returned to her original smile!

"It's a pleasure to work with you. Come to the celestial goddess, we've had a long journey. Let's prepare the most popular delicacies on Xing Hua Planet!"

A hint of experience flashed across everyone's eyes when they saw celestial goddess Emperor returning to her original appearance!

A hint of passion flashed across the eyes of many middle-aged men as well!

With her perfect face and body, coupled with the aura of a top-tier celebrity, she was truly a goddess that could topple countries and cities!

"So Beautiful!"

A group of young men and women who followed behind entered. When they saw the face of the empress, they were unable to extricate themselves!

Wang Xian curled his lips slightly at the side. The Empress'face was just like Yin Xuan's. It was just that she had the aura of a celebrity!

Wang Xian was very satisfied with the delicious meal. After the meal, the Empress and the group of people formed a shadow and looked at the location of the venue!

The venue was located in a stadium on Xing Hua Planet. Millions of people could watch it at the same time!

They took a simple glance and returned to the villa where they were staying!

After that, Wang Xian became bored. Yin Xuan asked the Empress Star Lady Some questions on the stage!

He turned on his AI and looked at all kinds of information!

On the second day, a piece of information shocked the entire star Southern Galaxy!

The Tiger Chaos Immortal Demon Country and the demon Slayer sect had completely erupted into a war that destroyed the stars!

In just ten hours, the Tiger Chaos Immortal Demon Country had destroyed the three vital planets of the demon Slayer sect!

The planets exploded and billions of people died!

Under the leadership of the Level 7 undying godly monarch, the Tiger Chaos Immortal Demon Country slaughtered more than a hundred undying godly monarchs of the demon Slayer sect!

Now, the demon Slayer sect was being defeated one after another!

"This is War!"

Wang Xian watched indifferently. The war between the two forces was just so cruel.

In the war, there were innocent people, but in the war, there were no innocent people either!

"Looks like the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is going to win this war!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

"Quick, quick, quick, Wang Xian, let's Go!"

In the evening, a voice came from outside. Wang Xian smiled and walked out of his room!

"The concert will start in half an hour. We have to rush over!"

Celestial Maiden urged him!

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded and looked at Yin Xuan. "Wow, Honey, you look so beautiful tonight!"

He was dressed in sky-blue clothes with a pink dolphin embroidered on it. It made him look noble and beautiful!

He could not help but walk over and hugged her body!

"Alright, Stargirl is still watching. Let's hurry up and leave!"

Tang Yinxuan was a little shy as she struggled free!

"Dog food!"

Di Xingnu, who was at the side, pouted and muttered!

Everyone immediately rushed to the concert venue!

They arrived at the back of the stage five minutes earlier. When Wang Xian and the rest arrived, there were already many people waiting backstage!

"Star goddess, there are only five minutes left!"

A middle-aged man walked over and said while looking at Di Xingnu!

"She's So Pretty!"

"She's even prettier than yesterday. If only I could gain the admiration of the star Goddess!"

"You? Don't even think about it!"

Beside them, a group of young men whispered to Di Xingnu while looking at her!

"Eh? Look, look at the girl beside the star Goddess. She's also very pretty!"

"Hiss, that's true. I didn't notice it earlier. She's not inferior to the goddess of stars at all!"

"It's not just her. Look at the five girls holding musical instruments behind her. They're also very beautiful!"

Conversations rang out one after another. It wasn't just the young men. Some middle-aged men and girls also glanced at them from time to time!

Everyone had a heart for beauty!

Wang Xian smiled and looked at them from the side!

"It's about to start. I'll go on stage first. Sister Yinxuan, you wait here now!"

Very soon, the concert began. Di Xingnu walked onto the stage!

The millions of people in front immediately cheered!

"Yinxuan, don't be nervous. Let me tell you, you're much better than that girl, Xingnu. You sing much better, and you're even prettier than her!"

Wang Xian walked to Tang Yinxuan's figure and said to her!

"You've been badmouthing Xingnu ever since she left!"

Tang Yinxuan rolled her eyes at him and said with a smile!

"Hehe, I'm telling the truth!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Alright, look at Xingnu's singing. Look at her perfect performance on Stage!"

Tang Yinxuan looked ahead!

With the technology of this dazzling world, they could see it clearly from the back!

Moreover, even if imperial star's back was facing them, the power of the technology made it seem as if they were facing them head-on. No matter from what angle, they were facing them head-on!

Everyone looked at the Perfect Stargirl on the stage and listened to the beautiful song!

This time, with the accompaniment of five beautiful dolphin girls, it was even more fascinating!

Compared to the previous performance on Planet Dongchi, it was several times better!

"Young Master Ji!"

"Young Master Ji is here!"

"Hello, Young Master Ji!"

At this moment, voices of greetings came from behind!

Wang Xian took a glance!

A young man was walking over. He was dressed in sky-blue clothes. His face was a little long and he was wearing a pair of boots!

His hair was tied up and there was a haughty look on his face. It was obvious that he had an extraordinary status!

When he walked over, be it the young man, the middle-aged man, or even a few elders, all of them called him young master Ji!

"En!"

The young man nodded indifferently, and his gaze fell on the chair at the side!

At the side, a few young men immediately poured wine for the young man, and a few middle-aged elders came behind him!

"TSK TSK, as expected of the Celestial Emperor's daughter. She's really perfect. Only a woman like her can make people feel the desire to conquer her!"

He raised his head and drank a cup of wine!