Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2534: 3534’s shocking performance was perfect

"Young Master Ji, she's the star goddess, she has a huge amount of popularity, and according to rumors, her background is extremely deep, the manager beside her has always been undying level 6!"

The youth leaned on the sofa, shaking the wine glass in his hand!

An old man beside him immediately bent down and said bitterly!

"Hehe, it's a pity that our three seas sect is still too weak. I know my limits when it comes to some matters!"

The young man said coldly and placed the cup in his hand heavily on the table!

The people around lowered their heads slightly and did not dare to speak!

"HMM? The strength of the eternal God Lord actually made the immortal king so respectful!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across and raised his eyebrows. His eyes revealed a look of surprise!

Any faction would always respect strength. Take the current crown prince of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation as an example. His status was respectable enough. However, in reality, he was not as respectable as an expert who had just stepped into the immortal godly monarch realm!

Even if he was a core disciple of a big family, his status was not as respectable as an expert!

Of course, an existence as monstrous as invincible in battle techniques was an exception!

"There is a special aura on his body. It's as if he has been revived after the fall of an expert!"

Wang Xian thought to himself and didn't pay too much attention to it!

"I met a good sister here in the southern star system. The fans who are paying attention to me should know something, right?"

"That's right, it's our dolphin princess, Yinxuan. Next, we will perform a song together!"

After nearly an hour, the imperial star lady on the stage spoke. She turned around and looked at Tang Yinxuan!

"Little Xian, I'm going on Stage!"

Tang Yinxuan said to Wang Xian nervously!

"Yinxuan, you're the best. You're ten times more powerful than di Xingnu!"

Wang Xian immediately cheered her on!

"You're badmouthing Xing nu again!"

Tang Yinxuan rolled her eyes at him and felt a little relieved. She walked up to the stage gracefully!

After all, Tang Yinxuan was an undying god King level powerhouse, she could easily handle such a situation!

"Hello Everyone, I'm Tang Yinxuan!"

Tang Yinxuan walked onto the stage and waved at everyone!

Following which, she and Emperor Star Lady began to sing!

The moment her voice was heard, the powerful use of sound waves immediately entered everyone's minds!

Imperial star's singing could make people feel happy. When they entered an illusion, Tang Yinxuan's singing could do the same. Furthermore, it gave people a more realistic and shocking feeling!

"Oh? What a beautiful singing voice?"

At the back of the stage, a group of young men and women heard the singing voice. Their faces were filled with shock as they looked forward!

"So Beautiful, her singing voice is so beautiful, she's so beautiful!"

"She's so beautiful, who is she? She doesn't seem to be any worse than imperial star's singing. In fact, she's even more outstanding!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"She's so beautiful! In the future, she'll definitely be a top-notch singer no weaker than Imperial Star's Goddess!"

Exclamations rang out one after another!

At the same time, in the audience stands, everyone was somewhat stunned when Imperial Star's goddess suddenly called a beautiful woman to sing together!

However, when they heard this singing voice, their eyes widened and their mouths slightly opened!

She was not inferior to star lady at all!

Almost everyone was certain that the beautiful woman next to star lady might not be inferior to star lady in the future!

"Gulp!"

At the back, Young Master Ji's eyes flickered as he stared at the stage in front of him. He slowly picked up the wine cup on the table again!

He swallowed all the wine in one gulp, and his eyes flickered with a fiery expression!

"Who is that woman?"

He looked at the few middle-aged elders beside him and said indifferently!

"This... Young Master Ji, we don't know either. But just now, the star Lady introduced that she should be from our star South star system!"

An elder frowned slightly and shook his head!

"Do you guys think this beauty will be popular in the Imperial Star Field?"

Young Master Ji slowly sat up and asked the young men and women beside him!

"Young master Ji, according to my guess, she should be. Her singer is simply too beautiful. She is not inferior to the star goddess at all!"

"Her appearance is not inferior to the star goddess. Her figure is perfect. She will definitely be popular!"

A few young men beside him spoke with almost certainty!

"I think so too. She's another perfect woman!"

Young master Ji narrowed his golden eyes slightly, and his eyes sparkled!

The concert continued. Tang Yinxuan's appearance did not cause the audience to feel the slightest bit dissatisfied. Instead, they all watched with fiery eyes!

The entire concert lasted for a total of seventy minutes. Tang Yinxuan and the Emperor Star Lady sang three songs together and two songs alone!

"Goddess of stars, goddess of Stars!"

"Goddess of Yinxuan, goddess of Yinxuan!"

After the concert ended, the audience erupted into an earth-shattering roar!

Emperor Xingnu and Tang Yinxuan smiled, bowed, and retreated to the back of the stage!

"Huala!"

At the back, Young Master Ji saw that they had retreated and immediately stood up. His gaze fell on Tang Yinxuan, and his eyes sparkled as he walked straight over!

"Young Master Ji!"

Behind him, a group of middle-aged men called out softly!

"Shut up, I know what I'm doing!"

Young Master Ji said indifferently, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Little Xian, I..."

"The singing of the two beauties is simply too perfect. Hello, ladies, my name is young master Ji Jian. You can just call me young master Ji!"

Tang Yinxuan walked towards Wang Xian excitedly. At this moment, a few figures walked over!

The corners of Ji Shaojian's mouth curled up slightly. He extended his hand and said to Tang Yinxuan!

"HMM?"

Tang Yinxuan looked at Ji Shaojian and the rest and was slightly stunned. Then, she nodded her head politely. "Thank you for your compliment!"

As she spoke, she walked straight ahead!

"This beauty, do you have time for dinner?"

Seeing that Tang Yinxuan didn't extend her hand, Ji Shaojian continued to speak!

"No, please make way!"

At this moment, Wang Xian walked over and gave Ji Shaojian a nonchalant glance!

"HMM?"

Ji Shaojian's body paused as he looked at Wang Xian!

"Xiao Xian!"

Tang yinxuan walked over, held his hand and asked, "How was my performance?"

"Perfect, a hundred times more perfect than star Lady!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Wang Xian, I think you want to Die!"

At the side, the celestial maiden heard it and glared at Wang Xian fiercely!

"Haha, Alright, Alright. Let's go and find a place to celebrate!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to them!

"Two Beauties, our three seas sect has prepared a banquet. Give us some face!"

At the side, Ji Shaojian spoke to them without any expression on his face!

"There's no need. Let's Go!"

Di Xingnu glanced at her and completely ignored her!

Tang Yinxuan didn't even look at her!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian didn't bother with the fellow at the side as he led them out!

"Hehe, you're really not giving me face!"

Ji Shaojian stood there as his face slowly darkened!

"Young Master Ji, the star Goddess is not someone we can offend!"

An old man said in a low voice!

"You don't have to remind me again, I know. Then... What about the other one? hehehe!"