Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2535: The 2535 strong dragon could not suppress the local snake

What about the other one?

Ji Shaojian's words caused the surrounding youths and middle-aged elders to be slightly stunned!

The other one, they naturally knew who he was referring to!

The woman who had just appeared, the woman who possessed a strength that was not inferior to the star goddess!

"Young Master Ji, for that woman to be able to be together with the star goddess, I'm afraid..."

A middle-aged man frowned and said in a low voice!

"The star Goddess is the star goddess, and the others are others. Didn't you hear that the woman is from the southern star system? Why? Are they still from the four forces?"

Ji Shaojian's face turned cold as he looked at the middle-aged man and said!

"Young Master Ji, let's immediately investigate the identity of that Woman!"

The old man beside bowed and said immediately!

"Immediately!"

Ji Shao Jian said coldly!

"Yes Yes!"

The group of middle aged men nodded respectfully!

"Only a lady like this can make people want to conquer her!"

Ji Shao Jian licked his lips and laughed coldly!

The surrounding youths all looked at Ji Shao Jian respectfully. They were already core disciples of the three seas sect, however compared to this youth before them, their statuses were a million miles apart!

He was not on the same level as them, he was the son of their three seas sect leader, a former Undying Level 5 warrior!

After his death, he had been revived with blood, and he had yet to fully recover his memories!

His sect leader's father was an undying level 6 warrior, his grandfather was also an undying level 6 warrior!

The current him, in the entire three seas sect, even the Undying Level 4 and 5 warriors had to treat him with respect!

"Congratulations on our Yinxuan's stunning performance, a perfect debut!"

On the top floor of a building on Xing Hua Planet, Guan Shuqing and the other girls raised their glasses and congratulated Tang Yinxuan!

"Hehe, thank you sisters!"

Tang Yinxuan smiled!

"From now on, we can let the big stars perform live for us!"

Feng Luan and the rest joked with him!

"Of course, there's no problem. Let Xiao Xian dance with us in the future!"

"Hahaha, this can be done!"

The group of girls chatted happily while di Xingnu sat at the side and watched with a smile!

"They are so nice. If my father could also deal with the relationship between my mother and the other aunties like this..."

Di Xingnu glanced at Wang Xian and said softly.

However, she soon shook her head slightly!

Her father, a woman, was 10 to 100 times more than Wang Xian!

It was impossible to handle things like this!

After Tang Yinxuan finished chatting with the group of girls, she started chatting with the Empress Star and Wang Xian. Everyone was in a good mood!

"Bang!"

"Everyone, sorry to disturb you!"

"Congratulations to Beauty Tang Yinxuan for her perfect performance tonight!"

At this moment, the door was suddenly opened. Ji Shaojian was standing at the door with a smile on his face!

Beside him, a waiter was pushing a dining table. There was a huge and exquisite pastry on it!

Around him, there were more than ten middle-aged and elderly people!

"Huh?"

The people who came in all of a sudden stunned Wang Xian and the rest!

"Since the gift is here, I Won't Disturb You Anymore!"

Ji Shaojian took a look at Tang Yinxuan before turning around and leaving!

"Miss, this is a gift from Ji Shaojian to you!"

The waiter pushed the gift in front of Tang Yinxuan and said with a smile on his face.

"HMM? Please return the gift to him!"

Tang Yinxuan frowned when she saw the gift being pushed over and said directly!

"I'm sorry, miss. We are only responsible for sending the gift and don't dare to return it!"

The waiter shook his head bitterly and sped up his pace to leave!

"Wow, Sister Yinxuan, you've only appeared once and someone has already sent you a gift. Hehe!"

Di Xing who was at the side was rather used to such things. She smiled and said to Tang Yinxuan!

"Little Xian, get someone to send it back to them!"

Tang Yinxuan shook her head and said bitterly to Wang Xian.

"They sure are generous!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and looked at the huge cake that was being pushed over!

He waved his arm and opened it. There was a flower inside!

"Nine fireworks, a level 2 immortal King Level Godly Flower!"

Wang Xian looked at the flower and said indifferently!

"This... is such a valuable item!"

Tang Yinxuan was slightly stunned!

"Wow, I didn't expect sister yinxuan to attract such a rich fan. It's an immortal king level godly flower!"

Empress Star Lady was also surprised.

When he was in the central area, the disciples of the big sects might not even be able to get such a valuable gift!

However, here, someone had gifted such a precious godly flower!

"Prime Minister Gui, go and check the identity of that person!"

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui who was beside him!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

"Hehe, is our Great Dragon King Jealous?"

Di Xingnu teased from the side!

"Sigh, I can't help it. My Woman is too outstanding. I want to take good care of her tonight!"

Wang Xian smiled and put his arm around Tang Yinxuan's shoulder as he teased her!

"Heartless!"

When di Xingnu saw this scene, she felt a deep blow and her face turned dark!

"Haha!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Wang Xian laughed out loud

The few of them played until late into the night. After that, they started to stay in the guest room of this building!

At night, Wang Xian had a good time enjoying being a superstar!

The next morning, Wang Xian and the rest headed outside and prepared to return to the Dragon Palace in the Tianze continent!

The Empress changed her appearance and the group of them headed outside!

"They're out! They're out!"

Just as they were about to come out, a voice suddenly sounded!

In an instant, they could feel the petals falling from the sky!

Wang Xian and the rest were slightly stunned as they looked around!

The petals decorated the surroundings, making the entrance exceptionally beautiful!

There were three flowers in front of them. Each of them was emitting powerful vitality and energy. All of them were at the Immortal King Level!

At the very front, a young man stood there and looked at Tang Yinxuan with a smile on his face!

Around them, a group of people were surrounding them. Some of the young men, middle-aged men, and old men in sky-blue clothes had smiles on their faces!

Some of the middle-aged men's smiles were filled with helplessness!

They also didn't expect young master Ji to be so devoted to a woman that he actually wanted to confess to her in public!

They could only blame it on the fact that young master Ji's memories hadn't completely recovered after his resurrection!

"I didn't expect this noble young master to confess to a girl in such a grand manner!"

"This is goddess Yinxuan, who became famous overnight last night. My Grandfather's eyes were wide open when he saw her!"

"With Young Master Ji's status, there's a very high chance of him getting the beauty back!"

"It's almost 100% . After all, everyone knows Young Master Ji's personality!"

Some of the middle-aged youths who were watching the commotion whispered among themselves!

"This..."

Tang Yinxuan was stunned when she saw this scene. Her face was slightly embarrassed!

Wang Xian frowned and a cold expression appeared on his face!