Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2536: The 2536 strong dragon couldn’t suppress the local snake

"Beauty Tang Yinxuan, Hello!"

At the entrance of a building on Xing Hua Planet, Ji Shaojian looked at Tang yinxuan, picking up the three undying god Emperor level flowers in front of him and walking over!

"Too Romantic!"

"Look at the flower in that handsome guy's hand, what level is that, to actually be able to condense flower petals in space, it's too beautiful!"

"That's an undying emperor level flower, I've never seen it before, this is a very high position young master of the three seas sect, everyone else calls him young master Ji!"

When Ji Shao Jian brought the undying emperor level flower over, the surrounding spectators all revealed shocked expressions!

"This level of confession, who can withstand it!"

A girl couldn't help but say!

"Could it be that Goddess Yinxuan, who became famous yesterday, wants to be taken?"

Some young men mumbled!

"Little Xian, let me handle it!"

Tang Yinxuan looked at Ji Shaojian who was walking over and whispered to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly!

Tang Yinxuan moved her palm and the nine fireworks that was sent over yesterday appeared in her hand!

"Huh? What's going on? Could it be that Goddess Yinxuan and young master Ji are already on good terms?"

Everyone was slightly stunned when they saw a flower suddenly appear in Tang Yinxuan's hand!

Young Master Ji Jian, who was walking over, raised his eyebrows slightly and walked over with a smile on his face!

"I'm sending you three flowers, Goddess Yinxuan. Let's have breakfast together!"

Young Master Ji Jian looked at Tang Yinxuan, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he spoke!

"Thank you for the flowers yesterday. They're too expensive. Here, we have something to do. We'll be leaving soon. Please excuse us for a year!"

Tang Yinxuan waved her arm and the flowers floated in front of him!

"Huh?"

His words made Ji Shaojian frown. He forced a smile and said in a low voice, "Goddess Yinxuan, I invited you in public, but you rejected me like this. It's embarrassing!"

"This time, please give me, Ji Shaojian, some face!"

As he spoke, his eyes sparkled!

"I'm Sorry!"

Tang Yinxuan shook her head!

"Eh? What's going on? Goddess Yinxuan seems to be rejecting young master Ji!"

"I think so. No Way. With Young Master Ji's status in the three seas sect, she actually rejected him. What a personality!"

Some of the people around were slightly surprised when they saw the situation in front of them!

"Miss Tang Yinxuan, please give the three seas sect some face!"

Ji Shaojian's expression turned cold as he spoke again in a low voice!

"Hehe, so what if I don't give it to you?"

Wang Xian laughed when he heard ji Shaojian's words. He stood at the side and spoke indifferently!

"Dragon King, right?"

Ji Shaojian raised his head slightly when he heard Wang Xian's words. He looked at him and asked, "Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, right?"

"It's a force from a remote place. Its strength is not bad. However, this is planet Xing Hua. It's our territory. A strong dragon can not suppress a local snake!"

"Moreover, your dragon palace can not be called a strong dragon either. Hehe!"

As he spoke, there was a hint of a smile on his face. He looked at Tang yinxuan again and said, "It's just a celebrity. If you have a background, you are a celebrity. If you don't have a background, you can either find a background or pay something!"

"Is that so? A person who almost died dares to be so arrogant here?"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and said mockingly!

"Who are you talking about?"

Upon hearing this, Ji Shaojian raised his head abruptly and shouted at Wang Xian with a murderous aura!

"Hahaha, who are you talking about? A crippled guy who is still acting so arrogantly here. Why Don't you take a look at yourself in the Mirror!"

Wang Xian continued to mock him! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

A Guy who had lived for an unknown number of years and was exterminated. Now that he was resurrected, he still wanted to pursue Yin Xuan. He was really courting death!

"You're courting death!"

He threw the flowers in his hand onto the ground and stared at Wang Xian with a murderous look!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, the experts from the three seas sect instantly arrived behind Ji Shaojian!

"Young Master Ji!"

They roared with a slightly embarrassed expression!

"Dragon King, do you know that your words will make the entire Dragon Palace History?"

Ji Shaojian raised his head and stared at him with a ghastly expression!

"Hehe, I really don't believe the words of a person who was almost killed!"

Wang Xian shook his head contemptuously!

"You're courting death!"

When Ji Shaojian heard Wang Xian mentioning his sore spot again, his eyes were filled with killing intent. A sharp sword appeared in his hand!

"Young Master Ji!"

The expressions of the people beside him changed slightly!

"Young Master Ji, this is a commercial planet!"

In the surrounding area, an old man dressed in black frowned and spoke immediately!

A surge of energy stopped the sharp sword in his hand!

"Very good, very good. Dragon King, Tang Yinxuan, you are the first people who didn't give me face. Very soon, you will kneel down and beg me!"

Ji Shaojian's expression changed. He stared at Wang Xian and Tang Yinxuan without concealing his killing intent. "I'm looking forward to how you will look like when you kneel down and beg me!"

As he spoke, his expression turned ferocious!

"This... This faction has completely offended young master Ji!"

"I didn't expect it to end up like this. This... Young Master Ji is too powerful!"

"What faction is that? I'm afraid it's going to be a disaster!"

"I think it's going to be over. Since Young Master Ji and the rest dared to threaten us, they must have some understanding of this faction!"

When the onlookers saw this scene, they were slightly shocked!

A confession had turned into a threat. Only someone like young master ji could do such a domineering thing!

"Haha!"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian let out a maniacal laugh!

"Young Master Ji, right? I think it's the best choice for you to become a dead man!"

Wang Xian was a little angry. A fellow who had died once only possessed the strength of the eternal lord. How dare he be so arrogant in front of him!

And he even dared to threaten him!

"A strong dragon can't defeat a local snake? In My Eyes, you are not considered a local snake!"

As soon as he finished his sentence, the five elements millstone appeared above his head!

"Oh no!"

"You're courting death. How dare you attack!"

The moment Wang Xian attacked, the expressions of the three seas gate's people changed drastically!

A terrifying law burst out from the bodies of the Three Seas Gate's powerhouses!

Buzz

However, at the next moment, the five elements millstone shot out rays of light. A terrifying law of annihilation engulfed them!

"Not good!"

"He actually dared to make a move on Xing Hua Planet!"

"Is he courting death?"

Everyone was shocked when they saw Wang Xian making a move!

It was forbidden to make a move on commercial planets. Once they made a move, they would be hunted down by the planet's controller!

Those who controlled commercial planets were all the top forces in the southern star system!

No one dared to cause trouble here!

Even Young Master Ji had to abide by the rules here!

"Boom!"

A power of law that had been destroyed landed on everyone from the three seas gate. They didn't even have time to react as they stood there with faces full of fear!

An incomparably terrifying energy swept past and rapidly extinguished their vitality!

Standing in front of him, young master Ji's eyes were wide open, filled with panic and despair!