Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2537: The influence of the 2537 star goddess

Boom

As the energy swept across, a muffled sound rang out in front of Xing Hua planet's Building!

Everyone from the three seas gate who was covered by the five elements grinding mill was instantly killed, including four immortal godly monarchs!

Ji Shaojian's body landed heavily on the ground. His eyes were wide open and filled with shock!

"HMPH, a piece of trash. How dare you threaten me!"

Wang Xian glanced at the corpses with contempt. He waved his arm and kept them away!

"Let's Go!"

He spoke to the celestial maiden of Yinxuan and the members of the Dragon Palace and immediately flew into the void!

"Hiss, they actually killed young master Ji!"

"They actually dared to kill people on Xing Hua Planet. Do they not want to live anymore?"

When everyone around saw this scene, they were shocked!

Young Master Ji, a group of experts from the three seas sect were killed on the spot!

This was a commercial planet!

"You guys are courting death. How dare you kill people on Xing Hua Commercial Planet!"

Around them, the immortal godly king dressed in black had a drastic change in expression. He shouted at Wang Xian and the rest!

However, he did not rush over. After witnessing Wang Xian's terrifying strength, he immediately took out an item!

Buzz

With a handle in his hand, he pressed a button!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At the next moment, an alarm bell rang in the air!

The alarm bell instantly spread across more than half of Xing Hua Planet!

"Huh?"

"This is? An expert broke the rules on Xing Hua Planet?"

Everyone was slightly shocked. Upon hearing the alarm, some of the experts immediately flew into the sky!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At the same time, the alarm rang. Terrifying battleships flew out from the Sky One after another!

Among them, there was a battleship that was at least a million kilometers in size that crawled out from a crack in the void. The cannon barrels on it contained an ice-cold aura!

"You're courting death!"

In the sky, Wang Xian saw the entire planet operating in an instant. War machines appeared one after another and a hint of shock appeared on his face!

"The commercial planet is indeed powerful!"

His eyes sparkled as he saw the figure of an expert flying out from the spaceship. His eyes were filled with killing intent!

He thought that he was the controller of the commercial planet and dared to threaten him. If all of you were to make a move, Wang Xian would definitely not show mercy!

"All members, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian said coldly!

"D * mn, Wang Xian killed well just now. That guy is too arrogant. I have been a celebrity for so many years, but this is the first time I have met such an arrogant guy!"

"Auntie Ying, help me to amplify my voice!"

At the side, the Imperial Star Lady looked a little embarrassed when she saw this scene. She spoke to Auntie Ying directly!

"Okay!"

Auntie Ying nodded!

"I am the Imperial Star Lady. Today, the Master of Xing Hua Planet, Young Master Three Seas Gate Ji, is lustful. He directly threatened Yin Xuan and even said that he wouldn't agree to destroy her power!"

"How interesting. My Imperial Star Lady has held thousands of concerts and has visited all the major commercial planets in the imperial star area. This is the first time I have seen such a person and seen such a planet. What a joke!"

"Commercial planets, everything is equal. Xing hua planet, what a piece of trash!"

The Celestial Maiden's face was filled with anger as she spoke directly. Under Auntie Ying's loudspeaker, everyone on Xing Hua Planet could hear her clearly!

"This..."

When her voice resounded throughout the entire planet, everyone was slightly taken aback. Their faces revealed an incomparably shocked expression!

"What... What's going on? What the F * ck? Xing hua planet's master, Young Master Three Seas Gate Ji, is lustful and wants to do something to Goddess Yin Xuan, and he even directly threatened her?"

"Xing Hua Planet actually did such a thing. F * CK, is this even a F * cking commercial planet? Bullsh * T!"

"The space battleships in the sky are targeting our star goddess. F * CK, damn it!"

At this moment, the entire planet Xing Hua was slightly agitated!

Most of the people who watched the concert last night did not leave. Now that they heard the star Goddess'voice, they were all extremely furious!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the next moment, tens of millions of people flew into the sky in anger!

One must not underestimate a celebrity's fans!

Sometimes, some fans'actions were extremely crazy!

"Oh no!"

When this voice rang out, the faces of the Jian Hua Group, the Black Forest Group, and the three seas gate who controlled Xing Hua Planet changed drastically!

"How did they offend the star goddess? Are they attacking the star Goddess and her people now?"

Their faces changed drastically, and the disciples of the three forces raised their heads and flew towards the direction of the signal!

"Stop the Attack!"

In the sky, inside the spaceship, an old man stood in the command room with a gloomy face!

His face was extremely gloomy!

Was the star goddess down there?

There were people in the AI saying that the star Goddess had a deep background, and she might be a disciple of the imperial court!

Now, regardless of whether it was true or not, they could not attack rashly!

If the star Goddess died here, then the fans in the central area would destroy them!

"Stop the Attack!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In other places, battleships and experts also received the message, and their faces were extremely gloomy!

The star Goddess'words were definitely a great blow to Xing Hua Planet!

Commercial planets were supposed to be safe, everyone was equal, and everything was done fairly!

Otherwise, if you couldn't even guarantee the safety of others, who would dare to do business with you if you couldn't even do justice?

If one day you directly snatched the treasure, who would they look for to reason with?

No one would come to an unfair commercial planet!

Once the population of the commercial planet was lost, it would basically be useless!

Star Lady's words had a great impact on Xing Hua Planet!

After all, no one would think that star lady was lying!

"Damn it, what did the Three Seas Gate Do!"

The experts from the Jianhua Group and the Black Forest Group were extremely embarrassed as they cursed angrily!

If they didn't handle this properly, it would have a huge impact on Xing Hua Planet!

"Eh? You're good, Star Lady!"

In the sky, Wang Xian saw the spaceship stopping and the experts standing in the void. He raised his eyebrows slightly and said to her with a smile!

"HMPH, don't look down on me!"

Emperor Star Lady raised her head slightly and said coldly to him!

"You're panting when I say you're fat. Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian smiled and flew rapidly into the void!

Although the three major forces on Xing Hua Planet did not have a level 7 immortal king, they still had to be careful!

Of course, if it was not for the fact that they did not want to ignore Emperor Star Lady and the rest, Wang Xian and the rest could have returned to the Dragon Palace in an instant!

However, Wang Xian wouldn't take the initiative to run away before the other party had an absolute suppression. This wasn't his personality!

He would bring the members of the Dragon Palace to make a scene!

Buzz

As soon as Wang Xian and the rest left, more than a hundred figures flew over!

"There's no need to chase after them. Among them, there's a level five immortal king powerhouse!"

An old man in black looked at the disappearing figures with an extremely embarrassed expression!