Chapter 2538: 2538 wanted! Public opinion was slandering

"Three seas gate, what are you doing?"

In space, the Warriors of the Jian hua group Black Forest Group were questioning the Warriors of the Three Seas Gate angrily!

"That Dragon Palace Dragon King killed our young master Ji and a few undyings, and we're just going to let them go?"

An elder of the Three Seas Gate roared angrily!

"Damn it, now the star goddess has announced to the entire planet that we are threatening people, we have to reduce the impact of this matter, otherwise the impact on Xing Hua planet will be huge!"

Beside him, an old man from the Black Forest Group roared coldly!

"Immediately come and discuss this matter!"

The Warriors from the Jian hua group said with a dark expression, immediately flying towards the battleship in the sky!

The faces of the Warriors of the three seas sect changed, and they also flew over!

This time, it was the three seas sect who caused this!

"Pu!"

"Dragon King, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, you deserve to die, deserve to die, I want to kill you, I want to destroy you!"

At the same time, in a vast ocean, a young man was in a sky-blue Underwater Palace!

He spat out a mouthful of blood and let out a furious roar with a ferocious expression!

When the guards outside heard these voices, their faces were filled with fear!

"Jian 'er, what's wrong?"

At this moment, an old man walked in and said to the figure in the room!

"Father, the avatar created by the deity Lotus Root was killed. I was killed!"

Ji Shaojian's eyes were bloodshot as he spoke to the old man!

"What?"

The old man's body froze, and a terrifying murderous aura instantly erupted from his body!

The last time his son died, he did not hesitate to take out the incomparably precious deity lotus root to create two bodies for him. This was to prevent something like this from happening again!

This kind of precious treasure was incomparably rare and incomparably precious!

But that wasn't the most important thing, the most important thing was that someone dared to kill his son!

If he didn't have the treasure, his son would have died completely this time!

Weng

Right at this time, the AI on his body trembled, when he saw the information on it, his expression changed slightly!

"Jian er, this father of yours will avenge you!"

As he spoke, his figure vanished instantly!

Within the space crevice of Xing Hua Planet, close to 200 undying fighters sat there!

The 3 powers were all in the same position!

"The 3 seas sect leader is here!"

The Black Forest Leader looked at the 3 seas sect leader and said indifferently!

"Anyone who dares to cause trouble on Xing Hua Planet, kill without mercy!"

The Three Seas Gate's leader's face was filled with killing intent as he directly opened his mouth and roared!

"We'll talk about this matter later. Now, let's settle the matter of the star Goddess'influence!"

The elder leading the Jian hua group said with a gloomy face!

When the Three Seas Gate's leader saw that the two great forces were staring at him, his expression changed as he sat on his seat!

"Now, because of the star Goddess'words, it has a great impact on us. Look at the evaluation of us on the AI, look at the turmoil of some of the star Goddess'fans on Xing Hua Planet!"

The old man who was the leader of the Black Forest Corporation waved his arm. The incident regarding planet Xing Hua on the AI had gone crazy!

Because of the star Goddess'influence, all of them were cursing planet Xing Hua. There were even quite a number of fans from the central region who came over to curse them through a location search!

The entire planet Xing Hua had instantly become an existence that everyone was shouting at!

Moreover, the other four commercial planets in the southern star system might as well have been secretly adding fuel to the fire!

One by one, all the non-sensational information was revealed!

If it was not handled properly, the entire planet Xing Hua would suffer a huge blow, and at least half of its people would be lost!

If so many people were lost, then their planet Xing Hua would become more and more declining!

The losses were hard to calculate!

"Now we have to stabilize the situation!"

The leader of the Jianhua group said!

"They killed people on our commercial planet, my son, and my subordinates. The other party broke the rules first. What do we have to be afraid of?"

The leader of the Three Seas Gate said coldly!

"The influence of the star Goddess is too great. We have to explain. However, we have evidence here. The situation is still acceptable!"

"As for what happens next, this matter was caused by your three seas sect. Take care of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and let them know the consequences of violating the rules of our Xing Hua Planet!"

The elder leading the Black Forest group said to the sect master of the three seas sect!

"Don't worry, leave the Dragon Palace to us. I want to make them suffer so much that they wish they were dead!"

The sect master of the three seas sect roared coldly!

"Also, issue an arrest warrant for the southern star system. If the other forces see them, they won't let them enter the planet even if they won't be captured!"

The old man who was the leader of the Black Forest Group continued to add!

"Upload the footage of the Dragon King and the others killing on Xing Hua Planet to the AI and make it more vivid!"

After saying that, the old man disappeared!

The people on the side immediately took action!

They edited the footage taken by the satellite and immediately uploaded it to the AI under the name of Xing Hua Planet!

"Please watch the video! The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace killed the people from Xing Hua planet and violated the rules. We will judge them according to the rules of Xing Hua Planet!"

As soon as a video was uploaded, it immediately spread crazily on the AI!

At the same time, in the vast starry sky, Wang Xian and the rest were shuttling through the universe, flying towards the direction of the Life Planet!

They were going to use the teleportation formation on the life planet to make a transfer!

"Little Xian, it's all my fault this time..."

"Yeah, it's all your fault, yinxuan. You're too beautiful and too likable!"

In the universe, Tang Yinxuan had just started to reprimand herself when she was interrupted by Wang Xian!

This made her glare at Wang Xian and a smile appeared on her face!

"It's just the three seas sect. We are not afraid of the three major forces on Xing Hua Planet!"

Wang Xian stroked Tang Yinxuan's head and continued to speak!

"These guys are too arrogant. I've been a celebrity for so many years but I've never met such a bastard. HMPH!"

Di Xingnu, who was standing at the side, spoke with slight dissatisfaction!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, imperial star's daughter looked at the AI that was trembling non-stop. Apparently, there were many fans sending messages to her!

"Huh? Those B * stards from Xing Hua Planet actually sent the video of Wang Xian killing someone to the AI to guide public opinion!"

When she saw the message on the AI, she raised her eyebrows slightly!

"Oh? They must be afraid of your influence!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly and took out the artificial intelligence system!

As expected, there were countless heated discussions about Xing hua planet on the artificial intelligence system. A video posted on Xing Hua planet was very popular!

The video was the scene of Wang Xian killing the powerhouses of the three seas sect!

"Oh? So it was the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace who made the first move?"

"This... This is obviously a confession from a disciple of the three seas sect to Goddess Yinxuan. He even gave her such a precious gift. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace actually killed them cruelly!"

"This dragon king is so cruel. Other people only confessed, but he actually killed all the disciples of the three seas sect. It's them who violated the rules of Xing Hua Planet!"

"No voice, no comment!"!

"What do you mean no comment? Can't you see the picture? No matter how wrong the disciples of the three seas sect are, they can't kill people. If they violated the rules of the commercial planet, they should be punished. The goddess of star is obviously favoring them on purpose!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Information was spreading crazily on the AI!