Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2539: 2539’s expedition to the Dragon Palace

There were countless comments below the video released by Planet Xing Hua!

Planet Xing Hua represented the three major forces, and the disciples of the three major forces were naturally speaking up for their own forces here in their homeland!

Moreover, not everyone was a fan of planet Imperial's daughter!

As soon as the video was released, countless people condemned the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace for being extremely cruel and wanting to kill people at the slightest disagreement!

Many people supported planet Xing Hua to punish the Dragon Palace. They wanted to let them know the consequences of violating the rules of planet Xing Hua!

Countless people condemned him one after another. Among them, there were some who said that the star Goddess had deliberately twisted the truth because she had many fans!

"Planet Xing Hua, Hehe!"

When Wang Xian saw the video, a hint of coldness appeared in his eyes

"This bunch of despicable guys. HMPH, HMPH, HMPH. Fortunately, I held back and fought with me. This time, I will let all of you suffer heavy losses!"

All of a sudden, di Xing 'er, who was at the side, smiled slyly and started to fiddle with the AI!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked at di Xing 'er!

"Hehehe, let's go. Let's hurry back to the Dragon Palace so that we can enjoy the food while watching the Show!"

Very soon, di Xing 'er urged him!

On Di Xing 'ER's homepage, a video was also posted!

The name of the video was given by her: Bully. Is this the so-called rule of Xing Hua Planet?

The scene in the video was the same as the one released by Xing Hua Planet. The only difference was that Xing Hua planet was using a satellite to record the scene, so no sound could be heard!

The video was from the perspective of imperial star lady, so everyone could clearly hear her voice!

In other words, the entire process was recorded down!

The influence and speed of transmission of imperial star Lady was not something that Xing hua planet could compare to!

One piece of information about her was known by the entire Imperial Star Field!

"Awesome, awesome, a small and remote place actually has such a bully. I've seen it for myself!"

"If such a retard was placed in our central region, he would have been killed long ago!"

"Well killed, arrogant? This kind of person still dares to be arrogant, he's simply courting death!"

"Planet Xing Hua still wants to conceal it, what a joke. Look at the faces of Xing Hua's three seas gate disciples!"

"Are they that powerful? The disciples of Xing Hua planet's three great forces must obey any woman they see, or else they will threaten to destroy you!"

Soon, the entire video went viral. The video that Xing Hua Planet had just posted was instantly smacked in the face, and it instantly caused Xing Hua planet to curse!

"B * stard, look at what your three seas gate has done!"

When the Black Forest Group and the Jian Hua Group saw this video, all of the experts were incomparably furious!

With this video, they could not even make sense of it!

With the influence of Imperial Star Lady, and with the other four commercial planets in the southern star system secretly competing, Xing Hua Planet would definitely suffer heavy losses this time!

The profits of a commercial planet were extremely terrifying. Otherwise, a group of top-tier forces would not have established a commercial planet!

The higher-ups of the Black Forest Group and the Jianhua Group immediately rushed over. At the same time, they also called the experts of the three seas gate over!

"The three seas gate will be fully responsible for the losses this time!"

The two higher-ups of the Black Forest Group and the Jianhua group stared at the leader of the Three Seas Gate and roared with cold faces!

"We will naturally be responsible for the losses this time!"

The leader of the three seas gate leaned back on his chair and roared in a low voice with a gloomy face!

Everything was because of his son, and there was nothing he could do about it!

"We will bear all the losses from now on!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The leader of the three seas gate suddenly stood up and left immediately with a gloomy face!

"He really gave birth to a good son!"

"It's a good thing that the three seas gate is controlled by their generation. Otherwise, why would the others agree to it!"

The two higher-ups of the Black Forest Group and the Jianhua group frowned as they watched the three seas sect's sect master leave!

...

"All the disciples of the three seas sect, follow me on My Expedition!"

An hour later, the three seas planet's ocean area occupied 90% !

The sect master of the three seas sect hovered above the surface of the ocean and roared with a murderous look on his face!

"It's the sect master!"

Within the ocean, warriors dressed in sky blue armor flew out, their faces filled with rage!

Every one of them were like the top hunters in the ocean, vast and powerful!

"Three Trident Army!"

"Mad Shark Army!"

"Raging Wave Army!"

The undying fighters of three seas sect all let out a cold roar!

Behind them, the soldiers lined up neatly, all of them were Eternal God lords!

Three of the five armies of the three seas gate, each army had 150,000 people, each army had 30 undying emperors!

"Leader!"

"Leader!"

Following which, silhouettes flew over and shouted respectfully at the leader!

40 to 50 silhouettes, including 7 to 8 undying level 5 emperors!

"Dragon Palace Dragon King killed our three seas gate warriors, disregarding Xing Hua planet's rules, going to destroy the Palace!"

The sect master of the three seas sect roared with killing intent!

"Yes!"

All the experts of the sect and Legion immediately roared loudly!

"Sect master, the relationship between the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is quite good. Should we investigate further?"

An elder of the three seas sect frowned slightly and walked over to say in a low voice!

"Ignore him. The chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is in a great war with the demon Slayer sect. They will not participate in it!"

"Board the sea god Warship!"

The sect master of the three seas sect glared at the old man coldly and roared!

The old man was slightly helpless. The sect master had absolute authority and control over the three seas sect. No one could change his words!

Fortunately, the sect master was quite wise. This time, his anger was only directed at a remote faction. There would not be any problems!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At that moment, an enormous warship rose up from the ocean!

The warship was about six hundred kilometers in circumference. It emanated the brilliance and weight of metal, making it look extremely terrifying!

"Hua! Hua! Hua!"

In the next moment, all the disciples of the three seas sect flew toward the warship!

"A faction from a remote place dared to kill Jian 'er and cause trouble on planet Xing Hua. Did the Stargirl give you the courage, or did the Tiger Demon Nation Give You the courage? "Even if I can't destroy all of you, I will destroy all of your planets!"

The sect master of the Three Seas Gate stood at the forefront of the warship as terrifying energy burst out of his body!

"Let's Go!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The sea god warship emitted brilliant blue light as it flew into the void!

It was impossible to hide such a huge commotion happening on the three seas gate's side!

Soon, the news of the Three Seas Gate Leader leading an army into the starry sky spread through the AI!

Now, the reputation of the AI was one-sided, and Xing Hua planet was being cursed everywhere!

"Humph, no matter what, we didn't kill anyone on Xing Hua Planet. If the Dragon King dares to violate the rules of Xing Hua Planet, he will have to pay the price of Destruction!"

However, some disciples of the three seas gate, one of the three forces on Xing Hua Planet, let out a final roar with cold faces!

Anyone who violates the rules of Xing Hua Planet will have to pay the price in blood!