Chapter 2540: 2540 was waiting for them

The experts of the three seas gate were going to destroy the Dragon Palace!

At this moment, planet Xing Hua made another statement!

"We will not allow anything to happen on planet Xing Hua that violates the rules of the commercial planet. This time, the disciples of the Three Seas Gate didn't do anything either

"Anyone who tries to break the rules of planet Xing Hua will have to pay an unacceptable price, including the three forces of planet Xing Hua!"

The public opinion had already collapsed. Planet Xing Hua had no choice but to change their target!

This statement told everyone that although the disciples of the three seas gate were in the wrong, they had not broken the rules of the commercial planet!

Similarly, anyone who broke the rules would have to pay a heavy price!

Their voice was to appease some of the merchants on planet Xing Hua and the people of the southern star system!

As long as Xing Hua planet was not regarded as an unruly planet, that would be enough!

In the future, they could slowly recover!

Although the fans of the Imperial Star Lady did not buy Xing Hua planet's announcement, some factions in the southern star system also knew that this matter could not affect the foundation of the southern star system!

After all, the people of Xing Hua Planet did not break the rules this time!

"We're back, we're back. Wang Xian, get someone to prepare some delicious food. We're ready to watch the Show!"

The Imperial Star Lady, who had traveled for more than ten hours, spoke up the moment she returned to the Dragon Palace!

She immediately took out her artificial intelligence to take a look!

"HMM?"

However, when he took out his artificial intelligence, he frowned slightly!

"Wang Xian, there's something bad!"

The Imperial Star Lady looked at the information on the artificial intelligence and immediately spoke to Wang Xian!

"Oh? What's the matter?"

Wang Xian looked over and immediately walked to her side!

"The leader of the three seas sect has personally brought experts to destroy the Dragon Palace. They said that they want to make the Dragon Palace pay a terrible price!"

Di Xingnu looked at him with a serious expression!

"Prime Minister Gui, I asked you to investigate the situation of the three seas sect. How's the investigation going?"

Wang Xian immediately asked Prime Minister Gui who was beside him!

"Dragon King, according to our investigation, the strength of the three seas sect is a little stronger than the previous chaotic Tiger Demon Country. There are four level six immortal godly king powerhouses and more than 400 other powerhouses!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately reported!

"Four?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly!

"It's impossible for all four of them to come. At most, there will be two of them. The strength of our Dragon Palace is so weak in their eyes. They shouldn't send too many peak powerhouses!"

"However, they shouldn't send too few other powerhouses. After all, they want to destroy us!"

Prime Minister Gui smiled faintly. He didn't feel that there was too much danger!

"Hehe, even if all of them come, we aren't afraid at all!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. Although there was only one level 6 immortal king powerhouse in the Dragon Palace now, there were many level 5 powerhouses!

There were more than 40 of them now. With the strength of the Dragon Palace's experts, ten of them could easily fight against four level 6 immortal king experts!

In addition, there were more than 1,000 immortal kings in the Dragon Palace. Even if the entire three seas gate came, he wouldn't be afraid!

"However, since the other party wants to destroy us, we should prepare well and give them a surprise!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled!

"According to my speculation, they should be coming from the direction of the Lorman Desolate Beast Park. When the time comes, the previous Iron Blood Alliance will be the front line!"

"Dragon King, we can set up a formation there and wait for them to arrive so that we can give them a fatal blow!"

Prime Minister Gui said!

"Let's go over immediately. Since they are courting death, we will fulfill their wish. This time, everyone below level six immortal King will die!"

Wang Xian's face was filled with hatred!

The Disciples of the Three Seas Sect dared to Covet Tang Yinxuan and act so arrogantly. They were the ones who were courting death. Now, they even dared to make a big fuss and attack the Dragon Palace!

Then, they would know the price for everything!

"Yinxuan, all of you stay in the Dragon Palace. Prime Minister Gui, bring everyone from the Fire Hammer clan!"

Wang Xian said immediately and walked towards the teleportation formation!

Fire Hammer clan, fire gold dragon seed!

The dragon seed with the strongest forging skills of the Divine Dragon Clan. Now, they had been learning the Dao of formations!

The old clan leader of the Fire Hammer Clan and Duan Jinming both possessed level 5 immortal king combat strength!

They also controlled the black hole space-disturbing formation and the space-locking formation!

This time, Wang Xian wanted to cover the entire starry sky with this formation!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded immediately and informed him. Immediately, 30,000 fire-gold dragon seeds rushed to the teleportation formation!

30,000 fire-gold dragon seeds. The weakest among them was at least level five of the Eternal Lord!

Buzz

Wang Xian and the rest moved their bodies and were immediately teleported to a planet of the Iron Blood Alliance!

"Seal the starry sky, set up a black hole space-disturbing formation, set up a space-locking formation!"

Wang Xian brought them to the void!

In the void, there was a line of defense that the Iron Blood Alliance used to defend against dire beasts!

Wang Xian and the group of fire-gold dragon seeds flew over and immediately gave the order!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The group of fire-gold dragon seeds immediately nodded and began to set up a formation in the void!

Wang Xian moved his arm and a formation compass appeared in his hand. Immediately, he began to inscribe a formation on the formation compass!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

All the fire-gold dragon species and Wang Xian immediately took action!

Five hours later, the entire void was filled with densely packed formations. There were only two types of formations, the black hole disturbance formation and the space-locking formation!

The main purpose of setting up so many formations was to deal with the destruction of a level 6 immortal King!

After the two formations were set up, the old chief and Duan Jinming began to set up the concealment formation!

The concealment formation they set up would only be discovered by a level 6 immortal king after careful investigation!

At the back, Wang Xian directly made more than 100 formation compasses. All of them were capable of trapping a level 6 immortal king and below!

"Prime Minister Gui, send all the members of the Dragon Palace over. Send over 100 immortal king first. The rest will hide in the surrounding dragon palace and wait for reinforcements!"

Wang Xian set up the array compass and ordered Prime Minister Gui!

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

Soon, 200,000 members of the Dragon Palace flew over from the surrounding planets!

These 200,000 members of the Dragon Palace belonged to the weaker group of dragons!

The truly powerful ones were all waiting for orders in the Dragon Palace!

"Wow, Wang Xian, you are too cunning. You are actually waiting here!"

Emperor Star Lady followed the members of the Dragon Palace over. She looked at Wang Xian who was standing in front of the battle line and said with a smile!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled. "Waiting for a rabbit is a good word!"

He narrowed his eyes slightly and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

He looked at the void in front of him and waited quietly!

At the same time, an incomparably huge sea god battleship whizzed past in the sky above the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!

"Sect master, in another five minutes, we will step into that remote area!"

In the battleship's main command room, an elder reported to the three seas sect's sect master!

"I want to destroy all their territories!"

The three seas sect's sect master raised his head slightly, his face filled with a sinister expression!Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates