Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2541: 2541 was the only one who managed to escape from the southern star system

"Sect master, the Dragon Palace is not weak either. We need to be careful!"

On the huge sea god battleship, the three seas sect's elder sensed the sect master's violent killing intent and reminded him in a low voice!

"I will defend against all their experts. The rest will be left to you!"

The three seas sect's sect master stared ahead and said coldly!

"It's the sect master!"

The Elders of the three seas sect nodded slightly!

This time, they didn't attack to destroy the Dragon Palace. It was very difficult to destroy a force of this level. Once the Godly King hid, it would be very difficult to find him!

Their main goal was to destroy the bases and planets of the Dragon Palace and make them pay a heavy price!

If the Dragon Palace dared to resist, with the leader personally making a move, resisting would be courting death!

The sea god battleship howled, the three seas sect's God kings stood in the command room, staring coldly ahead!

The distance was getting closer and closer!

"Di di di Di!"

4 minutes later, a notification sounded from the battleship!

"Leader, we've discovered a huge energy ripple ahead, about 200,000 people in space have discovered a huge array ripple, it should be lying in wait for us!"

An undying controlled the ship, seeing the information on it, he immediately notified!

"Hehe, they actually dare to welcome us here, setting up an array in the space and waiting for us to charge in? Childish!"

The three seas leader's face was filled with mockery!

"Clear the array!"

The leader said coldly!

"Yes!"

The undyings controlling the ship nodded, a look of mockery on his face! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Weng

He pressed a button, a red energy channel appeared in front of the ship!

Weng

The next moment, a red beam tore through space and shot straight ahead!

The beam covered hundreds of millions of km!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

When the beam entered the area of the array, the sound of the array exploding could be heard!

"Leader, the 200,000 people in front have been distributed. There are over 150 undying emperors, the rest are all at the eternal God Lord Level!"

The three seas sect elder's voice sounded, with a smile on his face!

"A bunch of suicidal things, get ready, the Eternal God lords will all stay here!"

"Leave that Dragon King to me!"

The sect master of the three seas sect revealed a ghastly expression.

"Hua Hua Hua!"

In the next moment, the sea god battleship rose one deck after another. The Disciples of the three seas sect stood on it and stared at the front coldly!

"Is there a problem?"

Wang Xian stood at the frontline of the iron-blood alliance in the past. The corners of his mouth curled up as he spoke!

"No problem. I'm the Celestial Emperor. It's impossible for me to break my concealment formation with just this little bit of technology. Even if the robot race is here, it won't work!"

A voice entered Wang Xian's mind, causing him to smile!

His eyes sparkled as he watched the gigantic sea god battleship enter the area in front of him!

"Attack!"

When Wang Xian saw the battleship in front of him, a grim expression appeared on his face as he commanded loudly!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The members of the Dragon Palace let out a roar as they charged straight at the sea god battleship to attack!

"Hehehe, a bunch of reckless fools. Kill!"

In the command room of the sea god battleship, the leader of the three seas sect had a look of disdain and a grim expression on his face. He moved his body and locked his gaze on Wang Xian. A confinement ring appeared in his hand!

"You dare to kill my son. Today, I will make you wish you were dead!"

His eyes were bloodshot as he instantly appeared in front of the sea god battleship!

Buzz

The moment he appeared, the confinement ring in his hand instantly fell towards Wang Xian!

"Sea god battleship, Divine Wave Cannon Attack!"

The Immortal God King who was controlling the sea god battleship had a look of excitement in his eyes. He immediately pressed a few buttons!

"Ka Ka Ka!"

The sound of metal clashing resounded, in the next moment, a terrifying law cannon shot straight ahead!

Covering an area of over 100 million km!

If this attack landed on a planet, it could destroy a planet!

The attack of the ship was equivalent to the full strength of 20 undying level 4 warriors!

This was the power of the sea god Battleship!

The strongest battleship of the three seas gate!

Huge waves rumbled in the air, some warriors on the surrounding planets felt the terrifying energy, their faces filled with shock!

"Hiss, what level of battle is This?"

"Someone is fighting the Dragon Palace Warrior!"

They were filled with shock, looking up into the air!

"Roar! Leave it to us, the Imperial Dragon Clan, to defend!"

At the front, the leader of the Saturn Turtles saw the attack of the warship, and his eyes were calm!

He roared and waved his arm!

Around him, the Saturn turtles that had evolved into the Imperial Dragon Clan also waved their arms!

A mysterious gray shield appeared in the sky, and the dragon turtle on the shield appeared!

Boom! Boom! Boom

The godly wave cannon was easily blocked!

"What? It was blocked?"

On the Sea God battleship, the Undying Godly monarch was stunned!

"HMPH! You have some strength!"

Outside the battleship, the sect master of the three seas sect saw this scene and his face turned cold!

He waved his arm and the surrounding space began to collapse. The imprisonment ring flew through the cracks in space and instantly appeared above Wang Xian's Head!

"I've locked onto it. Hahaha, Dragon King, you must die today!"

When he saw the imprisonment ring landing on the Dragon King's head, the leader of the three seas sect could not help but laugh maniacally!

His voice resounded throughout the entire sky!

"Everyone has entered the range!"

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the imprisonment ring above his head and revealed a sneer!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The next moment, the entire space underwent a huge change!

Black holes appeared out of thin air, covering an area of several billion kilometers!

This black hole was even more terrifying than before!

Other than the strange black hole, there were also countless rays of light. White rays of light pierced through the entire world!

The world instantly changed!

"What? Wasn't the array formation completely cleared out?"

"What Strange Array is this!"

The moment the space appeared, everyone was shocked!

"Be careful, this array can trap an undying!"

An elder from the three seas sect saw the change in the world, his pupils dilated as he roared loudly!

"Good good good, I never thought there would be such a method. However, with just these arrays, can they stop your destruction?"

The leader of the three seas sect was filled with killing intent. He waved his arm!

Crack! Crack! Crack

One by one, the formations collapsed!

"Trash!"

The leader of the three seas sect said scornfully. His body moved and he charged toward Wang Xian!

"Hehe, AO he, tie him up in an area. Don't let him wreak havoc!"

Wang Xian stared at the leader of the three seas sect. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes scanned the surroundings. He didn't see a second level six immortal king powerhouse. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"Kill all the members of the Dragon Palace. Leave No one alive!"

Wang Xian immediately roared!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the ocean of the former planet of the Iron Blood Alliance, roars could be heard. The true combat strength of the Dragon Palace flew over at a terrifying speed!