Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2542: 2542, who was the only one who escaped from the southern star system, was shocked

"Roar!"

As the experts of the Dragon Palace roared, ao Yao immediately turned into a terrifying devouring dragon!

A brutal aura that belonged to the bug clan and the pressure of the Divine Dragon surged out!

His 10,000-meter-long body directly attacked the three seas gate master!

"HM?"

At the same time, the three seas sect leader who had been talking about the rubbish arrays around him felt ao Xie's aura and his pupils shrank, his expression changing!

"Not good, sect leader, we've been ambushed, there are more powerful warriors from the Dragon Palace flying over!"

At this time, the three seas sect elder's anxious voice could be heard from behind!

They saw 300 undyings flying over!

300, a total of 300, their entire three seas gate only had 400 undyings, this time they had 150,50% of the undyings were at level 5!

However, they realized that the Warriors in the Dragon Palace weren't weaker than them, there were more of them!

This caused the three seas gate elders'expressions to change!

How could there be so many warriors in the Dragon Palace?

The three seas sect leader's gaze swept over, his expression turning ugly!

"Howl!"

However at this time, a terrifying 1000m field claw swept towards him!

Feeling the space around him explode, the three seas sect leader's expression changed!

"The enemy has an undying level 6 warrior, you guys retreat first!"

At this moment, the three seas sect leader's expression was extremely dark as he roared madly!

In a remote place, to them, to have an undying level 5 warrior was already strong enough!

And they knew what happened in Tiger Chaos Demon Country, the Dragon King had a powerful god weapon!

Even so, many people could confirm that the dragon palace was only at Level 5 undying!

The Dragon Palace Dragon King was obviously the king of an organization, with level 5 undying, and according to their investigation, this organization had just been established not long ago, he was definitely the strongest!

And now, an undying level 6 warrior suddenly appeared, he was obviously the Dragon King's Underling!

A Level 6 undying working for A Level 5 undying?

This...

"Retreat, Retreat!"

The words of the leader of the three seas sect caused the expressions of everyone in the three seas sect to change slightly. Immediately, they shouted loudly!

"Retreat? Can We Retreat?"

Wang Xian revealed a mocking expression. Around him, numerous level 5 immortal godly monarchs were attacking the sea god battleship with terrifying attacks!

"Beep Beep Beep!"

"Defend!"

The Sea God battleship issued a warning sound. The Immortal Godly monarch who was controlling the sea god battleship immediately activated his protective shield with an embarrassed expression!

They didn't expect the Dragon Palace to have so many warriors!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

However the moment they activated their defenses, over 300 undyings rushed over, of which 15 were eternal God level 5!

This was double the three seas gate!

"Shit, retreat quickly, I'll help you block them for a few seconds!"

The three seas sect's sect master sensed the figures rushing past him. His expression changed drastically, and he immediately roared!

"You won't be able to block them for a second!"

When ao crab heard the three seas sect's sect master's words, a cold expression appeared on his face!

His incomparably huge body directly coiled towards the three seas sect's sect master!

"Get lost!"

The Three Seas Sect's sect master roared wildly, wanting to force ao crab back!

However, how could the swallowing dragon be so easy to deal with?

Rumble Rumble Rumble

At this time, terrifying attacks landed on the ship, the huge ship immediately started to emit large amounts of sparks!

"Shit!"

In front of the ship, the three seas sect elders'expressions changed!

Looking at the Warriors from the Dragon Palace attacking them, their expressions were extremely ugly!

"Eternal God disciples, immediately flee back to your God Country!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

There were too many undyings in the Dragon Palace, they could only retreat now!

"Shit, elder, we can't sense our eternal God country, the surrounding space is blocking us!"

Very quickly, the group replied in Panic!

"Damn it, warriors above deacon level, break the surrounding arrays!"

An old man immediately roared!

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

The undyings of the three seas gate all rushed towards the surrounding space to attack!

Some arrays were broken, but the strange space didn't disappear!

"There are many of these strange arrays, it will take some time to break them all!"

Some warriors saw this scene and immediately roared!

"Those who dare to attack our Dragon Palace, you all can stay here!"

At this time, Ao Qi Tian and the rest flew over!

They immediately became powerful and terrifying dragons, their brutal energies attacking the three seas gate!

"Not good!"

All the Warriors of the three seas gate felt a chill in their hearts when they saw this scene!

"Peng Peng Peng Peng!"

The Dragon Palace sent out 15 undying level 5 warriors, 30 Undying Level 4, and the rest over 200!

With such power, it was double the strength of the three seas sect!

Terrifying law energies shot out, everyone in front flew backwards!

"No, Elder, save us!"

The Eternal God lords roared in shock!

Against 300 undyings attacking at the same time, if they were hit, they would be killed!

Especially in this strange space, they couldn't escape at all!

"Damn it, all undyings retreat and return to the Undying Country!"

An old man from the Three Seas Gate immediately roared!

"Flee!"

The other undyings all had dark expressions, their bodies shook!

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Just as they felt their undying country wanting to return, they felt the energy blocking them, they immediately charged!

The arrays quickly crumbled!

However, this peculiar space still existed!

This made all the undyings'expressions change!

Rumble Rumble Rumble

Right at this time, the ocean god battleship beside suddenly exploded, shooting out all sorts of metal!

Sou Sou Sou

At this time, the array compasses flew over, suddenly raising the peculiar array spaces!

"Leave no one alive, Kill!"

When the array space covered everyone again, all the warriors of the Dragon Palace rushed over!

"Not good!"

"Shit, we've been ambushed!"

"Defend!"

When the three seas sect members saw this scene, they were shocked, shouting in shock!

"Rumble Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

However in the next moment, terrifying attacks covered them all!

"Ah!"

Screams resounded, the eternal God Lord and even the Undying Emperor all revealed looks of despair under another round of attacks!

The difference in strength was more than double, completely crushing them!

Other than the undying level 5 and 4 that could defend, the rest couldn't survive the aftershocks!