Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2543: 2543 was the only one who escaped from the southern star system

"It's over!"

"Find a chance to break the array. Break the array. Otherwise, all of us will die here!"

"Sect master, find a way to break the array. Otherwise, the disciples of the three seas gate will be finished!"

In front of the Lorman desolate beast garden, the sea god battleship collapsed, turning into a huge fire that burned in the starry sky!

The other disciples and warriors of the three seas gate, under one wave of attacks, 50% of them died!

This was also the reason why the Seven Level 5 undying god King Warriors had to use their full strength to block all the attacks and take out a defensive treasure!

If it wasn't for them, no more than 20 of them would have survived!

Even so, they couldn't withstand too many attacks!

"Damn the Dragon Palace, all of you deserve to die. Break!"

When the leader of the three seas sect saw this scene, his eyes turned blood-red and his entire body went berserk!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Under the impact of his terrifying aftershock, the black hole disturbance formations collapsed one after another!

However, the formations that Wang Xian and the rest had set up here amounted to hundreds of thousands!

All the members of the Fire Hammer clan, including him, had destroyed less than 200,000 of them!

The black hole disturbance array that could trap a level 5 immortal king was even less destroyed!

"Hahaha, leader of the three seas sect, don't worry. We don't have the strength to kill you today!"

"But everyone else from the three seas sect must stay here and watch them die!"

Wang Xian stared at the leader of the three seas sect with cold eyes!

"Dragon King, I will definitely kill you!"

The leader of the three seas sect's eyes were filled with blood red!

Boom Boom Boom

At this moment, the space beside them trembled and terrifying law energies attacked everyone from the three seas sect once again!

There were over 400,000 people from the three armies and only half of them were left. When they saw the attacks of the 300 undying godly monarchs, their faces were filled with despair!

"We can't hold on anymore!"

An undying level 5 warrior roared with a trembling body!

We can't hold on anymore!

The opponent's strength was more than double their own, if they could hold on once, it would be hard to hold on twice or thrice!

"No, no, no!"

The 3 seas sect disciples roared with despair!

Rumble

"Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah!"

The attack landed, the remaining half, 90% of them died again!

"No!"

The three seas gate master's body trembled as he was entangled by Ao crab. His heart was bleeding!

This time, he had brought nearly half of the Three Seas Gate's strength. If all of them died here, the three seas gate would not be able to withstand it!

"Shadow fish, destroy the surrounding array formation!"

His body suddenly trembled, and a blurry shadow appeared behind him!

This shadow was transparent all over like a transparent fish!

Whoosh

His body moved and instantly darted around the surroundings!

Crack! Crack! Crack

Soon, the sound of the formation breaking could be heard. The Strange Black Hole in the sky was rapidly decreasing!

"Eh?"

"This is? A battle pet, a level five immortal King Level Battle Pet!"

Wang Xian looked at the shadow and a glint flashed across his eyes!

"Haha, Thank You for the gift of a war pet from the leader of the three seas sect!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes and laughed out loud. He waved his arm and the five elements grinding mill went straight for the Shadow!

"Woo Woo!"

The Shadow Fish felt threatened and its body trembled slightly. In the next moment, it transformed into tens of thousands of bodies in the void!

Every single body was extremely real and hard to differentiate!

Thousands of bodies immediately attacked in all directions. All of them possessed terrifying offensive power!

"Oh? This talent is not bad. However, I still have to thank the leader of the three seas sect for his gift!"

Wang Xian smiled. The Five Elements Millstone landed on the sky above a shadowfish. The white space lock immediately imprisoned it!

Buzz

"Woo Woo Woo!"

The next moment, a horrified sound rang out. The shadowfish was directly absorbed into the Five Elements Millstone. The rest of the shadowfish collapsed rapidly!

"How is this possible!"

Seeing the shadowfish being captured rapidly, the three seas sect's sect master's expression changed drastically!

"No, no, no!"

"Save me, sect master! Save Me!"

At this moment, screams of agony rang out one after another. His eyes swept across the scene and his body trembled!

"Bang!"

He was distracted and a terrifying dragon tail swept across his body, causing him to fly backward!

"No, no, how can the Dragon Palace be so strong? They have such strength, why are they still hiding in this small place!"

The leader of the three seas sect didn't understand. With such strength, they weren't weak even in the center of the southern star system!

How could such a powerful force stay in such a remote place?

He couldn't understand it no matter what!

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

"It's over!"

Beside the destroyed battleship of the three seas gate, the Warriors of the three seas gate all stared at the attacks in front of them!

After a few waves of attacks, the rest of the disciples had all been killed, even the 100 over undyings, only about 10 were left!

The rest were all dead!

Looking at the 15 level 5 undyings charging at them, 30 to 40 Level 4 undyings, their faces were filled with despair!

When they came here, they thought that they would destroy the planets and cause the dragon palace to flee crazily. But Now?

They didn't even have the chance to escape!

"Kill!"

The Level 5 immortal King Level Masters from the three seas sect revealed a look of death and madness as they charged forward!

Boom Boom Boom

The battle and killing continued. However, it was true that the experts from the three seas sect were gradually dying!

Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements millstone appeared in his hand. He looked at the level five battle pet of the Immortal King, Ying Yu, and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly!

"These three seas sect are really good people. If I sell this battle pet, I will be able to truly step into the immortal King Realm!"

Wang Xian's eyes were burning with passion!

He was now at level nine of the Eternal Lord Realm. There was no peak eternal Lord Realm in the Divine Dragon Transformation. In other words, he would directly step into the Immortal King Realm!

Once he became the godly king, he would have the combat strength of A Level 7 immortal godly King!

At that time, only a few people in the star Southern Galaxy could be his opponent!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the battle in front of him and a smile appeared on his face!

There was no need for him to make a move in this battle!

As for the three seas sect, the only one who could escape alive was the sect Master of the three seas sect!

The rest of them had to stay here!

In the following battle, there were no surprises. Gradually, level five immortal king experts of the three seas sect perished!

With each death, the three seas sect became even more desperate!

"Dragon Palace, Dragon King!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

When the sect leader of the three seas sect saw that he was bound to lose, his body trembled and his eyes were filled with blood!

"I won't send you off!"

Wang Xian looked at the leader of the three seas sect and said calmly!

"I will avenge today, I will avenge today!"

He screamed shrilly, but in the next moment, his figure slowly disappeared!

"Useless roar!"

Wang Xian mumbled!

The remaining four immortal godly monarchs lost their will to fight when they saw their leader escaping!