Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2544: 2544 refused to enter the planet

"Reporting to Dragon King, all the enemies of the three seas gate have been annihilated!"

Five minutes later, the last four immortal King Level 5 warriors were killed. Prime Minister GUI reported with a smile on his face!

"Put away all the spoils of war. Also, in the name of the Dragon Palace, spread the word on the AI, Hehe!"

"Tell everyone that our dragon palace is not so easy to bully!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to Prime Minister Gui! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Alright, Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

"You guys take care of this. Ao he, come with me!"

Wang Xian looked at Ao he and said directly!

"Little Xian, where are you going?"

Beside him, a group of girls asked him curiously!

"I'm going to the southern star system. If everything goes well, my strength will be able to achieve a breakthrough!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

The leader of the three seas sect was a good person. He even released the level 5 immortal King War Pet!

Now that the war pet was captured by him, he only needed to sell it and his strength would be greatly enhanced!

This time, it was not to increase his combat strength by Level 1, but by Level 2!

Wang Xian wanted to increase his strength quickly!

Once he increased his combat strength, he could charge into Xing Hua planet without any hesitation and destroy the three seas gate!

As for those who refused to submit, he would kill them!

"Alright, be careful then!"

The group of girls nodded their heads!

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew towards the Dragon Palace at the side with Ao Xie!

Through the Dragon Palace on that barren planet, they entered the center of the star South Galaxy!

"Hehe, the three seas gate suffered such a heavy loss this time. I want to know if they will regret it later!"

Looking at the destroyed warship in front of them, celestial goddess di gloated!

She had lost almost half of the three seas gate's power because of a sect disciple!

The leader of the three seas gate was probably vomiting blood now!

"Hehe, take a few pictures and get some close-ups!"

Prime Minister Gui smiled as he walked over and opened his AI to take some pictures!

Especially the corpses of the undying level 5 warriors of the three seas sect, they were all close-ups!

Following which, he took out his AI and sent a message in the name of the Dragon Palace!

"The three seas sect leader has led over 150 undying and over 400,000 eternal god Lord level warriors to invade our Dragon Palace!"

"Our Dragon Palace can only welcome them warmly, because of the arrogance of a disciple of the three seas sect, this is the price they have to pay!"

After editing a message, Prime Minister GUI immediately sent it out!

On the side, Emperor Star Lady watched from the side, seeing the message from Prime Minister Gui, the corners of her mouth curled up!

"Prime Minister Gui, your attention isn't high, come come, I'll give you a thumbs up!"

Star Lady Emperor took out her artificial brain, her eyes shining!

"Star Lady, what you did was so beautiful, Haha!"

All the girls came over!

They didn't like a force that threatened their dragon palace and even sent troops to attack them!

After star Lady Emperor gave a thumbs up, all her fans could see the message!

In two to three hours at most, this news would spread throughout the entire star southern galaxy and even the Imperial Star Field!

At the same time, on the barren planet in the star Southern Galaxy, Wang Xian and ao crab came out from the ocean. Their bodies moved and they immediately flew towards the nearest planet!

Without the Imperial Star Lady, Yin Xuan, and the rest, Wang Xian and ao crab were very fast. They arrived at a human planet in half an hour!

It was a small planet, but there was a teleportation formation inside!

Through the teleportation formation, Wang Xian and the rest made a transit!

Wang Xian's destination this time was the commercial planet of Tian Shan!

The commercial planet of Tian Shan, one of the five major commercial planets, belonged to the Tian Shan Sword sect!

This was a top force in the southern star system. It had an immortal king level seven powerhouse overseeing it. It had been awe-inspiring in the southern star system for 50 to 60 million years!

Their background was not something that the tiger turmoil demon country could compare to!

It was also not something that the three seas gate and the rest could compare to!

This was a true old-school faction!

Buzz

Through the teleportation formation, Wang Xian instantly sensed that he had appeared on an incomparably prosperous planet!

Just from the surroundings of the teleportation formation, one could tell that it was a level higher than Xing Hua Planet!

"Warning, warning, the wanted criminals of the southern star system have entered!"

"Warning, warning, the wanted criminals of the southern star system have entered!"

Just as Wang Xian and the rest came out, the mechanical voice suddenly sounded!

This made Wang Xian slightly stunned!

Many people in the surroundings looked at him with vigilant expressions!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, one figure after another flew over. There were even small battleships among them!

The Immortal King who was in charge of the teleportation formation immediately appeared in the sky. His gaze was locked onto Wang Xian!

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he saw this scene!

"Huh? Dragon King of the Dragon Palace?"

The elder from Sky Mountain Sword sect looked at the AI in his hand and then at Wang Xian!

"Dragon King, you disregarded the rules of Xing Hua commercial planet and killed someone on the spot. You are now wanted by Xing Hua Commercial Planet!"

"Although our Tian Shan commercial planet will not arrest you, due to your performance, you are classified as a dangerous person. You are prohibited from entering Tian Shan Commercial Planet!"

"If you forcefully enter the planet, we will punish you according to the rules of Tian Shan Commercial Planet!"

The old man stared at Wang Xian coldly and said directly!

"He is the Dragon King?"

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, why is he here? Didn't the three seas sect attack them already? Could it be that they are trying to hide?"

"It's possible. However, the commercial planet of Tian Shan seems to have listed him as a prohibited person!"

"Although it was the disciple of the three seas sect who provoked him first on Xing Hua Planet, the Dragon King should be listed as a dangerous person since he killed someone directly. It's only right that the commercial planet of Tian Shan doesn't allow him to enter!"

The surrounding people looked at Wang Xian and whispered among themselves!

"Forbid him from entering?"

Wang Xian immediately frowned when he heard the old man's words!

"That's right. Please teleport back immediately. Otherwise, don't blame us for being rude!"

The old man stared at Wang Xian coldly and said!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. He stepped into the teleportation formation with a solemn face and left immediately!

"The Heaven Mountain Sword sect is so powerful. That Dragon King is also a force. If he says he can't enter, then he can't enter!"

"It's the Dragon King who broke the rules of the commercial planet. With the resources of the commercial planet, there's no need to put the Dragon King in his eyes. It's normal that he won't let us in!"

Everyone around shook their heads when they saw the Dragon King and the others leave!

"Hehe, the commercial planet of Tianshan is still safe. Even the leader of a force can not enter the commercial planet and support the Planet!"

Following which, some people exclaimed!

They gave a thumbs up for Tian Shan Business Planet!

"Elder, this Dragon King is also a peak level 5 undying god King Warrior, won't he be denied entry?"

In the air, a middle aged man walked to the old man's side and said softly!

"It's just a third rate pinnacle force, don't worry about it!"

The old man waved his hand, completely disregarding the Dragon Palace Dragon King!