Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2545: On planet 2545, building a commercial planet

The matter on planet Xing Hua had become so big that everyone in the entire star South Galaxy knew about it!

This matter had caused a great impact on planet Xing Hua!

At the same time, planet Xing Hua had also issued a wanted order for the arrest of the Dragon King and his people!

The weaker forces might not dare to arrest the Dragon King and forbid them from entering, but the other four forces, the four major commercial planets, did!

In addition, they had also learned about the incident on Xing Hua Planet. Although the three seas sect disciples were extremely arrogant, it was a fact that the Dragon King had killed them directly!

Therefore, they unanimously decided to forbid the Dragon King from entering their territory!

They didn't need to pay too much attention to a faction like the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

"They actually forbid him from entering their commercial planet!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was teleported out from Tianshan Planet, had a slightly ugly expression!

He didn't expect that Tianshan commercial planet would actually forbid him from entering. Once he wasn't allowed to enter, the war pet in his hands wouldn't be able to make a move!

"Let's go to the other three commercial planets!"

Wang Xian looked at the artificial intelligence in his hands and said to Ao crab!

Following that, they began to transit through the planet's array formation!

However, in the following few times, he was stopped before he could make a transit!

That was because he had entered the territory of the other three forces!

Out of the five commercial planets in the southern star system, other than Xing Hua Planet, which was jointly established by the three forces, the rest were established by the four forces -- the Sky Mountain Sword sect, the North Gate Immortal Dynasty, the Sky Eagle Cloud Group, and the ninth-grade Heaven sect!

Each force had a level seven immortal king realm expert overseeing them. In the area of the Hunk planet, they were definitely the overlords!

Each force had thousands of human life planets. Their immortal King realm experts numbered between 1,000 and 2,000!

If Wang Xian wanted to enter the other three commercial planets, he had to go through the planets in the territories of the three forces!

However, once he stepped into the territories of these three forces, he would be expelled!

Wang Xian did not want to offend the three forces. Even the forces of the Dragon Palace were not their match!

Furthermore, since the other party did not allow him to enter their planets, there was nothing he could do!

"If I can't enter the commercial planets, it would be difficult to sell the war pets in my hands!"

Wang Xian's expression was a little ugly. After obtaining a level five war pet from the Master of Eternal God, he was so excited that he wanted to sell it immediately to increase his strength!

However, he encountered such a situation!

Unlike other items, war pets could be sold on commercial planets by other people. He needed to tame them himself!

"Let's go back first!"

Feeling slightly frustrated, Wang Xian could only return!

Just as Wang Xian was about to return, a piece of information burst out in the southern star system!

"Look at the information released by the Dragon Palace. The leader of the three seas sect led a group of disciples to destroy the Dragon King. In the end, almost all of them were annihilated. Only the leader of the three seas sect escaped!"

"What... What's going on? Just now the three seas sect and Xing Hua Planet announced that they were going to destroy the Dragon Palace, and now the three seas sect has suffered heavy casualties!"

"Not just heavy casualties, look at the pictures, they are all top level warriors of the Three Seas Sect, 8 undying level 5 warriors have died!"

"Even the three seas sect's sea god battleship has been destroyed, it's said that 400,000 to 500,000 elite disciples and over 150 undying emperors were all killed by the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace definitely has an undying level 6 warrior, otherwise, how could they kill so many warriors from the Three Seas Gate, the Dragon Palace is no weaker than the three seas gate!"

The reason for the commotion was the message prime minister GUI had sent!

The news of the Three Seas Gate Warriors being destroyed!

When everyone saw the pictures, their faces were filled with shock!

The three seas gate was one of the masters of Xing Hua Planet. They were able to control commercial planets, which showed their strength!

They were ranked in the top ten in the entire star South Galaxy!

They had just sent a large number of disciples to destroy the Dragon Palace. In everyone's eyes, the Dragon Palace must have suffered heavy losses and the planet must have been destroyed!

However, the result was a crushing defeat. Only the three seas gate master survived!

This shocked everyone!

The Dragon Palace's strength could destroy almost half of the Three Seas Gate's strength. How strong were they?

At least they were not much weaker than the three seas gate!

In other words, the Dragon Palace's strength could almost be ranked in the top ten in the southern star system!

This caused everyone to be in an uproar!

However, not long after, a piece of information attracted the attention of many people!

The news was that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was refused entry to the commercial planet of Tian Shan!

This made everyone slightly shocked. However, when they thought about what happened on Xing Hua planet, they understood it! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Putting everything else aside, it was a fact that the Dragon King had killed people on the commercial planet. It was right to not allow him to enter!

"Sword King, we just received news that the Dragon Palace has destroyed almost half of the powerhouses of the three seas sect. They should also have a level 6 immortal god King guarding them. Should we not allow them to enter..."

However, at this moment, the old man who refused Wang Xian to enter the commercial planet of Sky Mountain respectfully reported the news to a phantom in front of him!

He did not take the Dragon King's refusal to enter their commercial planet to heart at first!

However, when he saw the news of the Dragon Palace destroying the powerhouses from the three seas gate, the old man was slightly worried!

The Dragon Palace's strength could be ranked in the top 10 in this region, it was enough for them to pay attention to it!

"It's alright, according to what I just learned, the North Gate Immortal Dynasty, Sky Eagle Cloud Group and Grade 9 Sky sect have also banned the Dragon King from entering. Since we've made a decision, there's no need to change it!"

"It's just a dragon palace, if we reject it, it'll be good for our sky mountain business planet's reputation too!"

The shadow of the Sword King said to the old man!

"Yes!"

The old man nodded his head slightly!

This was indeed a great boost to the reputation of their commercial planet. Moreover, if they were to publicize it, it would be more popular!

...

"Xiao Xian, what's going on?"

In the Dragon Palace, a group of girls had been paying attention to the information on the AI. They had also obtained the information regarding Wang Xian's refusal to enter the commercial planet!

"It's a little troublesome!"

Wang Xian shook his head and said!

"If they don't allow us to enter, we won't enter. What's The Big Deal!"

Guan Shuqing and the rest spoke on behalf of Wang Xian angrily!

"Hehe, it's just a small matter. Let me handle this matter!"

Wang Xian smiled and shook his head!

"Prime Minister Gui!"

He called out softly and summoned Prime Minister Gui over!

"What instructions do you have, Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui asked respectfully!

"From all the corpses we have obtained this time, we will form a level 6 immortal King member!"

"Also, do you know anything about the situation at the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation?"

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and knocked gently as he asked!

"Dragon King, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation is still seeking revenge against the demon Slayer sect. However, it seems that the demon Slayer sect has entered the ninth-grade heaven sect. Their battle has been temporarily alleviated!"