Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2546: 2546: creating a commercial planet

"Did the ninth-grade heaven sect interfere in the war between the demon Slayer sect and the Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked Prime Minister Gui!

"They didn't participate. However, the ninth-grade heaven sect allowed the people from the demon Slayer sect to enter their territory. This is also a form of protection!"

Prime Minister Gui replied!

"Is that so?"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment. The ninth-grade heaven sect protecting the demon Slayer sect was also offending the Chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

However, with the strength of the ninth-grade heaven sect, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation wouldn't dare to offend them rashly!

Although they had a level seven immortal king, they couldn't be compared to such a powerful force!

"Is the war over?"

Wang Xian took out his AI and sent a message to the imperial preceptor! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"The war has come to an end. Dragon King, we will send someone to send the corpse over soon!"

Not long after, the imperial preceptor of heaven demon replied to Wang Xian!

"I will make a trip to your chaotic tiger demon country. There are some matters!"

Wang Xian immediately told the imperial preceptor of Heaven Demon!

"Alright!"

The Imperial preceptor of heaven demon did not hesitate and agreed immediately!

This time, the chaotic tiger demon country was able to kill so many people from the demon sect because of the formation that Wang Xian gave them!

They would remember this favor!

"Let's go to the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!"

Wang Xian stood up immediately and said to Ao crab who was in front of him!

"Are they all so busy? Running around!"

At the side, Di Xingnu looked at Wang Xian and said!

"Yes, I'm a little busier!"

Wang Xian shrugged helplessly and left with ao crab and the rest!

"Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, are you interested in joining our Dragon Palace?"

While they were on their way, Wang Xian suddenly spoke to celestial emperor of Heaven's formation!

"HMM?"

Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation, who had been standing behind Wang Xian all this while, was suddenly taken aback. A virtual image appeared beside him directly!

"Dragon King, what do you mean?"

The virtual image of Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation trembled as he asked Wang Xian!

"If you are willing to join the Dragon Palace, I will be able to help you build your body very soon!"

Wang Xian said with a smile!

"Join the Dragon Palace and build your body!"

Upon hearing the words 'Build Your Body', the Phantom of the God of Heaven's formation trembled a little!

"Do I have to submit to you completely just to join the Dragon Palace?"

However, the God of Heaven's formation asked with a frown very quickly!

After being in Wang Xian's body for so long, he could naturally tell that the members of the Dragon Palace were 100% willing to submit to Wang Xian!

This kind of submission came from the soul. It was forcefully modified by the Dragon Palace!

"That's right, celestial thearch of Heaven's formation. You should also know that your upper limit is the celestial thearch. If you join the Dragon Palace, you will have the chance to stand at the top of the universe. You will have the chance to become a great wizard or even an ancestral wizard!"

Wang Xian said indifferently!

Wang Xian had been able to create a body for celestial thearch of Heaven's formation in the past. However, he did not create a real body for him!

The main reason was that it would consume too much energy to create a body for him. It would be better to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace!

However, Wang Xian was prepared to create a body for the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation!

The prerequisite was that he was willing to join the Dragon Palace!

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation would have great benefits if he joined the Dragon Palace. Wang Xian could create a body of the divine dragon for him!

The Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation's expression changed. He did not agree immediately!

Wang Xian didn't say anything either!

If the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation didn't agree, Wang Xian would probably create a body for him under the premise that the Dragon Palace would definitely suppress him!

After all, the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation knew too many secrets about the Dragon Palace!

It took Wang Xian more than ten hours to rush to the planet of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!

"Dragon King, I agree to join the Dragon Palace. When will you create a body for me?"

When he had just arrived at the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, the Celestial Thearch of Heaven's formation gave him a reply!

This made Wang Xian smile!

"Alright, I will use all the resources I got from the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation to rebuild your body!"

Wang Xian's eyes were shining!

Helping the Celestial Thearch of Heaven's formation rebuild his body did not mean that he could directly restore his combat strength to the level of a celestial thearch!

That would depend on how many resources the chaotic Tiger Fey Kingdom had!

With more resources, Tianchen divine emperor would be stronger. With fewer resources, he would be weaker!

As for returning to his peak, he would need to cultivate on his own, or even more resources!

"Alright!"

Tianchen divine emperor nodded his head heavily. He was filled with anticipation and excitement for his release!

He had already figured it out in the past ten hours. Even if he were to return to his peak, it would be difficult for him to take revenge!

If he wanted to destroy the other party, he would need to possess greater strength and influence!

The Dragon Palace had such potential!

"Welcome, Dragon King!"

In front of the teleportation formation, the experts from the chaotic tiger demon nation who had been waiting here saw Wang Xian and immediately went forward to welcome him!

"Alright, lead the way!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and followed the experts from the chaotic tiger demon nation as they flew towards the Demon God Palace!

"Welcome, Dragon King! hahaha!"

When Wang Xian and the rest entered the palace of the Demon God Palace, the imperial advisor of the Heaven Demon Nation, the king of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, immediately stood up and said with a loud laugh!

Their battle had just ended. It could be said to be a great victory!

They had already learned about what had happened at the Dragon Palace!

"Imperial preceptor, monarch, sorry to disturb you!"

Wang Xian cupped his hands at them!

"Haha, We Won't Disturb you. This time, we should go over personally to thank you, Dragon King!"

The monarch of chaotic tiger nation smiled and said!

"Dragon King, this is the enemy that we have beheaded this time!"

The imperial preceptor of Heaven Fey threw a few interspatial rings to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian swept his gaze over them. His eyes were filled with astonishment as he nodded slightly!

"Dragon King, I heard that you guys have been having some problems recently?"

The leader of the chaotic tiger nation gestured for Wang Xian to sit down and spoke!

"Some small matters can be handled by our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian smiled and looked at them. "I've asked the leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation and the National Master to come over this time. There's another matter that I want to discuss. Of course, the prerequisite is to see if you guys agree or not."

"Oh? What is it?"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation raised his eyebrows slightly and asked in puzzlement!

"I want to build a commercial planet. I wonder if you guys are interested in joining the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he replied indifferently!

"HMM? Build a commercial planet?"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation was slightly taken aback as a contemplative look appeared on his face!

One could imagine the profits of a commercial planet. Even those forces with deep foundations could not help but join in!

It was impossible for the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom to say that they did not want to own a commercial planet!

However, because they belonged to the heavenly demon clan, they were at a disadvantage in terms of race. In addition, they had been constantly fighting with the demon slaying sect. It was impossible for them to build a commercial planet!

What about now?

"Dragon King, it's not that easy to build a commercial planet. With our strength, we can do it, but honestly speaking, the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom can't do the operation

"Also, the most important thing about a commercial planet is its safety. The Demon Slayer sect will cause trouble here. Besides, the three seas gate will not allow our commercial planet to be built on your side, Dragon King!"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Nation said with a frown!

"I can solve all these problems!"

A hint of confidence appeared on Wang Xian's face!

Since the commercial planet would not allow him to enter, he would build a commercial planet!