Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2547: 2547 reconstructed his body

When Wang Xian was refused entry to the commercial planet of Tianshan, he had been thinking about this problem!

He had to help tame the Dragon Palace's War Pets for sale. The best place to sell a war pet was the commercial planet!

This was because the commercial planet was safe and had many people!

Now that the commercial planet did not allow him to enter, he could only sell it somewhere else!

Since he wanted to sell it somewhere else, why not build a commercial planet?

Wang Xian had seen how terrifying the profits of commercial planets were. An East Lake Planet could bring huge amounts of resources, not to mention the commercial planet at the center of the star South Galaxy!

Furthermore, Wang Xian had the confidence and ability to build a powerful commercial planet!

However, he was not too familiar with the star South Galaxy and did not have any background. It would be best if he needed the help of a powerful force to settle some matters!

Chaotic Tiger Demon Country was a good choice!

"HM? Dragon King, can you settle these matters? Just the safety of the commercial planet is a huge problem. If the immortal god King wants to cause trouble, he can just run away after killing people. There's nothing we can do!"

Chaotic Tiger Nation's leader frowned and asked again in disbelief!

"Don't worry, since I'm thinking of building a commercial planet, I've considered all of this. I'll solve this problem. Also, I can also solve the problem of the customers of the commercial planet. I know the star Goddess. The current goddess Yin Xuan is also a member of the Dragon Palace. In addition, she's Our Dragon Palace's War Pet. Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly at the king of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. There was a strong sense of confidence on his face!

"If the Dragon King is confident, the chaotic tiger demon nation will naturally agree!"

"However, our chaotic tiger demon nation might not be able to produce many things. However, there shouldn't be any problem for the old imperial preceptor to suppress the commercial planets!"

The Imperial preceptor of the heaven demon nation stood up immediately. His eyes were shining brightly!

The significance of a commercial planet was too great. Xing Hua Planet, the weakest commercial planet in the southern star system, was enough to feed the three major forces!

If their chaotic Tiger Demon Nation could have a commercial planet, they would be able to obtain an endless stream of resources!

"We still need some time to prepare for the specifics. I will tell you when the Dragon Palace is ready!"

Wang Xian smiled and said!

"Alright, our chaotic tiger demon country will definitely not decline when the time comes!"

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Country promised!

"Alright, by the way, leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Country, I have a level five immortal King War Pet here. I wonder if you guys can help me sell it?"

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment and said to them!

By exchanging the level five immortal King War pet for resources, his strength would be able to increase!

A qualitative increase!

"This, Dragon King, our tiger chaotic demon country can not eat this battle pet for now. The old country advisor's breakthrough consumed too much energy. Even though we gained a lot from this battle, many of our soldiers have fallen!"

"Our tiger chaotic demon country doesn't have many friends to begin with, it will be hard to find a buyer for you!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Tiger chaotic country leader shook his head slightly!

"It's alright, it's alright. I Can Wait a little longer. When the commercial planet opens for business, there will be a war pet sale!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly in disappointment!

After having a simple conversation with them, Wang Xian rushed back to the Dragon Palace!

"Dragon King, you can rebuild your body now, right?"

The moment he returned to the Dragon Palace, the Celestial Emperor of Heaven's formation could not help but show a phantom image as he spoke to Wang Xian with burning eyes!

"I can do it now!"

Wang Xian nodded and immediately flew towards the direction of the Dragon Transformation Pool!

"Prime Minister Gui, tell the members of the Dragon Palace in the dragon transformation pool to leave for the time being!"

As he spoke, he waved his arm and placed the corpses in his interspatial ring to the side. The corpses were quickly absorbed and turned into Dragon Blood!

Out of the ten interspatial rings, there were a total of a million corpses. Among them, there were more than 200 corpses of the Immortal King!

There were ten immortal god King Level 5 corpses!

There were also 500,000 to 600,000 immortal god King corpses!

It was obvious that the Tiger Chaos Demon Country had spent a lot of effort and cost to kill so many powerful warriors from the demon sect!

"Hualala!"

In the next moment, a large amount of dragon blood gushed out from the mouths of the nine dragons that were coiled around the dragon pillars!

"Come!"

Wang Xian's body moved and he immediately flew into the Dragon King Palace!

Whoosh

The incorporeal holy wings appeared behind him!

"When you come out from the incorporeal holy wings, the soul-returning wood will directly absorb you and turn you into a soul-returning fruit!"

"The resources in the dragon transformation pool are sufficient to allow you to evolve as you wish. You can choose any type of dragon!"

Wang Xian said to the Tiancheng god-emperor!

"Alright!"

The Tiancheng god-emperor immediately broke free from the incorporeal holy wings. The soul-returning wood trembled slightly and took away his soul. A fruit was slowly born!

Ten hours later, Wang Xian plucked the fruit and threw it into the dragon transformation pool!

"I hope you won't disappoint me!"

Wang Xian waved his arm again and threw a fruit into the pool as he muttered to himself!

The main reason why he rebuilt the body of the Tiancheng celestial thearch at this time was to prepare for his next plan!

A commercial planet!

The Tianchen Celestial Emperor was indispensable to the creation of a commercial planet!

"Prime Minister Gui, send the deviant demon, the Fire Hammer clan, Ao Qitian, and the others to capture the desolate beasts in the Lorman Desolate Beast Park!"

While the Tianchen Celestial Emperor was rebuilding his body, Wang Xian gave an order to Prime Minister Gui!

The commercial planet initially wanted to attract a large number of customers, mainly by relying on war pets. A large number of war pets!

The Fire Hammer clan knew about array formations. With the five elements grinding mill and the experts from the Dragon Palace, they could enter the Lorman desolate beast park and capture desolate beasts without restraint!

"It's the Dragon King. I will make the arrangements immediately!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately!

Following that, Wang Xian waited silently for the body of the divine emperor of Heaven Array to be reconstructed!

"Roar!"

A month later, an earth-shattering roar resounded throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

The sudden sound startled all the members of the Dragon Palace!

Wang Xian's body moved and he immediately arrived at the location of the dragon transformation pool. He stared straight ahead!

"Huh?"

Wang Xian looked straight ahead with a look of astonishment in his eyes!

"What is this guy doing?"

In the Dragon Transformation Pool, nine heads were suspended in the air. Each head had a different attribute!

The head looked exactly like a dragon's head and had a nine-colored body!

There were no such dragons in the Dragon Palace at the moment. It was not possible to have any attribute just by remolding the body!

However, the god of formation had indeed created nine attributes!

Wang Xian could clearly see that these nine attributes were not connected together. It was a little strange!

This was because with these nine attributes, this physical body could not be compared to the body of the Divine Dragon. In fact, it was far from being comparable!

"Xiao Xian, what happened?"

At this moment, a group of girls and Prime Minister Gui rushed over and asked with astonishment!

Wang Xian shook his head and did not speak. He looked at the dragon transformation pool quietly!

"Roar!"

At this moment, the nine dragon heads changed. The four dragon heads on the left and right were separated. The water elemental dragon heads were located in the middle!

The other eight dragon heads looked more like a weird arm now!