Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2558 2,558 voices shook the planet as they headed south

“Dragon King, this is the information that was just released by the Ninth-grade Heaven Sect. It’s obvious that they didn’t put us in their eyes. They didn’t give us any explanation regarding the demon Slayer sect either!”

At the war pet sales counter, the King of Chaotic Tiger Nation walked to Wang Xian’s side. He opened his AI and displayed the reply from the ninth-grade Heaven Sect!

“Hehe!”

Wang Xian smiled when he saw the content. “There’s no need to pay attention to it for now. We’ll deal with them one by one after today!”

“Dragon King, are you really going to make an enemy out of the ninth-grade Heaven Sect?”

The leader of the chaotic tiger nation frowned and asked with slight worry!

Even though the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation had a level seven immortal king, they were still fearful of the old ninth-grade heaven sect!

If they were to really fight, the tiger chaotic demon country would definitely be destroyed!

They might end up like the current demon Slayer sect, becoming a stray dog!

“This isn’t our problem. Right now, they are protecting the demon Slayer sect, and they have an undying godly monarch level 6 powerhouse. Their sneak attacks from time to time will cause us a lot of losses!”

“Therefore, either they chase away the people from the demon Slayer sect and we continue to hunt them down, or an even bigger war will break out!”

Wang Xian said with a cold gaze!

Right now, the three seas sect, the demon Slayer sect, and even the other two factions on Xing Hua Planet were all a great threat to them!

If they did not eradicate them, they might one day cause huge losses to them!

Wang Xian didn’t like this feeling. Therefore, even if he offended a ninth-grade celestial sect, he would still be able to get rid of it!

The most important thing was that once all the battle pets were sold today, the Dragon Palace’s strength would receive a huge boost after the sale of the level five immortal King Battle Pets!

He could also step into the immortal King Realm and possess a combat strength that was comparable to a level seven immortal King!

At that time, along with the sky array and the old imperial preceptor, he could totally clash with any force in the southern star system!

Chaotic Tiger Country Leader was silent for a while, before nodding!

“Dragon King, the battle pets have already been sold 80% , the rest will probably all be sold within half an hour!”

The Ai Upper Grade 9 Sky sect’s announcement didn’t affect the sale of the Dragon Palace battle pets, in less than an hour, they had already sold 80% of the battle pets!

“Very good. When all the war pets are sold out, tell the Heaven Array to advertise the training grounds!”

Wang Xian smiled and said!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head!

“Wow, the speed at which the war pets are sold out is too fast. There are no more of them now!”

“It’s only been an hour and more than 200,000 war pets have been sold out. This is too crazy!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In an entire hour, everyone realized that all the battle pets had been sold out!

According to the Dragon Palace’s announcement, there was still half of the battle pets that hadn’t been sold out, however they had to be sold out in batches within the next 10 days!

Even so, over 200,000 battle pets were sold out, it was extremely terrifying!

There were over 70 undying emperor battle pets, two of them were level 5 undying Emperor Battle Pets!

“Dragon Emperor, it’s about to begin!”

At this time, Prime Minister Gui walked over and said!

Weng

The moment he finished speaking, a huge image appeared in the sky above Dragon Star!

Within the image, a voice resounded in everyone’s minds!

“Dragon Star training grounds, the training grounds for plundering the fortunes of Heaven and earth, it’s divided into 9 attributes, containing the law space!”

When the voice entered their ears, everyone couldn’t help but be slightly shocked!

“What’s happening? What’s Happening?”

“Look at the Sky? Is Dragon Star announcing something?”

“Damn, so powerful, the entire sky is a picture, this ability is so abnormal!”

“Dragon Star training ground, what’s That Thing?”

Everyone heard the voice and trembled slightly, looking up in shock, looking up at the sky!

“The dragon star training grounds can place God stones into it to train. The density of the spirit energy inside can range from Undying Level 1 god Country Spirit Energy to undying level 6 spirit energy!”

“Because the dragon star training grounds has all sorts of attributes, the speed of training is much faster than the undying God Country...”

The voice continued to reach everyone’s ears, slowly, some of them stared wide eyed, their faces filled with shock!

How Thick would the undying God country’s spirit energy be?

Many people understood it!

However, how many people could actually train in the Undying God Country?

The undying God Emperor would place his god country in a very safe and hidden space crack, no one would announce his undying God country!

Because once it was announced, the enemy would be able to lock onto the god country and attack!

When the god country was locked onto, the god Emperor would basically be useless even if he didn’t die!

Hence, the only people who could truly train within the undying God country were the close relatives of the god Emperor, otherwise they wouldn’t even know where they were!

...

As for the sect’s core grotto-heaven, there were many that were comparable to the undying God country, however how many people could enter?

However, the dragon star training grounds actually had such a terrifying ability!

“Hiss, this... is this real or fake? How is this possible, if there was such a powerful training ground, wouldn’t it attract countless warriors to train!”

“How many God stones would it take to enter such a terrifying training ground?”

Some people heard these words, their faces filled with shock, even some warriors gaped!

An undying Level 1 could enter the Undying Level 6 god country’s training room, this was a huge opportunity for them!

“The specific effects, the specific price, everyone can go to the training grounds to try it out, take a look, you’ll know when you get there!”

Prime Minister Gui and the rest floated in mid air, speaking to everyone!

Then, the experts of the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom led them into the training ground!

The enormous training ground covered an area of more than a thousand kilometers. Around the training ground were all kinds of shopping malls!

Everything revolved around the training ground!

...

More than a billion people surged into the training ground. After they entered, a staff member gave a simple explanation!

Some warriors couldn’t help but enter to probe!

However very quickly, more and more people entered the training grounds!

In less than an hour, the dragon star training grounds had exploded!

Everyone who entered went crazy!

“The training speed in there is terrifying, the attributes are abundant, it makes my mind much clearer, this is 10 times stronger than our sect’s grotto-heaven blessed land!”

“Hiss, as long as I have enough god stones, I can reach the level of an undying level 6 god country, this is too terrifying, I feel that training here will not take me long to break through!”

“The consumption of God stones isn’t as much as I thought, but it’s not little either, however the effects are too terrifying!”

“I’m 100% sure that the dragon star is about to explode, just with this training ground alone, it can explode the entire southern star system!”

Around the dragon star training ground, everyone was boiling and discussing in disbelief!