Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2559 2559 had reached undying emperor level

“Shocking, the dragon star has a heaven defying training ground, it’s extremely useful to even undying emperors!”

“The safety of the Dragon Star, the heaven defying training ground, the Dragon Star Commercial Planet will definitely rise in the future!”

“There are too many heaven defying training grounds, there will probably be many warriors coming, there are only 10 million training grounds, they will definitely fill up in the future!”

“With the current situation on Dragon Star, the overall situation on dragon star is much stronger than the other five commercial planets!”

In the afternoon, Dragon Star’s commercial planet completely shook the entire star south star system, especially the Dragon Palace training grounds, it shook many powers!

That powerful training ground was enough to quickly raise an undying god King, not to mention an eternal god Lord Warrior!

When this news spread to the other five commercial planets, it made everyone extremely moved!

This time, it was truly moving!

Even the ninth grade Sky sect and Sky Mountain Sword sect frowned slightly, they were extremely shocked at the Dragon Star Training Ground!

“Hahaha, our dragon star has completely shaken the entire south star, there are many warriors rushing towards our Dragon Star!”

In the Dragon King Palace of the Dragon Palace, the experts of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom were talking excitedly!

Even if the training ground had nothing to do with them, they might be able to get forty percent of the profits from other places!

It was a huge gain for the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!

In the future, the expenses of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom would be increased steadily with the help of the Dragon Star alone!

“Set up an upper line on the planet. Once this upper limit is reached, outsiders will be prohibited from entering!”

Wang Xian smiled and said to the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

“Good Dragon King, leave this to us!”

The leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation said with a smile!

“Reporting to Dragon King, some divine stones have been exchanged for elixirs!”

At this moment, a few experts from the Dragon Palace rushed in from outside and reported to Wang Xian!

“Have you exchanged for it?”

Wang Xian’s eyes were filled with excitement. With a wave of his arm, he took the interspatial rings one by one!

“Leader of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, make some preparations tonight. We will destroy planet Xing Hua Tomorrow Morning!”

Wang Xian looked at the pills in the interspatial ring and immediately told all the experts from the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation!

“Shall we do it tomorrow? Alright!”

The chaotic tiger demon kingdom nodded and said, “Let’s Go and prepare immediately!”

“Alright, we will gather on the central planet above Dragon Star Tomorrow Morning!”

Wang Xian immediately made up his mind!

The experts from the chaotic tiger demon kingdom nodded and did not stay any longer. They immediately headed towards the planet of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!

“With these elixirs, my strength will be able to improve qualitatively!”

Wang Xian mumbled and waved his hand. All the experts of the Dragon Palace retreated!

“Roar!”

He growled and immediately transformed into a divine dragon. A large number of pills were swallowed into his stomach!

The pills in his hand were sufficient to increase his strength. He still had a large amount of dragon Qi left!

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”!

Very soon, the shadows of the divine dragons circled around him. Seven-colored rays of light illuminated the entire Dragon King Palace!

“Ding! Congratulations to host for your level increase. You have reached Immortal King Level 1. Your Divine Dragon Transformation has reached the seventh transformation!”

The system’s voice rang out, causing Wang Xian to reveal an extremely excited expression!

He had broken through! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Roar!”

He couldn’t help but let out a series of roars. Wang Xian could feel that his body was filled with destructive power!

He even felt that he could easily destroy a huge life planet with a sweep of his dragon tail!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Immortal King Level 1(Divine Dragon Transformation 7th form)

Origin: 2414344/1000000

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one’s level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capturing, spirit attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements grinding, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Substantive law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 1)

...

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Members of the Dragon Palace: 389,8

Looking at his attributes, the corner of Wang Xian’s mouth curled up slightly!

The current him had reached a length of 15,000 meters, which was comparable to a small-sized void Behemoth!

However, his strength was much stronger than an ordinary void Behemoth!

“This upgrade is a qualitative change. It allows my strength to stand at the peak of the southern star system. With my current strength, I can be unafraid of anyone!”

A smile appeared on Wang Xian’s face!

“Next, I will sweep away all enemies!”

He muttered. With a move of his body, he immediately transformed into human form. The physical laws immediately transformed into a seven-colored dragon robe. Looking at it, it was filled with endless majesty!

From God Lord to God King, it was a qualitative change. One could live for tens of millions of years and tear through space and enter the space crack!

...

The undying God country could also directly enter the space crack!

At this moment, Wang Xian could make the dragon palace hide in the space crack!

“Prime Minister Gui!”

He shouted softly!

“I’m here, Congratulations Dragon King for your breakthrough!”

Prime Minister Gui entered and congratulated respectfully!

“Get all the members of the Dragon Palace to prepare to set off with me tomorrow to destroy Xing Hua Planet!”

Wang Xian said with a cold gaze!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui immediately nodded his head!

“In addition, we have sent the deviant demon and the rest to investigate all sorts of information about the three seas sect today. This time, we will capture all of them in one go!”

Wang Xian sat there with his eyes filled with cold murderous intent!

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head heavily and immediately retreated to issue an order!

Wang Xian stood in front of the dragon throne and looked at the entire gigantic Dragon Palace!

Unknowingly, in the past twenty years, he had gone from a nobody to the overlord of the world!

...

“We have already sent people to investigate. The effect of the training grounds is indeed heaven-defying. Next, our Xing Hua Planet may lose a large number of people!”

At that moment, in the warship above Xing Hua, the three major forces gathered together and said somewhat helplessly!

Ever since the birth of the Dragon Star, they had been discussing various things!

Seeing that the dragon star was exploding, the three major forces were filled with helplessness!

“Has the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation continued to ask about our reply?”

The president of the Jianhua group rubbed his brows and said helplessly!

“There’s no response at the moment. They are currently dealing with the matters on Dragon Star. They probably don’t have the time to care about us!”

An elder said in a deep voice!

“Now, we can only take things one step at a Time!”

The three major forces sat there helplessly and said in a low voice!

Faced with the rise of Dragon Star, they had no other options at the moment!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh

The next morning, everyone on the Dragon Star could see that the million soldiers of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom were flying toward a planet around the Dragon Star!

Soon, they found that the powerful army of the Dragon Palace was also flying toward the planet in the ocean of the Dragon Star!

Such a big movement had aroused the surprise and curiosity of many people!