2561 Under the destruction of 2561 one-clawed planet

“The three major forces of Xing Hua Planet, you have hired the experts from the Black Cloud Planet’s Skull Association to destroy our Dragon Planet. Do you think we don’t Know?”

“Since you dare to cause trouble on Our Dragon Planet, you will have to pay the price. Also, your three seas sect, Hehe!”

Wang Xian stared at them and smiled sinisterly!

The experts from the three major forces stared at them with an extremely furious expression. Their bodies were filled with a murderous aura!

When they heard Wang Xian’s words, their chests kept heaving up and down!

“Dragon King, don’t slander us. You said that we hired the experts from the Skeleton Society of the Black Cloud Planet to cause trouble on Your Dragon Star. Please provide us with evidence!”

The president of the Jianhua group stared at Wang Xian with a gloomy expression and growled in a low voice!

“Evidence? The powerhouse from the skull union that we caught is the evidence!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The old National Master stared at them and said with a cold expression!

“I’ll give you ten seconds. If you dare to stop us in front of you, prepare to die!”

Wang Xian stared at the three major forces on Xing Hua Planet and warned them with murderous intent!

“You... Dragon Palace, Tiger Turmoil Demon Nation, don’t think that we are afraid of you. If you dare to destroy Xing Hua planet today, the three major forces will not rest until you die!”

The leader of the three seas sect glared at Wang Xian with a ferocious expression and roared crazily!

“Fight to the death. The one who will die will be the three seas sect!”

Wang Xian looked at the leader of the three seas sect and a cold glint flashed across his eyes!

“All the disciples of the Dragon Palace and the soldiers of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation, kill them all!”

Wang Xian raised his arm and the five elements Millstone flew directly into the sky!

“Kill, Roar Roar Roar!”

The old king let out a roar and the clothes on his body turned into pieces instantly. He turned into a celestial tiger that was thousands of meters in size!

“Roar Roar Roar!”

The next moment, the members of the Dragon Palace and the members of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation let out earth-shattering roars at the same time!

“HMPH, a bunch of people who are looking for death!”

Wang Xian’s arm trembled and immediately turned into a dragon claw!

“Dragonnation in the palm!”

He let out a low growl and used a dharma idol that he had yet to use. The dragonnation in the palm was of little use to him now!

However, in this starry sky and in this crushing battle, it was completely suitable!

In an instant, a dragon claw that was tens of millions of kilometers long appeared in the starry sky!

The entire dragon claw was extremely ferocious and contained an earth-shattering power!

“What!”

“This power!”

The sudden appearance of the huge and terrifying dragon claw caused everyone to be shocked!

Even the old imperial preceptor looked over at Wang Xian, his eyes filled with shock!

“This is? An undying god King Level 7 battle strength, the Dragon King’s strength...”

The old imperial preceptor’s pupils constricted, his face filled with shock!

“Oh no, that Dragon King’s strength is also immortal King Level 7, undefeatable, undefeatable!”

The sudden order from the Dragon King, the terrifying power that erupted instantly, caused all the powerhouses from the three major forces to reveal shocked expressions!

Especially the sect leader of the three seas sect, he stared with his eyes wide open, staring at Wang Xian in disbelief!

“Run, run, run!”

The next moment, the upper echelons of the three major forces immediately roared!

Weng

However at this time, the 5 elements Millstone arrived at the 3 seas gate and the array instantly enveloped them!

Weng Weng Weng

Beams of light immediately shot towards everyone from the 3 seas gate!

Some of the Warriors were filled with shock, their silhouettes flashing as they left!

The 3 seas gate leader’s pupils contracted as he left!

However, even more people were engulfed by the light!

“Not good, not good. Sect leader, save me, I CAN’T SENSE MY OWN UNDYING GOD COUNTRY!”

An undying god King suddenly shouted out in fear!

The Warriors from the other two forces around heard it and were shocked!

Weng Weng Weng

In the next moment, the people from the three forces disappeared crazily. In the end, there were only a few hundred thousand disciples from the three seas sect!

“Die!”

Wang Xian’s dragon claw fell toward them. His eyes were filled with coldness!

...

“No!”

Everyone was shocked. Their faces were filled with despair!

“Hehe, demons, you can blame that disciple of the three seas sect!”

Wang Xian’s disdainful voice rang out!

If it weren’t for that extremely arrogant young master Ji of the three seas sect, they wouldn’t have ended up in this situation!

Boom

The Dragon Claw swept past, and the destructive power instantly dissipated their vitality. They couldn’t resist at all!

Even the three level 5 immortal King realm experts who didn’t manage to escape in time were instantly killed!

“Xing Hua planet’s three major powers have hired experts to head to Dragon Planet to destroy it. Today, the people of Dragon Planet are using destroying Xing Hua planet as a warning to the world!”

Wang Xian destroyed the experts and elite disciples of the three seas sect with a single claw. His gaze turned to Xing Hua Planet!

A cold voice echoed across Xing Hua Planet. Following that, he slowly raised his dragon claw-like arm and attacked Xing Hua Planet!

...

“This... Hiss, Xing hua planet is about to be destroyed!”

“Run!”

There were still some people who did not run away. When they saw the Dragon Claw attack, their faces were filled with fear. Their figures were slightly illusory. Some of the weaker ones entered the teleportation formation!

Boom

The five minutes they had been given were up. There was no one left on planet Xing Hua!

The Dragon Claw fell heavily, disliking the endless dust!

“Bang! Bang! Bang!”

The stars seemed to be unable to withstand the terrifying force and produced intense clashing sounds!

In the void, all the experts of the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom could see that planet Xing Hua in front of them was rapidly cracking!

The cracks began to spread and slowly, the entire planet was like a ruptured earthen ball!

Boom

Finally, a loud boom reverberated throughout the universe. Xing Hua Planet, which was once one of the five major commercial planets in the southern star system, collapsed immediately!

The once glorious planet turned into fragments and turned into the dust of the universe!

Wang Xian’s eyes were devoid of any emotion as he watched the destruction of the planet coldly!

“Dragon King, we have already figured out the situation of the three seas sect. Should we attack them immediately?”

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui received the message from the strange demon and the rest. He flew towards Wang Xian and asked respectfully!

“Let’s Go and destroy the three seas sect!”

Wang Xian nodded and looked at the members of the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation. “Old National Advisor, Let’s Go and deal with the three seas sect. You guys can go back first!”

“Alright!”

The old imperial preceptor looked at him deeply before nodding his head!

“Let’s go to the planet of the Three Seas Gate!”

Wang Xian shouted softly. All the members of the Dragon Palace followed behind him at a terrifying speed!

“Destroying the stars with a single claw. The Dragon King’s strength is so terrifying!”

“It’s not just terrifying. This is too heaven-defying. Just how strong is the Dragon King when he destroyed the stars with a single claw? is he even stronger than our old imperial preceptor?”

Seeing the experts of the Dragon Palace quickly disappear into the starry sky, the experts and soldiers of the chaotic tiger demon kingdom whispered in shock!

The Dragon King’s scene just now was simply invincible in their eyes!

“Haha, Okay, okay. Let’s go back!”

The old imperial preceptor laughed and waved his hand. “Let’s go back!”

The southern star system would definitely be shocked again in this battle!