Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2570 2570 united

“What happened today is the greatest humiliation of our ninth-grade sky sect!”

In the ninth-grade sky sect, more than a thousand undying godly monarchs gathered in the main hall. At the very front, an elder leaned against a chair with his eyes closed as he said slowly!

The Thousand Undying Godly monarchs in the main hall fell silent!

Now, the entire star South Galaxy was laughing at them!

One Dragon Palace, one tiger chaos demon country, they had lost a huge amount of reputation, at the same time, their commercial planet had suffered huge losses!

Their reputation and resources had all suffered huge losses!

On the contrary, their enemy, the Dragon Palace, had risen due to this wave!

“The Dragon Star of the Dragon Palace and Tiger Chaos Demon Country, we can not break through, but I don’t believe that they can withstand our unceasing harassment!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

An undying god Emperor’s expression changed as he said coldly!

“If we harass them, they can harass us too. This method can hurt 1,000 enemies, it can hurt 2,000 of them!”

An elder glanced at him and said coldly!

The undying God Emperor’s expression changed and he didn’t continue speaking!

“We can attack the Tiger Chaos Demon Country and the other planets of the Dragon Palace, we don’t have to attack their dragon star, however, their strength is much stronger than we imagined!”

An elder said as he frowned slightly!

They could attack the other planets of the Dragon Palace and the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom, but the enemy was not much weaker than them. If they attacked the enemy, the enemy could also counterattack!

Their commercial planet could block the attack, but they could not!

The elder’s words silenced the others. The strength of the Dragon Palace and the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom was not something that they could move at will!

“Reporting, Patriarch. There are three seas gate, the Jianhua Group, and the Black Forest group outside requesting an audience!”

At this moment, a disciple walked in and reported!

“Three Seas Gate, the Jianhua Group, and the Black Forest Group?”

Everyone raised their eyebrows slightly. The leader of the ninth-grade sky sect, who was sitting in the front, waved his hand and said, “Let them in!”

“The forces of Xing Hua Planet?”

The old ancestor beside them opened his eyes and said indifferently!

“The three seas sect, the Jian hua group, and the Black Forest Group have disturbed the ninth-grade sky sect!”

Soon, more than ten middle-aged elders walked in. They glanced around and their eyes fell on the sect master and the old ancestor of the ninth-grade sky sect in front of them!

“Oh? I didn’t know that all of you came here?”

The sect master of the ninth-grade sky sect looked at them and asked indifferently!

“Sect master of the sky sect, the three forces are here. We don’t beat around the bush. We want to form an alliance with you!”

“Although we know that there is still a big gap between us and the ninth-grade sky sect, the three forces are not weak either. We want to form an alliance with you when we deal with the Dragon Palace, Tiger, and chaotic demon country in the future!”

The president of the Jianhua group said directly!

After learning that the Dragon Palace, Tiger, and chaotic demon country were so powerful, the most embarrassed people were not the ninth-grade heaven sect, but the three seas gate and the others!

Now that planet Xing Hua had been destroyed by the Dragon Palace and the three seas gate had become homeless dogs, the Jianhua Group and the Black Forest Group were also very careful!

After thinking for a while, the three forces came to see if they could form an alliance with the ninth-grade Heaven Sect!

If the ninth grade sky sect agreed, then it would be much easier for them to deal with the Dragon Palace in the future, and they could even completely suppress it!

“Oh?”

The ninth grade sky sect master’s eyes gleamed as he looked at the people from the three major factions!

The three major factions were once able to establish a business planet, and their strength could not be underestimated!

With the three major factions joining forces, there were more than 1,200 undying godly monarchs back then. Now, even if the three seas sect lost some, there were still more than 1,000 of them!

Now, their motives for coming to the Alliance were very clear to the ninth grade heaven sect!

The Dragon Palace and tiger chaotic demon country had destroyed their commercial planet. The three major factions also wanted revenge!

“If it’s an alliance, our ninth grade heaven sect doesn’t have any objections. However, when dealing with the dragon palace and tiger chaotic demon country in the future...”

The sect master of the Ninth Grade Heaven sect said without hiding anything!

“Sect master, we can form an alliance first. As for dealing with the dragon palace and tiger chaotic demon country, we can take our time. They have powerful array formation grandmasters watching over them, but in fact, in terms of strength, they are not as powerful as the ninth grade heaven sect!”

“We still have a chance to deal with them!”

The sect master of the three seas sect said with a gloomy face!

“Hehe, that’s true!”

A faint smile appeared on the sect Master of the Ninth-grade Heaven Sect!

“In that case, let’s form an alliance first. As for how to deal with them, it depends on the situation!”

An elder of the ninth-grade heaven sect stood up and made a decision!

“Good, good!”

The three seas sect leader and the rest were delighted!

“Hua!”

“Something big has happened again. The three seas sect, the sword flower group, the Black Forest Group, the demon Slayer sect and the Ninth Grade Sky sect have announced an alliance!”

...

“This... What’s going on? The five powers actually announced an alliance? It wasn’t strange for the Demon Slayer sect and the ninth grade sky sect to form an alliance, but why did the three seas sect’s sword flower group and the Black Forest Group suddenly form an alliance with the ninth grade sky sect? Was it to jointly deal with the Dragon Palace, Tiger Chaos Demon Country?”

“Isn’t this alliance too terrifying? One of the top powers in the southern star system, the rest are all in the top 10, this... Don’t they have over 2,000 undying fighters in total!”

“Looks like this is going to be a long battle with the Dragon Palace, Tiger Chaos Demon Country!”

Very quickly, in less than two hours, the three seas gate, Jian hua group, and the Black Forest Group announced the Alliance!

Soon, the ninth-rank celestial sect also announced it!

The enemy of an enemy was a friend. From the outside, it was obvious that the five forces were working together to deal with the Dragon Palace and the Tiger Demon Country!

The news caused a lot of shock and discussion!

Some people said that the Dragon Palace and the tiger demon country might be finished!

Some people said that the Dragon Palace would not be destroyed and the dragon star would not be destroyed. However, their range of activity in the southern star system would be greatly reduced in the future!

There were also people who speculated that the Alliance of the five major forces would create a barrier for the dragon palace even if they could not break through the defense of the Dragon Star!

This barrier meant that it would be very dangerous for the disciples of the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom to leave their territory in the future!

...

There were also people who speculated that the ninth-grade sky sect was prepared to fight a long war with the Dragon Palace and the chaotic tiger demon kingdom to see who could not afford to waste their energy first!

The Alliance of the five major factions had shocked many people and factions!

“An alliance, how interesting!”

When Wang Xian saw this message, his expression didn’t change much!

Even if the five major factions were to join forces, they wouldn’t be able to break through the defense of the Dragon Star. As for creating trouble, they might not dare to do so either!

At most, they would be attacked when they were outside of their territory!

“Five major factions, do you think I’m afraid of you just because you are joining forces?”

Wang Xian revealed a cold expression!

When the Dragon Palace possessed absolute strength, Wang Xian would be the first to destroy the five major forces!

He would let them know the consequences of offending the Dragon Palace!