Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2574 2574 had a bountiful harvest

Wang Xian did not know that when the people from the Dragon Palace rushed over, the Alliance of the Ninth-grade Heaven Sect had also sent people over!

Although they were only here to try their luck, they would encounter the people from the Dragon Palace if they could. If they could not, they would hunt down some abyssal species!

However, what the people from the ninth-grade heaven sect did not know was that the thorned dragon species from the dragon palace was hidden among them!

Secondly, ao crab alone could represent the entire Dragon Race of the Devouring Dragon!

In his body, there were still 500 immortal king level experts, and two of them were level 6 immortal king level experts!

On the surface, only 140 experts from the Dragon Palace had rushed over!

Five hours later, Wang Xian saw a group of experts from the Dragon Palace rushing over from the entrance of the Abyss!

“Dragon King!”

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately shouted respectfully!

“Alright, let’s Go!”

Wang Xian looked at them and said with a smile on his face!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

The members of the Dragon Palace nodded and immediately followed behind!

Buzz

Entering from the entrance of the Abyss, Wang Xian and the rest flew into the abyss at a terrifying speed!

“Eh? That seems to be the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!”

“I have to say that the rise of the dragon star is too fast. It is now the most popular planet in our star Southern Galaxy!”

“It’s them. Let’s go. Our Sky Mountain Sword sect has no enmity with them!”

At the back, a few hundred middle-aged elders whispered to each other when they saw the people from the Dragon Palace entering the Abyss!

A few hundred people also flew into the Abyss!

In the star South star system, because it was relatively safe, some warriors and powers came to the Abyss to hunt for Abyss seeds!

If they were lucky enough to hunt a few dozen to a hundred, it was equivalent to their 100,000 to a million years of hard work!

For a god Emperor to break through again, they had to have powerful resources to support them!

The Dragon Star was already powerful enough, however a year’s worth of resources were all spent on a member of the Dragon Palace, giving him at most undying level 6 battle strength!

And this was because the Dragon Palace members had the Dragon God bloodline, making it easy for them to level up. For normal people, a year’s worth of resources from the Dragon Star to raise an undying level 1 to level 2 was already considered not bad!

It was very hard for an undying to level up without risking his life!

Of course, there was a price to pay, who knew how many warriors had been buried in the Abyss!

There was once a powerful faction in the southern star system. All the top powerhouses had fallen in the abyss, and the entire faction was on its way to decline!

“Did you bring the Dragon’s blood?”

After flying forward for ten hours, Wang Xian found a dilapidated abyssal land floating in it!

The land was about a thousand kilometers in circumference. It was not too small!

“I brought it!”

Ao he nodded!

“You guys are divided into three teams. The center of the team is about 500 million kilometers apart. Then, place the dragon’s blood in the air to attract the abyssal seeds. If you can kill the abyssal seeds yourself, kill them immediately!”

“If you can’t kill them, if there are no abyssal seeds above Immortal King Level 7, bring the Dragon’s blood and escape to me. If the abyssal seeds are too strong, just give up the dragon’s blood and escape!”

Wang Xian reminded the members of the Dragon Palace!

“Yes, Dragon King!”

The members nodded and immediately spread out!

This time, there were fire gold dragon seeds. All of them had control over the formation and could completely set up a concealment formation to conceal themselves!

Unless there was an abyss seed above level 6 immortal king that could discover them!

When they encountered such an abyss seed, they didn’t need to conceal themselves and ran away!

Ao Yaoyao, AO qitian, and the other two were in a three-wave formation. They were spread out within a radius of two billion kilometers!

Wang Xian placed his dragon blood on a pond on the land in front of him and waited quietly!

“Roar Roar Roar!”

Half an hour later, roars could be heard from below!

Abyssal seeds had all sorts of shapes and sizes. They could freely evolve their bodies. This was also the reason why their combat strength was so strong!

Looking at the few immortal god King abyssal seeds charging at him from below, Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly!

Buzz Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He extended his dragon claw and easily grabbed them before destroying them!

“It’s so convenient to have dragon blood!”

Wang Xian mumbled and continued to wait here!

After half an hour without encountering any abyssal seeds, he immediately changed his position!

In other places, the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace had also gained a lot!

...

Wang Xian and the members of the Dragon Palace had been maintaining a relatively close position, using the dragon blood to lure them!

The following month went very smoothly!

They swept through a large area and killed more than 100,000 abyssal seeds. Among them, there were more than 1,000 undying godly monarch level ones!

Among them, there were five level 6 undying godly monarch level ones!

“Give me one to two years, and the Dragon Palace will be able to receive a huge upgrade. These five level 6 undying godly monarch level abyss seeds corpses will allow the dragon palace to give birth to an undying godly monarch level 7 battle strength!”

Wang Xian muttered to himself as he hid by the side with a smile on his face and waited!

“Eh? That’s? There are so many abyss seeds, elder, Look!”

At the same time, not far away, a group of middle-aged elders looked ahead with excitement in their eyes!

In front of them, hundreds of abyss seeds were flying downwards!

Leading them were more than ten immortal king level abyss seeds. The strongest one was at Immortal King Level 4!

“Hahaha, my luck is really good. Let’s Go and capture all these abyss seeds immediately!”

...

Everyone’s faces revealed an extremely excited expression!

“They’re here. Everyone, get ready!”

In front of the hundreds of abyssal seeds, ao Qitian’s gaze was fixed on the abyssal seeds that were flying towards the dragon blood in front of them. His eyes flickered with a luster!

“Wait, leader Ao, there’s a group of people flying towards us from above!”

A fire-gold dragon seed looked towards the position above and reminded AO qitian!

“Eh?”

Ao Qitian looked up and squinted his eyes!

“Don’t show yourself yet, the rest of you will kill this group of abyssal seeds!”

He glanced at the group of people, frowned slightly, and immediately ordered!

“Yes!”

The group of Dragon Palace members nodded!

“Attack!”

At this time, Ao Qitian ordered, and terrifying attacks directly covered the hundreds of abyssal seeds!

“Boom!”

The violent energy instantly covered the abyssal seeds!

“Not good, elder, someone is snatching our prey!”

Above them, when they saw the abyssal seeds that they were following being attacked, their expressions changed slightly!

“The opponent’s strength isn’t very strong, snatching prey!”

The leading elder slightly narrowed his eyes, and stretched out his arm, a huge green palm grabbing towards the abyssal seeds that were being attacked!

“Stop, this is the prey that we’ve attracted!”

Ao Qitian’s eyes revealed a cold expression when he saw the other party making a move. He waved his arm and a blood-red chain directly coiled towards all the abyssal seeds!

“Bang Bang Bang!”

However, the elder’s strength was not weak either. The cyan palm and the blood-red chain collided with each other, producing an intense sound!

“This is the prey that we are chasing!”

He said coldly. With a sweep of his palm, he grabbed a portion of the abyssal seed’s corpse!