Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2580 2,580 was killed immediately

“Sigh, it’s been two months, and we’ve only gained a little. Deacon Feng was also seriously injured by accident!”

“The best time was the hundreds of abyssal seeds. F * ck, if it weren’t for the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, those abyssal seeds would have been ours!”

“I wonder if the ninth-grade sky sect has wiped out the experts of the Dragon Palace. Humph!”

“If the Dragon Palace didn’t leave, even if they didn’t kill all of them, the Dragon Palace would have suffered heavy losses!”

Not far from the exit of the Abyss, the people from the Sky Mountain Sword sect were chatting with unpleasant expressions!

This time, the Patriarch of the sect had led them into the abyss, but they hadn’t gained much in the past two months. One of the Deacons was even ambushed and almost died!

This made their faces extremely ugly!

When they thought about how they had the opportunity to kill hundreds of abyssal seeds a month ago, but they had been snatched away by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, they became even angrier!

Now, they prayed that the people from the Dragon Palace would be killed by the ninth-grade sky sect and run away!

“Shut up!”

At this moment, the elder of the Sky Mountain Sword sect at the front suddenly said in a deep voice!

“Eh?”

Everyone was slightly shocked. The rest of the experts sensed something and immediately looked to the side!

“That is? Dragon King!”

Everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect was slightly shocked. Following that, they pursed their lips and stopped talking!

“May I know why you are here, Dragon King?”

When the elder of the Sky Mountain Sword sect saw Wang Xian flying over, his eyes flickered. He cupped his hands and asked!

“It’s nothing much. I just have a question for you all!”

When Wang Xian noticed them, he flew over immediately!

He swept his gaze across the people of the Sky Mountain Sword sect, sensed his surroundings, and asked with a smile!

“Oh? I wonder what the Dragon King is up to. We will definitely tell you honestly!”

The elder of the Sky Mountain Sword sect was slightly puzzled and asked immediately!

“A month ago, a group of people from the ninth-grade heaven sect who were looking for death rushed over immediately after you left!”

“An elder of the ninth-grade heaven sect said that you were the one who told them that we were in this direction!”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and asked them!

“Is this matter true?”

His eyes flickered as he sized up the expressions of everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect!

When he finished speaking, he could clearly sense that some of the people’s expressions had changed slightly, and their pupils were slightly stunned!

Even the elder of the Tianshan Sword sect at the front was also stunned!

“Dragon King, we have no enmity with you. How could we possibly do such a thing? It must be that ninth-grade heaven sect who deliberately tried to sow discord between us!”

The elder of the Tianshan Sword sect immediately opened his mouth to explain!

“Is that so? However, I can sense another answer from your expressions!”

The corners of Wang Xian’s mouth curled up slightly as he looked at them with some ridicule!

His words caused the expressions of everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect to change once again!

The elder of the Sky Mountain Sword sect also felt his heart tighten. “Dragon King, we can guarantee with the Sky Mountain Sword sect that we didn’t do such a thing!”

“That’s right. The ninth-grade sky sect must have deliberately said such words to sow discord between the sky mountain sword sect and the Dragon Palace. If we have a conflict, the Dragon Palace will not only face them, but also the Sky Mountain Sword sect!”

“They are deliberately trying to push the sky mountain sword sect to their side and then unite with us to fight against your Dragon Palace. So this is just a scheme of the ninth-grade sky sect!”

A middle-aged man beside him also spoke up! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His words also conveyed the same meaning!

Don’t Push the Sky Mountain Sword sect to the opposite side of the Dragon Palace. This was because once their Sky Mountain Sword sect became the enemy of the Dragon Palace, they could join forces and destroy the Dragon Palace!

“Hehe, I already know the answer from all of you!”

Wang Xian smiled faintly. With a slight movement of his hand, the five elements millstone appeared in his hand!

In an instant, a terrifying aura instantly enveloped everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect!

“What!”

“Not good!”

Everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect sensed Wang Xian’s terrifying aura and their eyes revealed a look of horror!

“Dragon King, what are you doing?”

“We Are Disciples of the Sky Mountain Sword sect. If you attack us, Our Sky Mountain Sword sect will not let you off. When the time comes, Your Dragon Palace will not be able to withstand the combined attack of the ninth-grade sky sect!”

The elder of the Tianshan Sword sect also narrowed his eyes slightly and warned Wang Xian!

“If you want to harm our Dragon Palace, you will have to pay a heavy price!”

“Die!”!

Wang Xian did not hesitate at all. The five elements millstone instantly enveloped all of them!

“Dragon King, you are making an enemy out of our Tianshan Sword Sect!”

...

An expert of the Tianshan Sword sect roared angrily!

“Oh No, run!”

The elder of the Sky Mountain Sword sect immediately roared furiously!

“If you want to escape, can you all escape? Since you dare to Plot Against Me, Dragon King, all of you can go to hell!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were filled with ruthlessness as the five elemental laws that had been obliterated fell directly!

“It’s over!”

“No, no, no, Dragon King, stop. Otherwise, our Sky Mountain Sword sect will not let your Dragon Palace off!”

Everyone roared with fear on their faces!

Buzz

The five elements grinding came down and a terrifying energy covered the area!

Those who were weaker died instantly. Even the elders of the Sky Mountain Sword sect were severely injured instantly!

...

He wanted to escape, but they were too close to Wang Xian. There was no way for them to escape since they were a level lower than him!

“PFFT!”

“Dragon Palace, all of you will definitely be destroyed by our Sky Mountain Sword sect!”

The elder of Sky Mountain Sword sect roared in despair!

“Hehe!”

Wang Xian smiled contemptuously. With a wave of his arm, all the corpses were stored into his interspatial ring!

He swept his gaze across the surroundings, but no one saw him!

“A bunch of people who are seeking death. Since they dared to scheme, they must bear the consequences!”

Wang Xian mumbled. He didn’t care about killing the people from Sky Mountain Sword sect at all!

Anyway, no one knew that he was the one who killed them!

Even if they knew, so what? With the addition of Sky Mountain Sword sect, the Dragon Palace could still contend against them!

With a move, Wang Xian immediately flew out of the Abyss!

On the road to the entrance, he flew directly to the center of the star Southern Galaxy!

“The Dragon King is out!”

When Wang Xian disappeared, two middle-aged men were whispering on the land plate at the entrance of the Abyss, transmitting the news!

More than a month ago, the five major factions suffered heavy losses. Five level six immortal king powerhouses were directly injured while more than a hundred other powerhouses were injured. This made the five major factions even more furious!

Even a few patriarchs of the ninth-grade heaven sect wanted to kill them directly!

However, they didn’t take action despite their hesitation!

However, the battle between them had just begun!

“The harvest is not bad!”

After traveling for more than ten hours, Wang Xian arrived at the Dragon Palace with a smile on his face. He was in a great mood when he saw the harvest!

“Prime Minister Gui, use all these resources to increase your high-end combat strength. After that, step into the Abyss once again!”

Wang Xian called Prime Minister Gui over and took out all the resources!

With the addition of three immortal king level seven powerhouses, Wang Xian could bring them to the lair to give it a try!