Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2589 2589, on the eve of the Great War

“Damn it, what the hell is the Dragon Palace doing? Not long ago, they offended the ninth-grade sky sect, and now they’ve offended the Sky Mountain Sword sect!”

“The Dragon Palace is courting death. Do they think that they can withstand the attack of the ninth-grade sky sect and the Sky Mountain Sword sect? They’ve offended half of the forces in the entire southern star system!”

“I swear that I will never come to the Dragon Star again. This is a F * cking trap!”

When the people inside the Dragon Star heard the news, their faces turned black!

The Sky Mountain Sword sect had announced that they would destroy the Dragon Palace, so their main target was the Dragon Star!

The Dragon Star had withstood the attack of the ninth-grade celestial sect and was known as the commercial planet with the strongest defense. But now, it had offended the sky mountain sword sect!

Needless to say, the Sky Mountain Sword sect and the ninth-grade sky sect would definitely join forces!

They didn’t think that the Dragon Palace could withstand the combined attack of two top-tier forces just because it could withstand one top-tier force!

This made some people who bought houses on the dragon star and cultivated in the cultivation field look extremely embarrassed!

Just like their last choice, they immediately requested to return their god stones and leave the Dragon Star immediately!

Many people even swore that they would never come to Dragon Star again!

The Dragon Star Dragon Palace was courting death!

“All the heaven demons of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom have entered Dragon Star!”

Soon, the king of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom gave the order. The heaven demons of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom flew toward Dragon Star One by one! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Some of the heaven’s favorites flew to the nine planets around them!

When the outside world received the news, it was boiling again!

“It seems that the Dragon Palace and the chaotic tiger demon kingdom are really scared. The chaotic tiger demon kingdom has even given up some planets!”

“They are all gathered on the Dragon Star. Do they think that they can compete with the Sky Mountain Sword sect and the ninth-grade Heaven’s sect with the help of the Dragon Star?”

The southern star system on the artificial intelligence network was in an uproar, discussing the actions of the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!

They could tell that the dragon palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation were completely afraid this time!

The last time the ninth-grade heaven sect invaded, the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation came to welcome them directly. They even sent their disciples to destroy the commercial planets of the ninth-grade heaven sect!

But this time, the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation even gave up the planets and sent them all to the Dragon Star!

This meant that the dragon palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Nation were also afraid!

After all, the Heavenly Mountain Sword sect had also joined in this time!

“Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!”

Just as the entire southern star system was boiling, a gigantic battle sword whizzed over from the sky above a planet in the domain of the ninth-grade heavenly sect!

A gigantic sword that was hundreds of thousands of meters in size was emitting an extremely resplendent radiance!

This sword was called star piercing sword, its name was just like its name, this sword could easily pierce through the entire planet!

This sword was also the only sword sect in the Sky Mountain Sword sect, a divine sword that had once spent a huge price to create!

“Everyone from the Sky Mountain Sword sect, come in!”

Star piercing sword floated above the planet, a voice resounded!

Over 200 undying godly monarch warriors stood on star piercing sword, every one of them giving off a fierce aura!

“Sou Sou Sou!”

One figure after another moved and instantly flew into the palace below!

There were already over 1,000 people standing in the palace below. With a glance, they were all undying godly monarchs!

“Welcome to the Sky Mountain Sword sect, with the Sky Mountain Sword sect joining us, we can easily destroy the Dragon Palace!”

The ninth grade Sky sect leader looked at sword Emperor and the others and said with a smile!

“How do you plan to Act?”

Sword King walked forward and sat in the center of the room as he said coldly!

“The two of US plus the four of them can easily send out 2,000 undying godly monarchs. With my method, we will gather our strength and send out all the pinnacle experts!”

“The Four Level 7 undying godly monarchs of our ninth-grade sky sect and all the level 7 undying godly monarchs of your Sky Mountain Sword sect will directly charge into the Dragon Star and destroy the array formation and the stars, leaving no one alive!”

The sect Master of the ninth grade Sky sect said coldly!

“That’s right, with our strength, I really don’t believe that any array formation can stop us!”

“Kill, destroy the Dragon Star, destroy their nest, destroy all of them!”

The Immortal Kings beside roared with killing intent!

“Too simple!”

Sword King heard the sect Master of the ninth grade sky sect’s opinion and said with a twinkle in his eyes!

“Oh?”

The sect master of the ninth-grade heaven sect raised his eyebrows slightly!

“Killing two elders of My Sky Mountain Sword sect and nearly a hundred immortal godly kings is too easy. I want to destroy them bit by bit and let them die in fear!”

Sword King’s eyes flashed with a thick bloodlust as he said coldly!

Some experts felt a chill in their hearts when they heard sword King’s words!

Blood Red Sword Emperor was what people called the Sky Mountain Sword Sect’s sword emperor!

...

Over 100,000 years ago, there was a power that offended the sky mountain sword sect. Blood Red Sword Emperor single-handedly destroyed over 10 planets, and they were all human planets!

There were trillions of lives on them and none of them survived!

Following which, he heavily injured an undying level 7 warrior, his strength was monstrous, and he was definitely one of the top existences amongst the Undying Level 7 warriors!

That single move made the Sky Mountain Sword Sect’s sword Emperor become the Blood Red Sword Emperor, no one dared to mess with him!

Over 100,000 years had passed, and the Blood Red Sword Emperor was still as bloodthirsty and brutal as ever!

“Hahaha, Lord Sword Emperor is right, destroy them bit by bit, let them die in fear!”

“Simply destroy them, then they’ll be too happy, we’ll destroy them bit by bit, hahaha!”

The sect master of the three seas sect roared loudly with a ferocious look on his face when he heard the sword King’s words!

“Sword King, what are you going to do?”

The sect master of the ninth-grade sky sect raised his eyebrows and asked!

“Aren’t most of the members of the Dragon Palace and the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom gathered on the Dragon Star? First, destroy all their planets, and then destroy all their properties and branches in other places, leaving none behind!”

...

The Sword King opened his mouth and said with killing intent!

“Hahaha, good, good. I have all the information on the Dragon Palace. Many of their territories are in the ocean, in a remote place in the southern star system. Destroy them all!”

The sect master of the three seas sect immediately roared ferociously!

“The demon Slayer sect also knows all the territories and planets of the chaotic Tiger Demon Kingdom!”

The members of the demon Slayer sect also revealed bloodthirsty expressions!

At this moment, they were extremely excited!

Their demon Slayer sect had been attacked by the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom and had become a stray dog!

Furthermore, they now knew that when the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom attacked them, the strange array formation was provided by the Dragon Palace!

This time, not only did the dragon palace have to pay the price of destruction, but the Tiger Riot Demon Kingdom also had to pay the price!

“Good!”

The Sword King’s eyes flickered with crazy killing intent as he shouted coldly!