Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2654 2654 swept out with his sword

“What kind of father is he? !”

When di Xingnu finished her sentence, Di Haosong’s face immediately darkened.

He was the emperor from 40,000 years ago, and he had a body full of glory. Which of his children did not fear and respect him?

Now, Di Xingnu actually completely ignored him.

“Your wings have hardened, child.”

Di Haosong’s expression turned cold as he stared at Di Xingnu and said.

“Yes, your wings have hardened.”

Di Xingnu stared at him without the slightest bit of fear as she said indifferently.

“Xingnu, why are you talking to your father?”

The woman at the side hurriedly said to Di Xingnu with an embarrassed expression.

“He doesn’t deserve to be a husband and a father.”

Di Xingnu looked at her mother somewhat unyieldingly as she said stubbornly.

“Hehe, good, good. meijuan, you are such a good daughter!”

Di Haosong’s face turned gloomy instantly. He stared at the woman coldly.

“Don’t look at my mother like that. Do you think you are fit to be a husband? HOW DARE YOU CRITICIZE OTHERS!”

Di Xingnu stared at him with disdain and said directly.

“You need to be taught a lesson.”

Di Haosong’s face turned cold. He slapped di Xingnu’s face directly!

“Cough, cough!”

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and held di Haosong’s palm with ease. He coughed and didn’t say a word!

“Stop.”

Di haosong sensed Wang Xian’s palm and his expression changed. Following that, he stared at Wang Xian with a gloomy expression and growled in a low voice. A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

“You should be the one who stopped.”

Wang Xian said faintly and let go of Di Haosong’s palm. He stared at Di haosong indifferently.

“Haha, good, Good, good. I see that your wings have really hardened. You even dare to resist my words!”

Di haosong smiled and stared at Di Xingnu and her mother with a cold expression.

“Husband, I...”

“Mom, we don’t need to be bullied by him. We have been living like this for the past few years. Hehe, now that I have become the empress, why should I be afraid of Him?”

The Empress said coldly.

Once she became the empress, she would be valued by the imperial court.

Although her status was not as high as her father’s, her father couldn’t do anything to her.

After all, her talent was not inferior to her father’s.

Before her father became a peak-level rank 8 or rank 9 fighter, the imperial court would treat everyone equally.

The Empress’mother was a little silent and sighed helplessly.

“As your father, even if you become the celestial maiden, I can still educate you. You are a traitor!”

When di Haosong heard the Celestial Maiden’s words, he was completely enraged. He raised his arm again and wanted to hit her!

“Sigh, don’t embarrass yourself.”

Wang Xian looked over and said faintly. He grabbed his arm easily again and reminded him.

“Get lost. This is our family matter. If you don’t want to die, let go of me.”

Di haosong’s expression changed again. He stared at Wang Xian without concealing his killing intent.

“Don’t embarrass yourself.”

Bei Shuang, who was beside him, heard his words and placed her palm on di Haosong’s shoulder.

Di haosong wanted to dodge, but he realized that he couldn’t react in time.

Her palm landed on his body and frost covered half of his arm.

Wang Xian and bei Shuang could tell that the daughter of Emperor Star didn’t have a good impression of her father. There was even a hint of hatred.

As for the mother of the daughter of Emperor Star, she also didn’t have any feelings for her husband.

After being given to Di Haosong by her family, she naturally didn’t have any feelings. On top of that, she had been neglected for tens of thousands of years.

How could she have a good impression of him.

It was more of helplessness and unwillingness.

“You guys are courting death. How dare you create trouble in our imperial court.”

Di haosong’s expression changed. He stared at Wang Xian and bei Shuang without concealing his killing intent.

“The matter of the Empress Star is the matter of our Dragon Palace. Therefore, I’m sorry if you are looking for trouble!”

Wang Xian pushed him gently with his palm. Di haosong’s entire body trembled and he retreated backward.

...

In an instant, his face was filled with anger.

“Huh?”

In the center of the arena, the princes and princesses who were watching the battle were slightly shocked when they noticed the situation here.

“Big Brother!”

Di haosong’s expression changed. He immediately rushed out and supported di Haosong’s body.

“What’s Going On?”

The old protector looked at Di haosong. His gaze swept over Wang Xian, Emperor Xingnu, and the rest as he asked indifferently.

“Protector, it’s... It’s fine.”

Di Haosong’s expression kept changing. He took a deep breath and spoke with a dark expression.

He would not reveal his dirty laundry!

What could he say about this matter?

...

Was he being bullied by the forces his daughter relied on?

Where was his face then?

He stood among the group of Emperor’s daughters with a dark expression. His expression kept changing. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Lord Protector, that girl’s strength is not bad. She is the strongest among the group of disciples. The forces she relied on are also very strong. If nothing goes wrong, the emperor’s daughter is hers.”

In the middle, an old woman glanced at the empress and transmitted her voice to the old protector.

“Yes, if nothing goes wrong, her strength is the strongest. She is also the strongest disciple in the last dozen generations.”

The old protector nodded slightly.

“Mom, we don’t need to pay attention to him. When your daughter becomes the empress, we don’t have to be afraid of him at all. Moreover, there is still the good Wang Xian and sister bei Shuang helping me.”

On Wang Xian’s side, the Empress Star Lady comforted her mother who had a worried look on her face and said with a smile.

“After all, he’s your father.”

The woman sighed and said.

“HMPH!”

The Empress Star Lady snorted softly. After that, she turned around and thanked Wang Xian softly.

He smiled and nodded his head.

At the front, 90 disciples were sparring one by one. It took them more than ten hours to rank them.

“11 to 20 disciples come out. The other 10 disciples also enter the arena.”

More than 10 hours was very short for the experts.

The voice of the old protector continued to ring.

“Yes!”

The disciples came to the arena with excitement in their eyes. They looked at each other and their faces were full of fighting spirit.

“Twenty disciples, six women. The woman will first choose an empress, and then the ranking will be carried out!”

The Old Protector said the rules!

Every emperor and Empress would have one each, but sometimes there would be a situation where the Empress’strength might not be as strong as the men’s second or third place.

This would not affect the title of the empress, but it would have an impact on the final distribution of resources.

“All male disciples stand aside and watch. The female disciples believe that the six of them are free to challenge!”

The old protector continued.

“It’s the Protector!”

The male disciples immediately stood to the side!

“Who do you think will become the Empress?”

“The strength of the Empress is not to be underestimated. She can definitely be ranked in the top three in our generation. There’s a dark horse among the women. I don’t know how strong she is!”

“Don’t forget about di Xingnu. She’s not weak either!”

Fourteen young men walked to the side. A few of them guessed.

“Di Xingnu, huh? What right does an actress have to be called Di Xingnu?”

Di Qingshan said with an ugly expression.

The young men heard her words and smiled faintly.