Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2657 Empress 26

“Hiss, hiss, hiss!”

A hair-raising sound rang out in the square of the competition between the current generation of disciples of the imperial court.

It had a body of over ten thousand meters, a gray figure, a triangular head, and a pair of dark and cold eyes.

When the towering snake appeared under the empress, a cold and terrifying aura instantly swept out in all directions.

“Roar! Roar!”

“Crack! Crack!”

At this moment, di hunge, Di Qingshan, and the others’battle pets immediately fell to the ground. Their bodies trembled slightly, and they couldn’t help but let out low roars.

Even the two dark golden skeletons trembled as they bent their bodies, completely losing their fighting strength.

“This... this...”

At this moment, everyone was stunned. Even the previous emperors and daughters widened their eyes as they stared blankly at this scene, their faces filled with shock.

“Hiss, hiss, hiss!”

At this moment, the towering snake fully revealed its body. It was over 10,000 meters tall, and it coldly glanced at the ants-like heaven’s favorites below.

It stuck out its tongue.

“Boom!”

A terrifying pressure instantly spread out in all directions.

Di Suyi, Di Hun Ge, Di Ming, Di Qingshan, and Di Jiu’s faces were filled with shock. Their bodies couldn’t help but bend down, almost prostrating themselves on the ground.

At this moment, their faces were filled with shock and disbelief!

“How is this possible... how is this possible...”

The heaven’s favored children were in disbelief. Their trump cards were already powerful enough in their eyes, enough to defy the heavens.

They had paid a huge price to obtain each one of them.

Just like the peak god Lord Level Battle Pets, these battle pets were the desolate beast battle pets that they had purchased in the growth stage, and they were nurtured to adulthood.

During this period of time, they needed a large amount of time to develop a relationship with the battle pet. They also needed a large amount of time from a Beast Tamer Master to help them tame it.

This was because the battle pet’s strength was stronger than the owner’s strength.

A battle pet’s strength was stronger than the owner’s, which was very dangerous for the owner.

Especially when they were in danger during battle, the battle pet might run away or even kill the owner.

Its strength was weaker than their own war pet, if they couldn’t control it, who would dare to treat it as their own mount?

They had paid a huge price to get these god Lord Pinnacle War Pets.

However, what level was this Emperor Star Lady’s War Pet?

Just the terrifying power it displayed wasn’t something they could fight against. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even in front of this war pet, they didn’t dare to look at it.

This terrifying pressure, they had only felt it from undying level 4 or 5, even level 6 or 7 warriors.

“Is she crazy? Such a powerful battle pet, how can she control it?”

Di Su pretended to be in disbelief as he raised his head and roared softly.

“Si, this... What kind of battle pet is this? It actually has the power of an undying level 5?”

“How is this possible, a pinnacle god Lord Brat like her actually has an undying level 5 battle pet!”

Not only did the emperor disciples not dare to believe it, even the surrounding spectators, as well as the emperor’s daughters were all shocked.

An undying level 5 battle pet, such a powerful battle pet, many of them didn’t even have one.

“This is the Space Beast, space beast towering snake.”

At the strongest position, the old Protector’s eyes gleamed, roaring softly.

“What? Space Beast, protector, how can this be!”

“Space Beast Warpet, this... our entire emperor star field doesn’t even have more than three, how can she have one.”

The moment the old Protector finished speaking, a few undying emperor level 8 and 9 emperors around him stared wide eyed as they asked.

War pets were also divided into levels, without a doubt, the strongest war pet was the space beast.

There were only three space beast war pets in the entire Emperor Star Field, one of them was a protector’s ride.

That Space Beast had the strength of a pinnacle undying emperor, it was powerful and even invincible.

The other two space beast battle pets were also famous and had terrifying strength.

However, a pinnacle god Lord Lady actually had an undying level 5 Space Beast Battle Pet?

Crazy!

Rumble

The Old Protector’s eyes gleamed as he stared at the towering snake, not replying to the surrounding emperors.

He moved and instantly appeared in front of the Emperor Star daughter.

In the sky, the Emperor Star daughter, who was standing on top of the towering snake, was slightly shocked.

“Protector.”

...

She respectfully called out.

“This towering snake lives in your divine kingdom?”

The old protector asked directly.

“Yes, Protector. Its nest is also in my divine kingdom.”

Emperor star lady nodded.

“Drive it and let me take a look.”

The Old Protector said with a twinkle in his eyes.

“Yes, Protector!”

Emperor star lady understood that the protector wanted to test her.

This was also to prevent her from cheating, so she got a war pet at the last minute to suppress the other youths of the same generation.

“Little snake, crouch down!”

...

She gently stepped on the head of the Chu Chu snake.

“Hiss! Hiss!”

The Chu snake did not hesitate at all and directly crouched down!

Its 10,000-meter-long body directly crouched down in the square, giving people an intense shock.

“Little snake, Attack!”

Empress Star Lady raised her head and looked at the protector. A smile appeared on her face as she immediately ordered.

“Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!”

The Chu snake instantly stuck out its tongue and a powerful aura surged out from its body.

A wave of energy wrapped around Imperial Star Lady, and in the next moment, the Chu snake directly attacked the old guardian!

“Boom, Boom, Boom!”

When the old guardian saw this scene, his eyes shone, and an invincible aura directly pressed down on the Chu snake.

“Hiss, hiss, hiss!”

The Chu snake, who was preparing to attack, revealed a terrified expression, and it swallowed its snake head and stared at the old guardian with some fear.

His body was trembling, but he didn’t run away. Instead, he circled around the old protector as if he was waiting for an opportunity.

“Good, good, good! Haha, Good, Good!”

Seeing Chu Chu snake’s reaction, the old protector couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

“Very good. You’re the Emperor Star’s daughter, right? Very good. Such a space beast is completely loyal to its master. Very good.”

He looked at the Emperor Star’s daughter cheerfully and didn’t hesitate to praise her.

In the Emperor Star Field, there were only a few people who could earn the praise of this emperor.

“With the strength of a pinnacle eternal God Lord, you are able to control an immortal King Level Five Space Beast. It’s really hard to imagine what kind of opportunity you have obtained.”

The old protector exclaimed.

“Protector, this is Wang Xian... Yes, it’s Dragon King who helped me capture and tame him!”

Celestial Emperor Lady bowed respectfully to the protector. She took a glance at where Wang Xian was and said with a smile on her face.

“Oh? Dragon King, it seems that Dragon King is a rare Beast Tamer Grandmaster!”

The old protector revealed a look of surprise in his eyes. He followed Empress Star’s gaze and looked at Wang Xian as he said with slight astonishment.

When Wang Xian saw the gaze of the protector of the imperial court, he cupped his hands at him.

“Thank you, Dragon King, for helping our imperial court groom such an Empress!”

The old protector also cupped his hands at Wang Xian.