2660 The Battle of 2660 erupted

“Immortal slaying Calabash!”

Wang Xian came to the front of the dragon throne and looked at the calabash on the ancestral tree that was entangled by the branches of the eternal wood and the Nirvana Lightning Tree. His eyes were sparkling.

With a wave of his arm, the immortal slaying calabash came to him directly.

The two fist-sized immortal slaying calabashes looked very small. Three sword auras surrounded them.

“This treasure is somewhat similar to the god-slaying twigs that I obtained back then. It’s a special weapon. However, it’s obvious that the level of this immortal-slaying calabash is much higher than the god-slaying twigs.”

Wang Xian mumbled as he grabbed the immortal-slaying calabash with his palm.

The entire Calabash was detached from the ancestral tree. He looked at the uncapped calabash and covered it.

The instant before the lid was closed, three streams of sword Qi immediately entered the immortal-slaying gourd.

Wang Xian sensed it slightly. He realized that as long as he willed it to open the immortal-slaying gourd, the three streams of sword Qi would be able to unleash a terrifying attack.

This attack was comparable to an attack from a peak-stage immortal King realm expert.

After the three streams of Sword Qi were released, the immortal-slaying gourd lost its function and continued to accumulate.

“With the current rate of accumulation, I can accumulate three sword Qi in a month. This immortal-slaying gourd seems to have intelligence, but for some reason, the soul inside has quieted down and is now recovering.”

“I wonder what kind of power the immortal-slaying gourd will have after it recovers.”

He murmured and placed the immortal-slaying gourd on the ancestral tree.

On the ancestral tree, he could summon it at any time, it was a powerful treasure.

At that time, even the elders of the imperial court wanted to bid for it.

In the next 10 days, the demon island was calm and peaceful, there was no war.

However, in the center of the Northern line, the members of the great sect stood solemnly in front of the abyss.

Another undying level 9 abyssal seed had appeared.

From the first two, there were now four.

The pressure on the northern front was getting greater and greater.

The other powers also received the news, all of them looking solemn.

It had been almost two months since the start of the war on the northern front.

Two months of battles had resulted in countless abyssal seeds being killed.

Similarly, the humans on the northern side had suffered heavy losses.

Rumble Rumble Rumble

And in these 10 days, Tian Cheng and the rest had finally completed their breakthrough.

A vast energy filled the entire dragon palace, the powerful members lined up in a row.

The Dragon Palace currently had over 400,000 members, of which close to 30,000 were undying emperors.

At the forefront, other than the sky array, Ao Yao, Mu Zesen, Ao Xingmu, and Ao fenghuang also possessed the combat strength of an immortal King Level 9!

As for the members with level 8 combat strength, there were a total of 11 of them. There were more level 7 members, more than 70 of them.

“Such strength is sufficient to deal with everything that comes next.”

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. He was very satisfied with the current strength of the Dragon Palace!

“Sky Array, bring your men and continue to improve the strength of Dragon Peak. The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace can just wait here for the Order!”

Wang Xian ordered.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

The group of disciples of the Dragon Palace replied immediately.

There was a divine tree at the peak of the godly king level in Dragon Peak. Therefore, according to sky array, the limit of Dragon Peak as a war machine was the peak of the immortal godly king level!

This was sufficient for the Dragon Palace.

“Dragon King, the invitation was sent last month. It said that we would invite the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace to the invited Moon Planet to discuss some matters.”

When the members of the Dragon Palace dispersed, Prime Minister Gui came over to report.

“Invite the Dragon Palace to discuss some matters?”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

“Yes, there were four level 9 immortal godly king abyss seeds gathered in the vicinity last month. I also felt some pressure last month. This discussion should be about the upcoming war.”

Prime Minister Gui said.

“Let’s go and take a look!”

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and nodded.

He also wanted to know what the next plan of the northern front was.

Returning to the Demon Island, the Heaven Array led the fire hammer clan to upgrade Dragon Mountain.

After the heaven array and the fire hammer clan had upgraded, it wouldn’t be long before Dragon Mountain could kill the Level 9 undying godly monarch abyss species. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Xian brought Prime Minister Gui and flew straight to the inviting Moon Planet.

“Dragon King, please come in!”

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the inviting Moon Planet, the two immortal king powerhouses from last month came up to them and gestured.

...

“Okay.”

Wang Xian nodded and flew towards a palace below.

“The Dragon King Is Here!”

“Dragon King!”

“Master!”

When Wang Xian entered a palace, there were already a few hundred people inside.

The Dragon Python group, the Northern River sect, the ancient God dynasty, as well as the great sect from last month. There were also some experts from other small forces.

When the experts from the other forces saw Wang Xian, they immediately greeted him warmly.

Bei Shuang also walked over directly.

“Okay!”

Wang Xian nodded his head at the group.

...

“Dragon King, take a seat!”

In the middle of the table, more than a dozen people were sitting there. They were all leaders of various forces.

The leader of the group looked at Wang Xian and gestured at him.

“Okay.”

Wang Xian nodded and sat down. Prime Minister Gui and bei Shuang stood on both sides.

“Since the Dragon King has arrived, let’s talk about the current situation and situation of the Demon Island.”

The leader of last month’s great sect glanced around and said with a slightly solemn expression.

As soon as he finished his words, the people around him also looked solemn.

“We can’t be so scattered in the next battle line. Everyone knows the current situation. We’ve gathered everyone here to discuss the next war.”

“We had an idea last month. Gather all the forces and fight together.”

Last month, the leader of the great sect said directly.

The experts of the other forces looked pensive.

“Last month, sect leader, we agree with your idea, but we hope that all the armies of the major forces can join together to deploy and fight together!”

After a moment of silence, the Beichuan sect leader said.

He gathered all the legions together and then spread them out. This was to prevent the sect leader from giving up a certain area last month, or ordering the disciples of other forces to guard their own area with their lives.

“Of course. Since we have joined forces, then we are a whole. The Northern line is a whole, advancing and retreating together.”

“Even if we have to sacrifice a certain place, all the forces will bear the losses.”

The sect master of last month nodded.

“That’s fine. We also want to protect our homeland.”

The Beichuan sect master nodded and looked at the other forces.

“Agreed!”

“Agreed!”

The ancient God dynasty of the Dragon Python group also nodded.

The sect master of last month nodded with a smile. Suddenly, his gaze landed on Wang Xian.

“Dragon King, can you also send the strength of Dragon Peak Here?”