Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2662 The 2662 Dragon Palace was the father

“All soldiers on the northern front, Get Ready!”

The next morning, a roar filled with fighting spirit resounded through the skies above the northern front.

In front of the thousands of planets on the northern front, countless warriors and disciples stood in a row.

Of the Four Powers, one was a large sect level while the rest were tens to hundreds.

One could say that there were 100,000 undying emperor level warriors on the northern front.

As for the Abyss seeds in the abyss, they were no weaker than the humans.

There were even four immortal King Level 9 abyss seeds, which were comparable to last month.

Every day, there were millions and millions of abyss seeds coming here. Hence, today, the northern front forces decided to attack.

“Kill!”

The next moment, a deafening roar was heard, and a powerful aura filled the entire space.

“Let’s Go!”

At the edge of the Northern line, Wang Xian stood on the commanding platform of Dragon Peak and stared at the area in front of him.

This was a huge battle, a truly devastating race war.

Human lives were as worthless as grass!

“Dragon King, according to the news from Lady bei Shuang, there are four level 9 undying god King Abyss seeds in front of Yao Yue Planet. There are 18 level 8 abyss seeds.”

“Yao Yue planet is the main battlefield. In addition, a total of 20 level 8 abyss seeds have appeared at Bei Chuan Sect.”

Tian Chen stood at the side and reported to Wang Xian. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The news that bei Shuang had sent over was also sent over by the great sect on purpose last month.

If the Dragon Palace made a move, it would be beneficial to the entire northern front.

“20 immortal King Level 8 abyss seeds? Then let’s push them over.”

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he said directly.

The ones closest to them were the Beichuan sect and the other small factions.

The central location was the great sect from last month. The great sect from last month was even further away from the Dragon Python group and the Ancient God dynasty.

With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, they could easily push them over.

“Dragon King, just by relying on the strength of our Dragon Palace, we might be able to get rid of the hidden dangers in the northern Abyss.”

Sky Array said with a smile.

“That’s possible.”

Wang Xian had a confident expression on his face.

Including him, there were a total of six undying level 9 fighters in the Dragon Palace.

Most importantly, the Dragon Peak created by sky array could use the power of the array to kill three undying level 9 fighters.

With the help of the Dragon Peak, it would be easy to fight against five or six undying level 9 fighters.

In other words, the Dragon Palace could fight against ten or so level 9 undying God kings!

With this power, as long as the Dragon Palace had enough time, it was enough to destroy all the abyss species in the northern side of the abyss.

Rumble

Dragon Mountain activated and entered the Abyss ahead.

About 1,000 km ahead of them, war had already broken out.

Even though they were at the edge, there were still over 10 undying God emperor level abyss species fighting with over 1 million normal abyss species against the Northern Army.

In an instant, over a few thousand corpses appeared.

“All Heavenly Eye Arrow members prepare.”

“All Starwood Dragon species prepare to collect the abyss species corpses.”

Mou Ze Sen and Ao Xing Mu’s voice rang out. On the arrow platform, the heavenly eye arrow members stood there, staring ahead.

“HM? The Dragon Palace’s Dragon Mountain is here, are they going to help us?”

The huge Dragon Mountain took a quick form in the abyss, instantly attracting the attention of the army that was fighting against the abyss.

Over a dozen undying God kings looked over, slightly stunned.

“Everyone from the Dragon Palace, we don’t need any help here. Everyone can enter the central region to fight against the stronger abyss species.”

An expert from last month’s great sect frowned slightly and immediately opened his mouth to shout.

He had heard from some experts from last month’s great sect that the Dragon Palace was willing to kill the abyssal seed because they wanted to obtain the corpse of the abyssal seed.

Originally, they wanted to pull the dragon palace in this time, but the Dragon King didn’t agree.

The Dragon King frankly said that everything was for the abyssal seed. If they encountered danger, they would immediately escape.

This also caused some of the powerhouses from last month to feel a little dissatisfied.

They were unwilling to take risks and still wanted to obtain the abyssal seed crystal. Although it was to help them, there were still people who were unhappy.

The situation here was not dangerous. They could deal with it on their own.

The Dragon Palace could enter more places in the Abyss to plant more abyssal seeds. Killing a few abyssal seeds on their side in order to obtain the corpses of the abyssal seeds was a little too much.

...

“Shoot!”

On the archery platform, Mou Zesen completely ignored the other party’s words.

What a joke. Did the Dragon Palace need to explain to them what they were doing?

As long as the Dragon Palace made a move, the northern front should be grateful.

“Yes!”

The group of Abyss seeds had long entered the attack range of the members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division!

In the next moment, millions of arrows directly locked onto one abyss seed after another.

“HM?”

“So many arrows, the Dragon Palace is attacking!”

As the sounds of arrows rang out, everyone on the battlefield looked over in shock.

Arrows streaked across the void of the Abyss!

...

“Pu Pu Pu!”

In the next second, everyone in front was stunned.

The humans and their opponents that were fighting against the abyss seeds were instantly pierced by the arrows.

Even the 10 over undying emperor level abyss seeds were instantly killed.

In the next moment, the roars of the abyss seeds in the sky completely disappeared.

Everyone guarding here was stunned.

“Sou Sou Sou.”

In the next second, Long Feng had already arrived at their side, thorns extended out and collected the corpses.

A million abyss seeds instantly vanished.

While they were in a daze, Dragon Peak also pulled away from them by tens of millions of kilometers.

“Gulp, I always knew that the dragon palace was very strong, but isn’t this too fierce? It instantly killed a million abyssal seeds!”

“Hiss, is this the strength of the Dragon Palace? No wonder the Dragon Python group gave the Dragon Palace ten percent of the shares.”

“Too strong, damn, too fierce. Maybe the Dragon Palace just passed by our side and killed a million abyssal seeds.”

The disciple guarding this side stared wide eyed and couldn’t help but roar.

“This... Let’s go, our abyss seed has been killed, we’ll go help elsewhere.”

Over 10 undying emperors opened their mouths and said.

The one second just now had shocked them too much.

The Dragon Palace Archer shot out arrows that instantly killed all the abyss seeds.

This archer was too terrifying.

“Let’s go, to the side.”

Under the orders of more than ten immortal king level powerhouses, the group immediately flew towards the front.

“There are also millions of abyssal seeds ahead.”

Wang Xian and the rest were not surprised at all that they could kill tens of millions of abyssal seeds in an instant.

After all, the abyssal seeds at the edge were slightly weaker.

Most importantly, there were more than 35,000 members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division and more than 10,000 god King level existences.

It was too easy to kill millions of abyssal seeds in an instant.

“Continue, kill them in an instant!”

Wang Xian said calmly.

This time, when they were 50 million kilometers away from a planet, arrows tore through the starry sky of the Abyss.