2664 2664 Dragon Palace was Father

“What’s that sound?”

“These roars are in response to the 4 undying level 9 beings!”

“Not good, I have a bad feeling about this!”

In front of Yao Yue Planet, in the Abyss battlefield, there was a warrior who heard the responses, his expression changed slightly as he looked into the depths solemnly.

“Kill!”

“Don’t be distracted. We will defend against any immortal king level 9 combat strength.”

Last month’s chief shouted with a cold expression.

“Yes, Chief!”

The experts and disciples replied immediately as they fought against the abyss seed in front of them!

“HM?”

At the same time, when Long Feng was about to approach Bei Chuan sect’s territory, Wang Xian and Tian Chen, who were standing on the command platform, raised their eyebrows slightly as they looked into the depths of the abyss.

Buzz

Tian Zhen moved his palm and a screen filled with red dots appeared in front of him.

Unlike the previous screen, the current screen looked much bigger.

“This is?”

Wang Xian looked over and his eyes sparkled.

He could see that at the edge of the screen, a large number of red dots were flying in their direction.

“Dragon King, a large number of abyss seeds are rushing over. The four blood-red light dots in front are all level nine abyss seeds of the Immortal King.”

Heaven’s formation reported to Wang Xian.

“What about the rest?”

Wang Xian looked at the densely packed black dots and asked with a twinkle in his eyes.

“There are more than 100 at level eight and 600 at level seven!”

Heaven’s formation’s eyes were twinkling. “In three minutes, this army of Abyss seeds will enter the battlefield.”

“Three minutes? Looks like the northern front is going to be in trouble.”

Wang Xian mumbled.

“However, these abyss seeds can’t affect us. Instead, they can give us a huge upgrade.”

Very soon, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

“The area in front is the Beichuan sect planet. We are approaching the Central Region.”

“When we reach here, there will be an immortal king level eight abyss seed!”

Tian Cheng stared ahead and said to Wang Xian.

“Kill it quickly!”

Wang Xian stared at the abyssal seed and said coldly.

“Yes!”

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately replied.

“The Dragon Palace’s Dragon Peak is here. The abyssal seed on our side is about to be destroyed.”

“Hahaha, the Dragon King is here with his men. All Immortal King powerhouses, assist the Dragon Palace in killing the abyssal seed.”

When the huge Dragon Mountain flew over, the Warriors from the forces in front of the Bei Chuan Sect’s domain saw it, their faces filled with excitement.

Especially the Dragon Python Group, Bei Chuan sect and the ancient God dynasty, they were filled with gratitude towards the Dragon Palace.

Just now, they had received news that the Dragon Palace was sweeping over at a terrifying speed.

However, what they didn’t expect was that in just half an hour, the Dragon Palace had charged over.

“Dragon King, everyone from the Dragon Palace, let’s destroy that Level 8 undying god King Abyss Seed.”

A Beichuan sect elder’s eyes lit up and he immediately shouted at Wang Xian and the rest.

At the same time, his gaze was locked onto an level 8 undying god King Abyss seed in front of him. He was filled with fighting spirit.

Sou

However, at this moment, the sound of an arrow attacking could be heard. The speed of the arrow shocked him slightly.

“Pu!”

In the next moment, he was stunned, staring blankly at the undying level 8 abyssal seed he had locked onto.

That arrow pierced right through the head of the level 8 abyssal seed.

The huge abyssal seed floated in mid air, its body slowly falling to the side.

“This... this...”

His eyes were wide open, filled with shock.

An arrow killing an undying level 8 abyss seed, this was definitely not something a warrior of the same level could do.

“The Dragon Palace has an undying level 9 warrior?”

...

He opened his mouth slightly.

“Sou Sou Sou!”

At this time, the rain of arrows headed their way.

“What terrifying power.”

The Beichuan clan ancestor felt the power of the rain of arrows, his eyes filled with shock.

If these arrows locked onto him, he wouldn’t be able to survive.

“Pu Pu Pu!”

Countless arrows pierced through the abyss seeds, over 100,000 of them fell.

This was simply a terrifying massacre.

“Hiss, look, that undying level 8 abyss seed was instantly killed by the Dragon Palace.”

“What a terrifying rain of arrows, we have over 200 undying level abyss seeds here.”

... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At this time, the warriors behind also sensed the situation and roared in shock.

“Just how many powerful archers did the dragon palace send this time?”

“The Dragon Palace sent an undying level 9 warrior?”

Some questions appeared in their minds.

“Sou Sou Sou!”

At this time, Dragon Mountain arrived, many thorns wrapped around the corpses of the abyss seeds.

Naturally, the rest of the people had no objections to the Dragon Palace’s actions.

“Thank you, Dragon Palace, for your help!”

The level eight patriarch of the Bei Chuan sect cupped his hands and expressed his gratitude.

“You’re welcome. All of you, get ready. There’s a group of powerful abyssal species rushing over from the depths of the Abyss.”

Wang Xian stood on the command platform. He glanced at the red dot on the array in front of him and reminded them.

“Eh? There are a large number of abyssal seeds rushing over from the Abyss?”

The experts from the various factions did not doubt Wang Xian’s words at all. Their faces revealed a grave expression.

“Continue driving. Let’s get closer to the center.”

Wang Xian did not stay here. Only by getting closer to the center would he be able to kill more abyssal seeds.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Dragon Peak drove quickly and soon arrived at another battlefield.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

However, at this moment, an incomparably violent roar came from the depths of the abyss.

“We’re almost there!”

Wang Xian looked over. With his eyesight, he could already see an incomparably terrifying army flying over.

The army stretched for tens of billions of kilometers and was densely packed with countless abyssal seeds. They emitted a ferocious and bloody aura.

It could be said that the number of abyssal seeds that rushed over was about the same as the number of abyssal seeds that were fighting with humans.

The number of abyssal seeds immediately doubled.

“Not good, there are more abyssal seeds flying over from the abyss. There are so many of them!”

“Hiss, what’s going on? Why are there so many abyssal seeds suddenly appearing again!”

“Oh no!”

In front of the battlefields, all the humans from the various factions saw this scene and their faces instantly turned pale.

“All supporting armies, prepare to support!”

“All Disciples, don’t be afraid. Kill, kill these beasts!”

“Immortal king level 9 abyss species, we will defend!”

From the center, the leader and the rest roared.

The supporting armies from the northern front factions immediately moved.

“Take care of the Abyss species at the front first. Mou Ze Sen, lure a few immortal king level 9 abyss species over.”

Wang Xian looked into the depths of the Abyss and ordered immediately!

“Yes!”

“Kill!”

All the members of the Dragon Palace licked their lips and stared at the depths of the Abyss with fighting spirit.