Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2667 2667 Dragon Palace was the father

“All experts and disciples retreat, we’ll go support the rest.”

The Type 8 warrior from the Dragon Python group was shocked as he looked at the battle ahead, muttering to himself.

The strength of the Dragon Palace had exceeded his expectations, even an undying level 9 abyss species could fight against it, the dragon palace might not be weaker than last month.

They were at the back, they had nothing else to do.

The sudden change in the battle caused countless abyss species to fly over from the depths of the abyss. Luckily there were the dragon palace warriors here, but what about the other places?

The pressure from the other places would probably double.

“Yes!”

The group of disciples looked ahead and immediately flew back.

“Sir, right now in the Central Region, ancient God dynasty region, Dragon Python group region, all are requesting reinforcements!”

The group had just flown out of the Abyss, and the middle aged man who was connected immediately said with an ugly expression.

“Is that so?”

The group of warriors had ugly expressions.

“Let’s go to the nearest region, let’s go and kill them.”

The Type 8 warrior from the Dragon Python group roared solemnly.

The group immediately teleported to the side of the battlefield.

“Pu!”

At this time, within the Undying Level 9 battlefield, Ao Yao’s claws pierced through the heavily injured level 9, instantly killing it.

“There’s only one left, it’s simple now.”

After killing one, ao Yao said easily, not even hiding.

Six attacking one, very simple.

“Quickly finish it off.”

Ao Xingmu said indifferently. The thorns were like dragons and snakes, attacking the abyssal seed with bone wings.

“Roar! Roar!”

The abyssal seed let out a roar in fear, wanting to escape from this place.

However, the possibility of escaping was zero.

Five minutes later, the second Tier-9 abyssal seed that was desperately resisting died at the hands of Ao Xingmu and the others.

From then on, the war only broke out for ten minutes.

In the surrounding area, tens of millions of abyssal seeds had already been hunted down until there were only ten million left.

“Make your move and destroy these ten million abyssal seeds.”

Ao fenghuang lightly shouted, and a terrifying attack covered the front.

Endless Flames and lightning slanted forward, and millions of abyssal seeds were instantly killed.

“Hehe.”

Ao Xingmu smiled gently. The sky was filled with thorns that pierced through the abyssal seeds one by one.

The next tens of millions of abyssal seeds were all killed in less than two minutes.

In the void, the densely packed abyssal seeds were suspended.

“Quickly put away the corpses and continue forward.”

Wang Xian shouted softly. The members of the Dragon Palace immediately stored the corpses into the Dragon Cave through their divine kingdoms.

Boom Boom

All the members returned to the Dragon Mountain and the huge dragon mountain continued to advance towards the battlefield ahead.

Five minutes later, a battlefield appeared in their sight.

“The experts from the Dragon Palace are here. Haha, they actually destroyed tens of millions of abyss seeds so quickly. Our side is about to be liberated.”

“What speed. Two undying god King Level 9 abyss seeds were killed so quickly. The Dragon Palace is invincible.”

“The Dragon Palace is here? Hahaha, seeing the Dragon Palace and Dragon Mountain now, it’s even more intimate than seeing my father!”

When some of the people on the battlefield saw the Dragon Mountain flying over, they were all extremely excited.

Just a while ago, 5 to 6 million people flew over, they were excitedly shouting that the dragon palace was on their side hunting the Undying Level 9 abyss seeds.

If there were a few million of them and even a level 8 warrior amongst them, it was naturally not fake.

Regarding the Dragon Palace’s strength, the soldiers on the battlefield were extremely shocked.

Now that they saw Dragon Mountain flying over, they were even closer than their own fathers.

After all at this time, even their own fathers couldn’t save them, but the Dragon Palace would definitely be able to save their lives.

“Master.”

Bei Shuang’s eyes lit up when he saw the Dragon Mountain flying over!

“Pu!”

At this time, along with the arrival of the Dragon Palace, three arrows instantly arrived in front of an undying level 8 seed.

...

“Howl Howl!”

Feeling the terrifying speed and energy of the three arrows, the seed revealed a terrified expression.

“Howl! Howl!”

It hurriedly dodged to the side, however the 3 arrows had sealed off its escape.

The 2 arrows entered its body, the law energy instantly killing it.

“So Strong!”

Bei Shuang was shocked, following which she revealed a look of joy.

Her body moved, immediately flying towards Dragon Mountain.

“Hahaha, did you see that, Undying Level 8 beast, instant kill!”

The Dragon Python group’s level 8 warrior saw this and laughed loudly.

“Invincible Dragon King!”

...

“Long live the Dragon Palace!”

The rest of the disciples roared with fighting spirit.

A Level 8 instant kill, this was something only an undying level 9 could do.

“Kill!”

In the next moment, the sound of the arrows drowned out everyone’s shouts.

Ao Xing Mu and Ao Feng Huang immediately flew out from the Dragon Mountain, killing without restraint.

“The Dragon Palace doesn’t only have that Archer at the Undying Level 9, look at the two powerful warriors that just flew out, they too!”

“That’s for sure, the Dragon Palace can destroy two undying level 9 abyss species, naturally it can’t only have one level 9 warrior.”

Ao Feng Huang and ao Xing Mu’s actions shocked everyone once again.

“Master.”

Bei Shuang flew over and asked with a smile.

“How’s the situation in the other places now?”

Wang Xian asked her.

“Master, the sudden appearance of the abyss species has increased the pressure everywhere. However, with Master’s Dragon Palace’s help, it can alleviate a lot.”

Bei Shuang said with a smile.

“Is that so? The position beside is the center right? The main territory of the great sect last month?”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

“Yes, I heard that the great sect last month had six level nine immortal king Abyss species. They are under a lot of pressure now.”

Bei Shuang nodded her head.

“They have four level nine immortal king powerhouses. They should be able to hold on.”

Wang Xian said faintly.

Wang Xian did not have a good impression of the great sect last month. Of course, he did not have a bad impression of them either.

“We should be able to clear them out in three minutes.”

He looked at the battlefield ahead and said.

Ao Fenghuang, Ao Xingmu, and the rest had made their move. The speed of the massacre was much faster.

The number of abyssal seeds was decreasing at a terrifying speed.

“Alright, follow me to other places to provide support!”

Three minutes later, the tens of millions of abyssal seeds in this area were all killed. A large number of corpses were once again collected by the members of the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Peak was activated, and it continued to fly toward the left side of the Northern line.

However, this time, the Dragon Peak did not travel in the abyss, but flew out of the abyss. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He was temporarily not planning to go over to help the great religious sect of the central government last month.

In general, the Dragon Palace was closer to the ancient God dynasty and the Dragon Python group, so he naturally had to go to the territories of these two forces first.

As for the great religious sect last month, he would let them wait until the end.