Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2671 2671 immortal King Pinnacle Abyss seed

“Roar Roar Roar!”

“Ga Ga Ga!”

Wang Xian and the rest made their move and came to rescue Yue Shangfeng. When the three abyss seeds saw this scene, they revealed an extremely furious expression.

Their extremely ferocious faces let out deafening roars at Wang Xian and the rest.

“One each!”

Ao Phoenix locked onto them with an ice-cold expression in her eyes!

Howl

The next moment, he transformed into the Heavenly Thunder Earth Fire Dragon Phoenix.

Flames and lightning surrounded him as he attacked an abyss seed.

“I can’t handle one each, ao Xing Mu, the two of us against them.”

Mu Ze Sen smiled faintly. As an arrow dragon, his long range attacks were terrifying, but in close combat, he was weaker by a level.

Two or three undying level 8 warriors were close combat, he couldn’t even defend against them.

However in long range, his attacks were terrifying.

“Alright.”

Ao xing mu replied indifferently, rushing over, bringing the Sparks and thorns towards the two level 9 seeds.

“Rumble Rumble Rumble!”

The sound of the level 9 seeds colliding resounded once again.

“Good, good, good!”

“Dragon King, help me tie down the abyssal seed in front of me. I have a treasure that requires 20 seconds to prepare. After 20 seconds, I can severely injure or even kill a beast.”

An elder from the great sect last month had an excited look in his eyes. He stared at the abyssal seed in front of him with a ghastly expression and said to Wang Xian.

“There’s no rush. Hold them back for a few minutes first.”

Wang Xian looked over and said faintly.

It would take about four minutes for the Dragon Peak to reach here.

As long as they could hold these abyssal seeds back for four minutes, it would be the time for them to perish.

“HMM?”

The elder from the great sect from last month was slightly stunned. Then, he nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll listen to the Dragon King!”

They were filled with gratitude towards the arrival of the Dragon Palace.

It was not an exaggeration to say that the Dragon Palace had saved the great sect from last month.

Buzz

Wang Xian was floating in the starry sky while the five elements millstone was floating in front of him.

He stared at the more than 30 level eight abyssal seeds below him and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Buzz Buzz Buzz

The Five Elements Millstone was spinning at full strength. The five elements annihilation law on it seemed to be able to silence all living things.

The five elements millstone enveloped the two level eight abyssal seeds and attacked them directly.

The Great Elder from last month, who was fighting against the two level 8 abyssal seeds, hurriedly dodged to the side.

The two level 8 abyssal seeds wanted to dodge too, however the five elements millstone chased after them.

The Gray River of time passed by the bodies of the two undying level 8 abyssal seeds.

The two level 8 abyssal seeds died immediately.

“Thank You Dragon King for your help.”

The two great sect elders from last month immediately said gratefully.

Weng

The Five Elements Millstone moved and continued to attack the other level 8 abyssal beasts.

“Haha, with the Dragon King’s help, we’ll definitely win this time.”

“Too strong, the Dragon Palace also has four undying level 9 warriors? Too Powerful.”

“There should be more than four, that huge dragon mountain is also very terrifying. We’ve seen three thorny monsters fly out from the Dragon Mountain, they’re all equally powerful.”

Below, all the experts and disciples looked extremely excited when they saw this scene.

This was especially so for the disciples of the great sect last month. The patriarch had been saved, and now there was a dragon king who had killed a level eight abyssal seed.

The crisis here could be solved very quickly.

The battle continued, but the pressure on all the experts and disciples was greatly reduced.

Ao Xingmu and the other two were fighting against three level nine abyssal seeds. Last month, the sect leader and the other two were fighting against the other three.

As for the other last month’s patriarch, he was recuperating at the side. He was severely injured. Without powerful treasures, he would not be able to recover for thousands of years.

Wang Xian was slaughtering the level eight abyssal seeds one by one. The level eight immortal king expert that was freed was going to kill the level seven immortal king abyssal seed.

The pressure on the humans was greatly reduced.

...

“They’re here!”

Four minutes later, the rumbling sound of the Dragon Peak was heard. Wang Xian looked over with a hint of excitement in his eyes.

This time, he was not prepared to let the six level 9 immortal King abyssal seeds escape.

“First, trap the three level 9 abyssal seeds on Ao Xingmu’s side!”

Wang Xian immediately said to the sky array.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

The Dragon Peak flew over and the array formation was activated. The thorny monsters formed by the three array formations immediately flew towards ao Xingmu and the rest.

When the three level nine abyssal seeds that were entangled saw another powerful being attacking them, they let out low growls.

“Ao Xingmu, AO Fenghuang, and Mou Zesen, let’s join forces and kill the other three level nine abyssal seeds first.”

The monster formed by the formation wrapped around the three level 9 abyssal seeds, and Wang Xian ordered again.

“Yes!”

...

Following that, the four of them flew towards the battlefield where the sect leader and the other two were.

“That Dragon Mountain can actually trap three level 9 undying god King abyssal seeds, is this the true strength of the Dragon Palace?”

“Hahaha, kill these few beasts, kill them!”

Last month’s leader and the two forefathers had shocked expressions on their faces, following which they roared with laughter.

“Old Feng, we’ll take revenge for you, the brothers from the Dragon Palace will help me pin down one, I’m going to start my big move.”

One forefather laughed loudly.

“Alright.”

Ao Xing Mu flew over, Law Thorns immediately attacking the Undying Level 9 abyss seed.

The great sect elder from last month left the battlefield and took out a lightning ball.

The lightning ball contained an incomparable destructive power.

Wang Xian’s gaze swept over and he raised his eyebrows.

“Brother from the Dragon Palace, Dodge!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

20 seconds later, he roared and threw the lightning ball in his hand.

Ao Xing Mu’s body moved and swiftly dodged.

“Crackle!”

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

The lightning ball came within 1,000 kilometers of the level 9 abyssal seed and exploded.

A vast power of lightning filled the surroundings.

The destructive lightning tore the space apart.

“AO AO, AO ao AO!”

The level 9 abyssal seed inside felt the threat of death and roared in anger.

“What a strong power. Even if I can’t kill that level nine abyssal seed, I can still severely injure it.”

Wang Xian swept his gaze across and raised his eyebrows slightly.

Very soon, the Lightning dissipated and an extremely miserable abyssal seed appeared inside.

When it saw the gaze of Wang Xian and the rest, it turned around in fear and wanted to flee into the distance.

“PFFT!”

However, at this moment, a black and white shadow appeared and easily harvested it.

“Eh? There’s another level nine existence in the Dragon Palace?”

Seeing the Ao Yao suddenly appear behind the level nine abyssal seed, the supreme headmaster and the others from last month were slightly shocked.

If the thorny monster was included, this was the eighth one.

It was twice the strength of their supreme headmaster from last month.