Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2678 2678 joint attack

“Thank you for waiting here.”

The sect leader of last month swept his gaze across the group of forces and cupped his hands to express his gratitude.

“Hehe, sit down!”

At the central seat, two people from the two forces sat there and smiled at them.

The sect leader of last month and the rest nodded and looked at Wang Xian. The few of them sat at the front.

Wang Xian sat there and scanned his surroundings.

There were two peak immortal king level experts and they were also sitting at the two seats in the middle.

There were 10 immortal King Level 9 experts, which were on the opposite side and in the middle.

The weakest one was also an immortal king level 8. It could be said that they were the overlords of the Demon Island.

“How’s the situation in the Northern Abyss?”

Everyone sat down, a pinnacle undying emperor in the center asked.

“World Elder, we’ve been monitoring the situation over there for the past month, and the Abyss has been expanding, if it reaches here, it would take half a year.”

The leader replied.

“Your loss last month, the loss of the Northern line, it will bring us a lot of trouble.”

On the other side, an elder frowned and said.

“Then You Duan Tian Go and try. If you defend, you probably won’t be able to hold on until now.”

An elder from last month said calmly.

“Alright, everyone understands the situation on the Northern line. The two pinnacle undying emperor abyss species aren’t something we could defend against last month. It would be troublesome for us to defend.”

In the center, The Pinnacle Undying Emperor from 9 skies spoke.

As he spoke, the old man from Duan Tian obediently shut his mouth.

If it were him, Duan Tian wouldn’t be able to defend against them either.

“The Abyss on the northern side must be stopped at trillions of kilometers away. It can not enter our Central Region!”

The world margin sect elder spoke.

“If it is more than a trillion kilometers away, then we still have three to four months to prepare.”

The Patriarch of last month replied.

“Let’s not talk about other things first. Right now, our entire demon island is facing the threat of the abyss. From now on, if everyone wants to unite, all the factions must take action.”

“Right now, the world margin sect has not taken action, and some other factions have not taken action either. From now on, the northern front will be defended by you and the other factions on the northern front. Is that Alright?”

Patriarch Nine Heavens looked at patriarch world margin.

“No Problem!”

Patriarch world margin nodded.

“I have a suggestion. Right now, the Northern Front Abyss still has a few months of buffer time. During this period, we should focus on attacking the abyssal seeds in the Eastern Abyss!”

“Perhaps a few months will be enough to completely pacify the Eastern Abyss.”

The sect master of the Heaven Severing sect said.

“What’s the current situation in the Eastern Abyss?”

World end patriarch asked.

“Two Pinnacle Undying Godly monarch abyss seeds, over a dozen at level 9. As for whether there are more in the depths, we don’t know.”

Nine clouds patriarch replied.

“If we work together, we can quickly clear these abyss seeds, and we can even get a sum of abyss crystals.”

The eyes of Patriarch of horizon flickered as he nodded.

“Since this is the decision, do the other factions have any objections?”

Patriarch of nine heavens looked around and asked.

“No, we will follow the plan of the four great sects.”

The experts from the various factions nodded immediately.

“Then, it’s decided.”

Patriarch of horizon nodded. “The Demon Islands will work together to advance and retreat together.”

“This should be the Dragon King, right?”

After he finished his sentence, his gaze landed on Wang Xian. He raised his eyebrows and asked.

“Yes.”

Wang Xian nodded his head at him.

“He is the Dragon King?”

The rest of the powerhouses from the other factions looked over immediately. Their eyes were filled with astonishment.

On the AI, they had also received all sorts of information about the Dragon Palace. According to what some people from the northern front had said on the AI, the Dragon Palace was much stronger than last month.

The disciples and experts from last month didn’t object to this. Now, they had a high position in the forces on the northern front.

...

According to the AI, the Dragon Palace was probably the strongest except for Tian Ya and Jiu Xiao, who were also a bit stronger than Duan Tian.

“The Dragon Palace is going to join our Demon Island Alliance this time?”

Patriarch Tian Ya asked faintly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Patriarch Tian Ya, the Dragon Palace doesn’t belong to the forces on our Demon Island. They won’t join our alliance, but they will also send experts to fight against the abyssal seed with us.”

The sect master of last month immediately took over and said.

“This is a good thing. However, I hope that the Dragon Palace will not run away when they run into danger. Let us deal with more trouble.”

Patriarch Tianya said to Wang Xian.

“Everything is clear. Without a major crisis, the Dragon Palace will not retreat. However, if the enemy can not be fought, the Dragon Palace will leave immediately. We will not hesitate.”

Wang Xian looked at Patriarch Horizon and said faintly.

It was the same as what he said at the northern front.

Everyone could understand what he meant.

...

His words caused Patriarch Horizon and patriarch jiuxiao to frown slightly.

“Let’s talk about encircling and exterminating the abyssal seeds in the east.”

Patriarch Jiuxiao changed the topic and said directly.

Following that, everyone immediately started to talk about the abyssal seeds in the east.

Wang Xian smiled. The other party understood what he meant and understood the actions of the Dragon Palace.

To put it bluntly, they also knew that the Dragon Palace was here for the crystals of the Abyss.

It was just that the Dragon Palace was strong enough. With the Dragon Palace around, they would suffer a lot less losses.

This could be said to be a mutual benefit. After all, a force like the Dragon Palace wouldn’t be able to ask for help without sufficient benefits.

Even if they were a little dissatisfied with the actions of the Dragon Palace, they wouldn’t reject such a thing.

Next, it was time to discuss how to fight against the Eastern Abyss.

Two Pinnacle Undying Emperor level abyss seeds, Tian Ya and Jiu Xiao would fight, one for each power.

The other powers would kill the other abyss seeds.

The discussion didn’t take long before it was completely decided. A day later, all the powers set off.

“Dragon King, we will set off together tomorrow.”

The sect master and the rest of them informed him before they started to prepare immediately.

Wang Xian nodded his head and flew towards the Dragon Peak.

“Sky Array, how’s the preparation going?”

He came to the command post and asked.

“Dragon King, it will take another five days to complete the transformation.”

Sky Array replied.

“We will head to the Abyss on the east side of the Demon Island tomorrow. We will probably have to clean up the abyss seeds on the east side in the next few days.”

Wang Xian said to him.

“There will be no problem with the battle within five days. However, there are still some areas that have not improved and we will not be able to reach the peak.”

Heaven’s formation frowned slightly.

“It’s alright. Our main focus is to fight against the abyssal seeds of Immortal King Level 9 and below. The risk of this battle is not high.”

Wang Xian shook his head.

It was not difficult to mobilize the entire demon island’s strength to attack the abyssal seeds on the east side of the Abyss.