Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2728: imperial court’s protection

"Forefather!"

"Forefather!"

Within the imperial court's main hall, Sect Master Tian Ya and the three elders flew over. Seeing the forefather's gloomy expression, they were slightly shocked and quickly shouted.

"Your Wu Zu has failed. He was attacked by three Pinnacle Undying King warriors of the Dragon Palace. Someone from the imperial court saw it and attacked. Our Tian Ya sect has broken the rules."

World Margin Sect Master Feng Yaazi said with a dark face.

"What! Our ancestor actually failed!"

"Our ancestor was discovered by the imperial court warriors. What should we do now!" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Just as he said that, sect master world margin and the three elders asked with fear.

"I'll go find Protector Emperor. You guys take charge of this matter. Gather all the disciples. Be careful that the Dragon King will send people to Attack!"

Patriarch Horizon immediately ordered.

"It's Patriarch!"

Sect Master Horizon and the others nodded.

"Buzz!"

Patriarch Horizon did not hesitate. His body moved and he left instantly.

"Sect master, we are now..."

An elder looked at the sect master beside him with an embarrassed expression.

"Have all disciples above the godly monarch realm gather in the hall and wait for news. Send out disciples to stand guard outside."

Sect Master Tian Ya clenched his fist and said.

"Yes!"

The three elders immediately said. They ordered all disciples to wait here and ordered a few disciples to stand guard around.

Following that, sect master Tian Ya and the elders sat at the back of the hall and waited quietly.

A group of experts from the world margin great sect gathered together and discussed uneasily.

They knew that the world margin great sect seemed to have encountered a crisis again.

This was extremely aggrieved for the experts and disciples of the world margin sect.

Ever since they were defeated by the Dragon Palace, they had lost their former glory.

Thinking back, who dared to provoke them on the demon island?

All those who dared to provoke the world margin sect had to die.

As the experts and core disciples of the world margin sect, they enjoyed all the glory, wealth, and women at their fingertips.

But now, they were like stray dogs...

"They're all Dragon Kings, and they're all damn dragon palaces. They'll definitely take revenge one day at a time, kill all of them, and torture all of their women to death."

In the Great Hall, a disciple of the world margin sect roared tyrannically.

"Well, what's that? What a powerful divine weapon. What kind of divine weapon is this?"

"Who's on it? It's so fast, and it's so powerful."

At the same time, at the front lines of the imperial court, the horizon ruler was flying at a terrifying speed.

Some of the experts from the cold island of the imperial court looked at the horizon ruler in astonishment.

"Dragon King, the planet in front of us is the planet where the horizon sect is located."

A few minutes later, the horizon ruler appeared in front of the planet where the horizon sect was located.

"Do it, destroy it immediately!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold expression as he ordered immediately.

"It's the Dragon King!"

In the next moment, ao Qitian leaped up and transformed into an extremely violent dragon.

The ocean-pacifying divine needle appeared in his hand. He waved it and smashed it towards the planet where the Heaven's end sect was located from afar.

"Kill!"

He let out a furious roar. It could be heard clearly within a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers!

Weng

At the same time, a devastating attack was unleashed from the Sky Edge ruler.

"Damn, what's going on!"

"This is?"

The Warriors and disciples who had been paying attention to the power of the sky edge ruler were shocked when they saw ao Qitian and the sky edge ruler attack.

"Peak undying warrior's destructive power, what are they doing!"

An undying level 8 stared wide eyed, shocked.

"Rumble!"

Two terrifying attacks arrived in the sky above the planet.

The Vigilant Warriors were all stunned.

"The Attack of a pinnacle undying, flee!"

One of the Warriors couldn't help but shout.

"Not good, Dodge!"

And behind the Planet Palace, an elder immediately pulled up the world margin sect leader beside him and quickly hid far away.

"Quickly run, RUN BACK TO THE UNDYING COUNTRY!"

At this time, the world margin sect leader also reacted, feeling the destructive attack, he shouted in fear.

"Rumble!"

At this time, vast amounts of energy landed on the planet, some warriors who didn't react were stunned.

The destructive power of two Pinnacle Undying Emperor Warriors landed on the planet, the entire planet instantly crumbled.

The group of God Emperor Warriors in the hall were all shocked, their fast reaction figures instantly vanished.

However, most of them were the ones who didn't react.

The vast energy landed in front of them, instantly, over 10,000 undying emperor warriors were killed.

And under this energy, many warriors were still dying at a terrifying speed.

Around them, some of the nearby warriors stared blankly at this scene.

The entire planet was instantly destroyed!

"Who are they? That's the Emperor's planet, who are they to actually dare to cause trouble here at this time?"

A scream came from one of the surrounding warriors.

That vast energy made their hearts tremble.

A planet was destroyed in an instant. They could sense that there were many experts on the planet.

"Ao Yao, quickly put away all the corpses inside."

Wang Xian looked at the destruction of the planet and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

After this attack, other than the dead, the rest had all fled back to their God countries.

However, he could sense that in the current world margin sect, there were at most tens of thousands of immortal godly monarchs who had escaped.

In other words, there were 30,000 to 40,000 experts who had died under the attacks of Ao Qitian and the world margin ruler.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao and the rest moved and immediately flew forward.

"Who dares to cause trouble in our imperial court!"

At this moment, the voices of the experts could be heard from the surrounding planets.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and saw many powerhouses from the imperial court flying over.

"What's that sound?"

At the same time, on a planet not far away, Patriarch of the world's end, Feng Yaazi, was standing in front of Patriarch of the world's end with her head lowered.

Patriarch of the world's end, who was standing in front of him, frowned slightly as he listened to Patriarch of the world's End's report.

The sudden voice shocked both of them slightly.

This terrifying power was not something that an ordinary expert could unleash.

"Let's take a look first!"

Protector di moved and immediately appeared in the sky above the planet.

Patriarch Horizon Feng hesitated for a moment and followed behind him.

However, when he flew out and looked in that direction, his eyes instantly turned blood red.

"Dragon Palace! Dragon King!"

He let out an extremely angry roar and flew over with a bloody body.

"Damn it!"

Protector di's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene. He moved his body and flew over immediately.

"Hehe, Patriarch of the World Margin Sect, you are a little late. However, our grudge is not over yet. The incident of you attacking my disciple is not over either!"

Wang Xian said faintly when he saw him flying over.

"Dragon King? Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

"The world's end sect? What's going on?"