Chapter 2729: Under the protection of the 2729 imperial court

"The entire planet has been destroyed by the Dragon Palace. With that terrifying power, the Dragon Palace has sent out more than one pinnacle undying emperor."

"The imperial court forbids killing, anyone who disobeys will be killed without mercy. And now the Dragon Palace is taking the initiative to attack the world margin sect, this..."

"The Dragon Palace's attack destroyed the entire planet, many warriors from the world margin sect must have died. Now That World Elder is here, are they going to fight?"

Around the front lines of the Imperial Court's Abyss battlefield, a terrifying rumble caused a huge commotion, instantly attracting countless people.

In just a few minutes, billions of people had gathered around.

At a glance, they were densely packed, all of them discussing in shock.

Everyone was clear about the grudges between the World Margin Sect and the Dragon Palace, the world margin sect had been defeated by the Dragon Palace, killing close to 20,000 undying god King level warriors.

Now, the two factions were in a dispute again.

"Dragon King, I'm going to kill you!"

When the world margin patriarch Feng Yaazi heard Wang Xian's words, his face revealed an extremely furious expression. He swept his gaze across the shattered stars and his body trembled. His blood-red eyes stared at the stars as a godly axe appeared in front of him and attacked him violently.

"Hahaha, how dare a stray dog be so arrogant!"

"Boom!"

Ao Qitian saw his attack and raised the ocean-pacifying divine needle in his hand to meet it head-on.

The terrifying aftershock from the collision spread rapidly to the surroundings.

"Not good, retreat quickly. This is the collision between two powerhouses at the peak of the godly monarch stage."

The expressions of some people who were close to him changed drastically. They hurriedly hid far away.

"Stop!"

"Boom!"

At this moment, a terrifying hand appeared and blocked the aftershock of Ao Qitian and Feng Yaazi's collision.

"Dragon Palace, how dare you break the rules of our imperial court and kill people here? Are you disrespecting our imperial court?"

A cold shout came from behind.

"This is? It's the protector of our imperial court!"

Hearing this voice, everyone's expression changed slightly.

They knew that the powerhouse of the imperial court had arrived.

"This protector of the imperial court, an elder of the world margin sect has openly attacked my disciple. The world margin sect has offended him first. Can't he let us, the Dragon Palace, take revenge?"

"Anyone who attacks their own kind in the imperial court will be punished by the imperial court. I want to know how the world margin sect will be convicted for such actions."

Wang Xian looked at the protector of the imperial court and asked with a twinkle in his eyes.

The reason why he dared to make a move this time was that the dragon palace had sufficient evidence.

The world margin sect had violated the rules of the imperial court first. Naturally, the one who was punished was the world margin sect.

"No matter what, this is not a reason for the Dragon Palace to blow up a planet and kill countless people."

The Protector Emperor said expressionlessly.

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian frowned slightly.

"Phew, something happened here. Did the Dragon Palace make a move?"

"That's the protector emperor. Looks like we've finally made it. Let's go, let's go."

At this moment, near the Abyss, a group of more than a dozen people came over on a special aircraft.

They saw countless people gathered in front of them and were slightly shocked, rushing in.

"Guardian, an elder from the world margin just attacked sister bei Shuang when we were heading into the abyss, violating the rules of our imperial court."

Emperor Star Lady's gaze swept across the center, immediately speaking loudly.

"Guardian, just as she said, the elder from the World Margin sect ambushed an undying level 8 warrior, violating the rules of our imperial court."

"We and deacon Ying witnessed it with our own eyes."

Beside Empress Star, the Empress who was in a small team with them also spoke.

"HM? That's the Empress of the Imperial Court!"

"That's Empress Star, the current Empress. The other one who spoke was the former empress, and beside them are the deacons of the imperial court."

"The Grand Patriarch of the world margin sect actually ambushed a level 8 warrior, ambushing the disciple of the Dragon King, this is too despicable!"

The surrounding crowd heard the Emperor Star Lady's words and were slightly shocked, discussing.

"It was your Dragon Palace that ambushed and killed our disciples first, the four elders of our world margin sect, over 10,000 undying emperors were all killed by you, you deserve to die!"

Forefather world margin roared furiously.

"Hehe, our Dragon Palace ambushed and killed you first? If you can produce evidence, our Dragon Palace is willing to accept punishment, if you don't have evidence, don't speak nonsense."

"This protector of the imperial court, according to the rules of the imperial court, please deal with him fairly."

Wang Xian looked at the protector and said.

The protector frowned slightly and glanced at Feng Yaazi with an unhappy expression.

"This matter has happened before by the world margin sect. However, since the world margin sect has once worked for our imperial court, we will spare their lives. If there is a next time, we will destroy them immediately."

The Guardian Emperor announced calmly.

"HMM?"

The words of the guardian emperor shocked countless people around him. Their eyes flickered as they looked around.

"Let's Go!"

When Wang Xian heard his words, a hint of coldness flashed across his eyes as he said directly.

Buzz

The Heaven's end ruler was activated and Wang Xian and the rest flew into the distance in an instant.

"This..." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

When they saw the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the rest leaving, everyone was stunned once again.

"This... why did the guardian protect the world margin sect? It was the world margin sect who broke the rules."

The Celestial Emperor and the others were slightly shocked when they heard the Guardian's words, and their expressions turned ugly.

The other Celestial Emperor and Deacon Ying also frowned.

"The Guardian must have his own thoughts in his decision. Let's not doubt it."

Deacon Ying said.

"Lord Protector of the imperial court has actually protected the world margin sect. The world margin sect is the mortal enemy of the Dragon Palace. What does Lord Protector Mean?"

"Does Lord Protector have any dissatisfaction with the Dragon Palace?"

Some of the experts from the other forces around saw this scene and thought.

Lord Protector's action revealed a lot of information.

It could be said that a guardian could represent the attitude of the imperial court.

Especially when they saw the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the others leaving, it was even more intriguing.

"Dragon King, it's obvious that the guardian of the imperial court is trying to protect the world margin sect. F * ck, should we F * ck them?"

At the same time, the world margin ruler was already far away from the previous area.

Above, Ba Qi spoke with a murderous look on his face.

Wang Xian's face was dark and he didn't say anything.

According to his plan, if the heaven's end patriarch attacked them and violated the rules of the imperial court, he would be punished by the imperial court.

However, the protector of the imperial court was openly siding with the heaven's end sect.

Especially when protector of the heaven's end flew over to question them, he had already sensed that something was amiss.

As the saying goes, the enemy of an enemy is a friend. However, the friend of an enemy is also likely to be an enemy.

Since the imperial court was so blatantly siding with him, then...

A hint of killing intent flashed across Wang Xian's eyes.

"Ba Qi, tell the demonic fiend that our next target is not only the abyssal seed. We can also kill those who can be killed."

He said coldly.