Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2730: protection was the enemy

Wang Xian originally thought that he had a good relationship with the empress and that the Empress had some status in the imperial court.

The relationship between the Dragon Palace and the imperial court would be better.

However, he was wrong.

They really didn't care about a disciple at the level of the Empress.

Furthermore, they didn't have to worry about how the Dragon Palace would feel or how they would react.

They could do whatever they wanted.

The Horizon sect had a relationship with the imperial court, so the Guardians could directly protect them.

Although they didn't blame the Dragon Palace, it was already a message.

The Horizon sect had the protection of the imperial court, so the horizon sect could sneak attack the people of the Dragon Palace. However, if the Dragon Palace attacked the people of the horizon sect and was caught with evidence, the imperial court might punish the Dragon Palace.

It was the complete opposite treatment.

Furthermore, the Heaven's end sect and the Dragon Palace had already become arch-enemies. The Heaven's end sect would definitely seek revenge from the Dragon Palace in the future.

The Dragon Palace could not kill the people from the Heaven's end sect. When the Heaven's end sect increased their strength and came to kill the Dragon Palace, it was indirectly the imperial court killing the Dragon Palace.

That was because they were protecting the heaven's end sect.

Wang Xian did not have to worry about the imperial court.

Although the strength of the Dragon Palace and the imperial court were far apart, the imperial court was already an enemy.

In that case, the improvement resources of the Dragon Palace were not limited to the abyssal seeds.

The abyssal seeds could be killed, and the powerhouses of the imperial court could be killed as well.

"Dragon King, the Dragon Palace can still give birth to 3,000 poisonous horned dragons. Let's give birth to the last 3,000 of them!"

Ba Qi's eyes sparkled as he asked.

"Okay."

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Dragon King, in my opinion, it's easier to deal with humans than the abyssal seeds. As long as we parasitize some of the powerhouses in the imperial court, we will be able to grasp the situation of a small team. Then, Mo Sha and the rest will continue to ambush them as abyssal seeds."

"I believe that it won't be long before the entire imperial court will suffer heavy losses."

Ba Qi said coldly.

"Send someone to handle this matter."

Wang Xian said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ba Qi immediately nodded his head.

To the current Wang Xian, everything in the Chasm Battlefield was an enemy and a resource for the Dragon Palace to increase their strength.

"Don't blame us for not treating our dragon palace seriously."

Wang Xian mumbled.

...

"Brother Feng Yazi, I don't wish for such a thing to happen again. This time, because of you, we have completely offended the Dragon Palace."

"Although we don't put the Dragon Palace in our eyes, at this moment, the imperial court doesn't want any trouble to happen."

At this moment, on a planet at the front line of the imperial court, Protector di spoke to Feng Yazi with a cold expression.

"Thank you for your protection, Protector Emperor. We will definitely not give you any more trouble."

Feng Yazi lowered her head and replied.

"Don't go looking for trouble with the Dragon Palace anymore. The Divine Empire of the Night Cold Divine Empire will open in a month. You can try your luck there."

"If you can obtain a great opportunity and find an opportunity to break through, you can kill anyone who breaks through to the rear dragon palace."

Protector Emperor said solemnly.

"Yes, thank you, Protector Emperor."

Feng Yazi thanked him again before leaving.

"Dragon Palace Dragon King!"

As he flew out from Protector Emperor, killing intent surged in his eyes again.

Even though Protector Emperor had protected the world margin sect this time, the world margin sect had suffered heavy losses this time.

Over 30,000 undying emperor level warriors had died, and there were only over 10,000 of them in the entire world margin sect now.

From 80,000 to 90,000 experts to more than 10,000 now, it was all because of the Dragon Palace.

A blood feud that would not stop until one of them died.

"I hope I can get a great opportunity in the Divine Empire of the night cold. Only then can I destroy the Dragon Palace."

"Only then can I take revenge."

He muttered and clenched his fists.

"Dragon King, the corpses of the world margin sect have all been collected. Other than the 30,000 immortal king level experts, there are also countless eternal god Lord Level 6 and 7 disciples."

Ao Yao and the rest rushed over from a spot in front of the Abyss and reported to Wang Xian.

"Return to the Dragon Palace and use all of them to increase the strength of the members of the poison making department."

Wang Xian said directly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Yao nodded.

All the resources were used to increase the strength of the poison horned dragons. Currently, there were 3,000 poison horned dragons in the Dragon Palace.

If all the resources were used on them, then the strength of these 3,000 poison horned dragon species would not be lower than an immortal king level 5.

After all, they had taken a lot of resources to upgrade them not long ago.

"Half a month later, let mo sha bring them to parasitism."

Ba Qi said coldly from the side.

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly.

Soon, the agreed time of half a month arrived again.

"Mo Sha, What's wrong with you? There are only seven Level 9 undying god King Abyss Seeds!"

"D * mn, seven is still not enough. The closer we get to the center, the harder it is to get. I spent quite a lot to get these seven. Furthermore, your strength can definitely be raised."

Ba Qi looked at all the abyss seeds'corpses and could not help but ridicule.

Mo Sha said speechlessly.

This Time's harvest, 7 undying level 9 seeds, 80 undying level 8 seeds.

The remaining 10,000 or so.

The harvest was already terrifying enough.

"Dragon King, it'll be even harder to get such a harvest next. The closer we get to the center, the stronger the Abyss races get. The next time we get half of this harvest is already pretty good."

Mo Sha said bitterly.

Even though they were getting stronger and stronger, the Abyss races near the center were getting stronger and stronger.

The races were getting bigger and bigger.

And these races often fought with humans, it would be much harder to get more abyss races.

Especially those races with Pinnacle Undying Emperor Abyss races.

"It's alright. Next, we will shift our target to deal with the people from the imperial court."

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he said.

"Deal with the imperial court? Dragon King, are we at war with the Imperial Court?"

Mo Sha's eyes flickered as he asked in surprise.

"Our Dragon Palace is not a match for the imperial court. There are some things that you can discuss with Ba Qi. He will tell you. Also, you can exchange some of this batch of abyss seeds into merit points. Don't use Poison Nine's identity and don't expose the identity of the Dragon Palace."

In order to avoid some situations, Wang Xian instructed mo sha and the rest.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Sha nodded.

Following that, Mo Sha, eight points, poison nine, and the other members of the poison making department transformed into the images of middle-aged men and flew towards the planet where the merit points were exchanged for treasures. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After a day, they exchanged the abyssal seed crystals for elixirs and flew back.

"This is the last exchange. Next, we will obtain the corpses of the abyssal seeds and bring them back to the Dragon Palace to absorb!"

Wang Xian looked at the elixirs in his hands and mumbled.