Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2731: parasitic imperial court powerhouse

"Ba Qi, Increase Your Strength First."

Wang Xian swallowed all the pills and said to Ba Qi.

With the pills in his hands, it was enough for him to increase his strength to the peak of the Immortal King Realm.

However, his improvement was not as effective as Ba Qi's.

After Ba Qi increased his strength, he could easily parasitize a level 9 immortal King Realm Powerhouse.

After parasitizing, 8 points could do many things.

"It's Dragon King!"

8 points had an excited expression on his face, immediately nodding.

Rumble

10 minutes later, a terrifying energy shot out from his body.

His body looked even more peculiar, if it was said that his body was half liquid before, now it looked pitch black, but it was like a gas, even more terrifying.

"Kekekekekeke, I feel that I am abnormally powerful now. I can easily parasitize an immortal king level nine powerhouse."

Ba Qi looked at his body and roared in satisfaction.

"Dragon King, with my current strength, I can totally parasitize an elder of the imperial court. Should I change my target?"

Ba Qi said with a smile.

"No need. I will parasitize the sect leader of the world margin sect. There are too many elders in the imperial court. There are about 200 of them. There is no need to parasitize the sect leader of the world margin sect. The world margin sect will basically be under my control."

Wang Xian shook his head.

"Alright then. For the parasitized heaven's end sect, let Mo Sha Be in charge. For the situation in the abyss, let poison nine and a few other level nine members be in charge."

Ba Qi nodded his head.

"Alright. For now, let the 500 members parasitize the divine king experts of the imperial court!"

Wang Xian nodded his head as well.

Now, the imperial court was setting up the situation and was proceeding slowly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ba Qi nodded his head.

Following that, Wang Xian continued to raise the strength of the members of the poison making department.

Currently, Ba Qi had risen to the peak of the immortal king level in the poison making department. Furthermore, after using up all the ammunition, the number of immortal King Level 9 experts in the poison making department could reach 10, and the number of immortal King Level 8 experts could reach around 120.

This force was extremely powerful.

At its peak, the world margin sect only had 15 immortal King Level 9 experts.

Wang Xian discussed with Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and Du Jiu before coming up with a series of plans.

Following which, Du Jiu brought his men into the Abyss once again.

Ba Qi contacted his subordinates and flew towards the residence where the world margin sect was currently at.

He wanted to take possession of the world margin sect leader.

On the other hand, Mo Sha led his 500 subordinates and flew towards the planets of the imperial court.

Wang Xian sat there quietly and waited for the news.

"Sect master, the three elders have come to pay their respects."

A few hours later, in the mountain range where the powerhouses of the Heaven's end sect resided.

This planet was the planet where the Guardian Emperor resided. No one dared to cause trouble on this planet.

Now, the remaining members of the world margin sect were living here.

"Oh? Let the three elders in."

Sect master world margin immediately said.

In the entire world margin sect, besides the old ancestor, the four of them were the strongest.

Some things were discussed by the four of them together.

He wasn't too surprised by the arrival of the three of them.

"Sect master!"

At the door, the three of them walked over side by side and said to the sect master inside.

"Brothers, come here. I wonder what business you have with us."

Sect Master Tian Ya said with a sigh.

"It's nothing serious. I just want your life."

An Elder in the center opened his mouth and said to sect master Tian Ya.

Sect Master Tian Ya was stunned.

At this moment, a black mist instantly enveloped sect master horizon!

"Hehehe!"

A few seconds later, sect master horizon let out a sinister laugh.

"Greetings, Sect Master!"

In front, three sect masters called out respectfully.

"Mm, I'll first absorb some memories."

Sect Master Horizon sat there, absorbing the memories of this body.

"Eh? There's actually news about the dragon queen. Even the elders don't know about this news."

An hour later, sect master Tian Ya suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes were sparkling.

He waved his arm and a communication stone plate appeared in his hand.

He immediately compiled a message and reported it.

"It's pretty fast!"

At a place in front of the Abyss, Wang Xian saw a series of messages sent over and smiled.

However, his eyes started to flicker when he saw the contents.

There was not much information. The first message was that the eight-limbed parasitism had succeeded.

The second message was about the current situation. It also mentioned the Divine Kingdom of a fallen celestial emperor on the Night Cold Island.

The third message was about Qing Yue and Lingxiu.

A few years ago, the monarch had asked the world margin sect to capture a few people who possessed a space beast.

And this space beast was Xiao Lan.

The world margin sect had captured it for a year, and the Space Beast had escaped many times. Even the experts of the world margin sect were shocked to find that the space beast had improved at a terrifying speed in a year.

Then, the Space Beast escaped from their demon island and flew toward the direction of the imperial court.

At this point, the world margin sect did not continue to pursue, but the imperial court began to pursue.

According to the information that the sect master understood, it seemed that the imperial court did not manage to capture the space behemoth and those few people.

It seemed that they had entered the abyss.

"It has always been the imperial court that wanted to hunt down Qing Yue and Lingxiu!"

Wang Xian's expression changed and was filled with a violent killing intent.

"Hehe, I didn't expect that the biggest enemy would be the imperial court. Very good, very good."

He murmured and slowly closed his eyes.

It was hard to imagine how qingyue Lingxiu and the others survived the pursuit of the imperial court of the world margin sect with such weak strength.

No one could hurt Qingyue Lingxiu and the others. As long as there was someone, the Dragon Palace would make them pay a terrible price.

The world margin sect was one of them. The nightmare of the world margin sect was not over yet. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The next one would be the imperial court.

"Mo Sha, after the 3,000 poisonous horned dragon species of the dragon palace have been upgraded, send out another 500 people to parasitize the powerhouses of the imperial court."

"You, Du Jiu, and the rest set up a plan to kill the powerhouses of the imperial court with all your might."

Wang Xian slowly opened his eyes and said to Mo Sha who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Sha felt the killing intent in Wang Xian's body. His heart trembled slightly and he immediately said.

It had been a long time since he had felt such a strong killing intent from the Dragon King.

It seemed that the imperial court had really angered the Dragon King.

He took out his communication stone plate and immediately began to contact his subordinates.

Soon, a message came from one of his subordinates.

He had completed his first parasitism.

"Dragon King, one of my subordinates has succeeded. As long as one parasitism succeeds, the rest will be much easier."

Upon receiving the message, Mo Sha immediately reported to Wang Xian.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head as his eyes sparkled.

He looked at the Abyss in front of him.

Was the Green Moon Spiritual Beauty still in the Abyss?

How did they manage to survive all these years?

Were they alright?