Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2732: 2,732 in the Abyss battlefield

Time passed day by day, the war that threatened the entire imperial star field was still going on.

Every day, there would be deaths, but every day, there would be many warriors hunting and killing powerful abyss species.

During the war, with such resources, there would be many warriors rising up.

For example, a certain warrior had broken through from undying level 7 to 8.

Which warrior broke through from level 8 to Level 9.

There was even a leader who rose to pinnacle undying level.

In this war, some died and some rose.

On the heroes list, many warriors had already shown their talents.

However, what made many people curious was, who was the 1st on the Heroes List, Du Jiu?

Who was the 3rd ranked Ba Qi?

And who was the 4th ranked Mo Sha?

Seventh... Tenth... Twentieth... Twenty-eighth...

Wait, Wait, who were they?

Their mysterious identities also caused a lot of heated discussions on the AI.

"What's the current situation?"

At the same time, in a main hall of the vast palace of the imperial court.

Above the clouds, more than ten figures stood in front. On a divine throne in front, an illusory old man asked faintly.

"Grand ancestor, the situation is still stable. Although the dark magic abyss species are strong, our side is already at the top."

An old man reported.

"Grand Ancestor, the giant beast abyss species is expanding crazily. We have detected the appearance of the divine emperor-level abyss species. It Won't be long before more experts are sent to suppress the Pingyi Island. Otherwise, those who are close to the imperial court's protection will...". "..."

At this moment, an elder at the side reported.

"The behemoth-type abyssal seed is growing too fast. The incident back then caused the current disaster."

The Phantom on the divine throne muttered. One could see that he was frowning slightly. Clearly, he had thought of something that shocked him.

"God Emperor Yeleng's divine kingdom, see if we can add one more god Emperor. If we add one more, it will be much easier for us. We still have some time to prepare in Pingyi's direction."

The Phantom continued to speak before it disappeared.

Below, more than ten elders also disappeared.

...

"Dragon King, the five hundred poisonous horned dragons have all finished parasitizing. They are all in small teams."

"In addition, I have also contacted poison nine to get them ready. The plan has already been formulated."

At a spot in front of the Abyss, the Demonic Fiend reported to Wang Xian.

"Let's move out!"

Wang Xian nodded and stood there quietly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Mo Sha nodded and took out his communication stone plate to send messages one after another.

"My minions, Get Ready!"

At this moment, behind the meteorites in the abyss, hundreds of thousands of immortal god King Abyss seeds were hibernating there.

Three Immortal God King Level 9 abyss seeds and fifteen immortal god King Level 8 abyss seeds were surrounding each other.

A seed in the middle spoke in human language.

The one who spoke was poison 9. After spending time with the eight limbed demon fiend, he had also learned some of their essence.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Around them, a group of abyss seeds let out low roars.

There were around 6,500 of them, the rest were all true abyss seeds.

However with Poison 9 and the other undying emperor level 9 abyss species suppressing them, they were 80% obedient.

As for why they couldn't be 100% , with their intelligence, they couldn't be 100% obedient.

But that was enough.

"Uncle, do we have a target this time?"

After about 10 hours, a group of over 1,000 people flew into the Abyss, a middle aged man asked.

"The target has been chosen, with our strength we can take care of it. Of course, we don't have to be careless, everyone be alert."

The leading old man said.

The 1,000 of them were all undying emperor level warriors.

The Emperor Court had a million emperor level warriors and had been developing for 500 to 600 million years.

Within the huge Emperor Court, there were many families, many teachers.

The clans were the people of the direct line. As for the divisions, they were the faction of a master and a grandmaster.

After the outbreak of the Abyss War, most of the powerhouses of the imperial court fought side by side with their clans and divisions.

The more than one thousand of them were from the same division.

With the same grandmaster, they were usually close to each other, and a senior led them.

"It's too convenient for us to have an uncle-master from the Emperor Shadow Department."

An old man beside them couldn't help but laugh.

"Let's go in. Get into formation and start to be on guard."

At this moment, when the group entered the abyss, they immediately got into formation.

Some were good at being on guard, some were good at defense, and some were good at long-range attacks. It was clear and distinct.

Although the abyssal species knew how to use the terrain, compared to humans, there was still a huge gap in intelligence and coordination.

The imperial court had powerful detection personnel who had set up a perfect formation. When they worked together, they were often able to resist the abyssal species that were 1.5 times or even twice their strength.

This was also the reason why the humans gradually gained the upper hand.

Weng

Amongst the 1,000 people, a middle aged man's palm moved slightly, sending out messages one by one.

"We have a target, it's an hour away from us, we'll rush over first, they only have an undying level 9 warrior."

At the same time, in a certain part of the abyss, Poison Nine looked at the communication stone plate in front of him, immediately communicating with his subordinates.

"Go, let's hurry over!"

"Roar Roar!"

He roared furiously and immediately flew toward a spot of light on the communication stone plate.

"Fly from the inner part of the Abyss to prevent encountering other humans."

Poison nine continued to transmit his voice and ordered a group of Abyss species to take the lead and fly over.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The group of Abyss species did not hesitate and directly followed behind.

Their speed was very fast, within the abyss, some of the races would at most howl and not attack them.

Poison 9 responded, borrowing a path and swiftly approaching the target.

"The enemy has 1,050 people, 1 undying level 9,5 level 8,23 level 7, they are much weaker than us, don't let one go."

"Also, one of them has us brothers, we'll just pretend to kill him."

Poison 9 ordered as he flew.

The Poison Department members immediately replied.

"We're still 200 million km away, hide behind the surrounding meteorites, don't reveal yourself."

Poison 9 saw that they were getting closer and closer, he immediately ordered his underlings and the abyss species.

"Howl Howl!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The group of Abyss species roared in response, not daring to disobey their leader's orders.

"Let's go, we'll check the situation ahead, don't let anyone discover us."

Poison nine said to the other two underlings that had the undying emperor level 9 abyss species.

"Yes!"

The two nodded, immediately getting closer.