Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2733: , within the intense abyss battlefield

"Everyone be careful, ahead of us is the Abyss race, there are 10 Undying Emperor Level 8 Abyss races, 600 Undying Emperors, the remaining 300,000 or so!"

"We have to finish this quickly!"

As poison 9 and the rest were scouting ahead, the old man's voice reached everyone's ears.

"Uncle, we've discovered the Abyss races ahead."

"Alert the surroundings, everyone get ready!"

They all reported and gave orders, over 1,000 undying emperors were excited.

At the very front, over 10 people were observing the abyss races ahead, Their Eyes Gleaming.

"3 undying level 8 abyss races are in the center."

"2 are 50 million km to the right!"

"5 are 60 million km to the left!"

Information came one after another, the group began to adjust their formation.

"There are a few seeds on alert, they are coming to our side, attack."

The order to attack was given, the orderly team immediately moved forward, charging towards the seeds.

"Kill!"

A cold voice came from the Undying Level 9 old man at the front, he charged towards the 5 undying level 8 abyss seeds on the left.

The terrifying power immediately covered them.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The group of Abyss seeds saw the sudden appearance of the humans, they immediately roared and charged towards them.

"Stupid Beasts, you dare to invade our imperial court, die!"

The imperial court powerhouses immediately released terrifying attacks and attacked the abyssal races.

With their powerful strength, tens of thousands of abyssal races were killed in an instant.

Under the situation of pre-detection and under the suppression of their strength, it was much easier for them to kill the abyssal races.

This was also the reason why the imperial court gradually gained the upper hand.

After all, the abyssal races did not have the intelligence of humans. It was already the limit for them to be able to set up a favorable terrain.

It was impossible for them to form an army formation.

As for their detection, the effect could not be compared to that of humans.

"I estimate that they will be able to kill all the abyssal seeds within five minutes. You Go to the back and make preparations to cut off their escape route."

The abyssal seeds did not have strong detection abilities, but the members of the drug manufacturing department did.

At this time, Poison 9 and 2 members of the Poison Department were hiding behind a meteorite, watching the battle from afar.

Poison 9 and the others were all parasitic undying level 9 abyss species. With the investigative abilities of the team ahead, they couldn't detect them at all.

"Yes!"

A member of the poison department nodded and immediately flew back, gathering a group of Abyss species to fly over.

Following that, poison nine ordered another member to scout the surroundings to ensure that when the time came to act, there would be no human reinforcements.

"Don't make a sound. Each of you will lead a small team to surround them and cut off their escape Route!"

A group of abyssal seeds flew over. Poison nine immediately ordered a group of over 6,000 parasitic members.

"Roar Roar!"

A group of parasitic members immediately let out low roars in response. Each of them led a small group of abyssal seeds and flew towards the right front.

At the front, the battle continued. At the back, the members of the poison department led the abyssal seeds and weaved a large net.

They quietly waited for their arrival.

"Die!"

Just as poison nine had expected, five minutes later, all the abyssal seeds were killed!

"Hahaha, a bunch of beasts, they still want to fight with us!"

An expert could not help but shout excitedly.

"Martial uncle, only a dozen or so are seriously injured, not a single one died, a great victory!"

A middle-aged man reported happily.

"Alright, put away all the corpses of the abyssal seeds, we'll go back and rest for a few days before returning."

The leading old man also said in a good mood.

"Yes!"

The rest of the group immediately nodded excitedly and put away all the spoils of war with smiles on their faces.

"Return!"

A shout rang out, and the group of 1,000 people flew out of the Abyss with smiles on their faces.

Compared to when they had arrived, they were now much more relaxed. Even their formation was somewhat loose.

The old man in the lead did not say anything. They had not fought for long, and there would not be any danger on the way back.

"Eh? Not Good, be careful!"

The group flew out. After flying for a few hundred kilometers, the old ancestor in the lead suddenly felt that something was wrong. A bad premonition came over, and his expression changed drastically. He immediately roared loudly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, roars sounded.

Abyss seeds rapidly rushed out from behind the meteorites in the surroundings.

The leader, Poison Nine and the other two locked onto the old man in the middle, their eyes filled with violent killing intent.

"There's an abyssal seed ambush!"

"How is this possible? Why are they suddenly ambushing the surroundings?"

"Be careful!"

At this moment, the expressions of the experts from the imperial court changed drastically, and they immediately picked up the weapons in their hands.

"Roar Roar!"

However, before they could react, the abyssal seeds that blotted out the sky and covered the earth had already charged over.

"Damn, this abyss species is very strong, we can't fight them, flee!"

The leading old man felt the terrifying power of poison nine and the others and immediately shouted.

Three undying level 9 abyss species were enough to take his life.

What's more, from his senses, there were a total of 15 undying level 8 species in this group, completely crushing them.

At least three times their strength.

This made him extremely fearful.

How did this group of Abyss species suddenly come to their back and ambush them here.

The Abyss species didn't have such intelligence. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

However, the scene before them made them have no choice but to believe.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Poison 9 and the rest locked onto this undying level 9 warrior. Seeing that he wanted to escape, their sharp claws clawed at him.

In terms of coordination, it was definitely not something the other abyss species could compare to.

"Damn it, they actually sealed all my positions, these 3 abyss species often work together to fight."

Seeing the 3 abyss species sealing him, his heart sank, an ugly expression appearing on his face.

He knew that he was in trouble this time, huge trouble.

"Not good, there are too many abyss species, the other party's strength is too strong, there are thousands of undying level emperors."

"AH, they actually have over a dozen undying Emperor Level 8 abyss seeds, save me!"

At this time, a panicked voice came from the side, causing the old man's heart to sink.

It was over!

This time, not only was it hard for him to escape, the rest of them could all be destroyed. Howl

Howl

Poison 9's furious howl resounded, the three surrounded the old man and attacked fiercely.

Some experts of the imperial court had already died down below.

It was only a matter of time before this battle wiped out all of them.

The Revenge of the Dragon Palace had also officially begun!