Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2734: 2,734 tragic Abyss battlefield

The battle lasted for half an hour.

The result was no surprise, even though over 100,000 of the abyss seeds died, the imperial court didn't leave a single one.

"Half an hour is too long, our strength is three times that of the enemy, yet we still took half an hour to kill them."

"We need to review this, our advantage is sneak attacks, while ensuring victory, we can let our spies within the Emperor Court to Intentionally Force A Level 9 undying to retreat to the side of the emperor, and then launch a Sneak Attack!"

"If that's the case, dealing with an undying level 9 should be ten times faster."

After the battle ended, Poison 9 stood there muttering.

"3rd boss, all the corpses have been collected. From their group, we've even gotten quite a number of abyssal seed corpses and many treasures."

At this time, a poison department member flew over and smiled at Poison 9.

"That's not bad, killing them will give us two portions of the harvest."

Poison nine revealed a smile on his face.

"Let's go. Before brother Mo Sha and the rest contact us, let's go and hunt some abyssal seeds to replenish the strength of our tribe."

As he spoke, he led the group of abyssal seeds and left immediately.

"Dragon King, the first team has been dealt with by poison nine and the rest. Not a single one is left."

At a spot in front of the entrance of the Abyss, Mo Sha received a message from poison nine and said with a smile on his face.

"Alright, let's continue!" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Wang Xian nodded his head.

At this moment, he was like a big BOSS in the dark, watching his subordinates hunting down everything.

He smiled gently.

Next, when the abyssal seed gained intelligence, and when the imperial court had the dark line of the abyssal seed.

When the experts of the imperial court were all kept in the dark, and when they entered the territory of the abyssal seed.

Everything would create a tragic abyssal battlefield.

"According to some news, many powerhouses have died in the abyss this month. I heard that there are at least tens of thousands of them!"

"Many teams of the imperial court were directly annihilated. Many elders level powerhouses have died. The current Abyss is too dangerous!"

"Indeed, many powerhouses have died. Could it be that a powerful abyssal seed has appeared in the Abyss This Month?"

A month had passed. Those at the front lines of the imperial court and the AI were panicking these few days.

During this period of time, the number of people who had died suddenly increased explosively.

This number of deaths was something that even some of the experts, elders, and deacons within the imperial court could feel.

Some clans and divisions hadn't seen a single person for a few days. They entered the Abyss and never returned.

This made many experts extremely fearful.

With such a high death rate, who would dare to enter the abyss.

Some experts who had come to the imperial court to do meritorious deeds had stopped entering the abyss after noticing some changes. This made the situation on the battlefield even more tense and dangerous.

"Everyone, what's the situation in the Abyss recently?"

At that moment, within a planet's main hall, old men slowly appeared.

The last one was holding a walking stick and had white hair and a long beard.

"We haven't found out anything about the situation in the abyss, but over the past month, over 10 teams from our imperial court have entered and never come out."

"Over 15,000 undying emperors may have died there."

An old man said with a solemn expression, frowning.

"How many elders have gone missing?"

The old man with the walking stick asked.

"11,11 elders have fallen. The death rate has been too high recently, the situation is getting urgent."

The old man who replied shook his head, frowning slightly.

"The abyss here can not have any problems, the Ping Yi battlefield is about to erupt, we have to stabilize this place first."

The old man with the walking stick said in a deep voice.

"I will personally go and check it out in the next two days."

An old man said.

"You guys have to stabilize things here. The Divine Kingdom of the Night Cold Empire is about to open. We old guys are going to enter and take a look."

The old man with the walking stick said.

"Great-uncle, don't worry about pursuing opportunities. Leave this place to us."

An old man said with a smile.

"Alright."

The old man with the walking stick nodded with a smile and disappeared.

Around them, half of the old men followed him and disappeared. Soon, there were only five people in the hall.

"It's time to investigate the situation in the abyss. Our disciples have fallen a lot during this period of time."

The leading old man among the five said.

"I'll go check again tomorrow."

An elder on the left said.

"I'll follow behind a team to see if there are any special abyss species."

An elder on the right also said.

"Good, we have to stabilize this side. Otherwise, it'll be even more difficult if the war over at Pingyi erupts."

They nodded and slowly disappeared.

"Dragon King, the harvest this time is not bad. We have obtained a total of fifteen immortal King Level 9 corpses. Eleven of them are elders of the imperial court."

At the entrance of the Abyss, Poison Nine and the rest met with Wang Xian and spoke excitedly.

This time, poison nine and the rest had stayed in the Abyss for a month. After a month's harvest, they had obtained more than 20,000 immortal king level corpses.

Most of them were the corpses of the powerhouses of the imperial court.

"Boss Dragon King, why don't you increase my strength?"

Mo sha rubbed his hands and said to Wang Xian with a smile.

"Sure!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded his head.

"After you increase your strength, you can enter the Abyss and let poison nine deal with the parasites of the imperial court."

He added.

"I know."

Mo sha nodded and looked at poison nine. "For the time being, all of you should stop. Wait until my strength has broken through before taking action."

In the past few days, Wang Xian, Mo Sha, and the rest had been paying attention to the situation on the imperial court's side.

At the same time, they were paying close attention to some information on the AI.

The imperial court had lost so many experts in the past month that it had caused some panic.

Many powerhouses of the imperial court reported this matter to the elders and guardians.

They could guess that the imperial court would definitely react to this.

At the very least, they would send peak immortal king level powerhouses over to investigate.

This required the poison horned dragon species that entered the abyss to have peak immortal king level existences. Otherwise, it would be very easy for problems to occur.

"Yes!"

Poison nine nodded his head.

"Weng."

At this moment, Wang Xian's communication stone trembled. When he saw the message sent by the Ba Qi, he squinted his eyes.

"The god country of the night cold god Emperor is about to open."

He muttered as he looked at this message.

God Emperor Night Cold Was a void God emperor from hundreds of millions of years ago. The current night Cold Island was named after God Emperor Night Cold.

At the same time, the members of the night race were also descendants of God Emperor Night Cold.