Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2735: , a great thief he was familiar with

God Emperor Ye Leng's God country was the most precious treasure of the night race. No one could enter the center of the God country.

The God country would open once every 100,000 years. It was said that anyone who could enter the god country would have a chance to break through to the void God Emperor Realm and travel through the void.

Every time it opened, as the strongest faction in the Imperial Star Field, the imperial court would naturally send experts to enter.

The night race had no way of dealing with the experts from the imperial court. They might as well curry favor with the imperial court and welcome them to search for opportunities.

The night race was so tactful. This also resulted in the good relationship between the night race and the imperial court.

This time, God Emperor Ye Leng's divine kingdom was opened once again. The experts at the peak of the Immortal King realm of the imperial court were qualified to enter. At the same time, the two forefathers of the World Horizon Great sect were also qualified.

"A remnant kingdom of the void God Emperor. This is not a small opportunity."

Wang Xian muttered.

It was a pity that the Dragon Palace did not have the qualifications to enter. The people of the night clan and the imperial court could not allow the people of the Dragon Palace to enter either.

"Continue to improve. These resources will allow the Dragon Palace to receive a huge boost once again."

He thought to himself.

Mo Sha was able to rise to peak-stage immortal king. Along with the eight-point Heaven Array AO Qitian and the Dragon Machine, the Dragon Palace could be considered to have five peak-stage immortal king experts.

Along with the sky formation being able to take on a few at the same level, the Dragon Palace could take on 10 pinnacle undying fighters.

Of course, this had to be done in advance.

As for the god King Level 9 fighters, the poison department could reach 14 after this upgrade.

Other than them, the Dragon Palace had 30 undying level 9 fighters.

44 level 9 fighters.

This power was very strong!

In the next half a month, the members of the Poison Making Department all went silent. Other than the members of the imperial court leeching on some of the higher ranking figures, there were no other gains.

However, Wang Xian was still rather satisfied with the lack of gains.

With the recent improvements of the poison making department, the number of undying level 8 powerhouses had increased by more than 100. In the past half a month, the poison horned dragon had leeched over 20 undying level 8 powerhouses of the imperial court.

Level 8 warriors were considered executors in the imperial court, they were considered mid to high level warriors.

"What's going on, there's nothing special about the imperial court? Why did they suddenly lose so many people last month?"

And in this half a month, the two elders of the imperial court had investigated several times, but there were no results.

And in this half a month, some of the teams that entered the Abyss had almost the same number of casualties as before.

Such a situation made the few guardians of the imperial court frown.

It would have been fine if it had been an accident last month, but if it had not been an accident, it would have been dangerous.

That meant that a pair of eyes were watching them.

"Let's observe in secret for a few more days."

The few guardians could not keep exploring the abyss. They often entered the abyss, which would attract the attention of the peak abyssal species in the abyss.

Once locked on by a few of the king's most powerful abyssal seeds, they are all in grave danger.

"Jie Jie Jie, immortal god King Peak!"

At this time, located in the Dragon Palace, Mosha face excited to float in the sky of the Dragon Pool, excited to roar.

"Go, it will be safer for you to go into the Abyss when you are stronger."

Wang Xian said to Mosha with a smile on his face.

During this half a month, Wang Xian returned to the Dragon Palace.

"Alright, Dragon King. With my current strength, I can form a huge tribe with tens of millions of abyss seeds in the Abyss."

Mo Sha said with a smile.

The strength of a peak immortal king was at its peak in the Abyss battlefield.

If he could find an opportunity to parasitize a peak abyss seed, he would be able to control a huge tribe with tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of abyss seeds.

"It's not easy to parasitize a peak-level immortal king-level abyssal seed. We also have to pay attention to whether this level of abyssal seed would attract the attention of an emperor-level abyssal seed."

Wang Xian said faintly.

"Don't worry, Dragon King. I will consider it."

Mo Sha nodded his head.

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. He and the 9,000 members of the poison making department immediately flew towards the imperial court battlefield.

In the entire Dragon Palace, Prime Minister Gui, Heaven Array, and Ba Qi and Mo Sha were the ones who he was most at ease with.

In terms of cunning and insidious, Heaven Array might not even be as good as Ba Qi and Mo Sha.

These two fellows could be said to be pure villains. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

If the Dragon Palace didn't have Wang Xian to restrain them, they would probably be the villains and criminals in the starry skies of the universe.

The members of the poison making department entered the mother nest while Wang Xian heaven array and Mo Sha were transported through the teleportation formation.

Boom! Boom! Boom

"Keke! Keke!"

"All of you trash from the imperial court, just wait for your deaths. Keke! Sooner or later, we will exterminate you all!"

When Wang Xian and the rest came out from the teleportation planet at the front line, a huge rumbling sound was heard.

Wang Xian and the rest were stunned for a moment. They realized that the planet beneath them was cracking slowly.

They moved and quickly dodged to the side.

Following that, a voice filled with ridicule rang out.

Upon hearing this voice, everyone on the surrounding planets was slightly shocked. Their faces revealed a look of shock

"You're courting death!"

"You dare to steal from our imperial court. Stay Here!"

At this moment, two voices filled with anger came from a planet. In an instant, five vast figures flew out and attacked from afar.

"TSK TSK TSK, you think you can keep me here? !"

"Our revenge has just begun. The imperial court, wait for Destruction!"

"Pay a heavy price for everything you've Done!"

The mocking voice continued to come from afar, followed by the voice getting further and further away.

The five protectors of the imperial court left a trace behind with a terrifying power and chased after them.

"D * mn, what's Going On? Stealing the treasures of the imperial court? Is it that fierce?"

"Who is this hero? He must be a good friend!"

Mo Sha, who was by the side, heard the arrogant tone of the voice and said with a stunned expression.

Who in the entire imperial star field would dare to steal the treasures of the imperial court under the protection of the five guardians of the Imperial Court?

"This voice and this aura."

Hovering in the sky, Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he looked in the direction where the voice had disappeared. He frowned slightly.

This voice, this tone, and the remaining faint aura gave him a very familiar feeling.

He remembered that when he was in the boundless star field, there was a person who stole the treasure of the Eternal Thunderbolt. At that time, the Lord of the Thunderbolt was extremely furious.

And this aura made Wang Xian have an aura of origin that was close to him. It was as if this aura came from his own body.

"Is it him? Back then, out of the Nine Dragon Souls on Earth, eight of them have already been obtained by him. Only one of them is outside."

"He is also the only one who obtained the Earth Dragon Soul, the son of Heaven."