Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2736: someone was about to become the god

A familiar voice and a familiar aura.

The son of the Earth Dragon could be said to be the true son of the Dragon God. The fact that he was able to tangle with five peak-stage immortal king meant that he had completely become the Earth Dragon God.

"The son of the Earth dragon is here. Could it be related to Qing Yue and the rest?"

Wang Xian recalled the words of the voice and mumbled.

Our revenge has just begun?

The Earth Dragon's son of Heaven's revenge. Who else's Revenge?

"Who is that person? He actually plundered all the treasures in the Merit Exchange Hall. I heard that the interspatial ring that was used to store the corpses of the abyss seeds was stolen by that person!"

"Who is that person from? How dare he do such a crazy thing? How dare he snatch the treasures of the imperial court here? Hiss!"

"A pinnacle undying emperor warrior, that person is a pinnacle undying emperor, does he have a grudge with the imperial court?"

"The merit exchange shop has many treasures, especially the corpses of the abyss seeds, who knows how many days they've accumulated."

At this time, the surroundings were filled with shocked discussions.

Someone dared to rob the imperial court, this was extremely shocking news.

The majestic imperial court had stood in the Emperor Star Field for hundreds of millions of years. It had dominated the emperor star field for hundreds of millions of years. It was one of the strongest forces in the entire resplendent starry sky.

There was actually someone who dared to come here and create trouble for the faction that the void God Emperor was overseeing.

He even said that he wanted to destroy the imperial court. One could imagine how shocking this was.

"The entire teleportation planet has been destroyed. All the merit exchange halls on it have been robbed. This is really a talent."

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and saw that the entire planet had been cracked open. One Hall after another had been destroyed. A faint smile appeared on his face.

"He is indeed a talent."

Mo Sha, who was at the side, was also slightly impressed. This level of theft was very strong.

"Let's go. Let's continue to add some happiness to the imperial court."

The corners of Wang Xian's mouth curled up slightly as he flew straight into the abyss.

Mo Sha and the rest immediately followed behind.

"Damn it, that damn fellow. All the abyss seeds that our imperial court has accumulated over the past two months have been stolen by that fellow!"

In front of a starry sky, an unnamed old man stood in the Void as he roared with an extremely embarrassed expression.

It had been a long time since they were this angry.

Even during the Battle of the Abyss, even half a month ago when a batch of powerhouses from the imperial court went missing in the abyss, they were not this angry.

This time, they were really angry.

Firstly, it was because someone had provoked their imperial court. Secondly, the losses this time were too great.

At the teleportation planet, all the abyssal seeds that the powerhouses had hunted for the past two months were gathered. After they exchanged for merits, the corpses of the abyssal seeds had been placed there.

In their opinion, would anyone still dare to come to their imperial court to cause trouble?

No one!

Therefore, they had never thought that someone would steal all the abyssal seeds'corpses today.

Moreover, there were also a large number of medicinal pills and other treasures.

The loss of these items would cause even their imperial court to feel heartache.

If their god Emperor great ancestor knew, he would definitely be incomparably furious.

"It's that fellow from the behemoth-type abyssal seed. I didn't expect him to cross such a long distance to come to our side. Damn it. Half a month ago, our imperial court's experts suffered so many casualties. It must be him who did it!"

An old man said with killing intent.

"Those huge beast type abyss seeds were the biggest mistake our Emperor Court made back then, and also our biggest negligence. However before long, we will definitely wipe them all out."

An old man roared with killing intent.

"Let's go back, this time it's our negligence."

An old man's eyes gleamed as he said, turning and flying towards the front line of the Emperor Court's Abyss battlefield.

The other four people followed behind helplessly.

"Little ones, follow me. This time, I want to parasitize a peak-level immortal god King Abyss Seed. Next, watch my performance."

In front of the Abyss, Mo Sha led more than 8,000 subordinates into the Abyss with a face full of fighting spirit.

Wang Xian watched quietly from behind.

In the next few days, everyone was still in the shock of the imperial court being robbed. The AI was discussing this matter.

The situation in the Abyss was much calmer.

What made Wang Xian curious was that the imperial court had released a piece of news. Half a month ago, a large number of disciples in the Abyss had died. It was related to the person who stole the treasures of the imperial court.

When Wang Xian saw this news, he was slightly stunned. His face was filled with astonishment. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He didn't expect the imperial court to blame the son of Heaven Earth Dragon for this.

However, based on the current situation, only the son of Heaven Earth Dragon had such a motive. Who would have thought that there would be such an existence like the Dragon Palace's poison making department?

"It's good to give the blame to the son of Heaven Earth Dragon."

He smiled gently and sat steadily in front of the Abyss entrance. He looked at the information on the AI and communicated with Fiend Eight Qi and the others from time to time.

Currently, eight Qi was the sect master of the great sect of the world's end. There was nothing much going on.

Furthermore, half a month ago, the two forefathers of the world margin sect had gone to the cold night island to enter the god Emperor God Country, and eight points was the boss.

He could even destroy the world margin sect whenever he wanted to.

However, the two forefathers of the world margin sect had yet to be killed, and eight points had yet to destroy the remaining disciples and experts of the world margin sect.

Time passed day by day, and Mo Sha, in his words, was developing in a wretched manner.

They led their underlings into a large race of Abyss, the entire race was close to a hundred million abyss species, led by a pinnacle undying god King.

He was thinking of a way to parasitize this pinnacle undying god King.

According to his plan, it would take some time before he could gain the trust of this pinnacle god King, and find an opportunity to use poison to heavily injure him.

After he was severely injured, he would successfully parasitize and use the vitality liquid to recover to his peak.

This was Mo Sha's plan.

Wang Xian did not rush him. Once he parasitized a peak-stage king god Abyss species, it would be much more convenient for him to kill the abyss species or the powerhouses of the imperial court.

In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed.

Boom! Boom! Boom

"You are my descendant. You are qualified to inherit my mantle."

Half a month later, on the Cold Night Island.

At the center of the Cold Night Island, there was a rain field that covered a radius of billions of kilometers.

This area was covered by rain all year round.

The vast and heavy rain had been falling for hundreds of millions of years.

And at this moment, at the center of the Rain Field, there was a gray palace standing in the center.

The entire palace had 81 side halls, and the central hall was about ten thousand kilometers in size.

The palace was not very big in the entire rain region, but at this moment, it was emitting an incomparably vast divine radiance.

The Divine Kingdom, which was dead silent a moment ago, was slowly emitting a luster at this moment.

The surrounding rain water also slowly turned into rain mist, becoming hazy.

At this moment, a voice filled with pressure, like the voice of the nine heavens, resounded throughout the entire region.

When they heard this voice, the bodies of the millions of people around the rain region trembled.

Someone will inherit the mantle of a god-emperor, and a god-emperor will be born!