Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2737: Someone was about to become an emperor

"You are my descendant. Do you have the right to inherit this god Emperor's mantle? This Is? ... This means that our night race will have a god Emperor."

"Hahaha, Tianxing our night race. Hahaha, our night race has a god Emperor. I wonder which ancestor obtained the mantle of ancestor ye Leng."

"That's great, that's great. Our night race can rebuild its glory again. God Emperor, void God Emperor!"

Every opening of the god Emperor Divine Kingdom in the surrounding rain domain was a crucial matter for the entire night race.

They prayed that an ancestor would be able to obtain the mantle and regain its glory.

This time, an ancestor finally succeeded.

"Weng!"

At this moment, the area in front of them trembled. A palace door in the sky above the divine kingdom suddenly opened slowly.

More than ten figures flew out from inside.

"Congratulations to the night clan. Patriarch ye Yuan has obtained the inheritance and inherited the legacy of the late Emperor!"

A group of people flew out. Some of the imperial court's protectors congratulated them.

"Hahaha, Big Brother has inherited the legacy. Our night clan finally has another divine emperor expert born."

Among the more than ten people who flew over, an elder shouted with a flushed face.

"Congratulations, patriarch, for inheriting the mantle and becoming an Emperor!"

"Congratulations, patriarch, for inheriting the mantle and becoming an Emperor!"

...

The surrounding millions of people immediately knelt in the direction of the Void God nation and shouted excitedly.

"Hahaha, today, I have inherited the mantle of the ancestor and restored the might of the night race. At the same time, I also thank the imperial court for taking care of me. In the future, the imperial court will be the best ally of the night race!"

"I was able to obtain the inheritance of my ancestor this time thanks to the full support of the two forefathers of the Heaven's end great sect. From now on, the Heaven's end great sect will be the most loyal friend of our night clan. The matter of the Heaven's end will be the matter of our night clan."

"All of you, obey my orders!"

At this moment, a vast voice came from the highest palace of the Divine Empire.

The moment his voice faded, the two elders flew out.

The two of them were similarly filled with excitement and excitement.

The two of them were very lucky to enter the god-emperor divine kingdom this time and had walked to the end.

However, they were not after God Emperor Ye Leng, so they did not have the qualifications to inherit the god-emperor's mantle and inherit the Void God Kingdom.

However, they had helped an ancestor of the night race obtain the throne.

Furthermore, they had agreed that the night race would help their world horizon great religion do something.

That ancestor of the night race, Ye Yuan, was naturally so excited that he agreed without any hesitation.

He directly promised that the night race and the World Horizon Great Religion would be his best friends and that the matters of the World Horizon would be his matters in the future!

To be able to obtain the promise of a void God emperor, this trip would be a huge profit.

In the future, in the entire Emperor Star Field, their world margin great religion was second only to the imperial court's night race.

The rise of the world margin great religion was just around the corner!

"All of you, Obey!"

Everyone from the night race immediately responded loudly.

The birth of a void God Emperor, all the night race members knew what this meant.

They naturally followed the old ancestor's orders 100% .

"After I enter closed-door cultivation for a few months, I will lift up the Void God Nation!"

After the last voice came from the palace, the palace door slowly closed.

"Congratulations to everyone from the night race. We will take our leave. When God Emperor Day and night abyss lifts up the void God nation, our great ancestor will come to congratulate you!"

The group of imperial court protectors cupped their hands at the night race ancestors before leaving.

"Imperial Court Guardians, Take Care!"

The few night clan forefathers cupped their hands with smiles on their faces.

"Two members of the world margin great sect, my elder brother is able to inherit our ancestor's legacy this time. Thank you for your help. In the future, the world margin great sect will be our night clan's benefactor."

After the imperial court guardians left, the few night clan forefathers immediately looked at the two forefathers of the world margin great sect who had disappeared in front of the divine kingdom.

They spoke very politely and warmly.

They also knew that the reason why ye Yuan could become a god emperor this time was because of the help of these two.

Ye Yuan would naturally repay them, and so would their night race.

"The mantle of the ancestors of the night race can only be inherited by the members of the night race. We only helped a little!"

The two ancestors of the world margin replied politely.

"Haha, Our Night Clan will never forget your kindness. Our God Emperor also said that your matters will be our matters in the future!"

"Our night clan knows that some small matters have happened in the world end great sect. Don't worry, our night clan will help you settle them!"

A Night clan forefather said with a smile and a relaxed expression.

"Thank you, everyone from the Night Clan!"

When World Margin Patriarch and the others heard this, they clenched their fists and bowed to express their gratitude.

"Hahaha, we should be thanking the two of you!"

Everyone from the night clan laughed loudly.

"Father, grandfather, the patriarch is going to become a god Emperor. That's great, that's Great!"

At this moment, a young man walked over excitedly and said to the current night clan patriarch and the others.

"Haha, that's right, young emperor. After your ancestor lifts up the void God country, I'll ask the ancestor to help you raise your strength. God emperors have unfathomable means, and they can directly raise you to the Undying God King Realm."

The night clan leader smiled and patted the young man's head.

Young Emperor Ye was the first child he wanted after breaking through to the peak undying god King realm. It could be said that he was the son of an old man, and he doted on him very much.

This time, it was his direct ancestor's breakthrough. His position and his son's position were no longer the same as before.

"Yes, thank you father."

Young Emperor Ye's eyes revealed an excited expression. With his ancestor becoming a god emperor, his position would undergo an earth-shattering change.

In the past, if one said that he was the young master of the night clan, with a noble status, some of the Warriors and disciples of the imperial court could completely ignore him, even offending him wasn't a big deal.

The experts of the other large sects could also completely disregard him.

But it was different now. His ancestor was the divine emperor.

Now, other than the divine emperor's son and the top experts of the imperial court, everyone in the entire imperial star field gave him face.

The leader of the large sects? The ancestor of the large sects?

He had to be polite when meeting him.

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

At this moment, a dark look flashed across his eyes.

Not long ago, he was the one who forced him to kneel and humiliate him. This grudge...

A cold glint flashed across his eyes as he looked at Patriarch Horizon and the others with a smile.

The supreme sect had a grudge against the Dragon Palace, and he also had a grudge against the Dragon Palace.

"I want the Dragon King to kneel in front of me and beg for mercy!"

"And the Empress of the Emperor Star..."

Young Emperor Ye thought to himself.

The news regarding the rain domain on the night cold island was not immediately announced.

The current Ye clan, Ye Yuan, had yet to truly step into the realm of the celestial thearch. He still needed some time to absorb it.

When they were truly enemies, it would be the time for the world to celebrate.

Wang Xian did not know what happened on the Night Cold Island.

He also did not know that the threat of the Dragon Palace was being born.

However, Wang Xian received a piece of good news from Mo Sha.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the Abyss, a peak immortal king Abyss species raised its head excitedly and took out a communication stone plate to send out messages one after another.