Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2738: Crisis 2738

"The Demonic Fiend has succeeded!"

At a spot in front of the Abyss, Wang Xian smiled when he saw the message sent by the Demonic Fiend.

After more than half a month, he had been hiding beside a peak godly monarch level abyss seed for more than ten days.

Today, he finally managed to parasitize it.

After parasitizing it, the demonic fiend also managed to control the entire race.

Over 100 million abyss species, of which 10,000 were undying emperors, 10 were level 9 undying emperors, these 10 were all parasitized.

After controlling an entire race, Mosha could do many things.

At least, even if the Emperor Court had 2 or 3 Pinnacle Undying Emperors entering the abyss, Mosha wouldn't be afraid.

Within the Abyss, he knew how to use the terrain better than the other abyss species!

"Poison Nine, contact the demonic fiend and continue the hunt!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he said to poison nine.

"It's the Dragon King. He's already in contact with the Demonic Fiend."

Poison nine nodded immediately and said.

"The imperial court will suffer even more losses from the hunt this time."

Wang Xian's eyes flashed with a cold glint.

Currently, the 1,000 strong people from the poison making department had taken over the various squads of the imperial court. The Abyss also possessed sufficient strength.

Under the cooperation of both the inside and outside, as long as they entered the abyss, they would not be able to come out alive.

Everything that happened next was just as Wang Xian had expected.

In the next five days, three squads from the Imperial Court entered the abyss.

Three teams, about two thousand people, were all surrounded and killed by Mo Sha and the others.

With Mo Sha's command and the mole of the poisonous horned dragon, it was extremely easy to kill them.

Moreover, in just five days, the death of two thousand experts was too short and did not cause any ripples.

However, on the fifth day, Wang Xian suddenly received bad news from the Ba Qi.

"Dragon King, this is bad. F * CK, F * CK, F * ck. Over at the Cold Night Island, the Ye clan's patriarch ye Yuan is about to become the emperor. Ye Yuan was able to become the celestial emperor because of the help of the two patriarchs of the world's End!"

"Now, the two patriarchs of the world's end say that the matter of the world's end is the matter of the Ye clan. The Ye clan will help the world's end great sect to deal with our Dragon Palace. They also say that the celestial emperor will take action and destroy us directly!"

"In addition, the Patriarch of the world's end and the young master of the night clan, Young Emperor Ye, came over just now to discuss revenge with us. That Little Brat, Young Emperor Ye, actually disrespected you, Dragon King. Dragon King, May I have your instructions?"

When Wang Xian saw this news, he was slightly stunned. An extremely solemn expression appeared on his face.

There was an expert of the night clan who was about to become the celestial thearch. Furthermore, he would help the world's end sect to deal with their Dragon Palace!

"A celestial thearch is helping the world margin sect!"

Wang Xian's face sank and his brows were tightly knitted.

This could be said to be a huge crisis for the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King, the relationship between the imperial court and the night clan has always been very good. Now that a celestial thearch has appeared in the night clan, even if the night clan makes a move against us, the imperial court will definitely not say anything. In fact, they will even agree to it."

"However, Dragon King, I have an idea. If we can parasitize the two patriarchs of the world margin sect, the situation can be changed."

Ba Qi's message continued to be sent over. Wang Xian was deep in thought. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Did they say when they were going to attack us?"

Wang Xian asked Ba Qi with a sullen face.

"Dragon King, according to the news, it is possible that they will attack us after ye Yuan of the night clan has completely become a celestial thearch!"

"According to Patriarch Horizon, it will take a few months for ye Yuan to become the celestial emperor. We have to be prepared during these few months."

Ba Qi replied.

"A few months!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly.

If he were to parasitize the two patriarchs of the world margin sect, he could definitely do it within a few months.

This way, the crisis could be resolved.

"It shouldn't be a big problem!"

He muttered.

The resources at the Demonic Fiend's side were enough for the Dragon Palace to produce two peak-stage immortal King realm experts.

With the help of Ba Qi and the others, it wouldn't be difficult to parasitize the two patriarchs of the world margin sect.

"Keep an eye on the news from the night clan. I have to parasitize the two patriarchs of the world margin sect in advance."

Wang Xian sent a message to Ba Qi, asking him to pay attention to the situation.

"Yes!"

Ba Qi nodded.

With the alliance between the world margin sect and the night clan, there were experts from the night clan who had advanced to the void God Emperor realm. This brought some pressure to Wang Xian.

"Sky Array, how many peak immortal king experts do you think can fight against a void God Emperor?"

Wang Xian looked at the sky array and asked.

"Dragon King, the void God Emperor and the immortal king are a huge threshold. However, if I were to combine ten existences like AO qitian, who have just stepped into the void God Emperor Realm, I can definitely fight against a first level void God Emperor."

The sky array pondered for a moment and said.

In a cross-level battle, under normal circumstances, ten Dragon Palace members of the same level could fight against those who were one level higher than them.

However, there might be more of such a large realm.

"Ten?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. Apart from the Heaven Array, there were only four members of the Dragon Palace. It would be difficult to increase the number of members by six in a few months.

"Let's level up as soon as possible."

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. Once they really became enemies with the imperial court, the Dragon Palace would have to face almost the entire imperial star field.

At that time, the pressure would be even greater.

The current Dragon Palace was still too weak for such a behemoth.

At least, the Dragon Palace had more than 400,000 members, and not even half of them were godly monarchs.

Just the godly monarchs of the imperial court alone numbered in the millions. Wang Xian did not know the exact number.

In the next ten days or so, Mo sha and poison nine miles joined forces and began a frenzied massacre.

When more than ten days passed, the imperial court sensed another situation.

The number of the imperial court's powerhouses was decreasing at a terrifying speed.

In the past twenty days, all the powerhouses of the imperial court who entered the Abyss had not come out again.

The same situation happened more than a month ago.

"According to the feedback from all the disciples, all the teams and powerhouses of the imperial court who entered the imperial court have been killed. The problem has also happened on the night clan's side. We also found a situation. Some teams that don't belong to our imperial court and the night clan are safe and sound."

On a planet at the front line of the imperial court, 8 old men stood in a palace, one of them said with a slightly embarrassed expression.

"Is it that guy?"

An old man beside him said with a dark expression.

"I don't know, in just 20 days, over 20,000 of our undying emperors have died, and over 100,000 of our god Lord Level Disciples!"

The old man who spoke continued.

"Since the start of the Abyss War, over 70,000 to 80,000 of our emperor level disciples have died. Damn it, in these few days, we've entered the Abyss to Kill!"

An old man in the middle roared angrily.