Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chapter 2739: The 2739 abyssal seed had evolved? Go

"The eight of us can't all charge over directly. Otherwise, the same situation as before might happen. At most, two or three of us will lead a team into the Abyss."

"If we fight, it's best not to have more than five people!"

In the palace, an old man said.

The other seven people had grim expressions. They nodded slowly with unpleasant expressions.

If too many peak god-king level experts entered the abyss, it might attract the attention of the Black Magic System Abyss God-emperor. If this kind of existence's abyss seed flew over, it could easily kill them.

Even if it was a god-emperor level existence that did not charge over, as long as it roared angrily, it could instantly order all peak god-king level abyss seeds to surround and attack.

When the Abyss War had just erupted, the ten protectors of the imperial court had charged into the battlefield to wantonly kill the Abyss species. With a roar from the abyss, all the abyss species had surrounded and attacked it with all their might, one of the protectors had died under the siege of peak god-king abyss species.

Hence, the imperial court did not dare to let a large number of peak god-king experts enter to hunt for them for the time being.

"The two of US will lead the team and lead 200,000 disciples into the Abyss to hunt a large-scale abyssal race to relieve the pressure."

An elder looked to his side and said

"Alright, the two of us will go together."

Another elder immediately nodded.

"Be careful. Two of us will follow behind the other disciple teams to see what the situation is like. Who is targeting us, or is there a special abyssal race!"

The others said with sparkling eyes.

"Alright, let's split up!"

Everyone nodded and immediately got ready to move.

At the same time, Poison Nine also received this news from the parasitic poisonous horned dragon's subordinates.

Recently, many deacons and elders had reported to the guardian that a large number of teams had died.

More than twenty days in a row, the imperial court's team had entered the abyssal seed and never returned. There must be something fishy about it, and the imperial court would certainly be on guard and investigate.

When they started to form a team of 200,000, poison nine immediately received this information.

After all the information was sent to Mo Sha, he became slightly serious.

"Two Pinnacle Undying God King Warriors leading a team into the abyss? Other than them, there are probably other pinnacle god King Warriors doing other operations, we have to be careful."

He muttered, his eyes gleaming.

"How about we find allies and fight them head on!"

Mo Sha squinted, his eyes gleaming.

He had been in the Abyss for over two months, he had some understanding of the situation around here.

Currently, there were a total of 15 pinnacle undying emperor abyss species, at the same time, there were over 10 huge abyss species.

The largest one had at least a billion abyss species, with 3 peak undying Emperor Abyss species in the lead.

The other peak undying emperor abyss species all had at least 100 million abyss species under them.

They were all in their own positions, many of their underlings were free to move about.

If they could persuade a few of the Abyss species, when the Pinnacle Emperor brought his people over, they would charge over.

Who was afraid of Who!

"It's completely possible, we can fool them. As long as two or three races agree, even if three or four pinnacle emperor warriors come, they won't be afraid. Who knows, they might even kill a Pinnacle Emperor Warrior."

Mo Sha Muttered.

Very quickly, a few hours later, Mo Sha received the news that the two guards had already gathered 200,000 disciples and warriors to fly into the abyss.

Over 20,000 undying emperor level warriors, the rest were all eternal god Lord Level 8 and above.

They had locked onto a race with a pinnacle god King Abyss species guarding the border.

However, they didn't want to kill that pinnacle god King Abyss species, they only wanted to wipe out all of its underlings.

Upon receiving this news, Mo sha squinted his eyes.

His body moved, swiftly flying towards the larger abyss species that were closer.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Mosha flew over and roared at the leading peak god-king abyssal seed.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When the peak god-king abyssal seed saw him flying over, its ice-cold eyes stared at him and issued a warning.

Between the abyssal seeds, if it was not for the existence of a god-emperor level being suppressing them and ordering them not to allow them to kill each other, it was likely that they would kill each other without the need for humans to deal with them.

Even with the emperor level being suppressing them, the races were still on high alert.

It was hard for the two races to help each other and work together.

"There's a human warrior leading a large number of warriors to attack a race over there, let's go kill them together!"

Mo Sha sent a message.

"Howl Howl!"

The Pinnacle Undying Emperor roared, staring coldly at him without any response.

Mo Sha was helpless, he continued to speak.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

...

He roared at the Pinnacle Undying God King for over 10 minutes, only then did the Pinnacle Undying God king show hesitation.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Quick brother, we'll surround them, kill the human warriors and devour them, delicious food!"

Mo Sha continued to persuade the pit seed.

Howl

After close to 20 minutes, the Pinnacle God emperor pit seed finally had some interest, roaring.

"Quick quick, call your underlings and we'll head over immediately, the delicious food is waiting for us."

Howl Howl Howl

Mo Sha's mouth was dry as he howled.

Howl Howl

The Pinnacle Undying Emperor turned around and roared at his underlings.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Behind him, the underlings all roared.

"Howl!"

The underling stared at Mo Sha, gesturing for him to lead the way.

Mo Sha felt helpless within, he immediately nodded and led the way, calling his underlings of over a hundred million underlings along the way.

He had originally wanted to persuade a few more pinnacle god Emperor level underlings, after seeing the situation, he completely gave up on that idea.

Unless he used a powerful force to order them, otherwise it would be too hard to persuade a few pinnacle god Emperor level underlings to work together.

And in Mo Sha's eyes, these underlings were too brainless.

If you led your underlings to kill them, you had to secretly stab them in the back.

This abyssal seed was simply shouting from 100m away, "I'm going to stab you.".

Wasn't this clearly telling the enemy?

However, Mo Sha had no choice. The same level abyssal seeds wouldn't listen to his orders, they didn't care about him at all.

For him to be able to persuade it to work together was already not bad.

"We'll lock onto that pinnacle undying god King Abyss species, the rest will be left to you. Destroy this race, leave no one alive!"

At this moment, the two guardians of the imperial court had already led 200,000 disciples into the abyss.

They locked onto a large scale abyss species.

This battle was a battle of morale, raising the morale of the imperial court disciples!