Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2740: 2,740 abyssal seeds had evolved? Go

"Kill! With the Guardians here, we'll destroy this group of abyssal seeds!"

"Kill!"

The situation that had happened in the abyss the last time and the situation that had happened this time had indeed caused many imperial court powerhouses to be fearful.

In just two short times, more than 30,000 imperial court godly monarch powerhouses had fallen.

Among them, all the elder-level powerhouses had also died.

Many monarch god-king experts were already fearful of the current abyssal seed.

That was because they would be the ones to disappear the next time they entered the abyss.

This time, the protector personally led the team and led them to hunt the abyssal seed. Many experts also understood that this was to increase the morale of the monarch god-king experts.

And under the leadership of the two elders, the monarch god-king experts and disciples were indeed filled with confidence.

Staring at the 100 million over Abyss species before them, all the warriors and disciples charged forward.

"Pin that beast down!"

The two guardians stared coldly at the pinnacle undying Emperor Abyss species in the center, rushing over!

"Howl Howl!"

In the center of the Abyss species, the pinnacle undying emperor abyss species raised its head and stared coldly at the two warriors of the imperial court.

It wasn't afraid at all, charging straight at them.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

A terrifying aura spread out, the violent howl immediately ordered all of its underlings to charge at the humans.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

In an instant, an earth shattering howl resounded within a 10 billion km radius.

"Kill Kill Kill!"

The warriors of the imperial court locked onto the powerful Abyss races, an overwhelming energy spread out.

Battle, eruption!

This level of battle could be considered a relatively large-scale battle.

However, this kind of battle had happened more than a dozen times since the outbreak of the war.

It was not the first time that the imperial court's Guardians led teams into the Abyss to hunt abyssal seeds.

In the surroundings, some small-scale abyssal races immediately hid when they saw such power.

"Kill, Kill, we have a full-scale suppression on our side!"

The advantage of humans was that they could judge the situation and know how to make use of their own advantages.

As the saying went, if the enemy was weak, they would attack. If the enemy was strong, they would retreat. It was the same for the imperial court's side. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

They knew that the strength of this race was not as strong as their 200,000-strong army, so they attacked.

The abyssal races were a little dumbfounded. Under such circumstances, they were thinking of tearing apart all the humans and devouring them.

In an instant, the imperial court had gained quite a bit of suppression. The abyss seeds were all killed.

"Hahaha, awesome, Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The warriors of the imperial court were filled with fighting spirit as they killed the abyss seeds.

Powerful weapons lined up in formation to defend, the abyss seeds couldn't get in.

This made the warriors of the imperial court look excited.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Above, The Pinnacle Undying God King Abyss seed fought against the two emperor's guardians, roaring from time to time.

However, with the two guardians holding it back, it could only passively resist.

The two guardians knew it would be hard to kill it, they didn't fight it to the death.

The battle continued, in half an hour, at least 40 million of this race's abyss seeds had been killed!

"F * ck, this bunch of stupid fellows. They know that they can't win, yet they still don't run."

At this moment, Mo Sha, who was fooling an abyssal race, led a group of abyssal species and flew towards the battlefield.

When he saw the situation in front of him, he couldn't help but ridicule.

If he encountered such a situation, he would definitely lead his underlings and run away immediately.

And he would even flee to the other races of the Abyss, when that time came, would the humans still dare to chase?

"Big Brother, lead your underlings and charge over, I'll block their path of retreat!"

Mo Sha immediately roared at the Pinnacle Undying God king beside him.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

However, the pinnacle undying god King seemed to not hear him, his bloodthirsty eyes staring straight ahead at the battlefield, he roared.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The underlings behind it also raised their heads and roared.

It was as though they were telling the other side that they were coming.

Mo Sha's expression darkened when he heard their roars. If they knew how to cooperate and surround them from the back, wouldn't they be able to finish them all in one go?

"Damn it, what a stupid thing!"

Mo Sha Roared and ordered his underlings to follow behind him. He flew towards the back path of the Emperor Court's underlings.

What he wanted was to kill all of them, as for the two guards, with their strength, they couldn't kill them.

"HM? Shit, why are there other races here to help?"

At this time, in the air, the two guards that were restraining the Pinnacle Undying God King heard the roar from the side, their expressions changing.

"Why would there be other Abyss races supporting them, didn't the Abyss races not have orders from the strong and wouldn't support them? What's going on? Could it be that they've Evolved?"

The two imperial court guardians couldn't help but Howl.

In the past battles, the Abyss races rarely cooperated with each other, as for such support, they didn't have it at all.

Why would there suddenly be a powerful race rushing over to support them?

This made them doubt whether the abyssal races had evolved.

The powerful abyssal races were not retarded. It was just that the environment they lived in was filled with bloody slaughter and devouring evolution. There was basically no communication. The strong were king, so there were no other schemes.

There was only killing and killing!

When fighting with humans, the powerful abyssal seeds had undergone a slight evolution and knew how to provide support?

They guessed in their hearts.

If the demonic fiend knew their thoughts, it would definitely vomit blood.

In the mind of the powerful abyssal seeds, there were several orders from the divine emperor-level abyssal seeds. One was to prevent the abyssal seeds from killing each other.

The other was to help each other among the abyssal races.

The first order was executed by the Abyss species, the second order was not executed by the abyss species.

In the bones of the Abyss species, the other abyss species were also prey. To cooperate with each other like humans, it was basically impossible.

Maybe that God Emperor level existence knew about it and didn't bother about it.

"Stop them, we can't let that peak undying God emperor level abyss species charge into our imperial army!"

An imperial court guard roared with an ugly expression.

They realized a very serious problem, it was possible that the powerful abyss species'intelligence had increased.

Maybe this was also the reason why so many of the imperial court disciples were killed.

"All the imperial court disciples, retreat from the Abyss, retreat from the Abyss!"

Another imperial court elder immediately ordered.

The expedition this time was in trouble.

"Oh no, there are two more powerful large-scale abyssal races rushing over!"

"Maintain the formation, retreat to the rear, and retreat from the Abyss!"

Immediately, the dozen or so elders in the lead of the 200,000 people immediately ordered loudly.

They were also caught unprepared by the sudden attack of the two large-scale abyssal races!