Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2741: imperial court’s enlistment order

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The 200,000 powerhouses of the imperial court looked at the abyssal races that were attacking them with extremely grave expressions.

Under the Elder's hindrance, they retreated one by one.

At this time, Mo Sha and his subordinates were already about to rush to the position behind them.

Mo Sha originally wanted to cover the rear, but the reactions of the powerhouses of the imperial court were too fast, so they were unable to cut off the rear.

Even so, they were still able to clash head on with the 200,000 warriors.

With their strength, they were able to keep quite a number of them.

And the Abyss race that Mo Sha had used all their strength to lure over, chased after them.

The Pinnacle Undying God King Abyss race wouldn't help the one that was surrounded. Its blood red eyes stared at the 200,000 warriors, filled with bloodlust.

"Damn it, go block one and ask the other protectors to help!"

In the air, two protectors were surrounding a pinnacle undying emperor abyss seed. When they saw the two leaders of the Abyss races rushing towards their disciples, their expressions changed.

They only had two pinnacle undying emperors, they couldn't hold down three of them.

One of the protectors gritted his teeth and moved, swiftly attacking the closest Pinnacle Undying Emperor Abyss.

Sou

At the same time, a fiery red flame flew out from his body, bringing along a long and eye catching red line as it shot straight into the sky.

A very eye catching signal flare stood within the abyss, it could be seen from far away.

This was the Emperor Court's unique request for reinforcements.

And it was the highest level.

This time, not only were there two protectors, three of them had entered the abyss, however they were still searching for the reason why their disciple had gone missing recently.

"Hold on. Our Lord Protector of the imperial court will come over to support us very soon. Hold On!"

An elder shouted sternly when he saw the signal flare rise into the sky.

"Keke!"

The demonic demon parasitized the peak-stage king god Abyss seed let out a strange roar. He burst out with all his might and arrived in front of the 200,000 imperial court disciples.

"Not good. Defend. All attacks attack this abyss seed!"

An elder of the imperial court looked over, his heart couldn't help but tremble as he shouted with an ugly expression.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

In the next moment, waves of terrifying nomological power covered Mo Sha.

"Roar!"

Mo Sha Laughed Sinisterly and let out an angry roar. A wave of black flames directly charged forward.

"Bzzz bzzz!"

All the Black Flames were instantly corroded. In the next moment, Mo Sha's body had already charged forward.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

His 5,000 meter body directly attacked the group of people in front.

"Ah Ah Ah!"

When Mo Sha's attack arrived, a scream resounded.

In an instant, over 1,000 people in front were instantly killed by Mo Sha, he opened his mouth and swallowed them into his stomach to save them.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha excitedly raised his head and howled, his gaze staring at the Undying Level 9 elders within, he immediately attacked.

"Not good!"

"Protector, save us!"

"We can't Stop This Peak Undying Undying Abyss seed."

A terrified voice came from the Warriors and disciples of the imperial court. Facing the terrifying Mo Sha, they all dodged to the side.

Such an existence wasn't something they could fight against.

"Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha roared madly, rushing to an elder.

That Elder's body trembled.

"Ah, I'll fight it out with you!"

He let out an angry roar as a fist covered in flames shot towards Mo Sha.

"Peng!"

However, what greeted him was a huge claw that grabbed his body. The dark corrosive power was corroding his life force.

"Die!"

Mo Sha's wild tail swept out and instantly, around 5,000 to 6,000 people died under his attack.

"Run!"

An elder saw this scene and ordered with some fear.

The formation immediately spread out and everyone hurriedly hid in the surroundings.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However, in the short period of time when Mosha attacked, they missed the best time to leave the Abyss.

The group of abyssal seeds behind them had already approached.

There were two abyssal races and hundreds of millions of abyssal seeds. Among them, there were many powerful abyssal seeds.

With so many of them, how could they defend?

"Not good!"

"It's over, if the Guardian doesn't come over, we'll all be finished!"

When the 200,000 warriors of the imperial court saw the overwhelming number of abyss species attacking them, they were all panicking.

An undying pinnacle god King Abyss species was wreaking havoc here, and now there were hundreds of millions of them attacking.

In less than 10 minutes, they would be destroyed.

"Beast, you're courting death!"

At this time, an angry roar resounded, from afar, a silhouette with terrifying power rushed over.

Howl

Mo Sha's gaze swept over, seeing an imperial court guard rushing over, his face filled with fear.

Howl Howl Howl

His body moved, immediately attacking the surrounding imperial court warriors.

None of them could withstand his attacks.

The terrifying power raged, killing over 100 of them every second.

These were all emperor God warriors, and Mo Sha's targets were all above level 5.

Within a short period of time, the number of elders that had died at his hands had reached 3.

Moreover, when the protector of the imperial court rushed over, he could kill at least two more.

"Roar!"

Mo Sha's excited and savage roar sounded as he continued to kill the surrounding experts of the imperial court.

"We're almost there!"

After swallowing an elder, Mo sha sensed that the protector of the imperial court had flown over.

"Roar!"

His body moved and directly met the protector.

"Little ones, increase the speed of the hunt!"

At the same time, he transmitted his voice to the members of the poison making department.

"It's the Boss!"

"It's the Boss!"

The members of the poison making department immediately replied loudly.

Their bloodthirsty eyes stared at their targets and immediately charged over.

"Roar!"

"Why would two abyssal races suddenly appear!"

The imperial court's protector who flew over saw three races besieging the imperial court's disciples. He let out a furious roar with an extremely ugly expression and shouted loudly.

"This group of beasts seems to have evolved. They actually know how to support us. Some of our recent disciples should have died at the hands of their besieging!"

One of the imperial court's protectors replied with a gloomy face.

As for why only their imperial court's powerhouses had died more than the rest of the unspecialized teams, they had now automatically ignored it.

Because the support of these two races in front of them had caused their imperial court to suffer heavy losses. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"We'll hold off the peak abyssal seed. You guys charge out!"

The Last Guardian who arrived roared furiously.