Chapter 2742: imperial court’s enlistment order

"Escape, quick, quick, escape!"

"Ah Ah Ah, save me, I don't want to Die!"

"Form up and charge together!"

At this moment, the 200,000 people of the imperial court had been completely dispersed by the demonic specters.

Now that they were attacked by hundreds of millions of abyssal creatures, it was already very difficult for them to escape.

It was also somewhat difficult for them to form a team to charge.

"Everyone come to my side!"

At this time, an elder's voice sounded. He waved his arm and a hat like weapon floated in the air above him. It slowly expanded and became a domain.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

Around them, the attacks of the Abyss species landed on it and were blocked.

As the warriors of the imperial court, many of them had powerful trump cards and life saving methods.

This elder's life-saving treasure could only be broken by a pinnacle undying emperor.

Furthermore, everything within a 100m radius was covered.

He immediately brought a few hundred warriors and disciples into the area and rushed outside.

"You guys wait here, I'll come and save you later!"

He roared and flew outside.

"Ah! I'll fight it out with you!"

A deacon of the imperial court was surrounded by hundreds of powerful abyssal seeds. With a face full of despair, he roared and took out a ball that was shining with a luster.

"Boom!"

The next moment, the ball directly exploded. The terrifying destructive force formed a vacuum within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers.

All the abyssal seeds in the surroundings were all killed by the explosion.

Even hundreds of imperial court disciples were directly killed by the explosion.

Tens of thousands of abyssal seeds were directly killed. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

It was tragic, incomparably tragic.

Some of the imperial court powerhouses around saw this scene, and their faces revealed extremely embarrassed expressions.

"Damn it!"

In the sky, an imperial court protector swept his gaze below, and his expression was extremely embarrassed.

They originally wanted to personally lead a team to raise the morale of their disciples, but they didn't expect such an outcome.

Out of the 200,000 experts and disciples, it was already considered not bad to be able to escape one-tenth of them this time.

"Kill!"

"Die!"

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Following that, the fierce battle continued. Under the siege of a group of abyssal races, the 200,000 experts and disciples of the imperial court quickly died.

Half an hour later, only a few thousand people in the entire imperial court were struggling to survive.

The rest had either escaped or died.

"Let's go, don't get entangled with them!"

In the sky, the three guards looked extremely unsightly when they saw the situation.

One of them roared, wanting to get rid of the Undying Pinnacle Emperor Abyss seed.

The other two guards saw the situation and nodded helplessly.

They retreated out of the abyss.

The three pinnacle undying emperor abyss species couldn't stop them from leaving, they could only roar angrily.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha scanned his surroundings, the corners of his mouth curled up.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

He roared madly and immediately rushed over.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The other two pinnacle undying Emperor Abyss species also roared madly and rushed over.

In the void, there were many corpses of the abyss species. At this time, it was time to split the spoils!

The three leaders roared and the other abyss species immediately left the area.

Mo Sha stared at the high level corpses and immediately flew over.

"Howl Howl!"

The other two leaders roared at him.

"Howl Howl!"

"Howl Howl!"

Following that, what made Mosha feel helpless was that there were more roars. The three of them almost started fighting.

There was nothing they could do. The other two abyssal seed leaders wanted to obtain more corpses. Mosha told them for quite a while before distributing them.

"If there wasn't an order from a divine emperor-level abyssal seed existence, without his persuasion, they would probably start fighting over these corpses."

Mo Sha Muttered, this was also one of the reasons why it was hard for the abyss species to work together.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Mo Sha brought some corpses and roared at his underlings before leaving.

"How are the spoils of this battle? How much have we lost, Tally It Up!"

Mo Sha immediately communicated to his underlings.

"Roar Roar!"

A few undying level 9 underlings immediately nodded and began counting.

"Boss, 15 undying level 8 corpses, over 30 level 7 corpses, over 3,000 above!"

"13 brothers have fallen, some unlucky ones were killed by the terrifying weapon explosion, they have all been absorbed by the soul returning branches."

Very quickly, one of the underlings reported to him.

"Not bad!"

Mo Sha nodded indifferently, he still had 4 undying level 9 corpses in his stomach.

In his hand was the corpse of an undying level 9 abyssal seed, which had been killed by the emperor.

All in all, Mo Sha and the rest had gained quite a lot this time.

The Emperor had suffered heavy losses.

"Hu hu, the support of the abyssal races, could it be that these abyssal seeds have really evolved?"

At this time, at the entrance of the Abyss, the three guardians of the Emperor looked at the disciples in front of them with dark expressions.

There were 200,000 people when they came, but now there were only about 8,000 people, less than one-tenth of them.

It was supposed to be a battle of morale, and two guardians were leading the team, but it turned out to be this kind of situation.

This was a huge blow to the imperial court.

"Damn it!"

"It's possible that the abyssal seed has really evolved, and now it's going to be troublesome."

A guardian next to him growled angrily.

The stupidity of the abyssal species was not due to their brains, but because of their living environment.

Now that they had more contact with humans, they might also know how to think about how to unite and how to fight against humans.

This kind of evolution was indeed something that the imperial court did not want to see.

Once the abyssal species joined forces and cooperated, the imperial court would have to pay several times the price if they wanted to kill the abyssal species again.

This was the territory of the abyssal races to begin with. No matter how smart and cooperative they were, it would be difficult for the imperial court to withstand it.

"We must report this matter to the great ancestor!"

One of the protectors said in a deep voice.

The other two nodded in agreement.

As such, the danger of the abyssal battlefield had increased by a lot. They had to report this matter to the great ancestor.

Following that, everyone flew towards the frontline planet of the imperial court with an unpleasant expression.

What happened in the Abyss was quickly reported by Mo Sha.

When Wang Xian saw this information, a faint smile appeared on his face.

He continued to order Mo Sha to wait for an opportunity to take action and hunt down the abyssal seeds and the powerhouses of the imperial court.

However, on the second day, an extremely unexpected incident was reported to Wang Xian.

A message was sent directly to his artificial intelligence.

"Honorable Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, the outbreak of the Abyss War threatens the entire imperial star field and the entire human race. As a member of the human race, the Dragon Palace has been listed in the recruitment order by the imperial court. The Dragon Palace is required to send out at least two-thirds of their forces!"