Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2743: was the gathering of all the forces

There was a message with a sentence on top and a message about the situation of the forces of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian looked at the message and fell silent.

The communication device, the artificial intelligence, was manufactured by the imperial court and was also maintained by the imperial court.

As long as the imperial court wanted to, they could investigate the artificial intelligence of everyone. They would be able to find any communication records.

And on this information, it was about the imperial court's understanding of the Dragon Palace.

Dragon Palace, a Pinnacle Undying Formation Master, a normal pinnacle undying, with the powerful war machine Dragon Peak, and the powerful Treasure Sky Horizon ruler, they could contend against pinnacle undying fighters.

Dragon Palace, 23 Undying Level 9 fighters, 66 undying level 8 fighters.

There were 100,000 immortal king level and above powerhouses.

This was the imperial court's understanding of the Dragon Palace's strength, and it was transmitted to his brain.

When he saw this information, he pursed his lips. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Is this a forced recruitment? Order every force to send two-thirds of their forces to the Abyss Battlefield!"

He mumbled and frowned slightly.

Such a message could be considered an order.

Sending a message directly, how dare you not send people over?

Wang Xian could almost imagine that if he rejected the order of the imperial court, he would definitely suffer a devastating blow from the imperial court.

This was a mandatory requirement for all the forces to participate in this war.

"It's really overbearing. However, the imperial court also has the right to be overbearing!"

He mumbled and looked at the artificial intelligence in his hand.

With the artificial intelligence in his hand, the imperial court could already lock onto his exact location.

"It seems that using the communication stone plate to communicate is the better choice."

Wang Xian said indifferently, a thoughtful look on his face.

It was impossible for the Dragon Palace to disobey the imperial court's orders now. Based on the imperial court's understanding of the Dragon Palace, sending two-thirds of their forces meant that the Dragon Palace would be sending over 40,000 godly king powerhouses.

If they were to send over 15 level 9 immortal godly monarch powerhouses, they could choose not to send horizon ruler over, but they had to send over Dragon Peak.

"This force is about the force that the Dragon Palace revealed when they went to the Northern line. Now, the imperial court knows about it."

He calculated in his heart as he looked at sky array.

"Sky Array, go to the Dragon Palace and send Dragon Peak over. Get All the powerhouses from the Sky Eye Arrow Division and strange demon to come over."

Wang Xian said directly to sky array.

It was impossible for the Dragon Palace to turn a blind eye to the recruitment of the imperial court. It was also impossible for them to disobey it.

The imperial court had more than one divine emperor. Their orders could not be disobeyed.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Sky array nodded.

"The imperial court wants to use this method to reduce their losses."

Wang Xian could understand the thoughts of the imperial court. In the consecutive months of the Abyss War, the Imperial Court had lost nearly 100,000 divine kings.

They could only use this method to reduce the imperial court's losses.

If all the powerhouses of the imperial court were to come, the Abyss battlefield here would probably be solved.

After all, the combined forces of the entire imperial star field were still very powerful.

"There's one more thing. I Can't let some of the forces on the Demon Island get too close to the Dragon Palace. For example, the Beichuan sect's dragon Python Group."

Wang Xian calculated in his heart.

Due to the reason of the world margin sect and the situation with the night race, Wang Xian had to cut ties with these factions. Otherwise, he might be implicated in the future.

The situation was not good for the Dragon Palace.

The crisis of the night race had not been resolved a few months later.

Wang Xian moved his body and flew toward the planet in front of the imperial court battlefield.

"Have you heard? The imperial court has given an order that all the powerhouses in the imperial star field must enter the Abyss battlefield. All the slightly stronger forces must send out two-thirds of their forces!"

"Of course I've heard about it. This seems to be an order from the imperial court's Divine Emperor powerhouses. I heard that two guardians of the imperial court led 200,000 powerhouses and were attacked by the Abyss tribe yesterday. Almost all of the 200,000 powerhouses died."

"It's said that the Abyss is extremely dangerous now. That's why the imperial court issued this order. The imperial court's recruitment order. Who would dare to disobey it?"

When Wang Xian flew over, he could hear the endless discussions around him.

The huge losses suffered by the imperial court's strong warriors yesterday and the recruitment order issued by the imperial court today had shaken the entire imperial star field.

Wang Xian moved his body and flew toward the position of the Imperial Star Lady.

"Wang Xian!"

"Master!"

When Wang Xian and the rest rushed over, the imperial star lady and bei Shuang sensed his arrival and immediately went forward to welcome him.

"HMM? You guys didn't go out?"

Wang Xian looked at them and asked.

"Master, now that someone said that the Abyss is extremely dangerous, we haven't entered it yet."

Bei Shuang and the rest walked over and spoke.

Wang Xian nodded slightly. Although the abyss was dangerous, bei Shuang and the rest would definitely not be in any danger.

All the members of the Dragon Palace, Mo Sha and the rest knew that bei Shuang was the Dragon King's disciple. It was too late for them to protect her. How could they possibly attack them.

"Master, have you received the recruitment order from the imperial court? The patriarchs and Sect Masters of our Bei Chuan sect have received the recruitment order!"

Bei Shuang continued to speak.

Not many people from the major sects and forces of the Demon Island had entered the Abyss battlefield.

"I've received it!"

Wang Xian nodded slightly and looked at bei Shuang. "Next, go and tell the Beichuan sect and the other major sects like Duan Tian Jiuxiao last month to maintain some distance from our Dragon Palace."

"HMM?"

Bei Shuang was slightly taken aback when she heard his words. A look of astonishment appeared on her face.

"What's wrong, Wang Xian? Did Something Happen?"

Empress Star walked over and asked with a frown.

Previously, when the Patriarch of the world margin sect launched a sneak attack on bei Shuang, the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace destroyed the entire planet and killed countless powerhouses of the world margin sect.

The Emperor Court's way of handling things was slightly biased towards the world margin sect, which made the Dragon Palace unhappy.

Di Xingnu could also see some problems. Now that he had said something like this...

"You will know what's going on in the future."

Wang Xian didn't say much.

Di Xingnu frowned slightly and didn't continue to ask.

"I will tell the sect master and the rest."

Bei Shuang, who was beside him, nodded thoughtfully.

"The imperial court wants all the forces to gather in four days. I will stay here for a few days."

Wang Xian said indifferently and chatted with imperial star Lady bei Shuang and the rest for a while.

The imperial court's recruitment order said that all the factions would gather here in four days.

Four days was enough time for the sky array to control the dragon peak to rush over.

According to Wang Xian's estimation, there should be an expert at the level of the void God Emperor to suppress the situation in four days.

It was just that he did not know if the imperial court would have other orders in four days.

Fortunately, the Dragon Palace had a newly born Venom horned dragon, so the Dragon Palace was able to learn some news about the imperial court and the night clan in time. Otherwise, he would have to consider whether he should run away from such a disadvantageous situation!