Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2744: imperial court void God Emperor

"Look, that's the dragon peak of the Dragon Palace. I heard that this dragon peak of the Dragon Palace is incomparably powerful. Back then, it relied on this dragon peak to suppress the world margin great religion!"

"That is the nine Sky Palace of the nine sky great religion. It is also an incomparably powerful precious treasure. I did not expect that the nine Sky Palace would send someone over this time."

"That is the sky severing of the Ping Yi Island. All the great religions of the Demon Island have arrived!"

"Only the demon island has yet to erupt into an abyss war. I heard that something has happened on the Pingyi Island as well. The major sects of the Pingyi Island are all there to suppress the situation."

Four days passed in the blink of an eye. At the front line of the Imperial Court's Abyss battlefield, many huge war machines were flying over.

No force in the entire imperial star area dared to disobey an order from the imperial court.

Especially when the imperial court directly stated the number of warriors from this organization, it meant a warning, a reminder.

Unless you wanted to escape to another star area, otherwise you would be bound by the imperial court.

On the Demon Island, including the Dragon Palace which was considered the four great religions, the other organizations also sent over 100.

Any organization with over 100 undying emperors would receive the imperial court's recruitment order.

"Dragon King, just the immortal king level powerhouses from the demon island alone, there are almost 100,000 of them, not including our Dragon Palace. Other than the three major sects who didn't come, there are also tens of thousands of immortal king level powerhouses from Pingyi Island."

Wang Xian, Tian Cheng, and the others flew towards a planet. Tian Cheng scanned the surroundings and said softly.

"There should be 200,000 immortal king level powerhouses coming."

Wang Xian said faintly.

200,000 immortal king powerhouses. This was not even counting the people from the cold night island.

This was the junction between the Cold Night Island and the imperial court. The members of the Cold Night Island's night race and another major sect were on the battlefield.

However, when Wang Xian scanned his surroundings, he could see members of the night race flying towards the planet in front.

The planet in front was a planet gathered by the imperial court. All the forces would gather there four days later.

Wang Xian, Tian Chen, and the rest arrived at a square.

When they arrived, there were already many people in the square.

Their arrival had attracted the attention of many factions.

Everyone had witnessed the strength of the Dragon Palace. Among the big sects, perhaps only the night clan was stronger.

Of course, the other factions did not know that an elder of the night clan was about to become the divine emperor.

There was no doubt about the strength of the Dragon Palace. Some of the powerhouses from the other factions could not help but look in their direction.

Last month, the northern stream sect and the other factions had also arrived. When they saw Wang Xian and the rest, they showed a hesitant expression.

However, they did not come over to greet them.

They understood what bei Shuang had said to them.

For bei Shuang to be able to tell them to stay away from the Dragon Palace, it was definitely because of the Dragon King's deep intentions.

The group of forces did not go forward either.

Other than the Dragon Palace, Jiu Xiao was considered a relatively powerful force.

"Eh, some forces from the night cold island are here too."

At this moment, a message came from the side.

Wang Xian looked over and saw many experts flying over.

"Dragon King, Ba Qi and the rest are here!"

Du Jiu's voice came from the side.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and nodded his head slightly. He was beside the group of experts from the night clan. The two patriarchs of the world margin sect, sect master Tian Ya, and the three elders were also flying over.

"Patriarch, it's that Dragon King!"

Ba Qi and the rest sensed Wang Xian's aura and spoke to the patriarch beside them in a deep voice.

Ba Qi had completely taken over the role of parasitizing the world margin sect master. The two world margin patriarchs did not have any suspicions.

"Huh?"

The two of them looked over. Killing intent immediately shot out from their eyes as they stared at Wang Xian.

"Is that the Dragon King?"

A puzzled voice sounded from the side.

"Father, it's him. It's that fellow. Back then, he made me kneel down directly at the Heroes Assembly!"

A young voice that was filled with anger replied.

The person beside him was the current clan leader of the Ye clan. The young man beside him was young Emperor Ye!

"Don't worry, my brothers from the world margin sect. In two months at most, our patriarch will completely become an emperor. At that time, a dragon palace will be easily destroyed!"

The clan leader of the Ye clan said faintly and patted his son at the same time.

He said this to his son as well.

"That's right. As long as our patriarch becomes an emperor, a dragon palace will be easily destroyed, and the Dragon King will be easily killed!"

Young Emperor Ye's eyes sparkled, and the corners of his mouth curled up as he said excitedly.

"Hehe, thank you, clan leader Ye and Young Master Ye."

When the two elders of the world margin sect heard their words, the killing intent in their eyes slowly disappeared, and a smile appeared on their faces.

"No need to thank me. We are all on the same side from now on."

The clan leader of the Ye clan said with a smile.

"Hehe, then we will fight side by side with the Ye clan in the Abyss."

The two old men from the world margin great sect said.

"Haha, we also hope to fight side by side with the world margin great sect."

The night clan leader also laughed.

This also indicated that the world margin great sect was willing to stand on the side of the night clan.

Their night clan was about to have a void God emperor, but there were not many peak god King experts. With the two forefathers from the world margin great sect, they could supplement their peak level combat strength.

As they spoke, they walked to the front.

"Eh? Why does the world margin great sect have such a good relationship with the night race?"

"What's the situation? The world margin great sect seems to be very close to the night race!"

Their arrival instantly attracted the attention of all the factions.

After all, they were the strongest faction outside the imperial court.

And the night race and the world margin great sect were mixed together, so there was something else going on.

Everyone understood the situation between the horizon sect and the Dragon Palace. It could be said that they would fight to the death.

Now that the horizon sect and the night clan were close, what about the Dragon Palace? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The enemy of the enemy was a friend. What about the friend of the enemy? Although it was not 100% of the enemy, it was still 70% !

Everyone was slightly surprised!

"HMM? is the Dragon King not letting us get close to them because of the night clan? The Dragon King has received some news."

The Beichuan sect, the Dragon Python group, and even the great sect leader from last month looked at each other and frowned slightly.

They looked in the direction of the Dragon King. When they saw that the Dragon King was not surprised by this scene, their eyes flickered slightly.

"HMPH!"

At this moment, the members of the Ye clan and the great sect leader of the World Horizon walked straight to the front.

When they were closer to Wang Xian and the rest, Ye Shaohuang looked in their direction and snorted coldly.

Wang Xian looked at him without any change in his expression.

"The powerhouses of the imperial court are here!"

However, at this moment, a voice rang out, causing everyone to look forward.

At the front, ten old men appeared out of thin air.

When they saw these ten old men, everyone felt a chill in their hearts.

The Guardians of the imperial court, powerhouses at the peak of the godly monarch realm.

The ten guardians appeared but did not say anything. They stood in a row to the left and right, leaving a spot in the middle.

In the middle, there was a chair!