Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2745: merit points from the Dragon Palace

When everyone saw the ten guardians of the imperial court standing on both sides and saw the empty seat in the middle, they were slightly shocked.

Their hearts trembled as they watched quietly.

Wang Xian looked at the seat and his pupils constricted as well. It was just as he had expected.

Today, the Emperor of the imperial court would shake the entire scene.

Buzz

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared on the chair.

A white light enveloped his entire body. The blurry figure made it hard for people to see clearly.

There was no strong pressure spreading to the surroundings. However, at this moment, everyone was shocked to realize that the surroundings seemed to have changed.

The surroundings were enveloped by a white light and filled with a holy radiance.

The figure sitting on the chair was like the Lord of Light. They were his believers.

The entire area was under his control.

This was the power of a divine ability.

This divine ability was different from the divine ability at the weak realm. This was a law divine ability that could truly change the world. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

A peak godly monarch could touch the stage of a divine ability. If one truly grasped a divine ability, it would also be a key to advancing to the void God Emperor realm.

"Greetings, Lord God Emperor!"

At the next moment, the leaders and experts of all the factions reacted and immediately greeted respectfully.

"We have called you all here this time for the survival of the humans in the imperial star field. The crisis this time is not as simple as you think."

"The Black Magic-type abyss seed and the Giant Beast-type abyss seed are all threatening our imperial star field. The moment the imperial court is defeated, the entire imperial star field will fall, and the humans will become the food of the abyss seed!"

The God Emperor, who was shrouded in light, sat there and directly spoke.

"Mn?"

Hearing his words, all the experts were slightly startled.

"Lord God Emperor, what does the black magic-type giant beast-type abyss species mean? is the abyss species really that powerful?"

The God Emperor, who was shrouded in light, stopped speaking. An ancestor from the nine heavens great religion could not help but feel his heart tremble as he asked.

"The Black magic-type Behemoth System is our collective name for the two races of the Abyss. The behemoth system is a newly rising race of the Abyss. It has two void God Emperor level existences. As for the Black Magic-type system, it is the collective name of the two ancient void God Emperor Abyss races in the Abyss!"

"Currently, the battlefield here is only controlled by a black magic-type abyss God Emperor!"

The God Emperor who was shrouded in light introduced with a calm voice.

"Hiss, this..."

Everyone was slightly startled when they heard this god Emperor's words. Their faces were filled with shock.

The current battlefield was merely controlled by an abyss god Emperor of the void God faction, and there were even three of them!

"The battlefield at the boundary between Pingyi Island and the imperial court will soon erupt. That is a huge beast-type offensive battlefield, and the situation is ten times more dangerous than here. At that time, a true void God emperor-level battle will erupt."

The God Emperor who was shrouded in light continued speaking.

At this moment, everyone realized the seriousness of the problem.

Initially, they thought that the imperial court was trying to reduce their losses. Now, it seemed that the imperial court was feeling the danger.

"Next, we have to stabilize the battlefield here as soon as possible and recruit all the factions to enter the abyss to hunt for Abyssal Seeds!"

"You will also receive the courtesy of a hero. Killing abyssal seeds can be exchanged for merit points, and merit points can be exchanged for treasures!"

"Also, the imperial court might organize a large-scale attack. At that time, all the factions must participate!"

After the god Emperor who was shrouded in light said this, his figure immediately disappeared.

It was as if his true body had not arrived just now, but only an illusory figure had arrived.

"Our great ancestor has also said the basic things. If we recruit you to hunt abyssal seeds, you can also obtain the merits of our imperial court."

"However, since we have recruited you, we are not here to let you mingle. We will set up missions according to the strength of each faction and accumulate the necessary merits. Otherwise, our imperial court will force you to carry out some missions!"

The Celestial Emperor of the imperial court disappeared. A protector took two steps forward and said.

The leaders and powerhouses of the factions nodded slightly.

They had already expected this.

Buzz

The old man waved his arm and a number of cards flew towards the leaders of the factions.

There were more than 200 of the major factions present. According to their strength, the imperial court allocated different points.

Wang Xian took the hand card that flew in front of him and looked at it indifferently.

"One billion merit points. That means we have to kill ten immortal king level nine abyssal seeds."

He mumbled and smiled faintly.

"Dragon King, are we going to get one billion merit points?"

Du Jiu stood at the side and raised his eyebrows slightly.

Wang Xian nodded slightly.

"Merit points. I'm sure all of you know that as long as you complete the corresponding merit points, you will complete the mission. All of you can use the names of your respective forces to accumulate merit points and enter the heroes list!"

A court protector said as he pointed to the right.

There, there was an incomparably huge merit monument.

On it, there were many eye-catching names and rankings. This was the hero list.

As long as one entered this list, their name would spread throughout the entire imperial star field.

It was different from before. The current hero list had a slight change, adding a faction's hero list!

All the major forces were hunting for abyss seeds.

If a force could be ranked on this list, it would naturally be the best .

"Hero List?"

Wang Xian looked over and raised his eyebrows.

The leaders of the other forces around were also eager to try.

If they could be ranked on this hero list, it would be a huge for their forces.

"Some disciples of the forces may have already come to the imperial court. As long as you change the name of the AI and add a prefix to the name of the force, such as a certain someone from the night clan, the merit points will not only increase individually, but the entire force will also increase. Of course, the merit points can only be exchanged for items once."

The Protector continued to say.

"Oh?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Poison Nine, who was at the side, raised his eyebrows slightly. He directly took out his AI and looked at it.

A smile appeared on his face as he moved it slightly.

After he was done with the operation, he looked at the position on the hero list.

As expected, there was a change in Du Jiu, who was ranked first on the hero list. He had 4621,000,001 merit points.

"Dragon King, Look!"

Du Jiu opened his mouth and pointed at the first place on the hero list as he said to Wang Xian.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian looked over and smiled.

"Hey, look, the number one name on the heroes list, Poison Nine, has changed. It has become the Dragon Palace's poison nine! The person who is ranked first is actually a member of the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, many experts around were paying attention to the heroes list. When they saw the change in the number one spot, they were immediately noticed by everyone. Some of them exclaimed in shock.

"400 million points, that means the dragon palace has already killed 4 undying level 9 abyss species, this..."

A warrior from a large sect said in shock.

The expressions of the other powers changed too.

"HM?"

In the front, the two forefathers of the world margin sect and the Warriors from the night race looked over too, raising their eyebrows.

However they didn't notice that the hands of the sect leader and the 3 elders moved, a brain flashed past.

And so, the rankings changed again.