Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2746: 2,746 abyss teleportation

Third place, eight Qi of the Dragon Palace!

Seventh Place, eight five of the Dragon Palace!

Twentieth Place, demon six of the Dragon Palace!

Twenty-eighth place, Demon Mountain of the Dragon Palace!

First...

When everyone was shocked that the first-ranked poison nine had suddenly become poison nine of the Dragon Palace, and that the Dragon Palace had received over 400 million points, my ranking changed again.

"This... look at the 3rd ranked name changing too, it's now the Dragon Palace Eight Qi, this..."

"Not only 3rd, the 7th ranked Dragon Palace 85, damn it it's a member of the Dragon Palace, there's also the 20th ranked Dragon Palace Demon 6 and 28th ranked Dragon Palace Demon Mountain, and..."

Very quickly, all of the powers'warriors noticed the other changes. On the ranking, 7 or 8 names suddenly changed, without exception, all of them had the word Dragon Palace added.

The 1st ranked Poison 9 had over 400 million points, which meant that he had killed 4 undying level 9 abyss seeds, and the 3rd ranked eight Qi had over 300 million points, it also meant that he had killed 3 undying level 9 abyss seeds.

The 7th 85 had over 100 million points, which meant that he had killed 1 undying level 9 abyss seed.

Along with the other rankings, the Dragon Palace's points had already reached 800 to 900 million?

It's...

Is the Dragon Palace mission over?

"The Dragon Palace sent their best men to hunt down the abyssal seed?"

Some of the forces of the strong and leaders of slightly shocked said. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Jie Jie Jie, ranked fourth Mosha is now in the Abyss to hunt abyss seeds, plus Mosha points, our dragon palace points have already exceeded one billion!"

At this time, standing on one side of the nine poison said with a smile.

His voice was not concealed in the slightest, and everyone around could hear him clearly.

Poison Nine's words caused the surrounding people to be slightly stunned once again.

"The Devil Fiend ranked fourth is also a member of the Dragon Palace?"

"It's really possible. Look at the twentieth and twenty-eighth place, both surnamed Devil!"

"This... just how many abyssal seeds has this dragon palace hunted, to actually accumulate so many merits?"

Hearing Poison Nine's voice, everyone looked up, their faces full of shock.

The first, third, fourth, and seventh on the hero list were all people from the Dragon Palace. How many powerful abyssal seeds did the Dragon Palace Kill?

Even the protectors of the imperial court looked at each other and pursed their lips.

In this way, the Dragon Palace could complete the one billion merit points assigned to the Dragon Palace.

"Hehe, I didn't expect the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace to keep such a low profile and kill so many abyssal seeds without realizing it. Our imperial court would like to express our gratitude to the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace."

A protector of the imperial court cupped his hands toward Wang Xian and said with a smile.

"Hehe, it's generous of the imperial court to offer so many treasures. Our Dragon Palace is here to earn some treasures and resources."

Wang Xian replied with a smile.

"The imperial court would also like to thank the Dragon Palace for contributing so much to the imperial star field."

The protector of the imperial court continued to speak politely.

"Everyone, each of your forces has a fixed minimum contribution. Of course, the more you complete, the more treasures you can exchange for. Next, you can either act together or kill them individually."

Then, the Guardians of the imperial court said to the rest of them.

"Yes!"

The leaders of the forces nodded respectfully.

"All the forces will enter the Abyss Tomorrow."

"Good luck to all of you!"

The ten guardians said one last sentence and left immediately.

"Dragon King, are we going to hunt the abyssal seeds together?"

"Dragon King, can you bring us along? Although our forces are not strong, we are definitely not weak."

After the 10 guardians of the Imperial Court left, some factions looked at Wang Xian and the rest and could not help but ask.

There were so many powerhouses from the Dragon Palace on the heroes list. This represented the strength of the Dragon Palace.

Furthermore, they were new here. If they had the Dragon Palace to bring them along, it would be easy for them to hunt down the abyssal seeds.

"Sorry!"

Wang Xian shook his head lightly at them and flew straight out.

"The Dragon Palace actually killed more than ten immortal king level nine abyss seeds. Their battle record is probably not much lower than the imperial court!"

"I didn't expect the Dragon Palace to be so strong."

Seeing Wang Xian and the rest leaving, some factions and experts shook their heads and sighed.

"HMPH!"

At the night clan of the horizon sect, young emperor ye snorted softly.

"Hehe, let's go. After the forefather becomes an emperor, our night clan will be the leader of this abyss battlefield."

"Let's prepare for a few days and see if we can hunt down and kill a powerful Abyss clan."

The clan leader of the Night Clan said with a faint smile.

"Clan leader of the night clan, if we work together, we can destroy one or even two large-scale abyss clans."

The two forefathers of the world's end said in a deep voice.

"We can do that. We Can't let the Dragon Palace show off their might."

The clan leader of the night clan nodded his head faintly.

With the Alliance of the night clan and the world's end sect, with three to four peak-stage immortal king level powerhouses leading the team, they could completely destroy a powerful abyss race.

"Dragon King, do we have any action tomorrow?"

Wang Xian and the rest flew out of the planet. Du Jiu asked with a smile on his face.

Just now, the Dragon Palace was in the limelight. Even the protectors of the imperial court were shocked.

"The imperial court has ordered all the forces to enter the Abyss tomorrow. They probably want to clear out the abyssal seeds. By then, there will be ten pinnacle immortal king level powerhouses or even more who will enter. This is undoubtedly to avoid the siege of the powerful abyssal seeds."

"Under the circumstance of reducing the risk, we can attack a large-scale tribe."

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and said.

Since the Dragon Peak was sent over, he would get the demonic fiend to cooperate and exterminate a large-scale tribe.

"Oh right, Sky Formation, how's your research going these two days?"

Wang Xian looked at the sky formation at the side and asked.

The Heaven Formation had been following him for a period of time. However, the Heaven Formation was researching something.

Teleportation Formation. It was a teleportation formation that could be used in the abyss.

Once the teleportation formation was activated, they could escape instantly.

The Abyss was special. Space could no longer be torn apart. Teleportation could not be used here. It was almost impossible for other array formation masters to build a teleportation formation.

However, the heaven formation was different. He was the strongest array master in this starry sky. Now that he had become a dragon wizard, his talent had increased by dozens of times.

"Dragon King, we are experimenting now. We will be able to build it in two days at most. By then, we will be able to teleport directly."

"However, there is a weakness. We can not teleport Dragon Peak. Dragon Peak is too big."

The Heaven Formation said to Wang Xian.

"It's fine. If we were to teleport, we would definitely encounter a crisis. The Dragon Peak can also cover it up. With your teleportation formation, our safety can be guaranteed!"