Chapter 2747: sent out his entire army

"After the teleportation formation is successfully developed, we will be close to the success of the teleportation talisman!"

The Heaven Formation said with a smile on his face.

The teleportation formation needed a fixed point for teleportation. As for the teleportation talisman, one only needed to crush the teleportation talisman to be able to wrap themselves up and teleport within a second.

This was a great way to save one's life in the abyss.

"Continue your research. Let's go to Dragon Peak."

Wang Xian nodded and said with a smile as he flew straight towards Dragon Peak.

After the Heaven Formation's life-saving talisman was completed, the Dragon Palace would be able to better deal with the upcoming crisis.

Even if they were to face the imperial court's night race, they would have a great ability to escape.

"All the factions will enter the Abyss next. Tell mo sha to be more careful. Also, tell Mo Sha to look for an abyss race that is easier to hunt and see if he can hunt a peak immortal king level Abyss race."

Upon arriving at the Dragon Peak, Wang Xian said to poison nine.

"It's the Dragon King!"

"Dragon King, how are the imperial court and the World Margin Sect? Do you want to parasitize some powerhouses of the night race?"

Poison nine nodded and asked.

"There's no need for that for the time being. The night race has joined forces with the world margin sect. With the eight prongs there, some information should be able to be transmitted over quickly."

"Let's go, we'll enter the front of the Abyss!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and spoke to the sky array.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The sky array drove the Dragon Peak forward quickly.

In the Dragon Peak, there were more than 60,000 immortal godly monarchs from the Dragon Palace. A large portion of the members from the Heaven's Eye Arrow division, the thorned dragon species, and the Starwood Dragon species had arrived.

"Let's go, let's go, Let's go to the Abyss immediately to investigate some information. We must complete the mission set by the imperial court."

"Everyone, we must be vigilant. Not long ago, two guardians of the imperial court led a team of 200,000 disciples and powerhouses and were all killed. We must be vigilant!"

"Let's see if we can find a force to cooperate with!"

When Dragon Peak flew into the Abyss, the other forces also flew into the Abyss and began to investigate the situation.

A Day passed quickly. On the second day, all the forces gathered in front of the entrance of the abyss.

"All the forces immediately enter the abyss. I hope that all the forces can work together to deal with the abyssal seeds in the Abyss."

Not long after, the voice of an imperial court protector sounded.

Located in the center, the imperial court protector led at least ten million imperial court powerhouses into the Abyss.

In the surroundings, there were people from other factions to reduce the pressure. They were also much safer.

"Let's go, we'll enter as well!"

Wang Xian said to the Heaven Array.

When the imperial court entered the Abyss, they could also alleviate the pressure on the Dragon Palace.

When the Dragon Palace hunted the abyssal seeds back then, they relied on other factions to attract the firepower. In addition, the Dragon Palace had a strong offensive power.

When the Dragon Palace entered the abyss, they did not immediately hunt the abyssal seed inside.

The dragon peak floated at the edge of the Abyss and waited quietly.

Similarly, the other factions did not enter the abyss rashly to launch an attack. Instead, they were investigating the situation.

At the beginning, it was relatively calm.

Wang Xian stood on the command platform of the Dragon Peak and waited for the news one by one. Similarly, he was also waiting for the completion of the Heaven Array Formation.

"Dragon King, the world margin sect and the night race are preparing to attack an abyss race tomorrow. The two patriarchs of the world margin sect and the two peak-stage godly king stage powerhouses of the night race are leading the team. The target has been chosen!"

"Dragon King, the imperial court is preparing to attack an abyss race tomorrow. There will be two guardians of the imperial court leading the team!"

On the evening of the second day, Wang Xian received two messages.

One was sent by Ba Qi, and the other was sent by an expert from the parasitic imperial court.

Two messages.

"The world margin sect and the night race actually sent four peak immortal king level experts."

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and immediately sent a message to Mo Sha.

He also sent him the location of the abyssal race that the world margin sect and the night race were planning to kill tomorrow.

He wanted to see if he could get mo sha to create some trouble for them.

It would be best if he could trap and kill some of their powerhouses.

As for the imperial court, Wang Xian was not prepared to make a move.

"Alright, Dragon King. I will go and trick the strongest abyss species tomorrow. If I can trick them, the world margin sect and the night race will suffer heavy losses."

"Oh right, Dragon King, I have information on an abyss species right next to the species that I am currently controlling. Tomorrow, the Dragon Palace can hunt them down. I will install some of my own people in this species. When the time comes, I will pass the information to poison nine!"

Very quickly, news came from Mo Sha's side.

Wang Xian nodded. In the Abyss, the largest race had three peak level undying God King Abyss races. Adding Mo Sha and the Abyss race that they attacked, there were five peak level undying god King Abyss races, at that time, the world margin sect and the night race would suffer heavy losses.

Of course, there was a prerequisite. Mo Sha could trick the Abyss race to help.

And the information that Mo Sha sent over was about an abyss race. There was a peak immortal King Level Abyss race and 13 Immortal King Level 9 Abyss races.

This was a huge race with more than 200 million abyss races.

However, with the power of the Dragon Palace, they could easily destroy it.

"Use all of your strength tomorrow to destroy this abyss race as quickly as possible."

Wang Xian passed the information to the heaven array and said to him.

"It's the Dragon King. The teleportation array will be completed tomorrow. Furthermore, I have set up a layer of defense on the dragon peak that can withstand an attack from an emperor God. This attack will be long enough for us to escape!"

The Heaven Array nodded. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As a former emperor of the void, he was extremely confident in what he would do.

"Yes, there shouldn't be any void God Emperor level abyss seeds taking action. Even if they do, there should be some divine emperors from the imperial court guarding the back."

As Wang Xian spoke, he looked at the back.

This time, the imperial court had sent out tens of millions of elite disciples. There was definitely the divine emperor of the imperial court guarding the back to prevent any accidents.

The relationship between the Dragon Palace and the imperial court was still very harmonious on the surface.

If there were any divine emperor-level abyssal seeds rushing over, the divine emperor of the imperial court would probably intervene to stop them.

Therefore, the battle tomorrow should be very safe.

Wang Xian liked this kind of safer battle the most.

"Just in case!"

Heaven's formation smiled faintly.

Wang Xian nodded with a smile. It was absolutely right to be fully prepared.

Meanwhile, in the depths of the Abyss, the Demonic Fiend swayed its huge body and flew towards the strongest abyssal race in the center.

There was a huge corpse in his mouth.

Mosha was not doing this for anything else. Instead, he was going to contact the three peak divine king Abyss species to make preparations for the world margin sect and the night race tomorrow.

The Dragon Palace controlled a peak divine king Abyss species. This was something that no one or faction could have imagined.