Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2748: ’s entire army attacked

"Roar Roar!"

A low roar came from the deep and dark abyss.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In front of them, behind the group of meteorites, there was an incomparably large abyssal race densely packed around them.

One abyssal race after another floated in the surroundings. At a glance, they were densely packed and there was no end to them.

The first roar attracted the attention of this huge race, at least billions of eyes were looking over, filled with fear and warning.

This was the largest race in the abyss, with billions of powerful abyss species.

In the center, three pinnacle undying god King Abyss species were lying in space, roaring towards the source of the sound.

"Howl Howl!"

At this time, the howl from ahead continued, a huge silhouette slowly approached.

And the meaning of this howl was: three Big Brothers, I'm here to visit the three big brothers.

This Howl made the three pinnacle undying emperor abyssal seeds slightly suspicious, one of them stood up, his gaze still cold as he looked ahead.

"Roar Roar!"

The Roar continued, this voice was directed at the surrounding abyss seeds.

It meant that the brothers had to make way, I'll pay a visit to the three bosses.

At the same time, a powerful energy was released, the Abyss seeds all had fear on their faces.

The one who came was naturally mosha!

"Roar Roar!"

A warning voice came from the abyss seed that stood up.

Mo Sha howled, his voice was a little fawning and low as he flew straight towards the three undying Pinnacle God lords.

The three abyss seeds stared at him suspiciously.

"Howl Howl!"

"Three bosses, a brother over there asked me to give this to you. That brother said that a human wants to kill it and its race tomorrow, I hope the three bosses can go over and help!"

Mo Sha said, respectfully placing the huge corpse in front of him.

"Howl!"

The three pinnacle undying emperor abyss species looked at Mo Sha, their gazes landing on the corpse.

This was the corpse of an undying level 8 abyss species, one that had been killed by the emperor.

Howl

One of the Undying Emperor Abyss species raised its head, directly swallowing the corpse.

The other two swallowed as well.

"Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha immediately roared from the side. In order to trick the three undyings, he had put in a lot of effort.

Following which, Mo Sha continued to lure the three undyings, saying that they would attack the humans tomorrow, exterminating the humans and completing the god Emperor's orders.

All sorts of words were said to please them from time to time.

Hence, deep roars could be heard from within the abyss.

Time passed very quickly. Mo Sha had been grinding his lips, and he was almost about to sell his body.

"Dragon King, the teleportation formation has been set up. I am connected to the main dragon palace. Once we encounter a crisis on the level of the celestial emperor, we will be able to escape to the main dragon palace in an instant!"

The next morning, the sky array told Wang Xian a piece of good news.

"Very good. In that case, let's get ready to move."

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and said immediately.

"Yes!"

The Sky Formation nodded his head!

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, get ready to face the battle!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and ordered all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

In the Dragon Peak, all the members of the Dragon Palace replied with fighting spirit.

"Let's Go!"

With a light shout from the sky array, the dragon peak slowly flew forward.

The area of the dragon peak was comparable to the size of a star. It was much larger than the meteorites in front.

The Dragon Peak headed straight for the large-scale abyssal race.

Buzz Buzz

At this moment, two messages came from the communication stone plate in front of Wang Xian.

The imperial court was heading towards a large-scale abyssal race.

At the same time, the horizon sect and the night race were also heading towards an abyss race.

The Horizon sect and the night race had deployed a total of four peak-stage immortal king level powerhouses. They were prepared to hunt down the peak-stage immortal King Level Abyss race.

Furthermore, their strength was not weaker than the imperial court's.

There were 13 immortal King Level 9 and more level 8 and 7.

They were determined to get it.

"I wonder how the Demonic Fiend is doing." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. He retracted his attention and stared at the abyss in front of him.

"I'll surround that Peak Immortal King Abyss seed later. I'll use the world's end ruler and Ao Qitian. I'll control the Dragon Machine to kill it quickly!"

"However, it's best to hide it completely and not reveal our strength!"

Wang Xian said to the Heaven Array.

"Don't worry, Dragon King. With such a long distance and surrounded by three monsters formed by the formation, even the Celestial Emperor wouldn't be able to spy on us!"

The Heaven Array nodded.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded and landed on the screen in front of the Heaven Array.

On this screen, he could detect the abyssal seeds in the surroundings.

It was only half an hour's journey away from their target.

Half an hour wasn't close, it was even very far.

"We're almost there!"

"We'll charge straight over!"

Half an hour later, the screen in front of the sky array was filled with red dots.

His gaze turned cold, he controlled Dragon Mountain and charged straight at the huge meteorite.

Rumble

The meteorite instantly crumbled, over 200 million abyss species ahead had long noticed Dragon Mountain's arrival.

The leading pinnacle undying emperor abyss species had long noticed the arrival of Dragon Mountain.

However, the aura that Dragon Mountain emitted didn't make it feel threatened.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

It stared at the Dragon Mountain that was rushing towards them, raising its head and roaring.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

In an instant, over 200 million abyss species let out earth shaking roars, following closely behind, they all charged towards Dragon Mountain.

"Members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, shoot! Kill them all!"

"Starwood Dragon species, Hunt!"

"Thorned dragons, hide your figures and prepare to hunt!"

Mou Zesen, AO xingmu, and Ao Yao's orders rang out.

This was not their first battle. They did not even need Wang Xian to give the order.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, countless arrows shot straight ahead.

Every arrow carried a terrifying piercing power and attack power.

Thorns extended out from the Dragon Mountain and covered the area ahead.

"Dragon King, Qi Tian, Attack!"

Tian Chen waved his arm and in front of the abyss, terrifying thorns gathered to form a huge thorn monster.

Three thorn monsters swiftly formed and locked onto the Pinnacle Undying God King Abyss seed.

They surrounded it directly.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When the peak-level immortal king abyssal seed saw the incoming thorny thorns, it revealed a fearful and hesitant expression.

However, at this moment, the three thorny monsters had already arrived in front of it. The thorny thorns began to surround it one by one.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and flew towards the space surrounded by the three thorny monsters with AO qitian in an instant.

"Dragon Weapon!"

Wang Xian shouted again. A gigantic dragon weapon appeared in front of him. With a move of his body, he directly entered the head!

Buzz

A feeling of being connected by blood was transmitted!

"Kill!"

Wang Xian stared at the abyssal seed that was at the peak of the Immortal King realm in front of him. His eyes were filled with coldness!