Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2749: was a complete victory and defeat

"Kill!"

After charging into the encirclement of the three thorny monsters, Wang Xian let out a loud roar filled with fighting spirit.

Entering the body of the dragon machine, he could feel the power of a peak-stage immortal king.

With a thought, the dragon machine that was like armor directly attacked the peak-stage immortal king abyssal seed in front of him.

It had a terrifying destructive power and was extremely powerful.

"Roar Roar!"

The peak-level immortal King abyssal seed let out an angry roar and directly met Wang Xian's attack. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Bang!"

A huge collision sound was heard. The body of the peak-level immortal king abyssal seed was directly sent flying backward.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw this scene. Then, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

Just by relying on the strength of the Dragon Machine, as long as he had enough time, he would be able to kill this abyss seed.

This reminded Wang Xian of the time when the heaven formation was used to deal with the Dragon Machine.

The Heaven Formation relied on the dragon peak formation. Every monster formed from Thorns could kill an existence of the same level on their own.

However, it took him half an hour to deal with the Dragon Machine. He only managed to capture it after using all his strength.

The strength of the dragon weapon could be said to be able to withstand the attacks of three peak-stage immortal kings.

This was also the reason why Wang Xian controlled the dragon weapon to collide with this peak-stage immortal King Abyss seed, causing it to fly backward.

"Destroy it in two minutes!"

Wang Xian's eyes shone and he immediately roared.

"Roar!"

Ao Qitian roared furiously. His huge body and the sea-pacifying divine needle were wrapped with blood-red chains as he attacked the peak-stage immortal King Abyss seed directly.

Weng

On the world's end ruler, Ao Jian and the rest floated above, attacking one after another.

Around them, three thorny monsters that could kill the same level, brandishing their terrifying brambles, they attacked too.

In an instant, the surroundings of the Pinnacle Emperor God abyss seed were covered, there was no room to escape.

Roar Roar

When the peak-level immortal King Abyss seed saw this scene, a look of fear appeared in its eyes as it roared.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

"Ao ao ao!"

In the next moment, attacks landed on its body, causing it to let out a miserable cry.

It was not something it could withstand.

Facing Wang Xian and the rest, this peak-level immortal king abyss seed had no ability to resist.

"Looks like I won't have two minutes!"

Wang Xian looked at the peak-level immortal king Abyss species that didn't have the ability to resist. A smile appeared on his face as he attacked directly.

Outside, the Dragon Palace had over 60,000 immortal king level powerhouses fighting against over 200 million abyss species.

Out of these 200 million abyss species, there were less than 20,000 immortal king level powerhouses.

The combat strength of A Level 9 immortal king was all locked onto by the Dragon Palace powerhouses.

When the whistling sound of arrows sounded, millions of abyss species were killed.

Around the area, over 10,000 Dragon Stingers were like ghosts, easily killing the abyss species.

None of the abyss species could escape their assassination.

The entire large race of the Abyss was swiftly harvested.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

However, just as the Dragon Palace was fighting a large-scale abyssal race, tens of millions of experts of the imperial court, under the lead of the Imperial Court's guardian, also attacked an abyssal race.

Compared to the battle on the Dragon Palace's side, their side was even more shocked.

In terms of numbers, they were shocked.

"Hahaha, brother Feng Yazi, in five minutes, we will destroy this peak divine king abyssal race."

At the same time, at another location, the world margin great sect and the night race's army had arrived in front of a large abyss race.

The night race leader and the rest laughed loudly as they spoke to the two forefathers of the world margin great sect.

Their gazes locked onto a pinnacle god King Abyss seed, instantly surrounding and attacking it.

"Alright, in five minutes, we will take care of it!"

"To avoid any accidents, let's end this quickly!"

The worldly Horizon Great Sect's patriarch and Company roared as their eyes were filled with killing intent as they locked onto the peak-stage godly monarch abyssal seed.

"Boom!"

Just as the imperial court's Dragon Palace's worldly Horizon Great Sect's night race and Company were completely clashing with the large-scale abyssal race, the entire Abyss suddenly lit up brightly.

A figure of light instantly flew towards the depths of the abyss.

"Roar!"

Following that, a roar that shook the heavens and earth was heard. The entire Abyss seemed to tremble.

"Huh?"

At this moment, the entire battlefield trembled.

"Is the celestial thearch of the imperial court fighting against the various Celestial Thearchs of the Abyss?"

Wang Xian was slightly shocked when he saw the area covered by the thorns. Following that, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Kill! The great ancestor of the imperial court is holding back the celestial thearch-level abyss species. Let's kill him!"

Over at the night clan's Yue Tianya sect, all of the clan leaders who understood the situation roared with their eyes shining.

"All disciples, don't have any scruples, kill!"

"Kill!"

All of the night clan's warriors roared with fighting spirit, the attacks of the two forefathers and the clan leader became even more violent.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

The Pinnacle God king species that was being surrounded let out an enraged roar.

Below, many of his underlings were swiftly killed.

Tian Ya and the night clan working together to destroy a pinnacle god King was a piece of cake.

"Howl Howl!"

"3 Big Brothers, my brother is asking for help, the humans are attacking them, let's go save him!"

"3 Big Brothers, yesterday it was this brother of mine who gave you delicious food, let's rush over, we can devour even more delicious humans."

"Howl Howl, Big Brothers, let's rush over!"

At the same time, at a corner of the Abyss, an Undying Pinnacle God emperor abyss seed surrounded the three other abyss seeds of the same level and roared, sending messages.

The three Pinnacle God Emperor Abyss seeds were hesitant, looking in one direction.

"Howl Howl!"

Finally, an undying pinnacle god Emperor Abyss seed in the Center raised its head and roared.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Around him, countless pinnacle god Kings raised their heads and roared with killing intent.

When the Pinnacle God king saw this, his eyes gleamed!

"Brothers, let's charge, exterminate this group of humans, charge charge Charge!"

This pinnacle god King was naturally mo sha. He roared madly and charged towards the world margin great sect and the night race.

The other three immediately followed.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Led by the three peak-level godly monarch abyss seeds, the entire race followed behind in a mighty manner.

"Three bosses, I'll lead my subordinates to block their path of retreat and obtain more delicacies!"

Mo Sha let out a wild roar. His subordinates, who were not far away from him, immediately responded and flew directly to the rear of the world margin great sect and the night race.

Mo Sha had a clear location from eight-limbed and the others. With a clear combat strength, he naturally knew how to deal with them.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The other three peak divine king abyssal seeds responded. Their bloodthirsty eyes stared greedily at the battlefield ahead.