Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2750: disaster water diversion? Go

"Hahaha, we've injured them, brothers, let's work harder!"

Within the Abyss, the night clan leader and the Night Clan Forefathers attacked the Undying Pinnacle God king seed before them. Seeing the large amount of blood flowing from his body, they were excited.

"Alright!"

The two forefathers of the world margin sect roared with smiles.

Ever since they returned from the Cold Night Island, the future of their world margin great religion was bright.

Today, they had two choices. One was to join the night race and become a relative of the night race.

With the favor of the night race's void God Emperor, the night race would not mistreat them and would even place great importance on them.

Two was that they could re-establish the glory of the world margin great religion and the night race's void God Emperor would help them.

Their world margin was bright.

Killing these abyss seeds could also accumulate resources for their world margin great sect.

"Hong Hong Hong!"

The attacks of the four landed on the peak undying god King Abyss seed in front of them one after another. The powerful force forced it to resist with great difficulty.

"At most half an hour, we will be able to wipe out this entire race."

Their eyes were filled with excitement as they roared softly.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

However all of a sudden, roars could be heard.

The roars were getting closer and closer, shocking everyone from the night clan and the world margin sect.

"What's happening?"

The Four Pinnacle Undying Emperor Warriors also felt this scene, their expressions changing, immediately looking towards the direction of the roars.

However in the next moment, they opened their eyes wide.

"Shit, what's going on?"

Their gazes swept over, they instantly changed, their expressions unsightly as they stared at the Dark Abyss races.

The three Pinnacle Undying Emperor races in the lead were even more terrifying, they could predict that in 10 seconds at most, the three pinnacle undying emperor races would fly over.

"Damn it, how can there be such a huge race rushing towards us, damn it!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The night clan leader's expression was incomparably ugly as he let out a low roar. His heart sank slightly.

"Oh no, how could such a situation happen? What a huge abyss race, not good, clan leader Ye, we are not a match for this race!"

The world margin sect's patriarch Feng Yaazi swept his gaze over and roared in a deep voice.

"All disciples, retreat immediately. All disciples, retreat immediately!"

The night clan leader gritted his teeth unwillingly, clenching his fists as he roared loudly.

"Let's first block these three peak undying god King Abyss Seeds!"

One of the night clan ancestors had an ugly expression as he welcomed the three peak undying god King Abyss seeds!

The two ancestors of the world margin sect immediately followed.

The arrival of the three peak undying god King Abyss seeds completely broke their situation.

Most importantly, the strength of this race was too strong, it wasn't something the night clan and the world margin sect could withstand.

At this time, all the disciples had to quickly retreat, otherwise they would suffer heavy losses.

"The Emperor Court has news that the Abyss species within the Abyss might have evolved, looks like it's true!"

The night clan leader's expression was ugly as he thought to himself.

The imperial court had suffered heavy losses last time, similar to their current situation. During the battle, a large number of abyssal seeds suddenly appeared and attacked.

As a result, the 200,000 imperial court experts and disciples were almost completely wiped out.

They did not expect that they would actually run into them today.

"Flee! Flee!"

The group of experts and disciples looked to the right at this time, and their expressions changed drastically.

Without the slightest hesitation, they immediately fled to the back under the organization of the experts from the night clan and the world margin sect.

"Attack quietly, hehehe!"

However, at this moment, Mo Sha led a group of abyssal races and flew over quietly.

Under his control, under the control of the group of poisonous horned dragons, not a single abyssal race in the entire race dared to roar loudly and reveal their violent positions.

Mo Sha had separated from the huge abyssal species from the start, flying towards a location closer to the edge of the abyss.

When he saw the experts of the world margin sect and the night race wanting to retreat, his face was filled with savage excitement.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Little ones, kill them!"

Seeing the distance approaching, and seeing that everyone from the night race's world margin sect was retreating, Mo Sha let out a savage roar.

Rumble

The next moment, he brought with him a terrifying power as he attacked the two forces in front of him.

This time, the night race and world margin sect sent a total of 2 million elites, most of them were disciples of the night race.

"Not good, there's another Abyss race here!"

"Patriarch, Patriarch, save me, there's another peak undying god King Abyss race here!"

When Mo Sha flew towards them, the Warriors and disciples of the night clan and the world margin sect all had expressions of fear.

A Pinnacle Undying God king abyss seed was flying towards them, what awaited them was a massacre!

Rumble

Mo Sha raised his head and spat out a ball of sulfur-like flames.

In an instant, hundreds of thousands of experts and disciples were enveloped by the sulfur-like flames.

"Dodge, Dodge immediately!"

Everyone who was retreating in an orderly manner shouted out in fear.

Many experts tried their best to dodge the terrifying sulfur-like flames.

"Ahhhh!"

However, Mo Sha's round of attacks instantly struck 200,000 to 300,000 experts and disciples, causing them to let out miserable cries. Some of them died immediately.

Rumble

The Flames on his body rushed straight into the crowd of sky and night race disciples.

The flames engulfed the surrounding corpses and were immediately absorbed into the space ring.

"Not good!"

"Damn it, why is there another race!"

At this time, the night race ancestor looked over, his eyes bloodshot as he roared madly.

"Brother Ye, we'll defend against these three pinnacle undying Emperor Abyss species, you go and help!"

The two ancestors looked over, their hearts sinking, they immediately roared.

"Beast, die!"

The night race ancestor didn't hesitate, his face filled with rage as he charged over.

If it was any later, the entire night race and world margin sect disciples would have been slaughtered by that pinnacle undying emperor abyss species!

"Hehehe!"

Mo Sha saw a pinnacle undying emperor rushing over, he smiled sinisterly, with a sweep of his tail, the surrounding 100,000 warriors were instantly killed.

"I'll block that Pinnacle Undying Emperor, you guys kill the night clan and the world margin sect!"

Two consecutive attacks killed another 100,000 members of the night clan and the world margin sect, Mo Sha saw the night clan patriarch flying over, he communicated to the back.

At the rear, the entire clan under Mo Sha's control had also arrived.

In a short span of a few dozen seconds, his attack had destroyed 500,000 to 600,000 members of the world margin and the night clan.

"All disciples flee. All experts lead disciples to immediately flee from the Abyss!"

The night clan's Patriarch's gaze swept across the area below, his face solemn as he roared sternly