Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2751

In the Abyss, the area where the disciples of the Night Race's world margin sect were located was in a tragic state.

The sudden appearance of Mo Sha and the others caused a large number of the disciples of the two forces who were originally filled with fighting spirit to die.

Especially in this situation, the sudden appearance of Mo sha blocked their first steps of retreat.

At this time, in front of them, the densely packed billions of abyss seeds had already rushed over.

Most importantly, more than 100 million abyssal seeds were attacking them from the right side of their retreat route.

At this moment, everyone from the horizon great sect and the night clan looked extremely embarrassed, their hearts beating violently.

Why were they so unlucky?

"All Disciples, follow me. Fly towards the left and find an opportunity to leave the Abyss!"

An elder from the night clan saw this scene and roared in a deep voice.

"All elders and deacons stay behind to defend against the attacks of the Abyss!"

Another elder of the night clan roared.

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

After a series of responses, all the Warriors came to the back and attacked the abyss.

"All warriors lead the weaker disciples to fly, flying extremely fast!"

The world margin sect leader looked over and roared.

"Yes!"

The group of Undying Emperor Warriors immediately used their energy to lead the other disciples to flee to the left.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Behind them, the group of Abyss Warriors roared, all of them letting out earth shattering roars, countless energies shot forward.

The group of warriors from the forces behind struggled to resist, immediately fleeing!

"Ah! Ah!"

However at this time, a night race elder suddenly let out a scream, his body flying backwards.

"Fifth Elder!"

The few executive elders looked over, their expressions changing.

However, at this time, five undying level 9 abyss species pounced on the elder.

"Damn it!"

"Let's Go!"

"Fifth, we'll take revenge for you!"

An angry voice resounded, the rest of the elders immediately turned and fled.

At this time, they couldn't help at all, otherwise they would be covered by the Endless Abyss army.

"One undying level 9!"

Five undying level 9 abyss species pounced over and killed the night clan elder, one of them had a smile in his eyes as he communicated.

"Continue, kill!"

Another abyss species communicated, the five of them continued to charge forward.

"Beasts, Beasts!"

From the side, they saw their own disciples running for their lives. Seeing an elder fall, they roared angrily.

As they fought, they led their disciples to retreat, paying attention to their disciples.

"Ahhhh!"

Not long after, a few more screams sounded.

Two deacons and an elder had fallen!

"Roar, if this continues, even if we can escape, we will suffer heavy casualties!"

In the sky, the night clan leader and Patriarch's hearts were bleeding.

"Our Night clan requests the support of all the major powers. If we are willing to lend a hand, we will definitely repay them tenfold."

The Night Race's patriarch roared with a gloomy expression.

His cry for help spread far and wide.

"Oh? What happened to the night race? The night race has joined forces with the world margin great sect. This time, their side has the most peak divine king experts. What's Happening Now?"

In the Central Region, the two imperial court protectors were slightly alarmed when they heard this cry for help.

They were well aware of the strength of the night race and the world margin sect this time.

"Could it be that other races are going to attack them?"

The two of them looked at each other and were slightly shocked. However, they could not get away at this moment.

At the back, all the powerful disciples of the imperial court were also slightly shocked.

"Did they succeed?"

At this moment, at the location of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian was looking at the peak of the Immortal King Level Abyss seed that was on the verge of death. When he heard this voice, he raised his eyebrows slightly and revealed a smile on his face.

The night race was asking for help, which meant that the demonic fiend had brought them great trouble.

"Pu!"

"Dragon King, it's Done!"

At this moment, Ao Qitian said with a smile on his face.

Wang Xian waved his arm and kept the corpse of the peak of the immortal king level abyssal seed.

"Let's get rid of the other abyssal seeds!"

He said with a smile on his face.

The night clan and the world margin sect were in deep trouble, while the Dragon Palace was reaping the fruits.

After getting rid of this pinnacle god King Abyss Seed, Ao Qitian began to hunt the other abyss seeds.

This was easy for him.

The group of Undying Level 9 abyss seeds were easily killed by AO qitian.

Following which, it was a one sided massacre.

In less than 5 minutes, over 200 million corpses were all collected.

One peak-level immortal king abyssal seed and 13 Level 9 immortal king abyssal seeds.

"After this, I'll parasitize the two ancestors of the world margin sect!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes and said with a smile.

Once he parasitized the world margin sect, the Dragon Palace would be able to obtain more information and gain more initiative.

"Dragon King, there's a large number of abyssal seeds flying towards us from the right!"

Just as Wang Xian was flying to the command platform of Dragon Peak, the sky array spoke,

"HMM?"

Wang Xian looked at the screen in front of him. Dense red dots appeared on the screen. These red dots were moving rapidly towards him.

He raised his head and looked towards the right. Following that, he narrowed his eyes slowly.

"Hehe, what a spectacular sight!"

Gradually, figures appeared in Wang Xian's line of sight.

A group of more than a million people were flying in their direction frantically. Behind them, there were billions of abyssal seeds.

In the sky, there was still a huge battle.

Four peak-stage godly monarch experts versus five peak-stage godly monarch abyssal seeds.

"Looks like Mo Sha did a good job this time!"

Wang Xian mumbled with a smile.

The Ye clan and the world margin sect were enemies now. The more severe their losses, the more advantageous it would be for the Dragon Palace.

"There's a huge mountain in front of us. That's the Dragon Peak. It's the Dragon Peak!"

Right at this moment, an elder leading young emperor ye fled to the front of the million-plus members of the world margin sect.

The elder swept his gaze forward and suddenly saw the huge mountain in the abyss. He growled in a low voice.

"The Dragon Peak of the Dragon Palace?"

Young Emperor Ye asked with a dark expression.

"Yes, it's Dragon Mountain!"

"The Dragon Palace has a pinnacle undying emperor guarding it, if they are willing to help, we can be saved!"

The elder roared with his eyes wide open.

"This Dragon Palace will save us?"

Young Emperor Ye's expression changed!

The elder beside him also had an ugly expression.

"Our Night clan is requesting for reinforcements from the Dragon Palace!" Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The elder gritted his teeth. At this moment, he could only try his best!

"Interesting. Requesting for reinforcements from us?"

When Wang Xian heard the elder of the night clan, a mocking expression appeared on his face.

"What a bunch of Fools!"

He shouted directly!