Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2752: , a diversion

"What a bunch of stupid things!"

When Wang Xian shouted, his words were heard by everyone in the surrounding area.

His sarcastic voice made everyone from the night clan turn pale when they heard it.

The leader of a force said that they were a bunch of stupid things?

If this news were to spread out, the night clan wouldn't be able to afford to lose face!

However, some of the experts and disciples of the night clan also understood that it was too difficult to get the Dragon Palace to help them.

The main reason was that they were too close to the horizon sect.

However, the core disciples also knew why they were so close to the horizon sect.

"This Dragon King deserves to die!"

Young Emperor Ye, who was running at the forefront, growled with a murderous look on his face.

They originally didn't have much hope, however the Dragon King's public humiliation made them even angrier.

However, they couldn't do anything about it.

"Wait for the patriarch to become Emperor, the first one to destroy the Dragon Palace!"

The elder beside young emperor roared with a dark expression.

"Damn it!"

In the air, the Ye clan leader and patriarch who were struggling to resist the five pinnacle undying god King Abyss seeds had extremely ugly expressions when they heard this.

"Let's go, we'll draw the Five Pinnacle Undying God King Abyss seeds over to Dragon Mountain and let Dragon Palace draw some firepower!"

"Those Five Pinnacle Undying God King Abyss seeds will definitely attack Dragon Mountain, when that time comes, even if Dragon Palace doesn't make a move, they will!"

"The moment we can spare one person, we can lead a group of disciples and escape!"

At this time, world end patriarch Feng Yaazi's voice resounded in their minds.

Feng Yazi and the others were filled with hatred towards the Dragon Palace.

They were naturally happy to see an opportunity to cause trouble for the Dragon Palace and alleviate their troubles.

"Alright, let's go. We'll lead these beasts towards Dragon Peak!"

The leader of the night clan didn't hesitate at all and immediately shifted the battlefield towards Dragon Peak.

In a battle of their level, the speed of moving the battlefield was extremely fast.

Especially against the abyss species, it was much easier.

"HM? Dragon King, they want to draw the five pinnacle god King Abyss species towards us."

At this time, the sky array saw the nine pinnacle god King Warriors moving towards them, seeing their intentions, it immediately said.

If a battle of this level were to take place near the Dragon Peak, given its size, it would definitely be affected.

They wanted to force the Dragon Palace to make a move.

"HMPH!"

Wang Xian let out a soft shout and his eyes were filled with murderous intent.

"Powerhouses of the night race and the world's end, I advise you not to lead the battlefield here!"

He opened his mouth and shouted coldly.

"Hahaha, we are no match for these abyssal seeds. We didn't lead them here because we were forced here."

The clan leader of the night race laughed out loud in a sinister manner and cut off all ties with them.

"In that case, we will help you deal with these five peak-stage immortal king abyssal seeds!"

"However, in order to prevent our dragon palace disciples from being attacked by other abyssal seeds, we need to defend ourselves!"

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian smiled sinisterly.

He gestured to the sky array beside him.

"Hahaha, we are here to help you. Don't let the other abyss species hinder us!"

With a wave of the sky array's arm, all the disciples of the Dragon Peak fled in the direction in front of them!

Three thorny monsters instantly formed.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Ao Xingmu was the first to charge out. All the other Starwood Dragon species flew out at the same time. One by one, thorny vines appeared in front of them and set up an extremely powerful thorny defense.

This defense covered an area of over 1 billion km, blocking the escape routes of all the disciples and warriors of the night clan and the world margin sect.

"Dragon Palace, what are you doing?"

The members of the Dragon Palace suddenly attacked, a barrier appeared in front of them, in the sky, the night clan leader saw this scene, his expression changed, he roared with killing intent.

"Of course, I'm prepared to help you guys deal with a peak immortal King Abyss Seed!"

Wang Xian stared at the leader of the night clan and said mockingly.

Boom! Boom

As he spoke, the three thorny monsters flew slowly into the sky.

The Dragon Palace was indeed prepared to deal with a peak immortal King Abyss seed.

"Mo Sha, let's kill one of them. Don't let the powerhouses of the night clan and the world's end go down to support us!"

At the same time, the sky array sent a voice transmission to Mo Sha.

Mo Sha nodded his head without leaving a trace.

"AO qitian, go over and cooperate with the sky array to kill that peak level undying godly monarch. Ao Jian, bring the world's end ruler and the dragon machine over too!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. With a wave of his arm, he passed the Mother Nest to Ao Jian.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao Qitian replied. Ao Jian led the three level 9 undying godly monarch experts and flew up into the sky immediately.

"Night Race Warrior, Our Dragon Palace will help you take care of a peak undying level abyss seed!"

The sky array spoke to the night race ancestor in the sky, controlling the three brambles and immediately attacking one of them.

The three brambles immediately drew it over, the brambles covered the surroundings, forming a single space.

Ao qitian, Ao Jian, and the others moved and directly entered the space covered by the brambles.

"Huh?"

Seeing that the Dragon Palace had really made a move, the night clan leader and the others were slightly stunned.

"Dragon King, immediately remove your defenses, immediately!"

However, the night clan leader looked down and roared with an extremely ugly expression.

"I'm sorry, I'm an array master. I need to control the three brambles formed by the array. At this time, we can't let the other Abyss species get close. We're also helping you!"

Sky Array said with a laugh.

"Damn it!"

"They did it on purpose!"

The Night Clan's patriarch and the others cursed with extremely gloomy expressions.

The Dragon Palace did it on purpose, but the Dragon Palace did help them block a peak-stage godly monarch abyss species. Even if they were seen by others, they couldn't say anything.

After all, it was the night clan and the world horizon great sect who deliberately lured the battlefield here.

The other party was an array master. What could they say about such behavior?

The array masters who were approached were very weak!

The night clan and the Dragon Palace were obviously tricking the Dragon Palace, but the Dragon Palace was also clearly tricking the night clan.

"Patriarch, Patriarch, save us!"

At this time, the most panicked people were undoubtedly the more than one million people who were escaping below.

They saw the huge defense in front of them blocking their way. As long as they paused for even a moment, they would be drowned by the countless abyss seeds behind them. Everyone was a little scared.

"I'll withdraw, you guys help me block the abyss seeds in front of me, I only need a few seconds!"

The night clan leader looked over, gritting his teeth as he roared.

Without a peak undying emperor abyss seed, their pressure was much less.

At this time, they had a chance to withdraw and save a bunch of disciples.

"Alright!"

World Margin and night clan leader immediately shouted, preparing the three of them to stall the four peak undying Emperor Abyss seeds!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

However at this time, an incomparably berserk voice resounded.

Mo Sha went berserk!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om