Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2753: 2,753 Dragon Palace’s strength and contribution points

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha's god King Pinnacle Abyss seed had been peacefully fighting with world end Patriarch Wu Lin Gao. Now that he saw the night clan leader trying to get rid of a peak undying god King to save his disciples, he immediately went berserk.

A wave of energy attacked the night clan leader.

"Damn it, stop right there!"

Wu Lin Gao's expression turned cold when he saw Mo sha attacking the Ye clan leader. The pagoda released terrifying flames as it attacked Mo Sha.

Mo Sha immediately tried to defend, but he still attacked and interfered with the Ye clan leader.

"Beast!"

The Ye clan leader's expression changed when he saw this scene.

The abyss seed looked ordinary just now, but now it suddenly went berserk and stopped him from saving people!

This made him extremely angry.

"Patriarch, Patriarch, save me!"

"Ah Ah Ah!"

At this moment, cries for help were heard again.

The Patriarch of the Ye clan looked over, and his eyes instantly turned blood-red.

The disciples of the Ye clan and the disciples of the Horizon had already arrived in front of the defense set up by the Dragon Palace.

Facing such a terrifying defense, they couldn't break it at all.

And the moment they stopped, the abyss seed behind them had already attacked.

The elders and deacons at the back were the first to arrive.

However even though they were the top warriors of the night race, facing the overwhelming attacks, they still couldn't resist for long.

Especially the poisonous dragon seed and the others, they usually had 4 to 5, or even 5 to 6 of them attacking an elder or deacon!

Facing such an attack, even an undying level 9 elder couldn't withstand more than a few attacks.

From the time they escaped till now, 4 of them had died.

They had 9 elders following them this time.

As for the sect leader and 3 elders, they weren't attacked, after all they were on the same side.

"They're catching up, catching up!"

A terrified voice came from the mouths of more than a million disciples.

At this moment, the night clan disciples no longer had any fighting spirit.

The elders, deacons, and billions of Abyss species were chasing after them.

They didn't have the strength to resist!

Their only goal now was to escape and run for their lives.

"Damn the Dragon Palace, they've blocked the road ahead for us!"

"Elders, patriarch, we can't hold them off for long!"

The elders and deacons at the back shouted in fear.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

As soon as they finished speaking, countless abyssal creatures had already rushed over.

"Everyone, don't panic, resist!"

"Wait for the patriarch and the others to rescue us!"

The elder at the front shouted with a stern face but a weak heart.

"Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it!"

In the sky, the violent demonic fiend blocked the support of the clan leader of the Ye clan, making his face extremely violent.

He looked down.

The abyssal seed had already fought with the disciples. In just a moment of collision, more than 100,000 disciples had died.

Even if a group of experts and disciples had killed hundreds of thousands of abyssal seeds, the number of abyssal seeds was too many.

The largest abyss species in this region, along with Mo Sha and the one that was attacked, there were 3 large species.

Just the undying Emperor Level 9 species alone had over 60!

How could they defend against them?

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

Right at this time, within the abyss species, terrifying attacks spread out.

At least 20 undying level 9 abyss races attacked at the same time!

"No!"

The group of elders and deacons at the front saw this terrifying attack and their hearts pounded violently!

"Beast, get lost!" Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The night clan leader in the air couldn't sit still anymore. He extended his arm and a finger turned into a resplendent gold light.

This finger directly fell off and attacked Mo Sha.

"HM?"

Mo Sha felt the threat from this finger. His expression changed slightly and he hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Sou!"

"Hong!"

The golden finger tore through the air. Mo Sha dodged, but his speed was too terrifying and pierced through his tail.

His entire tail directly emitted a violent explosion and exploded!

"Howl Howl!"

Mo Sha felt the intense pain, he let out a scream, not daring to continue.

Rumble Rumble Rumble

"Ah Ah Ah!"

However at this time, the sounds of explosions and screams could be heard from below.

The night clan leader's blood red gaze looked over, his body couldn't help but tremble.

Over a million people, under this terrifying attack, at least half died.

Especially the Undying Emperor.

This time, their losses were too huge!

"Howl!"

He roared, his entire body emitting golden light, looking extremely terrifying.

"Leader, save us!"

The disciples saw their leader flying over and shouted in fear.

"Go!"

The night clan leader waved his golden light, enveloping everyone, a powerful energy moved him to the side.

"Howl Howl Howl Howl!"

However, the countless abyss races ahead didn't fear the arrival of the pinnacle undying fighters.

Especially the level 9 undying fighters, they all attacked one by one.

The night clan leader's expression changed, waving his arm forward.

"Rumble!"

The thorny defense set up by the members of the Dragon Palace was broken, he led his disciples and flew forward.

He was a pinnacle undying emperor, but against 60 or so undying level 9 warriors, along with the countless other abyss species, he had to flee!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Suddenly, a scream came from above.

The sudden sound stunned everyone and even all the abyss species.

The night clan leader and the others stared wide eyed at the source of the sound.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

They were looking at a space that was surrounded by thorns. However, at this moment, the thorns were withdrawn one by one.

Everyone saw an incomparably huge corpse lying quietly inside.

The peak-level immortal King Abyss Seed had been destroyed!

"Hehe, I originally wanted to help you guys by eliminating this peak-level immortal King Abyss seed. It seems like there's no need!"

Wang Xian looked over and smiled at the clan leader of the Ye clan.

The clan leader of the Ye clan's expression changed drastically. He scanned the corpse with some fear.

How long has it been?

Two Minutes?

A peak-level undying godly monarch abyss seed was actually destroyed by the Dragon Palace!

Such strength...

"The Dragon Palace actually destroyed a peak-level undying godly monarch abyss seed so quickly!"

"Hiss, they are so powerful!"

The powerful disciples of the night clan and the world margin sect who were enveloped by the golden light were also slightly shocked when they saw this scene.

"Hahaha, let's Go!"

Wang Xian laughed heartily and said directly.

Buzz

Ao Qitian and the rest kept their corpses and entered the Dragon Peak.

The Dragon Peak rumbled and flew out of the Abyss.

As for the abyssal seeds, they could not catch up with the speed of the Dragon Peak.

As for the countless abyssal seeds, in order to avoid accidents, he did not continue to kill them.

After all, the night clan and the horizon sect would not join forces with them to kill the abyssal seeds.