Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2754: Dragon Palace’s strength and contribution points

"Let's Go!"

Seeing Long Feng leave, the night clan leader and the rest's expressions changed. They didn't dare to stay any longer and immediately roared.

He led a group of disciples and swiftly flew out.

In addition, the world margin sect forefather and the night clan forefather immediately got rid of the four peak undying Emperor Abyss seeds and fled.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Countless abyss seeds saw them escape and roared as they chased after them.

However, with a peak godly monarch leading them, they quickly pulled away.

"Damn Dragon Palace, if it wasn't for them this time, we..."

After getting rid of the abyss seeds, the night clan patriarch roared angrily.

He didn't finish his sentence. Without the Dragon Palace, they would have suffered heavy losses as well.

"This time, we've completely made the Dragon Palace's wedding dress!"

A world margin sect elder said with a dark expression.

This time, they had killed the abyss seed and suffered heavy losses. In the end, the Dragon Palace used this opportunity to kill a pinnacle undying god King Abyss seed.

"Leader, we've lost six elders, 18 deacons and over 8,000 undying God Kings."

At this time, an elder flew over, his expression extremely ugly.

"Cough cough cough, this grudge, our night clan will remember!"

The night clan leader said coldly.

This loss was a huge blow to their night clan.

Especially the loss of 6 undying level 9 warriors.

Their night clan's strength was much stronger than the other large sects, however 6 level 9 warriors was a huge number.

Before the war broke out, their night clan hadn't lost an undying level 9 warrior in tens of millions of years.

"Father, after the forefather improves, destroy the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace!"

In the front, Young Emperor Ye flew over and said with a savage expression.

The night clan leader nodded coldly, looking at his broken finger, his expression was even more unsightly.

Using a technique to break a finger, this kind of damage was almost hard to recover from.

"Dragon King, we've made a huge profit this time, Haha!"

One side was happy while the other side was sad, within Dragon Mountain, even the sky array was laughing.

This time, they had just destroyed a large race, a pinnacle undying Emperor Abyss Seed, 13 undying level 9 and over 200 million abyss seeds.

Finally, they had killed another peak level undying godly monarch abyss seed.

In other words, just these resources alone could increase the Dragon Palace by three peak level undying godly monarchs.

The number of other experts was even higher.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian smiled. The rewards this time were indeed huge.

"Also, Dragon King, I think we can let Mo sha return after this battle."

Tian Chen suggested from the side.

"It's indeed time to return!"

He nodded slightly.

They had initiated today's battle together with the imperial court and the night clan's Tian Ya. There was a divine emperor powerhouse who had personally entered the depths of the Abyss to carry out a game of suppression.

If it were any other time, the Dragon Palace would very likely be targeted by the divine emperor in the depths of the abyss if they attacked an abyssal race like this.

Even if there was no need to target them, as long as the god Emperor in the depths of the Abyss gave an order, the dragon palace would suffer heavy losses.

"Mo Sha seems to have quite a number of resources over there!"

Heaven Array spoke.

Wang Xian nodded. Mo Sha had caused the imperial court to suffer heavy losses last time. He should have obtained quite a number of corpses.

In addition to his current race, there were more than 100 million abyss seeds. This was another huge harvest.

"I just don't know how many peak immortal king level powerhouses I can add!"

Wang Xian mumbled and immediately sent a message to Mo Sha.

At the same time, Mo Sha who was in the Abyss received Wang Xian's message and squinted his eyes slightly.

"My minions, Get Ready. destroy all the abyss species. Let's go back!"

Mo Sha immediately sent a voice transmission to all his members.

"Yes, Boss!"

The group of poisonous horned dragons immediately replied.

Following that, Mo Sha led all his subordinates to an extremely secretive place. With a single command, they began the massacre.

In this tribe, the powerful ones were all parasitized by the poisonous horned dragons.

There were more than 8,000 poisonous horned dragons controlling their bodies. In less than a minute, they destroyed all the other abyssal seeds.

After they kept the corpses, they immediately flew out.

According to the coordinates sent by Wang Xian, Mo Sha and the rest flew over in less than an hour. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Dragon King!"

Mo Sha flew over with a smile on his face.

"Sky Array, how many resources do you have over there?"

Before Wang Xian could reply, sky array could not help but ask.

"Keke, Dragon King, I got quite a lot of resources this time!"

"One peak undying god King Abyss Seed Corpse, 25 Level 9 undying God King Abyss seed corpses!"

Mo Sha couldn't help but laugh.

One Peak Corpse was the one he had parasitized, there were another 10 level 9 corpses in the race, along with the night race warriors he had killed, along with the imperial court and the other abyss seed corpses he had found, there were a total of 25 level 9 undying god King corpses.

"With Mo Sha, Ao Qitian, Long Mo, Ba Qi, and the resources in my hands, I can produce 7 peak level undying God king experts. Dragon King, I have the confidence to fight against a level 1 void God Emperor!"

The sky array was calculating by the side as his eyes gleamed.

A few days ago, Wang Xian had asked about the sky array. If he wanted to fight against the void God Emperor, he and the 10 peak level undying God king experts from the Dragon Palace were sufficient.

Currently, the resources of the Dragon Palace were sufficient to produce seven peak-stage immortal King realm experts.

With their strength, they were sufficient to fight against the god Emperor.

When Wang Xian heard his words, his eyes sparkled and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

Currently, other than the Heaven Array, the Dragon Palace had four peak-stage immortal King realm experts. With the addition of seven, it could reach eleven.

"What about the god Emperor who has just broken through?"

Wang Xian asked Tian Chen.

"Dragon King, the celestial thearch of the night race relied on the inheritance of his ancestors to achieve a breakthrough. He is the weakest among the celestial thearchs who have just broken through. However, because he has the treasures of his ancestors, he is similar to an ordinary being who has broken through to the celestial thearch realm."

"If such a breakthrough did not take hundreds of thousands or millions of years to accumulate, I would be able to pin him down if I were to have eight or nine peak-stage celestial thearch. After all, the strength of the dragon machine is also very strong!"

Tian Chen said confidently.

He was once a godly monarch, and he was one of the outstanding ones among the Resplendent Starry Sky Godly monarchs.

If he said that he could pin him down, he would definitely be able to do so.

This was the confidence of a former supreme expert in the void.

"Do you know how many godly monarchs there are in the imperial court?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he asked.

"According to what I know before I died, there should be three of them. One of them might have reached the second stage of the godly monarch of the Void!"

"The Emperor Star Field is among the seven great regions. Among the seven forces in the starry sky, it is ranked at most five or six!"

Heaven Array said.

"En!"

"I wonder when the Dragon Palace will have a void God realm. Hehe, let's go and exchange for treasures to increase our strength!"

Wang Xian smiled and said.