Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2755: ’s strength had increased dramatically, and the plan was complete

"Buzz!"

Dragon Peak flew quickly toward the frontline planet of the imperial court.

When Dragon Peak came to the front of the planets, he found that many forces around them had also come out of the abyss.

The most eye-catching one was the imperial court, which had tens of millions of people flying over from the Abyss.

The Emperor Court warriors and disciples were all smiling, it was obvious that they had gained a lot this time, and they didn't lose much either.

"HM? That's Dragon Mountain, I heard that the Dragon Palace went to fight a large scale abyss race, I wonder if they succeeded!"

"With the Dragon Palace's strength, they naturally easily destroyed the entire abyss race, and I heard that the Night Race's world margin sect managed to escape to the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon Palace took action and destroyed another peak undying god King Abyss species, the Dragon Palace's strength is even more terrifying than I imagined!"

"Hiss, are you serious, we didn't even manage to wipe out the pinnacle undying god King race this time, the Dragon Palace actually managed to wipe out two!"

"The news from the night race is still fake?"? I heard that the Dragon Palace even tried to stop the night race from escaping, this time the night race was the most unlucky, they were attacked by three large scale races, and attacked by five pinnacle undying god King races!"

"I heard that the powerful Abyss races'intelligence has evolved. This time, the night race is really unlucky. However, if our guardian didn't go to Ping Yi Island, we would have been able to destroy one or two peak undying Emperor Abyss races!"

"Right now, there are people saying that the dragon palace is stronger than the night race, I wonder if that's true!"

When Dragon Mountain flew over, the Warriors and disciples of the Imperial Court, Jiu Xiao and the others also noticed.

Regarding the battle not long ago, they were well informed and knew many things.

Everyone from the night clan had heard the cry for help, and the power of the Dragon Palace, many had only just learned about it.

Looking at the huge and Majestic Dragon Mountain, everyone had looks of respect on their faces.

Even some of the elders and deacons of the imperial court had a hint of respect towards the Dragon Palace.

Killing two peak level immortal King Abyss seeds was not something that an ordinary faction could do.

The Battle of the Abyss had begun. The imperial court had only killed one peak level immortal King Abyss seed.

"Let's go to the Merit Exchange Office!" Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Wang Xian said to the sky array and the rest. They flew straight into the eye-catching hall of a planet.

"Dragon King!"

Seeing Wang Xian and the rest arrive, some of the staff members in front of the hall greeted them respectfully.

The current Dragon Palace was a well-known existence in the entire imperial star field.

On the list of heroes, the experts from the Dragon Palace occupied the majority. This represented their strength.

The Dragon Palace was also ranked first on the list of powers'points.

"Get the manager of Your Hall of Merit Over Here!"

Wang Xian said to a staff member immediately.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The staff member didn't dare to be negligent and entered immediately.

"I heard that the Dragon Palace has just killed a large-scale abyss species in the abyss. Are you here to exchange for Merit Treasures?"

Soon, an old man walked over respectfully and asked with a smile.

"Yes, I would like to trouble the manager to bring over a large number of elixirs. Our Dragon Palace is prepared to use all of our merit points to exchange for elixirs. Spiritual Herbs and divine fruits are also acceptable. There are no restrictions on their effects!"

Wang Xian looked at the old man and said directly.

"Huh?"

The old man was stunned for a moment before he asked tentatively, "Dragon King, do you have two corpses of peak-level immortal King Abyss Seeds?"

"Yes, two corpses of peak-level abyss seeds, thirteen corpses of level nine and more than forty corpses of level eight. Does the imperial court have so many elixirs, spiritual herbs and divine fruits to exchange for?"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Yes, our imperial court naturally has so many treasures. Dragon King, please wait for a moment. We will go and prepare them now!"

The elder in charge said immediately.

Wang Xian nodded his head as well.

The corpses of Abyss seeds were exchanged at the imperial court. It was slightly more than the resources absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pool.

However, it was impossible for Wang Xian to take out all the corpses of Abyss seeds. It was also impossible for him to take out the corpses of the experts of the imperial court.

He was here to exchange for elixirs. There was another point, which was that Wang Xian was going to upgrade himself this time.

After upgrading himself, he would have the combat strength of a peak immortal king.

"Congratulations, Dragon Palace. Congratulations, Dragon King. You have reaped great rewards this time!"

In less than five minutes, an old man walked in and said to Wang Xian with a smile.

"Hehe, without the presence of the celestial emperor of the imperial court, we wouldn't have the chance to hunt down these abyssal seeds!"

Wang Xian looked at the protector of the imperial court and said politely.

"That's because the dragon palace has the ability to do so. After this, no one will be able to surpass the achievements of the Dragon Palace. We also have to thank the Dragon Palace for their contributions to the humans of the Imperial Star Field!"

"The Dragon King wants to exchange for pills, herbs, and divine fruits. We can satisfy him here!"

The old man said with a smile.

"Alright, this is the corpse that we need to exchange for the abyssal seed!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he handed over a few interspatial rings.

The old man took them and took a look. Then, he nodded and took out a few interspatial rings to do some conversion.

"Dragon King, Please Check It!"

The old man handed over the interspatial ring and said.

"Thank you."

Wang Xian took a glance and said with a smile.

"Hehe, you don't have to be so polite!"

The old man smiled.

Wang Xian cupped his hands and left.

"The strength of the dragon palace is indeed not simple. There should be five or six peak godly monarch powerhouses!"

The old man looked at the silhouettes of Wang Xian and the rest. With a move of his body, he disappeared.

"What is it that requires you to make a trip, state elder?"

Soon, the old man appeared in a large hall. Four old men looked over and one of them asked.

"The Dragon Palace exchanged for treasures, they killed 2 Pinnacle Undying Emperor Abyss seeds, over 10 level 9 ones, the rest were even more."

The old man said indifferently.

"I heard that the Dragon Palace used about a minute to kill a pinnacle undying emperor abyss seed!"

A protector raised his eyebrows, his eyes gleamed as he said.

"We can already confirm, the night clan said that they killed a pinnacle undying emperor abyss seed within a minute or so."

Another protector beside said.

"To kill a pinnacle undying emperor within a minute, I estimate that only the 10 of us will be able to do so. This Dragon Palace's strength isn't simple!"

In the center, an old man said with a glint in his eyes.

Weng

At this time, a silhouette shrouded in light appeared in front of the hall.

Upon seeing this figure, everyone immediately gathered their thoughts and revealed respectful expressions.

"Greetings, great ancestor!"

The five people bowed and shouted.

"Mn, we can already confirm that there is only one black mage-type god Emperor Abyss seed. After the day and Night Race's Night Abyss ascends, the night race, along with you and the other factions in the Imperial Star Field, will guard this place. I will rush to Pingyi!"

The illusory figure shrouded in light appeared and said directly.

"Oh? Great ancestor, is Pingyi about to erupt?"

The group of elders were slightly startled and immediately asked.

"Soon!"

The illusory figure shrouded in light nodded.