Chapter 2756: ’s strength increased, completing the setup

"On this battlefield, with the current situation in the Abyss, our strength can definitely fight back!"

"The abyss seed may have evolved, you guys lead your disciples carefully, not hunting, as long as we can defend this place, that's enough!"

The silhouette shrouded in light continued.

"After the night race's Ye Yuan becomes emperor, the night race and the world margin sect will probably attack and destroy the Dragon Palace, this will affect our strength!"

"For the Dragon Palace to be able to destroy a peak undying god King Abyss seed within a minute, its strength should not be weaker than the previous night race. It might even be stronger!"

A protector frowned and said.

"MN? That Dragon Palace's Dragon Peak is indeed extraordinary. However, for the night race to produce a void God emperor, they still need to guard this place. Our imperial court has to give them some respect!"

"You can look for the people from the world margin great religion and ask if you can destroy them later. After all, with the Dragon Palace here, we can share quite a bit of the pressure!"

"If the night clan and the world margin great religion do not agree, then destroy them!"

The illusory figure shrouded in light said.

"It's great ancestor!"

The five imperial court protectors nodded. They understood this very well.

The night race had given birth to a void God Emperor. Although his status was still inferior to their imperial court, he was already able to speak with the imperial court.

Especially during this period of time, if the night race wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace, they would do so. The imperial court would not interfere and would even help.

After all, a god Emperor was not something that a large sect could compare to.

A large sect could be destroyed easily, but a god emperor transcended everything.

"Hum!"

The illusory figure shrouded in light slowly disappeared.

"Old Wen, you are familiar with the horizon great sect. Their grudges also originated from the horizon great sect. Go Ask Feng Yaazi and the others of the horizon great sect if they are willing to wait until the battle situation stabilizes before destroying the Dragon Palace!"

"After the battle situation stabilizes, tell them that the imperial court is willing to help them take revenge!"

"No matter what, the world margin sect has done a lot for our imperial court."

Seeing that the great ancestor had finished, a protector said to an elder beside him.

"Alright, I'll go and ask!"

The elder nodded.

...

"Dragon King, shall we return to the Dragon Palace Now?"

At this moment, in the Dragon Peak, Mo Sha asked Wang Xian.

"Let's go back. I need to undergo an upgrade. The Dragon Palace also needs to undergo a major upgrade. Since we have obtained so many merits, we don't have to do anything for the time being!"

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Dragon King, I'll go and look for Ba Qi. I'll parasitize the two patriarchs of the world margin sect now. As long as I parasitize them, there won't be too much of a problem!"

Mo Sha said!

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and reminded him, "Be careful. Don't let anything go wrong!"

"Don't worry, Dragon King. There won't be any mistakes!"

Mo sha nodded his head confidently!

"Alright, Sky Formation, you will be in charge here. You will be in contact with Mo Sha, Ba Qi, and some poisonous horned dragons. Half a month later, although we are still no match for the imperial court, we are no longer afraid of the night clan!"

Wang Xian smiled and ordered the sky formation.

"Yes, Dragon King. Don't worry, We Are Here!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The sky array smiled and nodded!

"Poison Nine, Ao Xingmu, Ao Yao, and Mu Zesen, lead all the disciples back to the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and his figure slowly disappeared.

The next moment, he appeared in the main Dragon Palace. He looked at the resources in his interspatial ring and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

These pills were enough for him to increase his strength by one level. In addition, he could also add two peak immortal king members as well as a large number of other level members.

Howl

He growled and turned into his dragon God body. His huge body gave off a faint pressure.

Within his space ring, the pills, herbs and fruits entered his stomach and quickly turned into dragon energy.

"Ding, Congratulations on your level increase, you have reached undying Emperor Level 4!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon God (man-dragon unity)

Level: Immortal King Level 4(Divine Dragon Transformation 7th form)

Origin: 1,214,4344/1,000,000,000,000

Ability: rule the water race (rule the water race below one's level)

Devour living beings (devour living beings to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Technique: Divine Dragon Transformation

Ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: five elements great mill, Dragon Country in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms, divine dragon tail swing!

Physical Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (Level 4)

Kingdom of God: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 7.

Members of Dragon Palace: 411,842

Boom

A powerful force spread out in the surroundings. Wang Xian's body directly grew to 20,000 meters. Every dragon scale was emitting a luster, just like a diamond under the sun!

Sacred, Majestic, and inviolable!

"I've finally reached the peak of Immortal King Level Combat Strength!"

Wang Xian opened his dragon eyes. Seven-colored light flickered in his pupils as a smile appeared on his face.

"Roar Roar!"

He let out a low groan and continued to devour the pills. Soon, a huge amount of origin dragon energy was accumulated in his body again.

"Ao Yao, Ao Xingmu, Mu Zesen, come over here!"

Wang Xian's mind moved and his voice was transmitted directly into their minds.

"Dragon King!"

Soon, the three of them came to the Dragon King Palace and bowed respectfully.

"Prepare to level up!"

Wang Xian said. At the same time, waves of Majestic Dragon Energy were transmitted into their God area.

The three of them were delighted as they quickly absorbed the origin dragon energy.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Not long after, a majestic aura erupted from the three of them.

The Dragon Palace once again produced three Pinnacle Immortal King Warriors.

"Gather all the members of the Dragon Palace and enter the dragon transformation pool to level up!"

Looking at the two of them, Wang Xian smiled and ordered Prime Minister Gui who was not far away.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the abyss seeds were not used to exchange for pills. The Dragon Palace only revealed the corpses of two Pinnacle Immortal King Abyss seeds.

He still had one in his hands, along with a large number of level 9 undying Emperor corpses.

In this wave, the Dragon Palace could produce seven pinnacle undying emperor corpses.

Level 9 abyss seeds could also produce 20 to 30.

Very quickly, in front of the dragon transformation pool, all the members of the Dragon Palace arrived.

Beside him, Ao Qi Tian took out a large number of corpses and placed them on the side to be absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pool.

"Poison Nine, Ao Fenghuang, Ao Qi, and Ao Tu, the four of you will enter the Dragon Transformation Pool and increase your combat strength to the peak of immortal king level. The other level nine combat strength members will mainly increase their strength to the prickly dragon species!"

Wang Xian stood in front and immediately gave the order to make arrangements for the improvement of each level.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The group of Dragon Palace members immediately responded. Their eyes were burning as they stared at the dragon transformation pool. One by one, they entered the pool.

"In half a month, the strength of the Dragon Palace will rise to another level!"

Wang Xian stood in front with a smile on his face.

However, at this moment, on a planet at the front line of the imperial court's battlefield.

Two elders from the horizon sect came to a large hall. In front of them, sect master horizon and the three elders were welcoming them respectfully!

However, in their eyes, they could see a hint of craftiness!

The final step to control the Tianya sect!