Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2757: Divine Emperor 2757 came out with a powerful pressure

"Little Soul, why did you call us to discuss something?"

In a large hall on the planet where the world margin great sect was located, two patriarchs entered and spoke to sect master world margin.

"Patriarch, take a seat. I called the two patriarchs over because of the matter regarding the experts and disciples of our world margin great sect!"

Sect master world margin and the three elders spoke respectfully to the two patriarchs of the world margin great sect.

"Oh? What happened to the disciples?"

Patriarch Horizon Feng Yaazi frowned and asked.

"Patriarch, ever since the battle with the Dragon Palace, the disciples of our horizon great sect have begun to suffer heavy losses. The last time we joined forces with the Ye clan to enter the Abyss, we also suffered heavy losses. Now, we only have more than 8,000 godly king-level disciples!"

"Just now, we received news that a godly monarch disciple has escaped!"

"Sigh!"

As sect master world margin said this, he sighed and looked extremely embarrassed.

An elder walked to the side of the two patriarchs and poured them a cup of tea.

"A disciple has escaped?"

When the two patriarchs heard sect Master World Margin's words, their faces sank and they looked extremely embarrassed.

"Forefather, the hearts of the disciples of the world margin sect are scattered now. Even those loyal disciples'confidence has been shaken!"

"Forefather, when will forefather ye Yuan of the Ye clan be able to become an emperor? The longer it takes, the more I'm afraid that the disciples of the world margin sect..."

An elder beside him opened his mouth and spoke with grief.

"Forefather ye Yuan's advancement will only take two to three months. It might be even faster!"

Wu Lingao, the world margin patriarch, leaned back on his chair and drank a cup of tea. He said in a deep voice.

"As long as patriarch ye Yuan becomes an emperor, it will be the time for the world margin sect to rise!"

"At that time, the first thing we will do is destroy the Dragon Palace!"

He couldn't help but Roar in a low voice.

"Let's pacify our disciples for now. We will not enter the Abyss for the next few days. We will wait for Patriarch Ye Yuan to become an emperor!"

Patriarch Horizon Feng Yaazi said and took a sip of water.

"Hehe!"

Seeing the two patriarchs drinking tea, sect master horizon and the others smiled.

"What?"

The two patriarchs were stunned by the laughter.

However, at this moment, a black monster-like thing suddenly came out of sect Master Horizon's mouth.

This monster directly drilled toward Wu Lingao's body.

"What?"

Feng Yazi and Wu Lingao were slightly shocked when they saw sect master Tian Ya's sudden change, and their eyes were wide open with shock!

They immediately stood up, and their auras were vigorous. However, in the next moment, their expressions changed drastically, and they felt a chaotic energy in their bodies.

"Splash!"

At this moment, a pool of black liquid directly drilled out of Feng Yaazi's body from behind.

"What is this?"

Feng Yaazi and Wu Lingao exclaimed with fear and shock in their eyes.

"This is your grandfather from the Dragon Palace!"

A contemptuous and provocative voice rang out, and the bodies of the octahedron and the demonic fiend drilled into their bodies.

Feng Yaazi and Wu Lingao had never expected such a situation.

The person closest to the entire world margin sect, the sect master of the world margin sect, had actually plotted against them.

They widened their eyes and saw the three elders standing there with smiles on their faces. They felt a chill in their hearts.

What on Earth was going on?

What had the Dragon Palace done?

But soon, their thoughts were gradually covered!

"Bang!"

On the side, the body of sect master Tianya fell to the side.

"Jie Jie Jie!"

Mo Sha and Ba Qi looked at each other and revealed a sinister smile.

"Congratulations to the two bosses for successfully parasitizing!"

The three Tianya elders immediately said respectfully!

"Yes!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha Smiled.

"Brother Feng Yaazi, brother Wu Lingao!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly came into the hall.

"Eh?"

Mo Sha and Ba Qi waved their arms and put away the corpses at the side. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Protector Emperor, please come in!"

They looked at each other and said directly.

Buzz

The next moment, an old man flew into the hall.

"Protector Emperor, please take a seat!"

Mo Sha and Ba Qi immediately responded.

"Hehe, you don't have to be so polite. Since I'm here today, I have something to discuss with you two brothers!"

The old man smiled faintly and sat at the side.

"Oh? Protector Emperor, please speak!"

Mo Sha and Ba Qi raised their eyebrows and asked doubtfully.

"This matter can be considered to have wronged the world margin sect. Of course, the two of you don't have to agree. I'm only here to discuss!"

"Right now, Pingyi is in a crisis. In a few days, our great ancestor will head there. Only a few of us will remain on the battlefield here!"

"At that time, the night clan's great ancestor ye Yuan will be in charge of guarding the battlefield. The night clan will be in charge of this place

"Other than the night clan, the other major forces of the imperial star area are here. I'm here to talk about the Dragon Palace

"We know that you have a blood feud with the Dragon Palace. However, the Dragon Palace is not weak at the moment. It can play a significant role in guarding this place. Do you think that you can destroy the Dragon Palace after the situation here is completely stabilized

"If you need help from the world margin sect, the imperial court can also help!"

The old man said slowly to them.

"What?"

Hearing his words, the faces of the eight-headed spirit and the demonic fiend darkened and they frowned slightly.

"Of course, I'm here to remind you that we won't have any objection to the destruction of the Dragon Palace after ancestor ye Yuan's promotion. I can understand that!"

"Hehe, I'll leave the decision to you two. You two can think about it for a while. I Won't Disturb You Anymore!"

The old man cupped his hands toward them as he spoke.

His body moved and he flew out.

His attitude was one of discussion.

After all, the world margin sect had the Grace Night Clan. The imperial court wouldn't have any objections to the destruction of a dragon palace after ye Yuan became the emperor.

This matter did not affect their attitude toward the world margin sect.

"Let Our Dragon Palace help deal with the abyssal seeds on this battlefield first, and then destroy them at the end, right? hehehe!"

Seeing the imperial court's guardian leave, Ba Qi's face revealed a sinister smile.

"Report this matter to the Dragon King first. We'll take the long view on this matter!"

Mo Sha pondered for a moment and said.

"Alright!"

Ba Qi nodded. He immediately took out his communication stone plate and transmitted the information over.

At the same time, Wang Xian, who was in front of the dragon transformation pool, quickly received the news that Ba Qi had transmitted over.

It was a piece of good news. Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and the rest had succeeded.

After they succeeded, they immediately received an important piece of news.

"Do you want to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs? Although it will give the Dragon Palace more time to increase their strength, but..."

His eyes flickered as he looked at the information.

"The great ancestor of the imperial court has left, and only the night clan is in charge here..."