Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2758: 2,758 celestial thearch appeared and gave off a strong pressure 2

Most of the powerhouses of the imperial court had left. Even the celestial thearch of the imperial court had gone to the Pingyi Island.

There were only a few guardians of the Imperial Court left.

If only the night race was guarding this place...

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"The night race has five peak-stage immortal king powerhouses. After one of them has advanced to the celestial thearch, there are still four more. The Dragon Palace has a total of 11. Including the Dragon Mechanical World's end ruler, there are a total of 13."

"If the Dragon Palace wants to fight against the night clan, the sky array will have at least 9 people, able to fight against the night clan, the Dragon Palace still has 3 Pinnacle Undying Emperor Warriors!"

"One less than the night clan, but if the dragon palace attacks..."

He muttered, constantly calculating.

Other than the pinnacle undying emperor strength, there was also the god King Level 9, in terms of the god King Level 9 strength, the Dragon Palace had more.

There were about 30 immortal King Level 9 warriors. A few of them had died not long ago, and there were less than 30 of them.

On the Dragon Palace's side, the number of immortal King Level 9 warriors could reach about 64.

It was more than twice the number of the night clan.

"However, when the time comes, we have to take into account the power of the imperial court. The Dragon Palace's strength is still weaker."

Wang Xian muttered.

Unless he gave the Dragon Palace some more time to add a few more peak-stage immortal King realm experts.

"Hehe!"

Looking at the dragon transformation pool in front of him, Wang Xian smiled faintly.

The safety of the Dragon Palace could now be guaranteed. The next step was to counterattack.

The sense of crisis was about to disappear.

"Go and inquire about the news from the Ye clan. See if we can find out when the ancestor of the Ye clan broke through to the realm of void god-emperor!"

"Also, agree with the arrangements of the imperial court. Inform the Ye clan about this matter and buy us some time."

Wang Xian immediately ordered the eight-limbed demon.

At the same time, the eight-limbed demon, who was on a planet at the front line of the imperial court, received the news and nodded slightly.

"Let's go and pay a visit to the Ye clan leader and the others!"

The two of them did not hesitate and gestured to their three subordinates.

As for the disappearance of sect leader Tian Ya, they could easily overlook such a small matter.

The two of them moved and quickly flew towards the planet where the Ye clan was located.

"Ye clan leader, we have come to disturb you!"

Soon, they came to a study room and said to the clan leader of the Ye clan.

"Hehe, brothers, what's the matter?"

The clan leader of the Ye clan asked with a smile.

"Clan leader Ye, something about the Dragon Palace."

Ba Qi said with a smile.

"The Dragon Palace?"

The clan leader of the Ye clan heard their words and a trace of killing intent appeared in his eyes. He growled in a low voice, "After our forefather ascends, we will destroy the Dragon Palace immediately!"

"Clan leader of the night clan, don't be anxious. Just now, the guardian of the imperial court came to us to talk about the Dragon Palace!"

Mo Sha said with a smile.

"Oh? Guardian of the Imperial Court?"

The clan leader of the night clan was slightly surprised and looked at them.

"What the imperial court means is that the dragon palace is very powerful. There is no need to destroy it now. We can destroy the Dragon Palace after the overall situation here is completely stabilized. At that time, the imperial court will say that they can help!"

Ba Qi said.

"I heard that the situation on the Pingyi Island is critical. Our night clan will be in charge of this place from now on. The forefather will suppress this place. The Dragon Palace is indeed very powerful..."

The clan leader of the night clan frowned slightly and a thoughtful look appeared on his face.

"A large number of our disciples and experts have died because of the Dragon Palace. I don't want them to continue being arrogant."

At this moment, a voice came from outside the door. An old man walked in with a dignified face.

"Father!"

The clan leader of the Ye clan immediately stood up and called out respectfully.

"After the patriarch's promotion, we can destroy the dragon palace at any time. In the big picture, keeping the Dragon Palace here temporarily will indeed be beneficial to us!"

The clan leader of the Ye clan continued to say.

"What do you think?"

The night clan leader's father didn't answer. He looked at the two patriarchs of the world margin sect.

"We, of course, want to destroy the Dragon Palace immediately!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha looked at each other and said with killing intent.

They answered with Feng Yaazi and Wu Lingao's thoughts.

"The Dragon Palace must be destroyed. We won't stay here for long. However, we can make the Dragon Palace die in the Abyss!"

"After the patriarch became a god Emperor, the night clan immediately organized a big battle and ordered the Dragon Palace to lead all the disciples to charge forward and let them fight with the abyss seed!"

"This method can not only make the dragon palace help us solve some difficulties, but also completely destroy the Dragon Palace."

The father of the night clan's Patriarch said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Oh?"

"Father, this is a good method. It can destroy the Dragon Palace and also make the abyss seed suffer heavy losses!"

The night clan leader's eyes lit up as he spoke.

"This method is very good!"

Mo Sha Ba Qi, who was at the side, slightly frowned and nodded in response.

"Then it's decided. After our forefather becomes a god emperor, we will temporarily not directly destroy the Dragon Palace. We will let them fight with the abyss species and die!"

The night clan leader said with a smile.

"Alright, Alright!"

Ba Qi and Mo Sha nodded excitedly.

After chatting with the leader of the night clan for a while, the two of them moved and returned immediately.

Soon, Wang Xian had also received the news.

"Let Our Dragon Palace fight with the abyssal races of the imperial court to the death?"

When Wang Xian saw this information, his eyes sparkled.

He kept calculating in his heart.

"If that's the case, let's fight to the death on that day!"

After a long while, Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and muttered.

Once he had shed all pretenses of cordiality and fought to the death with the night race, it would be equivalent to becoming enemies with the entire imperial court.

Before that, he had to make all the preparations.

If he were to become enemies with the imperial court, he would also become enemies with the Celestial Emperor. At the very least, he had to be prepared where he could escape.

He had to prepare all the escape routes.

Furthermore, since he was going to become the enemy, he had to maximize the benefits. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He had to hunt down the powerhouses of the night race and even the imperial court to obtain a large number of treasures.

"Should I inquire about the Treasury of the imperial court at the front line?"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. There was a glint in his eyes.

There were poisonous horned dragons and prickly dragons. Wang Xian felt that he could set up another trap now.

When the night clan's celestial thearch ordered the Dragon Palace to enter the Abyss to fight with the abyss seed, it would be time for the Dragon Palace to start.

"Heaven Formation, Prime Minister Gui, Ao Yao, Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, Mou Zesen, Ao Tu, come over first to discuss something important!"

Wang Xian was moved and immediately ordered Prime Minister Gui and the few leaders who had elevated their combat strength to the peak of the celestial thearch to come over.

The next battle was going to be a huge one. The Dragon Palace had to make the most comprehensive preparations.

"Yes!"

Soon, all the leaders gathered in front of the Dragon King Palace.

They were preparing for a huge battle that would shake the entire Imperial Star Field!