Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2759: 2,759 god Emperors appeared, powerful pressure 3

Time passed day by day, within the Dragon Palace, all the members were swiftly increasing their strength.

Over at the imperial court battlefield, after the last battle, it had gradually calmed down.

Even the abyss seed within the Abyss had calmed down a little!

Half a month passed quickly, all the members within the Dragon Palace had all improved.

Currently, there were about 400,000 members in the entire Dragon Palace. The number of immortal king level members had reached 250,000.

The rest of the members were all at least at the level 8 of the Eternal God Lord.

"Dragon King, shall we go over?"

After summoning all the leaders of the Dragon Palace over, Ao Yao ao Jian and the rest came over and asked with a smile on their faces.

The current group of leaders, along with Du Jiu and the rest, had all been upgraded to the pinnacle of the immortal king level.

"Begin preparations!"

Wang Xian nodded at them.

"Let's Go!"

They didn't hesitate and flew out immediately. They arrived at the dragon peak quickly through the teleportation formation.

"Dragon King, is there any specific news from the eight-limbed demon Fiend?"

Upon arriving at the command platform of the Dragon Peak, the Heaven Array asked.

"There's no specific news. Even the people of the night clan don't know when their ancestor ye Yuan will be able to complete his breakthrough!"

Wang Xian shook his head.

"Poison Nine, contact the members of the imperial court. Next, infiltrate the Treasury of the imperial court!"

He narrowed his eyes slightly and continued.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Poison nine nodded.

"Think of a way. In the next few days, let's see if we can kill a few powerhouses at the peak of the Immortal King Realm!"

Wang Xian said.

"The Guardians of the imperial court, should we let the eight-limbed demonic fiend and the rest try?"

Prime Minister Gui said from the side.

"It's better not to take the risk on the imperial court. It would be bad if they were discovered by the Divine Emperor!"

"Let the eight-limbed demonic fiend think of a way to send 1,000 poisonous horned dragons into the night race. It would be best if they could parasitize some elders and deacons!"

Wang Xian said.

"Yes!"

Du Jiu nodded his head.

In the next few days, Du Jiu, the eight-limbed demon sha and the rest commanded their subordinates to parasitize the night clan's powerhouses.

With the overall strength of the Dragon Palace Department, the poison making department was the strongest. Du Jiu and the eight-limbed demon Sha were all at the peak of the godly monarch level.

The number of undying godly monarch level 9 fighters also reached 15.

It was easy for an undying god King Level 9 to parasitize a level 8. Once the parasitism was successful, it could quickly spread.

Parasitizing this warrior's friends and family quickly developed.

In less than 4 days, 1,000 poison horned dragons had all infiltrated the night clan.

Hua La La

On the 5th day, it suddenly rained heavily.

The sudden heavy rain surprised everyone.

According to the weather here, the experts were everywhere, and all kinds of energy were attacking. It was impossible for it to rain in the sky.

However, not only did it rain today, but the rain was also getting more and more, covering a very wide area.

On the command platform of Dragon Peak, the sky array frowned slightly at the sudden heavy rain, and a surprised expression appeared on his face.

"Weng!"

Suddenly, a white light bloomed on a planet in the imperial court. The white light shot straight into the void.

The extremely powerful white light slowly condensed into a human figure in the void.

The human figure was illusory and stood in the void. It was hundreds of thousands of feet tall and straight into the sky!

"We welcome the new human God Emperor!"

"We congratulate ye Yuan for becoming the Emperor!"

"We congratulate the new emperor of the night race on his arrival!"

"All beings, come and worship him!"

The sudden appearance of the white light phantom caught everyone's attention.

At this moment, the white light phantom spat out a vast voice.

Three greetings were heard by everyone on the battlefield. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Even those who were in seclusion in the room, those at the edge of the abyss, or those from other places could hear it clearly.

When everyone heard these four sentences, their expressions changed drastically.

At this moment, everyone rushed out and looked at the void in shock.

They looked at the surrounding rainwater and the white light condensed into an illusory figure. Their eyes widened and their bodies trembled!

"Our forefather has become a void God Emperor?"

"A god Emperor has been born? A new emperor has been born?"

"Night Race's God Emperor, this... this..."

"My God, our Emperor Star Field has not had a god emperor for millions of years. Now, the night race has actually given birth to a god Emperor!"

Shock and disbelief could be heard from the surroundings. On the hundreds of planets around them, hundreds of billions of people raised their heads, their faces filled with emotion.

Void God Emperor had actually given birth to a void God Emperor!

Even the imperial court's God Emperor had opened his mouth to congratulate him!

This...

"Hua La!"

At this moment, everyone felt the surrounding rain stop. One by one, the raindrops rapidly flew towards a place in the sky.

The raindrops rapidly gathered and slowly formed a huge Rainman in the Void.

The Rainman was incomparably vast and was filled with a powerful pressure.

Everyone looked over and were filled with shock.

"I am ye Yuan of the night clan. Today, I have become an emperor and will enter the void God Emperor Realm!"

"I am a god Emperor and all living beings will submit!"

The towering Rainman was filled with a vast energy. His eyes scanned the surroundings as he spoke in a deep voice.

"Gulp!"

When everyone saw this scene, they could not help but gulp.

"Disciples of the imperial court pay their respects to the night God Emperor!"

In the sky above a planet, the five guardians of the imperial court shouted respectfully.

"Disciples of the imperial court pay their respects to the night God Emperor!"

"Disciples of the imperial court pay their respects to the night God Emperor!"

At the next moment, all the disciples and experts of the imperial court immediately shouted in unison.

Their voices were filled with respect.

The God Emperor was a god Emperor who stood high and mighty.

How many god-emperors were there in the entire vast emperor star field?

Every god-emperor had the power to destroy the world. Whoever the god-emperor wanted to die would have to die!

"Greetings, God-emperor!"

At the next moment, all the surrounding factions, experts, and even the Grand Sect's patriarch, sect master, and elders hurriedly reacted. They cupped their hands and bowed loudly.

"Greetings, God-emperor!"

Instantly, these four words resounded through the entire void.

"From today onwards, night God Emperor will replace the imperial court to suppress this battlefield. All the disciples of the imperial court, listen to night God Emperor!"

At this moment, the white light condensed phantom continued to speak!

"It's grand ancestor!"

Everyone from the imperial court immediately shouted loudly.

"Senior Emperor, I'll suppress this place. There won't be any problems!"

The majestic rain man looked at the white light projection and said with a smile.

"Hehe, there's no need to be so polite. With the night God Emperor suppressing this place, our imperial court will be at ease. Once the imperial court has pacified the battlefield on Pingyi Island, we will celebrate the birth of the night God Emperor!"

The white light projection said with a smile.

The majestic rain man cupped his hands!

The white light projection also cupped his hands and disappeared.

After the white figure left, rain man slowly shrank. At a point in the air, a figure that was blue stood there quietly.

He seemed to be the ruler of this space!

"Everyone from all factions, come here immediately!"

An order spread throughout the air!