Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2760: 2,760 god Emperor appeared, giving off a powerful pressure

"Oh?"

"Night God Emperor wants to summon all the factions over!"

"Let's Go!"

Everyone's eyes turned cold when they heard night God Emperor's voice. They immediately flew forward.

"Let's go over!"

The nine firmament sect's patriarch and sect master looked at each other. Their hearts were filled with shock and respect as they flew forward.

A faction that had a god emperor overseeing it could not be compared to a faction that did not have a god emperor overseeing it.

It was not an exaggeration to say that the current night race could easily destroy nine firmament.

A God emperor was like a towering mountain. If one were to touch it, they would be instantly crushed.

Nine firmament and the others had to be respectful when facing the current night race.

They were no longer on the same level as the night clan!

"Looks like the night clan's Ye Yuan has already obtained their ancestor's inheritance. Let's go. In the future, we'll have to respect the night clan on the Night Cold Island!"

Not far away, a great sect's patriarch looked over and said helplessly.

They were also a great sect on the night Cold Island. With a peak undying God king guarding it, even though it wasn't comparable to the night clan, the night clan would still give them face.

However, things had completely changed now.

If they did not submit, a word from the night clan would be able to destroy them.

Now, they had to go over and submit to show their loyalty!

"They actually came so suddenly. Even Mo Sha Ba Qi and the rest did not receive any news. Looks like this celestial emperor flew over right after he broke through!"

On the Dragon Peak, Wang Xian looked at the body that was emitting a powerful pressure in the distance and said in a deep voice.

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

As he said that, he flew directly in that direction.

"Let's Go!"

Tian Cheng and the rest immediately followed behind. Each of them was wearing array jade tokens that concealed their strength. The void God Emperor could not sense their specific strength without touching them.

When Wang Xian and the rest flew over, there were at least over a hundred million people flying in that direction.

All the core disciples of the powerhouses from all the forces in the Imperial Star Field had rushed over.

The night God Emperor of the night clan was in charge of the battlefield here. All of them had to be under the command and orders of the night God Emperor.

Even the protectors of the imperial court had to obey the orders of the night God Emperor.

This was also the majesty of the God Emperor.

Wang Xian and the rest flew over and stood at the edge.

"Congratulations, night God Emperor. In the future, when the night is cold on the island, our heavenly demon sect will respect the night clan!"

As soon as Wang Xian and the rest arrived, they saw the ancestor of the Heavenly Demon sect leading a group of disciples to the front of the figure that was emitting a blue glow respectfully.

"Hehe, very good!"

The sky-blue figure that was standing in the void looked at them and nodded indifferently. He was filled with a sense of superiority.

The people from the heavenly demon sect did not feel the slightest bit of dissatisfaction. They stood respectfully by the side.

"Congratulations to night God Emperor, Congratulations to the night race. In the upcoming Battle of the Abyss, Our Nine Heavens will definitely listen to night God Emperor's orders!"

"Congratulations to night God Emperor. From now on, the Emperor Star region will have another void God Emperor to oversee the Void and guard a region!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Duan Tian and the others from the nine heavens great religion flew over and respectfully bowed once again.

As for some of the smaller factions, they could not wait to kneel in front to congratulate him.

"Patriarch!"

"Patriarch!"

At this moment, a group of experts from the night clan flew over. The few people in the lead flew to the side of the night god Emperor with excited expressions.

"Hehe!"

The night God Emperor looked at his outstanding descendants and revealed a smile.

"Patriarch, I didn't expect you to break through so quickly!"

The Night Clan's patriarch roared in excitement.

"Haha, it's faster than expected!"

The night God Emperor laughed. He had a very good attitude towards his direct descendants.

After all, not long ago, they were still on the same level.

"Patriarch, I heard that after reaching the god Emperor Realm, you can help others increase their strength. Is this true?"

The night clan's patriarch said with a smile.

"Hehe, you brat, you want me to increase the young emperor's strength, right? Young Emperor, come over!"

Night God Emperor said with a smile as he looked at young Emperor Ye.

"Patriarch!"

When young emperor ye heard the patriarch call him, he was so excited that his face flushed red. He immediately walked over.

"In your generation, your father is at the peak of the godly monarch realm, and your grandfather is also at the peak of the godly monarch realm. In the future, Kid, you can't be weaker than them, understand?"

Night God Emperor looked at his descendant and said in a similarly good mood.

"It's the ancestor. I will definitely work hard and strive to surpass father and grandfather and reach the ancestor's realm!"

Young Emperor Ye immediately cupped his hands respectfully and said.

"Hahaha, good, good!"

Night God Emperor laughed loudly and waved his arm!

"Boom!"

At the next moment, a majestic energy entered his body. Young Emperor Ye's body trembled and the aura in his body rose steadily.

A large sky-blue hand appeared in front of young Emperor Ye, adjusting the energy in his body.

"Boom!"

Not long after, his body trembled as an aura that belonged to a godly monarch was transmitted over.

With a wave of the night God Emperor's arm, metallic materials appeared in front of him. The metallic materials quickly condensed into palaces in his mind!

There was also a river around the palace!

The entire palace had an area of a few hundred kilometers.

With a wave of his arm, there was a connection between the palace and Night Emperor.

Everyone around widened their eyes when they saw this scene. Their eyes were filled with shock.

They were all shocked and did not dare to speak!

The surrounding hundreds of millions of people were silent.

"Thank you forefather!"

A few minutes later, night emperor seemed to have been reborn as he shouted excitedly.

"Hiss, in just a few minutes, he managed to raise an eternal god Lord level eight expert to the level of undying godly monarch. Is this... The void God Emperor?"

"How terrifying. He directly raised the eternal God Lord to the level of undying godly monarch!"

When everyone around saw this scene, they could not help but roar in a low voice!

"The void God Emperor can directly raise a person's strength. However, there are many limitations. It is not as easy as it looks. The consumption is huge!"

Tian Chen looked ahead and transmitted his voice to Wang Xian with slight disdain.

Wang Xian nodded slightly.

Tian Chen knew about it, but the other experts from the other factions did not. The scene before them was indeed shocking.

This was a powerful technique that belonged to the void God Emperor.

"Congratulations, night God Emperor!"

At this moment, two patriarchs of the world margin sect led a group of disciples from the world margin sect over.

"The two of you are here. Come to my side!"

Emperor night looked over and greeted them with a smile.

He allowed the two of them to come to his side to show all the forces present that he would take care of the world margin sect.

"It's Emperor Night!"

The two patriarchs of the world margin sect revealed an excited look in their eyes as they came to the test of Emperor Night.

Their eyes swept past Wang Xian who was in front of them, and there was a glint in their eyes.

"Oh? Why... why is the night God Emperor treating the two patriarchs of the horizon sect so politely? and he even asked them to stand aside? What is this?"

Upon seeing this scene, all the forces were slightly shocked.