Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2761: god Emperor, powerful pressure 5

Everyone knew that the world margin sect had been close to the night clan recently.

However, they didn't know that the relationship between the two ancestors of the world margin sect and night emperor was so good.

Night Emperor's attitude made them slightly surprised.

Now that the world margin sect and the Dragon Palace were mortal enemies, there were people saying that the Dragon Palace had offended the night clan during this period of time.

However, during this period of time, because the Dragon Palace had killed two peak undying god King Abyss species and killed a large abyss species, the Dragon Palace's reputation was greatly affected.

The entire Emperor Star Field's AI was discussing that the Dragon Palace might have power that wasn't weaker than the night clan.

Even if they had offended the night clan, the night clan wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

However, from the looks of it now...

With such a good relationship with the horizon night clan, was the emperor of the night going to make a move against the Dragon Palace?

Everyone's eyes flickered. They could not help but look at Wang Xian and the rest.

Although Wang Xian and the rest were at the periphery, with the current status and strength of the Dragon Palace, even if they were at the periphery, not many forces dared to get close to them.

The few forces nearby were also at a position more than ten meters away from the Dragon Palace to show their respect.

Therefore, Wang Xian and the rest were still very eye-catching.

"Hehe!"

At this moment, the emperor of the night also sensed the changes in the surroundings. He narrowed his eyes slightly and his gaze landed on Wang Xian and the rest. A faint aura surged out from his body.

When this aura had just risen, the experts from the surrounding forces sensed it. Everyone's expression changed.

"Night God Emperor wants to fight against the Dragon Palace..."

They were shocked and stared at him.

Nine Heavens Breaking Moon and the other big sects were also slightly shocked.

"Night God Emperor, we have already discussed with clan leader Ye and the others!"

The eight-limbed demon fiend standing beside night God Emperor felt the power of night God Emperor and a trace of killing intent flashed in his heart. They hurriedly transmitted their voice to night God Emperor.

"Oh?"

The power of the night God Emperor disappeared and he looked to the side. With a thought, a sealed space appeared. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

With his current status, there was no need for him to set up such a space. However, he still had to be fully prepared for some schemes.

"Patriarch, the strength of the Dragon Palace is not weak. It can even be said that they are very strong. However, they have offended our night clan and the world margin sect. Naturally, we will not let them off."

"However, we don't have to destroy them directly. From now on, our night clan will be in charge of this place and be in charge of suppressing this abyss. We can definitely order the Dragon Palace and the others to fight against the powerful abyss seeds!"

"This way, we can destroy the Dragon Palace and reduce the pressure on the abyss battlefield. With the power of the Dragon Palace, it shouldn't be a problem to kill two or three peak undying god King Abyss Seeds!"

The night clan leader immediately said.

"That works too, it's too easy to just destroy them!"

Night God Emperor's eyes gleamed as he nodded, looking at the eight point demon sha beside him, "As long as the two brothers Tian Ya don't have any objections then it's fine!"

The night clan and the Dragon Palace didn't have too much of a grudge, everything still depended on the world margin sect.

"Night God Emperor, let's act according to our agreement with the night clan leader and the others!"

Ba Qi said respectfully.

"Alright, let them off for now!"

Night God Emperor nodded lightly.

"Well, patriarch, young emperor, Can I ask you for a favor?"

At this moment, young Emperor Ye, who was standing at the side, saw that they had finished their discussion. He hesitated for a moment, gritted his teeth, and said to night God Emperor.

"Oh?"

Night God Emperor raised his eyebrows and looked at his descendants.

"Brat, what's the matter? Didn't the patriarch just raise your strength?"

The night clan leader looked at his son and shouted with a slight frown.

"If there's nothing else, young emperor, speak!"

Night God Emperor waved his hand and said indifferently.

"That patriarch, I like the current generation disciple of the imperial court, di Xing Nu. I request that the patriarch can make the decision..."

"Hahaha!"

As Young Emperor Ye said that, before he could finish his sentence, night God Emperor laughed out loud and interrupted him.

"Good, good, good. You Can, young emperor. You are much more promising than your father. In our generation's direct line, your grandfather and your father, these two brats, are not promising at all. In your generation, it's not bad to have a few more descendants!"

"Don't worry. I will propose a marriage to the imperial court later. The imperial court will not refuse!"

The night God Emperor Said and patted young Emperor Ye's shoulder.

"Thank you, Patriarch!"

Young Emperor Ye hurriedly said excitedly when he heard the patriarch's words.

"Since the patriarch has agreed, I'll just get you another wife. Doesn't the Dragon King have a disciple, the frost goddess? Didn't he mock you, young emperor? Why Don't you let him be your concubine, Young Emperor?"

At this moment, the clan leader of the Ye clan suddenly spoke up.

"This, father... i. . . The Frost Goddess is so powerful, and she's even called a woman with the potential to become an emperor..."

"It's okay, our Ye clan can suppress her!"

Young Emperor Ye was slightly stunned. As he spoke, he was interrupted by his father, who also patted him on the shoulder.

"This..."

At this moment, young emperor ye thought of the face of the Frost Goddess and his heart was burning. This was the famous frost goddess!

At the same time, his heart was filled with endless pride.

With the love of his forefather and grandfather, who would dare to offend him in the Imperial Star Field in the future?

Even the head sect master and forefather would have to be polite to him in the future.

Buzz

At this moment, the night God Emperor broke the sound barrier and looked around.

All the people from the surrounding forces bowed slightly and waited for the night God Emperor to speak.

Some people glanced at the direction of the Dragon Palace and wondered if the dragon palace would be punished by the night God Emperor!

"The night clan and the Guardians of the imperial court will be in charge of this abyss battlefield. All the forces, please cooperate with us!"

The night God Emperor spoke and spoke indifferently.

"Night God Emperor, this abyssal battlefield will mainly be suppressed by you. Our imperial court will only provide assistance. Great ancestor has instructed that we will listen to your orders!"

A protector of the imperial court immediately said with a smile. His gaze swept across the surroundings. "The orders of the night God Emperor are also orders of our imperial court!"

"We will naturally listen to the order of the night God Emperor!"

All the experts from the surrounding factions hurriedly said when they saw this scene.

At this moment, with the strength of the night God Emperor, disobeying an order was purely challenging his majesty.

The result would naturally be destruction.

Moreover, with the imperial court by the side, who would dare to offend these two factions now?

"Hehe, very good. Our next task is to suppress this abyss. A few days later, I will personally organize an attack!"

Night God Emperor said!

"We will obey the orders of night God Emperor!"

The protectors of the imperial court replied respectfully.

"We will obey the orders of night God Emperor!"

Everyone from the other factions cupped their hands and replied.

"Everyone, don't worry. With me around, everyone will not suffer too much loss."

Night God Emperor said indifferently, then, he looked at the protectors of the imperial court. "I heard that the current Empress of the Imperial Court has outstanding talent. My descendant young emperor's talent is not bad. Today, I will seek karma for him. What do you think, Protectors?"

"Oh?"

"Night God Emperor, that is a great thing. Hehe, our imperial court is naturally willing to tie the knot with the night clan!"

The few protectors were slightly stunned. Soon after, a smile appeared on their faces as they replied.