Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2762: divine emperor appeared, giving off a powerful pressure

"Oh?"

When the night divine Emperor personally spoke about the marriage alliance with the imperial court, and when the imperial court's protector agreed without hesitation, the Emperor Star Lady's expression among the imperial court's people changed drastically.

When she heard the Protector's agreement, her heart sank. She looked extremely embarrassed, and at the same time, anger surged in her heart.

Her marriage was actually decided by them?

"Guardian, I don't agree. I'll make the decision for my marriage!"

Celestial Emperor Lady walked forward with a face full of anger as she spoke with an embarrassed expression.

"Oh?"

When the five guardians saw Celestial Emperor Lady's direct objection, their expressions sank.

In front, night God Emperor also raised his brows.

Young Emperor Ye's expression darkened when he saw the emperor star daughter rejecting him.

"God Emperor Ye, protectors, it's My Daughter's honor to be able to marry young master young Emperor Ye!"

"A marriage is a matter of marriage. As a father, I naturally agree with the matchmaker's words!"

Before they could speak, the emperor star daughter's father, Di haosong, walked out from behind and spoke.

"You... you don't have the right to speak for me!"

Di Xingnu looked at her father and spoke with a dark expression.

"Pa!"

However, Di Haosong's palm landed on Di Xingnu's body at this moment, causing her to be unable to react.

Di Xingnu was completely stunned as she stared fixedly at her father.

"Night God Emperor, Lord Protector, haosong's discipline isn't strict. I can make the decision regarding my daughter's matters. It's my honor to be able to become in-laws with young master Ye and the Ye clan leader!"

Di haosong glanced at di Xingnu coldly and cupped his hands as he spoke to them.

"What are you causing trouble for? Why aren't you leaving?"

A protector said directly.

"Yes!"

Di haosong responded immediately. He stretched out his hand and pulled di Xingnu to the back.

In terms of cultivation, her father was much stronger than her.

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he frowned slightly. His eyes flickered but he didn't say anything.

"Hehe, in our faction, my father only has two sons, and I only have one son. Therefore, I would like to ask for Fate to take a concubine for our young emperor."

At this moment, the clan leader of the Ye clan suddenly spoke.

Everyone was slightly surprised when they heard his words. Taking a concubine for Young Emperor Ye?

"Everyone from the Beichuan sect, I heard that there is a woman in your sect who has the potential to become an emperor. Such a heaven's favorite, I would like to be nurtured by my ye clan and be able to rise to a higher level. I wonder what do you think, sect leader Beichuan?"

The clan leader of the Ye clan continued to speak. He turned his head and looked in the direction of the Bei Chuan Clan.

"Goddess of Frost!"

"Goddess of Frost, the disciple of the Dragon King. What is the Ye clan doing?"

"This... This is against the Dragon Palace. The Empress Star also seems to have a very good relationship with the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!"

Hearing the clan leader of the Ye clan's words, everyone felt a chill in their hearts. Some of them said in a low voice.

Making the frost goddess his son's concubine was also deliberately embarrassing the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

The Ye clan had done this on purpose.

Just as they had guessed, the clan leader of the Ye clan wanted to propose marriage to the Beichuan sect, and a large part of it was also done on purpose to disgust the Dragon King.

It was deliberately embarrassing the Dragon King.

Secondly, the reputation and talent of the frost goddess were indeed worthy of her son.

Beside the Ye clan leader, Young Emperor Ye's eyes gleamed as he looked in the direction of the Bei Chuan clan. His gaze landed on bei Shuang, his eyes filled with greed.

Such a goddess, even as the son of a great sect, he didn't dare to dream about it.

Such an undying god King Level 8 lady was much more noble than the imperial court empress.

This made his heart burn with passion.

"This..."

The Beichuan sect leader and ancestor's bodies trembled slightly, they looked at each other, looking at bei Shuang.

"Leader Ye, bei Shuang is now the Deputy Sect Leader of our Beichuan sect, we don't have the right to decide such a huge matter!"

The Beichuan sect leader said bitterly.

"Oh? What does the frost goddess think?"

The leader looked at bei Shuang and asked.

"If he can defeat me, I can consider it!"

Bei Shuang looked coldly at the night clan leader and said directly.

"Oh? Then you mean you look down on our night clan?"

The night clan leader looked at bei Shuang and asked indifferently. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"If you threaten us like this, we really look down on you!"

Bei Shuang looked directly at the Night Clan Leader and said fearlessly.

"Goddess of ice frost, the word 'threaten'is used incorrectly. You should use the word 'suppress'!"

The clan leader of the Ye clan looked at him and said with a smile.

"Hehe, then you have to keep suppressing me. Otherwise, you will only lose Madam and lose your troops."

Bei Shuang completely ignored his threat and instead directly threatened him.

The meaning in bei Shuang's words was also very obvious. If she could not suppress her, she would kill Young Emperor Ye.

"HMPH!"

Her words caused the Ye clan's Patriarch's expression to turn cold.

"Alright, she's just a woman."

The night God Emperor said coldly from the side.

The Ye clan's patriarch was just about to speak when he immediately retracted his words.

"However, no one dares to threaten our ye clan now!"

"Those who disobey will die!"

Changing the topic, the night God Emperor's gaze turned towards bei Shuang.

In an instant, a terrifying might directly attacked bei Shuang.

Bei Shuang's expression changed drastically. She did not expect night God Emperor to suddenly attack her.

"Hong!"

A water-elemental law landed directly on her body. The terrifying power caused bei Shuang to fly backwards.

A trace of despair and fear flashed in her eyes.

"Bei Shuang!"

The expressions of the Bei Chuan Sect Master and the others changed drastically as they let out a cry of alarm.

"Bang!"

Bei Shuang's body crashed into one of the Beichuan Sect's patriarchs. Under this impact, the Beichuan sect's patriarch spat out blood and flew back a few thousand meters.

"Hiss!"

Upon seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air. A hint of horror appeared on their faces.

Under their senses, the life force on the frost goddess had disappeared completely.

She was dead!

When they saw the frost goddess being killed, they looked at the night emperor in awe. Some of them glanced at Wang Xian.

At the side, when Wang Xian saw that bei Shuang was killed, he closed his eyes slightly and his eyelashes fluttered.

"Five days later, before all the forces gather in the abyss, follow me to the Abyss!"

The Night Emperor did not show any signs of emotion towards bei Shuang's death. He swept his gaze across everyone around him and said faintly.

After he finished speaking, his figure disappeared without a trace.

Everyone watched in a daze as their hearts trembled slightly.

This was the majesty of a God Emperor.

The dignified frost goddess had only said one wrong word before she was directly killed.

"Perhaps she was implicated by the Dragon King. After all, the frost goddess has the talent of a great emperor. The night God Emperor could not possibly leave such an antagonistic heaven's favored daughter behind."

An old man from the Nine Heavens sect muttered and shook his head slightly.

All the prodigies were just empty words before they grew up.

They were as dazzling as the frost goddess, but weren't they destroyed by the night God Emperor?

"Sister bei Shuang!"

"Bei Shuang! Bei Shuang!"

At this moment, the voices of the Imperial Star's daughter, the Bei Chuan Sect, rang out!