Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2763: five days

"No matter how magnificent you are!"

"This is what you get for threatening our ye clan!"

The members of the Ye clan looked at the corpse in front of them. They glanced at Wang Xian and the rest and said coldly.

"Let's Go!"

The clan leader of the Ye clan said faintly and flew towards the planet at the side.

"What a pity!"

Ye Shaohuang shook his head. He was filled with pity.

Such a peerless goddess had turned into a pile of yellow soil!

However, this was also looking down on him and the outcome of the Ye clan.

After the Ye clan left, the eight-limbed demon fiend and the others left with the world's end disciples.

The imperial court's protector and the experts of the imperial court glanced at each other before leaving without saying anything.

As for what the imperial court had said, it forbade humans from killing each other within the human race or else they would kill without mercy. However, it did not exist in the face of the divine emperor.

Furthermore, not long ago, the imperial court had already broken this rule because they were protecting the world margin great religion.

"Sister bei Shuang, sister bei Shuang!"

"Bei Shuang!"

At the side, the Emperor Star Lady was crying as she shouted. Bei Chuan Sect Master, ancestor, and the others were also crying out in grief.

Helpless!

Facing the night race and facing the void God Emperor, they had no way to do anything.

"Di Xing 'er, this father has already made the decision. The protectors of the imperial court have also made the decision. After pacifying the Abyss, you and the night race's young Emperor Ye will enter into a marriage alliance. During this period of time, be more obedient. I will send people to look after you. Do you understand?"

At this moment, Di haosong walked to di Xing 'er's side and coldly said to her.

Di Xing 'er raised her head and glared at him with her red eyes.

"HMPH, don't be ungrateful!"

Di Haosong said coldly and left immediately.

"Give me the corpse!"

Wang Xian walked over and said to them.

"Dragon King, see if you can still save bei Shuang. Bei Shuang, this child..."

At the side, the Beichuan sect master said with a face full of grief.

He knew that bei Shuang's life force had all disappeared. She was already dead.

Since the Celestial Emperor had made his move, there was no way he would leave her alive.

Wang Xian didn't say anything. He picked up bei Shuang's corpse and flew directly in the direction of the Dragon Peak.

At the side, the Empress Star followed behind hurriedly.

"The Dragon King can succeed or fail. The Empress was able to rise up because of the cultivation method that the dragon king imparted to her. However, because of the Dragon King, she was destroyed by the Night Celestial Emperor!"

"The frost goddess was killed because of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Although I don't understand why the night Emperor didn't attack the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace directly, the destruction of Beisheng was also a signal!"

"Just because the night clan didn't destroy the Dragon Palace now doesn't mean that they won't destroy the Dragon Palace in the future. The Dragon Palace will be in Big Trouble!"

"The Dragon Palace is strong enough, especially its reputation in the imperial star field. The people ranked first on the merit list of the heroes list are both from the Dragon Palace and the Dragon Palace. After the Abyss War, the Dragon Palace was able to become a force that could rival or even surpass the night clan. I didn't expect the night clan's patriarch to become an Emperor!"

"It's fate. Even if the Dragon Palace isn't destroyed, it will probably be quiet in the future. After all, the night clan and the imperial court have a very good relationship!"

Seeing the Dragon King and the others leave, some experts of some forces discussed in low voices.

The Dragon Palace was very famous in the imperial star field. Everyone knew about it in the intelligence system. But now, it was a pity.

Faced with the orders of the imperial court and the night clan, it was extremely difficult for them to escape.

"Is this the reason why the Dragon King didn't allow us to get close to the Dragon Palace? Did the Dragon King actually predict something long ago?"

Last month, the ancient god Chao of the Dragon Python group looked at the Dragon King's figure with a complicated expression. He felt powerless in his heart.

The Dragon Palace owed them a favor. However, in such a situation, they couldn't help at all. Once they stood on the Dragon Palace's side, what awaited them was destruction.

They had trillions of disciples, and they did not dare to gamble with everyone's lives.

"Wu Wu, Wang Xian, sister bei Shuang is dead!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

When they came to the front of the Dragon Peak, Lady di Xing looked at bei Shuang's corpse in Wang Xian's arms and cried out again.

"Let's return to the Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian looked at Lady di Xing and said to her.

Lady di Xing nodded her head while choking on her sobs.

Wang Xian waved his arm and kept lady di Xing into the mother nest. With a flash, he disappeared.

Tian Cheng and the rest exchanged a glance before disappearing as well.

Buzz

After returning to the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian released di Xing 'er immediately.

"Do you have any plans for the future?"

Wang Xian looked at her and asked.

"I... I will never marry that young Emperor Ye. I..."

Di Xing 'er's expression changed as she clenched her fists tightly.

"What about the people from the imperial court? Why Don't you bring your mother to the Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian said.

"Alright!"

The Empress Star gritted her teeth without any hesitation.

In the huge imperial court, even if she was the empress, she was just a chess piece of the imperial court.

The imperial court's guardian asked her to marry young emperor ye without her consent.

Moreover, her father could no longer be called a father.

In the past, he was annoying. Now, he was filled with resentment.

Even if her father died, she wouldn't even frown.

"Let's go. Save sister bei Shuang First!"

Wang Xian nodded at her and walked into the Dragon King's palace.

"Wang Xian, you can save sister bei Shuang!"

The Imperial Star Lady was stunned for a moment before she said excitedly.

"Let's See!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly.

He did not expect the emperor of the night to directly eliminate bei Shuang from the night race.

However, Wang Xian could not make a move at that time.

That was because he was unsure if the emperor of the imperial court had left.

Furthermore, some preparations for the Dragon Palace were not done well either.

The dragon palace would repay bei Shuang's grudge ten times more quickly.

Five days later...

Wang Xian carried bei Shuang to the front of the Dragon Chair. With a wave of his arm, he plucked a soul-returning embryo fruit.

Currently, there were more than a hundred soul-returning embryo fruits on the soul-returning branches. Only one of them had ever been used, and no one had ever used it.

The Empress Star Lady looked at the fruit curiously.

She did not know the effects of these fruits.

She had never been to the dragon transformation pool or the dragon farm in the Dragon Palace. It was Wang Xian who forbade her from going there.

This was because the former Celestial Emperor Lady was, after all, a member of the imperial court.

"This fruit is called the soul-returning embryo fruit. It can bring people back from the dead!"

Wang Xian saw the curious look on Celestial Emperor Lady's face and said with a smile.

"Bring back from the dead? Is This... is this real?"

Celestial Emperor Lady widened her eyes and said with a face full of shock.

Wang Xian didn't say anything. He crushed the fruit and landed it on bei Shuang's body.

The last time, Xiao Ran's head was taken away and he was able to revive. This time, bei Shuang's revival was much easier.

Traces of life force gathered towards bei Shuang. Di Xingnu could clearly feel that bei Shuang was recovering.

With a glance, she could clearly feel that she was a dead person previously. Now, she looked like a person who was in a deep sleep.

Her eyes were wide open and filled with disbelief.

She had been brought back from the dead, truly brought back from the dead!

She looked at the fruits on the side again. There were hundreds of these fruits.

There were also hundreds of other fruits. This...

What kind of family was this? It was so heaven-defying!