Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2764: The War of 2764 had started, and the imperial star area was in shock

Buzz

Inside the Dragon King's palace, bei Shuang's life force was slowly recovering.

On the side, the imperial star lady watched with her eyes wide open. Her eyes were red, and her mouth was wide open. She looked exceptionally cute.

Slowly, the leaders of the Dragon Palace came to the Dragon King's palace and waited there quietly.

Even if the dragon palace could save bei Shuang, they could still feel the Dragon King's killing intent.

"En!"

Ten minutes later, bei Shuang made a sound. She slowly opened her eyes and looked around in a daze.

"This is... This Is?"

She was already looking around in confusion.

Wasn't she killed by the night God Emperor?

Why was she here?

"Sister bei Shuang, you're awake. That's great, that's Great!"

At this moment, the Empress'Cheers came from the side.

Bei Shuang stood up slightly and touched her body.

"I'm not dead yet!"

She mumbled.

"You've been saved by Wang Xian. You're back from the dead, back from the dead. This is amazing!"

The exclamation of the Empress continued.

Bei Shuang looked at Wang Xian who was beside her.

Wang Xian gently supported her body and looked at her with a smile.

"Join the Dragon Palace!"

He said directly to bei Shuang.

"Yes, master. Bei Shuang will listen to you!"

Bei Shuang nodded slowly.

"With your physique, you can go to the dragon transformation pool and give it a try!"

As Wang Xian spoke, he waved his arm and led bei Shuang and the empress to the front of the dragon transformation pool.

"What effect does this dragon transformation pool have?"

The Empress of the Dragon Transformation Pool had seen it from afar, but she did not know the exact situation.

"The dragon transformation pool of the Dragon Palace can turn it into a divine dragon. Of course, it is difficult to transform it into a real divine dragon. However, even if it is an ordinary dragon, it is exceptionally powerful!"

"The reason why I was willing to take you in as my disciple back then was because of your physique. With your physique, there is a chance for you to transform into a frost divine dragon in the dragon transformation pool. A powerful mutated Divine Dragon!"

Wang Xian did not reply to Di Xingnu's words and spoke to bei Shuang.

"Divine Dragon?"

"Master, is the cultivation method that you taught me the Frost Divine Dragon Cultivation Method?"

Bei Shuang looked at him with a twinkle in her eyes.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian smiled and nodded. He patted her shoulder and said, "Once you enter the Dragon Transformation Pool, you will become a member of the Dragon Palace forever. Enter!"

"Yes, Master!"

Bei Shuang nodded her head. Without any hesitation, she flew straight into the dragon transformation pool. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

There was also some dragon blood inside.

"I want to transform into a divine dragon. Wang Xian, I want to transform into a divine dragon too. Am I a divine dragon at the peak of the Universe? Can I transform into a fairy dragon?"

Di Xing 'er, who was at the side, became lively as she spoke with glowing eyes.

"You are not qualified to transform into a fairy dragon. At the very least, you are not good-looking enough!"

Wang Xian looked at her and teased her.

"HMPH! How is that possible? I am a famous goddess in the Imperial Star Field!"

The Imperial Star Lady curled her lips.

"Hehe, alright. Contact your mother. I will send someone from the Dragon Palace to bring her over. You should consider it carefully. If you come here, you will not be able to return!"

As Wang Xian spoke, a hint of coldness flashed across his eyes.

"I have considered it carefully. If it wasn't for me, my mother would have wanted to leave the imperial court long ago!"

The imperial star lady nodded her head heavily.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. His body moved and he returned to the Dragon King's Palace once again!

"Dragon King!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace greeted him respectfully.

"We still have five days to prepare. In these five days, we must find a way to retreat and be fully prepared!"

"In the other five days, I want the imperial court and the night clan to pay a heavy price!"

Wang Xian sat on the Dragon Throne and roared with a gloomy face.

"Don't worry, Dragon King. We will definitely be prepared. If we don't kill five or six peak-stage immortal king powerhouses, do they really think that our dragon palace can crush them easily?"

Sky Array said with a cold face.

"Haha, this time, Big Brother Demon Eight Qi said that he will let you guys witness the strength of our poisonous horned dragon species!"

Beside him, du Jiu laughed and said.

"Hehe, I hope that Baqi and Baqi can broaden my horizons!"

Tian Chen laughed.

"Tian Chen, How's your research on formations?"

Wang Xian asked Tian Chen.

"Dragon King, it's done. One person for each of you and two for the poisonous horned dragon species. One of you can crush it and return to the Dragon Peak while the other can escape. The second destination has yet to be chosen!"

Heaven Array replied immediately.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly. "Then, we'll wait for five days!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace shouted loudly. Waves of violent aura surged out from their bodies.

Empress Star who was flying over felt the waves of aura and widened her eyes.

Under her senses, the aura of a powerhouse at the peak of the Immortal King realm was no less than eight!

"Is Wang Xian preparing to start a war with the imperial court of the Night Race?"

Empress Star muttered.

Time passed day by day. In these two days, the entire imperial star field was in an uproar.

The Night Race's Patriarch's ascension to the throne shook the entire imperial star field. The birth of a god Emperor was enough to shock everyone.

God emperors were high and mighty. They were invincible existences.

The Night Clan's Patriarch's ascension to the throne could be said to have added another epic-level faction to the Imperial Star Field.

Other than the birth of the night clan's God Emperor, the fact that the night God Emperor had directly destroyed the frost goddess had also caused quite a stir.

The Frost Goddess. Those with a little bit of strength knew of this monstrous heaven's chosen daughter.

She was known as a goddess with the potential to become an emperor, yet she had actually been directly killed by the night God Emperor.

This made many people feel sorry for the Frost Goddess. Some people even said that the night god Emperor was too cruel. Why did he not even let a woman go.

However, soon, a public opinion appeared on the AI. The Frost Goddess was a threat to the night clan and was killed by the night God Emperor.

This public opinion quickly overshadowed all the criticism.

This was the court controlling the public opinion from behind.

The AI was controlled by the imperial court. It was too easy for the imperial court to change some things.

On the AI, some remarks about the Dragon Palace also rose.

"The Dragon Palace is extremely brutal. They assassinated the experts and disciples of the world margin sect, causing the world margin sect to suffer heavy losses. Now that the world margin sect has a good relationship with the night clan, the Dragon Palace will soon be in trouble!"

"The Dragon Palace is very powerful, but they don't put the other sects in their eyes and kill countless disciples of the world margin sect!"

The appearance of all these comments surprised some of the people in the artificial intelligence system.

The Adoration of the Dragon Palace and the shock of the power of the Dragon Palace that they had felt for the past few days slowly disappeared.

The imperial court was quietly changing some of the comments.

And in these few days, there was another matter that attracted the attention of everyone in the AI.

The Night Clan's night God Emperor would lead a group of experts into the Abyss to hunt down the abyssal seeds, in order to resolve the crisis of the human race as soon as possible.

Everyone was looking forward to the war that was about to break out.

And the night God Emperor was without a doubt the great hero of the humans in the imperial star field!

The void God Emperor was worshipped by everyone!