Chapter 2765: The War of 2765 had begun, and the Imperial Star Field was in a state of shock

"It's been four days. How are the preparations going?"

Wang Xian sat in the Dragon King's Palace. He looked at the leaders of the Dragon Palace and asked.

"Dragon King, everything is ready!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile from below.

"Since everything is ready, let's go over!"

He stood up slowly, his eyes shining.

Wang Xian had seen the situation on the front line of the imperial court and some information on the A.I. in the past few days.

However, the Dragon Palace did nothing.

The A.I. was controlled by the imperial court and they controlled public opinion. However, everything was a winner-take-all.

If the Dragon Palace could destroy the imperial court one day, the Dragon Palace would be the king of the Imperial Star Field.

Everyone was impressed and began to worship him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest nodded. Ao Qitian and the rest immediately followed by his side. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Little Xian, be careful!"

"Wang Xian, be careful!"

The group of girls and the Imperial Star Ladies saw Wang Xian leaving and knew that there would be a big battle coming up. They spoke with a slightly worried expression.

"Don't worry, nothing will happen!"

Wang Xian looked at them. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly. He immediately teleported to the front line of the imperial court through the teleportation formation.

"Dragon King, this is some information about tomorrow!"

"Please do it!"

When Wang Xian just arrived at the front line of the Imperial Court's teleportation planet, a staff member of the imperial court seemed to be well-prepared. He passed a yellow paper to them.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked at the content.

The content was very simple. Wang Xian had already received similar information.

It stated that the current strength of the Dragon Palace was the same as the last time. The following was a reminder to the dragon palace that they could not send less than two-thirds of the Dragon Palace's disciples tomorrow.

At that time, there was a possibility that they would carry out a checkup to see if they could send out such a powerful force.

If they deliberately sent fewer people over, they would be punished by the imperial court.

As for how they would be punished, there was no way to say.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at the contents and smiled gently.

It was obvious that the imperial court wanted to be on the same side as the night clan.

With a slight movement of his palm, the paper was immediately turned into ashes.

His gaze swept across the newly built teleportation planet and the palace where the merit points and treasures were exchanged. A cold glint flashed in his eyes.

He moved and arrived at the Dragon Peak. Wang Xian stood on the command platform.

"Poison nine, I'll leave the Merit Exchange Palace to you tomorrow."

Wang Xian said to poison nine who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Poison nine nodded.

According to the news he had received over the past few days, four of the five guardians of the imperial court would lead the disciples of the Imperial Court into the Abyss Tomorrow.

One of the Guardians would guard the Merit Palace.

He would guard all the treasures.

On the night clan's side, a Pinnacle Immortal King was guarding the night clan's nest on the Night Cold Island. Only three Pinnacle Immortal King experts of the Night Clan had entered the abyss. This was good news for the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian looked at the plans and links one by one to ensure that there were no mistakes.

...

"The Dragon King and the rest are already here, right?"

At the same time, in a Star Hall of the imperial court, the night God Emperor was sitting there!

At the front, there were currently two patriarchs, Ba Qi and Mo Sha, three peak-stage immortal king stage powerhouses from the night race and four peak-stage immortal king stage powerhouses from the imperial court.

They were standing respectfully at the front.

The night god Emperor asked them calmly.

"It has already arrived. Lord Night God Emperor, everything is ready for tomorrow's battle. Palace Master Dragon, attack the Central Area!"

"Tomorrow, we will launch a large-scale attack. That black magic system void God Emperor in the depths will definitely order all the races to unite. At that time, the most dangerous area will be the central area!"

An imperial court protector opened his mouth and said.

"Once the battle starts tomorrow, our forefather might be held back by that black magic system void God Emperor Abyss seed. At that time, we have to pay attention to prevent the dragon palace from reacting too excessively!"

The night clan leader slightly raised his brows and said.

"The Dragon Palace should not dare to offend our imperial court and the night clan. This is no different from seeking their own destruction. However, the Dragon Palace will be at the front and center of the Battle Tomorrow. They will definitely be dissatisfied!"

"At that time, we will also ask the night God Emperor to appease them. For example, he promised to let them off if the Dragon Palace builds enough merit points!"

A protector of the imperial court suggested.

"Oh? I'm not a man of my word. I have to keep my word!"

The night emperor frowned slightly and said coldly.

"Don't worry, Lord Night Emperor. If the Dragon Palace really built a lot of merit points, it will also suffer heavy losses. When the time comes, if you let the Dragon Palace go, our imperial court can take action. We can destroy it with any crime!"

The imperial court protector said.

"Sooner or later, we can destroy the Dragon Palace. It doesn't matter who we destroy. But when the time comes, we, the world margin sect, hope to take action together!"

Ba Qi said with a gloomy face.

"Of course, that's not a problem. When the time comes, the Dragon Palace, which might suffer heavy losses, can be easily destroyed by the two of you. Hehe!"

An imperial court protector said with a smile.

"That's even better, when the time comes, I'll hang the Dragon King's Head!"

Beside him, Mo Sha roared with killing intent.

"Alright, the Little Dragon Palace isn't worth our calculations. Guarding this abyss battlefield is the most important thing. Tomorrow, we'll try to kill as many peak undying god King Abyss seeds as possible!"

Night God Emperor said indifferently.

He didn't take the Dragon Palace seriously.

With his current God emperor level, if he really wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace, he would destroy it with a snap of his fingers!

He had never taken it seriously.

"Lord Night God Emperor is right, the Little Dragon Palace isn't worth our attention. The main thing is to deal with the abyss seeds tomorrow. We can't be careless with the abyss seeds. If our luck isn't good tomorrow, there might be casualties."

The imperial court's protector replied.

Then, everyone began to discuss the battle against the abyssal seed tomorrow.

However, just as they were discussing the battle against the abyssal seed tomorrow, they found themselves under a starry sky in the distance.

Pingyi Island, one of the three major islands of the imperial star area.

At this moment, half of the Pingyi Island had been completely devoured by the abyss.

Located in the territory of Pingyi Island, in front of the territory of the imperial court, was an incomparably vast and deep abyss.

This was another Abyss battlefield.

On the front line of the battlefield, countless powerful warships, war machines, and burning stars were lined up in front of the entrance of the Abyss.

At a glance, it gave people an incomparable shock.

What scale was this? What kind of battlefield was this?

In this starry sky, the air was filled with a cold atmosphere.

Compared to this place, the cold night island was simply an ordinary war.

This front line gathered 80% of the entire imperial court's strength, and there were at least a million god-emperor experts gathered.

And in the depths of the Abyss in front of the battle line, there was an incomparably vast abyss ocean floating in the Abyss.

The sky-blue seawater was deep and viscous.

At this moment, in the center of the Endless Abyss Ocean, there was an incomparably huge beast suspended in the air!