Chapter 2766: The Battle of 2766 had begun. The imperial star area was shaken

"Master, we've made a great discovery! A great discovery!"

The giant beast floated in the Deep Abyss. Suddenly, a voice echoed in the surroundings.

"Wu Wu!"

The giant beast growled and looked to the side.

In front of it, the human who was smaller than an ant in front of the giant beast flew over.

"Hehe, Big Brother Xiao Lan, I have something important to report to Master!"

The figure came to the front of the giant beast and said with a laugh.

The giant beast in front of them was emitting a gray aura. Just one eye was a thousand times the size of the human in front of them.

The entire body of the giant beast stretched for at least a hundred kilometers, and the vast aura was constantly surging towards the surroundings.

It was a truly terrifying behemoth in the starry skies.

The behemoth looked at the figure in front of it and opened its mouth slightly.

Within its mouth, one could see a palace, a palace that occupied a radius of at least a few dozen kilometers. It was located within its body.

"Earth grandson, what have you discovered?"

Right at this moment, a woman flew out from within. The woman was also exuding a gray and hazy aura, and she looked incomparably mysterious. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Master, Look, Look!"

The local sun man looked at the woman with a hint of respect in his eyes. He immediately approached her with a smile and held a computer in his hand.

The computer could no longer connect to the signal, but it had downloaded a lot of content in advance.

"Master, Dragon Palace, Dragon King, Look, Look!"

The local sun man said to the woman with shining eyes.

"What?"

The woman's body trembled as she excitedly looked at the information on the AI.

After a long while, she closed her eyes slightly.

"I knew that Little Xian would come to this starry sky!"

The woman was Lan Qingyue, and her eyes sparkled as she said.

And the Giant Beast was little LAN!

"Master, what should we do now?"? "Should we go and contact the Dragon King? Sob, sob, I want to see my male master's heroic figure. What kind of existence is it to be able to create such a powerful dragon body and let me obtain the body of the Earth God Dragon!"

The local sun warrior said with an exaggerated expression.

Lan qingyue glanced at him indifferently, and a thoughtful expression appeared on her face.

"Go to the junction of the imperial court and night cold and send me a message."

She looked at the local sun warrior and said directly.

"It's Master!"

The local sun warrior immediately nodded. "If I rush over now, I can reach there in ten hours."

"Bring the small residence and rush over from the Abyss. Isn't the Cold Night Island going to attack the Abyss Tomorrow? At that time, we will meet up with Little Xian and the others!"

Lan Qing Yue's eyes flickered as she said.

"MN? Master, if I were to bring the small residence over, the monarch god-emperor will definitely know that we are lacking a void god-emperor. They might attack us!"

The earth grandson frowned and said.

"Hehe, do they dare to enter the Abyss Sea? Furthermore, the moment they find out that two god Emperor level existences have appeared on the Night Cold Island, they will definitely go over to support us!"

Lan Qing Yue coldly said.

"Then master, be careful. I will bring the small residence over from the Abyss."

The Earth grandson pondered for a moment before nodding.

In fact, Lan Qingyue's actions were somewhat risky.

He led the small house away. Once the imperial court found out, the divine emperor of the imperial court would definitely attack.

At that time, Little Lan would protect Lan qingyue well, but the other races of the abyss might be massacred.

Once too many of his subordinates died, it would be even more difficult to deal with the imperial court in the future.

"However, as long as I can contact the Dragon King, it will be worth it!"

He muttered. He knew the Dragon King's position in his master's heart.

He also knew that the Dragon King was not simple compared to his master.

After all, his divine dragon body was condensed from the Dragon King's blood.

"Little House!"

His figure moved and retreated out of Xiao Lan's mouth. He shouted toward the outside.

"Little House, master has ordered us to leave!"

He shouted towards the depths of the endless abyss.

"Wu Wu!"

At this moment, a response was heard. Two huge eyes were emitting light, and their pupils were much smaller than Xiao Lan's.

However, the size of the little house was completely different from Xiao Lan's.

If Xiao Lan was said to be in the form of a whale, then the little house looked like an ancient dinosaur from Earth.

It had a long tail and sharp claws.

Its entire body was filled with sharp thorns, making it look even more ferocious.

The small house, Lan Qingyue's second kun!

If Xiao Lan only looked huge and terrifying, then the small house looked even more ferocious and terrifying.

"Wu Wu!"

The small house came to the front of the earthen sun. Its body was half the size of Xiao Lan.

It looked at little blue!

"Woo Woo!"

Little Blue nodded at it.

"Woo Woo!"

The small house hummed and looked at the earthen sun next to it.

"Let's go, Let's Go!"

The earthen sun called out and came to the small house directly, pointing in a direction.

"Let's Go!"

"Buzz!"

The small house's body trembled, and a black hole appeared directly in front of it.

Teleporting directly into the Abyss was an inconceivable divine ability.

Time passed bit by bit, and a tense atmosphere was born at the frontline of the imperial court on the Night Cold Island.

The disciples of various forces were floating in the air around them, forming a formation.

Some experts instructed everyone, and some forces formed a temporary formation.

The next battle would definitely be a fierce one.

Everyone knew that many people would die in this battle.

The last-minute exhortation and formation was to reduce the casualties of the disciples.

After all, this was the first time they faced a large-scale abyssal race when they came to the abyss.

Some time ago, even forces like Jiuxiao didn't fight against a large-scale abyssal race.

"Dragon King, time is almost up."

In Dragon Peak, Heaven Array looked at the time and said.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. His gaze swept across the entire Dragon Peak. There were a total of 70,000 god King level members.

What was revealed was that there were 100,000 immortal god King Dragon Palace disciples waiting for an opportunity to make a move.

This time, the Dragon Palace sent out most of their subordinates.

"All factions, come and gather!"

At this moment, a voice was heard. Wang Xian looked to the side.

In front of him, a high platform suddenly appeared. On both sides of the high platform stood the four immortal King Pinnacle powerhouses of the imperial court.

"All factions, come and gather. Put aside the war machines for the time being and carry out a general order!"

Another voice sounded again.

"Carry out some general orders? Is this to count the number of people from each force?"

"It should be. This is the first time the night Emperor has gone on an expedition. He has already ordered all the forces to come to two-thirds of their forces!"

In the surrounding area, some people heard this voice and discussed in low voices. They immediately flew forward.

"Let's go, we'll go as well!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and said to all the disciples.

"Yes!"

Tian Cheng, the rest of them and the disciples of the Dragon Palace immediately flew out of the Dragon Peak and headed forward.