Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2767: The Battle of 2767 had begun, and the Emperor Star area was in a state of shock

"Hiss, is this the power of the Dragon Palace? There are so many godly monarchs. Look, there are at least 70,000 of them!"

"Such strong strength. The leader of the Dragon Palace should be a pinnacle immortal godly monarch."

"The power of the Dragon Palace is indeed strong. And this is only two-thirds of their power!"

When Wang Xian led the group of experts from the Dragon Palace over, the people from the surrounding forces looked over with shocked expressions.

There were more than 70,000 members of the Dragon Palace, and each of them was exuding a powerful aura.

There were more than 70,000 immortal king powerhouses, and this was only two-thirds of the strength of the Dragon Palace. The entire Dragon Palace was stronger than the previous night clan.

"I wonder how many peak immortal king powerhouses are there in the Dragon Palace!"

Even the nine heavens sect and the rest were slightly shocked when they looked over.

The strength of the Dragon Palace was too strong!

Around them, some experts and disciples from the imperial court of the night clan flew over and looked at Wang Xian and the rest.

But very quickly, the night clan leader and the rest curled their lips.

This time, the Night Clan had 50,000 undying godly monarch experts and tens of millions of disciples below the godly monarch level.

The Imperial Court had 40,000 undying godly monarch experts and over 20 million disciples below the godly monarch level.

The nine clouds sect had over 40,000 undyings and over 10 million disciples below the emperor level.

The other sects all had over 20,000 to 30,000 undyings and over 100 million disciples below the emperor level.

These were all the elites and core warriors of the Emperor Star Field!

The number of undyings that had arrived for this battle was no less than 300,000

Weng

Just as all the disciples from the various powers had arrived, a silhouette appeared on the platform.

A water blue light enveloped the area, giving it a sacred and majestic look.

Night God Emperor's cold gaze scanned the surroundings, his gaze lingering at the Dragon Palace for a few seconds.

"Greetings, Night God Emperor!"

Everyone saw night God Emperor arrive and immediately bowed respectfully.

His voice resounded throughout the entire space.

"Next, I will lead all of you into the abyss. This battle will be a crucial one, I will try my best to kill a large number of peak undying god King Abyss seeds."

"In this battle, I will pin down the void God Emperor level abyss seeds. In the other battlefields, the Dragon Palace will be the leader. In this battle, the Dragon Palace must eliminate three peak level undying godly monarch abyss seeds!"

Night God Emperor stood above and ordered indifferently.

"Oh?"

Night God Emperor's words stunned everyone. In the next moment, everyone looked towards the direction of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian stood there. He wasn't too surprised by the Emperor of the night's words.

Wang Xian had already found out about all their plans!

"Emperor of the night, why is My Dragon Palace the leader? Why Must My Dragon Palace destroy three peak-stage immortal king species?"

Even though Wang Xian had already found out about it, he couldn't show it at this moment.

At this moment, his expression changed slightly as he asked in a deep voice.

"Just because I owe two patriarchs of the world margin sect a favor, and just because of the Dragon Palace, you framed us, the night clan!"

"Is this explanation enough?"

Boom

The Emperor of the night stared at Wang Xian as a terrifying aura engulfed Wang Xian and the rest. The powerful aura instantly caused Wang Xian and the rest to turn pale.

"Hiss, this... as expected, the emperor of the night would make a move against the Dragon Palace!"

"I didn't expect the emperor of the night to owe Tianya a favor. The Dragon Palace is in trouble now!"

"The Dragon Palace must destroy three peak-level immortal king level abyssal seeds. This... even if the dragon palace can be destroyed, it must suffer heavy losses!"

"The Dragon Palace might be finished!"

The expressions of the various factions changed when they saw the Emperor of the night's aura. They thought to themselves.

"Guardians of the Imperial Court, our Dragon Palace has killed so many abyss seeds and now we are going to end up like this?"

Wang Xian looked at the Four Guardians of the imperial court and said with an embarrassed expression.

"The power of the god Emperor is inviolable. Originally, the Night Emperor wanted to destroy your dragon palace directly. It was the imperial court who pleaded for mercy and didn't destroy it directly!"

One of the Guardians of the imperial court looked at Wang Xian and said calmly.

"Now that the Abyss has invaded and this battle is led by me, I will give your dragon palace a chance to redeem themselves. As long as your Dragon Palace is able to destroy three peak immortal king level Abyss species and build a great merit, I can let you off!"

"Your Dragon Palace doesn't need to doubt my words. However, if you don't complete your merit, I Will Destroy Your Little Dragon Palace with a wave of my hand!"

"HMPH, if this were any other day, you wouldn't have the chance to survive!"

The night God Emperor said coldly. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian's expression changed as he stood there.

"Does Your Dragon Palace agree to this?"

The night God Emperor asked coldly again. The Aura from his body continued to press forward.

If Wang Xian said that he didn't agree now, the result would be that he would have to face the night God Emperor's attack.

"I hope the Emperor of the night will keep his word!"

Wang Xian closed his eyes slightly and said.

"Of course. I don't want to lie to your Little Dragon Palace!"

The emperor of the night said faintly.

"All the forces, Bring Your War machines and follow me into the battlefield!"

The emperor of the night shouted softly and turned around to fly towards the abyss.

"The Dragon Palace is the leader and is in the center!"

The leader of the night clan said coldly.

"Disciples of the Dragon Palace, enter the Dragon Peak!"

Wang Xian gave a light shout and flew straight into the Dragon Peak.

The group of disciples followed him immediately.

When they arrived at the Dragon Peak, Wang Xian stood on the command platform and scanned his surroundings coldly.

"Let's Go!"

He said faintly. The Heaven Formation controlled the Dragon Peak and went straight to the center in front.

On the left and right sides were the disciples of the night clan and the imperial court.

The huge dragon peak of the Dragon Palace was unusually eye-catching.

"Dragon Bay, let your long-range disciples stay in the war machines. Those who are in close combat, come out!"

When the huge dragon peak arrived directly, the emperor of the night, who was floating in the sky, ordered again.

"Ao Qitian, Ao Jian!"

Wang Xian gestured to them. The two of them moved and immediately flew toward the left and right sides of the Dragon Peak.

At the same time, other than Mou Zesen and the other arrow dragon species, the rest were on both sides of the Dragon Peak!

"Very good, follow me into the Abyss!"

Night Emperor roared loudly!

"Let's Go!"

The night clan leader and the rest followed suit.

"Let's Go!"

"Let's Go!"

"Let's Go!"

Immediately, the disciples of the night clan, the imperial court, and the other factions raised their weapons and roared loudly. They immediately followed behind and flew forward.

"The Dragon Emperor and the rest will probably suffer heavy losses in this battle!"

"Killing three pinnacle undying emperor abyss species before letting the dragon palace off, that's extremely hard, who knows, the Pinnacle Emperor warriors of the Dragon Palace might even fall!"

"Hehe, let me see, this is a good thing for us, the Dragon Palace will deal with the majority of the abyss species, we'll reduce a lot of pressure and losses!"

"That's true. With the Dragon Palace here, we won't lose much no matter how much we lose!"

Some forces looked at the Dragon Palace and discussed, while some others gloated.

They were actually happy to see the Dragon Palace as the main force!