Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2768: battle, the Emperor Star Field Shook 5

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

Close to 300,000 undying emperors, over 100 million disciples, under night God Emperor's lead, stepped into the abyss.

At this time, everyone's bodies were filled with a violent battle intent.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

However, when they stepped into the abyss, in the depths of the Abyss, an incomparably violent howl resounded.

The night God Emperor, who was in front of them, felt a slight chill as he stared ahead.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the roar from the depths of the Abyss sounded once again!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga Ga!"

In the next moment, the entire abyss seemed to be boiling. All sorts of powerful roars sounded as though they were responding to the king in the depths of the abyss.

Rumble Rumble Rumble

At the same time, they could clearly feel two terrifying energies surging towards them from both sides.

The entire Abyss seemed to have been shaken, the booming sounds were endless.

Night God Emperor scanned his surroundings.

"13 peak undying Emperor Warriors!"

He said indifferently, his voice reaching everyone's ears.

"13, on our side, the Emperor Court has 4 guardians, the night race has 3,9 sky, Sky Demon and Tian Ya have 5, that's 10, we don't know how many there are in the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace wants to destroy those 3 peak undyings, we don't know if they can do it!"

"Even if they can't, they have to do it, I hope the Dragon Palace can unleash their power and fight them to the death, Hehe, that way our pressure will be much less!"

"Everyone, be on your guard. The strength of the abyssal seed is not weaker than us!"

Some people whispered when they heard this number.

Wang Xian was standing on the command platform of the Dragon Peak. When he heard these voices, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

"My Divine Kingdom!"

A voice sounded in the sky. Everyone looked over in astonishment.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Behind the Abyss, an incomparably huge void God nation appeared. It was a towering void God nation that was emitting a sky-blue light as it flew over.

"Lord Night God Emperor has used his own void God Nation!"

"Hiss, what a huge might. It can actually change the world. Look, it's raining over here!"

Everyone looked over. The rain was dripping over here. Everyone's hearts trembled slightly. This was the god Emperor!

"Hehe, he has just reached the void God Emperor realm. Night God Emperor needs to borrow the void God nation's power to battle. Otherwise, if he were to really fight with that Abyss God Emperor, he might not be his match!"

And on Dragon Peak, the Heaven Array spoke with contempt.

At his peak, he could destroy the night God Emperor alone. Even if he was not in the abyss, he could not let him escape.

This was the confidence of an array master.

"If that abyss seed of the void God emperor were to fight with the night God Emperor directly, that would be great!" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Wang Xian said lightly.

"The possibility is a little small. For an existence at such a realm, I reckon that one or two peak immortal King Abyss seeds would have to die before the abyss seed of the void God Emperor would make a move!"

Tian Chen, who was at the side, shook his head!

"That's not good!"

Wang Xian shook his head slightly.

If that void God Emperor Abyss seed could kill its way over to fight with night God Emperor, the Dragon Palace would at least be able to kill a few peak-level immortal king powerhouses.

As long as they killed a few more, this battle would be more stable.

However, based on Tian Chen's experience and the previous battles, that God Emperor Abyss seed would basically not kill its way over.

If that was the case, the Dragon Palace could only launch a sneak attack when the battle broke out, and then the sky array would stop the night God Emperor.

At that time, even if the Dragon Palace could only use two peak undying kings, they would not be afraid in the chaotic battle!

After all, the imperial court and the night race still had to fight against the abyssal seed.

Most importantly, the Dragon Palace had many level 9 undying kings.

Hua La La

The majestic void God country flew into the sky, and rain began to fall in their area.

Everyone around raised their heads to take a look.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

At this time, when the void God country arrived, in the depths of the Abyss, a huge winged abyss seed was lying on top of a flaming meteorite.

The entire meteorite was emitting intense flames, a huge god Emperor level abyss seed was lying there.

When he sensed the void God realm, he slightly raised his head. His three flaming eyes were filled with a violent expression.

His wings slowly moved, his body standing on the flaming meteorite!

"Boom!"

The next moment, he flapped his wings and flew forward.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

In the front, all the abyssal races were flying in this direction. All sorts of roars shook the entire abyss.

At least tens of billions of abyssal races were gathering at the center!

The battle was about to start!

"Oh?"

Night God Emperor, who was standing above his void God kingdom, frowned slightly when he sensed the power of the abyss.

That God Emperor abyssal race was already flying over!

"Prepare to attack!"

Night God Emperor's eyes revealed a cold expression. He licked his lips and immediately ordered.

"Yes!"

Everyone replied loudly.

"Dragon Palace will take the lead!"

On the left side of Dragon Peak, the leader of the night clan shouted coldly.

"Go!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly!

In front of him was the largest race of the abyss. There were three leaders of the pinnacle immortal king level abyss species.

Boom Boom

Dragon Peak flew forward. The powerhouses of the Dragon Palace immediately followed from the left and right.

The Dragon Palace was the first to charge forward.

The surrounding factions were about ten kilometers behind the Dragon Palace.

They were doing it on purpose.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and did not say anything.

Everything was under their control.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, an incomparably terrifying roar and the smell of sulfur rushed over!

In the sky in front, a void God emperor ranked abyssal seed that was burning with flames directly rushed over.

Its three eyes were staring at the night God Emperor's void God kingdom as it flapped its wings!

"Mn?"

"That God Emperor ranked abyssal seed is rushing over, hiss!"

"This... it actually directly attacked over!"

When everyone saw this god Emperor ranked abyssal seed rushing over, their expressions changed greatly.

Logically speaking, when they were fighting, two god-emperor experts would be guarding the rear and suppressing it.

However, they did not expect this void god-emperor ranked abyssal seed to rush over directly.

It was somewhat against common sense!

"Oh?"

"I'll leave this battlefield to you guys. This god-emperor will go and meet this god-emperor abyssal seed!"

Night God-emperor narrowed his eyes slightly and coldly roared!

"Our imperial court will take over the battlefield. The Dragon Palace will fight against the Abyss species in front of us. Leave the rest to us!"

The four protectors of the imperial court immediately roared loudly when they heard that.

"Yes!"

All the surrounding forces and powerhouses responded loudly immediately.

"Hehe, the heavens are really helping our Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, Wang Xian smiled when he saw this scene!