Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2769: The Battle of 2769 had begun, and the Imperial Star region was in a state of shock

"All disciples, Get Ready!"

"All disciples, get ready for battle!"

In the Abyss, when night God Emperor flew towards the sky to meet that void God Emperor Abyss seed, all the leaders of the other factions stared at their surroundings and roared loudly.

The Dragon Palace was fighting against an abyss race at the very front. It was also the largest abyss race, but the other factions still had to deal with many large abyss races.

Therefore, even the imperial court and the night race were filled with solemnity.

Boom

Crash

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a terrifying collision sound was heard from the sky. It was the clash between fire and water.

The roaring of the flames and the shooting of the rain.

A war that belonged to the level of a celestial thearch was launched instantly.

"Prepare to activate the second plan!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was standing on the Dragon Peak, looked at Heaven Array and licked his lips. His face was filled with a smile.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Heaven Array's eyes were filled with excitement as well. He nodded his head heavily.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, a roar came from the front. The abyssal races in front had already attacked.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian stared at the abyss species in front of him and shouted.

"Yes!"

"Kill!"

As the order was given, all the members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division in Dragon Peak instantly shot arrows forward.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In an instant, countless densely packed arrows shot towards the abyss species in front of them.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

In front of Dragon Peak, one by one, they appeared and condensed into a monster that attacked the three peak-stage immortal king stage abyss species in front of them.

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

In an instant, the battle over at the Dragon Palace erupted.

The powerful archers pierced through the abyss species.

In an instant, at least a million of them were killed.

One had to know that there were over 40,000 undying emperor level arrow dragon species, the entire abyss species added together, there were only about 40,000 of them.

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace's archers are terrifying, I have to say they are really strong!"

"They are very strong, with the Dragon Palace's strength, I feel that they can easily wipe out the entire race!"

"Powerful, powerful, it's best if after they wipe out this race, they can help us deal with the other races!"

Some of the surrounding powers saw the battle on the Dragon Palace's side and were shocked.

Powerful archers instantly killed millions of abyss species, and there were even undying emperors amongst them, it was truly terrifying.

"Looks like the requirements on the Dragon Palace are too low!"

On the side of the imperial court, the 4 guardians glanced over and said calmly.

"What a pity, this dragon palace is indeed very strong, it has huge potential, but it offended a god Emperor!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

An imperial court protector shook his head indifferently.

On their side, the abyss seed had yet to rush over, hence there was no battle happening.

None of the powers had any thoughts of helping the Dragon Palace.

In the sky, Night God Emperor and the void God Emperor level abyss seed were fighting.

The Dragon Palace in front was also clashing with the abyss seed.

"Get Ready, our battle is about to begin!"

At this time, the four protectors of the imperial court swept their gazes to the sides. A powerful aura surged from their bodies as they locked onto the peak undying god King Abyss seeds.

Around them, many abyss races had already charged over.

"Brother Feng Yazi, brother Wu Lin Gao, let's find an opportunity to destroy a peak undying god King Abyss Seed First!"

On the other side of the Dragon Peak, the night clan leader and the rest looked at the two ancestors of the world margin sect and said.

"No problem, the five of us will fight against three, we'll find an opportunity to destroy one!"

The eight limbed on Feng Yaazi's body curled his lips and said immediately.

"Hahaha, good, let's have a good battle today!"

The night clan leader and the rest laughed with fighting spirit.

"Fight!"

Around them, the disciples were also filled with fighting spirit as they roared.

"Kill!"

Soon, one after another of the Abyss races charged over. An all-out battle had erupted!

"Let's lock onto these three!"

The leader of the night clan roared and directly attacked the peak-stage immortal King Level Abyss races ahead.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the side, the peak-stage immortal King Level Expert of the night clan and the eight-limbed demon fiend charged over.

The collision was initiated instantly.

"It's starting!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was standing on the Dragon Peak, squinted his eyes slightly when he saw the full-scale outbreak of the battle.

"The plan can start now!"

He raised his head and looked at the battle between the night God Emperor and the void God Emperor Abyss seed in the distance. A smile appeared on his face.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

"Kill them all!"

At this moment, Wang Xian revealed a wanton and crazy expression. An incomparably violent killing intent surged out from his body.

All the forbearance during this period of time was unleashed.

The arrangements during this period of time were also unleashed.

Buzz

When Wang Xian gave the order, the grayish green leaves on the dragon peak floated out slowly. They connected together and covered the area in front of them.

This was a defensive formation!

It could withstand the countless abyssal races for a few minutes.

This was enough!

Wang Xian's furious roar, which was filled with killing intent, did not attract the attention of the experts from the other factions around him.

From their point of view, the roars during the battle were aimed at the abyssal races in front of them.

However, they did not notice that the bows and arrows on the arrow platform had already changed their direction during the battle.

"Leader Ye, the three of you block the attack. Let the three of you see our trump cards, hahaha!"

At this time, on the left side of the void, the eight Qi demon sha and the leader of the Ye clan had a total of five people fighting against three peak undying god King Abyss species.

The eight Qi demon laughed loudly, roaring with power.

"Oh? Alright, Alright, let us block it. Let us see the power of the two of you!"

The night clan leader and the others raised their eyebrows when they heard that, immediately laughing.

The three of them moved, immediately attacking the three pinnacle undying god King Abyss species to defend.

"Begin the slaughter!"

The eight points and Mo Sha looked at each other, their gazes sweeping across the space, their faces filled with rage as they roared.

A vast power gathered around their bodies.

"Alright!"

The Ye clan leader and the rest could sense the aura that Ba qi and Mo Sha were exuding. They smiled.

"Boom Boom!"

However, at this moment, Ba Qi and Mo Sha's body moved. They carried a terrifying aura as they attacked the Ye clan leader and the rest.

"Eh? Brother Feng Yaazi, you guys..."

"Not good, they want to kill us!"

"What are you doing!"

The sudden change, the instantaneous changes made the night clan leader and the rest stunned, following which they roared in shock and anger!

Sou Sou

At this time, an arrow shot towards them!

Qiang Qiang Qiang Qiang

However this wasn't over, other than the arrow that appeared, there were 3 extremely sharp blades.

One wind, one thunder, one fire, they were all peak undying attacks!