Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2770: The 2770 war had started, the Emperor Star area was shaken 7

"What!"

"Damn it, world margin sect, what are you doing!"

When the eight points and Demon Beasts attacked, when the arrows and three sharp swords attacked, the night clan leader and the other two changed their faces, shouting in fear!

Boom

But everything happened too fast!

They had just blocked the attack of the peak undying God King, and now they were facing the attack of the eight points demon beasts.

And the arrows came from Mou Ze Sen's attack, the same attack from a peak undying god King.

As for the three sharp swords, they were the three attacks from the immortal slaying calabash.

After a few months of not using the calabash, it had already accumulated over a dozen sharp swords.

And in terms of power, it was much stronger than before.

It could be said that at this moment, the night clan leader and the other two faced the attacks of the Nine Peak Undying God kings.

And it was a sudden attack.

"Rumble Rumble Rumble!"

The attacks of the eight Qi Devil Sha and Mu Ze Sen landed on their bodies. The powerful destructive power caused a large amount of blood to spurt out from their bodies as they flew backwards.

"Clang Clang Clang Clang!"

The attacks of the three sharp swords followed closely, not pausing at all!

"Ah!"

When the night clan's clan leader and the other two saw this terrifying attack, their bodies released a powerful aura as they formed a defensive barrier in front of them.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

However, the defensive barrier that they released in an emergency did not manage to block the attacks of the three sharp swords.

"Ka Ka!"

The sharp swords pierced through the defensive barrier and immediately landed on their bodies, causing their injuries to worsen.

"Kill!"

The eyes of the eight-limbed demon Fiend and the others emitted an incomparably violent killing intent as they charged forward and continued their attacks!

Mou Zesen's arrows also attacked once again!

"Oh no!"

"Not good!"

The three of them were injured by the sneak attacks one after another. When they saw the eight-limbed demon fiend and the others attacking once again, their hearts sank.

"Ah Ah!"

"Ah!"

When their attacks arrived, two miserable screams sounded.

One of the night clan's patriarchs was pierced through the head by Mou Zesen's arrow, and his body trembled violently.

One of the Patriarchs was beheaded by Mo Sha!

However, a sky-blue shield bloomed in front of the Ye clan's Patriarch's chest and blocked the attack of Ba Qi.

"No, the world margin sect has joined forces with the Dragon Palace. You're courting death!"

The night clan's patriarch blocked the fatal attack and looked at his father and one of the Patriarchs who had lost their life force. He roared with a ferocious face.

Until now, he still didn't understand why the two patriarchs of the world margin sect attacked them.

Why did the two patriarchs of the world margin sect join forces with the experts of the Dragon Palace!

Weren't they mortal enemies?

The death of his father and one of the patriarchs of the Ye clan made him extremely furious.

"Those who offend the Dragon Palace will die!"

However, at this moment, a black and white shadow suddenly appeared behind him and a cold voice entered the clan leader's mind.

"Pu!"

In the next moment, a sharp claw directly pierced into his chest, and a sickle-like arm cut off his head.

The night clan leader, who was still furious just a moment ago, instantly died!

"What... What's going on?"

The battle just now had only happened in ten seconds, and ten seconds was too short.

The sudden change caused all the powerful disciples of the night clan below to not have time to react.

When the two miserable shrieks were heard, when the night clan leader roared in rage, and when the night clan leader was killed, only then did everyone react. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Why did the two patriarchs of the world margin sect attack our clan leader and the others? Why did they join forces with the Dragon Palace? !"

"Our... Our clan leader's patriarch was killed. How could this be? How could this be? !"

At this moment, all the experts and disciples of the night clan shouted in fear when they saw their patriarch die.

Why?

How could this happen?

Who would have thought that the patriarch of the world margin sect and the Dragon Palace would join forces to attack their patriarch in an instant.

The Patriarch's death caused their hearts to tremble violently.

"The Dragon Palace and the world margin sect killed our patriarch and Patriarch. Be careful, be careful!"

An elder of the night clan reacted and immediately shouted at everyone.

"Retreat, we'll retreat immediately!"

An elder of the night clan hurriedly shouted.

In front of them were a group of abyss seeds. However, the sudden change and the death of their clan leader and patriarch caused them to feel extremely terrified.

At this time, they could no longer fight!

"Kill!"

However, at this moment, a cold roar came from the side.

"Pu, Pu, Pu!"

At the side, the poisonous horned dragon seeds on the bodies of the experts of the world margin sect began to move.

Because of the alliance between the world margin sect and the night clan, they were all on the same side.

The sudden attack caught many members of the night clan off guard!

"Ah, ah, ah!"

In an instant, tens of thousands of disciples of the night clan experts were killed.

Especially the poisonous horned dragon seed that was parasitic on the three elders of the horizon great sect. While the night clan was still in a state of shock and anger, it sneaked up on the three elders of the night clan and instantly killed them!

"The horizon great sect has betrayed us. Kill them, kill them!"

An elder of the night clan saw that the three elders of the horizon great sect had killed the three elders of the night clan. His eyes were blood-red as he furiously roared.

However, at this moment, most of the members of the horizon great sect were also incomparably stunned.

Why did the patriarch and the others sneak attack the night clan's patriarch and the others?

Why did their elders suddenly attack the members of the night clan?

However, when they saw the surrounding experts of the night clan lock onto them with killing intent, their expressions changed drastically.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

Numerous attacks covered them.

"Kill!"

When they saw this attack, they could only counterattack. If they didn't counterattack, they would die.

However, once they counterattacked, they would be completely thrown into chaos.

"Kill them!"

In the center, more than ten elders of the night clan looked at the three elders of the world margin great sect. They clenched their fists and roared wildly.

They attacked the three elders of the world margin great sect in unison.

"PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!"

Suddenly, piercing sounds were heard.

"Sixth Elder, eighth elder, Thirteenth Elder!"

"Fifth elder, what are you doing? What are you doing? !"

The more than ten elders who had rushed over suddenly heard the changes on the side. Nine of them looked over and their eyes instantly widened in disbelief.

"Hahaha, the Dragon Palace is invincible. All of You Must Die!"

An extremely excited voice came from the three elders of the Ye clan. There were three corpses beside them.

"You... you... you actually..."

The remaining nine elders could not believe that their elders of the Ye clan, such a core existence, had been betrayed.

Their descendants were all members of the night clan. They had the blood of the night clan flowing through their veins!

"Ahhhh!"

"Why did you kill me? Why?"

"There's a traitor in our night clan!"