Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Chapter 2771: The Battle of 2771 had begun. The Emperor Star area was shaken

It was boiling!

It was boiling!

Everybody on the night clan's side was panicking.

The three elders of the night clan had been killed. The elders of the World Horizon sect had ambushed and killed three elders. The three elders had betrayed them and ambushed the three elders.

At this moment, screams and screams came from the back.

Some experts of the night clan attacked their own people.

At this moment, many members of the night clan were stunned!

What exactly happened? were they hallucinating?

"The three elders betrayed the great world sect. There are still people from our night clan who betrayed us. Retreat, Retreat, Retreat!"

The nine elders'blood-red eyes scanned their surroundings as they ordered loudly.

If even the elders could betray them, then how many of their disciples had betrayed them?

Among the nine elders, did anyone else betray them?

Chaos, complete Chaos!

Especially at this time, the abyss seed in front had already rushed over.

Internal Chaos, the world margin sect and the night race were fighting, and the elders had betrayed them.

At this time, how could they fight?

In the air, the three Pinnacle Undying God kings were stunned, what was going on, the five that fought with them just now were now fighting amongst themselves?

Another three were killed!

"Kill!"

"Destroy everyone from the night clan!"

At this time, the eight points demon Sha and the others moved too, their gazes locked onto the nine elders of the night clan, carrying terrifying power as they charged over.

Devil Fiend waved his arm, and terrifying flames directly covered the night clan.

"The world margin sect and the Dragon Palace have joined forces to betray us and kill our patriarch and two patriarchs. Lord Protector of the imperial court, please call for reinforcements!"

A patriarch of the night clan saw the eight-limbed devil fiend coming at him, and his heart pounded violently as he shouted sternly.

"Something has happened to the night clan!"

"Not good! The world margin sect and the Dragon Palace have joined forces. What's going on?"

At this moment, the imperial court on the right side of Dragon Peak had already sensed the changes on the night clan's side.

Especially the night clan's Patriarch's Angry Roar and the night clan's Elder's angry order.

This made them suddenly have a bad premonition.

"Attack!"

At this moment, a cold voice sounded in the ears of the experts and disciples of the imperial court.

"Sou Sou Sou!"

A rain of arrows suddenly shot towards them.

The expressions of all the warriors and disciples changed.

At this time, they were fighting with the abyss species in front of them!

"Hong!"

"Dragon Palace, are you rebelling? Dragon King, are you courting death?"

"You actually dare to attack our people, do you know what you are doing?"

In the air, the four guards of the imperial court were fighting with the four pinnacle undying emperor abyss species, sensing the arrows in the air below, their expressions ugly as they roared.

This Little Dragon Palace actually dared to fight against the people attacking their imperial court!

Were they tired of living?

"Hahaha, all the disciples of the Dragon Palace, kill them all, kill everyone here today!"

A maniacal laughter was heard as figures rushed out one after another.

Wang Xian was in the lead. His palm turned into a dragon claw as he charged toward the imperial court!

Beside him, Ao Qitian, Ao Qi, AO xingmu, Ao Jian, three dragon guards were controlling the heaven's end ruler, and an expert from the Dragon Palace was controlling the Dragon Machine, Ao Fenghuang, and Ao Tu. All of them carried a terrifying aura, they charged towards the imperial court.

Meanwhile, the sky array was standing on the command platform and controlling the array to block the abyssal race in front.

"Not good, the dragon palace experts are charging over!"

"Hiss, what a terrifying aura. Peak Immortal King, Dragon King and the rest are all peak immortal king experts!"

"Guardian!"

When Wang Xian and the rest charged over, some of the experts felt their aura and widened their eyes in shock.

That terrifying power was all that of a Pinnacle Immortal King!

One, two, three... nine, a total of nine!

"This... how is this possible!"

The Four Guardians of the imperial court who were fighting against a pinnacle immortal king abyss seed sensed the power of Wang Xian and the rest. Their eyes swept over and their hearts pounded violently!

"Die!"

An incomparably cold voice resounded throughout the world. The terrifying dragon claws attacked all the powerful disciples of the imperial court.

"Die!"

Ao qitian, Ao Qi, AO xingmu, and the others also attacked.

The destructive attack covered everyone.

"Dragon King, Stop! As long as you dare to kill the disciples of the imperial court, the imperial court will not let you go. We will not let the Dragon Palace go!"

"Everyone in the Dragon Palace will suffer the revenge of the imperial court. Stop!"

A protector of the imperial court looked over and shouted in fear.

His voice resounded throughout the battlefield!

"Hahaha, the imperial court, we killed those from the imperial court today. None of you can leave today!"

"Do you think that the Dragon Palace doesn't know the scheme of the imperial court and the night God Emperor? You asked the Dragon Palace to fight the abyssal seed with our lives. Even if we succeed, the imperial court will punish us in the future!"

"Hahaha, today is the time for your imperial court to pay the price. All of you! All of you will die!"

All of you!

All of You Must Die!

Wang Xian roared with a face full of killing intent!

It had been a long time since Wang Xian's killing intent soared to the sky. His disciple, bei Shuang, was killed directly.

The emperor of the night had plotted against the Dragon Palace and wanted to destroy it!

Everything had made Wang Xian decide to shed all pretense of cordiality with the imperial court!

This time, he would kill as many people from the imperial court as he could.

Furthermore, Wang Xian was very satisfied with the start of the day.

"What's going on? The Dragon Palace is making a move against the imperial court of the Night Race?"

"Hiss, what are the Dragon Palace doing? Are they courting death?"

"Damn it, the Dragon Palace is actually making a move against the imperial court and the night race at this moment. All disciples, get ready to retreat from the abyss at any time!"

The expressions of the other forces changed dramatically when they heard the roar.

Some people were shocked!

Some people were furious!

Some people were shocked and angry!

The Dragon Palace attacked the imperial court and the night clan!

The world margin sect had joined forces with the Dragon Palace!

Unbelievable!

"Protector, Help!"

"Help, protector, no, no, no, I don't want to Die!"

Rumble Rumble Rumble

Panic and despair descended. The Emperor Court's 20 million disciples all looked at the attacks falling towards them with fear.

The full force attack of the 9 Pinnacle Undying Emperors covered them all.

They couldn't defend!

They couldn't defend at all.

Even if they used all their strength to defend, they could only defend against 2 undying emperors at most. However this time, there were simply too many.

An apocalyptic destructive attack fell towards them.

Countless disciples roared, countless disciples begged for help!

The empress that was once proud of the imperial court was filled with despair at this moment.

"No!"

The four guards looked over and roared unwillingly!

"Night God Emperor, save the people of our imperial court!"