Chapter 2772: When a god-emperor is injured, the world will be shocked

"Lord Night God-emperor, save the people of our imperial court!"

When a protector of the imperial court called for help, Night God-emperor, who was fighting against the Void god-emperor Abyss seed in the sky, had an extremely gloomy expression.

"Hong Hong Hong!"

In front of him, the Void god-emperor Abyss seed was attacking him with violent energy.

In the sky, a flame occupied one part of the sky while a sky-blue water law occupied another part of the sky.

However, on his side, incomparably fierce flames were attacking him continuously.

At this moment, night God Emperor discovered that there was still quite a big gap between him and some veteran void God emperors.

At the very least, he knew that he was not a match for this void God Emperor Abyss seed in front of him.

After all, he had only become a void God emperor for a few days and had yet to fully settle down.

However, due to his inheritance, he was able to withstand the attacks of the abyss seed in front of him.

Even if he could not defeat his opponent, he would not lose in a short period of time.

However, the void God Emperor Abyss seed in front of him was incomparably berserk and attacked continuously.

This made it difficult for him to withstand the attacks again and again.

What he did not know was that this void God Emperor Abyss seed in front of him was currently feeling extremely violent in its heart.

Recently, it discovered that many of its subordinates had died.

Especially the last time, it had lost three subordinates in one go.

At that time, it was still being suppressed by a fellow that was emitting white light. It was simply unable to go over and provide support.

This time, it came to attack again. Did It really think that it was easy to bully?

That was why he had flown over directly and attacked the fellow in front of him fiercely, letting this fellow know how powerful he was!

"Damn it!"

Night God Emperor's gaze swept downwards. When he saw that terrifying might, his eyes were filled with killing intent.

He had already sensed it when the night clan's patriarch had let out an angry roar just now.

However, because of the attack of the god Emperor's abyssal seed, he could not keep paying attention to it.

Now that he looked over, his heart was filled with endless rage!

Over at the night clan, the two ancestors of the world margin sect were killing the members of the night clan!

Over at the imperial court, the attacks of the nine peak undying godly monarchs covered everyone in the imperial court.

His descendant, the night clan leader, his father, and the other night clan ancestor had lost all signs of life.

"Roar!"

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, you are courting death. You are seeking your own destruction!"

At this moment, the night God Emperor couldn't help but let out a roar as he roared at the people below.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, a terrifying explosion sounded from below. Its power wasn't any weaker than his side of the battlefield.

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"No, no, no!"

A scream resounded across the entire battlefield.

At this moment, the entire abyssal seed battlefield suddenly fell silent.

In the surrounding area, everyone looked over in shock. Their eyes were wide open and filled with shock.

At this moment, even countless abyssal seeds paused for a moment and looked over in shock.

The full-powered attack of nine peak god-king experts landed in the same area. Such a terrifying energy caused even the abyssal seeds to reveal terrified expressions.

In the sky, the void God Emperor abyssal seed that was furiously attacking the night God Emperor also looked down.

Seeing that attack, he was slightly stunned. His eyes were filled with doubt.

As a god-emperor level abyss species, his intelligence was no weaker than that of ordinary humans.

The situation below seemed to be an internal struggle between humans!

Moreover, the dozen or so people were comparable to his strongest subordinates.

An internal struggle between humans?

"This... this... The Dragon Palace actually attacked the imperial court. This attack, Hiss!"

"Hiss, how can the dragon palace have so many terrifying experts? Peak god-king realm, all of them are peak god-king realm!"

At this moment, all the experts from various factions were gathered at this location.

They all widened their eyes, filled with shock.

From the time when the world margin sect and the experts from the Dragon Palace joined forces to attack the night clan, until now, when the Dragon King led eight peak-stage godly monarch existences, he had covered all the experts and disciples of the imperial court with a single move. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

When the experts'minds swept over, they could sense that the space had lost its vitality.

No, there were still hundreds of vitality!

However, these were the 20 million powerhouses and disciples of the imperial court!

Even if they were not the core of the imperial court, there were still more than 20 elders.

They had fallen just like that!

"Night God Emperor, it's not our dragon palace that is seeking destruction. It's your night clan. It's your imperial court that is seeking destruction!"

"During this period of time, our Dragon Palace will return all your humiliation. hahaha!"

Wang Xian raised his head and looked at the sky. His eyes were filled with coldness and coldness.

"Forefather, the two forefathers of the Dragon Palace and the World Horizon sect have killed three of our forefathers. Many spies have appeared in our night clan. They have betrayed us. Forefather, come and destroy them! Destroy them!"

Just as Wang Xian finished his sentence, an elder on the left shouted at the night emperor.

"Kekeke, sooner or later, the emperor of the night will come down to accompany you. This is the consequence of offending our Dragon Palace!"

Ba Qi laughed out loud with a sinister expression.

"All of you will die for me!"

The Emperor of the night was burning with rage. His eyes were blood-red and the sky-blue seawater around him was boiling. He waved his arm and a water dragon pillar was formed.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

But at this moment, an incomparably berserk roar came from in front of him. That incomparably huge figure directly rushed towards night God Emperor!

"Beast, get lost!"

Night God Emperor roared with a face full of fury!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When that void God Emperor Abyss seed heard his words, a fierce light shot out from his eyes, and the murderous aura on his body increased by another level.

"Hahaha, continue. Kill all the disciples of the Imperial Court's Night Race Today!"

When Wang Xian saw the night god Emperor being entangled by the void God Emperor Abyss seed, he ordered with a loud laugh.

"Dragon King, do you know what you are doing? The Wrath of our imperial court is not something that you can bear!"

Not far away, the four protectors of the imperial court were so gloomy that blood almost dripped from their faces as they roared furiously.

"Hahaha, imperial court, will you let us off even if we don't make a move today?"

"If it weren't for the fact that our Dragon Palace controls the two patriarchs of the world's end great sect, we wouldn't have known about your scheme with the night God Emperor!"

"Kill!"

Wang Xian's cold gaze locked onto the four protectors of the imperial court. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

Ao qitian, Ao Qi, and the rest roared furiously beside him. They charged over directly.

"All the powerhouses and disciples from all the factions listen up. The imperial court will issue a kill order. All the factions will attack the people from the Dragon Palace!"

"All the factions will attack. After this battle, our imperial court will reward you according to your merits!"

A protector of the imperial court saw Wang Xian and the rest charging over. His heart sank and he immediately announced loudly.

"Anyone who is an enemy of the Dragon Palace will die!"

However, when he finished speaking, Wang Xian also issued a warning!