Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2773: When the Celestial Emperor is injured, the world will be shocked

"This, this, this..."

"Hiss, the imperial court has issued an order. What should we do? What should we do?"

"How many peak immortal king level powerhouses are there in the Dragon Palace? At least a dozen of them. Should we deal with the Dragon Palace?"

When everyone heard the Order of the imperial court's guardian and Wang Xian's words, their expressions changed drastically.

Help the imperial court to attack the Dragon Palace?

However, when they saw the large number of corpses in the void, their hearts trembled violently.

There were actually more than ten peak immortal king level existences in the Dragon Palace. If the Dragon Palace were to take revenge on them...

"I order all the forces to attack the Dragon Palace immediately. Anyone who disobeys this order will be killed by me personally!"

However at this time, a voice filled with rage resounded from above.

Night God Emperor's expression was extremely ugly as he blocked the attacks from the god Emperor level abyss seed before him. He was extremely frustrated.

The Dragon Palace Dragon King had to die, he had to die!

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In front, the god Emperor Abyss seed that he was fighting heard his words. His three eyes filled with flames roared downwards as he gave out orders!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

At this time, the group of Pinnacle Undying God Emperor Abyss seeds heard him, they all roared in response and ordered their underlings!

"Howl Howl Howl!"

In the next moment, all the abyss seeds retreated backwards.

They wanted to avoid this battle!

They wanted to watch the humans fight amongst themselves!

"The abyssal race has retreated. They are retreating!"

At this moment, everyone was slightly shocked when they saw the abyssal race retreat.

However, this was a good thing for the night race's guardians.

However, it was also a good thing for the Dragon Palace!

"All forces, attack immediately. Attack and destroy the Dragon Palace!"

The four court guardians roared loudly.

The expressions of all the forces changed drastically when they heard this voice!

"All disciples of the Heavenly Demon Grand Church, prepare to help the imperial court, the night clan, and fight against the Dragon Palace!"

The forefather of the heavenly demon Grand Church hesitated for a moment and immediately roared loudly.

The imperial court had already given the order, and the Night Emperor had also given the order.

Once they didn't attack, the night Emperor's imperial court might even destroy them afterwards.

Even if the dragon palace was stronger than everyone expected, they wouldn't be destroyed as long as they were careful.

"Deal with the Dragon Palace!"

"We're on the side of the imperial court and the night race. We're traitors that attack humans!"

The other forces on the night Cold Island immediately responded.

The expressions of the Demon Island's nine heavens breaking moon and the night God Emperor kept changing when they heard the imperial court and the night God Emperor's orders!

The leaders of the Beichuan sect, the Dragon Python group, and the ancient God dynasty were even paler.

The threat from the Emperor of the night was too great!

"Hahaha, all those who are enemies with the Dragon Palace, kill them!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, his face was still filled with laughter.

"TSK TSK, it's time to start a massacre!"

As the abyssal races retreated, he didn't need to activate the Heaven Formation to stop them. His eyes were filled with fighting spirit and awe.

It was very old, and there wasn't such a carefree battle anymore!

He rode the Dragon Peak and immediately attacked the four protectors of the imperial court.

"Anyone who dares to offend the Dragon Palace will die!"

"Anyone who dares to offend the Dragon Palace will die!"

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, a voice filled with killing intent came from the outside of the abyss.

The simultaneous roars of at least hundreds of thousands of people caused everyone to be slightly shocked!

A ferocious and violent killing intent charged over!

All the factions and hundreds of millions of people immediately looked behind them.

"This is!"

"Oh my God, this is..."

Shocked and incoherent voices sounded. Everyone widened their eyes and slightly opened their mouths!

Even the Nine Heavens Great Sect, heaven severing great sect, and last month's great sect were also dumbstruck.

From the position outside the Abyss, a group of about 200,000 figures rushed over.

There were surging heavenly lightning, earth fire, Dragon, and Phoenix Seeds!

There were imperial dragon seeds that were emitting earthen yellow light!

There were berserk dragon seeds that were wrapped in incomparably violent blood-red energy!

There were all of them holding sharp swords, seemingly emotionless dragon guards!

A total of 200,000 members, their powerful auras all exploded out.

They lined up, not one of them weaker than an undying emperor level 1.

200,000 Dragon Palace Emperor members charged over.

"All of them are undying emperors, all of them, is this the entire strength of the Dragon Palace?"

"This... This time, only 300,000 warriors from all of our forces have arrived, including the 70,000 from the Dragon Palace, and now..."

All of the forces looked at the rushing warriors from the Dragon Palace and felt their scalps go numb.

This meant that the Dragon Palace had close to 300,000 undying emperors!

This damn thing was terrifying!

Rumble

All the Warriors and disciples of the Sky Demon sect gulped as they stared blankly at the warriors of the Dragon Palace rushing over.

The Dragon Palace already had a huge advantage, now with 200,000 of them, how could they fight?

"F * ck, without the Dragon Palace, we don't know if the Dragon Python organization is still around. If we don't kill them now, they will destroy us. F * ck, we are not ungrateful people. Brothers, kill the imperial court and the Night Clan!"

"There is not a single coward in the Dragon Python Group!"

The leaders of the Dragon Python group looked at each other, gritted their teeth, and roared loudly.

In this situation, they could either fight the dragon palace or be destroyed by the night emperor.

However, the Dragon Python group was not the kind of people who would repay kindness with enmity! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Moreover, the Dragon Palace was so powerful now. If the Dragon King launched a war against the imperial court and the night clan, there might be a backup plan.

Then let's go all out and trust the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

"All the disciples of the Beichuan sect, the Night Emperor killed our vice sect leader. The imperial court doesn't care at all. We'll follow the Dragon King in this battle!"

The Beichuan sect leader raised his head and roared with a red face.

"F * ck, all the disciples of the great religion fought with the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace last month!"

"The ancient God dynasty fought for the Dragon Palace and our former comrades on the northern front!"

At this moment, the leader of the Ancient God dynasty roared.

At this moment, they had a 90% chance of being killed by the Dragon Palace. After being killed, they had to bear the name of being ungrateful. Why not fight for the Dragon Palace!

Even if they died in battle, they had a clear conscience!

A clear conscience! Let's fight!

When they roared, they felt extremely happy!

"The Battle of the Abyss concerns the survival of the human race. The nine clouds sect can take action, but the civil war between the human race, the imperial court, the night clan, and the Dragon Palace has nothing to do with us. We don't want to be involved in it, and we won't be the dogs of other forces!"

"All the powerful disciples of the nine clouds sect, retreat to the outside of the Abyss immediately!"

The patriarchs of the nine clouds sect were surprised that one last month's great sect and four decent forces were fighting for the Dragon Palace.

They looked at each other and shouted with a solemn face!

They would not participate in this war!