Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2774: When the divine emperor died, the world was shocked

"The Battle of the Abyss concerns the survival of the human race. Our heaven-severing great sect can take action, but the civil war between the humans, the war between the imperial court, the night clan, and the Dragon Palace has nothing to do with us. We don't want to be involved!"

"All Disciples of the heaven-severing great sect, retreat to the outside of the Abyss immediately!"

When the Patriarch of the Nine Heavens Great sect announced that he would not participate in this battle, the heaven-severing great sect did not hesitate at all. They almost repeated the words of the patriarch of the Nine Heavens Great sect as they swept their gazes over all the disciples!

"Retreat!"

Voices sounded again as everyone moved and retreated out of the abyss.

With the nine firmament great sect and the heaven-severing great sect in the lead, they did not hesitate at all as all the disciples flew out of the Abyss.

"Let's go, let's go outside as well!"

"F * CK, there are 200,000 godly monarch experts flying over from the Dragon Palace now. It's courting death for us to resist here. We won't participate in this matter!"

"We will not participate either, this is the grudge between the Dragon Palace and the night clan, and the Dragon Palace has already made preparations, close to 300,000 God kings, this is the time to destroy the night clan and the imperial court!"

Around, some of the smaller powers looked extremely ugly at this scene.

At this time, they no longer cared about the imperial court's orders or the night emperor's orders.

The 270,000 god Kings and over 10 peak undying God kings of the Dragon Palace, how many of them could guarantee their survival?

Not many!

At least now that they were out, if the night Emperor Court really wanted to kill them, they could escape.

They didn't believe that with so many of them and so many powers, they couldn't escape the pursuit of the imperial court and the night clan.

At worst, they could go to other star domains.

It was better than dying now!

"This... this..."

When everyone from the heavenly demon grand sect saw that most of the factions had retreated out of the abyss, their expressions kept changing.

"Jiuxiao, Duan Tian, you actually disobeyed the god Emperor's order. If you escape this time, what awaits you will still be Death!"

The Patriarch of the Heavenly Demon Grand Sect roared with an extremely ugly expression.

Now, he was in a dilemma. He had previously said that he would listen to the Imperial Court's Night Race's orders, but now, 200,000 godly monarchs had suddenly charged out of the Dragon Palace. What the F * ck...

This was especially so when the other great sects had retreated. They had retreated!

At that moment, he had no choice but to retreat or not!

However, Jiuxiao and Duan Tian ignored the heavenly fiend great sect's Patriarch's words.

The experts of the two sects led their disciples and flew out.

Hundreds of forces, big and small, followed them!

"Members of the Dragon Palace, we will not participate in this!"

When they welcomed the 200,000 members of the Dragon Palace who were full of killing intent, Jiu Xiao Grand Sect's patriarch and the others immediately cupped their hands and walked around them.

"Today, we will only kill the enemy!"

Ao crab glanced at them and said indifferently.

"Thank you!"

The patriarchs of the nine clouds sect immediately signaled to their disciples and flew out of the Dragon Palace.

"Phew!"

"How terrifying! 200,000 godly monarchs! I felt suffocated when I approached them just now!"

"The Dragon Palace is too powerful. They must have prepared for this battle to destroy the imperial court and the Night Clan!"

"Who would have thought that this would happen? If the people in the brain knew, it would definitely shake the entire imperial star area!"

The disciples of the factions brushed past the 200,000 godly monarch experts of the Dragon Palace. They heaved a sigh of relief and discussed in horror.

"Hiss, this... this..."

At that moment, the Four Guardians of the imperial court trembled when they saw the 200,000 godly monarch experts charging at them from the front.

"How can there be so many experts in the Dragon Palace? Damn it! Everyone, escape immediately and return to the abyss. As long as we escape, we will inform great ancestor to destroy them immediately!"

"Escape!"

A guardian of the imperial court roared with an extremely ugly expression.

"Run, run, run!"

"All Disciples of the Heavenly Fiend Grand Church, run, run!"

The remaining few hundred members of the imperial court and the members of the night clan of the Heavenly Demon sect all flew out in panic.

"You want to run? None of you will be able to escape today!"

The sky array stood on the Dragon Peak. His eyes were filled with cold murderous intent!

With a move of his palm, three thorny monsters immediately materialized!

"Kill the Four Guardians of the Imperial Court First!"

Wang Xian also let out a low growl and ordered his subordinates around him.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In an instant, AO qitian, Ao Qi, AO xingmu, and the rest quickly surrounded the four guardians of the imperial court.

The three thorny monsters also attacked the four of them.

"If you want to kill us, don't even think about it. Dragon King, Dragon Palace, just wait for your punishment!"

The Four Guardians of the imperial court roared with bloodshot eyes.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

However, what greeted them was waves of terrifying attacks!

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Three thorny monsters formed by arrays attacked them, sweeping away the thorny monsters one by one.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Countless thorny monsters attacked the four of them, and the four of them immediately slashed at them with their weapons!

"Not good!"

But soon, their expressions changed drastically, and they were sent flying backward.

Their eyes were filled with fear.

In just a moment of collision, they could sense that they were absolutely no match for the three brambles!

"Die!"

At this moment, the leaders of the Dragon Palace surrounded and attacked.

A trace of fear flashed in the eyes of the Four Guardians of the imperial court.

"Run, run away now!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"As long as we run away, it will be the end of the Dragon Palace!"

They gritted their teeth and roared!

"Hehe!"

However, what greeted them was the violent attacks of the members of the Dragon Palace.

"Hehehe, you trash of the Night Clan, you still want to run away? Brothers, surround and attack them!"

On the side, the eight-headed demon duo was wreaking havoc on the night clan's side.

The night clan had tens of millions of people, but now, not even half of them were left after being killed by the eight-limbed demon fiend duo.

At this moment, they desperately wanted to escape out of the abyss.

When the eight-limbed demon fiend duo saw this, their faces were filled with ridicule.

"Ao crab, stop them! Don't leave a single one alive!"

The eight-limbed Demon Fiend roared loudly at Ao crab, who was leading 200,000 godly monarch members.

"Don't worry. None of them can escape today. None of those guys who want to deal with us can escape!"

"Kill them!"

Ao crab and the others had already blocked the escape route of the night race members.

The power emitted by the 200,000 godly monarchs was extremely terrifying.

All the members of the night race had fear and despair on their faces.

If they wanted to escape the abyss, they had to break through the defense of the 200,000 experts of the Dragon Palace.

The chances of breaking through were too small!

"All the experts of the Heavenly Demon Grand Sect, follow me!"

The Heavenly Demon Grand Sect's patriarch roared with blood-red eyes. He gritted his teeth and led the experts of the heavenly demon grand sect forward.

They wanted to break through the encirclement.

The Heavenly Demon Grand Sect's patriarch never expected that his decision would put them in a desperate situation.