Chapter 2775: When a god Emperor dies, the world will be shocked 4

"Hehe, isn't he just a peak undying god King? Brothers, let's stop him!"

When Ao he saw the Sky Demon sect patriarch charging at them, his expression was cold.

He roared and charged over.

"Rumble!"

Beside him, over a dozen undying god King Level 9 warriors followed. Terrifying energies shot towards the Sky Demon sect patriarch.

"Get lost!"

The Sky Demon Sect Patriarch saw the group of Undying King Level 9 warriors charging towards him, his expression extremely ugly. He raised his hands and a bolt of lightning shot forward.

He wanted to open a path of life and death!

"Hahaha, block it!"

Ao he roared, over a dozen of them attacked at the same time, destroying the terrifying lightning!

"What!"

The Sky Demon sect forefather's expression changed.

"Our Dragon Palace has sent out almost all of our forces, if we can still let you escape, then we can kill ourselves!"

At this time, behind the Sky Demon sect and the night clan, there were over 40,000 archers, all of them tree like Starwood Dragons.

They flew out from Dragon Mountain, their eyes filled with coldness.

"Fire!"

An undying level 9 arrow dragon roared, hundreds of thousands of arrows shot forward.

"Not good, forefather, open a path, the Warriors from the Dragon Palace are coming!"

"Forefather, hurry, we're about to be surrounded!"

"Wu Wu Wu, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, why did forefather choose to help the night race fight against the Dragon Palace, why!"

When the members of Dragon Peak flew out from behind and chased after them, all the disciples of the Heavenly Demon sect and the other forces had collapsed.

There were a total of 270,000 undying godly monarch warriors.

And they only had about 30,000 undying godly monarch warriors, the difference was too huge!

Especially when they saw the heavenly demon sect patriarch being tied down, many people had collapsed.

How could they escape when the Heavenly Fiend Grand Sect's patriarch, who was at the peak of the godly monarch realm, was entangled?

They were in despair. The members of the night race were similarly in despair!

"How can this be? How can this be? I don't want to Die! I don't want to Die!"

In the middle of the night race's group, Young Emperor Ye stood there as he growled in a low voice with an extremely pale face.

He looked around in disbelief.

Not long ago, he was still the young master of the night clan, the high and mighty young master, the leader of the great cult, and the Patriarch. They had to be polite to him when they saw him.

Even the guardian of the Imperial Court had betrothed the Empress of the imperial court to him.

But now, his father was dead, and so was his grandfather.

There was a high possibility that he would be killed next.

This Dragon Palace... This Dragon Palace...

"Ah!"

At that moment, a scream came from beside him.

He widened his eyes, filled with shock.

Fresh blood splattered on his face. At the side, an arrow pierced through the head of one of the night race's godly monarch experts.

Terrifying, shocking!

"I don't want to die, I don't want to Die!"

He shook his head crazily and looked up. "Patriarch, save me, save me!"

He shouted desperately as his expression was on the verge of collapse. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

However, the night God Emperor could not care about them at all from the position in the sky.

The night God Emperor, who was being violently attacked by that God emperor-level abyssal seed, could only continue to defend and did not dare to be distracted.

"Weng!"

At this moment, young emperor ye sensed a terrifying might attacking him.

He widened his eyes, which were filled with despair!

"Jie Jie Jie, look who this is? Young Master of the Ye clan, Jie Jie Jie!"

A sinister voice entered his mind, and young emperor Ye felt his body being grabbed by a large hand.

"Don't kill me, don't kill me, or the patriarch won't let you off!"

His body trembled as he roared desperately.

"Hehe, a piece of trash like you still dares to be arrogant to our Dragon King. It's meaningless, die!"

Ba Qi held young Emperor Ye's body in his energy palm.

Seeing that he was so scared that he almost peed his pants, he felt bored. With a wave of his arm, he directly crushed his body!

Without any screams, a corpse floated to the side.

At this time, there was no elder of the Ye clan by his side to protect him. There were no experts of the Ye clan to help him.

Even when he was killed, the surrounding members of the Ye clan did not look over.

Because at this moment, they had no time to take care of themselves!

"Let's go and kill that old thing from the heavenly demon great sect!"

Ba Qi said to Mo Sha at the side. His body moved and he immediately rushed over.

"Hu!"

At the same time, at the exit of the Abyss, Jiuxiao Duantian and his group flew over with tens of millions of people and heaved a heavy sigh of relief.

Some people looked behind them and could only vaguely see that the experts of the dragon palace had surrounded everyone.

Until now, no one had rushed out of the abyss.

In the sky in front, the Four Guardians of the imperial court were besieged by the experts of the Dragon Palace. They didn't seem to be able to resist at all.

At this time, they couldn't help but feel very fortunate.

They were glad that they didn't make enemies with the Dragon Palace. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for them to walk out of the Abyss today!

"This dragon palace is even more terrifying than the races of the Abyss!"

Some powerhouses said in fear.

"Hahaha, Kill, Kill, kill! F * ck the imperial court! Little Ones, destroy them!"

At this moment, they suddenly heard a violent voice coming from the frontline planet of the imperial court.

Everyone stared wide eyed, immediately turning to look at the front planet of the imperial court.

"This, this is... The Dragon Palace not only attacked the imperial court and the night race in the abyss, they've also set up a trap outside!"

An old man from the Nine Heavens Great sect squinted his eyes and roared in shock.

"If I remember correctly, the imperial court still has a protector here, in this situation, that protector was killed?"

The sect leader of the Heaven Breaking sect opened his mouth and said with shock.

"No Way, how many Pinnacle Undying Emperor Warriors are there in the Dragon Palace, this is too terrifying!"

The surrounding warriors couldn't help but say.

"Look over there, that group flying in the air, there are at least 10,000 to 20,000 of them!"

Suddenly, another warrior pointed in a direction and couldn't help but exclaim.

Over there, a group of godly monarch experts was flying from one planet to another.

That group of godly monarchs numbered no less than 10,000 to 20,000!

How terrifying! How terrifying!

"Gulp!"

Everyone swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

From the beginning till now, the Dragon Palace's performance was already very close to 300,000 godly monarchs!

"Wuwu! Wuwu!"

However, suddenly, just as everyone was shocked by the battle behind them...

A special roar suddenly came from the abyss.

This roar was as special and strange as sound waves.

However, even though they were at the entrance of the abyss, they could still sense a rush of primeval aura!

"What is This!"

"Another godly monarch-level abyss seed?"