Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2776: When a divine emperor is injured, the world will be shocked

"Wu Wu!"

A voice that seemed to come from ancient times sounded like the awakening of a terrifying existence in the abyss!

It was like a special sound wave that was unique and strange...

The sudden voice instantly attracted everyone's attention!

Jiu Xiao, Duan Tian, and the other factions standing outside the Abyss widened their eyes and were filled with shock!

This voice and roar definitely came from a god-emperor level existence.

"Another void God Emperor's abyss seed has appeared in the Abyss. This... this..."

"Hiss, this is bad. We only have one void God Emperor on our side. If another god Emperor's abyss seed appears, they might attack us!"

Everyone's faces were solemn and embarrassed as they growled softly. Their gazes were fixed on the abyss in front of them!

Unfortunately, that god-emperor ranked abyss seed was too far away. They could not see any figure at all!

"The situation is already bad enough. Who would have thought that another void god-emperor abyss seed would appear!"

Some people revealed bitter expressions!

"The Imperial Court's frontline planet has been attacked by the Dragon Palace. Some fleeing imperial court disciples have spread this matter on the AI. Now, the entire AI is boiling!"

Thinking of the bad news, a middle-aged man looked at the information on the artificial intelligence and said to the patriarch in front of him.

"HMM? Make a statement immediately. The nine clouds sect can fight against the abyss species, but the nine clouds sect will not participate in the internal strife of the human race!"

The Patriarch of the nine clouds sect frowned slightly. He opened his artificial intelligence and said to the Patriarch of the nine clouds sect.

"It's the Patriarch!"

The patriarch also took out his AI and opened it. All kinds of things related to the Dragon Palace's attack on the frontline planet of the imperial court.

Countless disciples of the imperial court angrily shouted that they wanted to destroy all the people of the Dragon Palace and all the forces related to the Dragon Palace.

They wanted to let them know the consequences of attacking their imperial court planet.

There were also countless comments that were dumbfounded. A Dragon Palace dared to attack the imperial court?

Was the Dragon Palace seeking its own destruction?

Nine clouds sect master looked at the messages and shook his head slightly. At this moment, the entire imperial star field still didn't know what was happening in the Abyss!

Nine Clouds sect master immediately edited a message and posted it under the name of the nine clouds sect.

"Follow the nine clouds sect and do this. We will also send one!"

The forefather of the broken heaven great religion also ordered.

"Wu Wu!"

However, at this moment, the voice from earlier sounded once again.

Everyone looked into the Abyss with solemn expressions!

"Oh no, another god Emperor ranked abyss seed is heading this way!"

At the same time, night God Emperor, who was in the sky above the abyss, heard this voice once again. His expression instantly turned ugly.

This void God Emperor Abyss seed in front of him had already made it extremely difficult for him. Now, another one had appeared?

"Didn't the imperial court say that there is only one god Emperor Abyss seed here?"

He swept his gaze around with a gloomy expression.

He was going to escape!

Another void God Emperor Abyss seed had appeared. It was no longer something he could resist. If he was not careful, he might be heavily injured!

"I must think of a way to escape and destroy the Dragon Palace!"

He thought with a gloomy expression.

"Hou Hou!"

However, the berserk attacks of the god Emperor Abyss seed in front of him made it difficult for him to escape.

If he could escape earlier, he would have long retreated and destroyed the Dragon Palace!

"Damn it!"

He gritted his teeth. The fierce light in his eyes intensified as he prepared to risk his life!

"Hou Hou Hou!"

When the divine emperor-level abyssal creature in front of him heard the deep voice approaching, a look of surprise appeared in his eyes.

It should be the only one guarding this place. Why was there a divine emperor here?

Judging from the voice, it should be one of the two from the Giant Beast Department!

It roared and immediately conveyed a message to attack the fellow in front of it.

In its eyes, this fellow was a little weak. In a one-on-one situation, it could even suppress it. If the Giant Beast Department came again, even if it could not keep it here, it could still severely injure it!

However, its roar didn't receive any response.

"Small house, I can sense the Dragon King's aura. Over there, over there!"

And the one who made the ancient sound was the small house, kun!

Above the small house, the Earth Sun stood on top, pointing in a direction!

"Wuwu!"

The small house's enormous pupils swept over, and its gaze landed on that figure. From his body, it felt a familiar feeling.

His Big Brother's body also contained this kind of aura. It was very cordial.

He let out a low roar and sped up as he flew towards that figure.

"En?"

That void God Emperor Abyss seed saw the small house flying towards that group of humans. It felt puzzled and its body paused!

However, it did not communicate with them.

"This void God Emperor Abyss seed is going to?"

When the void God Emperor Abyss seed came to a halt, night god Emperor was slightly stunned.

"Its target is the rest. God Emperor Abyss seeds have extremely high intelligence. It knows that it will be difficult to kill me, so it will attack the rest of the Humans!"

A Ray of light suddenly appeared in front of night God Emperor!

Most of the humans in front were experts from the Dragon Palace. Furthermore, he could sense that there were 270,000 God kings from the Dragon Palace. This must be all the strength of the Dragon Palace.

If that void God Emperor ranked abyss seed rushed over, the Dragon Palace's strength would not be able to withstand it!

That God Emperor ranked abyss seed could easily slaughter everyone from the Dragon Palace!

Thinking of this, he dispelled the thought of escaping immediately. Instead, he continued to tangle with the void God Emperor ranked abyss seed in front of him!

"Your Dragon Palace is lucky. Dying in the hands of the abyss seed is painless. If you die in my hands, I will definitely make you wish you were dead!"

He thought coldly in his heart!

"Not good. That is a void God Emperor ranked abyss seed. It is flying towards us!"

"Hiss, it is really a god Emperor ranked abyss seed. What a terrifying power. We are finished!"

When the small house flew over, the disciples of the heavenly demon great sect and other factions who had been massacred saw it. Their faces revealed a look of despair.

It was difficult for them to fight against the situation before them, and now, such an existence had appeared?

"Hahaha, the divine emperor level abyssal seed has flown over. It's here to kill us. Not only do we have to die, but everyone in the Dragon Palace also has to die. hahaha!"

Suddenly, a slightly crazy voice sounded. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

His words caused all the disciples of the night clan and other factions of the heavenly demon great sect to be slightly stunned. Their tightly locked faces slowly revealed a ferocious expression.

The eyes of some experts and disciples who had a strong desire to survive shone brightly.

Perhaps, the arrival of this void God Emperor's abyss seed could bring them a glimmer of hope.

"En?"

When a few roars sounded, Wang Xian sensed that a terrifying existence might be coming.

However, this roar made him feel very familiar. He even felt a hint of familiarity.

He stopped attacking the Four Guardians of the imperial court who were already covered in wounds and looked toward the depths of the abyss.

A slightly ferocious, incomparably huge and terrifying figure flew toward him!

His speed was extremely terrifying!