Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2777: When a god Emperor loses, the world will be shocked

"Oh no, Dragon King, there is a void God emperor level abyssal seed flying over!"

When the small house flew over, Tian Cheng's gaze swept over it. He frowned slightly and immediately reminded loudly.

The other members of the Dragon Palace immediately stopped their attacks and stared at that incomparably huge abyssal seed with vigilant expressions!

"A god-emperor-level abyssal seed!"

The four protectors of the imperial court panted heavily as they looked at the god-emperor-level abyssal seed flying towards them. Their expressions changed slightly.

"Hahaha, this god-emperor-level abyssal seed is here to attack us. It wants to destroy us. Dragon King, you're all dead. You're all dead!"

However, the four protectors soon revealed an excited look in their eyes. A ferocious look appeared in their eyes.

"Use this opportunity to escape!"

At the same time, the four of them immediately transmitted their voices and growled in a low voice.

The arrival of a divine emperor-level abyssal seed was a life-giving opportunity for them.

With the appearance of such an existence, the Dragon King and the rest of the Dragon Palace had no time to attack them. They could use this opportunity to escape.

As long as they could escape, the imperial court could easily destroy the dragon palace.

Even if the strength displayed by the Dragon Palace was extremely terrifying!

Wang Xian saw the gigantic creature flying over.

Although the creature in front of him gave him a very familiar feeling, he could not let his guard down.

After all, this was the first time he had seen this creature.

"That god-emperor level abyssal seed is flying towards the direction of the Dragon King and the rest. They want to destroy the Dragon King and the rest!"

"Hahaha, retribution! Retribution! I want to see how the Dragon King and the others will escape under the terrifying existence of a god-emperor level!"

"If we die, the people of the Dragon Palace won't be able to live either. Your Dragon Palace won't be able to live either!"

A terrifying existence that seemed to be a god-emperor level abyssal seed arrived and charged towards the Dragon King and the others. This caused the members of the night clan's heavenly demon grand sect to reveal excitement and malevolence.

This was their chance to escape. This was also the chance for the Dragon Palace to be destroyed!

"The Dragon Palace and the others might be in trouble!"

"This battle is almost perfect. It's a pity that the Dragon Palace and the others did not expect the appearance of the void God Emperor ranked abyss seed!"

At the entrance of the Abyss, Jiu Xiao and the others looked towards the abyss. When they saw this scene, some experts said softly.

The appearance of a god-emperor-level abyss seed was a disaster for everyone. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

It was even more of a disaster for the Dragon Palace.

"Wu Wu!"

A roar sounded again. At this moment, even the 200,000-plus people from the Dragon Palace, Ao Xie, and the others, stopped their attacks.

Once the god-emperor-level abyss seed attacked them, they would immediately rush over to help the Dragon King and the others.

Or, they could just wait for the Dragon King's order and teleport away.

The eyes of the night clan and the heavenly demon sect were filled with excitement and malevolence as they stared at it with burning eyes.

Wang Xian had a vigilant look on his face. Ao qitian formation and the rest were also on high alert.

The god-emperor level abyssal seed was getting closer and closer.

With their strength, there was no need for them to run away because its speed was too fast.

"There's a person on that divine emperor abyss seed!"

Suddenly, Mu Zesen stared at the huge object and saw a figure on it. His face revealed a shocked expression.

"Oh?"

His words caused everyone to be slightly shocked!

"There really is a figure!"

When everyone looked over, their eyes widened, filled with shock.

"Woo Woo!"

At this moment, the gigantic object had already arrived in front of them, more than 10,000 kilometers away.

Its figure suddenly stopped and its gigantic eyes stared straight ahead!

For experts like them, a distance of more than 10,000 kilometers was about the same as a dozen meters for an ordinary person!

"This figure!"

Wang Xian stared at the figure on the gigantic object and narrowed his eyes slightly.

He was very familiar with it!

The son of the Earth Dragon, the son of the Earth Sun!

At this moment, the son of the Earth Sun was standing on top of the small house. He was also looking at Wang Xian.

"There is actually someone on top of this god-emperor level abyss seed. Who is he? Could it be that this is not an abyss seed but a powerful god-emperor demonic beast?"

When the four protectors of the imperial court saw that the small house had suddenly stopped and that there was actually someone on top, they were slightly shocked and astonished.

"May I ask who this lord is? We are the protectors of the imperial court!"

One of the protectors hesitated for a moment before bowing respectfully and asking.

The name of the imperial court had a very high status in the entire resplendent star.

If it was a powerful divine emperor from another star domain, he would also give them some face!

Behind them, the Dragon Palace, the night clan, the Heavenly Devil Grand Sect, and the other factions were also breathing rapidly as they stared ahead!

"Dragon King, I am the son of the Earth Dragon. The son of the Earth Dragon, your biological son!"

However, at this moment, the son of the Earth Dragon on the small house didn't pay any attention to the protector of the imperial court. He moved and flew directly toward Wang Xian. He shouted loudly with an exaggerated expression.

"Huh?"

His words stunned Wang Xian.

At the same time, it also made everyone around widen their eyes. Their faces were filled with disbelief.

"Dragon King Father, Master Lan Qingyue asked me to bring the small house to look for you. I have finally found you. I am the son of the Earth Dragon, but I am your biological son!"

While Wang Xian was in a daze, the son of the Earth Dragon had already arrived beside Wang Xian. He knelt in front of Wang Xian and shouted excitedly.

His expression was extremely exaggerated.

Wang Xian looked at the son of the Earth Dragon in front of him and pursed his lips. However, very soon, his eyes sparkled.

"Did Qing Yue send you to look for me?"

Wang Xian stared at him and asked immediately.

"Yes, yes, yes, Dragon King. It was master who sent me to look for you. This is the small house, Xiao Lan's younger brother and master's second Kun!"

The son of Heaven replied quickly.

"Woo Woo!"

When he finished speaking, the small house in front let out a low roar and flew over slowly.

With the intelligence of the small house, he knew that the person in front of him would be his other master in the future.

The small house swayed its huge body and came before Wang Xian. Its head rubbed against him slightly!

"It's good that you're fine. It's good that you're fine. You're from the small house, right? Not Bad, not bad!"

Wang Xian stroked the head of the small house and said with a smile on his face.

"Woo Woo!"

The small house let out an obedient growl. Its head moved slightly and came to the position below Wang Xian. It lifted its head and allowed Wang Xian to stand on it.

"This... this..."

"How is this possible? What is this situation? What is this situation?"

When Wang Xian was standing on top of the small house, the four protectors of the imperial court who were not far away widened their eyes and recovered from their shock. They could not help but retreat backward as they cried out in disbelief.

What was going on? What was going on?

A terrifying celestial emperor-level behemoth flew over from the Abyss. It was actually the Dragon King's Man!

Look at that celestial emperor-level existence. He totally treated the Dragon King as his master!

And that human who was at the peak of the celestial emperor-level. How could he address the Dragon King as his father?

And he even said that he was his own son?

This... this... The Dragon Palace has an emperor-level existence?