Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2778: When the divine emperor was destroyed, the world was shocked

Collapse!

Shock!

Unbelievable!

Unbelievable!

A huge creature that flew out of the abyss. They thought it would be their chance to escape.

They thought that this was a divine emperor level abyss seed that would cause the dragon palace to suffer heavy losses and even destroy the Dragon Palace!

They thought it was a chance to survive!

However, they never expected that such an existence was actually a subordinate of the Dragon King, a subordinate of the Dragon Palace!

They only felt their vision turn black as they felt an incomparable despair!

The Dragon Palace actually had a void god-emperor existence. Then everything would be different!

This was a god-emperor!

"How could this be? How is this possible? That god-emperor level existence is a subordinate of the Dragon King. How is this possible! ?"

"No, no, no, no, this can't be. This can't be. I don't want to die. I don't want to Die!"

"Divine emperor, that divine emperor is the Dragon King's subordinate. What did I see? What did I see? !"

The Four Guardians of the imperial court weren't the only ones who had collapsed. Behind them, the members of the night clan's heavenly demon Grand Sect, whose eyes were burning with fervor and whose faces were grim, had also completely collapsed!

They had also thought that this was a chance for them. That divine emperor-level creature would attack the Dragon Palace and the others.

In the end, that divine emperor-level creature was the Dragon King's subordinate.

This...

Their chance of survival had been completely destroyed. Now, they were even 100% sure that they were all going to die!

The chance of survival was already less than 1/100,000,000,000!

There were even some people who stood there with lifeless eyes, waiting to be killed in despair!

They had lost, completely lost!

It was over, completely lost!

"Hiss, unbelievable, unbelievable!"

"We are fortunate, we are fortunate that we did not become enemies with the Dragon Palace. void God Emperor, the Dragon Palace also has void God Emperor!"

"Who would have thought that such a situation would happen? We are really lucky. If we were inside, we would definitely be destroyed by the Dragon Palace. Even if the Dragon Palace's strength is not as strong as the imperial court, the imperial court would have to consider if they wanted to touch the Dragon Palace!"

Everyone from the Nine Heavens faction at the entrance of the abyss trembled slightly when they saw this scene.

They were shocked and terrified!

At the same time, they rejoiced in their hearts. A choice had allowed them to escape.

Everyone felt as if they had just walked past the Grim Reaper.

"Hahaha, the Dragon Palace is invincible, and the Dragon King is Mighty!"

At this moment, the only ones who were excited were the four factions from last month, the Beichuan sect, the Dragon Python group, and the Ancient God dynasty.

The Dragon Palace had a divine emperor level existence, so they knew what this meant.

This meant that after today's battle ended, the imperial court would have to consider carefully if they wanted to destroy them.

They were determined to risk their lives, and now they had an 80% chance of surviving.

They would survive even better than before.

Dragon King, they understood that as long as the Dragon Palace was here in the future, they would not be in too much danger.

Excited, excited!

This time, their choice was the most correct!

"The Dragon Palace is invincible, the Dragon King is invincible!"

Tens of millions of disciples from the four forces shouted excitedly, their voices reverberating throughout the entire abyss.

"Hiss, this... this..."

There was another one who was still in a Daze!

Night God Emperor!

He originally wanted to see that God Emperor level existence destroy the Dragon Palace and then think of a way to leave this place, but the result was this situation.

The Dragon Palace's strength was much, much stronger than their night clan's!

This made his expression extremely gloomy, and his heart beat violently.

"Roar!"

He let out an incomparably sullen roar to vent his anger. His blood-red eyes emitted a luster, and the void God kingdom behind him flourished with blue light.

He was going to escape this place!

After he became a god-emperor, even the imperial court's god-emperor personally congratulated him. The imperial court's guardian even respectfully bowed and addressed him as Lord Night God-emperor.

Whoever he wanted to kill would have to die. The imperial court would not restrict him.

However, he was actually trying to escape in a pathetic manner. He felt aggrieved.

When Wang Xian heard the extremely aggrieved voice in the sky, he swept his gaze over.

His gaze landed on the Four Guardians of the imperial court in front of him.

At this moment, the four of them were in a daze. There was no longer any fighting spirit in them.

They looked at Wang Xian in a daze. Their bodies were filled with disappointment!

"Little House, destroy them!"

Wang Xian spoke to the little house beneath him!

"Wu Wu!"

The little house nodded immediately. With a wave of his arm, the tail on his back swept over.

"Hehehe, hehehe!"

The four of them did not resist the attack of the little house!

Facing the attack of the void God realm, they, who were already severely injured, had already lost their ability to resist!

The Dragon Palace had a god Emperor level existence. Whether the imperial court would be able to take revenge for them in the future, they did not dare to be sure!

"Peng Peng Peng!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The tail swept past, and the four imperial court protectors died instantly.

They did not roar or say anything vicious!

Because the current Dragon Palace was no longer threatened by them!

"The four imperial court protectors have fallen!"

When everyone at the back saw this, their bodies trembled.

"Dragon King, the emperor of the night above..."

At this moment, Tian Cheng suddenly looked at Wang Xian. He narrowed his eyes slightly and said to him.

"Huh?"

Wang Xian was stunned as he looked at Tian Cheng.

"Dragon King, according to my observation, the Emperor of the night is not very strong. With the person under you and US, there is a 50% chance of him staying here!"

"If that God emperor level abyssal seed can be brought together, there is an 80% chance."

Tian Chen's eyes flickered as he spoke. He made a hand gesture to slit his throat with a sinister expression.

HMM?"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up. It was filled with coldness and killing intent!

His gaze was fixed on the battlefield where the night God Emperor and the rest were at. He patted the small house gently.

"Small house, can you communicate with that god-level abyssal seed and fight against the night God Emperor Together?"

He squinted his eyes slightly and asked the small house.

"Woo Woo!"

The small house nodded and a message was transmitted into Wang Xian's mind.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly when he received this message. According to what the small house said, that god-level abyssal seed was considered a friend!

"Tell it immediately that we will fight against that human god-level abyss seed together with it!"

His eyes revealed a burning look as he shouted immediately.

"Woo Woo! Woo Woo!"

Xiao Zhai shouted twice at the Void god-level Abyss Seed.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

The Void god-level Abyss seed responded immediately. Its gaze swept across Wang Xian and the rest with some doubts.

However, it also knew that the owner of Xiao Zhai and the rest was a human. Hence, it was not too surprised by this.

"Woo Woo!"

The small house immediately sent a message to Wang Xian.

The god-level abyssal seed had agreed!

"Hahaha!"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the small house, he could not help but laugh out loud.

"Sky Formation, all members of the Dragon Palace, let's kill the god-level overlord today!"

"I want the probability of killing him to reach 100% !"

He immediately ordered the leaders of the sky array.

"Hahaha, good, good. Dragon King, let's kill the god-emperor together!"

The leaders of the Dragon Palace replied loudly.