Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2779: When the divine emperor was injured, the world was shocked

"Oh? What are the Dragon Palace going to do?"

"What is this voice of theirs?"

When the leaders of the Dragon Palace roared with fighting spirit, they were shocked again.

What did they mean? The god-destroying emperor?

"Night Divine Emperor, Our Dragon Palace made a lot of preparations for today's battle, but the plan has changed a lot!"

"Originally, according to our Dragon Palace's plan, the ten peak king of the God realm experts of our Dragon Palace would fight against you alone. The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace would kill the members of the imperial court of the night clan. However, there was a pleasant surprise. The existence of the Emperor of the night clan had directly entangled them!"

"Now, we are preparing for the next plan. Emperor of the night, are you ready to die?"

Wang Xian looked at the Emperor of the night. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he asked indifferently.

"This... This Dragon King and the rest want to destroy the emperor of the Night!"

"Hiss, how is this possible? How can an emperor of the night be killed so easily!"

"Have the Dragon King and the rest of the Dragon Palace gone crazy? Do they want to destroy the Emperor of the night?"

Everyone behind them widened their eyes and were filled with shock!

Today, the Dragon Palace had given them too much shock!

"Hahaha, Dragon King, I don't know if you are really inflated. You actually want to kill me. Wishful thinking, Daydreaming!"

"I, Emperor Night, will repay this void of Yongchang tenfold!"

When the Emperor night heard Wang Xian's words, his face instantly turned extremely gloomy.

He roared with an incomparably ferocious expression!

As a mighty divine emperor, even if the Dragon Palace had an existence at the level of a divine emperor, even if this was the combination of the divine emperor abyss seed and the Divine Emperor from the Dragon Palace, he had the confidence to escape from this place!

As for the ten peak-stage godly monarchs from the Dragon Palace wanting to fight against him, it was simply impossible.

After he advanced to the level of a divine emperor, he knew that the level of a divine emperor and a godly monarch were two different levels.

Even a peak-stage god-king expert would find it hard to resist a god-emperor who had just become a god-emperor without 20-30 combined attacks.

Even if there were 20-30 combined attacks, the god-emperor would still be able to destroy all of them after a long time.

After that, the Dragon Palace's god-emperor would attack at most. As for the Dragon King and the others, they would not be able to come close at all.

The terrifying aftershocks would be able to heavily injure or even kill them!

This was the strength and terror of a divine emperor!

"Hahaha, Alright, Alright. Today, our Dragon Palace will knock you, the night divine emperor, off your pedestal!"

"Leader of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

Wang Xian laughed maniacally as well and roared loudly.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

While Wang Xian and the rest were talking, the Heaven Array had already arrived at the Dragon Peak.

The entire dragon peak emitted a bright green glow. The three thorny monsters returned to the Dragon Peak.

Soon, thorns came out one by one and formed a thorny monster.

However, this time, all the thorns were used to form a thorny monster.

This thorny monster was 10,000 meters tall and each thorn was 10 meters in diameter. It was full of thorns!

There were holes on the head, arms, chest, legs, and tail of the thorny monster.

"Everyone, get ready. We, the Dragon Palace, are going to kill the Emperor Today!"

The Heaven Formation's blood was boiling at this moment. He moved his body and flew toward the hole on the thorny monster's head!

"The Emperor!"

Wang Xian let out a soft roar. He moved his body and flew toward the thorny monster as well. He landed on its chest!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Emperor Slayer!"

Ao Qitian and the rest let out a loud roar and flew towards the holes on the thorny monster's chest.

This action was similar to when the heaven formation was used to capture a dragon weapon alive.

However, the difference this time was that the entire formation had condensed into a thorny monster. A total of ten peak-stage king god-level existences including Wang Xian and Ao Qitian had entered the body of the thorny monster.

"Hehehe, we have to participate in the slaughter of the Emperor Too!"

At this time, Ba Qi and Mo Sha flew over quickly.

When the sky array saw this, it smiled and opened two more holes!

"Weng Weng Weng!"

Soon, the 12 peak undying godly monarch experts of the Dragon Palace all entered the body of the thorny monster.

"Energy circulation, I'll let the Dragon King experience the powerful formation created by my sky array today!"

The Heaven Formation was located at the head. Its eyes were filled with excitement and fanaticism.

This was the formation that he created after he became a dragon wizard. It was also the formation that he was most proud of.

He, a Dragon Wizard, possessed nine attributes. Although each attribute was ordinary, he was able to convert them quickly.

The energy of Wang Xian and the rest was released directly into the body of the Heaven Formation. The Heaven Formation was transformed through the special constitution of his nine attributes. It turned into the most terrifying attack power!

"Activate!"

The Heaven Array roared loudly. Wang Xian and the rest also released their energy immediately! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Boom

In the next moment, the entire thorny monster seemed to have come to life. A vast and mighty aura charged forward.

This aura was not weaker than that of a celestial thearch!

"What... What is this thing? How can it have such terrifying attack power!"

"I can feel that this power is not weaker than me at all. In fact, it's even stronger than me!"

"Not good!"

When the thorny monster fully erupted, night God Emperor sensed this power and his expression instantly changed.

He widened his eyes. His pupils were filled with fear and Panic!

What was going on? They were only at the peak of the godly monarch realm. How could they erupt with such a terrifying power?

A bad premonition arose in his heart!

He had just advanced to the godly monarch realm and was the weakest among the godly monarchs. If there were three godly monarchs of the same level who were slightly stronger than him, he might really die here...

Thinking of this, he felt uneasy!

"Hahaha, Fight!"

Tian Chen roared excitedly, full of fighting spirit.

"Little House, Attack! Get that god-level abyssal seed to cooperate!"

Wang Xian roared and gave an order to little house.

"Woo Woo!"

Little House responded immediately. He moved his body and attacked the night god-level abyssal seed directly.

Flames shot out from the eyes of the other god-level abyssal seed. The Flames on its body intensified!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The thorny monster took a step forward. The sky array was its brain and controlled every move of the thorny monster. Its gigantic arms swept out directly.

Wang Xian and the rest were located within the body of the Bramble monster. They were completely used as energy.

The attack was activated instantly!

"Father Dragon King, Father Dragon King, I wish to join in as well. I, a country bumpkin, can contribute a portion of my strength!"

At the back, the country bumpkin saw the Dragon King and the rest gathered on the body of a bramble monster and erupted with the might of the void God Emperor. He was extremely shocked in his heart!

The Dragon King was indeed the Dragon King!

The Dragon Palace was indeed the Dragon Palace!

In the future, he had to hug the Dragon King's thigh tightly. This was the husband that his master had been thinking about day and night!

This was the Dragon King who had created the true dragon son of heaven!