Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2780: 2,780 emperors fell

"Hiss, the Dragon King wants to kill the emperor. The Dragon Palace wants to destroy the night God Emperor!"

"The behemoth that listened to the Dragon King has already attacked. That god emperor-level abyssal seed can communicate with the Behemoth Dragon King!"

"What is that? It's something formed by a formation. How can it have such power? It doesn't feel any weaker than the god Emperor?"

"Is... is this the true power of the Dragon Palace? From what the Dragon King said, that terrifying thorn monster is trying to resist the night God Emperor. Can that monster fight against the night God Emperor?"

"It's possible. After all, the night God Emperor has just entered the god Emperor Realm. He has participated in this war before settling down!"

"The Dragon Palace can't really kill the night God Emperor, right? The death of the god Emperor, this..."

When the people at the back saw the Dragon Palace's Dragon King and the others attacking the night God Emperor, they all widened their eyes.

How vast was this scene!

In their lifetime, who had seen the fall of the god Emperor?

If not for the Abyss War, they would not have seen the Battle of the god Emperor.

As for the fall of the god Emperor, tens of millions of years ago, there was an event that shocked the entire resplendent starry sky. It was called the Battle of the fallen Emperor by all the factions in the resplendent starry sky!

That Battle of the celestial thearch caused the seven great regions to boil with excitement!

It was a civil war that came from the Heaven Magus region. That War had erupted at the edge of the Celestial Thearch Star region.

After the battle, it formed a vast battlefield of the celestial thearch.

Tens of millions of years had passed in the celestial thearch battlefield. Ordinary godly monarchs who entered it might still be severely injured or even killed by the chaotic energy!

One could imagine how tragic that battle would be.

Although the battle ahead might not reach that level, it was still extremely terrifying.

This battle would be recorded in the annals of history no matter what.

And they were the witnesses of the great historical battle.

Everyone held their breaths and looked ahead in a daze.

"It's really a pity that I, the Earth grandson, can not participate in this battle. But it doesn't matter. Brothers of the Dragon Palace, let's watch the Dragon King and the others destroy that little rascal, hahaha!"

The Earth Sun warrior laughed and retreated.

"It's you trash who want to destroy the Dragon Palace, right? TSK TSK, now you just wait and see. After the night Emperor dies, you can commit suicide!"

After avoiding the battlefield, the Earth Sun Warrior said as he swept his gaze over everyone from the night clan's heavenly demon sect.

He came to the front of the people from the Dragon Palace in a very familiar manner.

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, the sound of terrifying energy colliding was heard, which made everyone tremble slightly. Then, they turned their eyes away from the earthen sun warrior who talked too much.

In the Abyss in front of them, green wood-type energy, sky-blue water-type energy, violent fire-type energy, and gray-type special energy instantly covered a radius of billions of kilometers.

That world was like the end of the world. The terrifying collision made it impossible for them to see the battle situation inside.

They could vaguely see a sky full of thorns flashing in that world.

Even if they couldn't see clearly, everyone stared at it with wide eyes.

Some of the braver ones even entered the Abyss and got closer to take a closer look.

"Bang!"

At this moment, a terrifying collision sound was heard. Everyone could feel the sky-blue light trembling in the distance.

"Night God Emperor was at a disadvantage just now when he was facing the flame god Emperor Abyss seed. It was very difficult for him to escape. Now that he is facing three attacks of the same level, he is definitely at a disadvantage!"

Everyone looked at the sky-blue light trembling and exclaimed in shock.

At the same time, the long and terrifying tail of the small house in the Abyss swept across the void God kingdom in the middle.

The terrifying attack caused the entire void God kingdom to tremble violently.

On the surface, many cracks appeared on a large area of buildings.

"This is bad, this is bad, this is bad! What kind of existence is this damnable creature? How can it be so huge? And how can the attacks of the Dragon Palace be so terrifying!"

At this moment, night God Emperor's face was filled with anxiety.

He had brought the void God kingdom here to increase his combat power.

The entire void God kingdom had an area of over ten million kilometers.

However, that huge creature's size was 70 to 80 kilometers, and it was extremely terrifying.

One of his attacks landed on the void God kingdom, and it could easily cause a lot of damage.

Facing such an attack, he could not defend at all.

That was because he still had to face the attacks of two other existences of the same level.

Just to defend against the experts of the Dragon Palace and the flame god Emperor abyssal seed, he was slightly injured.

Facing the attack of that Behemoth, he could only watch.

But if he continued to attack, the entire void God kingdom would be heavily injured or even collapse.

Once the void God nation collapsed, he would suffer a backlash and be heavily injured!

If this continued, he would be finished and could only wait for death!

"No, no, no, I have just become a void God emperor not too long ago. I still have a long period of time. I, night God Emperor, can not die here. Escape!"

He gritted his teeth and roared in his heart. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The void God nation and his body released a powerful light.

"Water in the sky, connecting to the sky!"

He roared and flew up into the sky like a stream of water.

His body turned into a line, forming a long line from top to bottom.

Within this line, his speed was abnormally terrifying!

"Hehe, is it possible to escape?"

Seeing the sky array form a line connecting to the sky, night God Emperor wanted to abandon his void God country and escape. His eyes shone with a dense light.

At his peak, he was dozens of times stronger than night God Emperor. That Battle of the fallen emperor shook the entire resplendent starry sky.

His experience was not something that peak god King experts could compare to, nor could ordinary God emperors compare to.

Under such a state, he could erupt with the full might of a god Emperor.

"Sou Sou Sou Sou!"

Water connecting to the sky and thorns also connected to the sky in an instant. Each thorn twined around and directly cut off the sky!

"Damn, what a fast reaction!"

Night God Emperor saw that the water line above him was stopped. Furthermore, the thorns entered the water line and attacked him like venomous snakes.

This made his heart sink.

This escape move of his did not even manage to react to the flame god Emperor Void Seed!

However, it was blocked by a fellow formed by an array formation!

How could they be so strong?

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The moment night God Emperor was stopped, an incomparably huge flaming claw attacked him directly.

"Water fills the sky!"

His expression was extremely gloomy as he immediately roared.

"Hua La!"

The surrounding rain instantly covered the entire space as his body entered the rain.

"Peng!"

The gigantic flame claw directly pounced on nothing.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

However, at this moment, sounds of destruction came from below.

Night God Emperor's face turned slightly pale as he looked down with his blood-red eyes.

That gigantic being continued to attack his void God Country!