Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2781: 2,781 emperors had fallen

"Roar Roar Roar!"

When the god-emperor ranked abyssal seed saw that its attack had been dodged, its face was filled with shame. It raised its head and let out a roar!

Terrifying Flames were spat out from its mouth. Each flame was a miniature version of itself. It was emitting a violent might as it attacked all the raindrops!

The Flames collided with the sky-blue rain. The entire space looked abnormally terrifying!

"All of you, Scram!" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Night God Emperor's figure was forced out as he roared at them with blood-red eyes!

"Trident!"

He roared as he extended his palm downwards!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The entire void God kingdom trembled as a sky-blue light soared into the sky.

A three-pronged blue weapon appeared in his hand.

The weapon was two meters tall and emitted a terrifying might.

"You forced me to do this. Let me tell you, even if I die today, one of you will die with me!"

Night God Emperor held the weapon in his hands with trembling hands as he roared with a malevolent expression.

This weapon was once his ancestor's strongest weapon. It was also the most precious treasure in the entire void God nation.

Similarly, it was this weapon that suppressed the entire void God nation.

Without this weapon, the defense of the Void God nation would be twice as weak!

He had just broken through to the void God Emperor Realm and could not control it perfectly. He could not differentiate between friend and foe when he controlled it. This was also the reason why he did not use it.

But now that he was forced to such an extent, he had no choice but to go all out!

"It's just a celestial thearch-level divine weapon. It has not reached level two yet!"

"You are still too weak as a celestial thearch. Even if you have this divine weapon, it can't Save Your Life!"

Tian Chen saw the divine weapon in his hand and his eyes were filled with a cold expression as he shouted sternly.

"Is that so? You Bunch of courting death from the Dragon Palace. If you want to die, you will be the first to die!"

The night God Emperor's face was filled with awe. He moved his body and dashed towards Wang Xian and the rest.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The God emperor-level abyss seed did not care about their nonsense. He flapped his huge wings and formed red flaming meteorites that smashed towards the night God Emperor.

"Buzz!"

"Clang! Clang! Clang!"

The trident divine weapon in the night god Emperor's hand trembled. Beams of light were aimed at the surroundings and broke through!

The flaming meteorites were directly destroyed by the sharp light of the Trident divine weapon!

"Roar?"

When the abyss seed of the god Emperor level saw this scene, he was slightly surprised.

The night God Emperor who was holding this trident divine weapon was obviously much stronger than before.

At least he could fight against it!

"Boom! Boom!"

The eyes of the night God Emperor were blood-red. He locked onto the position of Wang Xian on the thorny monster's chest and was filled with awe.

"Hehe!"

When the sky array saw him charging over, a contemptuous look appeared on his face.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

In the next moment, the sky was filled with thorns that attacked the night God Emperor.

Each thorn was ten meters thick and looked like a giant snake in the starry sky. It was extremely terrifying.

"Break!"

The night God Emperor gritted his teeth and raised the Trident artifact with trembling hands. A sky-blue light burst out from the trident and the sound of water flowing could be heard continuously.

"Water drops Pierce through rocks!"

He roared furiously, and some sky-blue water droplets shot into his arms and pierced through them, immediately causing a large amount of blood to gush out.

He gritted his teeth, and his eyes were filled with madness!

The three existences of the same level who were attacking him were undoubtedly the easiest to break through on the Dragon Palace's side!

As long as he could kill those experts of the Dragon Palace, he had the confidence to escape!

"Die!"

He let out a hoarse, broken sound. His trident emitted light and pierced through the thorns.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The piercing sound was endless, but soon, his expression changed.

Because it had been a second, and he did not take a step forward!

This made his expression change crazily.

One had to know that a divine emperor could do many things in a second!

"Hou Hou Hou!"

Right at this moment, the flame god Emperor Abyss seed was charging towards him!

"How is this possible? With the Trident Divine Weapon's power, how can it not break through the Thorn Monster's defense!"

His expression was extremely gloomy as he could not help but roar.

"Peng Peng Peng!"

But at this moment, the sound of destruction came from below. He placed the trident in front of him to block the attack of the flame god Emperor Abyss seed as he looked down!

At the spot below, one-third of his void God kingdom had been destroyed!

This caused his face to turn slightly pale.

If the void God Kingdom suffered too much damage, he would suffer heavy injuries as well!

"Sou Sou Sou!"

However, before he could react, the thorns suddenly lashed out at him.

"Oh no, the Dragon Palace can still launch an attack. They can even launch such a powerful attack!"

The weeping willows swept over like an attack from the ninth heaven. The Night Emperor's expression changed drastically when he felt the power of the attack.

In his opinion, the monster formed by the Dragon Palace was the weakest!

Although his attack was blocked just now, it must have consumed a lot of energy!

Now, he realized that everything was wrong!

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

One thorn after another attacked him, causing him to spit out blood and fly backward.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the god Emperor Abyss seed pounced at him, its huge mouth wanting to devour him!

The danger of death enveloped night God Emperor!

"Ah Ah Ah, divine ability, divine rain domain!"

His eyes were blood-red as he roared. The void God nation below emitted a light as drops of rain appeared within a radius of billions of kilometers.

The rain fell on his body, causing it to disappear instantly.

"A law-based divine ability?"

Wang Xian muttered when he saw this scene.

A law-based divine ability was a powerful ability of the celestial thearch. It could change the world and was extremely powerful.

In this kind of divine ability, the person who released the ability could mobilize all the energy in this area!

"It's just a dying struggle. Celestial Thearch of the night, don't even think about escaping with a single drop of Rain!"

Sky Array roared at this moment, and green leaves bloomed out of the monster's body!

These leaves were not material, and were somewhat similar to the formation that enveloped dragon star back then.

The misty leaves immediately spread out in the surroundings, completely covering the entire rain domain!

"This is impossible, this is impossible. You are clearly not God emperor level experts, how can you release laws and divine abilities? How is this possible! ?"

At this moment, a voice of disbelief came from the entire rain region.

Laws and divine abilities could be touched by peak divine kings, but it was absolutely impossible for them to be so powerful!

The scene in front of him was completely beyond his understanding!

"Hehe, because I am a magus, I am the strongest magus in this resplendent starry sky!"

Tian Chen's arrogant voice sounded.

His words were actually his own bragging. At the moment, he could only call him little wizard!

He was still far from being a wizard!