Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2782: 2,782 emperors had fallen

"Magus? Magus?"

Night God Emperor's figure appeared in the rain region. When he heard Sky Matrix's words, his expression kept changing.

"How can you be a Magus? You're farting!"

He roared in disbelief.

He knew a little about Magi. The biggest force in the Sky Magus region had become the Magus Union, and their ultimate goal was to become a magus.

However, how many people in the entire Wizard Association dared to call themselves wizards?

As he scanned his surroundings, he noticed that his rain region was completely covered by a wood elemental energy. His expression was extremely ugly.

The law divine ability, the rain region, was his biggest trump card. After casting the rain region, as long as a drop of rain escaped from here, he would be able to follow that drop of rain and escape.

But now, his rain domain was completely covered, trapping him completely!

This caused him to have a very bad premonition!

"HMPH!"

Hearing his doubt, sky array's face was filled with a cold expression. With a wave of his arm, thorny vines lashed out at night God Emperor.

"Keke Keke, we've hit the sore spot of sky array's old man. Kill him!"

The eight-pointed demon and the eight-pointed demon laughed sinisterly.

Boom! Boom! Boom

When the Sky Formation was controlling the bramble monster to attack, an extremely terrifying flame suddenly rose.

The surrounding temperature rose abruptly!

"That god-emperor level existence has also released his nomological abhijna. Night God-emperor, prepare to die! hahaha!"

Wang Xian and the rest could feel the extremely terrifying flame. Their eyes emitted a fiery glow as they roared with laughter.

"Oh no, don't tell me that I, the Emperor of the night, am about to die here. I am not resigned to this!"

The emperor of the night saw the terrifying flames rising and saw the thorns attacking him. His body trembled.

His eyes were filled with unwillingness!

He had just advanced to the level of the Emperor of the night!

"Bang Bang Bang!"

"Pu!"

At this moment, violent sounds were heard continuously from below. The emperor of the night trembled as he spat out large mouthfuls of blood.

His eyes were also filled with blood and tears!

He quickly looked down. His void God kingdom had already been destroyed by more than half.

"No!"

With his face covered in blood and tears, he shouted in despair.

A God kingdom was a god's source of energy. Once a God kingdom was destroyed, his recovery ability would be greatly weakened.

In fact, the destruction of a God kingdom would cause great damage to himself.

Following that, every time the small residence destroyed the void God country, night god Emperor's injuries would worsen.

With the god country destroyed and facing two attacks of the same level, a sense of danger of death lingered in his heart.

"Pitter-patter!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the flame god Emperor's Abyss Seed's nomological divine ability was released. The sound of flames burning raindrops could be heard.

The night God Emperor's face was covered in bloody scars, and he held the Trident divine weapon in his hands in a crazed state.

"Dragon Palace, Dragon King, even if I die today, I will take you all away!"

"I will fight you to the death!"

He roared crazily, and all the energy in his body was injected into the trident divine weapon.

The trident divine weapon emitted waves of vast water laws!

It was as if his entire body had merged into the Trident Divine Weapon, and he directly turned into a ray of blue light, attacking the thorny monster!

Today, everything was caused by the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King.

The death of the disciples of the night clan and his current situation were all caused by the Dragon Palace!

Now that he was facing the threat of death, his heart was filled with unwillingness and fury.

Everything was because of the Dragon Palace. Even if he had to die, he would destroy everyone in the Dragon Palace!

"Hehehe!"

Seeing his attack, the sky array's eyes revealed a cold murderous intent.

"This... did you hear the voice inside? Did you hear it?"

"It's the night God Emperor's roar. It's the night God Emperor. He's cornered. He's done for!"

"What's the situation inside? is the night God Emperor about to fall? Does the night God Emperor Want to die together with the Dragon King and the others?"

"Our ancestor, he... he..."

The battle in front of them continued to rumble. When the night god Emperor's roars sounded, everyone widened their eyes in shock.

The night God Emperor's voice was filled with bitterness and unwillingness. They could already imagine the situation the night God Emperor was in!

All the surviving disciples of the Night Clan had ashen expressions in their eyes.

Once their ancestor and their god Emperor died, the night clan would be completely finished. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"A god-emperor is going to die?"

At the entrance of the Abyss, the experts of the nine heavens breaking faction were trembling.

A God-emperor had died. This was the death of a god-emperor!

How many god-emperors were there in the entire imperial star field?

And now, a god-emperor was going to die!

Furthermore, the night god-emperor was a god-emperor who had just advanced!

This...

"Is the night god-emperor going to die together with the Dragon Palace's Dragon King? is the Dragon Palace's Dragon King going to die as well?"

"It's very possible. After all, the night emperor is a true God emperor. Even if they kill him, the Dragon King and the others will have to pay a price. Furthermore, the Dragon King and the others used a special method to fight against the night emperor. If the night emperor really goes all out to recruit some people, he can still do it!"

A few experts beside them were discussing.

This battle had really opened their eyes and shocked their minds.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

"Ah Ah Ah, I can't accept this. I, Night God Emperor, have just become a god Emperor, and I still have an endless lifespan and endless power. I can't accept this, I can't accept this!"

At this moment, a voice filled with despair and unwillingness suddenly resounded through the world.

Within a radius of tens of billions of kilometers, even the planets at the frontlines could hear it clearly.

Along with the screams and unwillingness, there were also booming sounds!

Hearing this sound, everyone trembled. Their eyes widened for a long time, and their eyes were slightly blood red!

At this moment, in the middle of the battlefield, there was a void God realm that had completely collapsed.

In the sky, there was a corpse floating.

The corpse was covered in flames, and tiny thorns pierced through his body.

He opened his eyes wide and lay there unwillingly.

The sky array controlled the thorn monster to fly over slowly and looked down at the Emperor of the night.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

The emperor of the night used his last bit of life force to support his body as he glared at Wang Xian.

He was about to die. Before he died, he didn't even kill a powerhouse from the Dragon Palace.

"Don't be so unreconciled. When you dared to kill my disciple, your ending was already decided. You only lost a few years of your life!"

Wang Xian stared at the night emperor and said faintly.

"You, you..."

He opened his mouth and wanted to speak, but a large amount of blood gushed out.

"Hehe, after becoming the god Emperor, you could have enjoyed yourself and led the night clan to the peak. It's a pity that you offended our Dragon Palace!"

As Wang Xian spoke slowly, he waved his arm and a claw formed from law landed on his head!

Bam

The new celestial thearch had fallen!

The Celestial Thearch had fallen!