Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2783: shook the entire world

"Hualala!"

When the night God Emperor's life force completely disappeared, Raindrops appeared out of thin air within the abyss. The raindrops fell downwards.

Within the Abyss, it was raining!

The fall of a powerful existence would usually be accompanied by a change in the world!

This was especially so for someone like the night God Emperor. The terrifying energy of his life force dissipating could affect this side of the abyss!

Perhaps night God Emperor was the god Emperor who had lived the shortest amount of time in this starry sky.

Thinking back to when he became an emperor, he was the center of attention and did not put anyone in his eyes.

The Dragon Palace, which was even stronger than the night race, was called a small Dragon Palace!

However, now, night God Emperor had fallen in the hands of the Dragon Palace.

This was something that he could never have imagined back then!

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Seeing the Emperor of the night fall and the fall of a human emperor, the Inferno Void Emperor let out an excited roar.

Its gaze swept across Wang Xian and the rest and landed on the small house.

"Woo Woo!"

The small house transmitted some information to him and flew towards Wang Xian!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled and landed directly on the head of the small house!

He waved his arm and kept the corpse of the night God Emperor. At the same time, he also kept the void God kingdom.

"It's raining, it's raining, it's... It's raining in the Abyss Too!"

"This is... This is... when the night God Emperor flew over after he became an emperor, it was accompanied by rain. The rain now gives people a feeling of sadness. This is a sign that the night God Emperor has already fallen!"

"The night God Emperor has already fallen!"

From the back, everyone gaped slightly as they watched this sudden heavy rain!

From this heavy rain that filled the sky, they had already obtained a piece of information. The God Emperor had fallen!

At this moment, the vision of everyone from the Ye clan and the heavenly demon grand sect turned black. Although they already had an answer in their hearts, the outcome was still difficult for them to accept.

Their faces were ashen, and their hearts were dead!

"The night God Emperor has already fallen. What about the Dragon King and the others?"

At the entrance of the Abyss, a group of experts from the various factions stood there, staring into the abyss.

The night God Emperor had already been confirmed to have fallen, but what about the Dragon King and the others?

Were there any experts who had been killed by the night God Emperor's counterattack before he died?

"They've appeared, they've appeared. Look, Look!"

At this moment, exclamations sounded as everyone looked towards the depths of the abyss.

A huge object slowly appeared in everyone's line of sight.

On both sides of the huge object, there were more than ten figures lined up!

They were the peak godly monarch experts of the Dragon Palace!

"That's the Dragon King!"

At this moment, everyone saw the Dragon King standing on top of the huge object, overlooking the void in front of him!

"The Dragon King is not dead, not a single powerhouse from the Dragon Palace is dead!"

"Hiss, the night God Emperor's last counterattack did not kill a single one of them!"

Seeing the gigantic creature slowly flying over, everyone was shocked.

The night God Emperor was dead, but everyone from the Dragon Palace was still alive!

Wang Xian stood on top of the small house. With his speed, he soon arrived in front of the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

In the center of the disciples of the Dragon Palace, there were also a group of powerhouses and disciples from the night clan and the heavenly demon sect. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"The Emperor of the Night Is Dead!"

Wang Xian stood on top of the small house and said five words calmly.

The Emperor of the Night is dead!

"Hahaha, the night clan is done for. We are done for!"

"PFFT!"

Wang Xian's words silenced the surrounding. Not long after, a laughter filled with despair and indifference rang out!

As soon as he finished his sentence, he held the sharp sword in his hand and committed suicide!

Their ending was already decided. Their faith had collapsed and they were at the end of their lives. They might as well commit suicide!

"Hehe, let's die together!"

One person committed suicide. Soon, another middle-aged elder closed his eyes and shouted loudly.

"Hehehe, don't be so sad. Don't be so miserable. Today is a good day. The winner takes all. Congratulations on your defeat. Die happily!"

Mo Sha looked at some people who had committed suicide and said with a face full of laughter. There was no emotion on his face!

"That's right. Today is a good day,

i can do whatever I want

Today is a good day,

open the door and welcome the Spring Breeze!"

Ba Qi opened his mouth!

"Damn, brother, why are you still singing? Hahaha, the Dragon King is invincible, the Dragon Palace is invincible!"

The country bumpkin glanced at the demonic eight qi and said speechlessly. Then, he raised his arm and shouted with his real arm!

"Invincible Dragon King, Invincible Dragon Palace!"

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace were also excited as they shouted excitedly!

Invincible Dragon King, Invincible Dragon Palace! The word "Invincible"resounded throughout the entire Abyss!

"Clean it up and tidy up the surroundings. Let's go out!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the members of the Heavenly Demon sect of the night clan and said coldly.

"Yes!"

The members of the Dragon Palace obeyed the order. There were not many members of the night clan to begin with. In less than twenty seconds, all of them had been cleaned up.

Faced with the attack of the Dragon Palace once again, they had completely lost all resistance. They could only close their eyes and wait for the arrival of death.

Just as Mo Sha had said, the winner takes all!

If the dragon palace was weak, they would be slaughtered by the Dragon Palace!

The ones who died would be the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

"Last month, the Beichuan sect, the Dragon Python group, and the Ancient God dynasty, bring your disciples back to the Demon Island and go to the vicinity of the planet of the Dragon Palace!"

"You don't have to worry. The Dragon Palace will take care of the following matters!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept past the Beichuan sect and the others from the great sect last month.

"It's the Dragon King. Thank you, Dragon King. We have always been indebted to the Dragon Palace. Now that we are taking action, we are only asking for Peace of mind!"

The sect leader from last month said excitedly.

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly.

Around them, the members of the Dragon Palace quickly cleaned up the battlefield and picked up the corpses one by one.

This time, the Dragon Palace had gained a lot.

"Dragon King, it has been taken care of!"

Soon, the entire abyss battlefield was cleaned up. Prime Minister GUI reported excitedly!

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded with a smile.

Buzz! Buzz

The Dragon Peak was activated and some members of the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division entered the Dragon Peak!

The rest of the 200,000 strong warriors of the Dragon Palace accompanied the Dragon Peak and flew out of the Abyss.

When they came, they were surrounded by enemies!

When they returned, they were invincible!

"Wu Wu!"

The small house let out a low roar and stared at the world outside the Abyss with curiosity!

"The Dragon Palace has come out!"

"The Dragon King and the others have come out!"

Outside the abyss, the disciples of Jiu Xiao and the other forces panicked when they saw the Dragon Palace flying over!

They looked at the huge object in awe and at the Dragon King on top of it!

"We are not enemies with the Dragon Palace, so the Dragon King and the others won't kill us. Let's bow to them!"

The Patriarch of the Jiuxiao sect said to all the disciples in a deep voice.

"We welcome the triumphant return of the Dragon Palace and congratulate the Dragon King!"