Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 2784: was in a state of shock

"We welcome the triumphant return of the Dragon Palace and congratulate the Dragon King!"

An earth-shattering voice sounded at the entrance of the Abyss. All the people from the Nine Heavens Great sect bowed, their eyes filled with respect.

This was respect from the bottom of their hearts!

The Dragon Palace had won the battle today!

The strength that the Dragon Palace had displayed had shocked them!

A god-emperor-level behemoth and the terrifying thorny monster of the Dragon Palace could contend against a god-emperor-level thorny monster!

Although the strength of nearly 300,000 god-king experts was much weaker than the imperial court, would the imperial court dare to fight with such a Dragon Palace?

Especially when the Battle of the Abyss broke out!

Another point was that the god-emperor-level behemoth under the Dragon King was able to communicate and ally with the god-emperor-level abyssal seed. What did this mean?

No matter what, the current Dragon Palace had already become a terrifying existence.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them and nodded his head faintly!

"Dragon King, the front line has been taken care of!"

At this moment, at the front line, poison nine flew over with more than 10,000 celestial kings from the Dragon Palace and reported excitedly.

"Very good!"

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the planets in front of him. A faint smile appeared on his face.

He patted the head of the small house and flew toward du Jiu!

Prime Minister Tian Cheng Gui and the rest also flew over immediately.

When the local sun-tzu saw this, he also followed immediately!

"Dragon King, I've taken down all the planets. I've also killed the protector of the imperial court. However, many of the powerhouses of the imperial court have escaped!"

Poison nine came in front of Wang Xian and said fervently in his heart.

He had done something big!

"Where is the teleportation array?"

Wang Xian asked!

"The teleportation array has been destroyed. It will take one to two days for the people of the imperial court to arrive here!"

Poison nine replied immediately.

"At such a distance, even the void God Emperor will need five to six hours!"

The Heaven Array at the side calculated and said!

"Five to six hours? Five to six hours? I'm afraid this place is already an abyss!"

Wang Xian muttered.

"Dragon King, we have obtained quite a number of treasures this time. There are also some corpses of Abyss seeds. We have profited greatly this time!"

Du Jiu, who was at the side, said excitedly.

Wang Xian smiled and looked at the son of the Earth Dragon beside him!

"Hehe, Father Dragon King, it's me, the son of the Earth Dragon!"

The country bumpkin walked over to Wang Xian respectfully and giggled.

"Be honest. Where are Qing Yue and the rest now? Tell me about their situation!"

Wang Xian patted him and asked.

"Yes, yes. Dragon King, you don't know. Back then, master and Master Lingxiu were being hunted down. Xiao Lan brought them to escape and happened to meet the villains!"

"We entered the energy tide and passed through a long black hole into a chaotic area. We almost died there. Fortunately, Xiao Lan and master were powerful!"

"But when we rushed out of the chaotic area, we met some disciples of the imperial court. At first, they were fine, but later, they suddenly coveted Xiao Lan and wanted to get her. Of course, master and the others didn't agree!"

"After they wanted to kill master, we killed them back. However, we didn't know the background and strength of those people at that time

"In the end, we were hunted down for several years. Fortunately, Little Blue grew quickly and escaped from the disaster time and time again

"However, because of Little Blue's rapid growth, she attracted the attention of the powerhouses of the imperial court. They wanted little blue even more. Later, we escaped to the abyssal seed after much difficulty. Halfway through, I almost died. Fortunately, master saved me

"However, my Earth God dragon true form and master Lingxiu were separated from US while we were on the run!"

"What? Lingxiu was separated from you guys?"

At this point, Wang Xian's expression changed drastically. He immediately interrupted her and asked with a murderous look in his eyes.

"Yes, Dragon King. However, don't be anxious, Dragon King. My Earth God Dragon true form will protect Master Lingxiu. Furthermore, I can sense that my true form is not dead yet. This means that Master Lingxiu will not die either!"

"I, the Earth grandson, swear on my life that as long as I, the Earth grandson, AM NOT DEAD, Master Lingxiu will be fine!"

The earth grandson raised his head and spoke with a loyal expression.

Wang Xian's expression was slightly embarrassed.

He was not too worried about Qing Yue's safety because she had inherited the ancient God's Kun feeding master's inheritance. She had Xiao Lan and had many tricks up her sleeves.

However, Sun Lingxiu did not have so many tricks up her sleeves!

Fortunately, the Dragon Palace did not sense Lingxiu's death either!

"Continue!"

Wang Xian said with a solemn face.

"It's the Dragon King. When we entered the abyss, the powerhouses of the imperial court were still chasing after us. However, the abyss was like a fish in water for Xiao Lan. Xiao Lan devoured a large number of abyss seeds and became stronger and stronger. Later on, she gained the strength of an Emperor God!"

"After little blue became a celestial emperor, we were safe. Master nurtured the Little House and later had a conflict with a celestial emperor-level abyss seed in the Abyss. After killing it, the little house also had the strength of a Celestial Emperor!"

"After that battle, we also got to know the other two celestial emperor-level abyss seeds in the abyss. We called them fire-kill and dark-black respectively!"

"Underworld-killing has always wanted to cause trouble and expand the abyss. Master and I are also filled with hatred towards the imperial court. Master Lingxiu is also unaware of the current situation. Hence, we joined forces with underworld-fire-killing!"

"However, we are mainly responsible for the border between Pingyi Island and the imperial court. The war has yet to break out completely!"

The country bumpkin's description changed as he stood respectfully beside Wang Xian.

"The imperial court!"

When Wang Xian heard his words, a cold murderous intent flashed in his eyes.

Although the local sun warrior's story was simple, Wang Xian could feel the danger in it!

He was able to force Lingxiu to separate from Qing Yue, and he was able to make an ancient god Feed Kun master escape for a few years.

They must have avoided many calamities and life-and-death crises!

"What's the current situation on Qingyue's side?"

Wang Xian asked with a gloomy face.

"Dragon King, the situation on Master's side is still alright. We have the advantage of the abyss. They don't dare to attack us!"

The country bumpkin immediately replied.

"How long does it take to reach Qingyue's side from this abyss? And how long does it take to reach from the Abyss on the Demon Island?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he continued to ask!

"With the speed of the little house, it should be about the same!"

The local sun man pondered for a moment before he spoke!

"Alright!"

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, prepare to return to the Dragon Palace!"

"Prime Minister Gui, declare war on the imperial court immediately!"

Killing intent flashed in Wang Xian's eyes as he immediately ordered the members of the Dragon Palace behind him!

"It's the Dragon King!"

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members and Prime Minister Gui replied immediately.

Prime Minister Gui immediately took out his artificial brain and revealed a cold and willful expression!

"The Dragon Palace will declare war on the imperial court until one side is destroyed!"