Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2785: shook the world

"The Dragon Palace will declare war on the imperial court until one side is destroyed!"

It was a very short announcement!

But everyone knew clearly what this line of words meant!

"All Disciples of the Dragon Palace, enter the Dragon Peak!"

At this time, the sky array controlled the Dragon Peak and said to all the members.

One by one, the members of the Dragon Palace immediately flew into the Dragon Peak!

"Dragon King, I can teleport the Dragon Peak back directly. If you want to teleport the small house over, I will need half an hour to set up the formation!"

The Sky Formation flew over and spoke to Wang Xian.

"Yes, set up the formation and bring the small house over!"

Wang Xian replied immediately!

"It's the Dragon King!"

The Sky Formation nodded.

The group of members of the Dragon Palace entered the Dragon Peak. Slowly, the entire dragon peak started to turn illusory and disappeared immediately!

"Little House, go over there and coordinate with the Heaven Formation."

Wang Xian transmitted his voice to little house!

"Woo Woo!"

Little House swayed his gigantic body and flew to the side.

The Heaven Formation immediately set up a formation next to him!

"The entire Dragon Peak has disappeared. This is a large-scale teleportation formation!"

At this moment, a group of powerhouses from various factions not far away saw this scene. They were astonished.

"That array master from the Dragon Palace is really terrifying!"

Some of the experts muttered.

One had to know that the entire dragon peak was the size of a planet, yet it was able to teleport directly. This showed how terrifying the array master from the Dragon Palace was!

"This area is about to be devoured by the abyss. Everyone, leave as soon as possible!"

At this moment, Wang Xian's voice rang out.

"Huh?"

"Is this area about to be devoured by the Abyss?"

"Hiss!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, everyone's expression changed. They looked into the Abyss!

In their line of sight, a large number of abyss seeds were flying over. Everyone's expression changed slightly.

"Look at the AI. The Dragon Palace on the AI has made a statement!"

At this moment, a shocked voice rang out. Some people immediately turned on their AI.

"The Dragon Palace will declare war on the imperial court until one side is destroyed!"

Everyone's expression changed when they saw this line of words.

They had a bad feeling that the imperial star field was going to fall into a war soon!

The imperial court, which had been standing in the imperial star field for hundreds of millions of years, had met its match!

The Dragon Palace's declaration had attracted the attention of countless people on the AI!

Not long ago, the Dragon Palace had attacked the frontline planet of the imperial court and killed the experts and disciples of the imperial court. This incident had already caused a stir in the imperial court.

The entire artificial intelligence system was full of abuse against the Dragon Palace. A lot of people commented that the Dragon Palace was courting death.

Now that the Dragon Palace had declared war on the imperial court, countless people in the artificial intelligence system laughed.

"Hahaha, this is the funniest joke in the world. This is the funniest joke I've seen since I was born. A Dragon Palace actually declared war on the imperial court until one side was destroyed. Is there anyone who wants to die like this?"

"What kind of thing made the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace lose his mind and Go Crazy? Why did he declare war on the imperial court? Don't you see that you are on the same level as the imperial court?"

"Hahaha, the Dragon Palace is really inflated. Recently, many people have said that the Dragon Palace is powerful, but now they dare to declare war on the imperial court. I guess the Dragon Palace won't live for more than three days!"

"I guess one day, one day later, a god Emperor of the imperial court will come to the Dragon Palace and destroy it with a wave of his hand!"

The Dragon Palace's message had attracted countless replies not long after it was released!

Seeing this message, everyone felt that it was ridiculous.

In the eyes of everyone in the imperial star area, the Dragon Palace and the imperial court were like ants and elephants!

They were not on the same level at all.

Even when they had just learned that the Dragon Palace had attacked the frontline planets of the imperial court, it was still ridiculous to see the declaration of war now.

The frontline was attacked by the Dragon Palace because the imperial court's experts and the night God Emperor of the Night Clan had entered the abyss to hunt down abyssal seeds.

Perhaps the imperial court's experts and the night God Emperor had directly destroyed the Dragon Palace when they arrived!

Even without the imperial court taking action, the night clan had already destroyed it!

A few days ago, the night Emperor had killed the disciple of the Dragon King, but the Dragon King didn't dare to say a word?

What a joke it was to provoke the imperial court!

He didn't even dare to be arrogant in front of the night emperor, let alone the imperial court?

"Hehe!"

The people of the nine clouds sect saw the comments below and their faces were full of ridicule.

Now, the entire imperial star field didn't know what had happened here.

"Forefather, why don't we spread the news here? I really want to see the reaction of the Imperial Star Field!"

At this moment, an expert from the nine clouds realm said with a smile.

"That's good. We've cleared our name from this battle. Let's say once again that it has nothing to do with us!"

Forefather nine clouds pondered for a moment and nodded.

After all, the matter of the Abyss battlefield was too shocking!

They could already imagine that the imperial star field would shake the whole world!

...

"Damn the Dragon Palace. How dare they provoke the imperial court? How many lives do they have to live when the experts of the imperial court and the night clan don't attack our Frontline Planet Anymore?"

"I thought that the Dragon Palace was not bad at first, but now they are courting death. They dare to provoke us. We can't let them live!" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At the same time, in front of the Abyss battlefield at the border between the Pingyi Island and the imperial court, dozens of imperial court guardians gathered in one vast palace after another.

Here, it could be said that all the peak-stage godly monarch experts of the imperial court were here.

The incomparably Old Guardian, who was holding a walking stick, roared with a face full of killing intent.

This old man was the peak-stage godly monarch guardian when the emperor and the Empress were selected. He was also the former emperor!

"Tiger, don't be angry. It's just a small dragon palace. During the Abyss War, the powerhouses of the imperial court, Night God Emperor of the night clan, and the others all entered the abyss. This allowed the Dragon Palace to succeed. After the night God Emperor and the others came out, we didn't need to do anything. We just handed them over to the night clan!"

An old man beside him said with a calm face.

"Humph, if the teleportation array hadn't been destroyed, I would have led my men to attack Pingyi before the war broke out. Little Dragon King, how Dare You Act so arrogantly?"

The old protector who was holding a walking stick snorted coldly!

"The Dragon Palace is just a little grasshopper. It's mainly because of the war here. Leave the little grasshopper to the night clan. Don't be distracted!"

Another elder said with a smile.

"No matter what, we can't contact one of our protectors. He must have been assassinated by the Dragon Palace. This crime is enough to exterminate the nine families of the Dragon Palace. After this war, issue a kill order to exterminate all the forces, planets, and people related to the Dragon Palace!"

A burly elder in the center said coldly.

"That's true. No one has dared to provoke the imperial court for hundreds of millions of years. Let the other forces in the imperial star area know the consequences of offending us!"

The surrounding elders nodded in agreement.

"Oh? No, look at the artificial intelligence!"

At this moment, an old man suddenly stood up and shouted with his eyes wide open and his body trembling!