Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2786: The strength of the 2786 Dragon Palace

"What?"

A protector of the imperial court cried out in shock, causing everyone around to stare at him in shock.

"Cough, cough, cough, how is this possible? How is this possible? !"

The old man stood there and ignored them. He stared at the AI in his hand in disbelief, and his expression kept changing!

"What's wrong, Elder Fei?"

An imperial court protector could not help but ask.

The other protectors frowned and immediately opened the AI in their hands.

"Night God Emperor has fallen!"

"The Dragon Palace has destroyed night God Emperor!"

"The Dragon Palace has an existence at the void God Emperor Level!"

The moment they opened the AI, they saw all sorts of similar titles on the information on the AI!

There was also a lot of information in his communication. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Seeing these titles, the Guardians of the imperial court were stunned. They opened their eyes wide and had a bad feeling!

"Look at the statement issued by the heaven-breaking great sect of the nine clouds great sect!"

At this moment, the old man who had just started to speak shouted in a low voice with a changing expression.

The Guardians of the imperial court immediately searched for the information of the nine clouds heaven-breaking great sect with a gloomy face. When they opened it, they saw a declaration!

"Night God Emperor has fallen. The powerhouses of the imperial court and the night clan of the night cold island have all been destroyed by the Dragon Palace. We, Jiuxiao, are not involved in this matter. We are willing to fight for the humans, but we will not participate in the internal strife of the Humans!"!

A line of words was also a line of statements!

Forces like Jiuxiao Duantian and the others were sandwiched between the Dragon Palace and the imperial court. They did not dare to make any choice at all.

Now, they could only issue a statement to express their neutrality!

However, when the imperial court's protectors saw this statement, their bodies trembled.

The two great religions, Jiuxiao and duantian, could not simply issue a statement. The statement they made meant that the information was true.

This made their protectors'expressions extremely ugly.

At the same time, their eyes were filled with shock.

Night God Emperor had actually fallen. Even though night God Emperor had just broken through to become a god Emperor, he was still a god Emperor. Now, he had actually fallen!

This...

How long had it been since a god Emperor had fallen in their imperial star field?

This caused their scalps to go numb.

And under the statements of the Nine Heavens and heaven severing sect, the number of comments could increase by more than a hundred million every second!

Everyone felt that it was unbelievable, so they were all very shocked.

A few days ago, the night God Emperor appeared out of nowhere and suppressed the entire imperial star field. How long had it been? He had actually fallen!

Moreover, did the dragon palace have the ability to destroy the night God Emperor?

How could the tiny Dragon Palace have this ability?

Countless people did not dare to believe it. However, this was the statement of the two great sects after all. Nine Heavens was also a famous existence in the imperial star field. It was impossible for him to make a joke of a god Emperor.

They didn't dare either!

This made everyone in the Emperor Star Field stunned!

Just now, countless people from the Emperor Star Field mocked the Dragon Palace for courting death, now...

It was a slap in the face!

And below the two sects, there were some comments that caught their attention.

"The Dragon Palace's strength is extremely terrifying, they have close to 300,000 undying God kings, they have a powerful array master, the array they create can fight against God Emperor Level Warriors. In terms of strength, the Dragon Palace has two god Emperor Level Warriors!"

"Close to 300,000 emperors, and that huge being flying over from the abyss, it's actually the Dragon King's underlings, Emperor level underlings. The Dragon Palace is too terrifying, the imperial court, the night clan and the heavenly demon sect were all wiped out by the Dragon Palace, not a single one left!"

"The Battle of the emperors, I've seen it with my own eyes, the night emperor has fallen, the entire Abyss is raining heavily!"

The comments were clearly from the experts and disciples of nine heavens breaking sky and the other factions.

"Activate the highest authority of the AI and connect to a Patriarch of the Nine Heavens Great sect!"

At this moment, an imperial court protector by the side growled with a gloomy face.

"Unlock the highest authority and contact a patriarch of the Nine Heavens Great sect!"

The voice of the AI sounded, and all the imperial court protectors around walked over. Their expressions were very interesting.

If the night God Emperor's death and the Dragon Palace's might were all true, the consequences would be unimaginable!

"Buzz!"

At the same time, an incomparably large group was flying majestically in the Void.

The leader was an expert from the Nine Heavens Great Sect's heaven severing great sect.

Within the Abyss, a group of abyss seeds were approaching the entrance under the guidance of the god Emperor's abyss seeds. They also knew that they could not stay here for long!

However, the artificial intelligence on the wrist of an old man at the front suddenly lit up and forced out an image.

"Oh?"

The Patriarch of the Nine Heavens Great sect was slightly shocked. His expression changed slightly as he stared at the image presented by the artificial intelligence!

"I am the guardian of the imperial court. I have something to ask you, nine heavens!"

An old man's figure was presented in the image. There were dozens of others beside the old man.

Patriarch nine clouds'expression changed slightly when he heard the voice.

He waved his arm, and everyone immediately stopped.

"Guardians of the imperial court, what do you want to ask?"

Patriarch nine clouds immediately asked respectfully.

"Tell me everything that happened in the Abyss battlefield. Don't leave out a single detail, and don't tell any lies!"

"If there are, you know the consequences!"

The imperial court's protector asked in a deep voice.

"It's all the protectors. What I'm about to say is absolutely true. I don't dare to hide anything!"

The Patriarch of the nine clouds sect said quickly.

Then, he told them everything that happened in the Abyss battlefield.

Hearing the Patriarch of the nine clouds sect's words, all the protectors of the imperial court fell silent!

After saying that, the image on the AI disappeared.

"Patriarch, something big is going to happen!"

The experts of the nine clouds great sect who were watching from the back saw the image disappear and said in slight shock.

"Something big is going to happen. I hope we won't be dragged into it!"

Patriarch nine clouds nodded slightly and said helplessly.

From the silence of the protectors, he knew how terrifying the eruption after the silence was!

"Hu hu!"

At this moment, the protectors of the imperial court were standing in the vast palace, panting heavily.

They all looked extremely embarrassed.

"Report this to the great ancestor. This is not something we can decide!"

After a few minutes of silence, one of the protectors of the imperial court said!

"Yes!"

The other guardians also nodded.

They didn't Roar or curse the Dragon Palace angrily.

Because it was completely useless.

Moreover, the strength that the Dragon Palace displayed shocked them!

It could be said that they had the combat strength of two god-emperors. This matter was not something that they could decide!

However, they knew how troublesome this matter was for their imperial court!