Chapter 2787: imperial court’s fear and fear

"Boom!"

In front of the Abyss battlefield at the border between Pingyi Island and imperial court.

In a void crack at the back of the battlefield, a temple was hidden inside.

Suddenly, the entire temple trembled. Looking in that direction from afar, one could see many void cracks appearing.

Long cracks appeared in the entire sky!

A terrifying pressure was emitted from within!

At this moment, the Divine Hall was shrouded in clouds. Three vast figures sat on three divine thrones suspended in the sky.

In front of them, dozens of imperial court guardians were standing respectfully with their bodies bowed. Their faces were somewhat pale.

The explosion just now came from the palm of a great ancestor of the imperial court angrily landing in front of the divine thrones.

This made the imperial court guardians even stop breathing!

"The night God Emperor has actually fallen. That Dragon Palace also has the combat strength of a god Emperor. If I'm not wrong, that huge creature that flew out of the Abyss is a giant beast!"

A vast figure looked at the furious old man in the center and said in a deep voice. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Yes, the night God Emperor has fallen. It's going to be dangerous. We must send someone to guard the Night Cold Island. Otherwise, the Abyss there will expand into the depths of our imperial court!"

The vast figure on the right said with a grave expression.

"That Dragon Palace is very likely to be in cahoots with that woman from the Giant Beast Department. With a battle between the Dragon Palace and a god Emperor, we are in danger!"

The vast figure in the middle suppressed his anger and growled in a low voice.

On the surface, their imperial court had three divine emperor-level experts, but they still had one in the dark.

They had originally planned to attack suddenly when they were preparing for the battlefield. In a four-on-three situation, they could completely eliminate 80% of the abyssal seeds.

But now, with the fall of the night God Emperor and the Dragon Palace's alliance with the Behemoth faction, it had become a four-on-four situation.

There was another point. They could not ignore the cold night island. At the very least, they had to send a god emperor over.

Three against four!

Under such circumstances, if they could not drag the void God Emperor into the battle, their imperial court would suffer heavy losses.

"Bring all the resources of the Dragon Palace over!"

The vast figure on the left said.

"It's great ancestor!"

A protector immediately responded. He waved his arm and displayed the information in front of the three God emperors.

"Grand ancestor, I find it unbelievable to see the development of the Dragon Palace. Their growth speed is terrifying to the extreme!"

The protector could not help but say.

From the information they got, the Dragon Palace had developed from a weak force to a force with only a few God kings in less than six years.

This was simply a fantasy!

However, the imperial court had found some information in the imperial star area, so they couldn't make any mistakes.

"The Dragon Palace is growing at the same speed as that woman. It's very fast and terrifying!"

Looking at the information about the Dragon Palace, the three God emperors narrowed their eyes and one of them said in a low voice.

When the imperial court had chased that woman, she had brought disaster to the imperial court in just a few years.

Now, the speed of the Dragon Palace's development was no slower than that woman's.

Now, the Dragon Palace and that woman clearly knew each other.

"Do you guys think that they might be some kind of powerful existence that has fallen and is cultivating again?"

The vast figure on the right frowned, feeling uneasy!

That woman and the Dragon Palace had risen too quickly, so fast that it made them feel terrified.

It made even their divine emperors feel fearful.

This kind of speed of improvement, they could only think that it was some kind of terrifying existence, the blood-drop recultivation!

Moreover, it wasn't just one expert who had the blood-drop recultivation, but many others.

This kind of enemy was very terrifying!

The old man's words made the other two vast figures hold the divine thrones tightly with both hands!

They felt uneasy!

"Then grand ancestor, what... What should we do?"

Below them, the protectors of the imperial court asked with fear in their eyes.

"It's hard to say if he's a powerful existence who recultivates by dripping blood, but it's not that easy to deal with our imperial court!"

The vast figure on the left said with a cold expression.

The protectors were slightly shocked and their expressions kept changing.

From what grand ancestor and the others said, they had no way to deal with the Dragon Palace and the current situation!

"Maintain the current situation for the time being!"

The Divine Hall was silent for a long time before the divine emperor at the center spoke, feeling a little helpless.

The situation had already gone out of control for them!

"Great ancestor, why don't we ask the Dragon Palace and the Behemoth faction... what exactly do they want to do?"

A protector of the imperial court said with a changing expression.

His words made the surrounding protectors look over, and the three vast figures also paused.

What did the Dragon Palace and the Giant Beast faction want?

This was another way of showing weakness to them and asking for peace!

"Humph, no need. They killed so many disciples of our imperial court. If our imperial court asks for peace, what face will we have?"

"If they really piss us off, what about the Giant Beast faction and the Dragon Palace?"

The vast figure in the middle shouted coldly.

"Yes, yes!"

The protector immediately nodded and replied.

"Maintain the current situation and retreat!"

The cold voice caused the protectors to quickly retreat outside.

"It's still a hidden danger. How should we deal with it next?"

The protectors retreated while the figure on the left slowly said.

"Continue to order people to check the information of the Dragon Palace. All the detailed information shouldn't be here. We're too far away from the central ten thousand races!"

The figure on the right said faintly.

"Even if it's not a terrifying existence, it's still an inheritor of a heaven-defying treasure!"

The figure on the left couldn't help but say again.

"Then what should we do? Beg for mercy?"

The figure on the left was slightly furious!

"Our imperial court has stood in the imperial star area for more than 500 million years. We're not that easy to bully. If we really go all out, we'll definitely win."

The figure in the middle suddenly stood up and disappeared.

The two figures on the left and right looked at each other, nodded slightly, and left.

They had no way to deal with the current situation.

Should they just kill the Dragon Palace?

Not to mention whether they would escape or not, once they left, the imperial court's territory would become an abyss.

Once it became an abyss, it would be the main battlefield of the abyss species, the main battlefield of the Behemoth System!

Now, they could only wait and wait for all the favorable news.

Or, they could maintain a tacit balance between the two sides.

As for seeking peace, the imperial court would never do it.

Because they were the imperial court, the king that stood tall in this area!

They had their own glory and glory.

The imperial court that stood tall for hundreds of millions of years, how could they be so easy to deal with?

But they also had a sense of urgency and crisis in their hearts, like a sword hanging from a beam!