Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2788: The spoils of the 2788 battle

"Woo Woo!"

"Dragon King!"

"Dragon King!"

At the same time, at the location of the Devil Island, Wang Xian arrived at the planet where the Dragon Palace was located through the formation and the small house.

The Majestic Dragon Peak stood at the side.

Upon seeing the arrival of the Dragon Palace, the group of dragon palaces immediately shouted respectfully.

"Let's go back to the Dragon Palace First!"

Wang Xian nodded at them and patted the head of the small house. "Let's go to the small house and see your future home!"

"Woo Woo!"

The small house nodded slightly and flew towards the Dragon Palace.

With a thought, Wang Xian entered the small house and felt the energy inside. The small house couldn't help but cheer.

"Prime Minister Gui, send someone to bring all the dragon blood in the dragon transformation pool to the small house to eat!"

He ordered Prime Minister Gui who was beside him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui replied!

"In addition, call all the leaders over and bring all the resources that we have obtained this time!"

Wang Xian said again.

"Yes!"

When they arrived at the Dragon King's Hall, the leaders of the Dragon Palace and Tian Chen walked in quickly.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

The group of people was filled with excitement as they bowed respectfully.

"HMM, tell me, what did you get from this battle?"

Wang Xian waved his hand and asked with a smile.

"Dragon King, we gained a lot from this battle. One void God country, one god Emperor Corpse, 11 peak immortal god King corpses, 65 god King Level 9 bodies, and about 140,000 god King and above corpses!"

"In addition, poison nine obtained three god King Level 9 abyss seed corpses from the front line treasury of the imperial court, and more than 10,000 god King Corpses!"

"In addition, all the resources added together should be comparable to three to four peak god King Corpses!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately said with a smile.

"Dragon King, um... can I continue to improve?"

Heaven array couldn't help but ask excitedly.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian sat there and smiled. This heaven array had contributed a lot to this battle.

Furthermore, after the heaven-battling formation was upgraded, it was not a simple upgrade. Once he upgraded, he would be able to destroy a level-one celestial thearch-level existence easily.

Given enough preparation, it was possible to destroy two or three of them. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

However, the upgrade of the Dragon Peak had already reached the upper limit. Unless there was a celestial thearch-level divine tree as the foundation, the heaven-battling formation would not be able to destroy three level-one celestial thearch-level thorny monsters!

"However, we still have some things to do. We have to make a trip into the Abyss!"

Wang Xian said to him.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The Heaven Array nodded slightly. He knew that there were still some things to be dealt with.

"We don't know how the imperial court will react to the current situation. All members, don't elevate for now. All members, get ready. Once the emperor of the imperial court arrives, escape to the Abyss immediately!"

Wang Xian continued to instruct.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest nodded.

No one knew how the imperial court would react. However, the Dragon Palace had to be prepared!

"Sun of the Heaven's formation, follow me into the Abyss Now!"

Wang Xian stood up immediately and said to him.

"Yes!"

Sun of the formation and the heaven's formation replied immediately.

"Little House!"

Wang Xian shouted and the three of them came to the front of the little house.

"Woo Woo!"

The little house stuck out its tongue. There was some excitement in its eyes. It wanted to ask for food!

"There's nothing else. I'll give it to you in the future. Bring us to your master!"

Wang Xian patted the little house and said to him.

"Woo Woo!"

The Little House replied immediately.

"Xiao Xian, we'll go with You Too!"

At this moment, a group of girls who received the news flew over and said to Wang Xian.

"Okay, let's Go!"

Wang Xian looked at them and nodded.

"I wonder how Qing Yue has been these few years. HMPH, that big scoundrel from the imperial court. We will destroy them in the future!"

"That's right. Qing Yue has been alone in the Abyss for a few years. Now, Lingxiu still doesn't know where she is!"

The group of girls said angrily and came to the top of the small house!

"Let's Go!"

"Qing Yue is fine. Lingxiu will be fine as well. She still has an Earth God dragon protecting her."

Wang Xian consoled the group of girls.

When the Earth Sun Warrior obtained the soul of the Dragon God, he had sensed that something was wrong at that time. However, he was reluctant to give up the body of the Dragon God.

Later on, when he met Qing Yue and the rest, Qing Yue and the rest could sense his body of the Dragon God.

Later on, when they were chasing after him, the local sun warrior was almost killed and his body collapsed. Qing Yue separated his body into a divine dragon body and a body similar to that of the Kun.

The body of the local divine dragon followed Ling Xiu and got separated from them.

All of this was caused by the imperial court.

The Dragon Palace would take revenge soon.

"Wu Wu!"

The small house flew out of the Dragon Palace and let out a low roar. A black hole appeared in front of it and directly drilled into it.

"Weng!"

At the next moment, they arrived at a place that was extremely far away.

The small house flew at full speed and entered the abyss very quickly.

"Wu Wu!"

The small house that entered the abyss was like a king. Its body was emitting the pressure of the void God Emperor.

Some of the Abyss species in the Abyss saw this and immediately prostrated there. They did not dare to move at all.

Some of the characteristics of the Kun were similar to those of the abyss species.

"I'll be able to see Qingyue in a few hours!"

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. His eyes were filled with anticipation.

As the saying went, 'absence makes the heart grow fonder'. They had been separated for about seven years.

They had never been apart for such a long time!

When Wang Xian and the rest were led by the small house towards Lan Qingyue's location, the Imperial Star Field was still bustling with activity.

"What's going on? A few hours have passed and there's no reaction from the imperial court?"

"This... I heard that five protectors of the imperial court were destroyed by the Dragon Palace. The rest of the disciples numbered in the tens of millions. Did the imperial court not react at all?"

"Oh Yeah, what's going on? The imperial court didn't react at all. Could it be that they're afraid of the strength of the Dragon Palace?"

"It's possible. After all, the war in the Abyss has broken out. Now that the Dragon Palace has appeared, the imperial court probably has no time to care about it!"

"I heard that the Abyss over at the Night Cold Island is currently devouring the void. The night race has also completely declined because of the Dragon Palace. Almost all the peak experts have perished!"

On the AI, countless people were discussing. They were filled with shock that the imperial court did not give any response during these few hours. At the same time, they were filled with sympathy for the night race as well as some people's ridicule.

"Our imperial court does not have to act. The Moment We Act, we will definitely destroy it. So what if there are two void God Emperor level existences in the Dragon Palace? We have been standing in this void for over 600 million years. How could a single Dragon Palace be able to resist us?"

"To resist the outside world, we have to settle down first. All of you, watch closely. Not long from now, our imperial court will definitely destroy the Dragon Palace!"

"So what if there are two void God Emperor level existences? Very soon, the Dragon Palace and the others will become stray dogs!"

However, to the disciples of the imperial court and the people within the imperial court's territory, the Imperial Court did not act. They were merely preparing.

It was fine if they did not act, but the moment they acted, they would definitely exterminate the Dragon Palace!