Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2789

The AI was filled with all kinds of comments. The imperial court's disciples firmly believed that their imperial court was invincible and that the Dragon Palace would be destroyed soon!

Many people supported these comments.

However, there were also many people who disagreed. In their opinion, although the imperial court was much stronger than the Dragon Palace and had been standing in the imperial star field for more than 600 million years, their foundation was unfathomable!

However, it was impossible to destroy the Dragon Palace. After all, the Dragon Palace had two god-emperor-level experts.

The entire imperial court only had three god-emperor-level experts on the surface. Even if they were stronger than the Dragon Palace's experts, the chances of destroying the Dragon Palace were still too small!

All kinds of arguments were going on in the AI, but the imperial court kept silent.

It was not that they did not want to explode, but they simply could not.

Especially when they found out that the dragon palace was related to the woman from the Behemoth Department, the Imperial Court could not move!

They could attack the Dragon Palace on the Demon Island, but they would also be attacked by the Behemoth Department.

It was hard to say who would suffer the greater loss.

The imperial court did not want to see such a situation.

However, five hours later, the imperial court released a message.

"The Dragon Palace and the abyss seed are on the same side. The Abyss Beasts are from the Dragon Palace!"

This news shocked the entire imperial star area! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"The Dragon Palace and the abyss seed are on the same side? This... this..."

"They are on the same side with the abyss seed? Is this true?"

"The Dragon Palace is the enemy of the human race and the entire imperial star area. Destroy the Dragon Palace and destroy them!"

"No wonder the imperial court didn't destroy the Dragon Palace. It turns out that the dragon palace and the Abyss species are in cahoots. They are the traitors of the human race and the scourge of the human race. Destroy the Dragon Palace!"

Some people didn't believe the artificial intelligence system, but the humans within the imperial court believed the imperial court's statement without a doubt.

Other than that, some people from the nine heavens breaking sect also said that an emperor God level monster flew over from the Abyss and was the subordinate of the Dragon King.

To be able to enter the Abyss and join forces with a celestial emperor-level abyssal seed, the Dragon Palace was a traitor to the human race!

For a time, more and more people on the AI were angrily shouting that they wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!

Even the experts from the nine heavens breaking great sect were slightly surprised when they saw the imperial court's statement.

The imperial court's statement might be true, but they were also clear about how many abyssal seeds the Dragon Palace had killed.

The hero list and the Faction Merit List were all led by the Dragon Palace, so why did they kill the abyssal seeds that were with them?

Or did they kill the abyssal seeds that were at the peak of the Godly monarch realm?

This was very suspicious.

Things might not be that simple.

However, although there were all kinds of suspicions, the following AI, under the intentional guidance of the imperial court, made the Dragon Palace an existence that everyone wanted to kill.

Everyone was indignant and said that they wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace!

They supported the imperial court's god-emperor to kill the human traitors.

Such shouts were very loud. After all, it was the Dragon Palace that brought them the war.

"Dragon King, we're almost there!"

Wang Xian and the rest didn't know the information on the AI.

Even if they knew, he wouldn't care. The Ai belonged to the imperial court. They could say whatever they wanted. The Dragon Palace couldn't refute them at all.

The country bumpkin stared ahead and said to Wang Xian!

"Are we almost there?"

Wang Xian stood up. His eyes were filled with anticipation as he stared ahead.

"Is that the ocean of the Abyss?"

Wang Xian stared ahead. An incomparably vast ocean appeared in his line of sight.

How Big was this ocean?

He couldn't see the edge, nor could he sense the edge!

"Yes, Dragon King. We call it the ocean of the Abyss. The entire ocean of the Abyss is incomparably huge. Xiao Lan can swim in it for a few hours!"

At the side, the country bumpkin said with a smile.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded his head and stared ahead!

"Woo Woo Woo!"

When the small house was getting closer, he let out a long and drawn-out roar. The sound was transmitted directly into the deep ocean!

"Woo Woo Woo!"

A few seconds later, a voice responded.

Wang Xian stared ahead. He could sense the position in front of him. The familiar aura was getting closer and closer to him!

"Woo Woo!"

Five minutes later, an incomparably huge figure appeared in their line of sight!

Above that incomparably huge figure stood a beautiful figure.

Looking at that figure, Wang Xian revealed an excited expression.

"Qingyue!"

"Qingyue!"

Shu Qing and the rest shouted excitedly from the side.

Lan qingyue stretched out her hand and waved at them!

"Qingyue!"

The distance between them was getting closer and closer. When the small house and Xiao Lan stopped, a group of girls flew over and extended their arms to hug Lan Qingyue.

"Qingyue!"

"Sisters, we meet again!"

The group of girls hugged each other, and their eyes were slightly red.

It had been seven years since they last met!

Since the last time, Lan Qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, and Xiao Lan had disappeared in order to pin down the thunder god Lord. It had been a total of seven years.

If it wasn't for Lan Qingyue and the rest, they would have died!

The group of girls were extremely grateful to Lan Qingyue.

"Move aside, let me hug you!"

Wang Xian walked over and said with a smile as he looked at the girls who were hugging each other.

"Xiao Xian!"

The group of girls smiled. Lan Qingyue looked at Wang Xian with sparkling eyes.

"Come on, let me hug you!"

Wang Xian smiled and walked over to hold her shoulders!

"Xiao Xian, i. . . I didn't take good care of Lingxiu. She..."

"Alright, Alright. I know about lingxiu. Let's go and look for her. I can sense that she is safe now!"

Lan Qingyue's eyes were red as she spoke. Wang Xian interrupted her immediately!

"You've worked hard for the past seven years!"

Wang Xian patted Lan Qingyue's shoulders gently and said slowly.

"It's not hard. I just miss you a little!"

Lan qingyue said softly.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled and patted her head. "Leave the rest to me."

"Hmph, I'm already very powerful now!"

Lan qingyue raised her head slightly and said confidently.

Who would have thought that a goddess who had two divine emperor level pets would look like this?

"Alright, Alright. Our Qingyue is very powerful."

Wang Xian nodded with a smile.

"Let's go. Let's go to the palace inside Xiao Lan's body. We still have some important matters to deal with!"

Lan Qingyue said with a smile.

"Alright, let's Go!"

Wang Xian nodded. Everyone immediately flew to Xiao Lan's mouth!

"Woo Woo!"

When Xiao Lan saw Wang Xian, she let out a joyful roar!

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian patted her and entered the palace inside her body.

Xiao Lan, which was more than a hundred kilometers in size, was equivalent to a small town within its body.

"Xiao Xian, Lingxiu was separated from me because of the powerhouses of the imperial court. I don't know where she is now. I must take revenge for this!"

Lan qingyue came to the palace and revealed a hint of murderous aura.

After years of pursuit and several life-and-death situations, Lingxiu's whereabouts were unknown. She wanted to take revenge for this.

Seven years of adulthood had already allowed her to grow into an ancient god who could stand alone and kill decisively, feeding the Kun master!