Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2790: 2,790 points

"Qing Yue, what is the current situation on your side?"

In the palace within Xiao Lan's body, Wang Xian looked at Lan Qing Yue with some heartache as he asked her.

"Xiao Xian, we have always been the ones taking the initiative. Although I do not know how many God emperors the imperial court has, we are relying on the main battlefield of the abyss. We can attack or retreat as we wish."

"Right now, my side has 18 peak undying God king experts, and the remaining 20 billion abyss seeds. Little Lan's current strength is comparable to a level 2 void God Emperor and a level 1 void God Emperor."

"With my side's strength, we are naturally not a match for the imperial court. However, there is still a god Emperor level abyss seed here. We have formed an alliance and it has many subordinates. There are dozens of peak god King level abyss seeds and hundreds of billions of subordinates."

"This attack on the imperial court was initiated by it. We only joined later!"

Lan qingyue said to Wang Xian.

"Qingyue, your influence is not weak either!"

Wang Xian sighed slightly when he heard her words.

There were eighteen peak celestial thearch subordinates, which was much more than the current Dragon Palace.

"It's alright. I made an agreement with that abyss seed to attack the front line of the imperial court in five days. The imperial court has already made preparations at the front line here!"

Lan Qingyue said with a smile.

"Five days later? Can you delay it for half a month? Within half a month, the Dragon Palace will be able to receive a huge improvement!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he said softly.

"Half a month? That shouldn't be a problem. However, I feel that our Dragon Palace doesn't need to participate in this, Xiao Xian."

"The battle this time will definitely be exceptionally tragic. My current subordinates, the abyssal seeds, are only obeying orders because they are intimidated by the little blue house's pressure. They don't have high intelligence and only know how to kill. If they die, so be it!"

Lan qingyue frowned slightly and said.

"Hehe, don't worry. The Dragon Palace has improved tremendously this time. When the time comes, I will be able to have the combat strength of an Emperor God. In addition, the Dragon Palace will have another Emperor God Powerhouse!"

"The night race's emperor of the night has already fallen. I think we can call the emperor of the night abyssal seeds over from the cold night island. When the time comes, we can launch a joint attack. Our Dragon Palace can launch a surprise attack or we can attack their headquarters directly. We will have to take a long-term plan when the time comes!"

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"That's possible too!"

Lan qingyue nodded slightly.

If two more god Emperor level existences could be added during the war, it could almost change the outcome of the war!

"Let's talk about the details later. I will see if we can build a dragon palace in the Sea of the Dark Abyss first. If it's possible, it would be convenient. We can put the main dragon palace here. If it's not possible, we can only build a teleportation formation here!"

Wang Xian stood up and flew out.

Lan Qingyue and the rest immediately followed behind.

Ding! "Do you want to build a Dragon Palace?"

When he arrived in the sky above Xiao Lan, the system's voice rang out. Wang Xian's eyes lit up.

He took out the materials and immediately built a dragon palace here.

"Haha, it would be more convenient with this Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian looked excited when he saw the completed Dragon Palace.

To be able to build a dragon palace in the abyss meant that they could be teleported directly to other dragon palaces from the abyss.

In that case, if the main Dragon Palace was transferred here, Wang Xian and the rest could easily avoid danger even if the celestial emperor of the imperial court were to attack the Dragon Palace on the Demon Island.

It wouldn't be a problem for them to protect the Beichuan sect and the great sect last month.

"Let's go back to the main Dragon Palace First!"

Wang Xian said to a person.

"Let's go, qingyue, let's go home!"

The group of girls immediately entered the Dragon Palace and teleported to the main dragon palace through the teleportation formation.

Lan Qingyue looked at the familiar Dragon Palace with a smile on her face.

Buzz

After entering the main dragon palace, Lan qingyue sized up her surroundings.

"Let's go, qingyue. The Dragon Palace has been upgraded while you were away. We'll bring you around!"

The group of girls surrounded Lan Qingyue and said immediately.

"There's no need to be in such a hurry. I'll accompany Qingyue first. Ahem, you guys can come over too!"

Wang Xian cleared his throat and immediately brought Lan qingyue along as they flew towards the direction of the Dragon King's palace.

As for why they were going there? Of course they were going there!

The group of girls rolled their eyes at her and didn't say anything.

After all, it had been seven years since they last met!

A few hours later, Wang Xian flew out from the bedroom above the Dragon King Palace comfortably. His face was glowing!

Lan Qingyue followed behind with a smile on her face!

"Prime Minister Gui, control the Dragon Palace immediately and fly into the abyss. Inform the Great Teacher of last month and the rest to stay on the planet with the Dragon Palace. If they are attacked by the powerhouses of the imperial court, enter the Dragon Palace directly and bring them to the main Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian came to the Dragon King's Palace and ordered Prime Minister Gui immediately.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded and replied immediately.

"The rest of the experts from the Dragon Palace, come to the front of the Dragon Transformation Pool!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and his voice spread throughout the entire Dragon Palace!

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace replied loudly immediately.

Wang Xian also moved and came directly to the front of the dragon transformation pool.

The entire dragon transformation pool was filled with dragon blood. The Holy Dragon blood was emitting a fragrant scent, making people want to devour it.

"Heavenly Formation, get ready. I'm about to break through!"

Seeing the arrival of the heavenly formation, Wang Xian said with a smile.

"I'm finally about to break through!"

The eyes of the heavenly formation were filled with excitement. He was about to break through again. He would regain the strength of the divine emperor. Although he was still far from his peak, he was still very close!

"All members of the Dragon Palace, according to Prime Minister Gui's rules, enter the dragon transformation pool to upgrade!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the members and said.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace responded immediately and flew into the dragon transformation pool.

The entire dragon transformation pool contained the resources for this huge battle. The corpse of the night God Emperor could upgrade the heaven array to the combat strength of the Celestial Thearch.

Ten corpses of Peak Immortal King could raise the battle prowess of the god Emperor to Wang Xian. Other than that, the Dragon Palace could also produce six peak god King warriors to battle and 65 god King Level 9 warriors to battle.

After all the members of the Dragon Palace were raised, the number of god King level experts in the Dragon Palace could reach 350,000!

Currently, there were only about 400,000 members in the Dragon Palace. Even including Ao Crab's devouring dragon, there were only about 500,000 of them.

90% of them had the combat strength of a godly king. That was already very strong!

"I'll leave the matters of the Dragon Palace to you guys!"

After Wang Xian said that, he moved and entered the Dragon Transformation Pool.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui and the rest replied immediately.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian roared and transformed into a seven-colored godly dragon in the air. He landed at the center of the Dragon Transformation Pool.

The Heaven Array entered the pool as well. Hundreds of thousands of members of the Dragon Palace entered the pool and proceeded to improve themselves!

In half a month, the strength of the Dragon Palace would turn the world upside down!