Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2791: Before the Great War of 2791

DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Boom! Boom! Boom

At the center of the Demon Island, the enormous Dragon Palace flew out of a sea of stars and headed toward the Abyss.

Although the Dragon Palace wasn't as fast as the small house, it wasn't slow either.

At full speed, it should be able to reach the abyss sea in two days.

Dragon Peak followed behind.

The flying of the Dragon Palace attracted a lot of attention.

Although the demon island was dominated by the nine heavens breaking moon, there were still many ordinary people on the planets.

There were also some spies of the imperial court.

The huge and Majestic Dragon Palace and Dragon Peak attracted the attention of many powerhouses.

Many people were slightly surprised that the dragon palace was flying toward the abyss.

This confirmed the fact that the Dragon Palace was connected to the god Emperor Abyss.

When this matter was reported to the artificial intelligence system, it attracted the attention of the entire imperial star area. Countless people cursed the dragon palace for being a traitor to the human race and that the Dragon Palace deserved to die.

They hoped that the imperial court could take action as soon as possible and completely destroy the Dragon Palace.

The entire AI was full of curses against the Dragon Palace.

At first, there were people who spoke up for the Dragon Palace, but later on, they all disappeared.

Although the AI god Star area's humans had asked the imperial court to destroy the Dragon Palace because of the curses against the Dragon Palace, the imperial court didn't have any reaction.

It wasn't that they didn't want to destroy the Dragon Palace, but they didn't have the strength now.

Time passed day by day. Two days later, the Dragon Palace arrived in the Sea of Abyss.

In the next few days, Wang Xian and the rest were still in the dragon transformation pool to improve their strength.

In the Dragon Palace, Lan Qingyue and Prime Minister Gui were planning the upcoming battle.

For a few days, the entire imperial star field was in a state of silence.

This was the silence before the big battle.

The AI was bustling with activity all the time. However, to the regret of many people, the imperial court still did not make any moves. They still did not make a move to destroy the Dragon Palace.

Especially for the night clan, countless people of the night clan on the AI requested the imperial court to attack the Dragon Palace and destroy it.

Now, the entire night clan only had one peak-stage king God expert guarding it, which was far from its peak.

The birth of the night God Emperor not only did not make them reach another peak, but also made them fall to the bottom!

Furthermore, they had to be on guard against the Dragon Palace at all times. What would they do if the experts of the Dragon Palace attacked them?

"Grand ancestor, we have found a piece of information!"

At this moment, in the void crevice divine hall in front of the Pingyi Abyss, more than twenty imperial court guardians were standing in the hall and reporting to the four vast figures in front.

This time, the Imperial Court's god Emperors had all arrived!

"Speak!"

The four vast figures leaned on their divine thrones and asked with unpleasant expressions.

They knew the current situation very well.

"Great ancestor, according to our detailed investigations over the past few days, we found a problem. Whether it's the woman from the Behemoth System or the Dragon Palace, they all appeared in that remote small galaxy in the southern star system."

"Although that galaxy is small, it has a very famous place, the fallen Emperor Battlefield!"

A protector in the center bowed and said respectfully.

"Fallen Emperor Battlefield?"

The four figures sat up slightly and looked at each other, frowning slightly.

They knew the fallen Emperor Battlefield and the Battle of the fallen Emperor very well.

The Battle of the fallen Emperor happened in their Emperor Star Field. At that time, the four of them were watching the battle from afar.

That vast battle caused their hearts to palpitate. That terrifying array master from the Heaven Magus region had single-handedly fought against five void God Emperors from the entire Magus Union. He fought until the sky turned dark and killed countless experts from the Magus Union before finally dying.

They similarly felt that they were definitely not a match for that fallen Heaven Array God Emperor.

Even with all the strength of their imperial court, they were not a match for him.

After that battle, the Shamans Association, which was one of the best in the seven great regions, had been reduced to its current middle-tier level.

"It's grand ancestor, the fallen Emperor battlefield. That legendary existence from the Sky Shaman Region. According to what we know, that woman and the Dragon Palace have appeared around the fallen Emperor battlefield. There's another very important point, and that is that there's an extremely powerful array formation master in the Dragon Palace."

"The night God Emperor was killed because that array formation master set up an array formation and gathered the strength of more than ten peak godly monarch experts to burst forth with the strength of a godly monarch."

"According to the results of our investigation, that array formation master is called the Heaven Array. He's been controlling the Dragon Palace's Dragon Peak all this while, and his position in the Dragon Palace seems to be very high."

The Imperial Court Guardian's eyes flickered as he spoke.

"Dragon Palace's Heaven Array?"

The four vast figures were slightly startled as their eyes flashed with a luster.

"We also found that array master has an extremely powerful array formation ability. He can directly send the huge dragon peak through a long-distance teleportation. The array formation he set up is very difficult to be shaken by those of the same level."

"There's another point. We found that the Dragon Palace's Heaven Array once condensed a wood attribute array. It is very similar to the array set up by the void God Emperor in the sky sorcerer region's Wood World."

As the imperial court protector said that, he waved his arm and two pictures appeared.

One was the situation of the southern star system's Dragon Star commercial planet being covered by green leaves, while the other was a picture of green leaves hovering above the towering trees.

The two looked extremely similar!

"The Dragon Palace's array master is the former Heaven Array God Emperor?"

A vast figure in the middle stood up and said with some shock.

"It's very likely!"

The three vast figures beside him also stood up, their eyes shining.

"A former legendary divine emperor is still alive. I really didn't expect that. But we have no enmity with him. Also, what is the identity of the Dragon King and that woman?"

A figure murmured.

"Regardless of the identity of the Dragon King and that woman, just the Tianchen Divine Emperor at his peak is not something we can contend with."

A vast figure on the right said slowly.

"Isn't he dead? He hasn't recovered to his peak yet. Let's not talk about other things. The Tianchen Divine Emperor is a sword hanging from a beam. We have to get rid of him."

A figure in the middle slowly sat down, his eyes shining.

"The Wizard Association was able to kill the Tianchen Divine Emperor back then, and now they can kill him as well. By the way..."

The three figures beside him also slowly sat down with cold expressions on their faces.

"Hehe, if the Witch Formation Association finds out that the sky formation divine emperor is still alive, they will definitely be so scared that they won't be able to sleep or eat in peace. Moreover, now that the sky formation divine emperor has his own power, the Witch Formation Association will definitely not allow him to fully mature."

The four figures looked at each other and revealed faint smiles on their faces.

"If we contact the Witch Formation Association, it might take more than ten to twenty days. We just need to hold on for this period of time!"

"At that time, the Dragon Palace and that woman will both die!"