Chapter 2792: The Great War of 2792 had caused the entire world to fall silent

"Great ancestor, can we really destroy the experts of the success Wizard Association when they arrive?"

In the Divine Hall, the Imperial Court's protectors looked at the four great ancestors with excitement in their eyes.

"As long as the experts of the success Wizard Association arrive, they will all die!"

The four vast figures revealed cold smiles.

The strength of the success Wizard Association was much stronger than their imperial court. Most importantly, every god Emperor of the success Wizard Association was an extremely powerful array master.

Each of them could fight two to three people of the same level.

Another point was their powerful and strange array formation.

Once they were locked down by the god Emperor of the success Wizard Association, even if they were to flee to the ends of the earth, they would be able to use the strange array formation to find them.

There was no way for them to escape.

With the addition of the four of them, the number of God Emperors of the formation sorcerer association could close to ten.

As for the Dragon Palace and that woman, they only had five void God emperors after adding two god emperor-level abyss seeds.

As long as the experts of the formation sorcerer association arrived, they would be able to destroy all of them.

"Hehe!"

Thinking of this, the four great ancestors of the imperial court could not help but laugh.

"Alright, great ancestor, I'll bring some people to the Heaven Magus region immediately and rush over as quickly as possible!"

A protector of the imperial court said with excitement on his face.

"We've met the god Emperor of the Magus Union and asked him to contact us. No matter what, we've given them timely news. They should thank us!"

The figure in the middle said with a smile.

"It's great ancestor!"

The imperial court guardians shouted respectfully.

* Buzz! *

The four vast figures immediately disappeared with smiles on their faces.

"The two of you, head to the Heaven Magus region immediately and invite the experts of the Witch Formation Association over as soon as possible!"

One of the imperial court guardians in the middle immediately said.

"It's great protector. We might not even need to invite them over when the experts of the Witch Formation Association rush over. Heh Heh!"

Everyone said with smiles on their faces.

Ten million years ago, the god Emperor of Heaven Array had resurrected and appeared in the Imperial Star Field. If the formation Wizard Association found out about this, the entire formation wizard association would be shocked. They would definitely do their best to rush over.

They would destroy the god Emperor of Heaven Array before he recovered to his peak.

One had to know that the Battle of the fallen Emperor had caused the entire formation wizard association to retreat for hundreds of millions of years. Countless experts had died.

"These few days, we and some of our disciples have been very sullen. A small dragon palace has killed so many experts and disciples of our imperial court. Now, we can finally let them know the consequences of offending our imperial court. hahaha!"

The few guardians of the imperial court laughed heartily, and the sullen feelings in their hearts were finally released.

"Send people to monitor the entire Abyss immediately, and monitor the Dragon Palace and all the forces related to the Dragon Palace!"

"Immediately declare on the AI that the Dragon Palace will be destroyed in a month at most!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The Great Protector of the imperial court roared with a gloomy face.

"Yes!"

The protectors of the imperial court answered with excitement in their eyes.

...

"Hahaha, the imperial court has declared that the Dragon Palace will be destroyed in a month at most!"

"The protectors of the Dragon Palace have declared that the Dragon Palace will be destroyed in a month. The imperial court is finally going to make a move!"

"Support the destruction of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King. Let them know the consequences of offending our imperial court!"

"Implicate the nine families. Don't let any forces related to the Dragon Palace go. Destroy them, hahaha!"

"Are they finally going to make a move? No one can offend our imperial court. No one!"

"I suggest hanging the Dragon King's head and letting everyone know the consequences of offending our imperial court!"

An hour later, the imperial court released the news on the AI. When everyone saw this message, their faces were filled with excitement.

Especially for those in the imperial court's domain, the imperial court was their faith. The Dragon Palace's matter had made them very sullen. Now, the Imperial Court had finally released the word that they would destroy the Dragon Palace in a month at most.

It was exciting!

Many disciples of the imperial court were extremely excited, and their brains were boiling.

Everyone was looking forward to the upcoming battle to destroy the Dragon Palace.

They were looking forward to the arrival of the divine emperor of the imperial court in a month's time.

The entire imperial star area was in an uproar, but the Dragon Palace was calm!

Inside the dragon transformation pool, waves of majestic and mighty power kept coming from inside.

In the center, a seven-colored gigantic body was entrenched in the center. On each of the dragon scales, there was a small dragon shadow flickering.

His dragon body was slowly becoming bigger, and each of the Dragon Scales was becoming more and more resplendent.

A pair of dragon horns were flickering with a seven-colored radiance. Slowly, the seven-colored radiance completely covered Wang Xian's body!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for raising your level to immortal King Level 5!"

Boom

At this moment, the system's voice rang out. Following that, a majestic power was released into the surroundings!

In the Dragon Transformation Pool, all the other members of the Dragon Palace opened their eyes and looked at the net in the middle with respect.

"Congratulations, Dragon King!"

They knelt in the dragon transformation pool and shouted respectfully.

Crash

Wang Xian opened his eyes and hovered above the dragon transformation pool while swaying his huge dragon body.

He scanned his surroundings and slowly raised his head.

"Roar!"

An extremely powerful energy was emitted from his body. He could not help but let out a roar.

The seven-colored radiance gradually enveloped him, causing him to only be able to see a blurry figure.

The Dragon God was nowhere to be seen!

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon God (man-dragon unity)

Level: Immortal King Level 5(Dragon God transformation 7th form)

Origin: 1545444/5000000000

Ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe below one's level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Dragon Eyes of the five elements of yin and yang.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin and yang poles, yin and Yang Five Elements Alms Bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Substantive law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light and darkness (level 5)

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace owned: Level 7.

Dragon Palace members: 411042

Wang Xian closed his eyes slightly and looked at his attributes. A smile appeared on his face.

Immortal King level five, void God emperor level one combat strength.

The current Wang Xian was standing at the peak of this resplendent starry sky.

"Hu!"

He slowly opened his dragon eyes and looked down.

"Dragon King, I still need a few more hours!"

The Heaven Array said to Wang Xian with a smile.

Wang Xian nodded slightly and flew into the Dragon King's palace.

"Prime Minister Gui, Qing Yue!"

He moved and transformed into human form as he shouted.

"Dragon King, the Dragon Queen is outside the Dragon Palace. She should be here soon!"

Prime Minister Gui rushed over and reported to Wang Xian.

"HMM, all the improvements should be over by today. How are you and Qing Yue's preparations?"

Wang Xian asked directly.

"Dragon King, we have already set a time for tomorrow's Attack!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately.