Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2793: The start of the 2793 war had silenced the entire world

"Attack tomorrow? Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head as his eyes sparkled.

Even if they could not destroy the imperial court in the Battle Tomorrow, they would have to pay a heavy price.

They would have to pay the price for hunting down Qing Yue and wanting to destroy the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King, seven days ago, the imperial court issued a statement."

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui handed over a computer with downloaded information.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian looked over and raised his eyebrows slightly.

"The Guardian of the imperial court announced that they would destroy our Dragon Palace in a month at most. Eight days have already passed."

"Logically speaking, with some information from the imperial court, they should be able to know that we are related to the giant beasts of the abyss. However, they still issued such a statement. They must have some confidence and trump cards."

Prime Minister Gui said.

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he looked at the statement.

Based on the imperial court's background in the Imperial Star Field, all the information about the dragon palace had been revealed to the powerhouses of the imperial court.

They were also able to learn about the relationship between the dragon palace and the giant beasts of the abyss.

Now that the Dragon Palace had come to the Abyss and even said that they wanted to destroy them, it was somewhat intriguing.

What right did they have to destroy the Dragon Palace?

They could only rely on their powerful strength.

However, with the imperial court's strength, it was impossible for them to destroy the Dragon Palace.

In fact, the imperial court's strength was even weaker than theirs.

And with the imperial court's prestige, it was impossible for them to make empty promises on purpose. Otherwise, the entire imperial star field would laugh at them.

"The imperial court has been in the imperial star field for more than 600 million years. They might have a powerful trump card. Looks like we have to be careful in the battle tomorrow."

Wang Xian revealed a grave expression.

"Indeed, we have to be careful. According to my deduction, the imperial court might not only have three void God emperors. There should be more of them."

Prime Minister Gui muttered.

"Xiao Xian!"

At this moment, Lan Qingyue flew over and shouted at Wang Xian.

"How is it, Qingyue? Are the two black magic system God emperors and Abyss seeds ready?"

Wang Xian looked at her and asked.

"They are ready. Prepare to attack tomorrow."

Lan qingyue nodded her head.

"Tell little blue to be more careful. I feel that the imperial court still has a powerful trump card."

Wang Xian said.

"Yes, I saw the declaration of the Imperial Court Too!"

Lan qingyue also nodded her head.

However, the attack this time had already been carried out more than ten days ago. The two void god-emperor abyss seeds of the black magic system might also know that the imperial court was very strong.

However, they did not care about the losses. Those abyss seeds would die as long as they died.

They would be able to recover their vitality after bringing over the corpses that had died.

If they won, the Abyss would be able to expand and they would be able to have a good meal.

If they did not care, Lan Qingyue would not care either.

"Now, the entire imperial court and the entire imperial star field want to destroy our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian looked at the comment below the message on the artificial intelligence system and said with a faint smile.

"After all, the imperial court has been standing in the imperial star field for hundreds of millions of years. The imperial court's territory is also the largest. Their number is immeasurable. Naturally, they want to destroy our Dragon Palace!"

Lan Qingyue said from the side.

Wang Xian nodded slightly and flipped through some information on the artificial intelligence system.

Boom

Two hours later, a terrifying aura swept over.

Wang Xian looked over and revealed a smile.

"Heaven Array, the former Celestial Emperor."

Lan qingyue also looked over. She had already gained an understanding of heaven array. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Whoosh

"Dragon King, Dragon Queen!"

At the next moment, a strange yet terrifying heaven array flew over and bowed to Wang Xian and Lan Qingyue with a smile!

"How is it?"

Wang Xian asked with a smile as he looked at the radiance circulating around his body.

"Dragon King, with my current strength, I can easily deal with two to three people of the same level."

The nine heads of the Heaven Formation were raised with a confident expression.

"Two to three? Can you kill them?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly and asked after hearing that.

"It might be difficult to kill them, but there is no problem in restraining them."

As Heaven's formation spoke, his body trembled slightly.

Buzz

Under the gaze of Wang Xian and the rest, Heaven's formation's body turned into three.

All three of them looked very strange.

Two Heads of the wind and thunder attribute formed a body.

Five-elemental heads formed a body.

The heads of the light and dark elements formed a body.

"Dragon King, I am inspired by you. The five elements revolve as one, the yin and yang light and dark elements revolve as one, and the wind and thunder revolve as one."

"Three bodies. Although our perception of the attributes is very poor, with this combination, each of my bodies can fight against a first level divine emperor powerhouse."

Heaven Array said proudly.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. The current Heaven Array was able to fight against opponents three ranks higher after gradually recovering its strength.

With its current strength, it could be said to be able to kill opponents three ranks higher.

Very strong!

"In that case, including Little Xian, our Dragon Palace has directly added four void God Emperors!"

From the side, Lan Qingyue's eyes lit up as she said.

Four void God emperors was a huge force.

How many God emperors were there in the entire imperial court?

"Four, including Little Lan from the little house and two from the black magic system, that would be eight void God emperors. I want to see how many tricks the imperial court has."

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

"If the imperial court can't withstand our attack tomorrow, we will attack the vast palace at the center of their imperial court and drive them out of the Imperial Star Field."

Lan Qingyue's eyes sparkled as she clenched her fists slightly.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head heavily.

He didn't want to stay in this dark abyss.

"Dragon King, the advancement of all the disciples has ended!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui sent a message.

"Currently, there are 16 peak-stage immortal king powerhouses in our Dragon Palace, 129 level nine immortal king powerhouses, and about 360,000 above Immortal King powerhouses."

Prime Minister GUI continued to report.

"For the Battle Tomorrow, we will launch a surprise attack. After the war erupts, we will act after the imperial court displays its strength!"

Wang Xian looked at Lan Qingyue and said.

"Sure, we can kill them by surprise. Even though the imperial court has investigated all the powers of the Dragon Palace, they didn't expect that the Dragon Palace could already match up to four void God Emperors."

Lan Qingyue said with a smile.

"The time for revenge has come."

She muttered softly.

Wang Xian raised his head, his eyes flashing with light.

In his sight, in front of the Abyss Sea, there was an endless army of abyss seeds lying in front of him.

There were more than 20 billion abyss seeds and 18 peak undying god King Abyss seeds. These were Lan Qingyue's subordinates.

And not far away, the number of abyss seeds gathered there was even more massive.

A few hundred billion, just looking from afar would make one shudder!