Chapter 2794: The start of the war of 2794 silenced the entire world

"Buzz Buzz!"

"Alert activated!"

At this moment, a voice sounded from the front line at the border between Pingyi Island and the imperial court.

In the center, a large battleship emitted a red light and was transmitted to both sides.

The sound of the alarm caused everyone at the front line to be slightly startled. They immediately perked up and raised their vigilance.

"According to some of our scouts, a large number of abyssal creatures have gathered in the abyss. Get all the disciples ready."

In the palace located at the back of the command center at the center, the Court Guardians sat there. They looked at a scene on the big screen in front of them and became slightly solemn.

"These damn beasts. We will let these beasts know how powerful we are in this battle. Humph!"

One of the Guardians of the imperial court couldn't help but Snort angrily.

"Yes, give those beasts a hard blow."

Another guardian of the imperial court chimed in.

"This battle is mainly about defense. We will be the ones to break out the real battle!"

At this moment, five or six old men walked in from the entrance. The leading old man said with a smile.

"Great Guardian!"

When the other protectors of the imperial court saw the old man in the lead, they immediately stood up and shouted.

"Great ancestor and the others have already given the order that all wars at the moment will be focused on defense."

The great protector stretched out his hand and gestured for them to sit down before he said faintly.

"Great Protector, are we going to wait for the Shaman Association to arrive before we launch a general attack?"

A protector asked.

"That's right. With our current situation, we won't be able to gain much from fighting against the Abyssal Beasts and the Dragon Palace. However, it's different when the experts of the success Wizard Association arrive. We've already made contact with the success Wizard Association. The experts of the Success Wizard Association attach great importance to this. I reckon that we'll be able to come into contact with the god-emperor experts of the success Wizard Association in a few days."

"Hehe, you don't need to worry about these things. Once the enemy attacks, just defend with all your strength. Let the Abyssal Beasts and the Dragon Palace be arrogant for a while. Soon, they will die."

The Great Protector said indifferently, his eyes full of coldness.

"Hahaha, then we will let them be arrogant for a while. If we just defend with all our strength, there won't be too much loss."

One of the protectors laughed loudly and said happily.

"Hehe, it doesn't matter if we activate the defense system and consume some resources. When the time comes, we'll get them back tenfold."

The great protector nodded.

"If we only defend against them, we can delay them for ten days to half a month."

"After ten days to half a month, it'll be time for us to slaughter the powerful warriors of the Wizard Association."

The protectors beside them said with a smile. Recently, all the nervousness on their faces had disappeared.

In the past, in their eyes, many protectors would definitely die in the war here. However, because of the appearance of the Dragon Palace and the appearance of the god Array Emperor that day, their losses might be reduced to the minimum.

After all, the Witch Formation Association was so powerful that it would be easy for them to join forces to fight against the abyssal seeds.

"Now, shouldn't we thank that Dragon Palace? That Dragon King?"

A protector of the imperial court could not help but chuckle.

The people around them who heard this smiled faintly.

"Alright, everyone, don't let down your guard. Once the abyssal seed army attacks, we will still have to take action to defend against them."

"The four ancestors will also have to take action to fight against the divine emperor ranked abyssal seed. You must know that the other party might have one more divine emperor ranked battle prowess than us."

The Great Protector stood up and reminded everyone.

"Don't worry, Great Protector. A divine emperor-level, and one that has been forcefully raised by an array formation. We can withstand it!"

The rest of the protectors stood up and assured with relaxed expressions.

With the Imperial Court's foundation, even if the four great ancestors did not make a move, they still had treasures that could withstand a divine emperor-level rank one expert.

They were not even afraid of another one.

If they were only defending, they would not feel too much pressure.

"Everyone, get ready and take your positions." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Great Protector said indifferently and turned around to leave.

The Great Protector did not pay much attention to the attacks that the abyssal beasts and the Dragon Palace had joined in.

It was easy for them to defend themselves completely.

"The frontline of the Pingyi battlefield is very tense. The first war might break out in the next few days."

"The first collision between the imperial court and the entire Abyss is about to begin!"

Soon, the news about the war on the frontline spread quickly on the AI.

"Is the first war going to break out in the Pingyi? No wonder the imperial court did not destroy the Dragon Palace immediately. It turns out that the war is going to break out in the Pingyi."

"The war in Pingyi Abyss has gathered all the forces of the imperial court, so the imperial court doesn't have time to destroy the Dragon Palace. But once the war is stabilized, the Dragon Palace will die."

"The imperial court has declared that they will destroy the Dragon Palace within a month. It seems that the imperial court is confident in stabilizing the battlefield here!"

"Of course. Our imperial court has been standing in the imperial star field for more than 600 million years. How can an abyss threaten us?"

"Pacify the Abyss, destroy the Dragon Palace, and restore peace!"

"Pacify the Abyss, destroy the Dragon Palace, and restore peace!"

...

When everyone in the imperial star area learned about the situation on the battlefield in Pingyi, countless people replied in an instant.

In the end, the words "Pacify the Abyss, destroy the Dragon Palace, and restore peace"flooded the screen.

Moreover, everyone in the imperial court believed that they would soon achieve the goal of pacifying the Abyss and destroying the Dragon Palace.

All the troublemakers would be reduced to ashes.

"Tomorrow, we will be teleported to the center of the battlefield."

"I think the imperial court would be able to predict that the dragon palace would appear on the battlefield. They might have made sufficient preparations. Furthermore, the imperial court's detection methods might be able to detect ao Yao and the rest."

"It's alright. The imperial court doesn't know the exact strength of our Dragon Palace."

In the Dragon Palace located in the Sea of Abyss, Wang Xian, Prime Minister Lan Qingyue, and the others were discussing the battle tomorrow.

This was the most extensive battle since the establishment of the Dragon Palace.

The number of creatures and humans that were shot at amounted to hundreds of billions.

Although it was not comparable to the scenes of the race wars that appeared during the inheritance, it was still large enough.

Sometimes, there was no right or wrong in a war.

It was just that the winner would be the king.

"We will not lose this battle."

At the last moment, Wang Xian revealed a faint smile and said firmly.

"Yes, Xiao Xian, we will not lose. After this battle, the Dragon Palace will be able to improve once again. By then, our strength will be more stable."

Lan qingyue also nodded her head heavily. Her eyes were filled with determination.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Wu Wu Wu Wu!"

A Day quickly passed, and on the second day, a few roars filled with endless majesty sounded.

The war had begun!