Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2795: The great battle of 2795 had silenced the entire world

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Wu Wu Wu!"

The Roar resounded throughout the abyss, and the pressure rushed forward without any concealment.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

Soon, endless roars were heard in unison.

It was as if the roars came from the demons in the Abyss, as if the demons were breaking out of their cages.

The roar was filled with madness and violence.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Get Ready!"

In the Dragon Palace, 360,000 godly monarch members stood in front of the Dragon Field. They held weapons in their hands and were filled with a cold murderous aura.

"Yes!"

When the order was given, the leaders of the Dragon Palace led them flying out.

The leader in front was Wang Xian. Heaven array was standing one step behind him.

After flying out of the Sea of Abyss, Wang Xian and the rest looked ahead. What they saw was a dense and endless number of abyss seeds.

A terrifying murderous aura was attacking the surroundings. If a weak godly king were to look at them directly, he would probably suffocate and die.

This was not an army of a thousand men and horses, but hundreds of billions of abyss seeds.

And at the position above them, there were four incomparably huge existences that were emitting an even more vast and terrifying aura.

Xiao Lan, whose body size was more than 100 kilometers, and a small house that was 70 to 80 kilometers in size.

On the right, there were two equally terrifying existences.

One of them was a god-emperor abyssal seed that had huge wings and was covered in flames.

The other was a god-emperor abyssal seed that was shrouded in black flames like a special insect. It stood upright and looked sinister and terrifying. It looked even more terrifying than the god-emperor abyssal seed that was shrouded in flames!

"We are at the back!"

Wang Xian shouted softly and immediately flew forward.

The members of the Dragon Palace flew directly to the back of the abyssal seeds.

The Dragon Palace was not in charge of the main force for this battle.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The god-emperor abyssal seed that was shrouded in black flames looked toward the back and let out a low roar.

It then looked at Lan Qingyue and turned its head to look forward.

Obviously, it knew about the existence of the Dragon Palace.

"Wu Wu Wu!"

Lan Qing Yue stood on Little Blue's body and gently patted his body. Little Blue let out a roar that was filled with pressure.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

In front of them, over 20 billion abyss seeds immediately let out roars and charged forward.

Leading them were 18 pinnacle undying god King Abyss seeds.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

Beside them, 2 emperor God level Abyss species also roared.

"Howl Howl Howl!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

"Ji Ji Ji!"

All sorts of replies were sent over, terrifying killing intent shot into the sky, the black magic type abyss species also flew forward.

Leading them were 47 pinnacle god King Abyss species.

The Dark Magic Race's strength was several times that of Lan Qingyue's.

The main reason was because Little Blue's small house had improved and devoured many abyss species, leaving only 20 billion or so as subordinates.

The Abyss species'army sailed forward in a mighty manner.

"Ding, Ding, Ding!"

At the same time, in front of the battle line where the imperial court and Pingyi Island intersected, an incomparably ear-piercing alarm sounded.

It was completely different from yesterday's alarm.

"All the disciples of the imperial court, get ready to fight!"

"This battle is mainly about defense. Remember, it's mainly about defense. This battle is mainly about defense. Let's let these beasts be more arrogant. It Won't be long before all of them are annihilated!"

A voice sounded, and everyone on the battle line heard it clearly.

"Put up defensive weapons, formations, and war machines!"

In the next moment, another voice filled with authority rang out.

"Are those beasts coming?"

"Pick up your weapons. Unfortunately, this time, the main focus is on defense. I still want to kill to my heart's content!"

"Hahaha, Fight!"

The entire battlefront immediately went into operation.

The stars that were burning with flames slowly flew into the abyss.

Massive War machines with powerful auras entered the Abyss battlefield.

"Biological war wall, activate!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, godly monarch experts lined up and flew forward. They held a bright ball in their hands.

With a toss of their hands, a rumbling sound rang out. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

A very special creature quickly flew out of the ball. It was densely packed and extremely terrifying.

These creatures quickly gathered together and formed a city wall that was billions of kilometers long, tens of thousands of kilometers high, and thousands of kilometers thick.

This was the biological war wall!

The Abyss War had to break out in the Abyss because they did not enter the abyss. The Abyss species could expand the abyss with energy inside the Abyss.

The appearance of the biological war wall could build a battlefield that could advance and retreat for the imperial court.

A defensive line was completed at a terrifying speed.

Weng

"Hmph, I didn't expect these beasts to attack so quickly!"

At this time, the command palace at the back also slowly entered the abyss, over a dozen protectors stood there.

The Great Protector stood in front of a screen, looking at the blurry scene, his eyes filled with killing intent.

"A total of 65 peak undying Emperor Abyss species, our imperial court doesn't have any less than these beasts."

One of the protectors looked at the row of peak undying Emperor Abyss species in front of him and said coldly.

"Look behind, that's the people from the Dragon Palace, this damn Dragon Palace, they really participated in this battle."

"It's the Dragon Palace, hmph, they really are in cahoots with these beasts, I'll hang the Dragon King's head in the imperial court punishment hall in the future!"

In the command hall, more than ten protectors saw the figure of the Dragon Palace in the picture, and their eyes were extremely cold.

"Send this picture to the computer and show it to the people of the imperial star field. Hehe, although it doesn't say that the People's hearts rule the world, the hearts of the people are still very useful."

The Great Protector looked forward, and his eyes were extremely cold.

"It's the Great Protector!"

A protector of the imperial court nodded heavily and immediately opened the AI to record this image.

Then, he released this video in the name of the protector of the imperial court.

"There's no difference between the Dragon Palace and the abyss seed. Soon, the imperial court will seal the Dragon King's head for the people of the imperial star area to spit on!"

A video was immediately sent out along with a sentence.

"I feel like I'm being watched."

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was following the Army of the abyss seed, looked in a direction. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes were flickering.

"Bang!"

Under his gaze, sparks flashed in the Void.

"There are indeed a lot of surveillance!"

Ba Qi's weird and terrifying body size sized up his surroundings with pairs of eyes.

Sparks were also flashing in the surrounding void.

"Hehe, it's time for the winner to win!"

Wang Xian didn't pay too much attention to the surveillance. His eyes were flashing with a cold glint.

He was looking ahead!