Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2797: The Great War of 2797 had silenced the entire world

"You Bunch of bastards, shut up for the imperial court. It Won't be long before we cut you into a thousand pieces!"

"How Dare You Insult Our God-emperor? All of you will die!"

"Little Dragon Palace, you will soon pay a terrible price for what you have done. We will pull out your tongues!"

In the sky above the Abyss battlefield, when the four celestial emperors of the imperial court heard the words of the eight-limbed demonic earth grandson and the others, terrifying killing intent shot out from their eyes.

At the same time, the space around them was also affected.

When the Guardians of the imperial court and everyone in the imperial court heard that they had directly insulted their great ancestor, their celestial emperors revealed furious expressions. One by one, the Guardians of the Imperial Court roared with killing intent on their faces.

"Jie Jie Jie, a group of sanctimonious things, when chasing after our dragon queen is not to think that there will be this day? I tell you, four old dogs'puppies, your death today is all because of your four old dogs. When you die, go and reason with your old dogs!"

"Soon let us cut a thousand pieces, Jie Jie, wait a moment, I send you to Hell, dry you this group of things!"

Just as the imperial court's protector finished cursing angrily, the eight-headed demon duo roared at the top of their lungs.

In terms of shamelessness, the eight-headed demon duo were professionals.

"You all are courting death!"

Upon hearing the eight-headed demon duo's words, everyone from the imperial court revealed furious expressions.

No one dared to say that the imperial court's people were dogs?

At this moment, although they had many doubts in their hearts, they wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace just because the people from the Dragon Palace scolded them!

Before the other disciples of the imperial court could curse loudly, the imperial court's Celestial Emperor, who was enveloped in flames, shouted coldly.

His voice drowned out everyone. Everyone in the Imperial Court felt a chill in their hearts as they knew that great ancestor was a little angry.

"I'm looking for the ancestral graves of your eighteen generations of ancestors!"

However, the people of the imperial court were shocked and furious. The eight-limbed demon fiend did not care about the imperial court's Celestial Emperor.

They were enemies to begin with, so they did not care about their strength. They just shouted at the top of their lungs.

"Roar! Roar!"

The words of the eight-limbed demonic fiend and the others made the two celestial emperors and Abyss creatures above the Abyss turn their heads to look at them. Confusion flashed across their eyes.

Was this the beginning of the human war?

"Crack! Crack! Crack!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The sound of burning flames could be heard around the celestial emperor of the imperial court who was shrouded in flames. He stared at the eight-limbed demonic fiend with a cold gaze.

"Are you F * cking looking at your father?"

The two of them raised their heads without any fear and replied once again.

Even some members of the Dragon Palace were speechless when they heard his words.

"Roar! Today, let me experience the strength of you bunch of beasts!"

The divine emperor who was enveloped by flames was burning with anger. He roared furiously and flew forward.

A vast and mighty aura and terrifying energy raged in the sky above the abyss.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The god-emperor abyssal seed that was also enveloped in flames raised its head and let out an angry roar. It flapped its huge wings and went forward to meet the attack.

"All imperial court disciples, Defend!"

A god-emperor who was enveloped in light in the middle said.

After saying that, his body moved and he charged forward.

"Wuwu!"

The huge eyes of the small house locked onto him and went forward to meet him.

"Woo Woo!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

In the next moment, Xiao Lan and the other abyss seed did not hesitate at all as they charged towards the other two celestial emperors of the court of Emperor.

Xiao Lan locked onto the shadow that was shrouded in light and charged forward with endless power of desolation.

Meanwhile, Lan Qingyue, who was on Xiao Lan's body, flew towards Wang Xian.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga Ga!"

When Xiao Lan and the rest rushed over, all the abyssal seeds below started to boil. In an instant, they became extremely violent. Their blood-red eyes stared at the disciples of the imperial court ahead.

Boom

In an instant, the entire space seemed to have undergone a drastic change. The air instantly turned heavy.

The abyssal seeds that blotted out the sky and covered the earth rushed over. In front of them, everyone from the imperial court who stood on the biological city wall also released their full power.

"All the disciples of the imperial court, this battle is mainly for defense. The disciples at the rear will carry out long-range attacks. In the next war, we will destroy them all!"

On the platform of the Central Command Hall of the Imperial Court, the Great Guardian stood there, holding a scepter of light in his hand. He waved his arm, and in front of him, an incomparably large disc of light appeared, it directly covered an area of over a hundred million kilometers.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the next moment, all kinds of defensive weapons of war were activated. At a glance, it looked like an indestructible city wall.

"Kill!"

The other imperial court disciples roared angrily as long-range attacks attacked the abyssal seed that was charging over.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

In front of the abyssal seed, many peak god-king existences raised their heads and launched attacks.

Immediately, vast destruction blasted forward.

"Imperial court protector, block the attacks of the peak god-king abyssal seed!"

Seeing the attacks of the peak god-king abyssal seed, the imperial court great protector immediately ordered.

"Weng Weng!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the next moment, all the imperial court protectors bombarded the attacks of the peak-stage godly monarch abyssal seeds.

The sound of collision rang out as vast energy swept across the entire abyss.

"Bang Bang Bang!"

However, at this moment, an incomparably violent explosion sounded in the sky.

Fiery-red light, white light, and black light shone in this space.

That was the color of the laws.

In the sky, the four imperial court divine emperors and Little Blue had also officially clashed.

In a four-on-four situation, and they were all at the same level, it was almost difficult to determine the victor.

Even if there was a difference in strength, it would still take one or two days or even longer to kill the other party.

And this was even under the situation where the other party did not escape.

"Roar!"

Below, after the first round of attacks from Peak Divine King Abyss seeds were blocked, the second round of attacks was launched again.

This time, at least a million divine king abyss seeds launched long-range attacks at the same time, covering the front.

A terrifying, shocking, and unparalleled scene crossed the abyss.

"Block!"

On the imperial court's side, the Order of the Great Guardian sounded again. Similarly, all the divine king experts on the imperial court's side directly went up to meet it.

Boom

Another collision. The abyssal seed's attack was completely destroyed.

After two rounds of attacks, the distance between the two sides was getting closer and closer.

"Protectors, be wary of the Dragon Palace's side. Their side can erupt with the power of a rank one godly monarch!"

The Great Protector transmitted his voice to the other protectors.

"Haha, Great Protector, don't worry. With our side's defense, we can still withstand the attacks of at least two godly monarchs without the help of the godly monarch!"

A protector replied with a laugh.

Divine emperors were not cabbages. It was rare to have one more.

They were not afraid even if two of them appeared from the Dragon Palace.

They would not be defeated in an instant even if there were three of them.

After all, their foundations were there!