Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2798: The Great War of 2798 had begun, and the entire world had fallen silent

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the Abyss battlefield, terrifying sounds of collisions rang out continuously. Countless abyssal seeds launched their attacks and bombarded the imperial court.

However, the imperial court had relied on their incomparably powerful foundations to form an indestructible city wall.

When the battle broke out, no one from the imperial court died except for many abyssal seeds.

All the attacks were blocked by the defense of the imperial court.

"HMM? Dragon King, the Imperial Court didn't take the initiative to attack. All of them are defending."

The people from the Dragon Palace were slightly surprised when they saw that they were only defending and launching long-range attacks.

Prime Minister Gui frowned slightly and said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"It is a little strange."

Wang Xian also raised his eyebrows slightly.

The invasion of the abyssal seed was not something that could be resolved by just defending.

In the Battle of the Abyss, one had to kill the abyssal seed wantonly so that it would not pose a threat.

If it was only defending, the abyssal seed would never be severely injured. If that was the case, it would not be able to resolve the threat of the abyss.

Such meaningless defense was completely useless.

"The imperial court announced on the AI not long ago that they will destroy the Dragon Palace within a month. Half a month has passed

"Maybe the imperial court has some secret weapons that they need to wait for, or maybe they are going to invite more powerful existences."

Prime Minister Gui stood there, deep in thought.

The imperial court was so abnormal and so confident, which made them extremely puzzled.

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

The imperial court ahead only defended and did not launch a full-scale attack. It was indeed beyond their expectations.

"However, no matter what the imperial court is planning, we will let them suffer heavy losses in this battle!"

"All the members of the Dragon Palace, launch a long-range attack. All of you, launch a long-range attack." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

A cold look appeared in Wang Xian's eyes as he ordered all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the leaders of the Dragon Palace nodded their heads.

"Get Closer!"

Prime Minister Gui waved his arm and the army of the Dragon Palace flew towards the front.

"Enter the attack range. Heavenly Eye Arrow Division, Fire!"

The group of dragon-type archers held bows and arrows in their hands. Mou Zesen stared at the front and shouted loudly immediately.

"Fire!"

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

The next moment, countless arrows shot forward.

"The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace, attack from afar!"

Prime Minister Gui ordered immediately.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The rest of the members of the Dragon Palace immediately unleashed their attacks.

Even the berserk dragon, who wasn't good at long-range combat, condensed a blood-red spear in his hand and threw it forward.

The only one who did not make a move was probably the thorned dragon hidden in the void.

"The Dragon Palace is making a move. Prepare to resist!"

The moment all the members of the Dragon Palace made a move, the five guardians of the imperial court were ready.

Boom! Boom! Boom

They moved and attacked a burning star in the sky with their palms.

The burning star spun and a huge black hole appeared in the middle.

The entire hole was emitting a terrifying high temperature.

"Control the flaming god Star!"

One of the court guardians shouted and flew toward the flaming god Star.

Three court guardians followed closely behind him.

Then, tens of millions of court disciples flew toward the Flaming God star at the same time.

Each of them was emitting a blazing flame.

When the tens of millions of people landed on the flaming god Star, the black hole in the center of the star began to glow red!

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the next moment, flames that looked like meteorites met the attack of the Dragon Palace.

The terrifying meteorites completely covered the arrow attack of the heavenly eye arrow.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

All the attacks of the Dragon Palace were blocked.

"Dragon King, the power of this divine flame star can burst out the power of a divine emperor with the support of more than ten million disciples of the imperial court. It seems that the imperial court has been prepared for this."

The sky array squinted his eyes and said when he saw the divine flame star in front of him.

"Hehe, all the dragon palaces are attacking with all their might. I would like to see how they are going to defend against our Dragon Palace's attack with this blazing divine star!"

Wang Xian revealed a faint smile in his eyes.

He and Tian Cheng did not make a move. At this moment, he still wanted to see how many resources the imperial court had.

"It's the Dragon King. All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, aim at the blazing divine star and Attack!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded immediately and ordered loudly.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In an instant, 360,000 godly king experts of the Dragon Palace unleashed their strongest attacks and attacked the flaming god Star.

The terrifying power made some abyss creatures in the surroundings look sideways.

"Release the power of the Flaming God Star with all your strength."

On the divine flame star, the Imperial Court Protector's expression changed drastically when he saw the full-strength attack from the Dragon Palace. He immediately roared loudly.

"Buzz!"

The entire divine flame star trembled slightly as a vast flame power condensed in the black hole.

A fire pillar with a diameter of over ten million kilometers slowly flew out from the divine flame star to meet the Dragon Palace's attack.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The Endless Flames collided with the attack of more than 300,000 godly monarchs of the Dragon Palace, and the enormous fire pillar slowly collapsed.

"Oh no!"

"The Dragon Palace is stronger than we imagined!"

"They have 15 or 16 peak godly monarchs!"

When the flaming god Star's attack slowly collapsed, the faces of the Imperial Court Guardians on the Flaming God Star changed drastically.

This blazing divine star was obtained by their God Emperor through a great opportunity. With the support of their fire attribute experts and disciples, it could erupt with the might of a god Emperor.

However, they were actually unable to withstand the full force attack of all the members of the Dragon Palace.

This caused their expressions to change slightly.

One had to know that in their calculations, the blazing divine star was sufficient to resist the entire dragon palace.

"HMPH, do you really think that with just one treasure, tens of millions of people can fight against the entire Dragon Palace?"

Wang Xian stared ahead with a mocking look in his eyes.

"Attack!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui's order rang out once again.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Boom! Boom! Boom

The third round of attacks from the Dragon Palace attacked the flaming god Star once again.

"Great Protector, please ask for help. One Flaming God star is no match for the Dragon Palace!"

Seeing the attack coming again, the protector on the flaming god Star immediately asked for help from the great protector of the imperial court.

"Activate the sky-covering Fan!"

The great protector looked over, frowned slightly, and shouted.

"Leave it to me!"

In the command center, a protector with a folding fan flew over.

"Crash!"

He waved his arm, and the folding fan in his hand immediately became bigger and covered a piece of void!