Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2803: imperial star area was silent. The imperial court was on the run

"No, your imperial court still has a divine emperor. How is this possible? How is this possible? !"

When the maniacal laughter and the terrifying attack arrived, the imperial court's disciples screamed in pain.

The Great Protector of the imperial court on the Divine Hall of light quickly turned his head. When he saw another divine emperor appear, his face was filled with disbelief.

Another divine emperor, another divine emperor!

The Dragon King, the Heaven Array, and the two heaven array avatars that appeared, each of them had the true power of a divine emperor.

Four, a total of four. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Their imperial court only had four divine emperors.

Even though their imperial court's foundation was extremely deep, four divine emperors had already exceeded their limits.

Even if they resisted the Dragon King and the other three divine emperors, they would be at a disadvantage for a long time.

Four had exceeded their limits.

"Hahaha, it seems like your imperial court's Trump card is gone. Since it's gone, you can all die!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Seeing that no one was stopping him, the sky array gave off a cold killing intent and roared furiously.

"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!"

The last avatar, Light and darkness.

Terrifying rays of light and darkness energy attacked the surroundings.

"Not good, great ancestor, we're not his match. Requesting backup, requesting backup!"

On the biological battle wall, a group of imperial court guardians and experts saw the Heaven Array Light and darkness clone wreaking havoc. Their faces were pale and their foreheads were covered in cold sweat.

"Help!"They cried out in fear.

Boom! Boom! Boom

However, when the Heaven Array Light and darkness clone's attack landed, another huge tear appeared.

The two guardians of the imperial court were killed.

"Roar!"

"Ga Ga Ga!"

When the energy of the heaven array disappeared, three cracks appeared on the Abyss battlefield.

One was on the side of the Dragon Palace, and the other two were on the side of the Abyss.

However, the Dragon Palace was blocked by the divine weapons such as the divine flame star and the Divine Net of Heaven and earth, so the members of the Dragon Palace couldn't kill them.

However, it was different for the abyssal races.

The imperial court's main defense was now torn open. The abyssal races in front of them rushed in and charged toward the disciples of the imperial court on both sides.

The two cracks could only accommodate hundreds of millions of abyssal races.

In particular, four imperial court guardians were killed in the two cracks. At the left and right sides, they had to face the attacks of at least one peak-stage king God abyssal race.

"Not good. Quickly block this side. Don't let the abyssal seed rush over!"

"Release the weapons on the warship. Bombard, Bombard!"

The instantaneous change made the imperial court's stabilized situation somewhat panicked. However, the Guardians of the imperial court also reacted very quickly. They immediately ordered the disciples behind them to attack.

It was an attack, not a defense!

"Boom Boom Boom!"

At the rear, the battleships that were millions of kilometers in size released endless cannon fire towards the crack.

A large number of cannonballs exploded and killed countless abyssal seeds.

"Hehe, imperial court, your destruction has already begun!"

The light-dark avatar of the Heaven Array let out a cold roar. His body moved and waves of vast energy continued to attack at the side.

A god-emperor was slaughtering existences below the god-emperor realm. In addition, he had to face an abyss seed that was not weaker than them. Under such circumstances, the experts and disciples of the imperial court could not resist at all.

"Great ancestor, we can't hold on any longer. We're about to be defeated!"

Seeing the light-dark avatar of the Heaven Array God-emperor charging over, a protector of the imperial court shouted in fear.

"Roar!"

From the sky, a god Emperor's angry roar filled with unwillingness could be heard.

"Retreat! All the disciples of the imperial court retreat immediately!"

He shouted in a stern voice.

In the sky, the four great ancestors of the imperial court were fighting with Xiao Lan and the others.

In a day's time, the outcome of the battle was not determined.

However, this was within the expectations of the four God emperors of the imperial court.

However, they had never expected that there would be so many divine emperors in the Dragon Palace.

Four, a total of four!

It had completely exceeded their expectations.

Even though their imperial court had taken out more than 600 million years of resources, they were still unable to withstand it.

The balance of the battle had already lost its balance. At this moment, the more the battle continued, the more experts of their imperial court would suffer casualties.

Retreat. At this moment, they could only retreat, even if they had to let the Abyss expand the Abyss Domain.

However, at most half a month, half a month later, when the experts from the Wizard Association arrived, it would be time for them to counterattack.

"How can it be so easy to escape? Hahaha, all of you protectors of the Imperial Court, die!"

When sky array saw the order given by the Imperial Court's Divine Emperor to retreat, his face was filled with a dense expression.

His gaze locked onto the protectors of the imperial court as he charged over with a face full of killing intent.

At this moment, his main focus was to kill the peak combat strength of the imperial court.

"Kill, Kill, kill! All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Kill!"

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he roared with a face full of fury.

"Kill!"

The eyes of the members of the Dragon Palace emitted a strong battle intent. This time, they did not continue with their long-range attacks. Instead, they charged forward directly!

"Wu Wu! Wu Wu Wu!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Little Blue and the two Black Mage-type void God Emperor Abyss seeds raised their heads at this moment and let out a furious roar.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar Roar!"

At the next moment, the entire Abyss battlefield went berserk once again.

The sky array light-dark avatar broke the balance. The Abyss seeds fought, and fresh blood splattered everywhere.

Under the orders of the divine emperor abyssal seeds and little blue, all the abyssal seeds went berserk.

They surged forward crazily.

"Retreat, Retreat!"

"Send 20 to 30 peak divine king experts to pin down that divine emperor, pin him down!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

All the experts and disciples of the imperial court shouted in fear when they saw the abyssal races going berserk and saw a divine emperor wreaking havoc in the sky.

"Restrain him!"

"Sou Sou Sou!"

Seeing the heavenly array killing the imperial court guardians one by one, one of the Guardians roared loudly. In an instant, more than 20 imperial court guardians attacked the Heavenly Array.

They wanted to restrain him.

"Boom!"

"You want to really restrain me with just this Divine Hall of Light? hahaha!"

However, suddenly, the figure of the heavenly array flashed and directly broke away from the Divine Hall of Light's restraint.

He instantly came to the side of the light-dark avatar. With a wave of his arm, the void trembled. Array formations condensed and attacked the more than 20 imperial court guardians.

The light-dark avatar did not hesitate. He casually waved the array formation in front of him.

"Boom! Boom!"

"Pu!"

"No!"

It was difficult for more than 20 peak godly monarch experts to pin down one godly monarch, let alone two.

In an instant, more than twenty protectors were heavily injured, and half of them died immediately.

"Dragon Palace, you deserve to die!"

The great protector of the imperial court controlled the Divine Hall of light to rush over from behind. When he saw the scene in front of him, he roared with blood-red eyes.