Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2805: The 2805 Imperial Galaxy was silent. The imperial court was on the run

"Sky Array, stop him!"

Wang Xian saw the great ancestor of the imperial court who had broken through to the divine emperor abyss seed. His eyes sparkled as he shouted at the sky array.

"Yes, Dragon King. Leave it to me!"

The palm of the sky array waved quickly and a formation was formed to welcome him directly.

Wang Xian's gaze locked onto the experts of the imperial court and he immediately charged forward.

"Run, run, run!"

Seeing the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace charging over, the disciples and powerhouses of the imperial court who were already fleeing in panic turned even paler. They flew out desperately.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes and locked onto the protectors of the imperial court.

"Dragon King, you will die a horrible death!"

"You are the sinners of humanity. You deserve to die!"

When one of the Guardians of the imperial court saw Wang Xian chasing after them, a look of despair appeared in his eyes as he shouted loudly.

Bam

However, what greeted him was the terrifying Dragon Claw.

The Dragon Claw covered a radius of more than a thousand kilometers. All the disciples and powerhouses of the imperial court around him were directly affected.

"Hehe, we will die a horrible death. When your imperial court wanted to destroy our Dragon Palace and chase after others, did you think of today? All of you will die a horrible death!"

Wang Xian moved his body and flew directly to the front of all the imperial court's disciples and powerhouses to intercept a space.

He swayed his body slightly and a phantom image of a dragon tail appeared behind him.

The dragon tail was hundreds of millions of kilometers long and attacked all the disciples of the imperial court directly.

"We, the Guardian elders, will fight it out with them. Fight it out with them and let the rest of the disciples escape. Otherwise, they will all die here!"

A guardian of the imperial court saw this scene and roared with a trembling body.

The speed of a celestial emperor was not something they could escape from.

Even if Wang Xian Wan flew over, he could still easily chase after them and arrive in front of their escape.

At this moment, only by restraining the Dragon King could the disciples of the imperial court escape.

Otherwise, it would not be something that could be solved with tens of billions of casualties.

That would mean hundreds of billions of deaths, which could destroy the foundation of the entire imperial court.

"Go all out and stop them. The rest of the disciples will escape!"

Nearly twenty guardians and nearly a hundred elders of the imperial court flew towards Wang Xian. Streams of energy shot towards the dragon's tail.

"Humph!"

Wang Xian snorted softly. His eyes were filled with intense killing intent.

"We'll pin down the other one as well!"

At the side, the remaining 20 guardians and 100 elders were attacking the light and dark avatar of the Heaven Formation.

"Ahhhh!"

The eyes of the great guardian of the Imperial Court of Light on the Divine Hall of light were blood-red. He was in a frenzy as he controlled the Divine Hall of light to attack the Heaven Formation's wind and thunder avatar with all his might.

In a short period of time, Wang Xian and the rest were pinned down by the Guardians of the elders of the imperial court!

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

However, at this moment, more than 300,000 experts from the Dragon Palace rushed over from the back.

There were 16 peak godly monarch stage and more than 100 level nine godly monarch stage experts.

They carried a terrifying might as they charged right in front of the disciples of the imperial court. They launched attacks one after another.

With the level nine godly monarch stage and peak godly monarch stage experts of the imperial court pinning down Wang Xian and the heaven array, they could not withstand the attacks at all.

"Ahhhhh!"

Screams of pain rang out continuously and even drowned out the roars.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The Endless Abyss seeds rushed into the crowd of the imperial court disciples, especially the peak-stage celestial king level-nine and peak-stage celestial king level-nine abyss seeds. Their speed was already much faster than the imperial court disciples.

They wreaked havoc and massacred!

The entire imperial court was completely defeated. Countless imperial court disciples died at the hands of the Dragon Palace and Abyss seeds.

More disciples flew out desperately.

"Roar! Dragon Palace, Dragon King, remember this. Remember what happened today. The imperial court will definitely slaughter all of you!"

"Roar!"

In the sky, the four celestial emperors who were entangled swept their gaze across the area below. Their Hearts were bleeding as they roared furiously.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled coldly. He waved his dragon claws and launched a violent attack at the group of Peak and level nine celestial emperors in front of him.

Every second, an elder of the imperial court would die at his hands.

"All the disciples of the imperial court, Escape from the Abyss and return to your own divine kingdom!"

An emperor of the imperial court ordered furiously.

"Imperial court, back then when you chased us for a few years, you were all high and mighty. Did you think of the situation today? All of this was planted by you!" RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Lan Qingyue's gaze swept past the four divine emperors of the imperial court as she spoke with an icy expression.

Did the disciples of the imperial court deserve to die?

They did not deserve to die!

But did the disciples of the Imperial Court not deserve to die?

They deserved to die!

This was because they were the disciples of the imperial court. Back then, they had chased after him, and their leader wanted to kill him.

A person in a high position could decide the life and death of billions of people. This was the scene before their eyes.

This was war.

The most damnable ones were the four celestial emperors of the imperial court!

Lan Qingyue's words made the four celestial emperors of the imperial court look extremely unsightly. Who would have thought that they would grow so fast and so terrifying!

"This... this... how could this be? How could this be?"

"Hiss, we've lost. The imperial court has lost. Our imperial court has actually lost."

"How could the Dragon Palace be so strong? Four Celestial Emperors! Four Celestial Emperors! The imperial court has lost!"

Outside the Abyss, a group of people who had come to watch the battle stared into the abyss with trembling bodies.

Countless disciples of the imperial court were fleeing frantically.

Countless disciples of the imperial court were being killed rapidly.

Countless disciples of the imperial court were screaming in pain.

They had been defeated, a great defeat!

They looked at the deaths of the disciples of the imperial court one by one, and at the death of Guardian elders. They felt that it was somewhat inconceivable.

The scene in front of them made them feel fear and Panic!

Some of them couldn't help but fall to the ground and watch in a daze.

At this moment, they had completely lost their high-spirited attitude.

The clamor of destroying the Dragon Palace, destroying the Dragon King, and cutting off the Dragon King's head completely disappeared.

It was like hell in front of them. They stood at the edge of Hell and watched the scene inside with fear in their hearts.

"No, no, no, the imperial court is the strongest. How is this possible?"

"It's over, it's over. How can the Dragon Palace be so strong?"

"I'm going crazy, I'm going crazy. Once the imperial court fails, the Abyss will continue to expand, and the humans in the imperial star area might be completely wiped out!"

Some people were holding their artificial intelligence cameras and recording the battle in front of them.

In front of the artificial intelligence cameras, those who were commenting on various questions and replying to the messages excitedly felt their scalps go numb at this moment.

Through the video, they could feel the tragedy inside.

The sudden defeat.

The sudden outbreak of the Dragon Palace caught everyone unprepared.

"How many experts of the imperial court will die in this battle?"

Some people murmured and couldn't help but swallow their saliva.

Slowly, the people watching the battle in front of the Abyss quieted down. They looked forward with pale faces and cold sweat on their foreheads.

This battle was the death of the imperial court.

At the same time, the power of the Dragon Palace hit the faces of everyone in the imperial star area.