Chapter 2807: god-exterminating emperor occupied the center of the imperial court

"Don't force me!"

When the Emperor of the imperial court, who was known as Old Yan, heard their words, his pupils almost bled. He looked like he was looking at Wang Xian and the rest of them crazily as he roared.

"Hehe, so what if I force you? You're dead meat today!"

The Dragon King stared at him with eyes filled with killing intent.

"If I can't kill you today, My Heaven Formation can commit suicide!"

Heaven Formation narrowed its eyes slightly. The two clones next to it formed a triangle and surrounded it.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

The abyss seed of the Flaming Celestial Emperor with huge wings swept past Wang Xian and the rest. It let out a low roar and stared at the Celestial Emperor of the imperial court with bloodthirsty eyes.

This was not the first time it had hunted the celestial emperor together with Wang Xian and the rest.

"Lead the battlefield to the location near the exit."

"Old Yan, forgive us for not being able to help. We must escape at all costs."

In the sky, the leader of the imperial court, who was shrouded in light, shouted with an extremely embarrassed expression.

As he spoke, he led the battlefield towards the exit of the Abyss.

At this moment, they did not dare to give their all to help. However, they could not escape from this place either.

Otherwise, if they escaped, eight of them would surround and attack one of them. They could easily kill old Yan.

They could only lead little blue's small house and the others to the edge of the abyss. This was also to prevent them from immediately surrounding and attacking another person after old Yan was destroyed.

What they could do was to help old Yan pin down the other three.

Once Old Yan fell, they would also escape.

This was their best option at the moment.

"Kill!"

Old Yan also knew his current situation. If he wanted to survive, he could only rely on himself to kill.

He charged at Wang Xian with a furious expression.

In his opinion, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was the best place to break through.

"HMPH!"

Wang Xian saw him charging at him and snorted coldly. His face was filled with a cold expression.

He curled his arm and a dragon claw appeared. He attacked Wang Xian directly.

"Get lost!"

Lao Yan's eyes were blood red. He waved his arm and a flaming spear appeared. He attacked the Dragon Claw directly.

"Bang!"

A terrifying collision sound was heard. Wang Xian and Lao Yan paused for a moment.

"Roar!"

However, Lao Yan's face turned red the next moment. He charged forward and transformed into a flaming spear.

The flaming spear carried an endless amount of power as though it was about to pierce through Wang Xian.

"HMPH, the five elements revolve, Earth!"

Wang Xian snorted coldly. His body shook and a five elements millstone appeared above his head.

The millstone revolved and numerous city walls appeared in front of Wang Xian.

"Hehe, you really don't put us in your eyes."

At the side, the Heaven Formation waved its arms. One formation after another condensed and covered old Yan directly.

One trapping formation and two attacking formations. Even if he wanted to risk his life to escape, it was impossible.

The dark cage completely surrounded him.

Old Yan's flaming spear landed on Wang Xian's defense.

The powerful attack caused cracks to appear on the earthy yellow city wall. However, that was all.

"Not good!"

Old Yan's heart pounded violently when he saw this scene.

In a one-on-one situation, it would be extremely difficult for him to fight against the Dragon King in front of him.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, the two attacks from the sky array had already covered him.

This made his heart sink.

"Falcon Divine Spear!"

He gritted his teeth and roared. A divine spear that was three meters long appeared behind him.

The light from the falcon divine spear shone brightly. A flaming divine eagle soared into the air and met the two attacks from the sky array.

Boom

CHIRP CHIRP

As the attack went over, a mournful sound rang out. The entire falcon divine spear dimmed significantly.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

At this moment, the flaming divine emperor's abyssal seed attacked and pounced towards him.

"Ah!"

His face was red as he waved his long spear. Bringing along vast energy, he swept towards the flaming divine emperor's abyssal seed.

Boom

However, when he was attacking, Wang Xian's dragon claw flew towards the sky above him and attacked him directly.

Boom

PFFT

Old Yan barely managed to block the inferno celestial emperor's abyssal seed. However, he was suppressed by the might of the Dragon Claw. His entire body flew downwards as he spat out a large amount of blood.

Even his body disintegrated in an instant and slowly healed.

"Not good, not good. Emperor God great ancestor Yan is being besieged by the Dragon Palace. He's at a disadvantage now!"

"Our Emperor God great ancestor Yan is in danger. He's in danger. What should we do? What should we do?" RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Even the other three great ancestors can't do anything. What can we do? I hope great ancestor can escape!"

More than a dozen people were floating in the sky outside the abyss. They were the protectors and elders of the imperial court.

They were also the only ones who did not immediately flee.

They looked at the situation in the Abyss, their hearts beating violently, and they growled in an extremely embarrassed voice.

Who could have thought that this would be the case?

Even a great ancestor was in danger now, and they might not even be able to walk out of the abyss...

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At the battlefield, the sky array once again released three incomparably powerful formations, attacking old Yan.

"Ah!"

Lao Yan's injuries had yet to recover. When he saw the three terrifying attacks, he raised the Falcon Divine Spear in the air with blood-red eyes to defend himself.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

"Pu! Pu! Pu!"

The tremendous force caused the brilliance of the falcon divine spear to completely disappear. Waves of force were transmitted down. He spat out a large amount of blood and his arm was slowly torn apart.

"Five elements great mill, annihilate!"

Wang Xian didn't give him the chance to react. A grayish river of annihilation swept towards him.

"Hahaha, Emperor, you guys should leave. I Can't hold on anymore. I Can't hold on anymore!"

"Emperor, you must avenge me. You must kill all of them!"

Old Yan's face was filled with despair when he saw the attacks coming one after another.

How could he defend against them? There was no way he could defend against them!

His face was ferocious, and he roared in an incomparably mournful manner.

"Roar, Old Yan, don't Worry!"

"I will chop off all their heads as a sacrifice for your spirit in heaven!"

"I will destroy all of them, all of them, I swear on my life!"

When the Emperor Lord, who was shrouded in the light of the imperial court, Heard Old Yan's words, his body trembled.

Even though he could already foresee this situation, he was still extremely furious at this moment. The killing intent in his chest soared to the clouds.

He gritted his teeth and swore.

"Hahaha, good, good, good!"

"I'll wait for you guys below!"

Old Yan's eyes were filled with despair as he laughed out loud. His gaze swept across Wang Xian and the rest.

He smiled sinisterly and stopped resisting.

Buzz

"You should wait for the people from the imperial court to accompany you!"

Wang Xian extended his dragon claws and clawed at his body.

The Dragon Claws covered his body and clenched tightly. The energy that was extinguished rushed into his body.

A celestial emperor from the Imperial Court had lost his life force!