Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2812: god Slayer Emperor occupied the center of the imperial court

Three important pieces of information spread throughout the imperial star area and the entire AI.

When everyone saw these three pieces of information, they were all stunned.

This was especially so for the citizens of the imperial court. They felt their bodies go numb and their eyes go black.

"The imperial court actually decided to retreat. Moreover, they only led their elites and core disciples to retreat. The ordinary citizens told them to stay here!"

"Hiss, the news of the Dragon Palace and the abyssal seed rushing over has just broken out, and the imperial court is going to evacuate. This..."

"Only the core disciples and elite disciples followed them to flee. What about the rest of the imperial court?"? "Those are abyssal seeds. They have no reason, only blood and thirst for blood. Without the protection of the experts of the imperial court, they might be swallowed by the abyssal seed!"

"Is the imperial court going to abandon ordinary people and only protect the lives of elite disciples? This is too cold-hearted!"

"This time, the imperial court could not resist the invasion of the dragon palace and countless abyssal seeds. If they could not resist, it was impossible for them to take all the people of the imperial court away. This is a population of several trillion people. How could they take all of them away? Therefore, it was expected that the imperial court would choose to give up some of them."

"I'm afraid that the people who were abandoned will be doomed. Abyssal seeds are bloodthirsty. Alas, I'm afraid that a disaster is coming."

Some people were discussing and analyzing on the AI.

The ordinary people in the imperial court's territory felt a little disappointed and despairing.

They had become abandoned children and people abandoned by the imperial court.

Their future was probably doomed. After all, they were abyssal seeds.

The ordinary people in the imperial court's territory wanted to escape to other places in fear.

But since they were all ordinary people, it proved that they were not very strong.

With their strength, where could they escape to?

This made many timid people collapse.

It was impossible for the trillions of people in the imperial court's territory to escape.

Now they could only wait for the arrival of fate. They did not know whether they were alive or dead.

However, there was one thing that they had already felt cold toward the imperial court. They had lost their sense of belonging to the imperial court.

That was because the imperial court did not put them in their eyes at all.

Countless people began to question the imperial court on the artificial intelligence system.

At this time, someone asked some questions.

The female owner of the Behemoth system was a human. Why was she an enemy of the imperial court?

The female owner said that the imperial court had been hunting them for years and had almost died several times. Now, they were taking revenge. Was this true?

Was it true that the Dragon King said that the imperial court wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace?

The first and second points might not be confirmed, but the third point was that the Dragon Palace said that the imperial court wanted to destroy them, but it was speculated that it might be true.

The world margin sect broke the rules and attacked the disciples of the Dragon Palace. The imperial court protected the world margin sect!

The night God Emperor directly killed the disciple of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, but the imperial court ignored it. It was obvious that they were also siding with the night clan.

From all these points of view, if the imperial court did not have a problem with the Dragon Palace, they would have come out to stop it.

No matter how strong the night emperor was, he had to give face to the imperial court. Even if the imperial court said that they would not kill the disciple of the Dragon King, the night emperor would not dare to do so.

There were so many people that many people in the imperial court thought that it was because the imperial court wanted to destroy the Dragon Palace that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace would take revenge.

And this kind of voice was increasing.

The reason for this was that the court of Emperor had abandoned the ordinary people.

A few trillion people, even one percent of them were dissatisfied with the court of Emperor's actions, was enough to cause a great commotion.

If the court of Emperor didn't treat them as their own people, why would they speak up for the court of Emperor?

Especially when it was related to their own lives.

The entire AI seemed to be in a riot. Countless people in the court of Emperor's domain were sending out all kinds of messages, and there were even many people who were cursing at the court of Emperor.

"Great Guardian, the AI is in complete chaos now. I heard that some planets are also in chaos."

"Many people are dissatisfied with our actions."

In the sky above the central area of the imperial court, countless divine kingdoms floated and there were countless disciples of the imperial court around them.

At the very front, a guardian said to the great guardian.

"Ignore them. Our Foundation is not that of these ordinary people. They can shout as they wish. After half a month, when we return, they will still have to obey."

The great protector of the imperial court said coldly.

The people beside him nodded slightly and scanned their surroundings.

All the disciples of the imperial court were preparing to bring their divine kingdoms and family members to escape.

"Weng!"

Not long after, three vast figures appeared in the void in front of them.

When the protectors saw this, they immediately flew over.

"Great Ancestor!"

They respectfully called out.

"En!"

The leader of the imperial court faintly nodded as he looked at everything below.

Today was a humiliation to the imperial court.

"It's a pity that our imperial court's Island can not be taken away."

The god Emperor on the right said.

"It doesn't matter if we take it or not. We'll be back in half a month at most."

The god Emperor on the left said faintly.

"I hope the Dragon Palace doesn't destroy this place. Otherwise, I'll make them suffer thousands of tortures."

The god Emperor on the right looked at the vast buildings below. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The imperial court island was too huge. Even if they were god emperors, they couldn't take it away.

They would not be able to take away the buildings on it.

They would not even be able to take away the grotto-heaven and blessed land here.

However, it did not matter. They would return in half a month.

"I hope that the experts from the Magus Union will arrive as soon as possible."

Around them, the imperial court's Protectors and experts clenched their fists and said.

"Get Ready, evacuate!"

It took a full day for the imperial court's disciples and experts to finish packing up.

There were too many people!

There were also too many things to bring.

Above the imperial court's Island, there were countless divine kingdoms floating in the air.

Every divine kingdom was exuding a powerful might.

When the order to retreat sounded, the entire group flew in the direction of the Heaven Magus region.

Three Divine Emperors were in the lead.

Today, the imperial court was like a stray dog.

This scene was transmitted to the AI by some people.

This scene caused countless people to be shocked.

"Dragon King, the people from the imperial court have escaped."

In the void of the imperial court's domain, on Xiao Lan's body, Prime Minister Gui looked at the AI in his hand and said with a smile.

"What a wise choice."

Wang Xian smiled and opened the AI to take a look.

When he saw some of the contents, he smiled.

This was especially so for the people in the imperial court's domain who were disappointed by the imperial court's comments and replies.

"Prime Minister Gui, I would like to release a message in the name of the Dragon Palace."

"The Dragon Palace will not kill the ordinary people. At the same time, the Dragon Palace will restrict the abyss species from killing the ordinary people!"

"In addition, tell us all about the grudges between the Dragon Palace, Qing Yue, and the imperial court."

Wang Xian said faintly.

There was an old saying on earth that said, "Those who win the hearts of the people will rule the world."Although it was not suitable in this universe where the strong preyed on the weak, Wang Xian did not want to be reviled by the humans in the imperial star field.

Winning the hearts of the people would bring great benefits in the long run.