Chapter 2813: god-exterminating emperor occupied the center of the imperial court

"The Dragon Palace has issued a statement on the AI. Look, the Dragon Palace has issued a statement."

At this moment, order was in disorder on the planets in the chaotic imperial court. Someone wanted to teleport to the demon island through the teleportation array.

In everyone's eyes, the most dangerous place was the imperial court.

However, at this moment, someone suddenly saw a statement from the Dragon Palace on the AI.

After seeing this statement, they were slightly stunned, and their faces revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

"Let's not run away, let's not run away. The Dragon Palace has issued a statement. They will not kill the innocent, but will also restrain the abyssal seed."

"The Dragon Palace has issued a statement: the Dragon Palace will lead the abyssal seed army to attack the imperial court. They will not harm the ordinary people, and at the same time, they will restrain the abyssal seed from hunting and killing humans.".

"In addition, the imperial court has always favored the horizon sect and the night clan. Because of the existence of the night God Emperor, the imperial court has decided to destroy the Dragon Palace after the end of the Abyss War. Everyone should be clear about some things.

"In addition, the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace, the current mistress of the Behemoth System, was chased by the imperial court after she accidentally left the Dragon Palace a few years ago. She fled for three years and was forced into the Abyss to establish the Behemoth System.

"The Dragon Palace has a great enmity with the imperial court. We Won't stop until one side is destroyed."

When the others heard that the Dragon Palace suddenly made a statement, they were stunned and immediately opened their artificial intelligence to check.

When they saw the information on it, everyone in the imperial court looked extremely excited.

"The Dragon Palace will restrain the abyssal seed. That's good, that's good. That way, our lives won't be in danger."

"I see. No wonder the Dragon Palace and the imperial court will fight to the death. It turns out that the imperial court wants to destroy the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace is actually being hunted by the imperial court."

"That woman of the giant beast is able to control two huge divine emperors. I didn't expect it to be the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace, the wife of the Dragon King."

"No wonder the abyssal seed suddenly attacked us. It turns out that the imperial court wants to destroy the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace, and it's the Dragon Queen's Revenge. All of this disaster was caused by the imperial court."

"Support the Dragon Palace, kill the imperial court, kill them, F * ck!"

The people in the imperial court's domain discussed and replied with pleasant surprise.

Some of the irritable people and those who were dissatisfied with the imperial court started to support the Dragon Palace directly.

Most of the people were relieved that the dragon palace forbade the abyssal seed to kill them.

At the same time, they also understood some of the grudges between the Imperial Court and the Dragon Palace and the abyssal seed.

If the statement made by the Dragon Palace was true, then the disaster this time was entirely caused by the imperial court itself.

"Great Guardian, the Dragon Palace actually made a statement on the AI to win over the People's hearts. Should we delete their information?"

At this moment, in a starry sky of the imperial court, the mighty void that stretched for hundreds of millions of miles was filled with the powerhouses and disciples of the imperial court.

An elder flew to the front of the great protector of the imperial court and said with a gloomy face.

"HMM? Don't worry about it. Deleting it directly will only make things worse. Our imperial court has stood in the imperial star field for more than 600 million years. As long as we return, these are trivial matters. How can the Dragon Palace be shaken in a short time?"

The great protector of the imperial court said with a cold face.

The other protectors also nodded slightly.

They didn't take the Dragon Palace's statement seriously at all.

They had more than 600 million years of foundation in the Imperial Star area. As long as they could return, some information on the artificial intelligence system would disappear immediately.

"Some stupid things. After we return, use the artificial intelligence system to find them and send them to work on the spirit vein planet one by one."

However, a few protectors looked at some of the information on the artificial intelligence system and said with cold faces.

Although they didn't care about some dead fish and rotten shrimps, they were already in a bad mood. After they decided to get rid of the Dragon Palace, they would let the disciples of the imperial court deal with these people who spoke nonsense on the artificial intelligence system. They would let them know the consequences.

The artificial intelligence system was in an uproar. The strong disciples of the imperial court quickly evacuated.

Meanwhile, the Dragon Palace was getting closer and closer to the center of the imperial court.

After dozens of hours, Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the front of the island of the imperial court.

The island of the imperial court was the largest island in the entire imperial star field. It would take a peak king God expert one month to fly from one side to the other.

How vast was this place?

The entire island of the imperial court was a huge treasure trove.

It had a lot of heavenly paradises and blessed lands. Under the island, there were countless spirit stones and divine stones.

The Spiritual Qi on it was very abundant. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

As the base of a massive force that had been established in the imperial star area for more than 600 million years, how could their territory be ordinary.

At this moment, there weren't many people on the Imperial Court Island. It was a little austere.

Those who could live on the imperial court island were all the core disciples and elite disciples of the imperial court.

Not to mention the inner island of the island, which could only be entered by powerhouses above the godly monarch level.

Little Blue gradually flew to the sky above the imperial court island and looked down at the entire landscape.

"This imperial court island can be ranked first in the entire bright starry sky."

Heaven Array said while staring at the location below with sparkling eyes.

"Let's go to the center and check if there are any traps on the island first. Also, take over their vast palace."

"The imperial court didn't destroy any of the treasures here. They probably thought that they would be able to take back this place in half a month."

Wang Xian glanced down and said with a smile.

"It's impossible to take it back. Dragon King, I'll go to the center and take a look first."

Heaven array smiled and moved his body. He looked directly at the vast palace in the center.

"Qingyue, get Xiao Lan's little house to suppress the abyssal seed. Let's go and take a look."

When they approached the Inner Island in the center, Wang Xian said to Lan Qingyue.

"Alright!"

Lan qingyue nodded and immediately instructed Xiao Lan's little house.

"Let's go. Let's fly down. The Imperial Court's lair is very beautiful and vast."

Soon, Wang Xian led Lan Qingyue and the rest towards the vast palace below.

The mountain peaks, flowing water, and white clouds were extremely beautiful.

The entire inner island of the imperial court could be compared to a large planet.

Wang Xian followed the fluctuation of the spiritual energy and arrived at the blessed lands of the imperial court. He checked out the various treasured lands.

The entire island of the imperial court was extremely huge. Even the location of the vast palace in the center was huge.

It took him a full two hours to browse through all of them.

The entire vast palace was majestic and magnificent. This was the most stunning palace that Wang Xian had ever seen.

"Dragon King, there's a blessed land here. It's located below the mountain peak of the vast palace."

At this moment, the voice of the Heaven Array suddenly sounded.