Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2814: heaven-defying battle 1

"Oh?"

When Wang Xian heard the words of the heaven's formation, he flew to his side.

"Dragon King, it's over here. This should be an extremely important grotto-heaven blessed land of the imperial court."

The heaven's formation moved and brought him to the back.

At the back of the mountain, there were unending mountain peaks with palaces built on them.

This was a fairyland, a true fairyland.

"Dragon King, it's Here!"

Soon, they arrived in front of a mountain peak. On the mountain peak, the Emperor God Palace was written.

There was an entrance at the bottom. When the two of them entered, they were immediately greeted by a vast aura.

"This is?"

Wang Xian stared at the location below, his eyes flashing.

"Dragon King, this is the void God country, a huge void God country."

Tian Chen said with a smile as he looked around.

"If I'm not wrong, this should be a second rank void God Emperor Void God Nation."

"The Master of the God nation might have already fallen. The entire God nation is located above a god vein."

"The entire God vein nourishes this void God Nation."

"Within this god nation, it is easier to break through. The cultivation speed is only slightly slower than the current Dragon Palace."

"This void God country is definitely a supreme treasure. It is not of much use to us, but to Ao crab and the others, it is an opportunity for them to break through. Dragon King, this is a pleasant surprise for us."

The heaven array was slightly excited.

A rank two void God Emperor God country was not of much use to him, but he knew that to Ao crab and the devouring dragon, it was extremely precious.

Ao crab had devoured the Void Divine Kingdom of the night God Emperor not long ago. However, a level one divine kingdom of the void God Emperor was not enough to increase his strength.

There was still one more to go.

And this level two divine kingdom of the void God Emperor was equivalent to ten level one void God emperors.

In other words, just this level two divine kingdom of the void God Emperor was enough to increase the combat strength of five devouring dragons to level one divine emperor.

"Have you checked inside? is the entire divine kingdom intact?"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up as he asked immediately.

"Dragon King, there are some flaws in the divine kingdom. This is a light-attributed void kingdom. It is obvious that some of the treasures in the divine kingdom have been taken away. Even so, it shouldn't be a problem for the three devouring dragons to increase their combat strength to celestial thearch."

Heaven Array said with a smile on his face.

"Alright, Alright, Alright. Three is already a lot!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with excitement as he laughed out loud.

"Dragon King, I have pretty much investigated the entire central island. Next, I will build a large-scale array formation on each and every divine vein and spirit vein. Time is a little tight. I will go and set it up immediately."

The Heaven Array Formation immediately said.

"Yes, Go!"

Wang Xian nodded. His body moved and he immediately flew out.

"Ao crab!"

He shouted softly and summoned Ao crab over.

When ao crab learned that there was a level two divine kingdom of the void God realm here, he walked horizontally in excitement and pounced into the divine kingdom to start devouring it.

"Little Xian, this imperial court is simply too beautiful. There is an ocean here and there are many islands in this ocean. It is too beautiful. After we occupy this place, we can move the main dragon palace here."

Lan qingyue flew over and pointed in a direction as she spoke to Wang Xian.

"I'll go over and take a look."

Wang Xian smiled and looked to the right.

On the right, there was an ocean. The entire ocean wasn't very big. It had a radius of hundreds of millions of kilometers and there were many islands on it.

Every Island was exceptionally beautiful.

"This place is really beautiful. We can rest and play here in the future."

"Shu Qing and the rest will be overjoyed if they know."

Lan Qingyue said with a smile on her face.

After staying in the Abyss for a few years, this place was like heaven to her.

"Alright, I will build a dragon palace here. Tell them to come over immediately."

Wang Xian smiled and moved his body, entering the ocean directly.

It was easy to build a dragon palace and it was done in no time.

"You take care of the matters here. I'll go and call Shu Qing and the rest."

Lan Qingyue said happily and left through the teleportation formation immediately.

"Prime Minister Gui."

Wang Xian called Prime Minister Gui over.

"Dragon King, I'm making a map of the imperial court island. The map of the central island has been completed."

Prime Minister Gui came to the Dragon Palace and said with a smile.

"Yes. Let all the disciples familiarize themselves with the central island. In the future, this is also the place where the disciples of the Dragon Palace are active. After I have complete control over it, I will transfer the main dragon palace to this place."

Wang Xian nodded. "In the next few days, you must check the situation in the surrounding void and prepare for the upcoming battle."

"Yes, Dragon King. I will go and prepare now."

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

Wang Xian stood up and flew out as well. He continued to browse the situation of the central island of the imperial court and the vast palace.

Time passed day by day. The Dragon Palace had a thorough understanding of the central island.

Lan Qingyue and the other girls began to play around under the leadership of the Empress Star and her mother.

The central island of the imperial court was less than one-twentieth of the places that the Empress Star had visited.

This made the girls very happy.

The only pity was that the entire central island was deserted and there were very few people.

However, under Feng Luan's leadership, the girls had already begun to think about how to develop this place in the future. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

On the intelligence system, everyone already knew that the dragon palace and the abyssal seed had already entered the imperial court island.

The abyssal seed did not riot, which made everyone feel completely at ease.

They did not know what the Dragon Palace was doing on the imperial court island.

However, some people guessed that the dragon palace might be preparing to fight to the death with the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association on the Imperial Court Island.

This made many people talk about the upcoming battle.

Would the Dragon Palace and the Witch Formation Association destroy them?

Many people thought highly of the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association.

More accurately, they thought highly of the Witch Formation Association.

The Witch Formation Association ranked in the top three among the seven forces in the starry sky tens of millions of years ago.

Because of the Battle of the Fallen Emperor, their ranking dropped immediately.

In that case, they were still stronger than the imperial court and were still extremely terrifying.

Tens of millions of years ago, they had been able to destroy the Tianchen divine emperor. Now, the Tianchen Divine Emperor hadn't recovered to his peak, and he was even able to destroy him.

The entire imperial star area was paying attention to the war that was going to happen in half a month.

No one was cursing the Dragon Palace in the artificial intelligence system.

Whether it was the people in the other parts of the imperial star area or the people in the imperial court's territory, they all knew that this was the enmity between the imperial court and the Dragon Palace.

It had nothing to do with the ordinary people.

The Dragon Palace hadn't hurt the ordinary people, and the imperial court had abandoned them. Naturally, they wouldn't show any favoritism.

In their opinion, the winner and loser wouldn't have much impact on the ordinary people.