Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2815: heaven-defying battle 2

"Station in this void!"

In the vast void to the north of the imperial court, there was an extremely huge team that spanned hundreds of millions of kilometers. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

At the front, an order was given and everyone immediately stopped.

At the very front was a palace that spanned hundreds of kilometers. At this moment, the palace was emitting light.

At the center of the palace, the three celestial thearchs of the imperial court were standing there.

In front of them stood six figures. Beside them, there were dozens of people standing respectfully behind them.

The figures in front of the three celestial thearchs of the imperial court were not real. This group of figures was currently located in the distant Heaven Magus region.

"We have already confirmed that that is the celestial thearch of Heaven Array."

The six figures in front of them were dressed in uniform black clothes. On their chests was written the word 'shaman'.

At that moment, the six figures had ugly expressions as they stood there with embarrassed expressions.

The Heaven Array God Emperor was not dead yet.

When this news reached them, their heads buzzed and their expressions were extremely embarrassed.

Especially the middle-aged man on the left, his expression was even uglier.

Back then, Sky Formation was the most powerful existence in the Sky Wizard region. He wasn't a member of the Wizard Association, but he was able to contend against the entire Wizard Association by himself.

Sky Formation's path was the same as the Wizard Association's path -- to become a wizard.

His relationship with the Wizard Association wasn't very bad. On the contrary, it was very good.

The existence of the sky array was also the reason why the Witch Formation Society was powerful among the forces in the resplendent starry sky.

Later, when they learned that the sky array god Emperor had obtained a supreme treasure related to wizards in the eight wastelands, they could not help but be greedy.

That battle had caused great damage to the Witch Formation Society.

It was to the extent that they had not fully recovered until now.

Now that they knew that Tianchen was still alive, they felt their scalps go numb.

With their grudges, a great battle was unavoidable.

However, what made them slightly relieved was that Tianchen god-emperor had yet to recover to his peak.

"Naturally, we won't lie to the Witch Formation Association. Wizards, now that we are enemies with Tianchen God-emperor, he is currently staying in a faction of the Dragon Palace. He has colluded with the abyss seed and the Dragon Palace in the Abyss. Tianchen, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, and the two giant beast war pets of the Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace are both at the god-emperor level."

"One of the giant beast war pets has the strength of a Tier 2 divine emperor. Other than them, there are two other divine emperor-level abyss seeds. In addition, the Sky Formation Divine Emperor is very strange. According to our guesses, these three avatars are all the sky formation divine emperor."

As the monarch spoke, he waved his arm, and three figures appeared -- the Five Elements Sky Formation, the Wind Thunder Sky Formation, and the Light Darkness Sky Formation.

"This is?"

The Magus lord of the Magus Union, who called himself a magus, stared at the figures of the three heavenly formation god-emperors. His eyes widened, and they kept changing.

"That's a dragon's head. It's a dragon's head, a dragon's head that's exactly the same as the Divine Dragon!"

"This... What great fortune did this heavenly formation obtain? Legend has it that the gold ancestor Magus had two golden dragons under his feet, the wood ancestor Magus had two azure dragons under his feet, and the fire ancestor Magus had two fire dragons under his feet. Divine dragon phenomenon, ancestral magus trait?"

A god Emperor of the Magus Union could not help but growl.

"Divine Dragon Phenomenon! Ancestral Sorcerer's special characteristics!"

The dozens of people behind him raised their heads and looked at him in a daze.

"Monarch, in seven days, we will arrive at the Imperial Star Field. At that time, we will destroy them."

"Use all the strength of our Magus Union!"

The Magus Union's breathing quickened as he spoke.

"Good. Now that we've been forced into the boundless void by the Dragon Palace, we should be able to meet up in five days."

The monarch immediately said.

"Okay, we'll go prepare immediately."

The wizard nodded heavily. With a wave of his arm, their figures disappeared.

"Monarch, the Wizard Association is very afraid of the Tianchen Celestial Emperor."

After their figures disappeared, a celestial emperor beside the monarch revealed a smile.

"Heavenly Array's celestial emperor is too powerful. Back then, he swept through the Heaven Magus region's eight desolates domain. Furthermore, Heavenly Array's celestial emperor seemed to have obtained some fortuitous encounter. His head and arms all have the appearance of a divine dragon. It's quite mystical."

"Legend has it that several ancestral magi possess the divine dragon phenomenon."

The monarch's eyes flickered as he said.

"We'll wait here quietly. Five days later, the Magus Union will arrive. Seven days later, we'll destroy the Dragon Palace and the others."

He murmured, and a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Time passed quietly, and waves of terrifying power spread out from a mountain range in the imperial court.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Excited roars came from a cave.

Soon after, three huge creatures crawled out from the cave.

They had razor-sharp claws and ferocious heads. They were emitting a ferocious aura.

Ao he and the rest had broken through!

"Xiao Xian, that place is the training ground that I entered after I became the empress. I broke through to the godly monarch realm there."

The Empress was floating in the sky with a surprised expression as she spoke to Wang Xian.

"That place is indeed a treasure land!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly and looked at Ao he and the rest.

"Roar!"

"Dragon King!"

Ao he and the rest flew over with excitement and respect.

"Let's go back to the Dragon Palace to get used to it."

Wang Xian smiled and said to them.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Ao he nodded and immediately flew towards the Dragon Palace.

"Little Xian, AO qitian and the rest in the Dragon Palace should be almost done with their advancement, right?"

Lan Qingyue stood at the side and asked Wang Xian.

"Yes, almost done. We will be able to succeed tomorrow. After Tomorrow, the people from the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association should be arriving soon."

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and said with a cold gaze.

"As long as we fend off their attacks, this starry sky will be ours. Hehe!"

The imperial star field was abnormally excited.

She was born here and had deep feelings for this place.

Moreover, once the Dragon Palace took control of this place, her status as an imperial star lady would not be comparable to that of the previous Imperial Star Ladies.

With her relationship with the Dragon King and the Dragon Queens, the Dragon Palace Divine Emperors were very polite to her.

In the future, she would be the true eldest miss of the Imperial Star Field.

How fun would it be to hold a concert with Yinxuan and travel around the world?

"Let's go back to the Dragon Palace. Let's Get Ready."

Wang Xian patted celestial emperor's head and flew toward the Dragon Palace with a smile.

"Is this another tempo?"

Lan Qingyue looked at Celestial Emperor, then at the group of girls beside her and asked with a smile.

"More or less."

Tang Yinxuan smiled at the side.

"What are you guys talking about?"

Di Xingnu looked at Lan Qingyue, Tang Yinxuan, and the others, puzzled.

"It's nothing. Let's go, my benefactor Goddess."

Lan qingyue smiled and held di Xingnu's arm.

Di Xingnu could be considered her and Lingxiu's benefactor. If it weren't for her, they might have died in that chase.

Therefore, their relationship with di Xingnu was very good.