Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2816: heaven-defying battle 3

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

In the main Dragon Palace in the depths of the abyss, all the leaders of the Dragon Palace were standing respectfully in front of them.

Among them, the ones with the strongest aura were Tian Cheng, AO qitian, Ao Qi, ao Yao, Ao Xingmu, Ba Qi, Mo Sha, and the three devouring dragons!

They were already existences at the divine emperor level.

Heaven array alone was equivalent to three. Including Ao Yao, the nine of them, and Wang Xian, there were a total of 13.

Including little blue, there were a total of 15.

15 void God emperors.

This was the current strength of the Dragon Palace.

This strength far surpassed the previous imperial court.

Even if it was a one-on-one fight against the Witch Association, the Dragon Palace was not afraid.

"The final battle is about to begin. We can not lose this battle."

Wang Xian looked at the members of the Dragon Palace and said with a solemn expression.

"It's the Dragon King!"

The members of the Dragon Palace immediately roared.

"Next, let's discuss the matter of the battle."

Wang Xian said.

"Dragon King, currently, we have a 60% chance of winning this battle. The Heaven Array Formation has been set up. After testing, it can fight against eight first level void God realm experts."

"Activate the formation. The trapping formation, illusion formation, and defensive formation can completely tie down the eight god Emperors."

"And on the side of the imperial court's Wizard Coven, one God Emperor can be equivalent to two. Other than the wizard from the Wizard Coven, the sky array can tie down all of them. Two God emperors and Abyss seeds can tie down the two god Emperors of the imperial court. We only need to deal with two rank two void God Emperor Emperor emperors and wizards. Wizard little blue can completely fight against them, while the god Emperor needs us to fight against them. The ten God emperors of our Dragon Palace can completely fight against the imperial court's God Emperor."

"We can even spare a divine emperor to fight against some special powerful divine weapons of the imperial court and the Wizard Association."

"The explosion of the blazing divine star on our side can be comparable to a rank one divine emperor. It Won't be much of a problem just to defend."

Prime Minister Gui said confidently.

After all, defense and offense were two different concepts.

Apart from that, there were also countless abyssal seeds. This was a power that could not be underestimated.

"Before the start of the Great War, the eight malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent malevolent

Tianchen looked at the eight-limbed demon and said.

"Jie Jie Jie, next you see the power of our Venom Horned Dragon."

Said Octavia with a smile and a slight tilt of his head.

"Dragon King!"

Just then, outside the Dragon King's palace, ao shrimp shouted and immediately came in.

"Reporting to the Dragon King, the thorned dragon has sent news that the imperial court and the members of the Witch Formation Association have met up. They should be coming toward us soon."

Ao shrimp reported.

"Have they already started?"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered as he stood up slowly.

"Dragon King, since they are coming this way, we should prepare to take action as well."

The eight-limbed demonic fiend said immediately.

"Alright, you guys go and get ready."

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and nodded.

... RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Are these the members of the Witch Formation Association?"

"Hiss, they are so terrifying. Are the few at the front space beasts? What a powerful force!"

"The row at the front are all riding on extremely powerful godly King War Beasts. There... There are at least 100,000 of them, right?"

"So powerful. The Magus Union controls such a powerful trading company as the Magus Beast Pavilion. Even after experiencing the fallen emperor battle, they are still incomparably terrifying!"

At that moment, everyone from the imperial court looked towards the northern void in unison.

At the front row, nine flags were suspended high in the starry sky.

Nine flags, nine colors, each corresponding to nine elemental colors.

There was only one word on the flags, Wu!

In the front row, there were many extremely powerful experts riding on God King level battle pets.

In the center, there were two giant elephants and two golden elephants.

The light they emitted contained a terrifying might.

Each giant elephant was dozens of kilometers in size. With such a body size, it was a space behemoth.

Behind the elephant, there were six divine thrones. On each of the thrones sat a middle-aged man.

Their bodies were not covered in light. They were wearing ordinary black clothes with the word 'shaman'written on them.

It could be seen that they were loyal believers of the shaman.

And behind the six divine thrones, there was an army.

This army looked very strange. It had the wings of a bird.

Human-headed Beast God!

Mechanical Arm!

Long and sharp tail!

The third eye and even the entire arm were eyes!

Wait a minute.

There were all kinds of strange people. They were wizards who were chasing after powerful strength and had yet to enter the gate of witchcraft.

This was the famous Wizard Corps of the Witch Formation Association.

Beside the Wizard Corps were figures dressed in black robes.

There were not many of them, only a few tens of thousands of them.

However, they were the dark corps that the Heaven Magus region feared. They were also known as the curses and poisons!

There were not many of them. There were about 400,000 of them, and with the war beasts, there were 500,000 of them.

All of them were at the god King level.

This was the absolute core of the formation Magus Union.

"Magus!"

The monarch swept his gaze across the members of the Success Wizard Association, and his heart trembled slightly. The success Wizard Association that had experienced the fall of the monarch battle was still so terrifying.

"Monarch."

The Magus in the center of the divine seat slowly stood up, and his gaze swept across everyone in the imperial court.

"Go straight over."

He said faintly.

"Do we need to discuss this?"

The monarch hesitated for a moment before speaking.

"I'll have to trouble you all to come over, please lead the way."

The Magus pondered for a while before saying expressionlessly.

"Alright!"

The emperor nodded and flew straight towards them.

The enemy of an enemy was a friend.

That was how they were now.

"The strength of the success Wizard Association is so strong, I've never seen anyone weaker than an undying level 2."

"The strongest wizard Army and Dark Army of the Success Wizard Association are all here, 6 god Emperors, 6!"

"Hahaha, the god Emperors of the Success Wizard Association are all powerful array masters, they can fight at least 1 against 2 warriors, 6 God Emperors of the success Wizard Association is equivalent to 12 God Emperors."

"Our Imperial Court and the Success Wizard Association can easily destroy the Dragon Palace, even the abyss seed can kill them all."

The powerful disciples of the imperial court swept their eyes over the members of the Wizard Association and felt their powerful power. Excitement appeared on their faces.

This time, they would make the Dragon Palace pay a heavy price and make their lives worse than death.

"Kill them back!"

The Great Protector of the imperial court was also full of excitement. He raised his arm and shouted at all the disciples.

"Charge back!"

All the disciples of the imperial court, who had been sullen for several days, shouted with killing intent.

Countless people flew toward the location of the imperial court's Island.

The Imperial Court's Island was also located at the center of the imperial court.

When they rushed toward the center, they would definitely encounter many life planets.

Such a mighty team naturally attracted the attention of the humans on the planets behind the imperial court's territory.

The people on the other planets looked at the imperial court's team in shock.

Especially when they saw the Witch Association's team behind them, they opened their mouths slightly.