Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2817: heaven-defying battle 4

"Everyone from the imperial court has returned. The experts from the Wizard Association have also arrived. Those two golden elephants that are dozens of kilometers in size are so terrifying!"

"The imperial court and the Wizard Association have joined forces. Hiss, two of the seven big regions and seven big forces have joined forces. The Dragon Palace is going to be in trouble."

"Are the Dragon Palace and the abyss seeds still on the Imperial Court's Island? I'm afraid they're going to be finished when the imperial court and the Wizard Association arrive."

"The war is going to break out again, but this is probably the last battle."

"I'm afraid the Dragon Palace is doomed. The Witch Formation Association has sent out six God Emperors!"

Seeing the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association gathering and flying toward the imperial court's Island, the people on the vital planets in the north of the imperial star area were discussing in shock.

On the computer, everyone was also full of curiosity and surprise about the last battle.

Everyone was discussing animatedly.

They also knew a little about the Witch Formation Association. One could imagine their strength and foundation from the fact that they were able to open the Witch Beast Pavilion to the imperial court.

The battle between the two forces besieging the Dragon Palace was the focus of the world.

"Haha, Dragon Palace, prepare to die!"

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, all the disciples of the Dragon Palace, and all the forces related to the Dragon Palace, wait for the judgment of our imperial court."

At this moment, the elite core disciples of the imperial court were in high spirits.

While they were hurrying on their way, they posted messages on the AI, and they couldn't help but look excited.

Half a month ago, they had left the central island of the imperial court with shame. Today, they wanted to avenge themselves.

The huge team moved quickly, and everyone's faces were full of fighting spirit.

At the back, the members of the Wizard Association were filled with killing intent.

"Sky Array, Dragon King, two space beasts, and two divine emperors and Abyss seeds. It shouldn't be a big problem."

On the divine seat behind the Golden Elephant, the wizard heard the information from the monarch and the others and said lightly.

"Wizard, even if he hasn't recovered to his peak, we can't underestimate him. He's the sky array divine emperor."

On the left, the only middle-aged God Emperor of the Wizard Association said with an extremely embarrassed expression.

"Of course. After all, he is the sky array god Emperor. We will capture him alive this time."

The Wizard's eyes flashed with a luster as he clenched his fists and said.

"If we don't have the confidence to capture him alive, we must completely destroy him. Completely destroy him."

When the middle-aged man heard his words, he slightly lost control as he growled in a low voice. His eyes were filled with blood vessels.

"Don't Worry!"

The Magus said indifferently.

"Son of Heaven, don't be so afraid. US magi seek to defy the heavens and change fate. We Aren't afraid of anyone. No matter how strong Tianchen Divine Emperor is, he hasn't recovered to his peak right now, right?"

A God emperor from the Magus Union said to him with a smile.

The middle-aged man gritted his teeth and closed his eyes slightly. His expression slowly disappeared.

His name was son of heaven. This name was given by the sky formation divine emperor and his master.

Son of Heaven, son of heaven. How arrogant and domineering was this name!

Everyone fell silent. They looked at the position in front of them and quietly waited for the time to come.

"It's not easy to deal with, brother. A group of SCUM is in front, not behind. If we rush over, we will be noticed."

Meanwhile, on the two trees in the distance, a voice spoke.

"Even if it's not going to be easy, we have to do it. Let's go to the front and look at the imperial court. We can hide on some plants or creatures in the front. When the time comes, we can directly parasitize them and they won't be able to find us."

"Okay, let's go."

Behind the two trees, a pitch-black creature with a huge mouth emerged from the trees. They moved and disappeared in an instant.

Naturally, the two of them were Ba Qi and Mo Sha.

"Dragon King, they are expected to arrive here in five hours!"

A few hours later, Prime Minister Gui said to Wang Xian, who was standing at the top of the Majestic Palace of the imperial court.

"The guest has become the host. We are mainly defending while the other party is mainly attacking."

Wang Xian looked around and revealed a smile.

"Haha, it's been a long time since I last saw my old friends. I wonder if they miss me."

"I wonder if my disciple has come."

Tian Chen laughed loudly on the side, his face full of joy.

"A master who was killed by his disciple usually only appears in novels."

Lan qingyue said jokingly on the side.

"Maybe I was a bit old and muddle-headed back then."

Tian Chen laughed loudly.

"After joining the Dragon Palace, it's easy for me to take revenge. I'll just greet them this time and destroy them the next time."

"Come on, the Dragon Palace is the strongest!"

Di Xingnu clenched her fists and shouted with anticipation.

"Haha, Alright. All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, we still have a few hours to prepare for the battle!"

"This time, we will focus on defense."

Wang Xian laughed out loud and ordered everyone.

"Yes!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace replied loudly.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Not far away from the surroundings, roaring sounds could be heard. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The two abyss seeds of the Celestial Emperor looked over and a hint of fear flashed across their eyes.

There were more than a dozen of them who were on the same level as them. Fortunately, they were in an alliance. Otherwise, they would be done for.

They roared and told their subordinates to behave themselves.

"Reporting to the Dragon King, the powerhouses from the great sect, the Dragon Python Group, the Beichuan sect, and the ancient God dynasty have come with their disciples. They said that they want to fight side by side with the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, the report from their subordinates came from the back.

"Oh?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and flew toward the back.

Soon, he saw the great sect, the Dragon Python group, the Northern River sect, and the ancient God dynasty standing there with their disciples.

All of them looked a little uneasy as they held their weapons tightly.

There were a total of ten million people from the four major forces.

They could be said to be the absolute core of the four major forces.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

When the group of powerhouses saw Wang Xian flying over, they immediately greeted him respectfully.

"There's no need to be so polite."

Wang Xian landed in front of them and said with a smile.

"Dragon King, I heard that the powerhouses from the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association are coming soon. We...". "The four of us are now on the same side as the Dragon King. We can only give birth when the Dragon Palace is alive. Therefore, we want to contribute our strength to the upcoming war."

"Although the strength of the four of us is insignificant."

Forefather of last month gritted his teeth and said to Wang Xian.

Now, the Dragon Palace and the imperial court had become arch-enemies. Once the Dragon Palace was destroyed, the four of them would definitely be destroyed as well.

As for escaping? With the imperial court's strength, where could they escape to?

Once something happened to the Dragon Palace, something would definitely happen to them. Therefore, they might as well fight side by side with the Dragon Palace.

Even if they were to die together, the Dragon King would not forget them even if there was a chance of survival.

"Hehe, there's no need to help. You guys can watch the battle from the back later."

Wang Xian swept his gaze across them.

He was very appreciative of the fact that the four major forces were able to rush over last month.