Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2818: heaven-defying battle 5

"No matter what happens in this battle, we have already decided to advance or retreat together with the Dragon Palace."

Forefather of last month said to Wang Xian heavily.

"Advance or retreat together with the Dragon Palace!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At the back, the members of the four major forces roared with flushed faces.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly. "Come to the front and watch the battle."

As he spoke, his body moved and he flew forward.

The experts from the great sect last month looked at each other and immediately led their disciples to follow behind.

"Bei Shuang, go and receive your friends."

When Wang Xian arrived at the front, he shouted at the seats beside the group of girls.

"It's Master!"

Bei Shuang nodded her head. When she saw her sect and the other three major forces, she greeted them with a smile.

The reborn bei Shuang, after the baptism of the dragon transformation pool, she now had undying undying level 9 battle strength.

Unfortunately, she didn't evolve into a frost dragon this time.

To evolve into a frost dragon, it would depend on her luck in the future.

"Bei Shuang!"

"Xiao Shuang, you... didn't you already... already..."

"Frost Goddess, the Frost Goddess is still alive?"

Last month, when the Great Sect, Bei Chuan Sect, and the other powerful disciples saw bei Shuang appear, they all widened their eyes in disbelief.

"Master used a treasure to save me."

Bei Shuang looked at them and said with a smile.

When everyone heard their words, their hearts trembled slightly.

Saved!

They had personally witnessed bei Shuang being killed by the night God Emperor.

A God emperor killing a person naturally would not leave him any chance of survival.

In other words, the dragon king had completely resurrected bei Shuang after his death.

What kind of treasure could do that?

"It's good that you're alright, it's good that you're Alright!"

The Beichuan Sect Master and the others held bei Shuang's arm slightly and said somewhat excitedly.

"Sect master, forefathers, and forefathers, all of you can just stay here and watch the battle."

As bei Shuang spoke to them, he looked ahead.

"Xiao Shuang, can the Dragon King and the others... withstand the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association? Why don't they just run away and enter the Abyss? That way, they'll have a greater advantage in the Abyss battlefield."

Bei Chuan sect master hesitated for a moment and could not help but ask.

"Don't worry, sect master. We Won't lose this battle."

Beichuang said confidently.

"Won't Lose?"

All the powerful disciples of the four forces heard this and their eyes shone.

The Dragon Palace was confident that they could resist the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association?

This... this...

If they could really resist, it would be a heaven-defying move.

"I hope the Dragon Palace can resist. Once the Dragon Palace is destroyed, we will be killed too."

Everyone prayed in their hearts.

Time passed slowly. Countless people were still discussing on the artificial intelligence system, but they did not know the specific situation.

Only the elite core disciples of the imperial court would occasionally release some information on the artificial intelligence system, clamoring that the dragon palace would be destroyed soon.

Countless people were discussing. They were almost certain that the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association could easily destroy the Dragon Palace.

After all, judging from the strength displayed by both parties, the difference between the Dragon Palace and the two major forces was simply too great.

"Dragon King, the demonic eight qi and the others have succeeded."

Time ticked by. Four hours later, Prime Minister Gui received a piece of news and reported it to Wang Xian.

"Yes!"

Wang Xian smiled. This was good news.

"The heaven-defying battle is about to begin."

An hour later, Wang Xian put away the AI at the side and narrowed his eyes as he stared ahead.

At the front, the incomparably huge team slowly appeared in his line of sight.

The team had already undergone a change.

At the front were two gigantic golden elephants. The gigantic elephants were emitting light and were exceptionally eye-catching in the void.

Such a scene was like an emperor patrolling.

In the center were the 300,000 god-king powerhouses of the Shamans Association, the well-known Wizard Corps, and the Dark Corps.

On the left and right sides were the hundreds of billions of disciples of the imperial court. Their eyes were full of killing intent as they stared ahead.

"That Dragon King didn't escape. Does he think nothing of us?"

"Humph, I want to see what their dragon palace can use to resist us."

At this moment, in the sky above the imperial court's Island, the disciples of the imperial court also saw the Army of the Dragon Palace that was waiting for them. There were countless abyssal seeds.

"Stop!"The disciples and powerhouses of the imperial court shouted in surprise.

"Stop!"

In the sky above the imperial court's Island, the emperor stared ahead, looked at Wang Xian and the rest, and ordered.

The disciples of the imperial court immediately stopped. The powerhouses of the Witch Formation Association also stopped.

They looked at each other from afar!

A suffocating aura spread out in the surroundings.

"Sky Array, you shouldn't be alive."

The Magus slowly stood up from his divine seat. His gaze was locked onto sky array as he said expressionlessly.

"Since I'm still alive, you will all die soon!"

Sky array stared at him and revealed a faint smile.

"Hehe, I didn't expect that my disciple would advance to the Divine Emperor Realm."

He looked to the side and landed his gaze on the middle-aged celestial thearch, son of Heaven, as he spoke without the slightest fluctuation.

"You... Shouldn't... Be Alive!"

Son of Heaven looked at the sky array. A hint of fear flashed across his eyes as he clenched his teeth and roared.

"Hahaha, it's a pity that my sky array is still alive."

The sky array laughed out loud.

"I won't be able to live for long either. Hehe."

The wizard sensed the might from the sky array and smiled faintly.

"The situation is reversed. You guys attack while we defend."

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and said.

"Dragon King, I don't know how you have the courage to wait for us here. However, I will definitely take your head today!"

The Overlord clenched his fist tightly. A light staff immediately appeared in his hand. His vast voice was filled with killing intent.

"I'm afraid that you guys don't have the qualifications!"

Wang Xian looked over and said coldly.

"Attack me. Let's see how my spell formation that combines cultivation and techniques is doing. Let me see if Your Wizard Association has made any progress."

"And my good disciple. Let me see how strong you are now!"

Tian Chen narrowed his eyes and said with a cold gaze.

His body shook and turned into two clones.

Buzz

The entire central island of the imperial court trembled slightly and emitted a vast aura.

"With our strength, what can your Dragon Palace use to fight us?"

The imperial court monarch stared at Tian Chen and the others and roared angrily.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Terrifying sounds came from his body and a vast power rushed down.

"Let's use the strength of our Dragon Palace to fight with you!"

"Hahaha, today, let our Dragon Palace experience the strength of the two top forces in the starry sky!"

Wang Xian laughed out loud as his aura, which was on the level of a celestial emperor, rushed towards the sky.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Ao qitian, Ao Xie, and the rest let out a roar from the side. Waves of Aura soared into the sky.

One, two, three... eight...