Chapter 2819: 2,819 new kings were born

"Wu Wu Wu!"

"Wu Wu Wu!"

Nine, ten!

"Hahaha!"

Tian Chen laughed and split into three figures, each of them exuding the aura of a god Emperor.

Eleven, twelve, thirteen.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Two God Emperor Abyss seeds sensed the powerful aura coming from the side and let out a roar. At the same time, a desolate aura rushed toward the surroundings. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Including the two god-emperor abyss seeds, there were a total of fifteen god-emperors.

Fifteen terrifying forces shot up into the sky.

In the sky above the imperial court island, a terrifying energy stirred. This scene stunned everyone around.

"This... This is... this is god-emperors. All of them are god-emperors!"

"Hiss, is this the power of the Dragon Palace? There are more than ten god-emperors. There are more than ten of them. This is too powerful."

"No wonder the dragon palace has the confidence to resist the joint attack of the Imperial Court and the Wizard Association. Hahaha, this is great, this is great."

At the rear, the members of the great religious sect, the Dragon Python Group, the Beichuan sect, and the ancient God dynasty, who were originally pale-faced, widened their eyes when they saw the power that suddenly erupted from the Dragon Palace.

They were filled with shock and disbelief.

There were thirteen divine emperors. How many experts did the dragon palace have in the Last Battle of the Abyss?

Four!

Including the Little Blue House, there were six. Now, there were thirteen.

How many Divine Emperors did the imperial court have?

Now, there were only three.

This was four times more than the imperial court.

With such terrifying strength, the Dragon Palace could easily destroy the imperial court.

They could even destroy the Wizard Association.

"How is this possible!"

When the Emperor of the imperial court, the two divine emperors, and all the powerful disciples of the imperial court saw this scene, their faces were filled with disbelief.

There were a total of fifteen divine emperors, a total of fifteen.

This power had completely exceeded their expectations.

In their opinion, no matter how strong the Dragon Palace was or how many trump cards they had, one or two more divine emperors would be shocking enough.

Now, there were more than ten of them.

This made their expressions very interesting as they kept changing.

"How can this be? How can the Dragon Palace be so strong?"

"This... this... This is impossible!"

The imperial court's expert disciples stared in disbelief as their bodies trembled.

The power of the Dragon Palace made them feel fear.

"As expected of the sky array. Since you dare to wait for us here, you've already made preparations."

In the center, the Magus'expression changed slightly when he saw this scene.

He slowly stood up and stared at the powerful figures.

"Hehe, with your strength, I'm afraid it's not enough."

A painting appeared in front of him. The painting was shining with a mysterious power.

The stars on it looked like a star map.

This was a formation map, Purgatory world.

"Then let's give it a try!"

SKY array stared at Purgatory world with a cold look in his eyes.

"Hehe, you are not my match. The only troublesome thing is that giant beast, but I will refine it!"

The wizard stared at Little Blue, his eyes shining.

During this period of time, he had some understanding of what was happening in the imperial star region.

He had heard of this giant beast.

This was the beginning of the disaster in the Imperial Star Region, and this giant beast was also a very terrifying existence.

In just a few short years, it had become a giant, which made him extremely curious.

"Haha, when I was at My Peak, you didn't dare to be so arrogant in front of me. Now, you are a little despicable."

When Sky Formation heard the Wizard's words, his face was filled with mockery.

"Hmph, I could destroy you once before. Now, I can destroy you a second time as well!"

The Wizard roared with a cold face. The purgatory world formation in the sky suddenly expanded and enveloped the entire void.

The entire void had a huge change because of the formation.

"You talk too much nonsense, Xiao Lan!"

Wang Xian stared at the Magus and immediately gave an order to Xiao Lan.

"Woo Woo!"

The terrifying power on Xiao Lan's body trembled slightly. The surrounding space collapsed instantly. Its entire body drifted between the void crack and reality and instantly rushed to the front of the purgatory world.

"Crack Crack Crack!"

The entire void in front of the purgatory world emitted the sound of collapse. The formation diagram trembled violently.

"Kill!"

Seeing this scene, the Magus'expression changed slightly, and he shouted sternly.

"Hahaha, kill, Kill, kill. Magus, you hold that giant beast back. Leave the rest to this monarch."

"Without that giant beast, this monarch is invincible."

When the monarch saw little blue charging towards the Magus, his face revealed an incomparably malevolent expression.

Although their imperial court and the Magus Union had many fewer divine emperors than the Dragon Palace, he and the Magus Union were both Second Rank Divine Emperors.

As long as the wizard could completely restrain the giant beast, he would be invincible.

"All Disciples, kill them all. Destroy all the people in the Dragon Palace."

A divine emperor of the imperial court ordered sternly.

"Kill!"

All the other disciples let out ferocious roars filled with killing intent.

Although there were many divine kings in the Dragon Palace, they had two second rank divine emperors. Moreover, the Divine Emperors of the Wizard Association were not something ordinary divine emperors could compare to.

Furthermore, they still had the 400,000-strong army of the Witch Formation.

"Invincible? Monarch, let the people of the Dragon Palace experience you."

Wang Xian stared at the monarch with a cold expression.

He moved and AO Qitian and the other seven godly monarchs immediately followed behind Wang Xian.

"HMPH, do you not think highly of us?"

The other two celestial thearchs of the imperial court stared at Wang Xian and the rest with a murderous look on their faces as they went up to meet them.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

However, at this moment, the two celestial thearchs of the Abyss started to move and attacked the two celestial thearchs of the imperial court.

"Let's attack the Heaven Formation."

The five celestial thearchs of the Cheng Witch Association locked their blood-red eyes on the Heaven Formation and roared darkly.

The five of them moved and immediately rushed towards the sky array.

"Wu Wu!"

The small house moved and directly attacked a god Emperor of the success Wizard Association.

"Wu Shan, restrain this huge beast. Leave the sky array to us."

A God Emperor of the Success Wizard Association roared as the four of them attacked the sky array.

"Hahaha, tens of millions of years ago, I was able to fight against your entire success Wizard Association alone. Now, I can easily deal with the four of you."

The three bodies of sky formation immediately separated and stood in three different directions.

"Nine gods formation, activate!"

He roared angrily. The divine dragon heads of each attribute on his body emitted a ray of light and instantly surged into the sky and earth.

A formation that could penetrate the sky and earth enveloped the center of the Imperial Court Island. The vast formation emitted a terrifying divine might.

"Although Your Witch Formation Association has one more divine emperor than I expected, that traitor of mine, my obedient disciple, looks a little weak. Today, I Will Guide You Again!"

Sky Array roared with a cold face.