Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2820: 2,820 new kings were born

"Weng, Weng, Weng!"

The battle started and the Array Formation started!

The nine gods array formation was a large-scale attack and defense array that was built using the nine attributes as the foundation.

The entire array had nine powerful attributes.

Each of the nine attributes could fight against a divine emperor. However, if one wanted to be entangled, it was safer to fight against eight of them.

"Then let me see how much of my master's strength is left."

Tian Zi roared with a gloomy face. With a wave of his arm, formations were formed one after another.

Beside him, the other three experts from the Wizard Association waved their arms and threw out formation compasses one after another, attacking the nine gods formation.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

At this moment, a terrifying collision came from the sky. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Dragon King, do you think you can pin me down with just the eight first level divine emperors? Dream on, I will kill all of you today."

In the sky, the emperor held the scepter of light in his hand. A huge pair of wings of light held up the sky.

An endless number of judgement spears attacked Wang Xian and the rest.

"Defend!"

In an instant, the expressions of Wang Xian and the rest changed slightly.

Only the ten divine emperors of Dragon Palace could defend against the Overlord. Now, the eight of them could only defend with all their might.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The Five Elements Millstone appeared in front of Wang Xian. Wang Xian circulated his five elements and an Earth Shield appeared in front of him!

Ao qitian, Ao Yao, Ao Xingmu, and Ao crab also released their defenses and stacked them on top of the Earth Shield.

Bang! Bang! Bang

Continuous clashing sounds rang out as the defenses collapsed rapidly.

Fortunately, Wang Xian and the rest were able to withstand the defenses of the Overlord.

"Dragon King, this won't do. There must be ten celestial emperors to be able to fight him completely."

Ao Qitian said with a slightly embarrassed expression.

"Buy them a few dozen seconds!"

Wang Xian growled in a low voice.

"Space Behemoth, Giant Stone Golden Elephant, Attack!"

"Wizard Apprentice Army, Proceed!"

"Darkness Legion, Attack!"

"Shaman Beast Legion, Attack!"

At this moment, the order to attack sounded from below.

The entire Shaman Legion started to move.

"All the disciples of the imperial court, Attack!"

The Great Guardians of the Imperial Court on both sides roared and also gave the order to attack.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, Defend, defend with all your strength."

At the bottom, Prime Minister Gui roared solemnly when he saw the army coming.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

At the front, a group of imperial dragon seeds came to the front and formed an indestructible defense.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

"Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!"

In the sky, the divine emperor abyss seed and Xiao Lan gave an order to the abyss seed to defend with all their might.

Compared to attacking, it was easier to defend.

"Hahaha, if you want to defend, do you think that the Dragon Palace will be able to defend against our attacks with more than ten God Emperors? Dream on, Die!"

The Great Protector of the imperial court roared with a face full of killing intent. His body moved and with a wave of his arm, the divine net appeared in front of him.

"Destroy them!"

He roared with a ferocious face. At the side, two imperial court protectors took out the Heaven Net and Earth Net!

The Heaven's net and Earth Net was a precious treasure that could fight against two void God emperors.

"Not good, the Dragon Palace is in danger!"

"The Dragon King and the others have been suppressed by the imperial court monarch. The combat strength of those below the god Emperor realm is also much weaker!"

"After all, it's the imperial court and the Wizard Formation Association. Both of them have existed for hundreds of millions of years and their foundations are unfathomable!"

At the back, the disciples of the Beichuan sect who had witnessed this scene last month paled slightly.

Although the Dragon Palace had many celestial emperors, their overall strength was obviously stronger than the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association.

In terms of combat strength, the Dragon Palace was also much weaker than the celestial emperors.

"Kill!"

In front, countless disciples of the imperial court and the experts of the Witch Formation Association started to move.

At the lower position, a figure suddenly rushed towards the great protector of the imperial court who was controlling the divine net in the sky.

"Eh?"

The great protector of the imperial court sensed that a disciple was suddenly rushing towards him from below and was slightly stunned.

Sensing the strength and aura of this disciple, he frowned slightly.

"Puff!"

However, at this moment, that Disciple's body suddenly exploded.

A pitch-black shadow flew toward him at a terrifying speed.

This made his expression change drastically.

"Puff!"

However, that black shadow was too fast and too fast. In the next moment, it directly entered his body.

The Great Protector of the imperial court didn't have the slightest reaction. His pupils quickly turned black and he was completely stunned.

The sudden scene caused the two protectors who were controlling the heaven's net and earth net to be filled with shock.

"Great Guardian!"

They yelled at the great guardian warily.

"Phew, it's okay!"

The Great Guardian's eyes regained their clarity. He shook his head and said immediately.

"Kill! Destroy the Dragon Palace!"

Then, he continued to shout with a face full of killing intent.

The two guardians of the imperial court who were controlling the net of heaven and earth frowned. They sensed the Great Guardian's aura and thought of the Black Shadow just now.

What was going on?

But now that the war had broken out, they had no time to think about it.

The divine net had already spread across the void. The two waved their arms and flew toward the Great Guardian.

"Puff! Puff!"

However, when they had just arrived beside the great guardian, two pitch-black claws instantly drilled out of the Great Guardian's body.

Not allowing them to react in the slightest, they widened their eyes and looked at the great protector in shock, spitting out blood.

However, at this moment, the great protector no longer had the slightest bit of life left.

"Keke Keke!"

A sinister voice came out from the Great Protector's body. Soon after, the Great Protector's body split open, and a pitch-black figure moved, instantly collecting the nets above and below and the three corpses.

"Not good, the great protector and the others have been killed!"

"Oh no!"

When the Great Protector and the other two protectors were killed, some of the experts sensed the situation here and roared with extremely ugly expressions.

"What! The Great Protector has been killed!"

"Hiss, how is this possible!"

"Be careful, there is a strange existence that might be hiding within us."

"That's the divine emperor, the Dragon Palace and the Divine Emperor!"

Behind them, the disciples of the imperial court roared with trembling bodies.

In an instant, the entire imperial court's team panicked.

Another divine emperor appeared from the Dragon Palace.

"Hehehe, Duan Jinming, control the divine net of Heaven and earth. Kill them!"

That black shadow was naturally octahedron. With a wave of his arm, he threw the divine net of heaven and earth to Duan Jinming and the others.

Duan Jinming and the others were also cultivating array formations. They would soon be able to control such a precious divine weapon.

"Good, good, good!"

Prime Minister Gui looked excited when he saw the nets above and below divine net was taken by the Dragon Palace.

The Nets above and below divine net was the most powerful technique other than the emperor of the imperial court.

Now that the Dragon Palace had taken it, this battle would be more beneficial to the Dragon Palace!

"Jie Jie Jie, Dragon King, I'm here to fuck the Emperor, this dog."