Chapter 2821: new king born 3

"Great!"

Wang Xian was excited when he saw that Ba Qi had succeeded.

From the beginning of the Dragon Palace's plan, they had set their target on the three nets of Heaven, earth, and God.

The three nets of Heaven, earth, and God was a huge problem for the Dragon Palace.

However, once the Dragon Palace obtained it, it would be a great help.

The Heaven, earth, and God's three nets were controlled by the great guardians of the imperial court. With the power of the octahedron, they could instantly parasitize it and obtain the heaven, earth, and God's three nets. Now, it was completed successfully.

"Damn it, Your Dragon Palace deserves to die!"

Seeing the situation below, the emperor of the imperial court trembled slightly.

Another god-emperor appeared in the Dragon Palace. How could they have so many god-emperors?

Were god-emperors cabbages?

Three protectors were killed, and the heaven, earth, and god Nets were obtained by the Dragon Palace. This was a great help to the Dragon Palace.

"Jie Jie Jie, Old Dog, we'll play with you. Today, your grandfather wants to see how you can defeat our Dragon Palace."

"Hahaha, once you can't defeat us, then what happens next will be interesting."

Ba Qi roared with a ghastly expression. His face was filled with excitement.

"Die!"

A pair of wings of light appeared behind the overlord of the imperial court. He wielded the staff of light and swung it at them.

"Defend!"

Wang Xian growled. With the arrival of Ba Qi, the pressure on them would be slightly reduced.

If they were to blindly Dodge and defend, they would be able to hold on for at least ten minutes.

"Trash!"

In the center, at the center of the Magus Union, three black-robed figures stood there.

When they saw what was happening in the imperial court, they said with embarrassed expressions.

Of the three figures, one had a pair of wings on his back and a blood-red eye between his brows.

He held a treasure bottle in his hand!

The one in the middle looked extremely thin, as if he was just skin and bones. There was a blood-red cloth wrapped around his neck.

The last figure held a flute in his hand. The flute was earthy yellow and there was a desolate beast pattern at the back.

"We can already use the three divine nets of Heaven and earth, Hahaha!"

At the Dragon Palace, Duan Jinming and Company roared in excitement. They immediately set up the three divine nets of Heaven and earth above the Dragon Palace!

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

At this moment, a sharp metallic light came from the front, and two huge monsters charged toward them.

The power of their charge far exceeded that of a peak godly king.

"Leave these two monsters to us."

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the sky, AO Fenghuang and the others controlled the flaming god Star. Terrifying fireballs and meteorites shot out of the black hole in the center of the star.

Fireballs and meteorites landed on the bodies of the two golden elephants one after another, causing their bodies to continuously fly backward.

The Witch Beast Legion of the Wizard Association hurriedly dodged to the side.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

At the side, countless disciples and powerhouses of the imperial court launched another attack under the organization of the Guardians of the imperial court.

"Roar, Roar, Roar!"

In front of them, Abyss seeds roared and resisted the imperial court's attack.

Due to the large number of deaths of the imperial court's guardians, the strength of the imperial court's disciples and powerhouses were no longer as strong as abyss seeds.

The gap between existences at the peak of the godly monarch realm was even greater.

"Dark clouds!"

In front of them, the powerhouses of the Wizard Association's Wizard Apprentice Legion joined hands to set up an extremely powerful attack formation.

The dark clouds and the formation dimmed the entire world.

The enormous dark clouds carried a terrifying and strange energy and covered all the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

"Divine Net of Heaven and Earth, Break!"

Duan Jinming roared and three large nets met the dark clouds directly.

The large nets formed a dense lightning defense in front of them, and the lightning spiders on the divine net swam on it.

"Crackle crackle!"

Bolts of lightning struck toward the dark clouds, and the dark clouds quickly dissipated.

"Not bad, not bad. The Supreme Treasure of the imperial court is very powerful."

Prime minister turtle smiled when he saw that the three divine nets of Heaven, earth, and God were blocking the powerful formation set up by one of the Corps of the Witch Formation Association.

"Damn it!"

When the members of the imperial court heard this, their faces were so gloomy that they almost bled.

At the same time, the members of the Wizard Apprentice Legion of the Wizard Association were also very embarrassed.

"Wizard Beast Legion, Charge!"

100,000 strong warriors of the Wizard Association who were riding on battle beasts charged toward the front of the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon-controlling dragon, resist!"

"Sky Eye Arrow Division, Shoot!"

Prime Minister Gui shouted. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Ha!"

"Royal Sky!"

Ao Tu roared and city walls appeared in front of him out of thin air.

There was a dragon turtle pattern on the city walls, and the turtle shell on the dragon turtle pattern was emitting an earthy yellow light.

"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!"

Behind them, arrows filled the sky as they attacked the Heaven's Eye Wizard Beast Legion.

Although the god-king realm experts of the Magus Union were all of a higher level, the Dragon Palace was not afraid in the Battle of defense.

"Defend!"

"Charge!"

The leader of the Wizard Beast Legion roared as beams of energy shot toward the arrows.

At the same time, they continued to charge towards the earthen yellow city wall in front of them.

"Play music!"

Behind her, Tang Yinxuan stared at the Wizard Beast Army in front of her. With a wave of her arm, a divine instrument appeared in front of her.

"Buzz Buzz Buzz!"

"Ring ring ring!"

Behind her, there were more than ten thousand young men and women. Their bodies moved and turned into something like dolphins.

Waves of sound waves rushed forward.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

When the sound waves reached them, the wizard beasts let out chaotic roars.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Some of the Wizard Beasts seemed to be in great pain as they jumped on the spot.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

"Roar! Roar!"

The momentary chaos caused the battle beasts at the back to crash into the battle beasts at the front, resulting in violent collisions.

The entire wizard Beast Army was thrown into chaos before they even reached the city wall.

"This dragon palace has many tricks."

At the center, three figures who had not moved all this time frowned slightly as they watched this scene and spoke.

"Let's do it. Break through this Dragon Palace and help the wizard Lord Destroy the Dragon Palace's divine emperors and destroy the sky array."

The old man who was wrapped in a blood-red cloth in the middle said.

"I'll go first!"

The old man who held the treasure bottle slowly opened the bottle.

"Wizard Gu, come out."

The treasure bottle was opened and an incomparably ferocious monster slowly crawled out.

The wizard Gu came from the Wizard.

This Gu was raised by the Wizard Association after tens of millions of years.

This was not the first GU raised by the Wizard Association. In the past, the Wizard Association also raised one and was killed by the Heaven Array.

This Gu had been raised for tens of millions of years and possessed the strength of a divine emperor.

"Ka Ka Ka!"

Very soon, a ferocious-looking wizard Gu that was over ten thousand meters in size and was covered in blood-colored green lumps appeared in the sky.

"Destroy them!"

The old man holding the treasure bottle growled.

"Gu gu gu!"

The wizard beast growled, carrying poison, darkness, and blood as it attacked all the members of the Dragon Palace in front.