Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2822: new king birth 4

"It's time to reveal our trump card!"

When Prime Minister Gui and the others saw the terrifying monster coming towards them, his face revealed a grave expression.

"This is only the beginning!"

The old man with the blood-red cloth around his neck said coldly and slowly untied the blood-red cloth around his neck.

The cloth was taken down and floated in front of the old man, giving off a very bloody feeling.

"Buzz!"

He stretched out his finger, and streams of blood surged toward the blood-red cloth. Three big words appeared on it: Dragon Extermination Palace.

"Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!"

The entire cloth trembled as if it had spirituality.

When the three words were finished, the blood-red cloth seemed to be activated and instantly swept toward the Dragon Palace.

"Venerable Scar, Kill!"

His eyes were filled with blood-red light as he roared loudly.

"The sound waves from the Dragon Palace are a little strange. The earthen yellow defense seems to be very strong. Let them experience the control of the Earth."

The last old man holding a flute looked ahead and placed the flute by his mouth!

"Wu Wu!"

The sound of the flute sounded. Earthen yellow energy laws appeared out of thin air in front of him. The energy laws immediately condensed into a terrifying monster.

The monster formed by the laws was filled with a terrifying might.

It was like a huge rock monster. Its body was huge and it was about 100,000 meters in size.

This was another existence that could contend against a god Emperor.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

The khaki law monster moved its feet and stomped on the void, making a rumbling sound. It also attacked the Dragon Palace.

The powerful witchcraft Gu, the strange venerate mark, the blood-red cloth, and the powerful earthy yellow monster.

This was the foundation of the Success Wizard Association, and each of them was comparable to a rank one divine emperor.

These three treasures were not all the trump cards of the success Wizard Association, but there were two more trump cards that were guarding the foundation of the Success Wizard Association.

"Hiss, the success Wizard Association is taking out their trump cards!"

"How terrifying. That hideous and terrifying monster is at the level of a god Emperor. The monster condensed from earth-elemental laws also has the power of a god Emperor. That blood-red cloth is even more bizarre."

On the side of the Dragon Palace, the Beichuan sect experts who were watching the battle from the rear last month saw the powerful trump cards of the success Wizard Association and felt their hearts beating violently.

The spectators felt that this battle was extremely exciting.

Their hearts couldn't take it.

After all, this also concerned their lives and deaths.

"Prepare to resist!"

Prime Minister Gui looked at the two god-emperor level monsters and a strange cloth strip. His pupils constricted slightly, and he reminded all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"Die. With your strength, you can't resist it."

The three old men stood in the center, and a smile appeared on their faces.

* Whoosh! *

Suddenly, in front of them, a powerful expert from the Dark Army spat out a mouthful of blood as his body flew in their direction.

* Buzz! *

The old man holding the treasure bottle saw that with a wave of his arm, a gentle force landed on his body, preventing him from flying backwards.

"Thank you, Lord Shaman Servant."

The middle-aged man with two black horns quickly turned his head and said to the old man.

The old man nodded slightly and stared straight ahead, ignoring him.

"Whoosh!"

However, at that moment, a black shadow suddenly crawled out from the body of the middle-aged man from the Dark Army.

It arrived in an instant and arrived in front of the three wizard servants.

"TSK TSK TSK!"

A strange and ear-piercing sound rang out, causing the pupils of the three wizard servants to shrink slightly. A look of shock appeared in their eyes.

"This is bad!"

"Die, you bastards from the Shaman Association!"

The Strange Black Shadow's pitch-black claws directly covered the three of them, bringing with them the might of a divine emperor.

"Run!"

The three people's faces were filled with shock. Without the slightest hesitation, they wanted to run to the side.

However, they were still far from being a divine emperor after all.

A terrifying attack landed on their bodies. Sharp thorns appeared in their palms and pierced towards them.

The three people's faces were filled with despair.

The old man holding the treasure bottle poured waves of energy into the bottle. The earthen yellow monster that was attacking the Dragon Palace dissipated. Waves of earthen yellow laws covered the old man's entire body.

"Puff! Puff!"

The sound of penetration came.

"Huh?"

However, Mo sha frowned slightly and let out a surprised cry.

In the next moment, he felt a terrifying wave of energy coming from his palm.

Mo Sha waved his arm and put away the other two corpses, then flew backward.

"Hehehe!"

When he retreated tens of millions of kilometers, he found that the old man with the bottle was wrapped by the earth-elemental laws, and he let out ear-piercing cries.

"Awesome, awesome, what a powerful treasure!"

Mo Sha laughed and immediately flew toward the Dragon Palace.

"TSK, TSK, TSK, I got something good again!"

He looked forward. The blood-red cloth that was emitting a strange aura and full of powerful power just now was slowly shrinking and floating down.

His figure flashed, holding the cloth, he instantly arrived in front of Prime Minister Gui and the others and waved his arm.

"Study this strange thing and see if it can be used. TSK TSK tsk, Dragon King, I'm Coming!"

Mo Sha laughed maniacally as he joined the battle to attack the Overlord.

Everything happened in an instant.

From the moment mo sha attacked to the moment when he charged into Wang Xian's side, everything happened in an instant.

The entire battlefield paused for a moment. At this moment, be it the people from the imperial court or the members of the Witch Formation Association, their eyes were wide open and their bodies were trembling.

"Two wizard servants have been killed!"

"There's another divine emperor in the Dragon Palace and another divine emperor has appeared!"

"How is this possible? How many divine emperors are there in the Dragon Palace? They... they..."

At this moment, the members of the imperial court were on the verge of breaking down.

Ten Divine Emperors had erupted from the start, far surpassing the imperial court's strength. Now, two divine emperors had erupted in succession.

The worst thing was that one of the Weird Dragon Palace god Emperors hid among the disciples of their imperial court and directly took away the three divine nets of Heaven, Earth and God.

One of them turned into an expert of the Wizard Association and instantly killed two wizard servants and took away a supreme treasure that could fight against God emperors.

How could they fight against such a situation?

Some of the imperial court disciples were in despair.

They felt that it would be difficult to destroy the Dragon Palace today.

Not to mention the imperial court, even all the experts of the Wizard Association looked extremely embarrassed.

When they came, they would never have thought that the dragon palace would be so terrifying.

It was even more terrifying than the sky array divine emperor.

"Dragon Palace, you... how can you have so many divine emperors?" Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

When the emperor saw Mo sha flying over and saw the changes happening below, his body trembled again and he roared sternly.

They wanted to ask the heavens and the earth why there were so many experts in the Dragon Palace?

They were very clear about the development of the Dragon Palace. The woman outside was already terrifying enough, but they didn't expect the Dragon Palace to be even more terrifying.