Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2823: 2,823, the birth of a new king

"This Dragon Palace..."

On the side, the Wizards who were fighting with little blue saw another god Emperor appear from the Dragon Palace, and their expressions darkened. They glanced at the emperor and had a bad feeling.

The continuous occurrence of this situation not only dealt a huge blow to their morale, but also greatly weakened their strength.

The Supreme Treasure of the imperial court, the three divine nets of Heaven, earth, and God, had become the treasure of the Wizard Association, the mark of the venerable.

Now that a treasure like the mark of the venerable had been taken away by the Dragon Palace, his heart was also bleeding.

With this, the Dragon Palace and the countless abyssal seeds were already able to contend with them.

"Damn it!"

The wizard roared in anger, and the Purgatory World Array diagram in the sky released a series of destructive attacks that attacked little blue.

"Woo Woo Woo!"

The gray energy on Xiao Lan's body vibrated. He was not afraid of his attacks at all.

However, Xiao Lan could not suppress the wizard in front of him like how he suppressed the monarch of the imperial court.

In terms of strength, the gap between him and the Wizard of the Wizard Association was not too big.

On Wang Xian's side, with the addition of Mo Sha, the Ten Divine Emperors of the Dragon Palace were no longer inferior to the monarch of the imperial court. They could even surround him and counterattack.

The two godly monarchs of the imperial court were fighting against the two abyss seeds of the godly monarchs. They were also completely entangled.

On the heavenly formation, he was controlling the formation to fight against the four godly monarchs of the Witch Formation Association. He was fighting with them from afar and was not at a disadvantage at all.

Even on the small house's side, he was able to deal with the godly monarch of the Witch Formation Association.

The situation had completely stabilized.

"They have withstood it. The Dragon Palace has withstood the joint attack of the Imperial Court and the Witch Formation Association. They are too strong, hahaha!"

"Great! Great!"

At this moment, the most excited people were the powerful disciples of the Beichuan sect from last month.

The situation had been stabilized. The imperial court and the Witch Formation Association couldn't destroy such a powerful Dragon Palace.

As long as the Dragon Palace was here, they wouldn't be in any danger.

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, prepare to fight back!"

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui looked at the situation in front of him, and his eyes shone brightly as he shouted excitedly.

It was time to counterattack!

With the trump card that the Witch Formation Association had displayed, the venerable's mark had been obtained by the Dragon Palace. All that was left was the bloody and ferocious witch Gu and the earth-elemental monster condensed from the treasure bottle.

These two god-emperor level existences were completely able to be entangled by the Heaven, earth, and divine net.

The entire wizard apprentice army could be completely suppressed by the flaming god Star.

The Dragon Palace wasn't afraid of the remaining Wizard Beast Army and Darkness Army.

With the countless abyss seeds, the Dragon Palace was even stronger than the imperial court and the Wizard Association.

"Roar!"

In the sky, Little Blue ordered all the abyss seeds to attack.

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

The other two Emperor God abyssal seeds roared and ordered all the abyssal seeds to attack.

"Kill!"

"Swoosh!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Prime Minister Gui gave the order. The Imperial Dragon Seed held the Earth Shield and charged forward.

At the back, the Sky Eye Arrows shot forward.

The Wild Dragon Seed of the Dragon Palace, the fire dragon seed of the Heaven Lightning Earth, the Thorn Dragon Seed, and the Starwood Dragon Seed followed closely behind the imperial dragon seed and charged forward.

"Roar!"

With the order from their leader, countless abyssal seeds rushed forward, full of bloodlust and violence.

The entire battlefield instantly went crazy.

"Kill, Kill, Kill!"

The powerhouses and disciples of the imperial court saw the complete counterattack of the Dragon Palace and the abyssal seed, and their hearts beat violently.

The Guardians of the imperial court could only clench their teeth and give the order to attack.

"Kill!"

Countless disciples and powerhouses of the imperial court could only brace themselves and fight toward the abyssal seed in front of them.

It was a truly tragic attack.

This kind of war did not erupt in the abyss last time, but it completely erupted in their island and their old nest.

The collision in an instant caused blood to splatter everywhere.

A truly tragic and fierce battle had completely begun.

The abyss seed was fearless, and the imperial court's disciples had no choice but to fight.

"Oh no!"

"Wizard, do you have any more trump cards?"

The imperial court's Lord saw the war erupting below. Every second, more than 100,000 of the imperial court's disciples died. His heart sank, and he immediately roared loudly.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The Wizard from the Wizard Association did not say anything. He attacked little blue one move after another.

Right now, his expression was extremely ugly.

According to the news from the imperial court, the Dragon Palace only had four divine emperors. Adding on the two divine emperors and Abyss seeds, there were six!

But Now? The Dragon Palace had a total of thirteen. Adding on the divine emperors and Abyss seeds, there were fifteen.

And this was not even counting the divine emperors from Tianchen.

There were nine more than the information the imperial court had given them.

There were a total of nine divine emperors!

In a great war, one divine emperor was usually enough to change the outcome of a battle.

But Now? There were nine more.

There were nine divine emperors, and each of them was a famous existence in this resplendent starry sky.

With nine more, the Dragon Palace would be able to contend with them. One could imagine how much preparations the Witch Formation Association had made to kill the Divine Emperor Tianchen.

In their eyes, there was a 10,000% chance of destroying the heavenly array.

What about now?

Although the Witch Formation Association did not bring all their trump cards, they only had two trump cards left. They were too big and difficult to carry, so they could only be used as a cornerstone treasure.

Under such circumstances, not only did they not take down the Dragon Palace or suppress the heavenly array, but they were also attacked by the other party instead. It was impossible for them to destroy the heavenly array.

It could also be said that they had lost this time.

Moreover, after witnessing the powerful strength of the Dragon Palace, it would be very difficult for them to destroy the sky array in the future. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

At the thought of this, his body trembled. Once the sky array was restored to its peak, the Wizard Association would definitely face a disaster.

But now, they had no way to do anything about it.

He did not blame the imperial court. He also knew that the imperial court did not know the strength of the Dragon Palace, and they were the ones who had suffered the biggest loss this time.

The Wizard of the Wizard Association didn't say anything, which made the imperial court's Lord's face darken. He knew that the Wizard Association didn't have any trump cards left.

"Roar!"

The imperial court's Lord didn't dare to roar. He held the scepter of light and attacked violently.

If they failed, they wouldn't be able to cooperate with the Wizard Association.

How could they compete with the Dragon Palace in the future?

The entire imperial star area would be occupied by the Dragon Palace, and the Imperial Court Island would become the territory of the Dragon Palace.

Moreover, they had to prevent the dragon palace from attacking them.

With the Dragon Palace's strength, they could destroy the imperial court.

They were defeated. They were utterly defeated.

"Hahaha, the Witch Formation Association, you can't do it either. Even with the imperial court, you can't do it either."

"The four of you can't even fight against me alone. You're too weak. hahaha!"

At the center of the nine gods formation, the sky formation laughed heartily when it saw this scene.

In front of them, the emperor and the other three God emperors of the Cheng Witch Association were as Black as ink.