Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2824: 2,824 new kings were born

"Kill!"

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

In the sky, the godly monarchs were fighting.

The battle below also broke out.

The Voodoo Gu and the abyss seed condensed by the Earth elemental laws were completely entangled by the heaven, earth, and God Net.

Now, the Dragon Palace was directly suppressing the entire voodoo army with the help of the flaming god Star.

They had more than 400,000 godly king experts, and the Dragon Palace was no less than them.

After the Battle of the Abyss ended, the weakest members of the Dragon Palace had the strength of a godly king.

With the blessing of the Flaming God Star, the Dragon Palace slowly suppressed the Wizard Association.

Moreover, the abyss seed controlled by Lan Qingyue was also helping the Dragon Palace in the battle.

As for the imperial court, it was miserable.

The imperial court only had more than 20 peak king God realm experts, while the abyssal seed had nearly 60 peak king God realm experts.

The huge gap caused the experts of the imperial court to be killed quickly.

If the battle continued, the entire imperial court would be massacred.

"Great ancestor, we are no match for the abyssal seed!"

The violent battle only broke out for a minute, and an imperial court protector could not help but shout.

His words caused the hearts of the Imperial Court's Lord and the others to tremble violently.

"Retreat, retreat into our celestial wizard territory."

The wizard swept his gaze downwards and spoke with a gloomy face.

At the same time, he also sent an invitation to the imperial court.

Facing such a powerful enemy like the Dragon Palace's sky array, even the Wizard Association was no match for it.

Once the Dragon Palace and the sky array attacked, the Wizard Association would not be able to withstand it.

Only by joining forces with the imperial court would they be able to fight against the Dragon Palace's sky array.

"All the disciples of the imperial court, Retreat!"

When the emperor heard his words, his eyes turned red and he almost cried.

The retreat this time was different from the last time. In their opinion, they would be able to kill the Dragon Palace in half a month.

This retreat would probably mean that they would leave the imperial star field forever and become a stray dog.

However, he also knew that if he did not retreat, he would be destroyed.

At that moment, if he retreated to the Heaven Magus region and completely allied himself with the formation Shaman Association, there was still a chance for him to take revenge.

"Retreat, Retreat!"

"All elders and deacons, organize a retreat."

When the imperial court's protectors heard their great ancestor's words, they immediately roared loudly!

"Retreat!"

"Run, run, run, run away from here!"

When some of the imperial court's disciples heard this order, great joy appeared on their faces and they immediately roared.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The powerhouses of the imperial court released a series of defenses and quickly retreated.

"Members of the Wizard Association, Retreat!"

The wizard looked at his subordinates below and ordered with a solemn expression.

"Sir Wizard, do you want to directly retreat back to the Divine Kingdom?"

The entire Wizard Association was not defeated like the imperial court. After receiving the order, a powerhouse of the Wizard Association asked.

"No, we can't do that, Wizard. All the experts from the imperial court have their own divine kingdoms with them. Once the experts from the Wizard Association escape, the disciples of the imperial court will be finished!"

As soon as the expert from the Wizard Association finished his words, the Emperor said excitedly.

All the experts from the imperial court had their own divine kingdoms with them.

They could not escape in an instant.

Once the powerhouses of the Witch Formation Association escaped, the Dragon Palace would change their target and attack the disciples of the imperial court. Would the imperial court be able to escape one-tenth of that?

"Retreat while fighting."

The Wizard of the Witch Formation Association pondered for a moment and ordered his disciple.

"It's Sir Wizard. Retreat while fighting!"

The powerhouse of the Witch Formation Association replied immediately.

"You want to escape?"

A hint of coldness flashed across Wang Xian's eyes when he heard their words.

His gaze swept across the surroundings and landed on the heavenly formation.

"Heavenly Formation, tie down the four celestial emperors of the Shamans Association. The blazing divine star will assist the Heavenly Formation!"

"Xiao Lan, order all the Abyssal Beasts to attack. Keep attacking. If they escape, we will pursue and kill them!"

"All the disciples of the Dragon Palace, pursue and kill them!"

"You want to destroy our Dragon Palace? Do you think it's that easy to escape now that you want to leave? Hahaha, kill them all!"

Wang Xian roared furiously.

You are not a match for the Dragon Palace now, so how can you leave so easily?

"It's the Dragon King!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's order, Heaven Array's aura trembled again. His eyes were filled with killing intent.

"The four members of the Shamans Association, you can either escape back to your void God realm in an instant or be trapped here by me!"

"Nine God Formation, Burn!"

The Heaven Formation roared.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Ao fenghuang and the rest controlled the blazing divine star to change its direction. The moment any god-emperor of the success Wizard Association wanted to escape, they would immediately attack.

"Wu Wu Wu!"

Xiao Lan let out a roar. At the same time, she transmitted it to the other two abyss seeds of the void God Emperor.

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Even without Wang Xian's orders, the berserk abyss seeds wanted to pursue and kill them.

"All of you..."

When the monarch heard Wang Xian's words, his breathing stopped for a moment. His eyes were extremely red.

He knew Wang Xian's plan.

The Heaven Array relied on this blessed land and had the geographical advantage to be able to fight against the four God emperors of the Witch Association.

Once they left this place, the Heaven Array God Emperor would not be able to fight against the four God emperors of the Witch Association.

By locking the four of them here, the Dragon King and the other celestial emperors would be able to balance them.

Below them, the abyssal seed and the members of the Dragon Palace were still able to hunt down and kill the disciples of the imperial court!

If they continued to chase after them, the disciples of the imperial court would suffer heavy losses.

"Die!"

The Celestial Emperor's expression was a little crazy. He attacked Wang Xian and the rest in an incomparably violent manner.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled coldly and the rest immediately went up to block him.

"Run, run, run!"

"Hurry up and run!"

At the position below, everyone from the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association started to run.

"Chase, Kill!"

Prime Minister Gui immediately gave the order to chase and roared loudly.

"Boom, Boom, Boom!"

All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately attacked from behind.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Countless abyssal creatures also roared and chased after them from the back.

"Witch Legion, help the imperial court."

Because the blazing divine star helped the Heaven Array to drag in four god Emperors of the Witch Formation Association, the experts of the Witch Legion were left empty.

The leader of the Witch Legion pondered for a moment and gave an order.

The Witch Legion was the strongest Legion of the Witch Formation Association. Those who could enter were all array masters.

Among them, there were more than ten peak divine king experts.

"Many thanks to the experts of the formation Wizard Association. Our imperial court is eternally grateful."

In the sky, a divine emperor of the imperial court saw this scene and thanked them.

"Run, run, run. Our Wizard Apprentice Legion can't protect all the people of your imperial court all the time."

The leader of the Wizard Apprentice Legion shouted loudly.

Even if the blazing divine star did not suppress them, as array masters, their combat power would be greatly reduced if they did not pull away and did not have the geographical advantage.

Once an array master was close to them, they could be easily killed by those of the same level. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Secondly, there were too many abyss seeds, and there were too many powerful abyss seeds. They fought with the abyss seeds, and the abyss seeds died. The Dragon Palace did not suffer too much loss.

However, their loss was a real loss.

Hence, a scene that no one could have imagined happened. The imperial court and the Wizard Association began to flee!