Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2825: 2,825 new emperors were born 7

"There are 3 pinnacle undying god Emperor Abyss species here, their speed is too fast, requesting reinforcements."

"Not good, the Dragon Palace archers are attacking us, quickly dodge, quickly dodge."

"Use the god country to block, even if the god country collapses, it's fine as long as they are still alive."

Rumble Rumble Rumble

In the north of the Imperial Court Island, the hundreds of millions of imperial court disciples and warriors that had come with their auras were almost rolling and crawling.

It was still fine for the Witch Formation Association. All of them were top experts, so it was easy for them to escape if they wanted to.

However, 90% of the experts in the imperial court were at the god Lord level.

Faced with the attacks of the dragon palace and the abyss species, they could only retreat little by little.

The speed of their retreat was very slow.

If the experts of the Witch Formation Association had not blocked most of the attacks of the Dragon Palace, the people of the Witch Formation Association would not have been able to escape far.

Even so, they would lose a large number of disciples and experts every time they escaped a certain distance.

This was a bloody path.

"Roar!"

In the sky, the overlord of the imperial court and the other two celestial emperors were roaring furiously.

When they were in the sky, they fought with Wang Xian and the rest while retreating with the team.

Their eyes swept down and their hearts were bleeding. At every moment, the experts and disciples of the imperial court were being hunted by the Dragon Palace and the abyss seed.

It was hard for them to imagine how many more powerhouses and disciples of the imperial court would be able to survive if the hunt continued.

"Dragon Palace! Dragon Palace!"

"Just you wait!"

The overlord of the imperial court was filled with helplessness and anger as he roared.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at his furious look and smiled coldly.

The winner takes all.

If the Dragon Palace was defeated, everyone in the Dragon Palace would be wiped out. Even the northern stream sect and the rest would be wiped out.

Now that they were defeated, they would have to pay a heavy price!

Wang Xian knew that they were not the ones who started this war.

As for how many people would die, that was the decision of the powerhouses of the imperial court.

In the sky, the group of Celestial Emperors were fighting as they followed the formation of the imperial court.

Wang Xian and the rest knew that with their strength, they would not be able to hold back the group of celestial emperors. All they had to do was to hold them back.

Hold them back and kill the powerhouses and disciples of the Imperial Court of Cheng Witch Association.

A vast war was slowly moving towards the north.

This war was no less tragic than the Battle of the Imperial Court of Cheng Witch Association back then.

As time passed, the bloody road continued to spread below.

The fresh blood made countless abyssal seeds extremely excited. They were chasing after the enemies with a murderous aura.

The number of disciples and experts of the imperial court decreased rapidly.

The entire void was filled with the smell of blood.

Not far behind them, the disciples of the Beichuan sect stopped an hour later.

"Gulp, who would have thought that this would happen? The imperial court and the Wizard Association lost so miserably!"

"It's the Dragon Palace that's too strong. The imperial court is about to be driven out of the Imperial Star Field. They probably won't dare to enter the Imperial Star Field in the future."

"Hahaha, hierarch, we're going to rise up. We're going to be rich. The imperial court is going to decline, and a new king is going to rise up. We're going to be the subjects of the Dragon Palace. We're going to be rich!"

"After the imperial court escapes, the Dragon Palace will take over the entire imperial court's territory. The Dragon Palace only has four to five hundred thousand members. We've always stood on the Dragon Palace's side. We're the closest subjects of the Dragon Palace. With the birth of a new king, we'll rise up completely."

Last month, the people from the Beichuan sect, the ancient God dynasty, and the Dragon Python group all stopped and swallowed their saliva.

The experts shouted excitedly.

The imperial court fell from the altar, and a new king of the Dragon Palace was born.

They were on the side of the Dragon Palace, and as the ministers of the Dragon Palace, they would also rise up quickly.

With the protection of the Dragon Palace in the future, who would dare to provoke them in the entire imperial star area?

Most importantly, with the Dragon Palace taking the throne, the Abyss would have to bow down to them.

After the Abyss was pacified, the entire imperial star area would not be in great danger.

They would be truly prosperous.

At the thought of this, all the people from their forces revealed excited and excited expressions.

...

"The invincible legions of the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association have already passed by our side for more than ten hours. I wonder how the situation on the imperial court island is."

"The number of the Witch Formation Association doesn't seem to be many, but their power is really terrifying. The Witch Formation Association is much more powerful than the imperial court. If they join hands, it will be very easy for them to destroy the Dragon Palace."

"At this time, the Dragon Palace might have been defeated and destroyed."

"Yes, the two sides are not on the same level at all. Although the Dragon Palace is powerful and rising strongly, it can be called the eighth most powerful force in the starry sky. But after all, how can it resist the joint attack of two powerful forces?"

At this moment, on a planet in the north of the imperial court's territory, the whole planet was talking about the joint attack of the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association on the Dragon Palace. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Especially when they saw the army of the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association fly past them not long ago.

They could not see the situation on the battlefield, but almost no one was optimistic about the Dragon Palace.

The joint attack of the two forces in the starry sky could not be resisted by anyone.

In their eyes, the Dragon Palace couldn't either.

The AI was also discussing the situation of this battle and making guesses.

Almost 100% of the people didn't think the Dragon Palace could win.

Boom! Boom! Boom

Roar! Roar! Roar

"Dodge, Dodge!"

"Ahhhh!"

Suddenly, terrifying sounds came from the calm void.

The terrifying collision was filled with violent roars filled with killing intent.

Hurried shouts and screams.

All sorts of sounds charged towards this calm planet.

At the same time, waves of vast energy charged towards this direction.

That Energy, just the aftershocks alone could destroy a weak planet.

"What's going on?"

"What's happening?"

"Oh my God, Look! There are experts fighting over there!"

"Those are the people from the imperial court and the Golden Elephant of the Witch Formation Association. Look above, it's the god Emperor Fighting!"

"The imperial court and the Witch Formation Association are fighting with the Dragon Palace and the Abyss. No, the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association are running away. Oh My God, how is this possible?"

"The Dragon Palace is chasing after the Witch Formation Association and the Imperial Court. Hiss, the Dragon Palace is chasing after the two forces!"

When the vast power and all kinds of voices were heard, some experts on the planet immediately flew into the void.

When they saw what was happening over there, they widened their eyes in disbelief.

What did they see?

The Dragon Palace was leading the abyssal seed to hunt down the imperial court and the Witch Association!

They were fleeing in defeat!

How could this be possible?