Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2826: new king worship 1

"Defend, defend with all your strength!"

"Retreat, retreat, retreat quickly."

"Ah Ah Ah!"

"Boom Boom Boom!"

On a planet in the north of the imperial court's territory, everyone looked to the right in a daze.

There were hundreds of billions of people in the imperial court, and countless divine kingdoms stood in the void.

The sounds of battle and fighting were endless.

The vast team retreated toward the north.

Behind them, the Dragon Palace was pursuing them, and the abyss seed was pursuing them.

They could clearly see that a bloody scar had appeared in the void.

The entire team slowly disappeared into the north, disappearing from everyone's sight.

"In the sky, how many divine emperors are fighting against the imperial court and the god Emperors of the Wizard Association? Those are all... The Divine Emperors of the Dragon Palace?"

"There are more than ten god-emperors. The Dragon Palace has more than ten god-emperors. How is this possible?"

"The imperial court and the Witch Formation are defeated? The Dragon Palace is chasing them for hundreds of millions of miles? There are more than ten god-emperors in the Dragon Palace? Does anyone believe this?"

"If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it."

Countless people stood in the sky above the planet and roared in shock.

The scene just now was too shocking.

"The Dragon Palace is going to rise and a new king is going to be born!"

An elder murmured.

"The imperial star area is going to change. The imperial court is going to fall and a new king of the Dragon Palace is going to be born!"

"The Dragon Palace has more than ten divine emperors. They are going to fight against the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association alone. They are going after the disciples of the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association for hundreds of millions of miles. They are too powerful!"

"Hiss! The result of the war has been announced. The Dragon Palace has won a great victory. The imperial court and the Wizard Association are running away. Who would have thought that it would end up like this?"

"It's too bad. The Dragon Palace is leading the abyssal seed to hunt down the experts of the imperial court and the Wizard Association."

Soon, the people on this planet uploaded the news to the AI with shocked faces.

"Those who spread rumors should be executed. Even if you want to Brag, you have to make a rough draft. The Dragon Palace has more than a dozen God emperors. Do you know what it means to have more than a dozen God Emperors?"? "The imperial court has stood for more than 600 million years. At most, there were only five God emperors. In the entire imperial star field, including history, there haven't been more than six God emperors that exist at the same time."

"PFFT, you're F * cking good at lying. What kind of strength does the Wizard Association have? One person can resist at least two people of the same level. How can the Dragon Palace be their opponent?"

"Let's not talk about other things. The Dragon Palace has more than a dozen God emperors. They're bragging too much. No, they're bragging too much. At this time, the one running away is the Dragon Palace, right?"

When this news was first spread to the AI, the people who saw this news did not have the slightest change in expression.

This news was obviously fake. This was too f * cking good at bragging.

Looking at the history of the imperial star field that was more than a billion years old, there were less than twenty divine emperors in total.

There were less than six divine emperors that existed at the same time.

You said that the Dragon Palace had more than ten divine emperors?

Who would believe that?

This was too fake.

Almost no one believed this kind of news. Even after hundreds of millions of people replied to this information, no one believed it.

Because there were more than a trillion people in the imperial star field. Hundreds of millions of people's replies were equivalent to a few people against 10,000 people.

Not many people believed it.

This made everyone on that planet feel helpless.

The scene just now was too shocking. They did not have the time to take photos or videos.

However, within a few hours, this kind of news appeared again.

However, this time, there was a clear video.

In the video, in the sky, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace led more than ten divine emperors to attack the monarch of the imperial court, the Wizards of the Wizard Association, and the others.

Below them, the experts of the dragon palace and countless abyssal creatures were chasing after the disciples of the imperial court and the Wizard Association.

In the video, they could clearly hear the screams.

They could see a long bloody scar in the void.

It was a bloody escape route.

When everyone saw this video, their bodies trembled and their faces were filled with disbelief.

"This... This is actually real. The Dragon Palace actually defeated the imperial court and the Wizard Association. Those are two peak powers!"

"Hiss, the Dragon Palace actually has more than ten divine emperors. This is more than ten divine emperors. The Dragon Palace is going against the Heavens!"

"The Dragon Palace has already gone against the heavens. They have gone against the heavens and achieved the throne!"

"The imperial court and the others have fled. In the future, our imperial star field will belong to the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon Palace will be the King!"

Countless people shouted with their eyes wide open.

They stared at the AI and their bodies trembled.

The Dragon Palace had defied the heavens and become the King!

They knew that the sky of the imperial star area was about to change.

Everyone felt that it was unbelievable how powerful the Dragon Palace was.

It was terrifying to resist the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association alone.

Time passed slowly and more and more news of the Dragon Palace chasing after the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association came.

They were all from some planets in the north of the imperial court's territory.

More and more videos were posted on the AI.

This shocking scene stunned everyone.

In the next two days, more and more videos were posted. At this time, the people of the imperial star field also found out.

The Dragon Palace led the abyssal seed to hunt down the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association. They had already hunted down half of the imperial court's territory.

They had hunted them down for countless billions of miles.

From the time when the video was released, everyone in the imperial star area could see that the number of disciples of the imperial court was decreasing rapidly.

No one could imagine how much the imperial court had lost in this battle.

And this road of escape was also known as the bloody road.

"According to the latest news, the night clan on the Night Cold Island has fled to the south and entered the void. They should have escaped from the imperial star area."

Not long after, a piece of news came from the Night Cold Island.

The Night Cold Island was the base camp of the night race. It was also a faction that had stood firm for hundreds of millions of years.

Its ancestor was a god Emperor. Not long ago, a god Emperor had been born, pushing the night race to the peak.

However, because he had offended the dragon king, the night God Emperor had become the fastest god Emperor to fall.

Now, after learning that the Dragon Palace had defeated the imperial court and the Wizard Association and had more than ten God emperors, he immediately fled.

This was because they knew that if they did not flee, they would be destroyed.

After all, the night God Emperor had once killed the Dragon King's disciple.

Once this news was released, everyone could feel that the sky of the imperial star field had truly changed.

In the future, the Master of the Imperial Star Field would be the Dragon Palace.

With more than ten God emperors guarding the Dragon Palace, it would have a prestige that far surpassed the imperial court in the future. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Who dared to disobey the eye-gazing emperor star field?

"Order all the experts of the big sects to take most of the treasures in the Nine Heavens Treasury to the center of the Imperial Court Island and prepare to pay respects to the new King!"

"Take all the disciples and gifts. We, Duan Tian, will immediately go to the imperial court island to welcome the new king and pay our respects to the new King!"

On the Demon Island, the two big sects, nine heavens and Duan Tian, saw videos after videos after they heard the result.

They couldn't sit still any longer and immediately brought a large number of treasures to the imperial court!

To pay respects to the new king!