Chapter 2827: new king worship 2

"According to the news from the Demon Island, the nine clouds sect, the heaven-breaking sect, and the other forces from the Demon Island are going to the Imperial Court Island to welcome the Dragon King and pay their respects to the new King

"In the territory of the imperial court, some consuls who haven't been taken away by the imperial court are going to the imperial court island to pay their respects to the new king, too

"The imperial star area has completely changed. I guess all the powerful forces have to pay a visit to the Dragon Palace!"

"The Dragon Palace is too powerful. Even if the Dragon Palace wants to unify the entire imperial star area with just a word, no force will dare to oppose it!"

"This is a position earned through strength. who dares to be arrogant in front of the Dragon Palace Now?"

On the AI, the news that Jiuxiao Duantian and the other major sects and forces were heading to the imperial court's Island was immediately spread to the AI.

The rest of the people in the imperial star area were not surprised by their actions.

The current Dragon Palace was too terrifying.

After the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association were hunted down by the Dragon Palace and fled to the Celestial Wizard territory, which other forces in the imperial star area would dare to mess around in front of the Dragon Palace in the future?

The night clan of the Cold Night Island had fled in fear. The other factions did not offend the Dragon Palace, so they naturally had to go over and curry favor with them.

Otherwise, the Dragon Palace could send any divine emperor to exterminate the entire sect in the future!

"Stop!"

While the entire imperial star area was boiling with excitement and shock, Wang Xian, who was in the void of the imperial star area, stared ahead and said.

It had been four days since the pursuit began. During these four days, countless experts of the imperial court had been killed or injured. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Basically, all the weaklings of the imperial court had been killed.

From the center of the Imperial Court's Island to here, if the pursuit continued, they would probably reach the Heaven Wizard region.

And during the four days of pursuit, only the experts of the imperial court survived.

Even the weaker ones were now in the divine kingdoms of these experts.

They wouldn't be able to kill many people if they continued their pursuit.

As soon as he finished his sentence, the members of the Dragon Palace stopped their attacks. Ao Qitian, AO xingmu, and the rest also stopped pestering the overlord of the imperial court.

"Huff, Huff, Huff!"

Seeing that Wang Xian and the rest had stopped, the overlord of the imperial court panted heavily and stared at Wang Xian with his blood-red eyes.

"Hehe, what's the use of staring at me? Didn't I Chase You for four days?"

"Didn't I still want to get out of the imperial star area and become a stray dog?"

He looked at the imperial court monarch and said with a face full of ridicule.

"Hu hu!"

The imperial court monarch clenched his arms and gritted his teeth. He didn't say anything.

Because during these four days, he had been violent and angry.

But it wasn't of any use.

"Wu Wu Wu!"

"Roar Roar Roar!"

Beside them, Xiao Lan and the Divine Emperor Abyss Seed roared and all the abyss seeds stopped attacking.

"Hu hu!"

"Finally, finally... They survived."

"They stopped, they stopped chasing!"

In the front, all the disciples of the imperial court saw that the abyss seed and the Dragon Palace stopped attacking and flew forward for a few minutes before they turned their heads and roared in fear.

Their eyes swept across their companions and their bodies trembled slightly.

These four days were hell for them.

All of them would never forget what had happened during these four days.

"I'm warning you, the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association. From now on, the imperial star field will be the territory of our Dragon Palace. Anyone who trespasses will be killed without mercy!"

"Hahaha, let's Go!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the surroundings and let out a hearty laugh. Then, he flew straight to the back.

His words were just a casual remark. In the future, when the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association became powerful, it was impossible for them not to attack.

However, before that, the Dragon Palace might invade the Heaven Wizard Field in advance.

He turned around and flew out. All the members of the Dragon Palace immediately followed behind him.

"Roar! Roar! Roar!"

Countless Abyss roared and followed behind him.

Behind him, everyone from the imperial court and the Wizard Association trembled slightly as they watched the Dragon Palace leave and the Dragon King leave.

Their eyes were filled with deep-seated hatred.

"Monarch, go back. We need to take a long-term view on some matters!"

The Wizard's eyes flickered as he watched the people from the Dragon Palace leave. His expression was also very ugly.

This was their first battle against the Dragon Palace and the divine sky array emperor. They had completely lost the first battle.

There would be another battle in the near future, a decisive battle.

At that time, it would either be the destruction of the Wizard Association or the destruction of the Dragon Palace and the divine sky array.

As the leader of a peak force, he knew that this was not the time to be upset or frightened.

Instead, he had to prepare for revenge at all costs!

"Let's Go!"

The monarch of the imperial court closed his eyes slightly. After hesitating for a few seconds, he opened them and replied expressionlessly.

They were all top geniuses and legendary existences in this brilliant starry sky. They had their own tenacity and temperament.

All the people of the imperial court followed the Witch Formation Association to the Sky Shaman Region.

This also represented the complete alliance between the two factions.

Perhaps they would only end their alliance after the Dragon Palace was destroyed.

"Dragon King, the entire imperial star field and the entire imperial court will belong to the Dragon Palace!"

In the starry sky, Prime Minister GUI roared with excitement and excitement.

"Yes, the entire imperial court and the entire imperial star field will belong to the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, Wang Xian was also in high spirits.

The entire imperial star field was so huge that it would take him a few months to fly from the east to the west.

Such a vast starry sky was the territory of the Dragon Palace.

In the past, the Dragon Palace controlled an ocean. Now, it was a sea of stars.

"Qing Yue, get Xiao Lan and the rest to send a bunch of abyss seeds into the abyss. Tell them that the Abyss is their territory now and they are prohibited from invading other places."

Wang Xian looked at qingyue and said to her.

"Alright, Xiao Xian!"

Lan qingyue nodded her head.

Wang Xian did not kill all the abyssal seeds. Although they had no intelligence and only knew how to kill, the abyssal seeds were considered comrades-in-arms during these two wars.

Although he could obtain many resources by killing them, he still did not do so.

An enemy was an enemy. No matter how holy or kind the other party was, an enemy was an enemy.

A friend was a friend, even if the other party had no intelligence.

"Let's go back to the Dragon Palace immediately!"

Wang Xian said to all the members of the Dragon Palace.

"It's the Dragon King!"

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace let out an excited roar and disappeared in an instant.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

The next moment, everyone returned to the main Dragon Palace.

"Prime Minister Gui, move the main dragon palace to the sea on the imperial court island and start counting the spoils of war!"

Wang Xian returned to the Dragon Palace and ordered Prime Minister Gui directly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

Wang Xian moved his body and arrived at the Dragon Palace on the central island of the imperial court through the teleportation formation.

"Xiao Xian!"

"Xiao Xian!"

As soon as he arrived, a group of girls sensed his aura. They flew over immediately and shouted happily.

"Great victory, ladies. From now on, the entire imperial court and the entire imperial star field will be the domain of our Dragon Palace!"

Wang Xian spread his arms and said happily.