Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2828: new king worship 3

"That's Great!"

The girls were all excited. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Not to mention the entire imperial star field, but even the entire imperial court island belonged to the Dragon Palace. They were already very happy.

"Hahaha, Great Dragon King, look at the future when the Dragon Palace controls the Imperial Star Field. Can you give me a high official title? Give me some titles."

"For example, the star goddess of the imperial star field, the little goddess who is as beautiful as a fairy, the most beautiful goddess in the imperial star field, and the most adorable star goddess of the Imperial Star Field?"

From the side, the star goddess of the imperial star field said excitedly.

The imperial court had suffered a great defeat, and the Dragon Palace was the king. The imperial star field belonged to the Dragon Palace. Who else would dare to provoke her in the imperial star field?

In the future, she could do whatever she wanted.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian looked at her and smiled. "It depends on your performance."

"Dragon King, the Nine Heavens Sect and the heaven breaking sect outside are requesting an audience."

At this moment, a civil official of the Dragon Palace suddenly flew over and reported to Wang Xian.

"Alright, let's settle some serious matters first. Once we're done, we'll have time to stroll around the Imperial Star Field."

Wang Xian said to the girls.

"Yes, we need to settle it. There are too few people on the imperial court island. We need to bring all the famous delicacies, clothes, and so on from the Imperial Star Field."

Feng Luan said with a smile.

"Yes, yes, let's make the imperial court island livelier."

The girls immediately said with anticipation.

As the Imperial Court Island, with just a word from the dragon palace, countless people would flock here.

After all, as the center of the Imperial Star Field, the resources, spiritual energy, and living conditions here were the best in the entire imperial star field.

In the past, if one wanted to enter the island of the imperial court, one had to be either a disciple of the imperial court or an expert.

Huala

As they spoke, Wang Xian and the rest flew out of the sea.

Wang Xian scanned the surrounding mountains and rivers with a smile on his face.

"In the future, this place will no longer be the imperial court's Island but the Dragon Island!"

He said with a smile on his face.

"Let's go and take a look!"

Wang Xian flew toward the vast palace in the middle with a smile on his face.

"Dragon King!"

As soon as he arrived in the sky above the vast palace, the heaven array greeted him with a smile on his face.

"How are the few people from the Formation Sorcery Association?"

He asked with a smile.

"On the third day after you guys chased after them, they teleported back to their own void God realm."

Tian Chen said with a smile.

"Dragon King, a bunch of factions want to pay a visit to you. They said that they would be loyal to our Dragon Palace in the future and listen to our orders. They brought a lot of treasures and are waiting at the front."

The Heaven Array came to Wang Xian's side and continued.

"Let's go and take a look. There aren't many people on the Dragon Island now. Lure some forces over and let them manage it!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly. Then, he looked at Feng Luan and the rest of the girls and said, "From now on, you guys can manage the Dragon Island and even the imperial star field. You guys can manage it however you want."

He said with a smile.

Wang Xian didn't want to ask about anything. Moreover, Feng Luan had been an empress before, so it shouldn't be a problem for her to manage some things.

Although the current domain was hundreds of millions of times larger than before, billions of times larger.

However, they could manage it however they wanted. who had any objections?

"Hehe, sure!"

The group of girls nodded their heads happily. It was fun to be a dignified hostess occasionally.

"Wow, Qingyue Yinxuan, you can give me hundreds of titles when the time comes. hahaha!"

The imperial star girl's exaggerated and excited laughter came from the side.

"Dragon Island is a good name."

"It's also good to have a group of Dragon Queens manage the imperial star field in the future."

Tian Chen smiled and flattered them. He was in a very good mood.

Now that he had recovered more than half of his strength, he would be able to defeat the Witch Formation Association again.

He was very happy. As long as his strength was restored to its peak after a period of time, and the Dragon Palace's strength increased a little, he would be able to attack the Witch Association, eliminate the traitors, and eliminate that bunch of fellows.

"Dragon King!"

Boom

In front of them, an incomparably huge door was pushed open by the members of the Dragon Palace. Wang Xian and the rest walked over.

The entire vast palace was tens of thousands of meters tall. It was very shocking to walk here.

The floors, walls, and every building were filled with art and luxury.

"The Dragon King Is Here!"

"The Dragon King and the others are here, and so is the divine emperor of Heaven Array!"

At this moment, tens of millions of experts and disciples were standing in a square in front of the vast divine palace.

In the middle of the square were the experts and disciples of the Great Sect, the Beichuan sect, the Dragon Python group, and the Ancient God dynasty from last month.

On both sides were the experts and disciples of the nine heavens breaking great cult and the other forces.

When they saw the Dragon King and the others coming over, they all had respectful expressions on their faces.

They had defeated the imperial court, resisted the formation of Sorcerers Association, and pursued the formation of Sorcerers Association for hundreds of millions of kilometers. In their eyes, the current Dragon Palace was invincible!

Facing an invincible existence, they didn't dare to be impudent or disrespectful.

"Greetings, Dragon King. Congratulations on the control of the imperial star field by the Dragon Palace!"

"Greetings, Dragon King. Congratulations on the control of the imperial star field by the Dragon Palace!"

When Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the front, the experts from the nine clouds sect, the heaven-breaking sect, and the Great sect from last month kneeled on the ground and shouted loudly.

Behind them, all the disciples hurriedly kneeled on the ground as well. They were all very respectful!

They were all kneeling and worshipping!

Even the two patriarchs of the nine clouds sect, who were at the peak of the godly monarch realm, were not displeased.

They were not displeased at all when they were bowing so respectfully.

The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was worthy of their respect!

"Stand Up!"

Wang Xian swept his gaze across all of them. With a wave of his arm, a mighty force made all of them stand up.

"Thank you, Dragon King!"

All of them immediately stood up respectfully.

"Reporting to Dragon King, Our Nine Heavens sect is willing to follow the Dragon Palace's orders in the future. We will obey all of your orders. Today, we will contribute half of the Nine Heavens Treasury's accumulation!"

As soon as Patriarch Nine Heavens and the rest stood up, they immediately said respectfully.

"Reporting to Dragon King, our heaven-breaking sect will definitely obey your orders in the future. We have contributed to the sect's accumulation for tens of millions of years. Congratulations to the Dragon Palace for defeating the imperial court and becoming the Witch Union. Congratulations to Dragon King for becoming the Emperor and congratulations to the Dragon Palace for controlling the Imperial Star Field!"

The sect master of the heaven-breaking sect and the rest also stood up immediately and said with exceptional respect.

"Alright, thank you for your kindness."

Wang Xian nodded with a smile on his face.

The nine heavens heaven-breaking sect had no enmity with the Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace would naturally accept their surrender.

"Now that the Imperial Court Island is under the control of the Dragon Palace, there will be no more imperial court island in the future. It will be changed to the Dragon Island."

"The Dragon Island is very big. There are only 400,000 to 500,000 disciples from the Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace will accept a batch of people to enter the Dragon Island."

"Beichuan sect, last month, ancient God dynasty, Dragon Python group, move your disciples here."

"Jiuxiao Duantian, the rest of your forces will also move their disciples here. We will discuss some specific matters later."

Wang Xian said faintly.

"Thank you, Dragon King. Thank you, Dragon King!"

Upon hearing Wang Xian's words, everyone from the other forces quickly knelt on the ground and bowed again with excitement.