Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2829: new king worship 4

"From today onwards, the imperial court island will be changed to the Dragon Island. There will be no more imperial court and no more Imperial Court Island!"

"All the disciples of the Beichuan sect, last month, the ancient God dynasty, and the Dragon Python group will move to the Dragon Island. They will assist Queen Dragon in taking charge of the imperial star field in the future!"

"The elite core disciples of the forces such as Jiuxiao Duantian will also be able to settle down on the Dragon Island!"

"The Dragon Palace will recruit talented people to settle down on the Dragon Island."

Soon, a few pieces of news came from the Dragon Palace.

First, the imperial court had changed its name to the Dragon Island. No one in the imperial star area was surprised.

After all, the imperial court had been defeated and the Dragon Palace had taken over all the territories of the imperial court. It was impossible for them to use the name of the Imperial Court Island.

The next few pieces of news made everyone extremely envious.

However, the last piece of information also made many people's Hearts Burn.

"Last month, the Great Cult, the Beichuan sect, the ancient God dynasty, and the Dragon Python group won the bet. They've always been on the side of the Dragon Palace. They're the ministers of the Dragon, and now all the disciples can live on the Dragon Island. This is like reaching the sky in one step."

"The forces of Nine Heavens Breaking Sky and the others aren't bad either. All the elite core disciples can live on the Dragon Island. You have to know that the Dragon Island is the most abundant paradise in the imperial star area."

"The entire Dragon Palace seems to have only 400,000 to 500,000 members. The entire Dragon Island can accommodate at least hundreds of billions of people. I really envy the Beichuan sect. It's so enviable!"

"I heard from the disciples of the Beichuan sect that the Dragon King is not going to manage the imperial star field from now on. Instead, he will be handed over to a few dragon queens of the Dragon Palace to manage. The Dragon Palace is going to recruit talented people. I heard that this talented person is from all walks of life. He is good at cooking and has the opportunity to live on the Dragon Island."

"I'm going to the Dragon Island. There are a lot of places on the Dragon Island now. I hope to settle down there, the core of the entire imperial star area!"

After the shock of the Dragon Palace defeating the imperial court and the Wizard Association subsided, everyone started to talk about the Dragon Palace's next actions. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

These decisions and actions were related to the fate of many people in the imperial star area.

Especially after these few pieces of news were spread out, the entire AI was discussing it.

Many wealthy businessmen and powerhouses were slightly excited and wanted to settle down on the Dragon Island.

...

"Do whatever you want."

It had been three days since the last time a group of forces came to pay a visit. In a vast palace on the Dragon Island, Wang Xian was slightly speechless as he spoke to the group of girls in front of him.

"Hehehe, then let's rebuild the Dragon Phoenix Divine Dynasty and let our Divine Dynasty become famous in the Imperial Star Field!"

Guan Shuqing and the rest said excitedly from the side.

In front of them were the sect master of the Beichuan sect, the Patriarch of the chief sect last month, as well as the experts from the ancient God dynasty's dragon Python group. Their expressions were very interesting at this moment.

Something that none of them expected had happened.

They all knew that the Dragon Palace only had a few hundred thousand disciples.

They thought that the Dragon Palace would recruit experts, but it didn't happen.

Moreover, the Dragon King would hand over the matters of the imperial star field and even the Dragon Island to the Dragon Queens in the future.

And they didn't know what to do with the actions of the Dragon Queens.

The Dragon Queens were preparing to establish a dynasty, the Dragon Phoenix dynasty.

Establish a divine dynasty?

Now, a power like last month was no longer restricted by the titles of sects, divine dynasties, or groups.

Instead, they were directly establishing a divine dynasty like last month, nine heavens, and Duan Tian, which was very high-class.

But the Dragon Queens wanted to establish a divine dynasty.

The Dragon Phoenix Divine Dynasty, and the Dragon Queens were the empress.

This...

"If the Dragon Queens want to establish a divine dynasty, we are willing to join the Dragon Phoenix Divine Dynasty and listen to the Dragon Queens'orders."

However, the experts from last month's sect immediately said with smiles on their faces.

What a joke. So what if the Dragon Queens established a dynasty on the Dragon Island and in the Emperor Star Field?

The Dragon Queens, especially the blue-green Moon Dragon Queen, had two god-emperor-level battle pets.

The other Dragon Queens and the god-emperor members of the Dragon Palace also bowed respectfully.

At first, they thought that the Tiancheng god-emperor, who had fallen thousands of years ago, should have a similar status to the Dragon King and had joined the Dragon Palace with a hint of cooperation.

But now they realized that they were wrong. The Tiancheng god-emperor was a member of the Dragon Palace and a subordinate of the Dragon King.

His status might be high, but it was not as high as the Dragon Queens.

Putting everything else aside, the Dragon Queens of the Dragon Palace said that they wanted to establish a dynasty and control the imperial star field. Who would object?

Who would dare object?

Moreover, when the Nine Heavens Heaven breaking great sect found out that the Dragon Queens had established a divine dynasty, they couldn't wait to come over and kowtow to them respectfully.

Naturally, they couldn't let go of this opportunity.

"Good. Since you've taken over the Imperial Court's territory, you must manage it well. It's impossible for the Dragon Palace to send someone out to manage it. You people from your forces will join in to manage some problems."

Feng Luan immediately nodded when she heard their words.

It was very difficult to manage a large territory, but fortunately, they only needed to manage it according to some of the previous order of the imperial court.

With perfect laws, they didn't need to waste their energy anymore.

They only needed to be responsible for supervising it.

"Sister Feng Luan, I also want a title of Empress. How about I call myself the star Empress from now on?"

At this moment, Emperor Star Lady suddenly spoke.

"No, you're too weak."

Without waiting for Feng Luan to reply, Wang Xian spoke up.

Feng Luan, Guan Shuqing and the rest had the combat strength of an immortal King Level 9. It was fine for them to call themselves the empress.

However, Emperor Star Lady only had the combat strength of an immortal King Level 1.

She was called the Empress Just Like That?

"How can I not? Wang Xian, why don't you just raise my strength?"

The Emperor Star Lady said unhappily.

"Yes, yes, as long as we agree."

"In a few days, we'll let Little Xian raise your strength."

At the side, Lan Qingyue and Tang Yinxuan held onto the Emperor Star Lady's arm and said with a smile.

"Hehe, Qingyue and yinxuan are the best!"

Emperor Star Lady said happily.

"Bei Shuang, are you coming too?"

Feng Luan said to bei Shuang with a smile.

"There's no need, mistress. I Won't join in the fun."

Bei Shuang shook her head and said with a smile.

At the side, the mouths of Patriarch bei Chuan and the other experts twitched.

It was not an exaggeration to say that the Dragon Palace's power now covered the entire Emperor Star Field. The Dragon Palace could control the entire star field.

And now that the Dragon and Phoenix God dynasty was established, it also meant that the dragon and Phoenix God dynasty was in charge of the Emperor Star Field.

Such a powerful leader, yet now it was like child's play.

Immediately naming the Empress as the Empress?

Many people in the Emperor Star Empress Star Field knew her, with the current undying Emperor Level 1 strength, she could be the empress...

This...

What else could they say? It could only be said that the empress was devastatingly beautiful.

There was nothing they could do. With the Dragon Palace behind them, it wouldn't be a problem even if the dragon queens continued to cause trouble.

After all, the might of the Dragon Palace was suppressing the entire void!