Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2830: At the 2830 grand ceremony

"The dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty has been established. From today onwards, the dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty will take over all the planets within the imperial court's territory and supervise the entire imperial star area. One month later, the dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty will hold the grand ceremony!"

After the Great War, the imperial star area had calmed down slightly.

In the calmness, everyone was waiting for the news from the Dragon Island.

This news might be related to many people and hundreds of billions of life planets.

Not long after, a statement came from the Dragon Palace.

When everyone saw this news, they were slightly stunned.

"What's going on? The Dragon and Phoenix Dynasty? The Dragon Palace has established a Dynasty?"

"What's going on? How did the Dragon Palace establish a force again?"

Looking at this statement, everyone was stunned.

The Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty, what was going on?

"The Dragon King doesn't manage the imperial star field. The Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty was established by a group of Dragon Queens, who are the empress. Last month, Jiuxiao, the heaven-breaking great sect, the Beichuan sect, and the ancient God dynasty of the Dragon Python group all joined the dragon-phoenix Divine dynasty to assist the Empress."

"The Empress is in charge of the imperial star field. The dynasty-building ceremony will be held in a month. Also, the Dragon King seems to have something to announce at that time."

Soon, some news came from the Beichuan sect and some forces from the great sect last month.

"The Dragon Queen of the Dragon Palace is the empress. How could our imperial star field be taken over by the Empress?"

"This... This is the first time in the history of our imperial star field that a woman is in charge."

"It's probably because the Dragon King doesn't want to be in charge, so the dragon queens set up the dynasty. But I really envy the Dragon Queens of the Dragon Palace for becoming the Empress of the Imperial Star Field!"

"The Dragon Queens of the Dragon Palace are all top-notch experts. After all, they are the Dragon King's women. And you should know that the Dragon Queen in the Abyss has two divine emperor-level battle pets, so her strength is unfathomable."

"All the rulers of the planets will go to the dynasty-building ceremony in a month. I wonder if we can go there."

When the news spread out, everyone started to discuss.

Some of the rulers of the planets and some of the smaller forces immediately prepared to head to Dragon Island.

"Prime Minister Gui, how are the gains from this battle?"

At the same time, in the main Dragon Palace of Dragon Island.

The gains from the battle with the Imperial Court of Cheng Wizard Association had just been transferred from the Abyss. Wang Xian had yet to understand the gains from the busy few days.

"Dragon King, we didn't gain much this time. There are only eleven peak-stage immortal King Corpses."

"However, we obtained a few treasures from this battle. The Blazing Divine Star, the three divine nets of Heaven and earth, as well as the venerable's mark. The Venerable's Mark is currently at the Heaven Formation. He is currently studying it."

Prime Minister Gui immediately reported.

"Eleven? That's enough to increase the combat strength of one divine emperor in the Dragon Palace. A few treasures are equivalent to the combat strength of four divine emperors."

Wang Xian smiled.

Compared to the battle in the Abyss, the gains were much less.

However, the gains were not small either.

"Take out some resources and raise the strength of the Empress Star to Immortal King Level 9. With the establishment of the Dragon and Phoenix Celestial Empire, her strength as an empress must not be too low."

Wang Xian instructed Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

"Do you have a rough estimate of the development situation in the domain and the income from the resources?"

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and asked.

Now that he had taken over the entire imperial star field, there were hundreds of billions of life planets under his control.

These life planets were a huge amount of resources.

Just the tax revenue alone was a huge amount of resources. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"There's only a rough figure. However, the tax revenue in just one day is already a terrifying figure. One day's tax revenue can allow one thousand members of the Dragon Palace to advance to the Divine Emperor Realm."

"In addition, the main server of the artificial intelligence system, the imperial court, was not taken away. The Heaven Array changed the core data inside and took over the artificial intelligence system. The virtual industry on the artificial intelligence system is no less than the tax revenue in one day."

Prime Minister Gui said.

"Does that mean that one day's resources can increase the number of godly kings in the Dragon Palace by 2,000?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and revealed a smile on his face.

"Yes, Dragon King!"

"This is just a conservative estimate!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

"It seems that the Dragon Palace is going to add some members this time."

Wang Xian said with a smile.

"Yes, Dragon King. I suggest that we increase the number of members in the Dragon Palace to one million and double the number. With the current power of our Dragon Palace, it's very easy to recruit real elites and talented disciples."

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

As long as the Dragon Palace announced the recruitment of the members now, all the aquatic creatures in the entire imperial star field would swarm over.

"HMM, I'll announce it at the grand ceremony of the establishment of the Dragon and Phoenix Celestial Empire."

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head. After reporting a few more questions, he left immediately.

Wang Xian moved his body and arrived at the office of a group of girls, the future Empress of the Dragon and Phoenix Celestial Empire.

A group of girls were looking at the map and discussing some issues regarding the imperial star field.

Even he didn't pay much attention to them.

He smiled when he saw them and found something to do for them.

Time passed day by day, and the Dragon Island became more and more lively.

The migration of all the disciples of the Beichuan sect last month made the Dragon Island no longer empty.

More and more people came from other planets in the imperial star field to participate in the celebration of the founding of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Dynasty.

There were so many planets with life forms. As long as a few hundred people came from each planet, the entire planet would be bustling with activity.

If it weren't for the fact that too many people were restricted from entering, the entire Dragon Island might have been blocked.

Wang Xian was happy to see such a bustling scene.

The group of girls were busy preparing for the founding of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire.

On the other hand, Wang Xian was free. He strolled around the Dragon Island and studied the treasures together with the Heaven Array.

The treasure he obtained from the Cheng Sorcerer Association, the mark of a supremacy, was an extremely precious treasure in the words of the Heaven Array.

The mark of a supremacy was made from the skin of a universe master.

The mark of a supremacy was the skin of a supremacy.

It was a realm above the void God Emperor.

Such an expert was still a little far from the Dragon Palace.

"Dragon King, Tomorrow is the founding ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire. Do you want to make some preparations?"

A month's time soon arrived. Prime Minister Gui informed him.

"So soon? How are the preparations going with Shu Qing and the others?"

Wang Xian was slightly taken aback. He had lost track of time as he asked with a smile.

"Dragon King, everything is ready with the Dragon Queen. The Dragon Guards and the Heavenly Eye Arrow Division of the Dragon Palace have been dispatched by the Dragon Queen to be her guards."

"The eight-limbed demonic fiend and the rest have also been summoned by the Dragon Queen to support the situation!"

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile.

"Hehe, we will be the last to go over tomorrow. Let them live out their addiction to being an Empress!"

Wang Xian smiled and said.