Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2832

"The strength of the Imperial Star Girl has reached the ninth level of the godly monarch realm. Hiss, how... How is this possible? !"

"A month ago, she was only at the first level of the godly monarch realm. How terrifying, how terrifying. Did the Dragon King help her improve?"

"This is too abnormal. In a month's time, she has surpassed the cultivation of many godly monarchs for millions of years, or even a strength that could not be obtained even after millions of years."

Around the plaza, the ancestors of the Bei Chuan sect felt the Emperor Star Lady's power, all of them stared wide eyed in shock.

A month ago, they knew clearly that she was only at Undying Emperor Level 1.

And now she had reached Undying Emperor Level 9?

Wasn't this improvement too terrifying? Many warriors couldn't reach undying level 9 even after millions of years.

And now she had reached such a terrifying level in just a month.

Was this the power of the Dragon Palace?

Was this the reason why the Dragon Palace was rising at such a terrifying speed?

However, all of this was too heaven defying.

In the plaza, in front of the AI, everyone in the entire Emperor Star Field was shocked too.

10 out of the 11 Great Emperors had arrived, the weakest of them was at Undying Level 9.

This strength, in the current Emperor Star Field, was worthy of the title of Great Empress.

Initially, he had not thought much of great empress, thinking that it was because of the Dragon King that he became great empress. However, his thoughts were completely dispelled.

"As expected of the Dragon King's woman, throughout the entire Emperor Star Field, there's no one more noble and pure than Great Empress and the rest!"

"Too beautiful, just like the mysterious lady of the nine heavens, we can only watch from afar in awe."

"The great empresses are so beautiful, so they must be very kind-hearted. In the future, our lives will be better!"

On the AI, the citizens of the Imperial Star Field began to lick.

Perhaps it wasn't licking, this was their heartfelt thought.

After all, in their eyes, such a holy and noble goddess was definitely perfect.

"Boom Boom Boom!"

Dazzling fireworks bloomed in the sky above the Dragon Island. Fireworks in the form of dragons and phoenixes bloomed in the sky for a long time.

Buzz

On the eleven seats in front of the ceremony, Guan Shuqing, Feng Luan, Lan Qingyue, and the other girls stood there. They looked forward with a smile on their faces.

At this moment, Wang Xian's figure came to the side. The group of girls stood up with a smile.

"I have an announcement to make."

Wang Xian spoke to the group of girls and looked at everyone in the square in front of him.

"The Dragon King Is Here!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Upon seeing Wang Xian's appearance, everyone immediately bowed respectfully.

Compared to the group of Queens, the Dragon King was still the most majestic and powerful one in their hearts.

"Alright, let's announce something today. The Dragon Palace will be recruiting a batch of members. Only those with the bloodline of the water tribe will be recruited. Only the water tribe will be recruited."

"Soon, the Dragon Palace will be established in the ocean. Those who pass through the Dragon Gate of the Dragon Palace will be able to become the disciples of the Dragon Palace."

Wang Xian announced faintly to them.

As soon as he finished his sentence, Wang Xian disappeared.

"What? The Dragon Palace is expanding its members?"

"Ah, why? Why are they only recruiting members of the Water Tribe? Why?"

"Hiss, this is the good news for the Water Tribe's Heaven Fey. Once they join the Dragon Palace, they will be able to achieve a meteoric rise. Currently, the Dragon Palace only has 400,000 to 500,000 members!"

"The members of the Dragon Palace are all god-king level powerhouses. Once they join the Dragon Palace, they will definitely become god-king level powerhouses and become an existence that can shake the entire Imperial Star Field."

"Ah Ah Ah, why don't we recruit humans? Why?"

"Hahaha, spring has arrived for the Water Tribe's Sky Demon. I want to challenge the Dragon Gate. I want to join the Dragon Palace!"

At this moment, everyone widened their eyes when they heard Wang Xian's words.

Countless humans were wailing in pain while countless water tribe members were boiling.

Join the Dragon Palace!

What kind of existence was the Dragon Palace Now?

It had defeated the joint forces of the Imperial Court and the Wizard Association, and was a top force in the starry sky.

Not long ago, many people had prayed that the Dragon Palace would recruit disciples.

Now, the Dragon Palace had recruited disciples, but unfortunately, they only recruited water tribe members.

This made many humans very unwilling and wanted to vomit blood.

But for the water tribe, this was their good news.

Who would have thought that the Dragon Palace would only recruit members of the Water Tribe?

If they could break through the Dragon Gate, it would be a meteoric rise.

The entire imperial star field was in an uproar instantly. Countless water tribe heavenly demons were rubbing their fists in excitement.

It was time for the Water Tribe to make a comeback!

Wang Xian didn't pay attention to the commotion in the outside world. He was prepared to spread the dragon palace throughout the entire imperial star field in the next few years.

A grand ceremony of the establishment of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Dynasty ended under the attention of the people in the entire imperial star field.

The topic of the eleven great emperors of the imperial court and the Empress of the Emperor Star became the topic of discussion, which caused the AI to explode.

Only ten of the eleven great emperors were present. who was the last one? This also caused the entire imperial star area to make guesses.

The Empress of the Emperor Star had the strength of a level nine godly monarch, which also caused the entire imperial star area to be shocked.

This time, the most exciting event was the recruitment of members of the Dragon Palace. This became the regret of the human race, the spring of the aquatic race.

And a few days after the founding ceremony of the Dragon and Phoenix Dynasty, one thing left the people of the entire imperial star field at a loss for words... How...

This matter is Emperor Star daughter, the Empress of Dragon and Phoenix Dynasty, wants to hold a concert in Dragon Island.

The Empress is giving a concert?

A concert by a ninth-order immortal king?

Emmmm...Emmmm...Emmmm...Emmmmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...Emmm...

The people of Imperial don't know what to say.

However, they naturally had to scramble for tickets to watch the concert.

Moreover, there was news that the other empress would also be singing at the concert.

This... Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

It was a national entertainment!

They had to watch the Empress's concert even if they were on their knees.

"Xiao Xian, do you want to watch the concert between Star Lady and I?"

In the Dragon Palace, Tang Yinxuan held Wang Xian's arm and said with a smile.

"Alright, Alright. I'll go and take a look then!"

When Wang Xian heard that they were about to start singing, he was also speechless.

However, now that the Emperor Star Field had calmed down, it was good to go and take a look at their concert.

After all, he was still a child.

The Emperor Star Field, Tang Yinxuan, and the group of girls were even more like children.

Wang Xian was not even forty years old yet. In the Emperor Star Field, he was just a slightly bigger doll.

After all, those with short lifespans in the imperial star field could live for thousands to tens of thousands of years.

Forty years old was equivalent to a four-year-old kindergarten child on Earth.

And he was still a child...

"Hehe, Alright, Alright. I'll reserve the best seat for you when the time comes."

Tang Yinxuan said with a smile.

Wang Xian patted her head and nodded with a smile.

Buzz Buzz

At this moment, a trembling sound came from a spot in the Dragon Palace.

This trembling caused the entire dragon palace to tremble slightly.

"Eh?"

Wang Xian was stunned. He looked over and flew over.

"D * mn, Old Man of Heaven's formation, what the hell are you doing?"

When Wang Xian flew over, the eight-limbed demonic fiend had already rushed over and shouted towards a palace in front.