Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2833

"Dragon King!"

"Dragon King!"

When Wang Xian flew over, the eight-limbed demonic fiend and the rest immediately shouted.

The Heaven Formation that came out of the palace also bowed and shouted.

"Heaven Formation, what's Going On?"

Wang Xian asked the heaven formation curiously.

The commotion just now could cause the entire dragon palace to tremble. This was not something that an ordinary force could do.

"Dragon King, it was the mark of the venerable that triggered the movement of the incipient sacred wings!"

Heaven Array said with a bitter smile.

"Oh? Incipient sacred wings? What have you researched?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and asked immediately.

He had already researched the mark of the Venerable Heaven Array. It was the skin of an existence above the divine emperor.

He had never researched the incipient sacred wings. However, according to his guess, it should be the body of a universe mighty figure!

As for how powerful that universe great being was, he did not know. However, he was definitely much stronger than the owner of the Knight's mark.

The reason why he had not been completely annihilated was because of the endless sacred wings.

"Not yet. Just now, I placed the Knight's mark on the endless sacred wings in an attempt to perform some fusion. In the end, I triggered the power of the endless sacred wings and directly broke the Knight's Mark!"

Tian Cheng said awkwardly.

"D * mn, old man Tian Cheng, the mark of the venerable is a treasure that is comparable to a celestial emperor. How did you break it just like that?"

Mo Sha widened his eyes and asked.

"Cough, cough, it's not broken. I can repair it and use it as the foundation of the formation. I can also fight against a guy like you!"

Tian Cheng glanced at him and said unhappily.

"Have you found anything useful?"

Wang Xian asked curiously.

"Not yet. However, I can confirm that the level of the genesis wings is very high. Furthermore, I discovered that the Dragon Souls of your two clones are fusing with the genesis wings. Once the fusion is complete, something unexpected might happen!"

Tian Chen's eyes sparkled as he spoke!

Wang Xian's mind stirred slightly. He could indeed sense that the dragon souls of his two clones of wind and thunder were fusing with the incipient saint wings.

"Old Man Tian Chen, you have already discovered that the incipient saint wings are about to fuse with the Dragon King's Dragon Soul. Why are you still using the mark of the venerable to experiment?"

Ba Qi asked curiously.

"I want to test if the mark of the venerable is one with the incipient saint wings."

Tian Chen replied, "The mark of the venerable is the most precious treasure of the Wizard Association. I have known about this before. This treasure was obtained from the bhang Liu He."

"The Genesis Holy Wings was also obtained from the bhang Liu He. Hence, I wanted to test it out!"

As he spoke, he took out the mark of the venerable. A crack appeared on the originally blood-red cloth.

"What is the eight desolations and six harmonies?"

It was not the first time Wang Xian heard this term. He thought it was just a single word.

On Earth, the eight desolations referred to the east, west, south, north, southeast, northeast, southwest, northwest, and other directions.

The six harmonies referred to the upper, lower, east, west, south, and north directions.

The eight desolations and six harmonies were also known as the universe!

Clearly, in this bright starry sky, the eight desolations and six harmonies was a place name.

"Dragon King, the eight barrens and six directions are located to the east of the bright starry sky. There is a piece of cosmic void there."

"No one knows how big that area is, but we only know that the eight barrens and six directions might have some connection with the tens of thousands of races at the center of the Universe."

"Perhaps at the end of the eight barrens and six directions is the center of the universe, where the tens of thousands of races stand!"

Sky Array said with a solemn face.

The eight desolates and six harmonies was a special and powerful place.

There, east, west, south, north, southeast, northeast, southwest, northwest, and other eight directions, up, down, east, west, south, and north, all had all kinds of things.

It was unlike the Dragon Island, where the sky above the Dragon Island might be an endless void with nothing else.

However, in the eight barrens and six directions, there might be a heavenly river in the sky above an incomparably huge island.

Below the right side of the Heavenly River, there might be a star.

It was an extremely complicated starry domain. There were terrifying existences within it, as well as great opportunities.

The reason why he was called the sweep of the eight barrens and six directions back then was only because other experts were flattering him.

In fact, he might not even be able to explore one-tenth of the eight desolations and six directions.

The reason why he was called this was because back then, he had single-handedly resisted more than a dozen God emperors and was undefeated. He was called "Sweeping the eight desolations and six directions".

"The center of the universe, where tens of thousands of races stand?"

At the side, Ba Qi and Mo Sha revealed astonished expressions.

"Yes, no one knows how big the universe is. We also don't know where the center of the universe is!"

"But there are clear historical records that the universe exists in the center. That place is known as a place where tens of thousands of races exist. It is said that there is also a continent there, called the heaven opening desolate continent!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"The Dragon King has obtained the divine dragon inheritance, so he should know something about it. Our Divine Dragon Race is also one of the ten thousand races, a peak race!"

Heaven array nodded and said.

"That's right. According to the records of the Divine Dragon Inheritance, there is a center in the universe where ten thousand races are standing and countless beings are fighting for supremacy."

"The Divine Dragon Clan is just one of the races. There are quite a few existences that are comparable to the Divine Dragon Clan!"

Wang Xian nodded.

The peak races were not just the Divine Dragon Clan. There were the Phoenix clan, the Divine Tiger clan, the Xuanwu clan, the Elf clan, the shaman clan, the skeleton clan, and many others. Many of them were not weaker than the Divine Dragon Clan.

However, the current Divine Dragon Clan was no longer the Divine Dragon Clan of the past!

The current Divine Dragon Clan had completely declined, but their potential had increased by a lot.

It was because of the fusion between the Divine Dragon clan and the insect clan!

It was because of the divine dragon system.

"In that place where there are tens of thousands of clans, not only do there exist tens of thousands of clans, there are also special and powerful experts and even innate beings."

Wang Xian thought of some information regarding the inheritance of the divine dragon and continued to add.

A space behemoth that was powerful enough to defy the heavens.

The ancient god Feed Kun master that made all the races fearful.

Of course, the ancient god Feed Kun master should have been extinct in the center of the universe.

However, based on the information Wang Xian obtained, the divine dragon race might not have been completely wiped out.

The destruction of the Divine Dragon Clan was the extinction of the purebred divine dragon. The creatures that possessed the bloodline of the divine dragon were not wiped out.

Under the circumstances of great opportunities, the creatures that possessed the bloodline of the divine dragon could achieve atavism and become a true divine dragon.

As for whether the Divine Dragon clan existed in the land of myriad races in the center of the universe, he did not know.

"Old Man of Heaven's formation, are there many treasures at Bhang and Liuhe?"

Ba Qi's eyes lit up as he asked.

"There are many, but it is also very dangerous there. Some people have guessed that the eight desolation six directions is an ancient battlefield, an ancient race battlefield. There are dangers and great opportunities there. At least 80% of the divine emperors in the resplendent starry sky had a breakthrough there!"

Tian Chen nodded heavily and said.