Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2834: The change in the prieless sacred wings

"80% of the Divine Emperors were born in the eight desolation six directions. Doesn't that mean that there are many experts there?"

Eight points clicked his tongue slightly and said with a surprised expression.

80% of the divine emperors were from the eight desolation six directions. That meant that there might be many, many experts there.

"The eight desolation six directions is not located within the seven great regions. However, there are a large number of experts gathered there, especially the godly monarch experts whose lifespans have decreased. Many godly monarchs are prepared to enter before their lifespans are approaching. Whether they live or die depends on luck."

"It is also because there are more strong practitioners with this mentality. Hence, there are more breakthroughs. The number of strong practitioners gathered in the eight desolations and six harmonies is not less than the number of strong practitioners in a region. Furthermore, it is best to keep a low profile there. Otherwise, many people who are nearing their lifespans will not care about your identity."

"Furthermore, there should be quite a number of godly monarchs in the eight desolations and six harmonies. There are about 112 known godly monarchs in the seven great regions. There are 20 to 30 in the eight desolations and six harmonies."

Heaven's formation continued his introduction.

Wang Xian and the rest nodded slightly at the side.

"After the dragon palace is completely stabilized, let's go there and take a look." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Wang Xian said.

"Dragon King, I'll give you the incipient saint wings. Perhaps it won't be long before the incipient saint wings will completely fuse with the Dragon Soul."

Heaven's formation passed the incipient saint wings to Wang Xian.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian took it and looked at the bone wings that were as bright as jade.

At this moment, there was a slight change in the bone wings. There was wind and thunder energy rotating on it.

He sized it up and put it away.

In the next few days, Wang Xian attended the concert of Empress Star and Yinxuan. After that, he started to build the Dragon Palace in the Sea of the Emperor Star Field.

After the Dragon Palace was built, he began to recruit members.

A carnival that belonged to the water tribe began. The water tribe in the entire Emperor Star Field went crazy. One by one, they came to the front of the Dragon Palace to challenge the Dragon Gate.

However, it was extremely difficult to challenge the Dragon Gate.

There were very few who could enter.

However, the water tribe members who were able to challenge the Dragon Gate showed an extremely excited expression.

The number of members of the Dragon Palace was also increasing rapidly.

In just a short month, they had increased by more than 200,000.

And the weaker members who had joined the Dragon Palace immediately had their strength increased.

With the resources the Dragon Palace had obtained, it could increase by 2,000 godly monarchs every day, which was 20,000 in ten days.

The members who had joined could also quickly keep up with the Dragon Palace's pace.

As time passed, the emperor star field gradually stabilized.

The Dragon and Phoenix Divine Dynasty managed most of the Emperor Star Field. At first, the people were worried about the policies of the great empress, but later, they began to support them.

With the current policies of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Dynasty, it was at least much better than when the imperial court was in charge.

This was because when the imperial court was in charge, the disciples of the imperial court had many privileges. Even if the imperial court's godly monarch expert wanted to kill someone, he could do so.

But now, no one dared to kill anyone casually.

Once someone was killed, even the godly monarch would be punished.

Everything became fair.

When the imperial star field stabilized, the group of girls were not too busy. Hence, they brought Wang Xian along for a trip.

The entire imperial star field was extremely vast. There were countless planets and all kinds of scenery and delicacies were numerous.

This made the group of girls very excited. They began to tour the Imperial Star Field.

This tour lasted for a total of five years.

Buzz Buzz Buzz

When Wang Xian and the group of girls were at the peak of a snowy mountain...

Wang Xian suddenly felt an item in his mother nest tremble. Waves of energy were emitted from it.

"Eh?"

He was slightly shocked and his mind moved.

"What's wrong, Xiao Xian?"

The group of girls looked at him and asked in surprise.

In front of them, there were still steaming hot delicacies.

Buzz

Wang Xian did not answer them. He waved his arm and stared ahead with a twinkle in his eyes.

The uninitiated holy wings appeared in front of him. At this moment, the uninitiated holy wings had undergone a huge change compared to before.

The incipient sacred wings, which had previously emitted a jade-like glow, now had a huge change in appearance.

Green and purple light fused together, and the sound of wind and thunder mixed together.

On the entire incipient sacred wings'bone wings, there were many wind dragons with wings and thunder dragons that were densely covered in lightning.

The two divine dragons looked very small, but they were very bright.

Slowly, the wind and thunder attributes gradually separated, and the two dragons came to the two bone wings.

One dragon occupied one bone wing.

"Buzz!"

At this time, the two dragon heads came to the protruding bone in the middle of the incipient sacred wings, and the two heads gradually merged.

They formed a dragon head with half wind and half thunder attributes.

"This is? Xiao Xian, has the incipient saint wings completely fused?"

At the side, a group of girls asked in astonishment.

Wang Xian nodded slightly at the side.

His eyes flickered as he spread his arms. The clothes on his upper body disappeared instantly, revealing his flawless body.

The incipient saint wings flapped slightly and came directly behind him. The protruding bone in the middle connected directly to his back and turned into a bone wing.

Buzz

The next moment, a stream of information entered his mind, causing Wang Xian to squint his eyes slightly.

"These wings are so cool."

"Yes, they are cool, but the main reason is that Xiao Xian is too cool. Hehe!"

"There seems to be something missing from these wings. Oh yes, they are missing feathers."

The group of girls at the side looked at the wings behind Wang Xian curiously and commented with a smile.

"Yes, it lacks feathers!"

Wang Xian received the information in his mind, and his eyes sparkled.

"HMM? It really lacks feathers?"

Guan Shuqing and the rest asked curiously.

"Yes, this incipient Saint Wings is a very powerful and terrifying treasure. Perhaps this is an opportunity for me to evolve again."

Wang Xian said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Evolve once again?"

The group of girls were slightly shocked.

"The incipient Saint Wings is a treasure of the wind and thunder attributes. It can enable creatures to possess the wind and thunder origin attributes. Once I can obtain the complete incipient saint wings, I will have a chance to evolve into a nine-colored divine dragon with nine attributes!"

"In the history of the Divine Dragon Clan, it is the only divine dragon with all attributes!"

Wang Xian said with a fiery gaze.

Wang Xian didn't know how powerful the Divine Dragon with nine attributes would be.

Perhaps, it could be invincible in the universe.

"Then, Little Xian, how can you advance to the nine-colored Divine Dragon?"

The group of girls asked hurriedly.

"This piece of inceptive saint wings is incomplete and lacks the wind and thunder feather. This isn't a special feather but a feather formed from the wind and thunder origin. It was originally one with the inceptive saint wings but has now been lost."

"According to the information on the incipient saint wings, the wind-type feather is located in the wind forest. I don't know where the thunder-type feather is."

As Wang Xian spoke, a contemplative look appeared on his face.

Wang Xian had seen the wind forest before on a piece of information. It was somewhat familiar.