Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2835: windless forest

"Ladies and gentlemen, let's go back."

Wang Xian made up his mind and said to the girls with a smile on his face.

"Are we going back? Alright, we have been out for five years. Although we have only played a part of the imperial star field, it has been quite some time."

The girls nodded and didn't have any objections.

After playing for five years, they were already very satisfied.

"Then let's go back directly."

Wang Xian said to them as his figure slowly disappeared.

Guan Shuqing and the other girls also disappeared immediately.

"Prime Minister Gui, call the Heaven Array over!"

Wang Xian came to the Dragon Palace and immediately said to Prime Minister Gui.

"It's the Dragon King!"

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately.

"Greetings, Dragon King!"

Soon, Prime Minister Gui rushed over with the Heaven Formation.

"Heaven Formation, do you know about the wind forest in the eight desolates and six harmonies?"

Wang Xian asked the heaven formation directly.

"Wind forest? Dragon King, the wind forest that you mentioned should be the windless forest. At first, it was called the wind forest. Later on, others preferred to call it the windless forest."

"There is no wind sound or howling in the windless forest. However, there are terrifying wind attribute laws. These wind attribute laws are condensed into a physical object. It is very terrifying."

"Dragon King, May I know why you are asking about the windless forest?"

Tian Chen opened his mouth and asked in puzzlement.

"Windless forest?" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"The fusion between the incipient Saint Wings and the Dragon Soul has ended. Currently, the incipient saint wings are not complete. They lack the main feathers. Without the feathers, the incipient saint wings are not of much use."

Wang Xian said.

"Have you fused them?"

Tian Chen revealed a surprised expression. He then asked, "Dragon King, are you saying that the feathers are in the windless forest?"

"One of the feathers is in the windless forest."

Wang Xian nodded his head.

"Then, Dragon King, are we going to the desolate lands?"

Tian Chen's eyes lit up slightly as he asked.

With the resources that the Dragon Palace had obtained, it would be extremely difficult for them to continue improving their divine emperor-level combat strength.

According to the speed of his cultivation of the Heaven Array, it would take at least tens of thousands of years for him to recover to his peak.

This made him slightly dissatisfied after trying to improve rapidly.

The eight desolates and six harmonies was a place that could allow them to improve rapidly.

"We need to prepare for a trip."

Wang Xian nodded and asked, "How's the defense on the Dragon Island?"

"Dragon King, after a few years of improvement, the defense has increased by several times. Even if we aren't around, we can still hold on for a period of time."

"Leave it to the Dragon Wizards."

Sky Array said with a smile.

The number of members of the Dragon Palace had already reached a million. If the devouring dragons were added in, it could reach 1.3 million.

The new members were all converted into dragon species and entered various combat divisions.

Amongst them, the number of dragon species increased by 50,000.

50,000 of them had followed the sky array for the past 5 years to cultivate the array.

During these 5 years, the members of the Dragon Palace, even the new members, had all risen to the emperor God level.

Also, the weakest of them now had undying emperor level 3 battle strength.

1.3 million undying emperor level 3 and above members, this power was much stronger than the imperial court before.

Five years ago, the number of Emperor God experts in the Dragon Palace had increased by one, but there had been no increase since then.

It was not easy for an emperor God expert to break through just by training.

There were now 14 Emperor God experts in the Dragon Palace.

Xiao Lan was a level 2 emperor God expert.

The Heaven Array could take on several of them.

"That's good. Ensure the safety of the Dragon Island."

Wang Xian nodded.

"Dragon King, when do we set off?"

Heaven's formation's eyes lit up when he heard his words.

"Tomorrow. Bring the eight-limbed demonic fiend and Ao Yao with you."

Wang Xian spoke.

"It's Dragon King!"

Heaven's formation nodded immediately.

"Little Xian, are we going out?"

At this moment, a group of girls walked in and asked him.

"Yes, let's go to the eight directions and take a look."

Wang Xian nodded.

"Be careful!"

The group of girls nodded at him.

A Day passed very quickly. On the second day, Wang Xian's Heaven Formation, the eight-limbed demonic fiend, Ao Yao, and the rest were floating in the sky above the Dragon Palace.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian glanced ahead and said faintly.

"It will take us at least one to two years to fly from here to the eight desolates and six harmonies."

"We can use the teleportation formation to make a transit."

The Heaven Formation said.

"Lead the way!"

Wang Xian nodded.

To fly to the eight desolates and six harmonies, they had to pass through two major domains. One was the Holy Domain, and the other was the heaven's punishment ancient Heaven Domain.

The bright starry sky was divided into seven major domains. They were the Heaven Wizard Domain, the Imperial Star Domain, the chimei domain, the glazed domain, the holy domain, the Machine Emperor Domain, and the Heaven's punishment ancient Heaven Domain.

Among these seven regions, the strongest were the glazed region and mechanical emperor region.

In the glazed region, there were close to twenty God emperors. They were the true human resplendent regions.

As for the mechanical emperor region, it was a star region that belonged to the automaton race. The entire mechanical emperor region was filled with automaton lifeforms.

They also possessed life forms. They were a type of special metal lifeform.

The Mechanical Emperor region was also an extremely powerful star region. The automaton army and mecha battleships possessed many mechanical weapons that could contend against God emperors.

This time, if they wanted to reach the eight desolates and six harmonies, they would need to pass through the Holy Region and the Heaven's punishment ancient heaven region.

The holy region and the Heaven's punishment ancient heaven region were not too strong compared to each other.

Buzz

Wang Xian and the rest quickly teleported to the east through the teleportation formation.

After a few days, they were teleported to the edge of the imperial star region.

"Continue flying forward for another ten days and we should be able to reach the holy region. Once we enter the Holy Region, we will still proceed through the teleportation formation."

Looking at the boundless void in front of them, the Heaven Array said.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian and the rest moved and instantly appeared in the void.

Boom

In the next moment, their bodies were wrapped in brilliance. Like resplendent stars, they shuttled through the void rapidly.

Their speed was very fast, so fast that their bodies entered the void crack directly.

In the Void Rift, their speed was even more terrifying, as if they were teleporting continuously.

Even so, they flew in the vast void for a full ten days.

After ten days, they entered the holy region.

The situation in the holy region was similar to that of the imperial star area. There were all kinds of life planets, technological planets, and cultivation planets.

There were also planets where demonic beasts roamed freely.

"Enter a developed planet and search for a map."

As Heaven's formation spoke, he scanned his surroundings and soon locked onto a slightly prosperous planet.

Wang Xian and the rest moved and landed in a slightly luxurious manor.

Buzz

Soon, Wang Xian and the rest obtained something similar to an AI and searched for a route.

"Let's Go!"

Without any delay, they arrived in front of the teleportation formation and disappeared.

With their strength, no one noticed them at all.