Chapter 2836: celestial thearch went out to avoid evil

"Dragon King, the Heaven's punishment ancient sky region is ahead!"

After traveling for half a month in the holy region, Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the Heaven's punishment ancient sky region.

The Heaven's array scanned the void ahead and spoke.

"The Heaven's punishment ancient sky region is the most chaotic among the seven great regions. The seven great regions have seven peak powers. However, there are no factions of this level in the Heaven's punishment ancient Sky Region."

"The Heaven Punishment Ancient Sky region also has many powerful factions. These powerful factions also have god-emperor experts overseeing them. However, these factions only have one god-emperor overseeing them. Furthermore, they are all first-level god-emperor existences."

"There is only one first-level god-emperor overseeing them. They can not be considered as a peak faction."

"Also, these factions are all in a mess. They are divided into factions and there are endless wars. The entire star region is in the flames of war."

"Of course, this was a situation from tens of millions of years ago. As for what the situation is now, I'm not too sure."

Heaven's array introduced the situation to them.

"Let's go to a planet and ask!"

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly and said.

If there was peace, there would be war. Not every galaxy was peaceful.

It was obvious that the Heaven's punishment ancient sky region did not have a king yet. That was why the war was never-ending.

After flying for five days, they discovered a life planet.

They entered the planet and investigated the situation.

"It's still in chaos. It's going to be difficult to pass through this place directly through the teleportation formation."

Wang Xian looked at the information reported by a middle-aged man in front of him and shook his head slightly.

"I'll probably be delayed for one to two months in the Heaven's punishment ancient Sky Region."

The Heaven's array shook its head.

"Use the teleportation formation if you can. If you can't use it, fly!"

Wang Xian said indifferently and immediately began to travel.

"That piece of Void is the territory of another powerhouse. Without the teleportation formation, we'll have to fly over."

After traveling for a month, Wang Xian and the rest continued to arrive in the void.

They continued on their journey!

"Eh, Dragon King, there seems to be a huge battle erupting in the void ahead. It's quite powerful!"

After flying for a few hours, they suddenly sensed a vast and mighty force coming from ahead.

That terrifying force was not an ordinary battle.

Ba Qi's eyes were sparkling as he stared ahead, filled with curiosity.

Flying for one to two months in a row had bored them a lot.

"HMM, in a large-scale battle, there should be a divine emperor level powerhouse attacking from afar!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled as the Yin-yang five elemental dragon seed scanned ahead.

In the void ahead, there were at least a hundred billion people on both sides.

There were all kinds of divine weapons, battleships, and war machines.

The war should have just erupted. Energy was surging and the entire void was enveloped by all kinds of energy.

"There are two celestial emperors fighting in the sky."

The Heaven Array looked over and said.

"TSK TSK, the war in this starfield is really intense. With hundreds of billions of people fighting in a chaotic manner, wouldn't hundreds of billions of people die in this war?"

Mo Sha said in slight astonishment.

"Let's go there directly!"

Wang Xian's eyes flickered. He did not plan to take a detour. With a move of his body, he continued flying forward.

"TSK TSK tsk, I'll charge forward directly!"

The eight-limbed demon who liked to cause trouble smiled and laughed out loud.

"Boom!"

The group of five flew directly toward the battlefield ahead.

The battlefield ahead was still in its initial state of eruption. All of them were long-range attacks.

Wang Xian and the rest flew over at a terrifying speed. They immediately attracted the attention of the forces on both sides.

"Who are they? How dare they barge into OUR BATTLEFIELD!"

"They are so fast. Who are they?"

Some of the powerhouses at the peak of the godly monarch realm noticed Wang Xian and the rest. They looked over and their pupils contracted slightly.

"TSK TSK tsk, make way, make way, Don't Disturb Our Journey!"

Ba Qi said with a face full of laughter.

"Huh?"

Two old men, who were filled with killing intent, heard this voice from the sky above the battlefield. They looked over and a cold glint flashed in their eyes.

"Keke Keke, don't fight and kill if there's nothing else. It's not good."

Mo Sha's gaze swept across the surroundings as he said mockingly.

When they were speaking, Wang Xian and the rest had already flown to the center of the battlefield.

"You're courting death. Who Are You?"

An Immortal King Level 9 powerhouse heard the words of the eight-limbed mo sha and an incomparably violent killing intent gushed out from his body.

The killing intent within his body was definitely a warrior that had walked out from the Sea of corpses.

"HM, you have a problem? If you have a problem, go die!"

Mo Sha heard the old man's words, his eyes gleamed with black light. With a wave of his arm, a terrifying black beam shot towards the old man.

"Peng!"

Before anyone could react, the old man's body exploded.

"This is?"

"Celestial Thearch, he is a celestial thearch!"

"Hiss, could it be that the five of them are celestial thearch?"

At this moment, everyone from the two factions was slightly shocked. Their faces were filled with shock.

In the sky, the pupils of the two celestial thearchs who were fighting across space also contracted slightly.

"Brothers, we didn't mean to offend you!"

The two of them immediately stopped their attacks. They cupped their hands and said to Wang Xian and the rest who were in the middle of the battlefield.

"Boom!"

However, Wang Xian did not bother with them. His body emitted a bright radiance and disappeared from the middle of the battlefield in an instant.

"It's five celestial thearchs. I wonder which one of the eight major forces is it!"(the Dragon Palace's reputation was already well-known) Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The two celestial thearchs were shocked when they saw the terrifying speed.

"They should be heading to the eight desolates and six harmonies."

The two celestial thearchs thought to themselves.

The five great celestial thearchs were able to directly destroy their factions.

There was still a huge gap between them and the eight great factions in the resplendent starry sky.

"HMPH, the battle today is over. All disciples, Retreat!"

A celestial thearch coldly stared at the celestial thearch in front of him. His gaze swept downwards as he ordered.

"In the future, if I do not destroy your strength, I will not take action. I will warn your subordinates not to stir up trouble."

The other celestial thearch also shouted coldly, indicating for his disciples to leave immediately.

"Is it over just like that?"

"He was interrupted by those five powerful celestial thearchs. That is a truly powerful existence!"

"It's good that we don't fight. We can reduce the loss of many people."

All the powerhouses and disciples from the two major factions were slightly stunned. Soon after, they heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts.

They were not afraid of war, but they did not want to die either.

Wang Xian and the rest did not know that because of their slightly arrogant actions, they managed to calm down a huge battle.

With their strength, they were able to run amok in the entire Heaven's punishment ancient sky region.

Currently, the Dragon Palace of the Imperial Star Region had already become one of the top three forces in the starry sky by using their formidable strength to resist the imperial court and the Witch Formation Association.

Wang Xian and the rest had to avoid evil and all living beings when they went out!