Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2837: entered the eight desolation six directions

"Keke Keke, it feels so good. It feels so good to have strength!"

A loud laughter came out from eight points'mouth. This could be considered a rare pleasure for them after flying for a few months.

"The strongest existence in our resplendent starry sky seems to be a rank three void God Emperor. As long as you can reach this combat strength, you can do whatever you want in the entire resplendent starry sky!"

Tian Chen said with a smile.

"Is that so? If we go to the eight desolates and six harmonies now, we might be able to reach the third level of the void God realm when we return. Keke, when that time comes, we will be the boss of the entire starry sky!"

Mo Sha said excitedly.

"Then, I hope you guys can obtain this opportunity!"

Tian Chen said with a faint smile.

"That might not be the case!"

While mo sha and Ba Qi were chattering away, Wang Xian and the rest continued to fly for another half a month.

After half a month, they flew out of the Heaven's punishment ancient heaven's domain and continued to fly forward.

"We're almost there!"

After two to three months of traveling, they were finally about to reach the eight desolates and six harmonies.

"It's just ahead!"

After flying for an hour, Wang Xian and the rest felt like they had arrived at another world.

They flew for two to three months and traveled through two major regions. It could be said that they had seen a lot.

Including the starry sky over at the Imperial Star Field, there was a unique feature. That was that there were not many things above and below the starry sky.

Even if there were, there were not many things.

However, the position in front of them gave people a three-dimensional feeling. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

From Afar, one could see that there was a planet in the sky in front of them. There might be a continent below them.

Below them, there might be a void ocean or flames.

In the depths, there were many huge suns floating in the air. Around the Suns, there were all sorts of planets and continents.

This was the literal meaning of the word, eight desolates and six harmonies.

In front of them, there were many people.

Moreover, at the edges, there were some planets and continents where humans lived.

"There are quite a number of people!"

Mo Sha stared ahead and said with a face full of surprise.

"The eight desolation six directions is a place where danger and opportunities coexist. As time passes, there will be more people. Some people will advance to the god Emperor realm, and many factions will form here."

"In the past, among the seven major factions, one of them was here at the eight desolation six directions. His name was eight desolation. Back then, I was known as the one who swept through the eight desolation six directions. There was also a point where I had a small conflict with eight desolation and fought with them."

"At that time, more than a dozen God emperors from eight desolation attacked me, but I easily blocked them and even defeated them. Hehe."

Heaven array smiled faintly with a trace of pride on his face.

"It seems that there aren't many second level God emperors among them."

Ba Qi said.

"There was only one. At that time, I was very powerful. Someone like you could be easily destroyed!"

The Heaven Array swept a glance at Ba Qi.

"I was still tricked by my own disciple!"

Ba Qi curled his lips and muttered softly.

"Let's go straight to the windless forest!"

Wang Xian smiled and said to the Heaven Array.

"Alright, Dragon King. I'll Bring You There!"

The Heaven Array nodded.

Everyone continued to fly forward. When they entered the eight desolates and six harmonies, an ancient aura came rushing over.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and sized up the surroundings.

He flew all the way in. At a glance, he felt that it was extremely chaotic.

There were special stars and huge starry mountains.

There were trees that grew out of thin air in the void.

Wait, wait, wait.

Everything looked chaotic!

It was as though a garden had been shattered and was floating in the void.

"No wonder people guessed that this is the battlefield of the ancient races."

Wang Xian mumbled.

"The windless forest is located in the abyss. The deeper one goes, the more dangerous it is!"

"There are all kinds of powerful desolate beasts living in the eight desolates and six directions. There are also some restrictions on some planets. There is even a divine empire floating there!"

"That Divine Empire contains many restrictions. There was once an emperor who barged in and died there. I guess the owner of the Void Divine Empire used to be at the peak of the Emperor God realm."

The Heaven Array explained to them about the eight desolate six directions.

"Doesn't that mean that there is a chance to obtain the inheritance within the Void Divine Kingdom?"

Mo Sha said in surprise.

"Yes, but you have to know in advance if that void divine kingdom has any inheritance. Perhaps that void divine kingdom is a graveyard. The master before he died did not want anyone to disturb him and set up a death trap. Unless you are stronger, there is no chance of survival."

"The void God kingdom might be a treasured land of the herb garden, a blessed land and so on."

"The windless forest is also a blessed land, but it is very dangerous there. There are tornadoes, typhoons, hurricanes formed by laws. The most dangerous thing is the trees there!"

"As a windless forest, there is no wind blowing or howling, but there are countless trees there. No one knows how big the windless forest is, but many of the trees there have powerful attacking power."

"Due to the special characteristics of the windless forest, apart from the wind attribute, very few experts enter. This is because no treasures are found inside."

"However, I heard that there is a valley of wind inside. Whenever it is opened, it will attract many experts. I am not too sure about the details."

The sky array explained in detail.

Wang Xian nodded slightly.

The five of them moved forward quickly while the heaven's formation explained some things to them.

In the surroundings, Wang Xian realized that there were a lot of people living in many places. Many of them were people who were not very strong.

These were people from some factions.

The area of the eight barrens and six directions was huge. The heaven's formation took them to fly for three days.

"Dragon King, there are many areas in front that have not been explored yet. There might be dangers in there. We have to be careful!"

Three days later, the Heaven Array reminded them.

Wang Xian and the rest nodded.

"It's right in front!"

With Wang Xian and the rest's abilities, they could easily avoid some trouble. After more than ten hours, they arrived at the front of a forest.

Countless green leaves were growing on the green trees. Their green roots were stuck in the void and could be seen clearly.

The entire forest was extremely quiet. There were no living things around except for the green trees.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian suddenly felt the position behind him trembling. A stream of information appeared in his mind.

"Huh?"

Crash

With a thought, the incipient saint wings appeared behind him.

The incipient saint wings were transmitted over. Deep in the forest ahead, there was something connected by blood.

"I can sense it. It's in there!"

Wang Xian's eyes lit up slightly.

Once the inceptive holy wings fused with the wind attribute feathers, he would be able to control the wind attribute as well. At that time, the might of the inceptive holy wings would be displayed.