Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2866: was in a state of shock

“Brother Wudi is… he is going to soar to great heights!”

Wang Xian led everyone away and disappeared completely.

The few young men standing behind Tian Xin widened their eyes and broke the silence.

“Wudi actually knows the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and has such a good relationship with him!”

Tian Xin’s small mouth was slightly open, and her face was full of shock.

Her background was also extremely powerful. She had the father of a celestial emperor, and as the youngest daughter of her father, she was doted on.

However, her father and the celestial emperor of Shangshui were both celestial emperors who did not have any forces, and they were very different compared to the eight great forces of the starry sky.

Not to mention the strength of the top three forces like the Dragon Palace.

With such a boss, who would dare to bully him?

“Invincible will probably be even more arrogant in the future!”

Tian Xin muttered.

Behind him, the mouths of several middle-aged men twitched when they heard this. However, they looked in the direction of the disappearing figure and shrunk their heads slightly.

It seemed that they could not go against invincible in the future.

Looking at his relationship with the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, it would be easy for invincible in the future to let the Dragon King or the subordinates of the Dragon Palace teach one or two people a lesson for him.

After all, the Dragon Palace’s Dragon King was someone who dared to kill the eight barrens divine emperor!

He even said that if the eight barrens were to fight, the Dragon Palace would accept it.

How domineering was this!

“Boom!”

“Who would have thought that the young man was the Dragon King? Hiss, that calm aura, that faint domineering aura, he is indeed the Dragon Palace’s Dragon King!”

“A divine emperor, we actually saw a divine emperor being killed with our own eyes. In front of the divine emperor of the Dragon Palace, the divine emperor of wind destruction didn’t even have the strength to resist!”

“That invincible battle technique is going to soar to great heights. He has latched onto the Dragon Palace’s thigh and is much thicker than his master, the divine emperor of water. In the future, this guy will probably be even more arrogant.”

“Eight desolation has a divine emperor, three protectors, and all the experts have been killed. This is also a big loss for eight desolation. Will eight desolation fight with the Dragon Palace?”

“It’s hard to say. The Dragon Palace is ranked ahead of the eight desolates in the rankings of the starry sky forces. However, the Dragon Palace still has the imperial court and the Wizard Association, their mortal enemies.”

The silence was broken. Everyone around was discussing with shocked expressions. Their eyes were filled with excitement.

The scene today was the capital for them to brag in the future.

The Dragon King’s strength, the fall of a divine emperor…

Everything could make them talk for hours!

Soon after, someone in the surroundings sent the information to the communication stone plate.

The fall of a divine emperor was a shocking event in the entire desolate land.

Especially this divine emperor, who was killed by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace.

“However, the people from the eight barrens are unlucky. A few disciples actually wanted to kill the Dragon King and take the treasure. Hehe, this is their own fault.”

Some people thought to themselves as they flew out of the windless forest.

They could already predict that the next shock would form in the eight barrens.

“Do you know what happened in the windless forest? The eight barrens god-emperor died, and the Dragon Palace God-emperor killed the god-emperor!”

“It’s a big deal. A big deal. The disciples of the eight barren offended the dragon king of the Dragon Palace. The Divine Emperor of the Dragon Palace killed all the disciples of the eight barren directly. The divine emperor of the wind destruction has fallen!”

“The death of a divine emperor. The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace killed the divine emperor of the wind destruction directly. He said that the eight barren is like a war. The Dragon Palace will take it!”

It would take more than ten hours to fly from the windless forest to the planet where they lived, even if it was Wang Xian and the rest.

Before Wang Xian and the rest could return to the Blue Moon planet, the situation in the windless forest had already started to ferment in the eight desolation six directions.

The speed of transmission of the communication stone plate was extremely fast. A piece of information was transmitted to every corner of the eight desolation six directions in an instant.

Initially, there were still some people who were doubtful about the authenticity of the information. However, after a few thousand experts verified it, the entire eight desolation six directions communication network was in an uproar.

The death of a god Emperor was already shocking. Furthermore, it was the eight desolation God Emperor who had been destroyed by the Dragon Palace.

God emperors were existences that could suppress a faction in every faction. Every one of them was supreme. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Now that a god Emperor had died, it was very likely that the two factions would clash.

A death at this level could already erupt into a vast war!

The communication network was in an uproar.

The people in bhang liu he gradually understood what had happened in the windless forest.

While they cursed the disciples of bhang Liu he for being stupid and damned, they were also surprised by the Dragon King’s strength.

However, the disciples of bhang Liu he were very unhappy with the Dragon King’s strength.

All of them shouted that they wanted to teach the Dragon King a lesson.

This was the eight barrens and six directions, not the imperial star field of the Dragon Palace.

After all, this was the home ground of the eight barrens. 50% of the people here were the disciples of the eight barrens, so there were naturally many voices that were dissatisfied with the Dragon King.

Many of the eight barrens’disciples said that the Dragon King was too arrogant and did not care about the eight barrens.

“The news has confirmed that Feng Mie has died. He was killed by the Dragon Palace’s divine emperor. Moreover, that guy from the Heaven Array has appeared!”

At the same time, 15 figures were sitting in a hall on the eight desolate continent.

The eight desolate continent was the highest-level grotto-heaven paradise in the entire eight desolate six directions.

It was now occupied by the eight desolate continent.

Each of the 15 figures represented a divine emperor.

In the middle was an old man. The old man was not sitting on a chair. Instead, he was sitting on a divine deer. The two huge horns of the divine deer gave off a mysterious luster.

At this moment, the faces of the fifteen people were somewhat ugly.

The death of a divine emperor in the eight desolate region had caused a great commotion. The entire eight desolate region was watching their reactions.

If they did not make any moves, the other party would think that the eight desolate region was afraid of the Dragon Palace.

Once they made a move, it would be a vast war.

Especially since that fellow from tens of millions of years ago did not die.

Although their grudges had been resolved, and although his current strength was not as strong as his peak, if he did not have the confidence to kill the Heaven Array, he would be able to recover to his peak sooner or later.

Once he recovered to his peak, coupled with the strength of the Dragon Palace, eight desolation was no match for them.

“That Dragon King is too arrogant. He actually said that if we, eight desolation, started a war, they would accept it. Do they really think that we, eight desolation, are easy to bully?”

An old man growled with a gloomy face.

“We must give all the disciples of the eight barrens an explanation for the death of the divine emperor of wind destruction. We must also give ourselves an explanation.”

“Otherwise, there’s no point in US establishing the eight Barrens!”

An eight barrens divine emperor who had a good relationship with the divine emperor of wind destruction said in a deep voice.

The rest of the people also frowned slightly.