Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2886: 2,886 dragon punishment 2

“Magus, are you confident?”

On the Magus Mountain, the monarch looked at the Magus in front of him and asked with a solemn expression.

“Our Magus Association has been established for a billion years. The entire Magus Mountain has experienced the creation of over twenty magi and the support of nearly a hundred divine emperors. The defense of the entire Magus Mountain is extremely powerful.”

“Although the Heaven Formation knows our Magus Association very well, he doesn’t know how powerful all of our formations are after they are activated.”

“Not to mention the sky formations at their peak, even two or even three sky formations at their peak can not break our formation’s defense!”

The wizard stood there proudly and said with confidence.

“HMM?”

Seeing the wizard’s confident look, the emperor and the others relaxed a little.

“That’s good, that’s good. In the Battle of Defense, I still have faith in all the powerhouses of the formation.”

The emperor let out a sigh of relief and said.

Even the son of Heaven, who was sitting on the side, let out a sigh of relief and closed his eyes.

The revival of his master had indeed given him a lot of pressure.

He had only joined the Witch Formation Association for ten million years, so he didn’t know much about its secrets.

As long as he could resist the invasion of the Dragon Palace, everything would be fine.

“Since the Dragon Palace dares to attack us, we will make them pay the price of blood. Immediately gather all the experts, set up a formation, and wait for their arrival!”

The Wizard looked at the god Emperors of the Wizard Association and ordered coldly.

“It’s the Wizard!”

The god Emperors immediately nodded, and their faces revealed a ghastly expression.

Very soon, the entire Witch Formation Association and the entire Wu Mountain Domain began to move.

Countless experts laid down array formations around the Wu Mountain.

Even the god Emperors of the Witch Formation Association personally took action and laid down the array formations.

The Wizards entered the Wu Mountain One after another and activated the great array formation that had been sealed for a long time.

The entire Wu mountain had been constructed by the Witch Formation Association for a billion years. A large number of god Emperors had left their powerful array formations here.

When the arrays were activated, they firmly believed that the Witch Mountain Association would be invincible.

“It has been confirmed that the Dragon Palace is about to attack. Those monsters are the experts of the Dragon Palace. All the experts of the Witch Formation Association are setting up a great array!”

“Those monsters are all divine emperors. The strength of the Dragon Palace is really terrifying!”

“The most powerful thing of the Witch Formation Association is the array. It is a battle of defense. In addition, the Witch Formation Association has been building the territory of the Witch Mountain for nearly a billion years. It is impossible for the Dragon Palace to attack it.”

“With the defense of the Witch Mountain, even if it’s twice as powerful as the Witch Formation Society, it’s still very difficult to break through, not to mention the powerhouses of the imperial court there.”

“Back then, the Witch Formation Society led the powerhouses to attack the Dragon Palace. I didn’t expect the Dragon Palace to attack in just five years!”

On the communication network of the Heaven Wizard region, when everyone saw that the powerhouses and disciples of the Witch Formation Society had been summoned back and received information from the powerhouses of the Witch Formation Society, the news of the invasion of the Dragon Palace was confirmed.

However, the people of the Heaven Wizard region, as well as the experts and disciples of the Witch Formation Association, were full of confidence in this defensive battle.

The most powerful formation was used for defense.

In addition to the one billion years of foundation of the Witch Formation Association, they had powerful information to resist the attack of the Dragon Palace.

Time passed day by day.

Countless experts of the Witch Formation Association gathered at the Witch Mountain.

The powerful formations were set up one by one. They stood on the Witch Mountain and waited quietly.

As the Army of the Dragon Palace got closer, there were more and more life planets in the central area.

There was more and more information about the army of the Dragon Palace on the communication network of the Heaven Wizard region.

It could be said that the route of the Dragon Palace was under the control of the entire Heaven Wizard region.

“Dragon King, we’re almost there!”

In the Dragon sedan, Wang Xian was leaning against the chair and sipping his tea. He was reading up on some information and developments regarding the celestial wizard territory.

Prime Minister Gui walked in and reported to Wang Xian.

“Are we almost there?”

He put down the book at the side and stood up slowly.

“We will reach Mount Wu in about an hour or so. By now, the Witch Formation Association should have known that we are coming and is already waiting for us!”

Prime Minister Gui said with a smile on his face.

“Then let’s see how powerful a powerful force that has stood tall in this star field for a billion years is!”

Wang Xian walked out of the Dragon sedan slowly and came to the dragon chair in front of him. He sat on it and scanned his surroundings. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The center of the Celestial Wizard territory was unusually prosperous. There were many life planets around it.

At this moment, many powerhouses were floating in the sky above these life planets and were looking in their direction.

“Hehe!”

Wang Xian smiled faintly and looked ahead.

An hour passed very quickly.

At the same time, at the entrance of the Wushan Mountains, hundreds of millions of people were standing on the Wushan Mountains.

Many powerhouses were in formation with powerful weapons in their hands.

Nine figures were standing at the center of the front.

Wizards, the Overlord!

One monarch from the imperial court and six other monarch gods from the success Wizard Association.

The monarch God on the far left looked slightly weak.

At this moment, his eyes were filled with hatred as he stared at the void in front of him.

His enemy was about to arrive.

After that battle that lasted for tens of millions of years, his body had been heavily injured by the heaven array, causing incurable injuries. Currently, his strength was considered the weakest amongst the monarch gods.

He didn’t head to the Imperial Star area the last time.

“They’re coming!”

In the center, the monarch held his scepter tightly. His body emitted a pale light energy as he stared at the front with slightly red eyes.

Blurry figures appeared one after another.

It was that group of people in front that had turned the imperial court into a stray dog.

And now, the other party was chasing after them, trying to destroy them.

Crack! Crack! Crack

The Fist of the Overlord made cracking sounds due to his strength.

The eyes of the other celestial emperor of the imperial court were also filled with killing intent and anger.

However, what they didn’t know was that the other celestial emperor of the imperial court had already been killed by Wang Xian.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

“Woo! Woo! Woo!”

At this moment, an earth-shattering roar was heard.

Dragon’s might!

War Kun’s savage might!

A terrifying roar and aura rushed towards them.

“Hua Hua Hua!”

On the Witch Mountain, all the disciples of the Wizard Association and some of the powerhouses of the imperial court raised their weapons. They were also filled with killing intent.

Killing intent soared into the sky!

“Those nine creatures!”

The imperial court’s Monarch and the other Magi fixed their gazes on the nine wind divine dragons. Their eyes were filled with solemnity.

These nine creatures were very similar to the divine dragons that they had seen in the history books. They were even similar to a type of divine dragon… They were almost exactly the same!

As they looked at these nine creatures face to face, they felt a strong sense of crisis in their hearts.

On the Witch Mountain, the other powerhouses and disciples of the Witch Formation Association also had the same feeling.

Was that a real dragon?

“Stop!”

Wang Xian sat on the Dragon Chair and looked at the countless people of the witch formation imperial court in front of him. Then, he said faintly.

“Roar Roar Roar!”

“Wu Wu Wu!”

The Divine Dragon roared and Zhan Kun growled and stopped.

He faced everyone from the Witchcraft Mountain.