Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2963: heavenly fate ancestral tree

“The ancestral tree has changed!”

Wang Xian was pleasantly surprised. It was a joyous occasion.

After the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was completed, the level of the Dragon Palace had increased and the ancestral tree had undergone a huge change.

His body moved and he immediately flew into the Dragon King Palace.

!!

At the same time, he opened the system and checked the attributes of the Dragon Palace.

Dragon Palace: Level 9

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (undying god King Level 7 eight-colored divine dragon)

Buildings:

Dragon King Palace: Level 9(raises Dragon King’s cultivation speed and recovery speed by 1,536 times)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 9(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon, origin: 31515324555)

Dragon Gate: Level 9(a fish can only become a dragon after leaping through the Dragon Gate, effective against beings below knight level!)

Ocean-pacifying needle: Level 9(pillar of the Dragon Palace, pacify 80 million km of the Dragon Palace, increase the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace!)

Dragon Cave: Level 9(with 100 million dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will increase by 1024 times!)

Dragon Field: Level 9(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 512 times!)

Dragon Array: Level 9(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, wormhole, detection, Attack!)

Spiritual items:

Ancestral Tree: Heaven’s fate

Attached: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon species.

Current dragon species: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, Strange Demon, Light Thorn, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster, Starwood Dragon species, fire phoenix dragon species…

Special buildings:

Dragon Nest: Dragon of devouring (None)

Dragon of devouring: energy consumption can be used to create its own insect species. The queen insect feeds on all kinds of metal materials!

Looking at the attributes in his mind, Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled.

The doubling of his attributes was not too surprising.

However, when he saw the ancestral tree, his heart pounded violently.

Ancestral tree, the Heaven’s origin creation!

Wang Xian was naturally very clear about the heaven’s origin creation. It was the pinnacle existence in the universe.

It was the title of being truly invincible in the universe.

In the past, there was only one heaven’s origin creation realm existence in the Divine Dragon Clan. That was the main creator of the Divine Dragon System, the Dragon God of the Divine Dragon Clan.

He was a water divine dragon, a water attribute divine dragon.

According to the records of the Divine Dragon’s inheritance, there were very few existences in the Heaven’s origin creation realm.

Furthermore, there had never been a second Heaven’s origin creation realm expert of the same race and the same attribute.

There were experts in the universe who speculated that the same attribute could only produce one Tianyuan creator.

There were also experts who speculated that the same race could only produce one Tianyuan creator.

As for the specific situation, no one knew because in the records of the Divine Dragon Clan, there were only five Tianyuan creator powerhouses in the universe.

Only five? What kind of concept was that?

In the entire universe, there were countless human beings. There were only five people in the Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm, and they were only recorded.

No one had ever seen a powerhouse in the Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm make a move.

And behind the ancestral tree, there were the words ‘Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm’.

It was the ultimate treasure of the universe!

In other words, the value of the ancestral tree was even comparable to the divine dragon system that Wang Xian possessed.

“The changes of the ancestral tree this time are so huge!”

At this moment, Wang Xian came to the front of the Dragon King’s Hall. He was astonished when he saw the huge changes of the ancestral tree.

Currently, the ancestral tree had grown to a height of about 50,000 meters with luxuriant foliage on it.

There were five branches on the ancestral tree.

The grayish soul-returning wood branches!

The endless wood branches that were emitting flames!

The Fu Chang tree branches that contained boundless vitality!

The Nirvana Lightning tree branches that carried lightning!

The parasol tree branches that looked like bird nests

Apart from these five branches, there was also a calabash, a one meter long calabash that was emitting five kinds of light.

And under the ancestral tree, on one side of the dragon throne, there was a pool.

A pool that was at least a hundred meters long, and there was a large amount of liquid in the pool.

That was the ancient Pool Moon Bay.

Whether it was the branches, the immortal-slaying gourd, or the ancient Pond Moon Bay, all of them had undergone huge changes.

Looking at the ancestral tree, he had a thought and a message appeared in his mind.

Ancestral Tree: Heavenly Creation

Branch: Soul-returning Wood Branch (ruler level, with soul-returning fruit, currently able to return souls to beings below knight level!)

Parasol Wood Branch (knight level, the wood where the Phoenix resides, the Phoenix Nest, the land of Nirvana!)

Endless tree branches (paragon level, possessing endless fruits, currently increasing the speed of fire attributed cultivators by 800% !)

Constant tree branches (paragon level, possessing the fruit of the eternal embryo, activating the sentience of living beings!)

Nirvana lightning tree branches (Paragon level, possessing the fruit of the nirvana lightning embryo, 800% speed of lightning attributed cultivators!)

Fruit: immortal slaying gourd (ruler level, currently able to nurture four attributes void God Emperor rank three immortal slaying sword!)

Ability: 1. Able to revive all wood attribute related plants, and as the ancestral tree’s energy increases, it can increase the upper limit of the branch’s level.

Subsidiary: Ancient Pond Moon Bay (paragon level, able to quickly recover from injuries, able to recover irreversible injuries.)

Ancestral Tree’s information appeared in his mind, making him look pleasantly surprised.

He carefully read ancestral tree’s information and looked at ancestral tree in front of him. He pursed his lips.

“I didn’t expect that both soul-returning wood and immortal-slaying gourd are both ruler-level true treasures. They can already be called Universe Pinnacle True Treasures!”

“However, soul-returning wood and immortal-slaying gourd are obviously heavily damaged, and they can barely recover. Only a pinnacle true treasure like ancestral tree can make them recover bit by bit!”

“However, the ancestral tree has another ability that can increase the upper limit of its branches. In other words, the branches of the immortal-slaying calabash can be upgraded to the Overlord level.”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself as excitement appeared in his eyes.

With a wave of his arm, the immortal-slaying calabash appeared in his hand. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Sensing the immortal-slaying sword in the immortal-slaying calabash, a smile appeared on his face once again.

This time, the ancestor tree’s upgrade had increased the number of immortal slaying swords in the immortal slaying calabash by more than 50.

Including the ones he had nurtured previously, there was a total of 70.

With 70 immortal slaying swords attacking in an instant, it could threaten a rank four god Emperor.

Furthermore, he could sense that the immortal slaying calabash could be upgraded by itself. Currently, due to the ancestor tree’s energy, it could only be upgraded to the peak of the void God Emperor Realm.

The upgrade required the immortal-slaying calabash to absorb all kinds of wood-attributed treasures.

Even the divine grass and divine tree could do it.

“Haha, the upgrade of the Dragon Palace this time is simply too great.”

Wang Xian opened his mouth and could not help but laugh.

Coincidentally, the upgrade this time could provide a huge help to the subsequent attacks on the demon caves.

Using the immortal-slaying calabash once could threaten a rank four void God Emperor realm expert.

The liquid in the Moon Bay of the ancient pond could make ao Xie and the others attack with all their might without worrying about their injuries.

“It’s really timely. An lie, let’s go and attack the other demon caves!”

Wang Xian waved his arm and brought the immortal-slaying calabash along with a large amount of liquid from the Moon Bay of the ancient pond.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

An lie nodded and disappeared with Wang Xian.

The current an lie had absorbed so much altar energy and had already risen to the second level of the void God Emperor!

In terms of combat strength, he could kill a third level god Emperor by surprise.