Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2971: survivors

Ever since the Dragon Palace helped the glazed area destroy a bunch of demonic dens and swept through the machine imperial region.

Ever since the last glazed area’s celebration, when they submitted to the Dragon Palace and the Saint Region Lord announced that the Dragon Palace was the Lord.

Ever since the entire bright starry sky was connected to a communication network, the entire bright starry sky became peaceful and prosperous.

Even at the Heaven Punishment Ancient Sky Region, a group of powerful experts occupied one side. There were no more fights and peace fell.

There were no more experts who dared to disregard human lives.

There were also no experts who dared to slaughter the entire planet.

Because of the existence of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty.

The moment an evil person appeared, they would be killed by the experts sent by the dragon-phoenix divine dynasty in less than three days.

Furthermore, they had sent peak Type 9 divine kings to deal with the matter.

The Dragon-phoenix divine dynasty and the glazed domain holy region had jointly formed an organization, the resplendent starry sky peacekeeping organization.

Although its name was simple, it possessed terrifying power.

At present, the resplendent starry sky had joined forces. If anything happened, they would report it directly to the communication network. The Dragon-phoenix Divine Dynasty had specialized examiners.

Once it was confirmed, for example, if a profligate disciple appeared on a planet and forcefully stole a civilian woman to commit murder and arson, they would directly kill this profligate disciple.

In this resplendent starry sky, who would dare to challenge the prestige of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire.

It wasn’t that the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire was strong, but that the Empress of the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire was the Dragon Empress. Behind the Dragon and Phoenix Divine Empire was the Dragon Palace.

In this resplendent starry sky, the Dragon Palace was an invincible existence. It was the supreme existence.

It was also because the dragon palace suppressed the entire resplendent starry sky that the various major regions were relatively peaceful.

In the following period of time, Wang Xian accompanied a group of girls to play on the planets.

The vast and bright starry sky was filled with all kinds of planets. Many places had broadened Wang Xian’s horizons.

Although he was very strong now, he was like a weaned child in this bright starry sky at his age.

Wang Xian was also very happy to eat, drink, and have fun.

He spent the next two years wandering around.

In these two years, the dragon palace had completely stabilized and everything that needed to be upgraded had been upgraded.

Some members of the Dragon Palace entered the chimei and machine royal domains to search and found some treasures.

A large amount of resources from the starry space were sent to the Dragon Palace every day.

However, the upgrade of the Dragon Palace had also entered a stable stage.

It would take around ten days for a divine emperor to be born.

The Dragon Palace was still very satisfied with this speed.

After stabilizing, a large number of experts from the Dragon Palace began to forge the Dragon Palace’s War Machines together with the Heaven Array.

The forging ability of the fire hammer clan.

The Dragon Wizard Array.

The poison of the poisonous horned dragon seed.

All the members of the Dragon Palace were busy.

Later on, because the Dragon Palace controlled all the great grotto-heavens and blessed lands in the resplendent starry sky, it was opened to all the experts in the resplendent starry sky a year later.

This also caused the entire resplendent starry sky to produce over a dozen void God emperors in these two years.

The Dragon Palace also conducted a recruitment once, adding 100,000 new members in these two years.

The Dragon Palace’s peaceful management was deeply rooted in the hearts of the people and the hearts of the people.

The entire starry sky was bustling with activity as the statue of the Dragon God was built.

The story of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King had spread to every corner of every planet.

“The Dragon Palace, damn the Dragon Palace, invaded our machine royal territory and killed all my subordinates. Just you wait, just you wait!”

However, while the Dragon Palace was thriving and peaceful, a middle-aged man was flying in the air at a certain place.

Data flashed in his eyes, representing his identity as a cyborg.

The leader of the cyborgs, the Creator.

He was the only cyborg in the entire starry sky.

Since he was destroyed by the Dragon Palace three years ago, he had been trying to recover his strength. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

With the information, he could recover quickly as long as he found the corresponding metal and energy.

At the beginning, his recovery was considered smooth, all the way to the level nine godly monarch realm.

But recently, because the level of the metals needed for recovery had increased, he had no choice but to enter the land of resources occupied by some powerful factions.

Not long ago, he had entered the land of resources of a faction and was discovered. He had killed tens of thousands of people.

At the beginning, he did not pay much attention to it, but soon, he discovered that the dragon-phoenix divine dynasty’s godly monarch expert was chasing after him.

This caused the creator to be filled with fear. He used all sorts of methods and precise calculations to escape from the divine emperor’s pursuit and enter the eight desolation six directions.

This was because based on the information and calculations he had obtained, only the eight desolation six directions was considered to be safer.

The other places were all the domains of the Dragon Palace. Once they discovered him, they could easily chase after him.

“According to the information of the various regions in the starry sky, many experts guessed that the eight desolation six directions is an ancient race. This race seems to have been destroyed, leaving behind such a ruin!”

“Some experts guessed that the other side of the eight desolation six directions is the center of the universe. Now, I only have a chance to take revenge by obtaining a large amount of resources here. If I can’t take revenge, then if I can pass through this place, I can also avoid the pursuit of the Dragon Palace!”

“Perhaps, there are a large number of treasures in the center of the Universe!”

The creator’s eyes flickered with light as he stared ahead and flew deep into the universe.

He believed that with his super strong computational ability, he would definitely be able to crack some treasure lands or pass through this place.

The creator, who had already recovered his battle prowess to the first level divine emperor realm, flew deep into the universe. He scanned the various arrays in front of him and probed deeper into the universe bit by bit.

A month later, he arrived at the deepest part of the eight desolation six directions. His eyes flashed with all kinds of data.

“I have a great chance to break through the layers of defense of the eight desolation six directions. I have a great chance!”

At this moment, he was filled with excitement. According to the information he had obtained, almost no human could reach such a deep level.

Just as he was thinking of ways to go deeper, not far away from him, a large group of people was standing in front of an array formation.

There were more than ten thousand people standing in front of a barrier.

“According to our continuous testing, we are getting closer and closer to the palace in front of us. It Won’t be long before we can pass through this place!”

A slightly tired voice sounded. The desolate god Emperor stared ahead, clenched his fist and growled.

There were at least 100,000 corpses on the ground.

“Desolate god Emperor, it’s the last step. Are you sure there are experts entering and leaving the palace in front?”

The Emperor Lord said expressionlessly.

“Yes, there are experts from the center of the universe in front.”

The desolate god Emperor nodded his head with certainty.

“The power of the Dragon Palace is getting stronger and stronger. We can either reach the other side, or we can only die of old age here. We have to take a gamble!”

A few desolate god emperors by the side growled with extremely ugly expressions.