Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3027: 3026 red mist race

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: void God Emperor Rank 3(eighth form of Divine Dragon Transformation)

Origin: 223,960/500,000,000,000

Divine ability: ruling the water race (ruling the water race below one’s own level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract origin)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit attachment

Law supernatural ability: Dragon Eye Lock, five elemental dragon claws, Yin-yang realm-breaking

Aspect: five elemental grindstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, Yin-yang polarity, Yin-yang five elemental alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing!

Control Law: metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, light, dark wind

Divine Kingdom: Dragon Palace

Dragon Palace: Level 9.

Members of the Dragon Palace: 1034450 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

“Phew!”

In the Dragon King’s Hall of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian took a look at his attributes. In front of him was the five elements millstone and the yin-yang Dragon Plate. He let out a breath.

It had been a month since his last breakthrough. During this one month, the resplendent starry sky had completely settled down.

There were no more incidents of powerhouses wreaking havoc in the resplendent starry sky.

The deterrence of the Dragon Palace had completely played its role.

During this one month, Wang Xian used some treasures to upgrade the level of the five elemental millstone and the yin-yang Dragon Plate.

However, his strength had increased too quickly. The Yin-yang Dragon Plate and the five elemental millstone could not keep up with his speed.

However, after this breakthrough, Wang Xian had obtained a powerful and very practical nomological supernatural power.

Yin-yang realm-breaking.

Yin-yang realm-breaking. The two dragon horns of yin and Yang released a surge of yin-yang energy, disrupting the space.

This yin-yang realm-breaking could break through all illusions.

Illusion-breaking formation, trap-breaking formation, void-breaking confinement.

In other words, the space-locking formation set up by the Heaven Formation was useless against him.

Secondly, there was another very powerful point. The yin-yang realm-breaking could open an independent space around him.

By entering this space, he could avoid some attacks and escape back to his divine kingdom in an instant.

Wang Xian did some calculations and realized that even a wizard at the peak of the divine emperor realm might not be able to trap him.

Of course, if the other party had an acquired spiritual treasure of the confinement type, he could also be trapped.

However, the probability of this happening was very small.

Acquired spiritual treasures might not even be possessed by a universe knight level powerhouse.

While Wang Xian was cultivating to improve himself, the rest of the members of the Dragon Palace were also doing the same.

Digesting the resources they obtained.

The group of over ten thousand members of the Dragon Wizard were all cultivating on the cultivation continent in the Mo Han Room ruins.

They were practicing their attacks on the acquired Spiritual Treasure Heaven’s chessboard.

Now, after wiping out the three-eyed race, the four-armed race, and killing a few thousand celestial thearch powerhouses, the number of celestial thearch powerhouses in the Dragon Palace had reached 50,000.

This number was definitely comparable to an ordinary domain-level race.

Among them, the Dragon Wizard and the poisonous horned dragon had both reached the god Emperor realm, while the thorned dragon had 20,000 god Emperor realm experts.

This was also a consideration for the situation they would have to face in the future.

The poisonous horned dragon and the thorned dragon could play a huge role in the war between races.

As for the advancement of the Dragon Wizards, it was because they had obtained a large number of cultivation books regarding the Mo Han clan’s races. All of them were related to the cultivation techniques of the Wizards.

In addition, with the acquired Numinous Treasure Heaven acting chessboard, more than ten thousand dragon wizards could be placed on the heaven acting chessboard, and their strength could rise another rank.

In other words, if they were ten thousand rank one divine emperors, with the enhancement of the acquired Numinous Treasure, they could reach rank two divine emperors.

It was enough to raise the strength of over 10,000 members of the Dragon Palace by one level.

The entire Dragon Palace was rapidly improving and settling down.

Wang Xian and the rest did not dare to continue to assassinate the experts of other races unscrupulously.

Firstly, they were worried that the other party would take revenge and kill the humans in the starry sky.

Secondly, as long as the other party did not provoke them, the Dragon Palace would not assassinate the other party for no reason.

The Dragon Palace had always had its own principles for the improvement of their strength.

They killed the innocent indiscriminately. Perhaps the dragon palace had been besieged and destroyed at this stage.

While the members of the Dragon Palace were meditating and cultivating, a planet was located in the center of the ruins of the Mohan clan.

This planet was located on the side of the Tower of Babel and was once one of the planets of the Mohan clan.

And now, this planet had become one of the planets of the Red Fog clan.

The Red Fog clan was now a new domain-level race that was relatively popular in the entire universe.

The race’s founder was the famous God Emperor Hong Tian around the ruins of the Mohan clan.

A wizard at the peak of the god Emperor Realm.

A few months ago, God Emperor Hong Tian had already announced the establishment of a domain-level race. At that time, he would invite all the major races over.

Now, they were getting closer and closer to the red fog race’s grand ceremony.

On this planet that belonged to the red fog race, a group of people flew over.

One side had three eyes, while the other side had four arms.

The leader was a rank seven divine emperor expert. There were thousands of people from both sides, all of them at the divine emperor level.

They were the remaining experts from the three-eyed race and the four-armed race.

The two factions looked at each other. There was hatred, unwillingness, and determination on their faces.

“Everyone from the three-eyed race and the four-armed race, please come in. Our eldest senior brother is waiting for you inside!”

An expert from the red fog race flew over. His gaze swept over them and he revealed a smile.

“Thank you!”

The three-eyed race’s leader and the experts from the four-armed race nodded and followed the experts from the red fog race inside.

“Haha, Welcome, everyone. Welcome to join our Red Mist tribe!”

When everyone entered a large hall, an elder came forward and greeted them with a smile on his face.

“Greetings, Hongmen Elder!”

Everyone looked at the elder and immediately greeted him respectfully.

“Everyone, there’s no need to be so polite. From now on, we’ll be a family. Please take a seat!”

The hongmen elder smiled and gestured to them.

“Hongmen Elder, the people of our two great clans are willing to join the Red Mist. We don’t know what the conditions are!”

The three-eyed clan leader said.

After the two great clans were destroyed, they tried every means to seek revenge.

They publicized and exaggerated the information of the Dragon Palace and incited some powerful clans to attack the Dragon Palace.

But a month ago, after the Dragon Palace overpowered all the races, the two races were completely in despair.

What was hopeless was that the Dragon Palace didn’t suffer any retaliation.

What was hopeless was the Dragon Palace’s terrifying strength.

Under such circumstances, they made a decision to join the Red Mist race.

And they made a condition, hoping that the red mist race could help them destroy the Dragon Palace.

In their opinion, it would be very difficult for the red mist race to agree to this request.

They had already thought of other conditions.

But what they didn’t expect was that the red mist race actually agreed.

They agreed to help them take revenge and agreed to deal with the Dragon Palace.

This made them slightly stunned. Without much hesitation, they directly chose to join the Red Mist race.

Firstly, it was for revenge, and secondly, it was for the sake of having a powerful race to rely on.

The strength of God Emperor Hong Tian was definitely considered a peak expert in this region.