Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3033: 3032, the violent old man Ming

“What… What’s going on? What’s the relationship between Ming Xuanzhi of the Dark Sky clan and the Dragon Palace?”

“Hiss, what’s going on? Benefactor? The Dragon Palace is Senior Ming Xuanzhi’s benefactor?”

“Now, there’s a good show to watch.”

When everyone saw the old man of the Dark Sky Clan, Ming Xuanzhi, the legendary figure in the starry sky, flying directly toward the people of the Dragon Palace and calling them benefactors, they were all stunned.

What was the relationship between Ming Xuanzhi from the Nethersky clan and the Dragon Palace?

Benefactor?

“Paint the Earth as a prison? HMPH!”

Ming xuanzhi ignored the exclamations and discussions around him. He looked at the red light beneath Wang Xian and the rest with a sinister look in his eyes.

He stomped lightly on the ground with his right foot, and the entire red light collapsed and disappeared bit by bit.

In front of him, the expression of God Emperor Hong Tian changed slightly when he saw this scene. His gaze was fixed on Ming Xuanzhi.

“Old Man Ming, are you trying to interfere in our affairs?”

God Emperor Hong Tian’s eyes revealed a sinister expression as he said coldly.

“It’s all thanks to the people from the Dragon Palace that my old man was able to come out alive. You Want to kill my benefactor now? Are you courting death? !”

Ming Xuanzhi stared at him with a cold expression as he roared furiously.

“Oh? What? Ming Xuanzhi was able to return because he was saved by the people from the Dragon Palace?”

All the experts from the major powers were slightly shocked when they heard this. Their eyes flickered as they stared at Ming Xuanzhi.

“Old Man Ming, the people from the Dragon Palace killed my disciple. This is the grudge between our Red Mist clan and the Dragon Palace. You’d better not get involved!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Heavenly Emperor Hong Tian’s expression turned gloomy when he heard this as he coldly asked.

“Hahaha, the matter of my benefactor is also my matter. Don’t talk about whether I want to interfere or not, even if I want to fuck you guys, so what?”

God Emperor Hong Tian said coldly, not giving god Emperor Hong Tian any face at all.

This caused God Emperor Hong Tian’s gaze to freeze, and his expression was extremely awkward.

Ming Xuanzhi’s every action did not represent him personally, but the entire dark sky clan.

Especially now that the clan leader of the Dark Sky clan was his son, he was also an existence at the peak of the god Emperor Realm.

Ming Xuanzhi’s decision could represent the Dark Sky clan.

The current strength of the Dark Sky clan was definitely one of the top existences in this starry sky.

Their foundation was much stronger than the Red Fog clan that he had just established.

The surrounding factions were slightly speechless when they saw the powerful Ming Xuanzhi.

This was not giving any face to God Emperor Hong Tian.

However, Ming Xuanzhi was also one of the few people in this starry sky who could not give face to God Emperor Hong Tian.

“Old Man Ming, I can not make a move today. However, you must know that this is me giving face to your Tianming clan and not you.”

God Emperor Hong Tian’s expression changed as he spoke in a sinister tone.

As he spoke, he looked at Wang Xian and the rest with a murderous look in his eyes. “This time, you guys are lucky. Next time, you won’t be so lucky!”

“Hehe!”

When Wang Xian and the rest heard the words of God Emperor Hong Tian, their eyes revealed a sinister look.

They had come to participate in the Red Fog clan’s founding ceremony today, but they did not expect such a situation.

Furthermore, the Red Fog clan and God Emperor Hong Tian obviously knew that it was their Dragon Palace who had killed his clan’s disciple.

However, they still invited the Dragon Palace to destroy them and use witchcraft to find the location of the Dragon Palace.

This was obviously a banquet!

“Ming Xuanzhi, do one thing for us. After that, we can call it even!”

“Of course, you can also reject it!”

A hint of killing intent flashed in Wang Xian’s eyes. He looked at Ming Xuanzhi and said directly.

“Dragon King, let’s not talk about one thing. My Life is saved by you guys. As long as you say the word, I, Old Ming, will not refuse!”

Ming xuanzhi patted his chest and said loudly.

“Help us attack the Red Mist tribe right now and we won’t owe each other anything after this!”

Wang Xian continued to say as he stared at him.

Ming Xuanzhi’s gaze froze when he heard Wang Xian’s words.

“Hahaha, I like my benefactor to settle scores with him. If you have the strength, I will kill them.”

“Alright, Alright, Alright. My benefactor saved my life before. I will kill whoever you say. Isn’t it just God Emperor Hong Tian? Haha, Kill!”

Ming Xuanzhi laughed out loud. His face was filled with killing intent as he roared furiously.

A book and a staff appeared in his hand.

“Keke, good, good, good. Old Man Ming, help us deal with God Emperor Hong Tian. We will do the rest. Even if we are no match for them, we must make the Red Fog clan’s grand ceremony climax.”

Ba Qi laughed out loud and shouted with a ferocious and excited face.

Wang Xian also laughed. Waves of terrifying aura rose from his body.

“What?”

“Let’s Retreat!”

“Hiss, this… the people from the Dragon Palace are so f * cking crazy. They are going to kill the Red Fog clan directly?”

The powerhouses from various factions sensed the murderous aura from their bodies and felt this aura. Their expressions changed slightly and they immediately retreated.

God Emperor Hong Tian was stunned. He clenched his fists slightly and his expression was abnormally ugly.

The other experts from the red fog race were also stunned. They stared at them with killing intent and vigilance.

“Ming Xuanzhi, are you completely going to become enemies with our red fog race? is your dark sky race going to become enemies with us?”

God Emperor Hong Tian roared in a low voice.

“I only represent myself. I don’t represent the dark sky race. Don’t Worry!”

Ming xuanzhi said indifferently, “Who asked you to provoke my benefactor? Today, let this clan establishment ceremony be stirred up. hahaha!”

As he spoke, he waved his arm. The scepter in his hand tapped on the book in front of him. Streams of black flames flew out from the book and directly attacked the Hong Tian Divine Emperor.

“Keke Keke, let’s get excited. Let’s Fight!”

Mo Sha roared crazily. Without any hesitation, he moved his body and instantly flew towards the back.

Behind him were tens of thousands of experts below the celestial emperor level of the red fog race.

For Mo Sha, an existence at this level could easily kill a large number of them.

Boom

Wang Xian didn’t hesitate at all. He moved his body and flapped his incipient saint wings. He attacked the celestial emperor of the red fog race at a terrifying speed.

The eight-pointed heaven formation did not hesitate at all. He immediately unleashed his attack.

The battle erupted in an instant!

“All of you are courting death!”

When Celestial Thearch of Hong Tian saw Ming Xuanzhi attacking and Wang Xian and the rest attacking, his eyes revealed a crazed killing intent. He roared furiously.

“Kill! Kill them all!”

He ordered his subordinates furiously.

Today was the day their Red Fog clan was established.

However, they were attacked at this moment.

This was a provocation and humiliation to their red fog clan.

After today, their Red Fog clan would become a joke among the various factions.

Kill!

Kill those fellows from the Dragon Palace and let them know the consequences.

Also, let Ming Xuanzhi know the consequences of offending him.

A burst of violent killing intent shot out from the body of God Emperor Hong Tian. Above his head, the acquired Numinous Treasure, the magnetic halo, emitted a red glow.