Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3173: 3172 Heavenly Sea Dragon Palace ruins

Ever since Wang Xian announced that the Dragon Palace was settling down, the members of the Dragon Palace had nothing to do.

Prime Minister Gui had made a plan. Every month, half of the combat dragon species of the Dragon Palace would hunt in the Milky Way.

They would hunt some of the aquatic dire beasts in the Milky Way.

The remaining half of the members could move around in the Dragon Palace or in the Milky Way.

This made the members of the Dragon Palace completely relaxed.

With the development of the Dragon Palace, the members of the Dragon Palace spent most of their time on cultivation.

Now that they had time to go out and play, some disciples of the Dragon Palace were also active in the Milky Way.

This made the disciples of some races see the members of the Dragon Palace.

Facing the disciples of the Dragon Palace, the disciples of the other forces were also full of surprise.

It was not only because of the strength of the Dragon Palace, but also because of the strength of the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Time passed day by day, and the Milky Way had completely settled down.

The disciples of the Dragon Palace were active in the Milky Way. Every month, a large number of desolate beasts in the water were hunted by the Dragon Palace.

The universe knight-level desolate beasts in the powerful areas of the Milky Way were subdued and suppressed by the Dragon Palace one by one.

Two of the universe knight-level level 2 dire beasts were subdued by Wang Xian.

Under the lead of an lie, they went to another piece of starry sky for sale.

Wang Xian and the rest were not unfamiliar with this piece of starry sky. This was the starry sky where the ancient painting sect was located.

The spiritual energy in this piece of starry sky was denser. There were 50 to 60 primary universe races gathered here.

Furthermore, there were Level 4 universe knights in this patch of starry sky.

Wang Xian and the rest sold the universe knight-level battlefields here. During the auction, it caused a huge commotion.

Two level 2 Universe Knights’War Pets allowed the Dragon Palace to obtain a large amount of resources.

In two years, the Dragon Palace had ten more universe knight-level disciples, and two more level 3 universe knights’combat strength.

One was the sky array, and the other was the eight points.

Over the past two years, it was just a snap of the fingers in the universe.

However, the progress of the Dragon Palace in the past two years was not slow.

However, over the past two years, the Dragon Palace had killed a large number of aquatic dire beasts in the Milky Way, and all the universe knights had been subdued.

“Dragon King, the resources in the Milky Way have been mostly plundered by our Dragon Palace. It will be difficult for us to continue to improve.”

Two and a half years later, Wang Xian received a report from Prime Minister Gui.

“Although the Milky Way is rich in resources, our dragon palace is also a bottomless pit.”

Wang Xian said faintly, his eyes glimmering.

“Dragon King, should we explore other galaxies next?”

Prime Minister Gui hesitated for a moment before speaking.

“Let’s Wait a little longer. There’s no need to be too anxious. Let the members of the Dragon Palace rest well.”

Wang Xian shook his head.

The Dragon Palace was not in a hurry to change their position.

He was prepared to stay in the Milky Way for at least ten years.

After ten years, he would consider heading to another galaxy.

After all, the Dragon Palace had only been established for thirty to forty years.

The other primary races in the universe had gone through hundreds of millions of years of development.

Therefore, it was good for the Dragon Palace to settle down.

“Alright.”

Prime Minister Gui nodded in agreement.

It would be beneficial for them to let the members of the Dragon Palace move around in the universe more.

“Is there any news from the ancient art sect?”

Wang Xian asked.

Ever since the Dragon Palace had exterminated the three races over the past two years, the ancient art sect did not seek revenge and did not announce anything on the universe AI.

It was as if the Dragon Palace had not killed the three level 2 universe knights.

“No, we are too far away from the ancient painting sect, so we do not have much information about them. However, with the strength we have displayed, the ancient painting sect can not exterminate us. They may not take action if they are not confident.”

“However, our Dragon Palace still has to be on guard.”

Prime Minister Gui shook his head.

“Yes, tell the disciples of the Dragon Palace outside to be careful too.”

Wang Xian nodded his head.

The enmity between them and the ancient painting sect had already been formed. They had no choice but to be on guard.

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head.

Time passed day by day.

By chance, some of the other primary races from the Milky Way came to visit and gave them some gifts.

Wang Xian did not reject their good intentions and also made clear the stance of the Dragon Palace.

As long as others did not bully the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace would not bully others either.

Two months later, a piece of information caused quite a stir in the Milky Way.

The information came from the Sky Sea.

The Starry Sky where the ancient painting sect was located in the Sky Sea was an ocean on a huge land.

That continent was huge, and there were all kinds of demonic beasts living on it.

Tianhai was also huge. Although there was a huge gap between it and the Milky Way, the spiritual energy there was more abundant than the Milky Way.

Most importantly, that place used to be where the divine dragon lived.

It was where the powerful purebred divine dragon lived.

There was also a dragon palace there.

The rise of the Heavenly Dragon clan was because of that Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace was called the Heavenly Sea Dragon Palace. According to rumors, it was the Heavenly Sea Dragon King’s Dragon Palace.

Once, the Heavenly Sea Dragon King was one of the overlords of that starry sky.

Later on, he fell and left behind his own Dragon Palace.

According to rumors, that Dragon Palace contained the inheritance of the Divine Dragon Clan. There were many powerful existences who entered and returned helplessly.

And there was only one way to enter the Sky Sea Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace opened, and the Dragon Gate was broken through.

The Sky Sea Dragon Palace opened once every ten thousand years, and every time it opened, it would open for a month.

It was rumored that breaking through the Dragon Palace would allow a fish to leap over the Dragon Gate.

Every time the Dragon Gate opened, it was a feast for the Demon Beast Clan.

In the past, the Milky Way did not have such a huge commotion over this news, but this time, for some unknown reason, it caused a huge commotion.

However, this news had also stirred the hearts of many powerful demonic beasts, especially those from the water tribe.

A fish leaping over the dragon gate was something that many yearned for.

Furthermore, if one could leap over the Dragon Gate, joining the Dragon Palace would be a piece of cake.

“Eh?”

At the location of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian was also the first to receive this news. When he saw the contents of the news, he was slightly stunned.

“The ruins of the skysea Dragon King’s Dragon Palace?”

“A powerful Divine Dragon’s Dragon Palace?”

This gave him a slight shock as his eyes sparkled.

He had never seen a divine dragon’s Dragon Palace before.

“Skysea Dragon King’s Dragon Palace? Indeed, there are all sorts of opportunities in this vast universe.”

Wang Xian mumbled and revealed a smile.

“Prime Minister Gui, send someone to investigate the situation of the skysea Dragon Palace.”

He immediately instructed.

Since he had obtained the ruins of the Dragon Palace, he naturally had to go and take a look.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately and walked out.

Wang Xian looked at the AI and searched for information regarding the Tianhai Dragon Palace on the AI.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com