Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3205: 3204 exterminating the Qingzhou trading company

Wang Xian was not prepared to wage a complete war against the Xingjiang clan.

This time, the Xingjiang clan leader’s probing attack had given them a better understanding of the strength of the Dragon Palace.

They would definitely not dare to attack the Dragon Palace again.

The Dragon Palace was not prepared to continue the war either. They had just exterminated two major factions. The Dragon Palace needed to settle down and improve.

Wang Xian and the rest flew to a palace on the bridge of the ancient painting planet and waited for news from the sky array.

While Wang Xian and the rest were waiting, the battle between the Xingjiang clan leader, venerate ending Yang, and the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace shook the entire Xingjiang Galaxy.

It was especially so when the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace defeated the Xingjiang clan leader.

“The Xingjiang clan leader, venerate ending Yang, is the strongest person here. He is the only level four universe knight, yet he was defeated by the Dragon King!”

“I heard that Mo Yang Knight was heavily injured and escaped, no wonder the Dragon Palace was able to destroy the Sky Dragon Clan and the ancient painting sect, this power is too terrifying!”

“The Dragon God lineage, that Dragon Palace has a pure-blooded dragon God, that Dragon King is also a very powerful Dragon God, a true dragon God, is completely incomparable to the Sky Dragon Clan.”

“Too strong, if it’s not a fierce dragon, it won’t cross the river. No wonder the Dragon Palace Dragon King dared to kill the Star River Clan Knight, they have this power.”

On the universe AI, countless people were discussing.

At this moment, all the people of the Starriver clan fell silent.

They didn’t expect that their clan leader would be defeated by the Dragon King.

At this moment, in the Qingzhou Trading Company.

The Qingzhou Trading Company was the biggest in this area, with more than ten knights.

However, after the Dragon Palace destroyed 5, there were only about 10 left.

When they found out that the Heavenly Dragon Clan, the ancient art sect, and their Green Province trading company Knight had been destroyed, they were instantly terrified.

Especially after they found out that the Star River clan leader had been defeated by the Dragon Palace Dragon King.

They didn’t hesitate at all, bringing along all the Warriors and treasures, immediately hiding in a very secret place.

The head of the Green Province Trading Company even prepared to flee to another void space after the Dragon Palace left.

The huge change in the Green Province trading company didn’t attract too much attention in this boiling starry sky.

However, what the Green Province Trading Company didn’t know was that there were already outsiders amongst their group of knights.

Their every move was also monitored.

…

“Dragon King!”

At the bridge of the ancient painting planet, the sky array rushed over from the Heavenly Dragon clan with a smile on his face.

“Continue to search for the universe God countries of the ancient painting sect’s paragons.”

Wang Xian instructed him.

“It’s Dragon King!”

The sky array nodded and took out some of the blood of the ancient painting sect’s paragons. He began to search for the location of their God countries.

It wasn’t easy to find the god countries, and it took a long time.

In the next 10 hours, sky array found 90% of the universe God countries.

Some of the universe God countries were too far away, or for other reasons, they couldn’t be found.

But even so, the universe god countries that were found had huge resources.

After all, this was the savings of a universe knight for hundreds of millions of years.

Even if it was not as valuable as the treasury of their sect, there were still many precious items inside.

“Let’s go back. How is the situation with the poisonous horned dragon?”

Wang Xian asked the eight point demon fiend and the rest.

“Dragon King, they are already staying on the bodies of the universe knights of the Green Prefecture Trading Company. Now that all the elite experts of the Green Prefecture trading company are hiding in a secret place, we can directly kill our way over.”

Ba Qi immediately replied.

“Alright, Willow Deity, bring them to destroy the Green Province trading company. I will make another trip to the Sky Dragon Clan.”

Wang Xian immediately instructed, “After destroying them, all of you come to the Sky Dragon Clan.”

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Willow deity and the rest nodded.

Wang Xian separated from them and flew toward the Sky Dragon Clan once again.

This time, he wanted to build a dragon palace instead of anything else.

As long as he built a dragon palace there, it would be much more convenient for him to travel back and forth to the Milky Way.

Furthermore, the resources in the Milky Way could no longer keep up with the development of the Dragon Palace. It might not be long before the Dragon Palace would transfer the main dragon palace here.

Wang Xian was very fast. After more than ten hours, he arrived at the Heaven Dragon Clan.

Currently, there were no more disciples in the headquarters of the Heaven Dragon tribe. No one dared to set foot in the entire ocean for the time being. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Xian went to the Dragon Palace of the Heaven Dragon tribe and stored the Dragon Palace away. He used the system to build a dragon palace.

When the Dragon Palace was completed, there was a piece of news from the willow deity.

The Qingzhou Trading Company had been destroyed.

The destruction of the Qingzhou Trading Company signified the end of this war.

From the Qingzhou Trading Company, the Dragon Palace once again obtained a lot of resources.

As a trading company, the Qingzhou Trading Company also possessed a lot of treasures.

The news of the Qingzhou Trading Company being destroyed quickly spread throughout the starry skies.

This news once again caused quite a stir.

In a short period of time, the Heavenly Dragon Clan, the ancient painting sect, and the Qingzhou Trading Company were all destroyed.

The Dragon Palace announced their strength in a domineering manner.

The destruction of the three primary races in the universe also made all the forces in the starry sky extremely fearful.

Some people had even named the Dragon Palace as the strongest force.

A powerful existence that surpassed the Xingjiang clan.

The Divine Dragon once again roared in their sky.

Perhaps, they should call this place the Roaring Dragon Starry Sky.

Just as everyone in the starry sky was discussing, a large amount of resources were displayed in the Dragon Palace.

“Dragon King, this time, we have obtained 167 universe Knight corpses, including seven universe Knight Level 3 corpses and 135 universe God nation corpses.”

“There are countless other treasures. As for the corpses below the paragon level, there are even more huge ones. There are 3.4 million void God emperor level corpses.”

Prime Minister GUI reported to Wang Xian with a burning gaze.

This time, the Dragon Palace had obtained too many resources. It was no exaggeration to say that it could increase the strength of the Dragon Palace by one or two times.

Just the corpses and the divine kingdom alone could create more than 200 universe paragons in the Dragon Palace.

Not to mention the huge amount of resources.

“Very good. Next, let’s start distributing the spoils of war. Also, send some people to the Dragon Palace in the starry sky of the Galaxy to guard it!”

Wang Xian revealed a smile as his eyes sparkled.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui and the other leaders responded immediately. Their faces were filled with excitement as well.

Wang Xian waved his hand and prepared to take a look at the spoils of war.

This time, apart from the ordinary spoils, he still had a forbidden item in his possession.

There were also some treasures that he obtained from the Tianhai Dragon Palace.

“Eh?”

At this moment, he suddenly noticed some changes in the ancestral tree.