Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3214: 3213

“The Xingjiang clan announces that the Tianhai Dragon King will hold the rising dragon assembly in the seven-colored river ten days from now. All factions in the Xingjiang Galaxy will be present. Those who have not arrived will be killed without mercy!”

In the chaotic Xingjiang Galaxy, a piece of news from the Xingjiang clan once again caused an uproar in the entire galaxy.

In the past ten days, the Tianhai Dragon King had ordered all factions to submit, causing the entire Xingjiang galaxy to be in turmoil.

Especially when the primary races of the Universe announced their submission, there was an uproar.

Now, the Tianhai Dragon King suddenly announced that the Rising Dragon Conference would be held on the tenth day. What did this mean?

“Rising Dragon Conference? It’s the final ultimatum, right? When that day comes, whichever faction doesn’t submit to him, he might have to take action and destroy them.”

“This Tianhai Dragon King is so arrogant, so arrogant. Gathering all the factions in the starry sky, isn’t he afraid of being surrounded and attacked?”

“Surrounded? With what? Now, the Xingjiang clan seems to have been completely subdued by the Tianhai Dragon King. With the Tianhai Dragon King and the Xingjiang clan leader, who in the entire starry sky is their match?”

“With the strength displayed by the Tianhai Dragon King, anyone who doesn’t submit will probably be destroyed. He’s too overbearing.”

Countless people discussed animatedly on the cosmic AI in the starry sky.

When the 30-ODD forces that didn’t submit received the news, their expressions turned extremely ugly.

If they didn’t go after 10 days, they would be destroyed.

However, if they went after 10 days, they would be destroyed even if they didn’t submit.

There was no room for them to choose.

“Rising Dragon Association?”

In the Milky Way Dragon Palace, Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly when he received the news.

“Let’s make it 10 days later then.”

He muttered to himself with a smile on his face.

Currently, he had obtained most of the treasures in the Sky Sea Dragon Palace and half of the Dragon Soul.

The last piece of fleece would be the Sky Sea Dragon Palace.

Once he snatched this over, the Dragon Palace would have two more universe knights at level five.

They would be invincible in the starry sky of the Galaxy.

Wang Xian told the Willow Deity ao Golden Heaven Formation and the others about this news and told them to get ready.

Ten days later, they would make their move!

…

“Has the winter moon race contacted the Gemini Race? Are they willing to make their move?”

In a palace located at the edge of the starry sky, there were over a hundred universe knights sitting in the palace.

An old man looked at the knight with a moon between his eyebrows and asked expectantly.

“We have contacted them. The first elder and second elder of the Gemini race will bring people over. I want to see how long that evil dragon can be arrogant.”

The middle-aged man with the crescent moon between his brows said coldly.

“It’s good that the Gemini race is here. That dragon is too arrogant. I hope the Gemini race can destroy him.”

“It might be difficult to destroy him. That dragon used to be a pure-blooded divine dragon. He’s an old man who has lived for billions of years.”

“Even if we can’t destroy him, it’s good that we can eliminate his arrogance.”

“I heard that there are other races that have invited the powerful races from the surrounding Lu Xing Kong?”

In the main hall, the universe knights were talking, their eyes filled with coldness.

In the universe, one should never underestimate any race.

The Sky Sea Dragon King wanted 50 to 60 universe primary races to submit to him during this rising dragon gathering. Naturally, most of the races wouldn’t agree.

Some races had billions of years of foundation, they had powerful trump cards, and some had powerful connections.

There were even some low-level races that owed a favor to some mid-level races.

Or, there were some low-level races that married mid-level races.

All of these existed.

Normally, they wouldn’t think much of it.

But when they were faced with a life or death threat, their connections would explode.

Obviously, the Sky Sea Dragon King’s threat made many of the universe’s primary races extremely angry.

And the 100 plus venerables in the hall came from more than 10 universe’s primary races.

They used their connections to take out treasures and ask for help from powerful races.

According to the information they received, there were many races that were looking for helpers this time.

They wanted to see how Sky Sea Dragon King would end up this time. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Time passed day by day, and ten days passed in the blink of an eye.

Above the Star River clan, the array formation condensed into a huge square.

At this time, around the square, more than 100 great demons and millions of demon beasts were standing at the forefront.

Around them, the venerables of the Xingjiang clan were standing on both sides.

At a glance, there were about four hundred universe venerables.

In front of this square was an incomparably huge dragon palace.

The entire Dragon Palace was emitting golden light.

The square was connected to the Dragon Palace. It was like a square in front of the palace, where everyone came to pay their respects.

In the Dragon Palace’s Dragon King Hall, the Tianhai Dragon King sat quietly on the dragon throne with his eyes slightly closed.

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

As time passed, figures quickly flew over from the square above the seven-colored river.

Groups of people had solemn expressions on their faces.

There weren’t many people in each group. There were dozens of them, and only a dozen of them were missing.

They all represented different powers.

This rising dragon conference, the powers that came weren’t just the low-level races of the universe, those domain level races also had to come.

“Is this the power of the Sky Sea Dragon King?”

“So Many universe knights, the Sky Sea Dragon King actually has more than 400 universe knights under him, this… that group of demon beasts seems to be from the Demon God Palace.”

When the domain level beings arrived, they all looked at their surroundings in awe.

They came to a corner of the square and stood there waiting quietly.

“Sou Sou Sou!”

More and more powers flew over from the surroundings.

Even though there weren’t many people from each of the powers that had arrived, the entire starry sky of Star River was so huge. Very quickly, tens of thousands of people gathered here.

Almost all of the universe’s primary races, the race knights who had already pledged their allegiance, had arrived.

They walked straight towards the Knights of the Star River clan, smiling apologetically as they tried to get closer to them.

As for the universe’s primary races that hadn’t pledged their allegiance, they gathered together. The Universe Knights looked at each other and smiled faintly.

The entire square was very quiet. It was so quiet that the atmosphere was a little strange.

Everyone knew that this rising dragon conference was not an exchange meeting.

“Dragon King, many of the major races have already arrived. However, it seems that there are still many races that have yet to arrive. I wonder if they will come.”

At this moment, in the distant starry sky, Wang Xian and the others were hiding in the spatial rift.

Willow God’s gaze swept the surroundings, sensing a flying figure toward that side one by one, whispered.

“Tianhai Dragon King wants to suppress the entire starry sky of Xingjiang, I’m afraid the strength is not enough, I’m afraid there will be forces not convinced.”

Wang Xian shook his head slightly.

According to their sensors, only 30 more races have arrived so far, and 20 more have yet to arrive.

If they still hadn’t arrived at this time, it was obvious that they wouldn’t submit to the Sky Sea Dragon King.

What happened next might be interesting.