Chapter 3221: A terrifying speed of 3,220

“Bang!”

Wang Xian arrived in front of a Level 1 universe knight at a terrifying speed.

This time, there were more than 20 races and 200 to 300 universe knights surrounding Wang Xian and the rest.

However, apart from three to four universe knights who could unleash the combat strength of A Level 4 universe knight, the rest of them did not have any effect on Wang Xian.

He instantly arrived in front of a universe knight. His palm turned into a dragon claw and grabbed it directly.

The destructive energy immediately made his life force disappear.

A Level 1 universe knight was completely helpless in front of Wang Xian.

That Universe Knight was instantly killed before he could even scream

“Crash!”

With the flapping of the primaless sacred wings, he disappeared instantly.

“Be careful, he is very fast!”

An old man saw that his own race’s powerhouse was instantly killed. His face revealed a look of fear as he shouted sternly.

“Use an area-of-effect attack and cover him with a powerful energy.”

The eyes of the mech that was emitting a terrifying power flashed red as he ordered.

“Hehe, is it useful?”

When Wang Xian heard his words, his eyes revealed a look of mockery.

The two elders of the mech and the Gemini race, coupled with the strange attacks of the Sheji race, Wang Xian could not do anything to them in a head-on battle.

He might even be at a disadvantage.

However, as long as Wang Xian did not fight them head-on, they could not do anything to Wang Xian’s speed.

Whoosh

Wang Xian flapped his wings and flew around them at a terrifying speed.

Whoosh

In the next moment, he locked onto a dozen figures behind him. Chains appeared around him one after another.

“Be careful!”

The Mech’s eyes were shining. When it sensed Wang Xian’s target, it immediately raised its voice.

However, it was too late.

Hualala

Blood-red chains instantly wrapped around them.

The terrifying chains made the universe knights look horrified.

“Cut!”

An expert holding a broadsword raised the broadsword in his hand in horror and slashed at the chains.

“Bang!”

However, the chains didn’t move at all. The blood-red chains directly penetrated their bodies.

Wang Xian pulled hard, and more than ten universe knights flew toward him.

“No, sir, save us!”

“No, no, no! Don’t Kill Us!”

More than ten universe knights had terrified expressions on their faces, and they begged for mercy loudly.

“Peng!”

However, in the next second, Wang Xian waved his dragon claws, and streams of terrifying energy covered them.

The thirteen universe knights were killed in an instant.

Wang Xian killed them all and kept their corpses. His face showed a hint of coldness.

These corpses were also a huge resource for the Dragon Palace.

“Hehe, you bunch of trash want to compete with our Dragon Palace for Resources?”

Wang Xian said coldly and flapped his wings.

“His speed is too fast. We Can’t keep up at all.”

An elder of the twin species roared with an extremely embarrassed expression.

“Damn it!”

The two women of the Sheji race had a drastic change in expression.

The strength of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace had exceeded their expectations.

“This is just the beginning. Let me see what gives you the right to take away the resources that belong to the Dragon Palace.”Wang Xian swept his gaze across all of them and started moving again.

“Be careful. Everyone, gather together.”

An elder of the Gemini race shouted loudly.

“The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is too fast.”

“How can he be so fast? I can’t even see his movements.”

At this moment, the powerhouses of the starriver galaxy were sweating profusely.

They had a bad premonition.

In just a dozen seconds, more than a dozen universe knights on their side were killed by the Dragon King at a terrifying speed.

They couldn’t even touch the shadow of the Dragon King. How could they fight?

“With just the two of you, you still want to stop my hunt?”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and scanned them with his dragon eyes.

Two experts of the Gemini race were guarding the group while the mech stood in front of the group of supremacies.

Two women of the Sheji race were standing in front of the group of supremacies.

Only three positions were protected by them.

But what about the top, bottom, and fourth position?

Whoosh

Wang Xian flapped his uninitiated holy wings and disappeared instantly.

“Be careful!”

The group of supremacies shouted.

“Soaring clouds!”

At this moment, Clouds and mist suddenly enveloped all of them.

In the midst of the rain and mist, their vision was greatly obstructed.

“Area-of-effect defense, envelop everyone!”

“Defense!”

The mech expert immediately roared loudly.

Beams of dazzling metal blocked the position in front of them.

The bodies of the two elders of the Gemini race and the serpentine race trembled, and they immediately released a powerful defensive force.

The group of Universe Knights in the center also released their defenses immediately, and their expressions were abnormally ugly.

“Hehe!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The moment they released their defenses, Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and looked toward the sky.

“How can these three guys and that terrifying treasure be so powerful!”

In the sky, the expert from the horned seal race was defending against the attacks from the Heaven Formation with an extremely ugly expression.

Ao Jin was fighting in close combat while the willow deity was using thorns to restrain them.

The Heaven Formation was attacking from a distance.

The five elements grinding was also a close combat and energy attack.

The great being of the horned seal race, regardless of whether it was a close combat or a long-range bombardment, would be greatly hindered.

As a level five universe knight, he was restrained by a level four universe knight, which made him feel very aggrieved.

Sou

“Huh? This is bad!”

Just as he was resisting the bombardment of the array and the attack of the dragon tail, he suddenly felt a sense of danger coming from below.

His expression changed slightly, and he immediately looked down.

“Damn it!”

When he saw an incomparably terrifying dragon claw coming at him, his expression changed drastically.

“Boom!”

A huge explosion sounded, and the face of the horned seal race expert changed drastically. He spat out blood, and his eyes turned blood-red.

“What’s going on? There are so many people below you, but you can’t pin down one. Damn it!”

“Dragon Palace, Dragon King, you are courting death, you are provoking our horned seal race.”

The horned seal race warrior flew backwards, his body injured, he roared ferociously.

“What!”

“Not good, that Dragon King didn’t attack us, he went to attack the horned seal race Lord.”

Within the fog, the knights who were releasing powerful defenses heard the roar of the horned seal race warrior and their expressions changed.

They had been played!

When they released their defenses, the Dragon King didn’t attack them, instead he attacked the horned seal race warrior.

The warrior was obviously caught off guard and was injured.

This made their expressions extremely ugly.

“Damn it, that Dragon King is hard to deal with.”

The twin race warriors were extremely ugly.