Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3234 3233 was ambushed

“Elder, are you saying that he might be a hidden powerhouse of the Fire God Palace and deliberately contacted us?”

In the Dragon King Palace of the Water Dragon Palace, a middle-aged powerhouse of the Water Dragon Palace asked the Elder.

“It’s highly possible. Otherwise, how could such a coincidence happen? He just happened to be there and saved Shui Yun.”

“Not long after he left, we were attacked by the Fire Dragon Palace. It’s all too coincidental. What’s more coincidental is that he’s coming to the Water Dragon Palace Now!”

The elder of the Water Dragon Palace nodded slightly.

“No Way! I. . .”

Shui Yun’s face changed slightly. “Then, should we let him come?”

“It’s just a guess. Let him come. When he enters the Water Dragon Palace, he won’t be able to cause any trouble at all.”

“The Fire Dragon Palace took the ten heads of Long Ning and severely injured Ling long. I must take revenge and make them pay a heavy price!”

A burly middle-aged man and a woman were sitting on the dragon throne in front of the Dragon King Palace. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They had dragon horns on their heads and were full of dignity.

“The Fire Dragon Palace and the Demon Dragon Clan have been very close recently. We have to be careful. They planned this attack.”

As soon as the middle-aged man finished speaking, the woman looked down and said, “West Water Tribe, send someone to guard the surroundings of our Dragon Palace. Water secret tribe, go and check out the situation of the Fire Dragon Palace and the Devil Dragon Clan.”

“It’s the Dragon Queen!”

The two old men immediately responded respectfully.

“Dragon Queen, Dragon King, Our Water Dragon Palace is not easy to bully since they dared to attack the princess and the others. I suggest sending someone to assassinate their clansmen and kill anyone they see!”

An old man with a broken head bowed and said in a cold voice.

“That’s right. Our princess is seriously injured. We can’t let this go this time!”

The old woman on the side chimed in, her face full of anger.

“Let’s take a long time to consider this matter.”

The Dragon Queen pondered for a moment, she shook her head and said, “If the Water Dragon Palace and the demon dragon really joined hands, we are not their match. Now, the development of the two clans has reached a bottleneck. If they want to quickly increase their strength and land on the heaven-splitting chaotic continent, they have to think of other ways. It’s possible that they are targeting us.”

“They are targeting us? Aren’t they afraid that they won’t succeed?”

The Water Dragon King said with killing intent.

The Dragon Queen said lightly.

“It’s the Dragon Queen!”

Shuiyun nodded respectfully.

Obviously, the Dragon Queen had a lot of authority in the Water Dragon Palace.

“Let’s go and see Ling long, husband!”

The Dragon Queen stood up slowly and walked toward the back.

“Order all the members of the Water Dragon Palace to retreat to the Dragon Palace and stay alert!”

Soon, an order was given.

…

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

“TSK, TSK, tsk, Your Demon Dragon Dark World is really strange. It’s not inferior to the Dragon Palace at all!”

At the same time, in a dark void, an enormous fire dragon swayed its illusionary body and looked around.

“Hehe, Fire Dragon Lord, this dark realm of the Devil Dragon is modified by a powerful senior Devil Dragon. It’s similar to the Dragon Palace. Isn’t it much more powerful than the Fire Dragon Palace?”

A middle-aged man with dragon claws and a dragon tail was floating in front of the illusionary fire dragon and said with a faint smile.

“There’s still some distance between us and the Fire Dragon Palace. There’s also some distance between us and the Water Dragon Palace.”

The illusory fire dragon shook his head faintly.

“Humph, Fire Dragon King, have you found a way to break through the Water Dragon Palace? If we can’t break through the Water Dragon Palace, we’ll be at a loss.”

The middle-aged man with a Dragon Claw and a dragon tail humphed and asked.

“Don’t worry. The preparations are almost complete. There won’t be any problems. When the time comes, we’ll Still Need Your Demon Dragon Dark World to cover us.”

The fire god Dragon said confidently.

“Okay, when do we act?”

The dragon-tailed middle-aged man nodded and continued to ask.

“We have to weaken some of their strength. Otherwise, even if we can destroy them, we’ll still suffer a great loss. This time, this dragon Lord has come for this matter.”

The fire god Dragon said calmly. With a light swipe of his Dragon Claw, a starry sky chart appeared in front of them.

There were a few words on the starry sky chart: Dragon Eagle, Ghost Dragon, Fire Cloud, and Hell Claw.

If it was a great being who surrounded Lu Xing Kong, he would definitely know what these eight words meant.

…

“Ten days or so, this surrounding Lu Xing Kong is really vast.”

In a void space located in the surrounding Lu Xing Kong, Wang Xian was flying rapidly.

However, according to his investigation, it would take him ten days to fly from here to the Water Dragon Palace.

His speed was already comparable to a universe knight level 6. One could imagine how far that distance was.

“If Little Blue and the others were here, I might be able to travel faster.”

He muttered. Little Blue’s black hole travel was much stronger than his teleportation.

He could almost instantly travel a long distance.

However, 10 days was not even a snap of the fingers for the universe.

Time passed day by day. In the starry sky, he saw all kinds of spaceships.

He even saw terrifying mechas.

This also made him not feel bored during the journey.

“We’re almost there!”

Ten days passed very quickly. Wang Xian looked ahead, his eyes flashing.

It was a continent shrouded in clouds. The entire continent was incomparably vast.

The faintly discernible continent was like a fairyland.

That was the headquarters of the Water Dragon Palace, the water dragon continent.

According to his understanding from the universe AI, there were tens of millions of sub-dragons and members of the Water Dragon Palace.

Among them, the number of universe Knights was around 5,000.

The strength of the Water Dragon Palace was not weak.

If the number of pure-bred divine dragons was not hidden, there were three of them.

The Water Dragon King, the Water Dragon Queen, and the Water Dragon Palace’s Princess who was born from them.

The last time Wang Xian met her, it should be the princess of the Water Dragon Palace.

“Eh?”

Just as he was about to speed up, he sensed a surge of energy.

This caused his gaze to freeze.

At the position behind him, a hand reached out from the void crack.

The ferocious Black Hand seemed to have emerged from hell. The Black Hand was only half a meter in size and was grabbing towards him.

“What’s going on?”

He squinted his eyes slightly and a chain went straight towards the Black Hand.

“Roar!”

The hand sensed the power of the chain and immediately retracted into the void.

“Come out!”

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. His body trembled and he reached out to pull it out.

However, at this moment, the Black Claw seemed to have broken and was pulled up by him.

“Dragon’s eyes!”

When Wang Xian saw this scene, a divine dragon flashed in his eyes as he stared downwards.

“Dragon Claw of Light!”

His arm turned into a dragon claw of light as he clawed downwards.