3238 3237 joined the battle

“Hehe, what do you think? Look, I’m a purebred divine dragon, a water divine dragon. My parents are purebred water divine dragons too.”

“In the entire water dragon palace, only the three of us are purebred divine dragons!”

In the Dragon King Hall of the Water Dragon Palace, Shui Linglong transformed into a water linglong. She swayed her body as she flew in front of Wang Xian. Her face was filled with pride.

It was suspected that there were only three purebred water god dragons in the entire universe.

There were no purebred water god Dragons among the other divine dragons.

“Very impressive!”

Wang Xian looked at Shui Linglong swaying her body and showing off. A smile appeared on his face as he praised her.

“Hehe, that weapon of yours is pretty impressive as well. I can sense a powerful bloodline power of the Divine Dragon. Let me see your true form!”

Shui Linglong transformed into her human form and walked up to him as she asked curiously.

There was a hint of connection between the divine dragons. Wang Xian could sense the bloodline power in Shui Linglong’s body. Similarly, Shui Linglong could also sense the bloodline power in his body.

“Linglong, don’t be so rude!”

Above, the Water Dragon King glared at his daughter and said with a smile.

“I’m fine.”

Wang Xian shook his head nonchalantly. His body moved and immediately transformed into the body of the Divine Dragon.

He shrunk his body to about ten meters.

An eight-colored radiance was emitted from his body. A powerful dragon’s might caused Shui Linglong, who was standing in front of him, to widen her eyes. She could not help but retreat backward.

The entire body of the divine dragon looked exceptionally resplendent and majestic. Only the incipient sacred wings had slightly affected the beauty of the body.

Even so, Shui Linglong and the Water Dragon King, the Water Dragon Queen, were still filled with shock.

Feeling this terrifying pressure, their faces revealed a solemn expression.

The Water Dragon King and the Water Dragon Queen looked at each other.

“I didn’t expect young master Wang Xian to have the combat strength of a level five universe knight. The bloodline of the divine dragon is also so strong. He must be a mutated purebred divine dragon, right?”

The eyes of the Water Dragon Queen flickered as she asked.

“Yes, I guess so!”

“Mutated purebred divine dragon? Isn’t that stronger than a purebred divine dragon?”

Shui Linglong widened her eyes and exclaimed in disbelief.

She knew that there were bone dragons and frost dragons among the mutated purebred divine dragons.

These mutated divine dragons were at the same level as the purebred divine dragons and were one level stronger than them.

In the universe, they were existences that surpassed the peak.

There might not be too many of these mutated divine dragons in the entire universe.

Wang Xian smiled when he saw her surprised look.

“Mutated divine dragons are also very rare when they are at the peak of the Divine Dragon Clan. I didn’t expect young master Wang Xian to have such a fortuitous encounter.”

On the stage, the Water Dragon King sighed slightly.

“Let’s talk while we eat. Let Linglong bring young master Wang Xian around the Water Dragon Palace later.”

At this moment, the maid of the Water Dragon Palace brought over some exquisite food. The Water Dragon Queen said with a smile.

“Alright, Alright! I’ll bring you around the Water Dragon Palace later. I didn’t expect you to be so powerful. You’re almost on par with my parents.”

“However, my strength is already comparable to a universe knight Level 4. It Won’t be long before I surpass you guys.”

Shui Linglong raised her head slightly as she spoke.

“These are some delicacies specially produced by our Water Dragon Palace. Please enjoy, young master Wang Xian.”

Water Dragon King smiled and gestured.

“Alright!”

Wang Xian nodded. The food was the fruit of a universe knight at level four. It was made with some seasonings.

There were also a few pieces of meat by the side that contained a majestic energy.

This meal could be said to be incomparably rich. At least, it was the best delicacies that Wang Xian had eaten so far.

“Let’s go, let’s go. I’ll bring you to the Water Dragon Palace for a stroll.”

After the meal, Shui Linglong waved at him and said.

“Hehe.”

The Water Dragon King and the Water Dragon Queen looked at their figures and smiled.

“If Linglong can be together with this young master Wang Xian, it would be a good thing.”

Seeing them leave, the Water Dragon Queen said with a smile on her face.

“Yes, it is indeed the best choice. The offspring of the mutated and purebred divine dragons are very likely to be purebred divine dragons. Even if they aren’t, they are likely to be the legendary peak dragon species.”

The Water Dragon King nodded slightly.

“I’m not talking about the bloodline. I feel that Ling long is very passionate about that Wang Xian.”

The Water Dragon Queen rolled her eyes at him and said.

“Haha, it’s a good thing anyway. It’s a good thing!”

The Water Dragon King laughed out loud. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

…

“Roar!”

“Damn you, you ruined my plan. I’m going to kill you!”

While Shui Linglong and Wang Xian were looking around the water dragon palace, they were in a distant starry sky.

The entire starry sky was covered by a blood-red light.

In the starry sky, there were numerous meteorites emitting lava floating around.

With a glance, this was the starry sky of flames.

On the planet in the middle of this starry sky, there was an incomparably huge flaming planet.

It was dozens of times bigger and hundreds of times hotter than the Sun in the other starry skies.

From time to time, one could see terrifying lava erupting out.

In the center of this flaming star, there was an enormous flaming dragon palace.

In the Dragon King Shop of the Flaming Dragon Palace, a Flaming Dragon God roared furiously.

Below him, more than ten sub-dragons were crouching down, trembling, not daring to breathe loudly.

“Fire Dragon Lord, the plan has failed. If we can’t open the gate of the Water Dragon Palace, how can we attack the Water Dragon Palace? Humph, this is a waste of my time.”

A middle-aged man in black armor with a dragon claw and a dragon tail stood at the side. He looked at the Fire Dragon Lord and snorted, his eyes full of dissatisfaction.

“Don’t worry. Although this plan has failed, I still have other plans. I will destroy the Water Dragon Palace.”

The Fire Dragon Lord said with a grim face.

“HMM? You still have a way to open the Water Dragon Palace?”

The middle-aged man with Dragon Claws and dragon tails was surprised.

“Of course. Get Your Men Ready.”

The Fire Dragon Lord said coldly, and the flames on his body rose.

“Good. Fire Dragon Lord, I will trust you one last time. Take Action in a month!”

The middle-aged man with Dragon Claws and dragon tails said coldly and disappeared instantly.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Fire Dragon Lord let out an angry roar. He moved his arm and a crystal box flew over.

He slowly opened it, revealing a dragon pearl that was emitting a blue light.

The entire Dragon Pearl was emitting a terrifying power.

This was the dragon pearl of the Water Dragon Palace.

“What a pity for such a precious treasure.”

Fire Dragon Lord growled in a low voice, unwilling to give up.

“Pass down my order. Kill all those who enter or leave the Water Dragon Palace. Lock down the entire water dragon palace. I’ll destroy them in a month.”

Soon, the orders were delivered in the Fire Dragon Palace.

“Yes!”

The sub-dragon species of the fire dragon palace immediately responded.