Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 331: To Refine All Elixir Pills In The World With The Origin Source Flame

“Young Master, Mo Shiwu has sent word. The floating island is now beside the Bohai Sea. A group of Dragon Palace members is now guarding it!” the Dragonians updated Wang Xian.

After exiting from the Heavenly Sound Sect, seven Dragonians from the Abyss parted ways with Wang Xian, while he rushed over to Rivertown on his caravan.

The original plan was to transform the Bohai Sea island into a base, but it had since been aborted due to the emergence of the Sacred Seas of Swords.

Construction on the island was also left to waste, while the group of Dragonians was given free rein to develop on their own.

As of now, the Bohai Sea island was of minimal use to Wang Xian and gang. On the other hand, the floating island had taken over as the optimal base.

“We’ll transform the floating island, and refurbish a part of it into the future base of the Dragon Sect. In addition, we’ll refurbish another part of the island into a scenic spot. Yes, and the area shall also serve as a place for residence, fun, and leisure!” Wang Xian elaborated with a radiating smile.

“Yes, Young Master!” Mo Qinglong nodded in acknowledgment.

The caravan sped its way ahead and arrived at the villa before nightfall.

Wang Xian walked into the villa beaming, only to realize that there was no one in the room.

He gave Xiao Yu a call and was told that the group of girls had gone out for a meal and shopping.

“Let’s go. Let’s head over to the floating island,” Wang Xian said, shaking his head.

With one quick shift, Wang Xian dived into the sea and hurried over in the direction of the floating island.

As he was nearing the floating island, Wang Xian could see his group of Dragon Sect henchmen patrolling around the island.

Under their protection, the floating island would never be seized, even if it should be discovered.

For three Level 11 creatures and close to another thirty Inborn-level fighters had spaced themselves out around the perimeter of the island. This made the island impregnable, even if it was attacked by two Sacred Sects at once.

Whereas Mo Shiwu had seen to the clearing up and sorting out of the treasures on the island single handedly, keeping them stored in a room.

After these treasures were sold for cash, there would be more than sufficient funds to commence construction on the island.

Under Wang Xian’s orders, the leisure area was to be constructed in resemblance to famous beaches, so it would be very ideal as a relaxation spot in the times to come.

As he arrived at the Spiritual Medicine Garden, Wang Xian saw that the Spiritual Medicine plants were growing well and healthy.

Let’s test out my Art of Refining Elixir Pills, Wang Xian suggested to himself. He’d had no opportunity to try it out ever since he had gained the technique.

The Art of Refining Elixir Pills was an ability which Wang Xian now prioritized. His intention was thus to master it as soon as possible.

The most ordinary of Elixir Pills would be Level 1 Elixir Pills. Amongst which, the Qi Accumulation Pill’s considered the elementary Elixir Pill. Level 2 to 3 Martial Artists would take them to upgrade a level directly. In addition, the Qi Accumulation Pill’s able to help strengthen one’s constitution when taken, which would greatly benefit even Level 5 to 6 Martial Artists!

As he stood in front of the Spiritual Medicine Garden, he began to recall individual Elixir Pill recipes.

“Qi Accumulation Grass, and Water Flower!” Wang Xian exclaimed. He remembered that only two types of Spiritual Grasses were required in the refinement of a Qi Accumulation Pill. Whereas there was only one formula to abide by in the refinement of an Elixir Pill. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

A Level 1 Elixir Pill would be attained using flame refinement, along with the combination of two types of Spiritual Grasses in a perfected ratio. While a Level 2 Elixir Pill would require the combination of four Spiritual Grass types during refinement, and nine types in the case of a Level 3 Elixir Pill, and so on and so forth.

Hence, a Level 4 Elixir Pill would take up sixteen Spiritual Grass types, given that the formula was the square of the Pill Level in question.

Meanwhile, a stalk of Qi Accumulation Pill and a Water Flower could produce more than one Elixir Pill after refinement, where powerful alchemists could even produce up to three pills in one go.

And these several pills would be worth more than ten times the original value of the Qi Accumulation Grass and Water Flower combined.

Thus the occupation of an alchemist was a very lucrative career. Yet, at the same time, it was one which required substantial investment. Hence, many alchemists ended up losing money as the refinement of Elixir Pills did not come with guaranteed success.

According to Sui Huang, only several forces within the underworld had mastered the Art of Refining Elixir Pills, thus controlling its industry; which makes alchemists even rarer than Miracle Doctors.

The Medical Saint Sect was the best when it came to the Art of Refining Elixir Pills, given that they possessed the most Elixir Pill recipes. Using these Elixir Pills to help save and treat patients, they were thus ranked amongst the top three of all Sacred Sects.

Next came the Medical Tripod Mountain Sect. Not only were they a First-Class Force, but the apex of all, one which even other Sacred Sects maintained close ties with.

There were barely any existing alchemists within the underworld, which explained why Elixir Pills became even rarer.

Wang Xian walked into the Spiritual Medicine Garden, and plucked a stalk of Qi Accumulation Grass and a Water Flower. As the two were Level 1 Spiritual Grasses, there were plenty of them growing in the garden.

To which, he began to recollect the composite ratio of the Qi Accumulation Pill along with the essentials of refining one.

“Based on the Manual on the Art of Refining Elixir Pills, an alchemy furnace is not required for the refinement of Pills below Level 3. It’ll only be necessary for Pills of higher Levels. Under stabilized flames, melt the Qi Accumulation Grass and Water Flower. At the moment when they melt, mix the two together in ratios of 1.035 to 2.312 respectively. Thereafter, simmer the mix in mid-fire until the two blend together perfectly,” Wang Xian recited.

This involved the melting and ablation points.

As the name suggests, melting points concern the melting of composites. As for ablation, this involves the composite turning into ash.

Where the flames are too strong, the Spiritual Grasses would turn directly into ash, and render the refinement a complete failure.

In addition, there were the opportune moments of blending, and timings to be considered, making it all the more complicated!

Hence, the Art of Refining Elixir Pills was not as simple as it seemed. It would take hundreds, even thousands of practice attempts before one could become an alchemist.

“Humph, let’s give it a go!” Wang Xian willed himself as he took in a deep breath. By inhaling deeply, he helped to calm himself down as he sorted his thoughts out.

First came the controlling of the flame temperatures, which had to be neither too high nor too low.

Next came the composite ratios of the ingredients.

The controlling of flames was a piece of cake to Wang Xian. With the Origin Source Flame in his possession, he could therefore change the temperatures of the flame at will.

As Wang Xian stretched his palms out, a ball of flames appeared on both. At his will, he transformed the flames into two small objects which resembled ramequins. Glowing, the two Flaming Bowls seemed to brim with life.

“First, let’s try to control and adjust the flames!” Wang Xian said as he looked at the two Flaming Bowls. At his will, the flames on the left bowl darkened in color, while the one on the right remained constant.

“Alright, the two Spiritual Grasses need to be mixed together within one second after they’ve melted. Plus, they have to be blended according to the perfect ratio. Otherwise, the Elixir Pill will end up as poison instead of medicine!” Wang Xian cautioned.

With one swift toss, Wang Xian emptied the two Spiritual Grasses into the Flaming Bowls.

Just then, the notification came.

Ding!

[Are you intending to refine all Elixir Pills in the world with the Origin Source Flame?]

To which, Wang Xian was mildly startled as his face twitched briefly.

“Yes!” Wang Xian nodded immediately, as his eyes glistened.

Suddenly, Wang Xian noticed changes in the flames in his hands. They turned red, crimson red to be exact, and as the two Spiritual Grasses landed upon the fiery surface, they melted into drops of liquid.

The liquid appeared very eye-catching as it swirled within the Origin Source Flame. None of the liquid had dissipated, as though it had been protected by the flames, which meant that the medicinal effects had not weakened either.

“Tsk! At this rate, it seems like we can bypass many steps in the refining of Elixir Pills!” Wang Xian gasped in excitement.

Controlling the liquids of the two Spiritual Grasses once again, he willed them, this time causing them to commence mixing.

“Blend!” Wang Xian commanded with a glow in his eyes, looking at the four liquid masses.