3305 3304 Lich Kingdom, Scorpion Emperor City

The strong preyed on the weak on the Split Heaven Primal Continent. Once the great beings that surrounded the starry skies entered this place, they would be killed even if they were killed! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Here, the only law was survival of the fittest.

The entire Split Heaven Primal Continent was huge, so huge that it exceeded all imagination.

As the origin of life in the universe, the number of Great Beings at the universe knight level here was extremely terrifying.

Here, only universe knights above level seven could be called Great Beings.

The closer one was to the center of the land, the more great beings there were.

This was because the places near the center were all places where the disciples of the top-tier races of the high-level races were active.

In the entire land, the major races occupied most of it, and a small portion was occupied by some desolate beasts and space beasts.

As well as some plants and mountains that possessed powerful intelligence and strength.

Do not underestimate these.

The most famous place in the heaven opening desolate continent was the land of mountains and seas. It was a paradise for desolate beasts and space behemoths.

The strength of the desolate beasts and space behemoths there was comparable to the strength of a peak race.

Even experts from peak races had to be careful when they entered.

Some strange desolate beasts and space behemoths might not be able to escape even if one wanted to.

Wang Xian floated in the void as his eyes flickered as he scanned his surroundings.

A map of this region of the heaven splitting chaotic land appeared in his mind.

There were quite a number of mid-level and high-level races at the edge of this region. There were more than a hundred of them.

Of course, these were only the ones that were closer to where Wang Xian was.

The closer he was to the edge of the land, the weaker the races were.

He flew straight into the land. The divine grass and divine trees could be seen everywhere.

The divine level plants were nothing special.

One could see many divine king level plants with just a glance.

It could be said that if an existence at the divine king level were to be thrown into the heaven-splitting chaotic land, as long as he could survive, it would be easy for him to reach the divine emperor level.

Unless they had their own race as their backers.

Wang Xian was flying at a height of one million meters above the heaven-splitting chaotic land. This height was usually at the top of the trees, halfway up some small mountain peaks.

If he was any higher, he might be attacked by some desolate beasts.

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements scanned the surroundings. Wang Xian was filled with curiosity.

“HMM? The spiritual energy over there is so dense. Are there any paradises or treasures?”

After flying for half an hour, Wang Xian suddenly felt a dense spiritual energy coming from a direction.

He hesitated for a moment and immediately flew over to take a look.

There were not many creatures at the edge that could threaten him.

Soon, a river appeared in his line of sight.

The river was very strange. It was at least a billion kilometers long and tens of millions of kilometers wide.

Such a river could only be called a small river in the heaven-opening primeval continent.

At this moment, there were quite a number of winged fish in this river.

There were a lot of fish. They were emitting a powerful aura and might.

“Eh? This river is so strange. It feels like it has life!”

Wang Xian looked over curiously. He glanced at the river and the fishes in it and flew over immediately.

Whoosh

Before he could get close, the entire river suddenly changed.

The river that was originally flowing on the ground had a depth of at least a few million kilometers. However, it actually sank straight into the ground.

The winged fish in the river also disappeared completely.

It was like an illusion.

“This river should have its own life. Its approach should have caused it to feel threatened and escape in an instant!”

Wang Xian scanned the river with his yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes. He could not find any trace of the river or the fish in it.

“It’s really magical. Perhaps this ability has prevented other powerhouses from catching them.”

He mumbled and moved his body. He continued flying into the river.

This time, his main goal was the Lich Kingdom. His secondary goal was to tour the heaven-splitting prehistoric continent.

Wang Xian increased his speed and flew past the towering mountains.

The Lich Kingdom was a little far away. It would take him at least two days to fly there.

In the middle of the journey, he could be considered to have witnessed some of the sights of the heaven-splitting primordial land.

There were all kinds of magical creatures and strange attacks that were impossible to defend against.

Even during the two days that Wang Xian was flying, he was attacked twice.

The guy who attacked him the second time didn’t succeed and managed to escape successfully.

This surprised Wang Xian greatly.

“I’m here. The territory of the Lich Kingdom is ahead.”

Two days later, Wang Xian looked at the location ahead according to the information he received.

The Lich Kingdom, the territory of the Lich clan.

In the Lich Kingdom, there was a blessed land called the demon refining island.

In that blessed land, the demon beasts could quickly recover from any injuries on the island.

It was the Holy Land of the Lich clan.

It was also the natural blessed land of the heaven opening desolate continent.

The mysterious heaven opening desolate continent gave birth to a large number of blessed lands, which had all kinds of abilities.

Some of the blessed lands could even unleash powerful defensive abilities to protect the creatures in the blessed lands.

The Demon Refining Island was what the Lich Kingdom relied on, and it was also one of the reasons why the Lich clan was so powerful.

Other than the Lich Kingdom’s grotto-heaven blessed lands, there were large numbers of liches, Fey beasts, and desolate beasts living in the entire domain.

There were twelve main lich cities.

There were over a hundred million liches in the entire lich kingdom’s citizens.

These hundred million liches were not something that the ordinary people of the factions in the surrounding starry skies could compare to.

The environment of the heaven opening primal continent was extremely cruel. If the righteous God race had a successful landing battle, the hundreds of billions of people of the righteous god race could be reduced to hundreds of millions of years.

It was very cruel, but the ones that remained were all the most elite and powerful existences.

As for why, this might involve some special secrets.

“There are 12 main cities of the Lich Kingdom. Each of them has more than 10 million people, and each of them has a universe knight level 8 powerhouse. Next, we will use these main cities as an example. The resources of the Dragon Palace are not that easy to snatch.”

Wang Xian’s eyes flashed with a cold expression. He landed on the ground, and dragon scales slowly covered his face. A pair of dragon horns appeared.

His entire person had undergone a huge change.

He took out the universe’s AI and located his position. Then, he walked straight in the direction of one of the main cities in the Lich Kingdom.

The Scorpion Imperial City was one of the twelve main cities in the Lich Kingdom. The entire main city was considered a medium-sized main city in the Lich Kingdom.

Wang Xian walked on the ground. As it was the territory of the Lich Kingdom, there were not many dire beasts.

The number of creatures that he hunted in the dark was even less.

As he walked forward, Wang Xian noticed that there were layers of poison barriers in front of him.

Poison was a common attack method for wizards.