Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 332: The Horrifying Effects Of Refining Elixir Pills

The Origin Source Flame was the ultimate source of flame.

Flame represented succession, life and civilization. On the other hand, it could also signify destruction.

Refining elixir pills with the Origin Source Flame was a perfect display of life.

The flame wouldn’t destroy the spiritual grass violently. Instead, it would fuse it perfectly into a new form.

It was just like the sun that emitted flames. Only sunlight could enable better growth of many other living things.

As the Origin Source Flame melted the spiritual grass and enveloped it perfectly, it was able to prevent the loss of the medical effects.

This process had also skipped the most important step of controlling the temperature of the flame.

At the thought of Wang Xian, the liquid of Qi Accumulation Grass and Water Flower fused together into a sphere slowly.

As the Origin Source Flame dissipated gradually, four elixir pills were slowly forming. A glow shimmered on the surface of these pills.

Wang Xian was thrilled and stared intensely at the four elixir pills in his hand.

The elixir pills were white and looked glossy. They were the size of a thumb and perfectly shaped.

At the thought of Wang Xian, the information of these elixir pills popped up in his mind.

Qi Accumulation Pill: Level 1

Extractable Dragon Energy: 2,322

When he saw his first batch of elixir pills, Wang Xian was thrilled. He had succeeded! He had succeeded on his first try!

Eh? Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

At this moment, Wang Xian’s attention fell on the last elixir pill and he frowned.

Broken Qi Pill: Level 1

Couldn’t extract dragon energy.

“Broken Qi Pill? Why is there a Broken Qi Pill? Furthermore, I can’t extract dragon energy from it!”

Wang Xian’s eyebrows knitted together. Suddenly, he recalled that when fusing the two spiritual medicines together, the liquid of the Water Flower wasn’t sufficient for the last elixir pill.

Although it wasn’t enough, he still managed to gather the remains into an elixir pill.

In the end, he got a Broken Qi Pill.

“When refining elixir pills fail, the product will be poisonous!” Wang Xian sighed emotionally. However, he also discovered a horrifying aspect of refining elixir pills with his Origin Source Flame.

Just as the introduction of the system said, he could refine all elixir pills in the world with the Origin Source Flame.

Even if the elixir pill recipe was wrong, he could still concoct elixir pills. The difference was that the product might be poisonous.

Spiritual medicine could complement and counter each other. When fusing water attribute spiritual medicine with Fire attribute spiritual medicine, an explosion could be caused by an error in the process.

However, this wouldn’t happen with the Origin Source Flame. The Origin Source Flame would ensure they fused together.

“It would be great if all the pills made by the Origin Source Flame were elixir pills.” Wang Xian laughed delusionally.

“Using the Origin Source Flame to refine elixir pills would be much easier for me!” Wang Xian was ecstatic. He waved his hand and collected all the Qi Accumulation Grass and Water Flower.

He waved again and the Origin Source Flame appeared. After which, he threw the spiritual medicine into the two red flames.

Soon, all the spiritual medicine had been turned into liquid.

Wang Xian looked at the two bowls of spiritual medicine liquid. Focusing on them, he started fusing them according to proportion.

For him, allocating the proportion was the only thing that he needed to pay attention to.

Explosions, temperature, control of the flame and the loss of medicinal effects weren’t issues for him.

In the hands of Wang Xian, refining elixir pills had become a process of squeezing the spiritual medicine into the shape of the elixir pills.

The fusion of two types of spiritual medicine was very easy for him. Soon, droplets of spiritual medicine liquid coalesced together.

Within the spiritual medicine garden, all the Qi Accumulation Grass and Water Flower had been made into elixir pills.

There was a total of approximately 150 elixir pills made.

“A Qi Accumulation Grass with a Water Flower would give four elixir pills. This is one to two more than what Sui Huang told me! Hehe!” Wang Xian smiled and revealed a satisfied expression.

150 Level 1 elixir pills were equivalent to having 150 tufts of Level 2 spiritual medicine.

Currently, the price of a Level 2 spiritual medicine is between $7 million to $10 million.

If all 150 elixir pills are sold, it would be over a billion!

“Haha, refining elixir pills is a really lucrative business. If I can refine all the spiritual medicine in the garden into elixir pills, I wouldn’t be far from being able to build the Dragon Palace.”

Wang Xian looked at the spiritual medicine around the garden. Based on the recipes in his mind, he started refining.

Level 1 elixir pill, Body Strengthening Pill, could be consumed even by ordinary humans. When an ordinary man consumed it, his strength would increase by one to two times. For cultivators, these effects were weak.

However, Wang Xian wasn’t concerned. There would definitely be people who would buy these elixir pills.

Level 1 elixir pills were made quickly.

Soon, he had over thirty Body Strengthening Pills.

“Time to refine Level 2 elixir pills!”

After completing the refining of Level 1 elixir pills, Wang Xian started recalling the recipe for Level 2 elixir pills. After which, he started refining rapidly.

Level 2 elixir pills had strong positive effects for Level 6 and 7 Martial Artists. Level 2 elixir pills that strengthen one’s strength could help Level 5 and 6 Martial Artists increase one level directly.

The value of Level 2 elixir pills could reach $3 million to $4 million each.

Level 3 elixir pills had extremely huge benefits for Level 8 and 9 Martial Artists.

Level 4 elixir pills could help a Level 9 Martial Artist break through to the Half-step to Inborn Realm.

As for Level 5 elixir pills, they could help a Half-Step to Inborn Realm expert break through to the Inborn Realm.

Currently, Sui Huang was able to refine Level 5 elixir pills. It was also because of this that the Sui Family had so many Inborn experts.

Level 2 elixir pills required four types of spiritual medicine. However, it wasn’t difficult at all.

Level 3 elixir pills required the combination of nine types of spiritual medicine. Similarly, Wang Xian didn’t face any difficulty in it.

“Huh? I can’t carry on. I don’t have sufficient Origin Source Flame!”

When Wang Xian was prepared to refine Level 4 elixir pills, he suddenly found himself in an awkward situation.

He had only managed to get his hands on a small amount of Origin Source Flame. The Origin Source Flame converted from the Five Elements Stone Plate couldn’t form sixteen small cups of flame.

“At this point, there was only one way to solve this issue, and that was getting an alchemy furnace!”

Wang Xian recalled something Sui Huang had told him. If he wished to refine elixir pills above Level 3, he would require the use of an alchemy furnace.

The effects of an alchemy furnace were huge. It could reduce the amount of flame needed and increase the success rate of getting elixir pills. At the same time, it could protect him.

When high level elixir pills exploded, the destructive force would be exceptionally horrifying.

“An alchemy furnace is really rare and hard to find.”

Wang Xian frowned and looked at the elixir pills before him.

Level 1 elixir pills: 150 Qi Accumulation Pill and 30 Body Strengthening Pill

Level 2 elixir pills: 20 Bone Grinding Pill and 15 Channel Nourishing Pill

Level 3 elixir pills: 20 Soul Enhancement Pill

These were the elixir pills that Wang Xian had refined thus far. Refining Level 3 elixir pills would require nine different types of spiritual medicine. Wang Xian only managed to find spiritual medicine required for the Soul Enhancement Pill in the spiritual medicine garden.

The effects of the Soul Enhancement Pill were extremely potent. It could increase a Level 9 Martial Artist’s chance of breaking through to the Half-step to Inborn Realm by twenty percent.

The effects were equivalent to consuming a Level 4 Spiritual Bead.

“Since the Spiritual Bead was sold for $800 million previously, wouldn’t that mean that these 20 Level 3 elixir pills would be worth over $10 billion? Together with the other elixir pills, the value would be approximately $20 billion!”

Wang Xian was thrilled and excited.

“Selling elixir pills is indeed lucrative. For now, I need to find a way to sell these elixir pills. At the same time, I need to get an alchemy furnace. Level 4 and 5 elixir pills are the ones that are really valuable and lucrative!”