Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3326 3325 horn of the sea

“The Dragon Palace is officially recruiting disciples. As long as an aquatic creature can pass the Dragon Gate, it can join the Dragon Palace directly!”

“Hiss, the dragon palace is actually recruiting disciples. Moreover, any aquatic creature can join the Dragon Palace. This is a huge opportunity for the aquatic creatures!”

“I heard that if you join the Dragon Palace, you have the chance to transform into a powerful sub-dragon. Brothers of the aquatic creatures, Charge!”

Charge!

When the Dragon Palace announced that they were going to recruit disciples, the entire surrounding starry sky was in an uproar.

What kind of existence was the Dragon Palace Now?

It was definitely at the level of an overlord.

Even all the forces and experts in the surrounding starry sky knew that the Dragon Palace would soon step into the heaven opening desolate continent.

For all the water creatures, it was a huge opportunity for such a powerful force to recruit disciples.

When the Dragon Palace announced the news, the entire surrounding starry sky was in an uproar.

However, the experts in the surrounding starry sky soon found that the dragon palace was heading toward the heaven-opening desolate continent.

Finally, half a month later, it stopped in front of the heaven-opening desolate continent and stood in the void.

All the aquatic creatures could come to challenge the Dragon Gate. Once they passed, they would become part of the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace stood in front of the heaven opening primal continent, which also caused a lot of discussion.

What did the Dragon Palace want to tell everyone? If they wanted to enter the heaven opening primal continent, they could enter at any time.

What did it mean to join the Dragon Palace? It meant to join the forces of the Heaven opening primal continent.

The Dragon Palace didn’t have this intention, but it made many people spread this intention.

But the Dragon Palace didn’t explain either.

In the following period of time, a large number of water tribe members who surrounded Lu Xingkong rushed here to break through the Dragon Gate.

Not long after the Dragon Palace announced this, the Water Dragon Palace joined the Dragon Palace.

The Water Dragon Palace wasn’t weak. Many of them had a trace of the Dragon God’s bloodline.

However, the Water Dragon Palace was nothing compared to the current Dragon Palace.

The Water Dragon Palace also saw the powerful strength of the Dragon Palace. In addition, the daughter of the Water Dragon Queen, Shui Linglong, joined the Dragon Palace, so they joined the Dragon Palace as well.

There were more than 20 million members of the Water Dragon Palace, but only 500,000 of them passed the Dragon Palace.

The rest of them lived under the Dragon Palace and lived in the Water Dragon Palace.

This also gave the Dragon Palace a great advantage, which was that there would be an endless number of members joining in the future.

As long as the disciples of the Water Dragon Palace made it through the Dragon Gate Dragon Palace, they could replenish the number of members of the Dragon Palace.

With the addition of the Water Dragon Palace, the Dragon Palace even held a special celebration banquet.

After all, this time, the Water Dragon Palace had also added two purebred water god dragons.

Time passed day by day, and in the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

During this half a year, other than ao crab and the others, the improvement of the Dragon Palace had been completed.

Ao crab and the other three devouring dragons had also broken through to the combat strength of a universe knight at level eight.

They were advancing toward the combat strength of a universe knight at level nine.

“There are indeed not many places at the edge of the heaven-splitting primordial land that are suitable for our Dragon Palace.”

In the Dragon King Palace of the Dragon Palace.

After resting for half a year, Wang Xian began to deal with some serious matters.

During this half a year, the Dragon Palace began to look for a paradise that was suitable for the Dragon Palace to settle down in.

However, Wang Xian was not very satisfied with the information.

There were not many oceans at the edge of the heaven-splitting prehistoric land, but there were quite a number of lakes.

These lakes were also very large, and any one of them could be compared to several starry skies in the past.

However, according to the information the Dragon Palace received, there weren’t many resources in these lakes.

Apart from having a blessed land, there weren’t many other things.

The resources in the heaven-opening primeval continent were abnormally terrifying, but this was also relative.

For forces like the ancient sea race, these lakes definitely had a lot of resources.

But the Dragon Palace’s strength had already reached this stage, so the resources in those places were limited to them.

If the Dragon Palace moved to that place, they might have to attack the surrounding forces if they wanted to improve quickly.

But the surrounding forces already knew the Dragon Palace’s strength. After the Dragon Palace moved there, they might immediately visit them.

When the time came, they would be neighbors and the other party would be so courteous. Hence, the Dragon Palace would not make a move on them.

In that case, the development of the Dragon Palace would slow down.

“Set your target deep at the edge of the heaven-opening chaotic land so that you can make preparations to go deeper!”

Wang Xian said.

“There are also many lakes deep at the edge of the heaven-opening chaotic land.”

Prime Minister Gui pondered for a moment before continuing, “Dragon King, there is an ocean deep at the edge of the heaven-splitting primordial land.”

“An Ocean?”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly. With a movement of his palm, a map appeared in his hand.

Many parts of the map were a little blurry, but there was a blessed land on it.

This was a blessed land map given to him by the leader of the Deep Pool tribe.

The value of this grotto-heaven blessed land could be very high, but it could also be very low.

If it was high, it would be comparable to a huge treasure, but if it was low, it would be a piece of waste paper.

The place marked on this map was the Ocean Prime Minister Gui had mentioned.

It could not be said to be an ocean, but it could be said to be the horn of the sea.

The Heaven Opening Primeval continent also had an ocean. The size of the ocean was extremely terrifying, and it was uncountable.

And this horn of the ocean was connected to the horn of the ocean in the land of mountains and seas. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The land of mountains and seas was a place where countless desolate beasts were born and where space beasts were born and lived.

One could imagine how terrifying a place that could give birth to space beasts was.

In the interior of the land of mountains and seas, even the Great Beings from the pinnacle races of the universe had to be careful when entering.

Even the Divine Dragon Clan, who was at the peak, did not dare to be arrogant there.

As the king of the water race, the only sea that the Divine Dragon Clan did not rule was the sea in the land of mountains and seas.

One could imagine what kind of existence existed there.

“The race closest to the Cape of the sea will need half a year to fly to the Cape of the sea. It’s a little far, but it’s not bad if they have a teleportation formation.”

Wang Xian mumbled.

The resources in the Cape of the sea were even more abundant. As it was connected to the ocean, any kind of treasure could be born.

Some powerhouses would also go to the Cape of the sea to hunt desolate beasts and try their luck.

That was indeed the best choice for the Dragon Palace.

“It would be even better if the Dragon Palace could have a blessed land in the Cape of the sea.”

Wang Xian looked at the paradise map in his hand and pondered.

“I will go to the Cape of the sea in a few days to see if I can find this paradise. It would be best if I can find it. If I can’t, I will pick the race closest to the Cape of the sea.”

Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded.