Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3343 Under the attention of 33.42 million people, during the landing battle

“Dragon King, the formation that I set up in the revival Wonderland has been destroyed. A warship has arrived there!”

In the Dragon Palace, after the formation set up by the Heaven Formation had been destroyed, they came to report immediately.

“As expected!”

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The curse spirit village must have come to an agreement with the steel union or perhaps the curse spirit village had joined the steel union.

They would definitely send warships to occupy the Rebirth Wonderland.

As for the name of this Wonderland, it was Wang Xian and the rest who gave it to them.

“Dragon King, this is an opportunity for the Lich Kingdom. They hate us so much, so they will not let this opportunity slip away.”

Prime Minister Gui said to Wang Xian from the side, his eyes gleaming.

“The Lich Kingdom is not worth mentioning. How is the understanding of the Steel Union?”

Wang Xian smiled and asked Prime Minister Gui.

“According to the information on the universe’s artificial intelligence and some information from the light tribe’s nine-candle demon tribe, there is a 70% chance that the iron and Steel Union has a combat machine that can unleash the destructive power of a level nine universe Knight.”

“Such a level of combat machine should be an existence of the iron and Steel Union. It’s just that I don’t know if they will take it out when they deal with us.”

Prime Minister Turtle reported.

At the edge of the Heaven Opening Primal Continent, a universe knight level 8 was already the strongest fighting force.

Even if the steel union had a war machine that could unleash a universe knight level 9, it would probably only be guarding the steel union’s territory.

With such a level of attack, the steel union could only have two at most.

“There’s nothing to worry about.”

When ao he heard the news, he said confidently.

“I’ll rely on you guys for this battle.”

Wang Xian smiled at him.

Ao he said confidently.

Wang Xian nodded his head lightly. “Get all the members of the Dragon Palace to prepare to enter the heaven-splitting chaotic land.”

“Yes!”

Prime Minister Gui replied immediately and left the Dragon King Hall.

“Now, the only one who can threaten the dragon palace in the heaven-splitting primordial land is probably the cursed one. When the time comes, I will kill the cursed ones first!”

Wang Xian leaned on the dragon throne and muttered.

However, on the branches of the ancestral tree, the soul-returning wood, there were dozens of black balls that were like soul-returning fruits.

During the past half a year, Wang Xian had ordered an lie to bring him to the pool of curses a few times. Currently, there were about a thousand cursed dragons in the Dragon Palace.

This was also a great killing tool when the other factions were unaware of it.

Most importantly, after the Dragon Palace’s cursed dragons were killed, they could be resurrected through the soul-returning tree.

Time passed day by day, and five days passed in the blink of an eye.

On the fifth day, Wang Xian was floating above the Dragon Palace, looking at the vast continent in front of him.

On the left and right sides were the Water Dragon Palace of the Fire Dragon Palace and the dark world of the Demon Dragon.

The four dragon palaces were slowly heading towards the heaven-splitting chaotic land.

The speed of the Dragon Palace was very fast, and they soon stepped into the sky above the heaven-splitting chaotic land.

This scene was clearly seen by some of the experts who came to watch.

“The Dragon Palace is going to land!”

“I heard that they are going to go to the deepest part of the heaven-opening primeval continent. It will take them half a year to reach their destination.”

“Flying over the heaven-opening primeval continent for half a year is something only the dragon palace can do in the starry sky. However, even the Dragon Palace will be in great danger along the way.”

“I wonder when the iron and steel union will take action and if the Lich Kingdom will join in.”

The experts who surrounded Lu Xingkong discussed in low voices.

They didn’t dare to step into the heaven-splitting desolation continent, so they could only keep an eye on the dragon palace on their computers.

“The Dragon Palace is here!”

The forces at the edge of the heaven-splitting desolation continent were also watching the Battle of the Dragon Palace.

When he saw the Dragon Palace stepping into the sky above the heaven-splitting primordial land, he thought to himself.

The four dragon palaces were flying in the heaven-splitting primordial land. They were exuding a mighty aura. Some desolate beasts sensed it and hid far away.

The journey this time was very, very long. It would take at least half a year to travel.

Wang Xian scanned his surroundings and waited quietly.

In the Dragon Field of the Dragon Palace, the members of the Dragon Palace were entrenched there, ready for battle at any time.

The news of the Dragon Palace entering the heaven-splitting primordial land was quickly spread to every race.

This time, the Dragon Palace would fly past the airspace of many races and forces.

It could be said that every action of the Dragon Palace was under the watchful eyes of many forces.

Five days passed quickly. The Dragon Palace flew in a straight line and didn’t make any changes.

“According to the current route of the Dragon Palace, they will arrive at that blessed land by this route!”

The moment the Dragon Palace stepped into the sky above the heaven-splitting chaotic land, the steel union had already grasped all their movements.

Five days later, the Lich King and the experts of the corpse-wrapping race arrived at the steel union.

“The temporary place to suppress the Dragon Palace is here. They will arrive here in three months. This place is a deep pit called the nine-origin deep pit. The deep pit exudes a deathly silent energy. The feng shui is not bad. It will be the burial place of the Dragon Palace!”

The leader of the iron and Steel Union pointed at a map and continued to speak to them.

“Sure. This place is not bad. It can fit in four dragon palaces!”

The Lich King looked over and smiled.

“You two clans should go and prepare. We need to get there three days ahead of time. Since the Dragon King Dares to challenge our iron and steel union, he must have some ability.”

The leader of the iron and Steel Union said faintly.

“Okay!”

The Lich King and the others also nodded.

This time, the three forces joining hands didn’t mean that they could easily crush the Dragon Palace.

The Dragon Palace’s Dragon King’s strength and the Dragon Palace’s defense were extremely terrifying.

Therefore, even if the three factions joined forces, they had to be fully prepared.

A lion would use its full strength to hunt a rabbit.

Time passed day by day. For a month or two, the dragon palace shuttled through the heaven opening desolate continent and did not suffer any attacks.

Some reckless desolate beasts were easily killed by the dragon palace disciples.

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed and everything was calm.

But all the members of the Dragon Palace knew that the war was getting closer and closer.

The other factions also knew that this was only the calm before the storm.

“The Dragon Palace’s route hasn’t changed. Move out!”

Around three months later, a message was sent to the lich kingdom and the corpse wrapping race.

At this moment, the two forces immediately moved.

The hatred between the Lich Kingdom and the Dragon Palace was as deep as the ocean. This time, almost all the peak experts had arrived.

Seventy percent of the experts from the remaining nine cities had arrived.

Countless experts from the corpse-wrapping race also rushed into the sky.

The Steel Union also started to operate, and their target was the 9-essences deep pit!