Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3346 3345 invincible defense on the terrifying devouring dragon

Boom! Boom! Boom

Wang Xian rushed out from the Dragon Palace. His eyes lit up as he sensed the people of curse spirit village.

Perhaps it was due to the confidence of the steel union, the members of Curse Spirit Village were all on the battleships in front of them.

There were no cursed creatures in the other mechs.

“That’s Good!”

“Kill! Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Wang Xian’s body trembled. He spread his incorporeal holy wings and flew toward the battleship in front of him.

In the air, he transformed into the body of a divine dragon and stared at everyone with his cold dragon eyes.

On the left and right sides, Ao he and another level nine universe knight, the Devouring Dragon, swayed their huge bodies and charged forward as well.

“HMPH, you still dare to charge over? You Don’t know Death!”

The leader of the Steel Union and the generals’eyes were filled with coldness.

“Hahaha, good, good, good. If you all keep hiding in the Dragon Palace, then it’ll be meaningless!”

The Lich King and the leader of the wrapped corpse clan were filled with terrifying killing intent.

“Get Ready, kill everyone in the Dragon Palace, leave no one alive!”

They roared and gave the order to attack, their eyes filled with excitement.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

The next moment, a roar was heard. All the powerful liches and their disciples let out violent sounds.

The members of the corpse-wrapping race on the right were silent. They were like ghosts as they charged straight towards the Dragon Palace.

“Fire!”

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

The upper echelons of the steel union in the middle raised their heads slightly and stared at Wang Xian and the rest who were flying towards them. The corners of their lips curled up slightly as they let out a soft voice.

With a command, countless cannonballs condensed from energy laws were fired directly at Wang Xian and the rest.

The terrifying cannonballs completely covered Wang Xian and the rest.

Wang Xian sensed the attack of these concentrated cannonballs. His gaze focused and the tai chi dragon spiraled around him, forming a huge tai chi pattern in the void space.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The next moment, countless explosions rang out. All the cannonballs landed on the tai chi dragon disk and were blocked.

“Huh?”

Seeing that the first round of cannonballs were completely blocked, the leader of the steel union narrowed his eyes slightly.

“A powerful defensive treasure.”

A general said with a focused gaze.

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

At this moment, the first round of the Dragon Palace’s attack began at the Dragon Palace’s Gate.

A group of arrow dragon species shot out arrows with bows and arrows in their hands.

Their targets were the experts of the corpse-wrapping race and the Lich Kingdom on the left and right sides.

Mu Zesen and some of the arrow dragon species looked a bit strange.

After the arrows were shot out, they condensed into the shape of a wind dragon.

In the center of the Wind Dragon, there was a blurry figure.

These arrows’attack power was around Universe Knight Level 5. It wasn’t high, but it wasn’t low either. They were all targeting universe knight level 8 Great Beings from the lich kingdom and the wrapped corpse race.

“Little Dragon Palace, you still dare to compete with the Bright Moon, die!”

The group of universe Knight Level 8 Great Beings from the lich king and the wrapped corpse race were at the forefront. Seeing these attacks, their eyes revealed a cold expression.

The sky-swallowing centipede sitting on the Lich King spat out black poisonous needles. The surrounding Lich King waved his arm and swept towards the arrows.

On the other side, the wrapping cloth on the wrapped corpse race great being rolled up. All the arrows were wrapped up and instantly shattered.

“Hehe, it’s starting!”

Mou Zesen and the others smiled when they saw that all the arrows were destroyed.

“Ao ao ao ao!”

“Ah Ah Ah!”

The strange curse power came very quickly. The sky-swallowing centipede under the Lich King and the three level 8 universe knights suddenly screamed.

Strange dark tattoos appeared on their bodies. The dark tattoos invaded his body.

Death engulfed their hearts instantly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What’s going on?”

The Lich King felt the sky-swallowing centipede rolling violently, and his expression changed.

Seeing its life force fading away, his pupils contracted, and he was shocked.

“Ah!”

On both sides, the bodies of three universe knights and level 8 liches fell down.

“What’s going on?”

A shocked and angry voice came out of his mouth.

What’s going on?

The collision had just started, yet four universe knights and level eight Great Beings had died mysteriously?

What was going on?

“Ahhhh!”

On the side, two universe knights and level eight great beings of the wrapped corpse race were screaming.

However, after they died, a great being of the wrapped corpse race died mysteriously behind them.

The dark tattoo landed on his wrapping cloth and drilled into their bodies.

This time, not only did two universe knight level eight great beings of the wrapped corpse race die, but tens of thousands of great beings of the wrapped corpse race who were related to these two great beings died instantly.

The strange way of death caused the wrapped race and the Lich Kingdom to instantly become restless.

“This is the power of the curse. There are cursed creatures among the Dragon Palace!”

In the center, the leader of the steel union saw the deaths of the great beings of the two great races on both sides, and his expression changed slightly.

Why were there cursed creatures in the Dragon Palace?

“Be careful, those arrows contain cursed creatures. If you kill them, they will be attacked by the curse!”

General Jin of the iron and Steel Union immediately warned the Lich Kingdom and the corpse-wrapping race.

“Be careful of those creatures covered in dark tattoos.”

General Jin added.

“Cursed creatures?”

Hearing this, the faces of the Lich King and the others instantly turned ugly.

Of course, they knew that cursed creatures could never be killed.

“No wonder the Dragon Palace dared to fight us. It turns out that they have such a trump card. Be careful of the members of the Dragon Palace who are covered in dark tattoos.”

The Lich King warned loudly with a gloomy face.

“Yes!”

The other experts of the Lich Kingdom responded with changing expressions. Their attacks became more cautious.

“Kill!”

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

At this time, Ao he and the others let out a roar and charged towards the lich kingdom and the wrapped corpse clan.

Ao he and the others’huge bodies were filled with flames as they locked onto the warriors of the Lich King and the wrapped corpse clan leader.

“Kill!”

The Lich King saw Ao he and the others charging over and scanned the surroundings. When he realized that there was no cursed dragon, he also charged forward.

Hong! Hong! Hong

However, the moment they came up to meet them, ao crab and another level 9 universe knight, the Devouring Dragon, suddenly unleashed their strongest attacks.

Their terrifying claws tore through the void space and attacked the group of universe knights and Level 8 Great Beings.

This time, there were 11 universe knights and Level 8 great beings that came from the Lich Kingdom. After three of them died, there were only eight.

Eight Lich Level 8 knights were no match for ao crab.