Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3383 2282. The eldest senior brother of the Lightning race

“Ask Away!”

When Wang Xian said the two words, all the surrounding disciples were equally stunned.

Ask Away?

The sudden appearance of the eldest senior brother made all the disciples extremely surprised and astonished.

Just now, they had also revealed the identity of the eldest senior brother. It was obvious that senior brother Wang Xian had heard it as well.

However, he still said the two words, “Ask away”. What did this mean?

Did this mean that I have the right to teach your eldest senior brother?

This was completely disregarding eldest senior brother!

“This Wang Xian is so arrogant. He actually said a question to eldest senior brother. He is simply too arrogant!”

“That’s right. Eldest senior brother can step into the level eight combat strength of a universe knight at any time. That Wang Xian actually doesn’t take eldest senior brother seriously at all!”

“He can’t really think that he is more powerful than some elders, right?”

At the back, three middle-aged men heard Wang Xian’s words and revealed displeasure in their eyes. They spoke coldly.

The surrounding disciples also pursed their lips and looked at him in shock.

“Senior brother Wang Xian, he is the current eldest senior brother of our thunder ray race. He is very strong!”

Lei Yunzi saw this scene and quickly transmitted his voice to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian smiled and did not mind.

He naturally heard the discussions of the surrounding disciples and could naturally see the strength of the middle-aged man.

The combat strength of a universe knight at level seven was definitely not weak among level seven.

However, Wang Xian’s thunder technique had already reached its peak. He did not think that anyone among level seven universe knights would be his opponent.

Furthermore, with his current strength, it was more than enough for him to guide a Level Seven Universe Knight disciple.

“Hahaha, good, good, good. Young and frivolous. Not Bad!”

Hearing his words, eldest senior brother squinted his eyes and laughed out loud.

He stared at Wang Xian with a hint of mockery and coldness in his eyes.

That was because his potential was too terrifying.

However, from the looks of it now, he was merely an arrogant brat.

With such a temperament, how could he be invincible?

A tree stands tall in the forest, and the wind will definitely destroy it!

All Heaven’s favorites were weaklings before they became strong!

“Since you are so confident, I would like to ask for your advice. Right now, I, Lei Yuntian, am only one step away from breaking through to level-five universe knight. My Thunder technique has already reached the peak of level-seven Universe Knight. How Do I break through?”

Eldest senior brother, Lei Yuntian, stared at Wang Xian. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly as he asked.

“Be more specific!”

Wang Xian heard his words and saw his expression. He continued to speak indifferently.

It was as if he was really a teacher teaching his students.

“I don’t know how to express it in detail. Why don’t I show it to you and let you experience it?”

Eldest senior brother, Lei Yuntian, narrowed his eyes and said.

“Yes, you can!”

Wang Xian replied faintly.

“Haha, Alright. I can’t use it here. Let’s go to the arena above the martial arts practice ground.”

Lei Yuntian laughed out loud and slowly turned his body and flew out.

“I hope you won’t disappoint me and can hold on for a few more seconds!”

His voice sounded in the martial arts practice ground.

“This…”

“Is this a sparring match? This, this…”

When everyone around saw this scene, they were all dumbfounded.

Is senior brother Wang Xian going to spar with eldest senior brother?

“Don’t worry. It should be enough to guide you!”

Wang Xian smiled. His body moved and he flew out immediately.

“Hiss, senior brother Wang Xian is actually… actually so confident!”

“Eldest senior brother has reached the level seven combat strength of a universe knight for more than 20 million years. Senior brother Wang Xian has just broken through not long ago. How can he fight?”

“Senior brother Wang Xian is too young and impetuous. How can he be a match for eldest senior brother?”

“Hmph, I think senior brother Wang Xian is too arrogant. The other disciples have been praising him to the skies these few days. Do they really think that he is a match for eldest senior brother?”

When the surrounding disciples heard Wang Xian’s words, they could not help but speak up.

Although Wang Xian’s reputation was very good these few days and he had personally guided many people.

However, Lei Yuntian was their eldest senior brother. He had been their eldest senior brother for tens of millions of years. His prestige was definitely not something that Wang Xian could catch up to in these few days.

When many disciples heard his words, they revealed displeased expressions on their faces.

“Let’s go, let’s follow him!”

Lei Zhengyun, Lei Yunzi and the rest frowned and immediately followed behind.

At the same time, they immediately passed this news to the elders.

“Senior brother Wang Xian is going to have a duel with eldest brother!”

“Senior brother Wang Xian is provoking eldest brother. He is going to have a duel with eldest brother. Quick, Go and watch!”

Soon, the news about Wang Xian and Lei Yuntian’s duel spread like wildfire.

When all the disciples received the news, they immediately flew towards the arena above the martial arts practice field.

All the disciples were shocked.

Lei Yuntian had been the eldest senior brother for tens of millions of years. All the disciples were convinced.

Senior brother Wang Xian had just joined the Thunder Ray tribe not long ago. He actually wanted to compete with the eldest senior brother?

“You can be arrogant when you are young. You also have the right to be arrogant. However, if you are too arrogant, you will have to pay the price. Today, I will teach you a lesson!”

Lei Yuntian flew to the arena at the top of the arena. The Thunder wings on his back spread out as he stared at Wang Xian and said faintly.

“You were the one who asked me for advice. I should be the one who taught you a lesson and gave you some pointers!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When Wang Xian heard his words, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly as he said with a smile.

“Eh? Senior brother Wang Xian is so confident!”

“He is not confident. He is ignorant and is too arrogant!”

The disciples following closely behind heard their conversation and could not help but start discussing.

“I will let you know the immensity of Heaven and Earth!”

Lei Yuntian’s eyes revealed a cold expression. With a move of his palm, a thunder hammer and a thunder awl appeared in his hand.

Especially that Thunder Hammer. It was shining with a purple glow and contained a terrifying aura!

“Ha!”

Wang Xian chuckled. With a move of his palm, the Thunder prison appeared in his hand.

Crack! Crack

Lei Yuntian raised the Lightning Hammer in his hand and gently touched the lightning awl.

The sound of thunder and lightning could be heard.

Crash

The lightning wings on Wang Xian’s back appeared. The Shadow of the Lightning Dragon appeared on it and flew directly to the sky above the Lightning prison.

“This is not your era yet. I Won’t bully you. Make Your Move!”

Lei Yuntian stared at him coldly.

“Watch carefully. I will teach you well from now on!”

Wang Xian smiled and waved his arm.

“Prison lock Berserk Dragon!”

He growled and waved his arm.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

In the next moment, the acquired Supreme Treasure Thunder prison in front of him enlarged and the Thunder Dragon inside roared.

He carried the Thunder Prison and attacked Lei Yuntian directly.

“HMPH, you don’t know what’s good for you!”

Lei Yuntian snorted coldly and smashed the thunder hammer onto the thunder awl. The acquired Supreme Treasure Thunder Awl released a terrifying Thunderbolt and attacked the Thunder Dragon and Thunder Prison.

“Break for me!”

He roared loudly.

“It’s a little slow. After all, acquired supreme treasures are just worldly possessions. If you want to break through, you shouldn’t rely on such treasures for the time being!”

Wang Xian commented indifferently as though he was teaching a student.

This made Lei Yuntian’s face extremely gloomy!