Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3392 3391 suppressed the Purple Thunder Snake

Just as Wang Xian expected, this purple thunder snake had its own blessed land.

With the strength of a peak universe knight and the possession of an innate spiritual treasure, this guy could definitely occupy a blessed land.

In front of them, purple thunder snakes were located in a purple lake.

The water in the lake was purple and was formed from a huge amount of thunder energy.

There was a hole in the middle of the lake.

“This should be a paradise that is helpful for cultivation!”

Wang Xian squinted his eyes and scanned his surroundings.

The entire Thunder Lake was not very big. It was only a few billion kilometers in size.

There were over 10,000 purple thunder snakes in the lake.

Most of them were not weaker than a level 3 or 4 universe knight.

This was a powerful race of desolate beasts.

And that purple lightning snake was the king of the Purple Lightning Snake Race!

“The lair of the purple lightning snake is right here. This time, I want to see where you can escape to!”

Wang Xian’s eyes revealed a cold expression. He moved his body and flew directly towards the sky above the Lightning Lake.

He came to an extremely high position and avoided the detection of all the purple lightning snakes. With a move of his palm, the five elements millstone appeared above him.

Boom

In the next moment, the entire five elements millstone expanded crazily, covering an area of billions of kilometers.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Wang Xian transformed into his divine dragon form and brought the five elements millstone down. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Boom! Boom! Boom

Waves of extremely terrifying energy charged towards the Lightning Lake.

At this moment, all the purple lightning snakes in the lake trembled as they looked at the sky in horror.

“Roar Roar Roar!”

They let out terrified cries.

“Hiss Hiss Hiss!”

At this moment, the single-horned purple thundersnake king emerged from the hole in the lake.

When it saw the figure of Wang Xian in the sky, its eyes were filled with shock and fury.

Why did this creature chase after it?

Did It return to its nest in an instant?

How did the other party know the location of its nest?

Sensing the five elements millstone and the might coming from Wang Xian, it was a little anxious.

“The shadow of the Holy Dragon!”

Wang Xian let out a low growl and attacked downwards.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

When the purple lightning snake saw Wang Xian attacking it directly, it raised its head. The Lightning Horn on its head released a terrifying lightning force and charged upwards.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

A terrifying collision sound rang out. However, at this moment, the five elements grinding mill above them started to form a long river of destruction that swept downwards.

“Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!”

“Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!”

The other weak purple lightning snakes roared in horror. Faced with the attacks of Wang Xian and their snake king, they were completely unable to withstand the terrifying aftershocks!

In an instant, a large number of purple lightning snakes died.

“Roar!”

The purple lightning snake king sensed this scene and revealed a furious look in his eyes.

His body stirred and the surrounding lightning lake water rose up. It condensed into the shape of his body and attacked towards the river of annihilation.

During his attack, a large number of purple lightning snakes were affected and died instantly.

However, at this moment, the Purple Lightning Snake King no longer cared about so much.

The reason why desolate beasts were desolate beasts was that they only had instincts. They could only hunt, eat, and fight.

They did not have much intelligence.

“Hehe, I’ll Kill You Today, You Beast!”

Wang Xian’s face turned cold when he saw its attack.

With the five elements grindstone, he was 100% confident that he could kill an expert at the peak of the Universe Knight Realm.

Even if the opponent had an innate spiritual treasure.

“Towering Dragon Horn!”

Wang Xian growled. A nine-colored light condensed on the dragon horn and charged downwards.

The Purple Thunder Snake King’s attack only broke through the five elements Grindstone’s River of obliteration. The nine-colored towering dragon horn instantly landed on the head of the Purple Thunder Snake King!

“Roar!”

The Purple Lightning Snake King let out a low roar. His eyes were filled with fear.

He raised his head and the Lightning Horn went straight for it.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

A terrifying collision sounded. A large amount of blood oozed out from his head.

“Roar! Roar!”

At this moment, Wang Xian had already arrived beside him. He clawed at him with his dragon claws.

“Whoosh!”

The Purple Lightning Snake King shook his huge body hurriedly and threw it at Wang Xian.

“Bang!”

Wang Xian swept his dragon tail and collided with it.

“Bang, Bang, Bang!”

The moment it attacked, the five elements grinding attacks landed on its body.

A large amount of blood splattered from its body and various wounds appeared.

“Hiss, hiss, hiss!”

The Purple Lightning Snake King’s eyes were filled with fear. It shook its huge body and wanted to escape.

It knew that it was definitely not a match for Wang Xian.

In fact, it would be killed soon.

However, it was overthinking if it wanted to escape.

Splash

Wang Xian’s figure flashed and appeared in front of the Purple Lightning Snake King in an instant. He opened his mouth and spewed out all kinds of energy currents!

Buzz

The five elements grinding mill also released a series of attacks that completely covered the purple lightning snake king.

“Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!”

The purple lightning snake king sensed the terrifying attacks around it. Its body trembled and was covered by lightning. The surrounding lake water surged towards it to protect its body.

“Bang! Bang! Bang!”

However, the powerful attacks still broke through its defense, causing a large number of wounds to appear on its body.

“Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!”

The Purple Lightning Snake King cried out. Its cold eyes were filled with fear. It curled up and cried out to Wang Xian.

“HMM? Is this a surrender? aren’t there many desolate beasts that surrender?”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw the purple lightning snake king shouting non-stop.

Desolate beasts were more ferocious than their rationality. They would not beg for mercy even if they died in battle.

However, it was obvious that this purple lightning snake king wanted to live.

It was rare, but it was not that strange.

Firstly, Wang Xian was much stronger than it. The power of the Divine Dragon coupled with his powerful strength completely suppressed it and made it submit.

Secondly, the Purple Thunder Snake King possessed an innate spiritual treasure.

The innate spiritual treasure had a spirit and could open its intelligence. Under the influence of the innate spiritual treasure, it might have gained some rationality.

“Submit?”

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered as he stared at the Purple Thunder Snake King. There was a look of hesitation on his face.

Speaking of which, Wang Xian didn’t care too much about its submission.

After killing it, the heaven array could be upgraded to the peak of a universe knight. With his strength, it wouldn’t be a problem for him to fight against three of them alone.

It might be difficult for the Purple Thunder Snake King to fight against two of them alone.

This was under the condition of relying on the innate spiritual treasure.

“Hiss, hiss, hiss!”

At this moment, the purple thunder snake in front of him lowered its head and kept swallowing and spitting.

“Forget it, subdue it, be a mount!”

He thought about it and decided in his heart.