Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 35: Consent and Rejection

Translator: Larbrestudio Editor: Larbrestudio

“Big Brother, take care.”

Xue Jing sent Wang Xian to the school gate and waved to him zealously.

Wang Xian nodded. He swung the bag of lobsters and swimming crabs back to school.

“Phew!” Xue Jing let out a loud breath as he looked at Wang Xian’s back view. He then added Wang Xian on his Wechat immediately with a thrilled face.

Boom!

Once Wang Xian returned to his room, he threw the lobsters and the swimming crabs into a basin. Then, he looked at the Family membership card of Summer Sun Resort and that $10 million check.

“I’ll bank in the money first.”

The time was 4 PM. Wang Xian placed the Family membership card into his wallet and headed out with the check.

He rode his Harley motorcycle to the nearest bank. After depositing the check, his balance had broken the $20 million mark.

“Such a young age with $20 million assets. Sigh!”

Wang Xian tossed his bank card into the air as if he was some big shot before he got back on his motorcycle.

Then he bought new utensils, sauces, etc. when he was at the supermarket.

After everything was done, it was already past 5 pm. Wang Xian took out his phone and dialed Guan Shuqing.

“Hello, Wang Xian!”

Upon receiving Wang Xian’s call, Guan Shuqing, who was upset with her father’s call earlier on, turned gleeful.

“Are you free tonight? I got some lobsters and swimming crabs. Want to do some outdoor cooking?”

Wang Xian asked Guan Shuqing with a grin. When Guan Shuqing treated him to dinner last night, he told her that it would be a seafood feast from now on.

“Tonight? Sure! Are there any huge lobsters?” asked Guan Shuqing smilingly, who brightened up her eyes when she heard Wang Xian’s question.

“Of course. I still have big lobsters and some swimming crabs. I’ll change the menu for you a few days from now,” Wang Xian chuckled and replied.

“Hehe, then I shall not stand on ceremony with you. From now on, I’ll get to have great food from the nouveau riche.” Guan Shuqing could not hide her happiness from her face.

“Sure, no problem. Come to Eastern Hill after work.” Wang Xian nodded.

“Okay.” Guan Shuqing nodded and hung up with a face full of smiles as she held her phone.

“Shuqing!”

Just then, a young man interrupted her imaginings.

“Hur? Director Zhou!”

Guan Shuqing spun and quickly called out when she saw the young man.

“There will be a small gathering tonight. Come along too. It’s a celebration for closing the international deal.” The young man looked at Guan Shuqing with a tinge of greed flashing in his eyes.

“Hur? Tonight? Director Zhou, I don’t think I can make it. I promised my friend to have dinner together!”

Guan Shuqing was slightly stunned, and she quickly shook her head and declined. She had already promised Wang Xian.

“Hur? Why?” the young man frowned. “Eight of us from the business operation team and the translation team will be gathering tonight. Although you are temporary staff, you should not miss it either. Come on, Shuqing. We are going to the nearby famous restaurant, First-grade Restaurant.”

“But...” Guan Shuqing had a look of difficulty on her face when she heard his tonality, “But I already promised my friend. If I don’t go...”

“Are there many of them? Why not this? If there aren’t many, you can bring your friend over since all of us are young people in the company,” said the young man after observing Guan Shuqing’s expression.

“Just one, but...” Guan Shuqing knit her eyebrows tightly as she hesitated.

“No worries. Get your friend to come over. We’ll have dinner together since your friend is the top student from the University of Rivertown. In the future, I might go to your school to scout for talents too. Just nice, I can get to know your friend and probably all of you can join my company!” The young man gestured with a big-hearted smile as he spoke.

Upon seeing his attitude, Guan Shuqing knew it would be a slap in his face if she continued to decline. Hence, she hesitated and nodded her head, “I’ll ask my friend.”

“Okay, give your friend a call. Shuqing, you can’t miss the gathering tonight!” The young man chuckled while straightening his suit.

“Okay.” Guan Shuqing nodded. She fished out her phone and walked to the side.

The young man drew his lips. “It’s better if her friend is a girl, but it doesn’t matter even if it’s a guy.”

He smiled confidently before heading back to his office.

Wang Xian wondered why when he saw Guan Shuqing’s number on the phone when they just ended the conversation not long ago.

“Why do you call again?” he questioned.

“Wang Xian, there’s a gathering with my colleagues tonight. My boss wants me to go no matter what,” Guan Shuqing said. Before Wang Xian could say anything, she quickly added on, “I already turned my boss down, but he asked me to come with my friend. Why don’t you join us as well?”

“I don’t think this is right, is it?” Wang Xian was slightly stunned by her words. Straightaway, he shook his head and rejected her. “This is your company’s gathering. It would be inappropriate for me to go.”

“Wang Xian, can you... can you come over? I’ve only been here for two days, and I’m not very familiar with the rest of the colleagues. Besides, I won’t be working here for too long. If you are here, I can have someone to talk to. The venue is at the First-grade Restaurant near our school.” Guan Shuqing dragged her last word out as she seemed to be pleading with him.

“Eh...” Wang Xian was hesitant, but he finally nodded his head. “Fine.”

“Hehe, thank you. When I get my pay, I’ll give you a treat.” Upon hearing his consent, Guan Shuqing was so happy that she laughed.

“Still, my treat.” Wang Xian smiled. They arranged a time and hung up the phone.

“At most, I’ll foot the bill since it’s her colleagues’ gathering.”

Wang Xian put his phone back in his pocket and shrugged. Since he had over $20 million on his card now, he was full of confidence.

Buzz!

After he stored his lobsters and the swimming crabs and changed his clothes, his phone buzzed again.

“Lan Qingyue?” Wang Xian opened his Wechat and was shocked to see her message. “Lang Qingyue asked me out for dinner. Looks like I’m quite popular after all!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He touched his face as he was feeling himself. However, he turned her down with a reply, “I’m having dinner with my friend tonight. Sorry, next time then!”

At the same time, Lan Qingyue was a little uptight as she sat on the sofa in the luxurious villa.

This was the first time she asked a guy out for dinner. As she recalled the figure who hugged her, she was looking forward to it while feeling nervous.

Hence, when the notification sound rang, she quickly checked on it.

“Rejected. He actually rejected me.” Lan Qingyue was dazed as she looked at the message. She felt something special within her.

She did not expect she would get rejected the first time she asked a guy out for dinner.