Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3471 3470 demonic skeletons

“The Divine Dragon Clan has experienced two apocalypses and survived until they perished together with the Bug clan!”

“In this era, the Saint Clan, the Divine Tiger clan, the skeleton clan, and the Celestial Nation clan are the new top races in the universe.”

Wang Xian thought of some things about the apocalypses. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

What was the Apocalypses?

There was no such thing in Wang Xian’s inheritance.

However, he knew that it was a terrifying disaster.

This Land of demonic bones was most likely the battlefield of a cataclysm.

Otherwise, even if there were five to six races at the pinnacle of the universe, there would not be so many skeletons.

Wang Xian moved and landed at the bottom. The skeletons on the ground were extremely hard.

He scanned the area with his dragon eyes but could not penetrate too many skeletons.

Crack! Crack! Crack

He stepped on them and made cracking sounds.

He scanned his surroundings. The entire world was like hell.

Some of the skeletons were tens of thousands of meters in size, resembling half of a mountain peak.

Some of the skeletons were piled up together, forming a mountain of skeletons.

There were also some that caved in, forming a valley.

With a glance, it was extremely desolate.

Wang Xian continued to fly towards the center.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

After flying for an hour, sharp bones suddenly flew out from the ground.

The bones completely covered Wang Xian.

“Eh? Is it a demonic skeleton or a skeleton? Or is it an expert with the darkness attribute? How dare he launch a Sneak Attack!”

Wang Xian waved his arm and the bones fell towards the ground.

“Bang! Bang! Bang!”

The bones fell to the ground and produced a loud sound of collision.

He looked down and raised his eyebrows slightly.

Other than sensing that something was attacking him, all he saw were bones.

It was as if the attack just now was an illusion.

“What a powerful concealment technique!”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

It was exceptionally dangerous in the land of the demonic bones because one would be attacked if one was not careful.

The attack might have come from the demonic skeletons, or it might be some skeletons that were born with intelligence!

Some people said that the skeleton race was born in the land of demonic bones, but this was still to be verified.

However, it could be said that the skeletons that were born with intelligence could already be considered as a member of the skeleton race.

“It shouldn’t be an expert of the darkness attribute.”

Wang Xian calmly scanned the area below. From the attack just now, the strength of the attacker should be at the peak of a universe knight.

It would be difficult for a dark attribute cultivator at this level to escape his detection.

However, he couldn’t sense it at the moment. Therefore, he could basically confirm whether the opponent was a demon skeleton or a skeleton.

The demon skeleton and the skeleton had a strong ability to hide in the land of demon bones.

They restrained their energy and merged into all the dry bones, making it difficult for them to be discovered.

Even if it was an area-of-effect attack, they would still drill downwards.

It would be very difficult to kill them.

Wang Xian’s mind stirred as an idea appeared in his mind.

Beside him, a figure that looked exactly like him appeared.

The ghost of the dead!

The ghost of the dead possessed the combat strength of a level two overlord of the universe.

The ghost of the dead did not have a physical body and could pass through the withered bones. The moment he was blocked, it meant that there was energy in this withered bone.

This could verify if this was a demonic skeleton or a skeleton.

“Roar!”

With a thought, the human-shaped netherworld ghost transformed into the form of a divine dragon and flew down.

Its huge body passed through the skeletons.

He stood at the top and scanned the area.

Although the Netherworld Ghost Avatar did not have the primaless saint wings, its speed was still not slow.

Hualala

All of a sudden, when the ghost avatar came to a spot in front of him, a piece of dry bone started to move and escaped in a frenzy.

“Hehe, I found it. It should be a demonic skeleton!”

Wang Xian moved his body and chased after the demonic skeleton.

With the activation of the primaless saint wings, he immediately came to a spot above the skeleton and stretched out his hand to grab it.

It was a bird-type demonic skeleton. Its body was emitting a strong demonic aura.

The bones on its body were unusually sharp and emitted a black glow.

Seeing that Wang Xian was grabbing at it, the demonic skeleton raised its claws and attacked him.

“Bang!”

A violent collision sound was heard. Wang Xian grabbed the demonic skeleton in his hand and made it unable to move.

“This demonic skeleton is really a treasure.”

Wang Xian grabbed the demonic skeleton in his hand and felt its energy. His eyes lit up.

This demonic skeleton was like a weapon, but it was different from a weapon.

They could be divided into dire beasts. They had no intelligence and only knew how to kill.

However, due to their unique life forms, they could be refined into weapons.

The tai chi dragon plate could absorb them.

“TSK TSK, not bad. If I can encounter more demon skeletons, the tai chi dragon plate will be able to break through!”

He mumbled and moved his body. The Tai Chi Dragon Plate appeared and began to destroy the energy of the demon skeletons and absorb them.

Continue!

His body moved and he continued to fly forward.

Wang Xian was not arrogant enough to use himself as bait. If a demon skeleton with the combat strength of a level three universe dominator appeared below him, he would be in trouble.

According to rumors, there might be a real universe dominator level demon skeleton here.

Wang Xian was flying towards the territory of the race, known as the spiritual demon race.

He wanted to go there to obtain some information so that it would be easier for him to move around.

Any living beings could enter the periphery of the spiritual demon race.

There was a huge trading market there. It was also the only safe place to recuperate in the land of demon bones.

When the powerhouses from other places came to the land of demonic bones, they would go to the spirit demon race when they were resting.

Wang Xian was not attacked during the rest of the journey.

Five days later, an extremely huge and special area appeared in Wang Xian’s sight.

It was an extremely huge skeleton.

This skeleton was like a giant standing there.

This skeleton did not have any energy. It was a withered skeleton. Its body was at least hundreds of thousands of meters tall and it was filled with power.

“We’re here. Once we pass through this huge skeleton giant, it will be the territory of the spiritual demon race. No fighting is allowed within this area.”

Wang Xian looked at the symbol of the skeleton giant and muttered.

His body moved and he came to the interior of the skeleton giant.

The spiritual demon race did not have any city walls to protect their territory. Wang Xian only saw the other powerful beings after he had entered for an hour.

Each of the skeletons had a glow in their eyes.

Each of them was an expert of the darkness attribute.

Some of them flew out while others flew in.

Each of them was cold and dead silent. They exuded an aura that no one was allowed to enter.

In the end, this was the territory of the skeletons. The skeletons were not good at communication.

“Let’s go inside and check out some information. Let’s see if there are any ways to hunt more demon skeletons.”

Wang Xian looked ahead and continued to go deeper.

Numerous strange-looking buildings appeared in his line of sight. These buildings were all built with dried bones.

Some of the buildings were at least hundreds of thousands of meters tall. They were extremely magnificent and unique.