Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3479 2478 ruler-level Skeleton Component, on top of a pink skeleton

“Splash!”

If entering the ocean was blocked by seawater, then entering the abyssal skeleton pool was blocked by skeletons.

Each skeleton could be compared to seawater.

However, unlike seawater, skeletons were more blocked, and skeletons had a greater impact on one’s vision.

There were even some bones that could completely block one’s vision.

In this place, relying on vision was useless. One had to rely on their own perception.

Spreading one’s own energy around the surroundings, sensing the surroundings.

Similarly, once one’s energy sensed the surroundings, it was like a bright lamp in the dark night. It was also easily discovered by other powerhouses or living beings.

This place was more suitable for the powerhouses of the skeleton race, because their bodies were also the best cover.

Other creatures were not as suitable as the skeletons.

Fortunately, the skeletons, demon skeletons, and any other powerhouses were the same. They could only use their energy to sense their surroundings.

It was also a bright light in the dark night.

When two waves of energy collided, they could determine the opponent’s position and consider whether to attack.

However, there were also some skeletons and demon skeletons who hid their bodies and quietly lay there waiting for people to arrive before hunting.

Therefore, this was also the place where the abyss skeleton pool was more dangerous than the underground demon cave city.

Wang Xian entered the pool but did not sense his surroundings. Instead, he made his netherspirit avatar appear.

The Netherspirit avatar did not have a physical body, so its sensing ability was relatively strong. The Netherspirit Avatar flew in front while he followed behind.

It was still the same as the underground demon cave city.

Whoosh

He kept flying downwards. Due to the existence of the withered bones, Wang Xian’s speed was less than 1/100,000 of his usual speed.

In other words, his current speed was equivalent to that of a level five or six universe knight.

After all, there was the barrier of the withered bones.

However, the Ghost Avatar’s speed was not affected at all here.

“Eh!”

When Wang Xian dived downwards for five to six hours, the ghost avatar immediately sensed something.

“Whoosh!”

Wang Xian controlled the ghost avatar. His body moved and instantly flew in a certain direction.

“Crash!”

When the ghost avatar approached, a skull instantly released a skeleton flame and fled into the distance.

However, his speed was greatly affected in this place. The ghost avatar easily caught up to him and held him in his hand.

Wang Xian flew over, grabbed the skull, and looked it up and down.

“A skull gave birth to spiritual intelligence and has the combat strength of a level seven universe knight. TSK TSK, this land of demonic bones is really magical.”

Wang Xian looked at the skull. A skull in this form could completely destroy his spiritual intelligence and turn it into a powerful weapon.

However, he wasn’t interested in this level. He was directly absorbed by the Taiji Dragon Disc.

Continue!

He realized that the Netherworld ghost was like a fish in water as long as he could sense it. The other party wouldn’t be able to escape.

Wang Xian continued to fly deeper into the abyss.

He continued to fly deeper into the abyss. According to the information he obtained from the spiritual demon race, this abyss was tens of millions of kilometers deep.

When he reached the bottom, he could explore his surroundings.

Due to the decrease in speed, these tens of millions of kilometers could not be compared to the outside world.

Wang Xian explored bit by bit. Three days later, the ghost avatar sensed something again and charged over directly.

This time, he obtained a bone. It was a dead bone of a living creature. Now, it had the combat strength of a peak universe knight.

After all, Wang Xian’s strength was already very strong. He explored little by little and gradually gained more and more.

A special demonic skeleton formed by a head and a bone possessed the combat strength of a Level 1 universe dominator.

A demonic skeleton formed by four bones that were randomly pieced together possessed the combat strength of a peak-level universe knight.

There were all kinds of strange demonic skeletons. During the journey, Wang Xian even met a few experts.

They sensed for a while but did not make a move. They separated immediately.

Since the other party did not provoke Wang Xian, Wang Xian would not kill for no reason.

Time passed day by day. Half a year passed in the blink of an eye. During this half a year, Wang Xian was very satisfied with his gains.

He obtained four demon skeletons with the combat strength of A Level One universe dominator.

This gain was definitely very powerful.

“I wonder if the Hundred Cities Alliance and the Holy Dragon lineage have sent experts to kill me.”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself and smiled. He continued to search ahead.

The information regarding the abyssal skeleton pool in the information regarding the spiritual demon race was relatively smaller.

After all, there was no sense of direction here. There was only a rough area. Could there be powerful demon skeletons here.

The Tai Chi Dragon Disc had already recovered and was floating around the Netherworld Ghost. This gave the Netherworld Ghost Avatar a great boost.

It continued to fly forward.

Buzz

However, half a month later, the Netherworld Ghost Avatar was advancing and sensing the surroundings.

All of a sudden, a terrifying attack attacked him.

The attack came from a spot ten meters away from him.

The sudden attack caused Wang Xian’s expression to change drastically.

A Ray of blood-red light pierced straight through the head of the Netherworld Ghost Avatar.

The Tai Chi Dragon disc automatically revolved.

“Bang!”

However, what shocked Wang Xian was that the tai chi dragon disc was slowly collapsing under the attack of the blood-red light.

This caused his expression to change drastically.

An attack that could break through the Tai Chi Dragon Disc’s defense was able to threaten Wang Xian’s life.

Just like the previous attack by the Divine Light Dragon, although cracks appeared on the Taiji Dragon Plate, a backlash was surging toward it.

Wang Xian could clearly feel the blood-red light trembling.

“A finger? A Pink Finger?”

When he saw the demonic skeleton in the blood-red light, his gaze froze.

The pink finger bone reminded Wang Xian of a pink skeleton palm he had obtained from the level-two battle-strength skeleton, the Master of the universe.

It possessed the attributes of darkness and fire.

However, it was different from this finger bone. This finger bone gave birth to intelligence and belonged to the demonic skeleton.

“It has not reached the level three battle-power of the universe dominator. I can deal with it.”

Wang Xian focused his gaze and flapped the uninitiated holy wings on his back vigorously.

Crack! Crack! Crack Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The surrounding dry bones surged in all directions. He attacked the pink finger at a terrifying speed.

With a wave of his palm, the five elements grinding mill broke through the dry bones one by one and attacked the pink finger as well.

Buzz

When the pink finger saw that its attack did not kill the ghost avatar, it sensed Wang Xian’s attack and emitted a strong glow.

It did not escape but continued to pierce through the Ghost Avatar.

The ghost avatar quickly gathered energy to defend itself.

“Ah!”

However, Wang Xian could feel the immense pain coming from the Netherworld Ghost Avatar very quickly.

The attack of this pink finger bone was accompanied by elemental attacks. Its attack power was comparable to two to three powerhouses of the same level.

The Netherworld Ghost Avatar was completely no match for him!