Chapter 355: Evolution

Wang Xian stood on the sea surface with a burdened look, after cruising the Eastern Sea for quite some time.

The sky was now dark. As the surrounding area was consumed by pitch black, it seemed like an endless abyss.

“Within the seas, every region is inhabited by a powerful race which controls the best and most scenic spots within their area. Unless we’re able to seize hold of a territory, we’ll have to construct the Dragon Palace in a corner!” Wang Xian uttered to himself. It was only natural that he was unwilling to have his Dragon Palace built in a corner.

Yet, by not wanting to have it in a corner, he would then have to fight for territory.

With a flicker in his eyes, Wang Xian began to recall the various regions which had interested him earlier.

He was most pleased with the area inhabited by the Aurora Jellyfish. However, it would be hard for the Dragon Palace members to win over the Jellyfishes for now, for they were simply too powerful.

That said, there was one other location other than the ones with the Aurora Jellyfish.

It was an area with coral reefs, inhabited by giant cuttlefish. Each of them measured more than ten meters in length, and had numerous tentacles. Amongst which, there was a Level 12 Cuttlefish, five Level 11 Cuttlefishes, along with scores of Level 10.

The area they covered was filled with coral reefs and looked very stunning, which Wang Xian considered as his second choice.

Aside from this, there was still one more area which was located in an underwater canyon fissure.

Stretching up to tens of kilometers, the fissure was located at about two thousand meters below sea level, amongst the deeper regions of the Eastern Sea.

But the canyon fissure had a shortcoming. It was a little narrow, as it only stretched slightly over a thousand meters across, which made it less suitable as a location for the Dragon Palace.

Moreover, the fissure was inhabited by a group of bat-like creatures which were highly ferocious.

Just earlier, dozens of them had chased after Wang Xian and gang over tens of kilometers.

I’ll head back for now. If it doesn’t work out, I’ll explore other territorial waters, Wang Xian thought to himself.

Wang Xian had no wish to base his Dragon Palace within the four major oceans, as it was not a region which the Dragon Palace could venture into for now, given its current abilities.

Ferrying Wang Xian on his back, Prime Minister Turtle hurried over to Rivertown. It was over ten at night by the time they had arrived.

Back in the villa, Xiao Yu, Elder Fang and the rest had already turned in.

Knowing that Guan Shuqing was also in the villa, Wang Xian crept into the room stealthily before he made his leap.

To which, Guan Shuqing gave him a killer stare when she saw him coming in.

But it was not the first time that this had happened, and soon enough dulcet sounds could be heard from the room.

Although Guan Shuqing was now a Half-step Inborn with a much improved physical constitution, she was still no match for Wang Xian whose powers were simply too formidable.

“Seems like I really have to rope Qingyue into the team soon!” Guan Shuqing wondered to herself in a dreamy state, before lying on the bed and falling into a deep sleep.

At dawn, the sky was somewhat overcast. It was predicted on the phone’s weather forecast that downpours would be expected for the next couple of days.

While Xiao Yu and the others went to school, Wang Xian dialed the number as provided by the Elder when they were previously at the National Treasury.

In less than half an hour, three middle-aged men arrived at the villa.

The trio had not spoken much, but merely handed their Spiritual Stones over to Wang Xian in purchase of all the Elixir Pills which he had in hand.

In the next couple of days, resources arrived one by one, which Wang Xian wasted no time in keeping away. He was in an exceptionally good mood, as more than ninety-percent of the materials needed to construct the Dragon Palace had been gathered.

But one issue still bugged him: the choice of location for the Dragon Palace.

It was difficult to snag a good location, given that the combat abilities of some Dragon Palace members were still weak.

By day three however, two pieces of good news came along.

[Ding! The collection of materials for the construction of the Dragon Palace is complete. Please select your construction site!]

At last, the collection of materials meant for the Dragon Palace was completed. The construction could now commence immediately.

While the second piece of good news came from the Dragon Palace members.

As he stood amidst the seas, Wang Xian looked ahead where the nine venomous sea snakes had gathered.

Pieces of long skin were shedding off their bodies as they slithered in quick rhythms, while the pairs of horns on their heads began to grow out. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

There were also changes to their heads. They were no longer rounded like that of a snakehead. Rather they had gotten more pronounced and dimensional, which made then appear more sophisticated and majestic than before.

Four small bumps had also emerged from their abdominal area, while their bodies had grown up to around ten meters as they began to fade in color, gradually turning white.

“They’ve evolved, and upgraded to Level 11! But they’ve still got more to go if they wish to evolve into Serpents!” Wang Xian cheered in excitement.

The nine venomous sea snakes had always been the stronger of powers amongst the Dragon Palace members, given that they possessed the bloodline of the Wind Divine Dragon. When they joined forces, killing a Level 11 creature became a breeze for them.

Now that they had upgraded to Level 11, their abilities are already beyond formidable even though they had yet to evolve into Serpents.

“The powers within the Dragon Palace are still inadequate. Now that the nine venomous sea snakes have evolved, it has since raised the overall powers of the Dragon Palace by two to three times!” Wang Xian laughed contently.

The nine venomous sea snakes, each measuring ten meters long, were as thick as an adult human thigh. And when they glided in the waters, optical illusions would form along with their trails due to their shocking speeds.

“These nine venomous sea snakes have evolved to Level 11. Now’s the time to seize the territory of the Aurora Jellyfish!” Wang Xian said with a glow in his eyes.

Although there were over twenty Level 11 Aurora Jellyfishes, they could well handle a little over a dozen of them with their current prowess.

Together with Prime Minister, Roving Heavens and Roving Yaksha, their chances of success were high.

“Make preparations. We’re constructing the Dragon Palace!” Wang Xian ordered cheerfully, before heading for his villa.

As of now, construction workers engaged by Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan had begun with the transformation works on the floating island. Based on estimates, it would not be long before the works were completed.

As Wang Xian stepped into the villa, he saw a group of girls and walked over with a wide smile.

“Qingyue, have you finished settling the company matters?” Wang Xian asked with a grin, before he shamelessly squeezed himself into the seat in between Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue.

“Yep, it’s settled!” Lan Qingyue replied as she leaned against Wang Xian’s body briefly. “As for now, I can relax for a short period!” she continued.

“Yep. And all of you can follow me to a place tomorrow!” Wang Xian said to them after a moment of hesitation.

He planned to bring them around the Dragon Palace after it had been completed.

Some things cannot be kept in the dark, and Wang Xian had no intention of hiding it either.

It was easy to explain why he could transform into a Divine Dragon; he could attribute this to having succeeded the Divine Dragon’s legacy.

During the cultivation on earth, there were bloodline cultivators who would transform into beasts. Hence, although his becoming the Divine Dragon would be astonishing, it would not be considered too atypical to say the least.

“Can’t do, we have classes to attend tomorrow!” Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing shook their heads to decline.

“You have to make this trip. I have something to show all of you. Xiao Yu...,” Wang Xian refuted.

“Brother, I can’t make it tomorrow. I’m making a trip back to Thistles and Thorns Sect with Mentor. The Youth Tournament’s commencing soon. I’ve got to make preparations!” Xiao Yu rejected Wang Xian’s offer without waiting for him to finish his sentence.

Wang Xian smiled and nodded back.