Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3541 3540 dragon palaces will be relocated. All of you, please give way!

The destruction of the Hundred Cities Alliance by the Dragon Palace caused the entire heaven opening primordial land to be in an uproar!

From today onwards, the Dragon Palace had officially stepped into the ranks of the top-tier high-level races!

From today onwards, no faction could look down on the Dragon Palace!

The rise of the Dragon Palace was good news for the strong disciples of the ancestral dragon lineage.

At the same time, when the spirit demon king who was far away in the land of Devil Bones received this news, he could confirm that the demon witch tribe was exterminated by Wang Xian and the rest!

The spirit demon king had slight respect for Wang Xian!

From a divine dragon who needed his protection a few years ago, he had grown into a force that was even stronger than the spirit demon tribe!

Fortunately, the Dragon Palace was friends with the Spirit Demon Tribe!

And for the ancestral dragon and the spirit demon race, the rise of the Dragon Palace was a good thing.

But for the sacred dragon race, it was not good news!

In fact, when the Hundred City Alliance Master was killed and the connate true treasure returned to the angel race, the Sacred Dragon Race had already received the bad news.

However, they did not know the exact situation.

Now, when they saw the news that was spreading on the internet, they were all shocked!

“How did this Dragon Palace rise so quickly? How did it rise so horribly? Even the Alliance Master of Hundred Cities, who had the innate true treasure and the geographical advantage, was killed?”

In an empty space, the Holy Dragon King looked at the news reported by his subordinate, and his expression was very ugly!

The Sacred Dragon Clan had hunted down the experts of the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon Palace stood together with the ancestral Dragon Clan. This was something that all the forces could understand.

Originally, the Sacred Dragon Clan didn’t put the Dragon Palace in their eyes at all.

Even if the dragon palace killed the experts of the Sacred Dragon Clan.

Even if the experts of the Dragon Palace had defeated Alliance Master of Hundred Cities not long ago.

They still didn’t put the Dragon Palace in their eyes.

According to their guesses, after the Sacred Dragon Clan had Lent Hundred City Alliance leader an innate true treasure, Hundred City Alliance leader could easily destroy Dragon Palace!

Unexpectedly, before the Hundred City Alliance could make a move, Dragon Palace had already attacked and annihilated them!

This display of terrifying power was enough to make the sacred dragon clan feel apprehensive!

In fact, currently, the Holy Dragon bloodline and the ancestral dragon bloodline only had around 20 universe masters with level-three combat power!

Comparatively speaking, the Holy Dragon bloodline was less than the ancestral dragon bloodline.

They were, after all, the Holy Dragon Bloodline, a dragon race that had once been at the pinnacle.

They still had a huge advantage in terms of cultivation.

However, due to their accumulation and time, there were only around 20 of them.

At their level, every universe ruler with level 3 combat strength would have a huge impact on their victory.

The rise of the Dragon Palace was undoubtedly not a good thing for them!

“I have to destroy that ancestral dragon as soon as possible. My real enemy is still that ancestral dragon. He is the real trouble. As long as I destroy this ancestral dragon, I can easily destroy the Dragon Palace!”

The Sacred Dragon King roared in a low voice, his eyes shining.

He had strong confidence in destroying that ancestral dragon.

Once he destroyed it, he might be able to find the divine kingdom of his ancestor.

“Destroy that ancestral dragon first, and then I’ll take care of Your Dragon Palace!”

He murmured.

…

Time passed day by day, and the Universe AI was still discussing.

The members of the Dragon Palace and the five elements grinding were all improving.

The Dragon Palace was shuttling through the ocean and quickly entering the inner part of the Heaven opening primal continent!

A month passed very quickly. On this day, all the powerful disciples of the Dragon Palace had completed the improvement this time.

Because the last time they exterminated the Demon Witch clan, they had obtained the Divine Kingdom of three universe masters with level three battle strength, which only made ao crab improve.

This time, he had obtained the god country of Hundred City Alliance leader, and another devouring dragon had broken through and reached the level of a universe master with level-three combat strength.

Apart from that, another three universe masters with level-three combat strength had been born.

The number of universe masters with level-three combat strength in the Dragon Palace had reached twelve!

As for the two million disciples of the Dragon Palace, the increase was even greater!

The number of elites of the Hundred City Alliance was four times that of the Dragon Palace!

What kind of concept was it to gather all these resources on the disciples of the Dragon Palace?

This made all the members of the Dragon Palace have at least the combat strength of a universe knight at level four.

The combat strength of the Dragon Palace at the universe ruler level, together with the Devouring Dragon, reached 750!

750. If this were to be known, it would definitely cause a huge sensation!

At its peak, the Hundred Cities Alliance Only Had Four Hundred Universe Masters’Combat Strength!

The strength of the Dragon Palace had increased tremendously!

With the improvement of the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace, the flying speed of the Dragon Palace was increased by a few universe masters with level three combat strength!

Three months later, when the Dragon Palace flew out of the ocean and entered the sky above the mainland, Wang Xian’s five elements Millstone had a breakthrough!

After absorbing more than 90 innate spiritual treasures, the five elements Millstone had a breakthrough!

At this moment, the five elements millstone contained a terrifying aura. The Shadows of the innate spiritual treasures flickered on the five elements millstone.

At this point, the Five Elements Millstone and the Tai Chi Dragon Disc had all been upgraded to the level of a third-level universe dominator!

With the help of the incipient sacred wings, the Spirit Spirit and the Netherworld Ghost Avatar, Wang Xian’s strength could easily kill experts of the same level who were holding innate spiritual treasures.

“Phew!”

“After the upgrade, the five elements millstone can absorb the rest of the innate supreme treasures at a much faster speed. After absorbing all these innate supreme treasures, even if the five elements millstone didn’t achieve another breakthrough, it might not be far away from the next breakthrough!”

Wang Xian mumbled. This time, he had obtained too many treasures!

“Now, the Dragon Palace can be considered to have truly stepped into the inner part of the heaven-opening primeval continent!” nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Wang Xian stood in the sky above the Dragon Palace and looked down at the continent in front of him as he muttered.

The Dragon Palace had finally stepped onto this stage.

The Dragon Palace shuttled through the sky and attracted the attention of some desolate beasts and other living beings.

Some of the living beings looked over curiously and sized it up.

“What is this? It seems to be a Dragon Palace?”

“Eh? A Dragon Palace is flying in the sky, how can it be so reckless?”

Some experts came to the dragon palace and whispered.

They didn’t know that this was the Dragon Palace of the Dragon Palace!

Boom

However, in the next moment, a suffocating aura swept across their surroundings.

Under this aura, they couldn’t even stand in the air and fell down directly.

“Dragon Palace migration, please make way!”

Then, a dignified voice sounded in their minds.

Hearing this, they immediately widened their eyes, which were full of shock.

Dragon Palace migration, please make way!