Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 356: Territory Of A Sect

“Where are we going?”

The next morning, Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing stood on the deck of the yacht, stretched their bodies lazily and asked Wang Xian.

They took a glance at Sun Lingxiu, who was standing by the side, as they pouted discontentedly.

Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue no longer felt any separation between them. However, they weren’t very comfortable with the idea of including Sun Lingxiu.

They stared at Wang Xian and made their displeasure clearly known through their expressions.

Wang Xian smiled bitterly and pretended to not have noticed the displeasure. Instead, he hugged both of them and said, “Let me bring you to a magical place, a place you guys would never have imagined!”

“Oh? Where are we going?”

The two girls beamed and weren’t particular about this pervert hugging them both at the same time.

Although Wang Xian had not taken down Lan Qingyue over this period of time, he had taken all kinds of advantages of her. After some time, the two girls became used to it.

“It’s a secret. You will know once we are there!”

Wang Xian revealed a mysterious smile. The Dragon Palace hadn’t been built. However, the system allowed it to be built almost instantly. Therefore, all he had to do was to take down the territory that was occupied by the jellyfish before building the Dragon Palace.

After its establishment, the Dragon Palace would have multiple powerful abilities. At that time, the Dragon Pool, Dragon Gates and other structures would appear.

“Come, let’s have some delicious fish and some red wine. How romantic is this!?” Wang Xian smiled radiantly and brought the girls to the restaurant on the yacht.

After this, he went to the fridge to retrieve a piece of fish that was shimmering in a lustrous glow.

This piece of fish was the flesh of an Inborn level fish. The energy in it wouldn’t be any less than a Level 2 spiritual medicine.

The flesh of powerful creatures was incomparably delicious. By dipping it in a little sauce, even the Atlantic Bluefin Marlin couldn’t compare to it.

Delicious food and wine with beautiful girls as companions!

Sun Lingxiu stood by the side and looked at them with a gentle smile. She didn’t appear to be fighting to be with Wang Xian.

This made Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing a little embarrassed. Therefore, they invited her over to chat and eat. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The yacht moved quickly and the members of the Dragon Palace followed closely below the water’s surface.

At the forefront, Roving Heavens, Roving Yaksha, Prime Minister Turtle and the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes led the way.

Twelve Level 12 existences!

At the back, there were Roving Girl, Roving Lobster, two Blood Pythons and the Inborn experts from the Devil Division and the Dragon Guard Division.

That was an additional twenty-three experts.

Behind them were a group of Level 8 and 9 existences.

Based on Wang Xian’s illustration, Mo Qinglong steered the yacht towards the territory of the Aurora Jellyfish.

The Eastern Seadistrict was vast. Based on the information on the map, the region where the Aurora Jellyfishes were was part of the public seas.

The landscape of the Eastern Sea was extremely complicated, like the mountainous seabed that the Aurora Jellyfishes occupied.

There were lots of mountains in the Eastern Sea. Counting small islands alone, there were more than six thousand.

Occasionally, one could see the islands on the sea from afar.

Some islands were deserted while some were brimming with vitality.

Wang Xian looked into the distance and knew that on one of these islands, there might be powerful Sects or Families.

The yacht steered rapidly forward. Lan Qingyue and Guan Shuqing had a great time on the deck.

Boom!

Just as they were about to reach the territory of the Aurora Jellyfish, a horrifying explosion erupted.

Wang Xian was shocked and immediately looked to his left.

“Huh? That is...?”

There were three ships that looked distinctly different from ordinary ships.

The bodies of these ships were black and looked incomparably tough.

On the ship, there were many Martial Artists. Every single one of them held a sharp longsword in their hands.

They were attacking the surface of the sea.

In the sea, a horrifying sea creature that spanned several dozens of meters long was tumbling furiously. Several Martial Artists were dashing across the sea with their longswords and slashing the creature.

“That is...?”

Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue were surprised and looked in shock.

“This is...? Hunting strong marine creatures?”

Wang Xian sank into deep thought. The essences of powerful creatures in the seas were all hidden within their flesh.

The value of an Inborn level creature could match a Level 5 spiritual medicine.

In fact, if you encountered unique Inborn level creatures, the value would be even higher.

On land, various experts from different sects hunted sea creatures in various places just to obtain their flesh.

The yacht continued forward and slowly approached the region where the commotion erupted.

Huh?

At this moment, an old man standing at the forefront of the black ship turned his head over, took a glance at the approaching yacht and waved his hand.

On the boat, a black ball appeared in the old man’s hand before the old man threw it towards the yacht.

Wang Xian stared at the black spherical object flying towards him. He frowned instantly and waved his hand.

Boom!

An explosion resounded in the air and caused a mushroom cloud.

Seeing his Thunder Clouds Boom exploding in mid-air, the old man on the black ship raised an eyebrow.

“Scram! This is the territory of the Sacred Seas of Swords!” A cold voice emanated from his mouth.

Upon hearing his voice, Wang Xian squinted his eyes.

“Sacred Seas of Swords?”

He raised an eyebrow. Mo Qinglong, who was behind the steering wheel, changed the direction of the yacht immediately.

Wang Xian took a long stare at the old man but did not attack them.

His main priority would be to build the Dragon Palace. He had no time to play around with other forces.

The bottom of the sea is occupied by powerful creatures and the surface of the sea is also occupied by some powerful forces! Wang Xian thought to himself.

Powerful forces could occupy the seas and islands and hunt powerful creatures within the seas.

This jolted his memory about the floating island and the Sect that was annihilated by some horrifying creature.

The seas are not as peaceful as I imagined!

Wang Xian showed a faint smile. It would only be interesting if this was the case.

The yacht continued moving forward. At night, they arrived at the region where the Aurora Jellyfish resided.

This place was roughly two hundred kilometers away from land.

After having dinner with Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing and Sun Lingxiu, Wang Xian chatted with them for a while.

Huh?

Seeing that Wang Xian wanted to return to his room to rest, Lan Qingyue was a little surprised.

I’m prepared today but you... Tsk...

She pouted and headed back to her room.

Wang Xian didn’t know he had missed a great opportunity.

At this moment, he was at the bottom of the yacht.

“Dragon transformation!”

Without hesitation, Wang Xian dived deeper into the seas. He turned around and looked at the members of the Dragon Palace.

He released his dragon power and looked towards the region before him.

In that region, twenty-odd mountains stood within the depths of the sea. Each mountain was glowing brightly, making the entire region resemble the day.

Around it, countless jellyfish were swimming slowly within the sea.

“This place shall become the base of the Dragon Palace.”

Wang Xian revealed a faint smile. From here on out, the Dragon Palace would start from the Eastern Sea and move towards conquering all the oceans!