Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 358: Immortal Jellyfish (2)

The most primitive battle was also the most spectacular battle.

In the sea, Wang Xian was constantly wiggling his huge, seven-meter body.

He constantly ejected Earth dragon energy from his mouth to strengthen the defense of the Earth Dragon.

Densely packed streams of blue Aurora jets shot towards Wang Xian.

Drips of water could penetrate the toughest of objects in the natural world given time. The penetrative force of the Aurora jets would only be even stronger.

If Wang Xian had not transformed into the Earth Divine Dragon, he wouldn’t be able to withstand these horrifying Aurora jets.

Grr grr grr!

At this point, Wang Xian heard pitiful cries erupting from all around him.

He immediately turned his head over.

A short distance away, an Aurora Jellyfish also shot identical blue Aurora jets at the Devil Monkeys that were surrounding it.

Streams of Aurora jets penetrated the bodies of these weak Devil Monkeys and they were crying out in pain.

However, these Aurora jets were minute. As long as they didn’t hit a vital organ when piercing through the bodies of these Devil Monkeys, they wouldn’t kill the Devil Monkeys. This made Wang Xian a little more relieved.

In fact, with the regeneration speed of the Devil Monkeys, they could even recover from these attacks almost instantly.

“Die!”

Roving Heavens stared intensely at the Aurora Jellyfish ahead of him. He was furious and was revealing his pair of incisors. Around him, horrifying devilish aura circulated.

He spun the metal rod in his hand rapidly before him to defend against the streams of Aurora jets.

When the wave of attacks ended, Roving Heavens immediately leapt forward. A mirage of a Devil Monkey appeared behind him as he smashed heavily towards the Aurora Jellyfish.

Swish swish swish!

The Level 11 Aurora Jellyfish reacted by sending its tentacles towards Roving Heavens.

Grrrr, grrr!

Vengeance gleamed in the eyes of the Devil Monkey image behind Roving Heavens. Over a hundred Devil Monkeys leapt forward and attacked the tentacles of the Aurora jellyfish.

The majority of the tentacles of the Aurora Jellyfish were stopped by the Devil Monkeys.

“Die!”

Roving Heavens roared furiously as he went down hard on the Aurora Jellyfish.

Weng!

A huge patch of the blue light on the Aurora Jellyfish instantly dissipated.

Ci ci!

Roving Heavens gritted his teeth and landed another heavy strike on the Aurora Jellyfish.

Bzz bzz!

Another huge patch of blue light on the Aurora Jellyfish subsided once again.

Wang Xian noticed that as the blue glow dissipated, the strength of the Aura Jellyfish weakened substantially.

Although there wasn’t any sign of injuries on the jellyfish, its attack had softened substantially.

At the other end, Wang Xian was shocked to see Roving Girl and Roving Lobster holding their ground against a Level 11 Aurora Jellyfish.

The intensity of their battle surprised Wang Xian.

Roving Lobster stood at approximately three meters tall and had a metal glow throughout his body. He was standing ahead of the Aurora Jellyfish with its razor-sharp pincers pointing towards the Aurora Jellyfish.

Behind him, Roving Girl was constantly manipulating the water around her by moving her arms. She sent streams of water towards Roving Lobster to aid him in battle.

These streams enabled Roving Lobster to accelerate, defend and even allow the formation of tentacles extending from his back.

With these tentacles, she completely neutralized the tentacles of the Aurora Jellyfish.

As for Roving Lobster, he stood face to face with the Aurora Jellyfish in a brutal and direct confrontation.

Streams of blue Aurora jets were shot towards Roving Lobster. In response, Roving Lobster used his two huge pincers to guard himself.

On the surface of its pincers, there was also a thick layer of water shield.

As the Aurora jets pierced through the water shield and landed on Roving Lobster’s pincers, sounds of metal clashing could be heard.

These pincers were the toughest parts on Roving Lobster. They were even sharper and tougher than Inborn Spiritual Weapons.

Swish swish swish!

When the Aurora Jellyfish noticed that its attacks were futile on Roving Lobster, it changed its target instantly and attacked Roving Girl instead.

Pa!

However, the Aurora Jellyfish was shocked to see its attacks landed on the clamshell instead.

The Aurora jets didn’t leave any marks on the heavy clamshell that had a blue glow. The defense of the clamshell was even more insane than the pincers of Roving Lobster.

Ka Ka Ka!

In this split second, Roving Lobster swung its huge razor-sharp pincers towards the Aurora Jellyfish.

Beside Roving Girl and Roving Lobster, Prime Minister Turtle went against two Aurora Jellyfish at the same time and easily crushed them.

When the blue Aurora jets landed on the heavy shell of Prime Minister Turtle, all they left were small white dots.

Other than having a horrifying defense, the Prime Minister Turtle also had incredible Earth Control ability.

Roving Girl, Roving Lobster and Prime Minister Turtle were the first three subordinates Wang Xian had taken in. The time they had to practice their cultivation arts of the divine dragon was also the longest.

At Level 10, Roving Girl and Roving Lobster could go against a Level 11 Aurora Jellyfish.

As for Prime Minister Turtle, he could even crush two Aurora Jellyfish.

Prime Minister Turtle’s strength was also the strongest among all the other members of the Dragon Palace.

Even the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes, which possessed the bloodline of the Wind Divine Dragon, were slightly inferior.

On the other end, the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes were equally incredible in battle.

Although they had not evolved to the serpent stage, they already possessed some strength and might of a serpent.

When moving within the sea, they were just like phantoms. Despite having huge bodies, it was still hard to catch sight of them.

One could really describe them as moving with wizardly elusiveness.

The bodies of the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes shimmered as they approached the Aurora Jellyfish rapidly. At the same time, they carried razor-sharp wind blades that penetrated the Aurora Jellyfish directly.

Complete domination.

For the strongest Dragon Guard Division of the Dragon Palace, Roving Yaksha led a group of Yaksha warriors to fight against three Aurora Jellyfish.

Their attacks were potent and destructive. While fighting and defending together, they were able to kill an Aurora Jellyfish in an extremely short period of time.

However, Wang Xian was shocked to notice no signs of injuries on the jellyfish that had been killed and sank into the bottom of the sea.

The dragon energy within it had already dissipated and it was definitely strange.

After taking a quick glance, Wang Xian turned his attention to the Aurora Jellyfish ahead of him and revealed a smirk.

He suspended himself in the sea and slowly swayed his dragon tail.

Below him, clumps of earth started rising and coalesced into one.

Boom boom boom!

Subsequently, a huge piece of earth flew over, combined and quickly condensed together.

Gradually, a huge twenty-meter-tall earth mountain appeared on Wang Xian. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Roar!

Wang Xian opened his mouth and ejected a stream of Earth dragon energy that surrounded the earth mountain.

Rumble rumble!

The earth mountain condensed further and emanated heavy and horrifying aura. With a movement, the earth mountain appeared above him and was directed towards the Aurora Jellyfish.

Swish swish swish!

Fifty-meter-long tentacles of the Aurora Jellyfish moved rapidly like thousands and thousands of ice needles towards Wang Xian.

Roar!

Wang Xian lifted his head and directed the earth mountain above him to shield his head.

Subsequently, Wang Xian manipulated the earth mountain and pushed it towards the Aurora Jellyfish ahead of him.

The earth mountain carried incredible momentum as it crashed towards the Aurora Jellyfish.

Pa pa pa!

The Aurora Jellyfish wrapped its tentacles around the earth mountain. On the surface, dullish yellow energies clashed directly with the blue glow on the Aurora Jellyfish.