Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 359: Vastless Sea, Establishment Of The Dragon Palace (1)

Boom!

Following the crashes due to the violent collision, the huge mountain of earth blew into pieces.

The lights on the tentacles of the Aurora Jellyfish began to flicker, before it eventually disappeared completely.

Atop the jellyfish, its gigantic head measuring ten meters in diameter was lit brightly in blue.

The rays were shielding against the surging earth bits as a result of the explosion earlier.

The entire mountain of earth measured twenty meters in height. Hence its impact during the explosion was powerful enough to send waters as far as a thousand meters away on a violent tumble.

Huge waves billowed even in the deep seas a thousand meters below.

Tsk, tsk, tsk!

Eventually, all remnants of blue light on the giant Aurora Jellyfish blew out.

This caused its surrounding area to dim in an instant.

Meanwhile, within the territorial waters nearby, the area began to darken as the huge jellyfish began losing their glow one by one.

Out of fear and shock, the smaller jellyfish nearby dispersed themselves as they began to scramble for safety. In spite of this, a huge proportion of the jellyfish swam over to the carcass of the Aurora Jellyfish, as they glowed alongside the body which had lost all luster.

Wang Xian smiled briefly as he swept his glance across.

The battle nearby ended quickly, as Prime Minister Turtle and the rest swam over to Wang Xian’s side.

“Reports, Dragon King. The Devil Division has lost fifty men, while there are no further casualties from the rest of our men!” the voice of Prime Minister Turtle drifted from behind Wang Xian, as the former made his update.

Wang Xian nodded in acknowledgment, before turning his head over to face the Devil Division.

Casualties were inevitable, since the Devil Division had been the weakest within the Dragon Palace in terms of combat powers; seven hundred or so Devil Monkeys remained out of the initial eight hundred.

That said, the remaining survivors were all Level 8 to 9 combatants.

The weaker ones had all perished in the battle earlier.

“They’re still too weak. If only they hadn’t died...” Wang Xian sighed. But he soon recovered with a satisfied smile as he surveyed the territorial waters, unable to contain his excitement.

With a change of stance, he swam over to a nearby seamount with no delay. As he rested atop the seamount, he scanned the surrounding areas.

“This is the place,” Wang Xian said as he inhaled deeply.

“Construct the Dragon Palace!” he uttered the words with a surge of emotions.

[Ding! The collection of materials for the construction of the Dragon Palace has been completed. Scanning the territorial waters around to assess its suitability for the construction. Do you want to build the Dragon Palace? An elementary Dragon Palace will come with a Dragon King Hall, Dragon Transformation Pool, Dragon’s Gate, Sea Stabilizing Immortal Column, Dragon Cave, Dragon Field and Dragon Array.]

The sound from the system explained while Wang Xian listened with stirred emotions.

“Construct!”

Boom!

[Constructing the Dragon Palace!]

The voice, which seemed like it was calling from both Heaven and Earth as well as the primeval era, called out to Wang Xian within his head.

This was then followed by rays of pre-cosmic light which shone in front of him.

The pre-cosmic rays began to scatter out, and shone over an area ten kilometers in radius.

While endless energy began pouring in over an even bigger area a thousand miles in radius.

The weather began to evolve. Energies from the entire ocean, Earth elements, and Water elements including those from aquatic plants, Metal Elements from rocks and stones, as well as Spiritual Energy of all sorts were sapped.

Together, the energies gathered over and grew immensely in strength, as if to split sky and shatter earth, as the pre-cosmic rays continued to shine over the area of ten miles in radius.

Under Wang Xian’s astonished gaze, major changes began to take place from beneath his feet.

The entire seamount was going through major transformations at alarming speeds which could be captured by the naked eye.

A majestic Dragon King Hall emerged below Wang Xian.

The majority of the seamount, which measured two hundred meters in height, had been transformed; a huge hole had been dug out from its lower area.

The upper area of the seamount was now supported by two titanic pillars.

Thereafter, a Royal Residence Hall emerged in the middle of the seamount, and appeared absolutely extravagant. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Down below, a golden Dragon Throne measuring three meters in length appeared.

While underneath the Dragon Throne lay the mesmerizing Dragon King Hall, decked in silver and gold.

As coral colonies lined the sides of the hall, shimmering in different hues, numerous sedimentary rocks were placed and spaced out as seats for guests.

The entire Grand Hall occupied a space measuring two thousand meters in radius, making it appear incredibly spacious.

Creak, creak!

[The Dragon King Hall has been completed!]

Right then, behind the Dragon King Hall where three seamounts stood, a giant crater measuring a thousand meters in radius appeared in the centermost region of the seamount range.

Following which, several colorful pillars rooted out, which were gradually embellished by multiple Divine Dragon motifs.

There were nine pillars in all, each measuring fifty meters in length and three meters wide. They were accompanied by Divine Dragon motifs of nine different elements. As the dragons sprawled across the pillar surface, their heads pointed towards the direction atop the giant crater with their mouths gaping open.

The Divine Dragons belonged to the nine elements of Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Thunder, Light, and Darkness.

Yet, there was nothing in the giant crater.

[The Dragon Transformation Pool has been completed!]

Creak, creak, creak!

Immediately after, on the sides of the Dragon King Hall, more than a dozen seamounts began to shift unimaginably.

On the right of the hall, the lower regions of the seamounts began to hollow, where it was replaced by pillars which now supported the entire structure.

The giant hole that was created stretched diagonally underground, reaching up to five thousand meters in depth.

While numerous luxurious caves emerged within its interior, there was one main cave followed by other remaining chambers.

[The Dragon Cave has been completed!]

Boom, boom, boom!

Along with the loud blasts and continuous booms, a Dragon Field measuring two thousand meters wide and six thousand meters long appeared in the middle of the seamount range.

Pop, pop, pop!

The sides of the Dragon Field were lined with multiple weapon racks, although there were no weapons on them.

[The Dragon Field has been completed!]

Zing, zing, zing, zing!

Just then, Wang Xian sensed an object sprouting out from the ground beneath. True enough, a titanic pillar surfaced then and there.

The pillar was located at the back of the Dragon King Hall, measuring five meters wide and two hundred meters long.

On the pillar, the characters “Sea Stabilizing Immortal Column” were embossed in giant gold font.

The appearance of the Sea Stabilizing Immortal Columns caused energies from the area of within a thousand-meter radius to begin surging over. As they poured in, the Sea Stabilizing Immortal Columns began to shine with a brilliant sheen.

It looked majestic beyond comparison.

[The Sea Stabilizing Immortal Columns have been completed!]

Creak, creak, creak!

Beyond a series of gold shimmers, at the four corners of the Dragon Palace, several Dragon’s Gates measuring a hundred meters tall and two hundred meters wide appeared.

On the four Dragon’s Gate were two words written in giant gold font, which read “Dragon Palace.”

A blue ripple appeared in the middle of the gates, as if to create a nebulous divider.

[The Dragon’s Gates have been completed!]

Boom, boom, boom!

As the final touch, a formidable energy swirl appeared above the Dragon Palace.

Like raging floodwaters upon the release of the barrage crest gates, underwater energies within the area of a thousand miles in radius began to surge into the Dragon Palace.

The energy surge resulted in the shimmering of the more than twenty seamounts, as though they were brimming with life.

The entire Dragon Palace and its surroundings underwater were brightly lit up, while corals of assorted colors gleamed with radiance.

[The Dragon Array has been completed!]

The energy from the skies continued to be injected into the Dragon Palace, but eventually came to stabilize.

The Dragon King Hall, Dragon Transformation Pool, Dragon’s Gate, Sea Stabilizing Immortal Columns, Dragon Cave, Dragon Field, and Dragon Array had all been completed!

[Ding! The Progenitor Tree in the Dragon King has been detected. Should this be transferred into the Dragon King Hall?]

The voice from the system inquired.

“Transfer!” Wang Xian answered with no delay, despite his slight surprise.