Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 360: Vastless Sea, Establishment Of The Dragon Palace (2)

Ding!

Just as he finished his words, the jade-green Progenitor Tree that he had no use for and which had always been in his chest area in his body flew out.

The green glow that was emanated from the Progenitor Tree was brimming with vitality. For the entire tree, there was only a single branch which glowed in a greyish light.

Rumble!

The moment the Progenitor Tree appeared, the entire Dragon Palace shook. The Dragon Array was activated and intense energy was extracted from the surrounding radius of a thousand meters.

A vortex of energy formed above Wang Xian’s head once again. Feeling the dense energy within the vortex, Wang Xian was certain that if this vortex of energy were to land on him, he would be crushed to death.

All the energy flushed towards and into the Progenitor Tree. The intense energy instantly made the Progenitor Tree glow in a more dazzling green.

As the glow shone brighter, the Progenitor Tree that was just the size of a palm initially was now growing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Gradually, the Progenitor Tree grew to approximately five meters tall and the only greyish branch on it had also reached two meters. This made the entire Progenitor Tree look a little unique.

The Progenitor Tree remained suspended in the sea while rotating. Eventually, it flew towards the Dragon Throne and entrenched itself behind the Dragon Throne.

As for the branch, it was directly above the Dragon Throne.

Wang Xian was shocked to witness the change to the Progenitor Tree.

[Ding! Dragon Palace Established!]

Rumble!

At this point, peace and silence returned to the entire sea after a loud rumble propagating through the seas and the notification of the system.

However, horrifying images and scenes erupted in Wang Xian’s mind.

The majestic Dragon Palace surfaced gradually from the water surface and a Water Divine Dragon that was over several thousand meters long stared solemnly before it.

Behind it, there were countless Crawfish Soldiers, Crab Generals and various species of Dragon Palace members.

Before it, countless humans stood on a large and vast piece of land.

“Kill!”

A wave of sky shaking murderous intent filled with bloodlust swept across.

As the horrifying battle began, the Water Divine Dragon swayed its body and incited a tsunami that swept forward.

Countless incredible humans took it directly and fought with the countless members of the Dragon Palace in a gruesome battle.

At this point, the scene in Wang Xian’s mind changed.

Countless humans with incredible auras and majestic armor stood on clouds and were staring into the sea.

A green dragon and countless Dragon Palace members were waiting in the sea. Once again, an intense battle erupted between the two factions.

Fresh blood dyed the entire sea red.

In the vast sea, an Inferno Divine Dragon was swaying its huge body that spanned over ten thousand meters. Behind it, there were various fearsome looking Dragon Palace members.

Before them, there were densely packed groups of wild beasts.

Rawr! The cries of the dragon and wild beasts signalled the beginning of another bloody battle.

The scenes in Wang Xian’s mind constantly changed. Each scene was filled with blood and violence. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Among which, this blood was shed by divine dragons, dragon palace members, humans and wild beasts.

There were corpses of densely packed Zergs and a corpse of a divine dragon that was over ten thousand meters long.

There were creatures with wings that emitted light.

There were races with wings that emitted black auras and looked devilish.

There were strange creatures that were burning in flames.

There were various powerful races that roared on land, whistled in the seas and growled in space.

Other than battles, all Wang Xian could see was blood.

[Survival of the fittest! There’s no right or wrong in battles between races and battles for resources. To become an invincible divine dragon, you have to experience battles. The path to invincibility is to be laid with countless corpses.]

[The strong rule and the winners take all. Invincible divine dragon shall stand on top of the universe!]

As the images dissipated, the two messages resounded in Wang Xian’s mind and shocked him.

Amidst the images that were shown to him, some were regarding divine dragons attacking other races while others were about other races hunting and killing divine dragons.

Survival of the fittest. Resources and survival belonged to the strong. Weaklings had no right to live. They could either choose to drag out an ignoble existence or die.

Every King’s throne is built on the corpses of countless living creatures. Blood, war and destruction are inevitable!

Wang Xian’s mental state had undergone a huge transformation. The scenes and images shown to him had given him huge thoughts and feelings.

Divine dragons were the highest tier existence within the universe. At the very beginning, divine dragons had been born with destructive forces.

However, the divine dragon race had been shrinking at a horrifying pace.

The top tier bloodlines in the universe were usually few in number.

Creatures like divine dragons were powerful. However, there were also humans in the universe that could get together, Zergs that were huge in number and demon race that were made up of various wild beasts.

When their numbers reached a certain level, they could still slay a dragon.

They could still eradicate top tier bloodline existences.

This had led to the rapid extinction of many creatures with top tier bloodline in the universe.

To prevent themselves from being annihilated, divine dragons had built Dragon Palaces and developed the marine animals. Through this, they had once again regained their status as the most elite race in the universe.

A Dragon Palace was extremely important to a divine dragon.

Dragon Palaces were the reasons why divine dragons could compete for supremacy in the universe.

Wang Xian’s eyes beamed and faint majestic aura emanated from his body. He looked at the Dragon Palace below him and the information on the Dragon Palace surfaced in his mind.

Dragon Palace: Level 1

Dragon King: Wang Xian (Level 7 Five Elements Divine Dragon)

Structures:

Dragon King Hall: Level 1 (Increase Cultivation and Regeneration Speed of The Dragon King by 300%)

Dragon Transformation Pool: Level 1 (Absorb Dragon Blood to Transform into Divine Dragon, Dragon Blood: None)

Dragon Gates: Level 1 (Leap Through the Dragon Gates to Become a Dragon. Effective for Level 12 and below Creatures!)

Sea Stabilizing Immortal Column: Level 1 (Main Pillar of Dragon Palace. Ensure Stability Ten Miles Around Dragon Palace. Increase Fighting Capacity of Dragon Palace Members by 50%!)

Dragon Cave: Level 1 (Possess A Thousand Dragon Caves. 200% Cultivating Speed Within Dragon Caves!)

Dragon Field: Level 1 (Increase 100% Enlightenment Rate When Practicing In Dragon Field!)

Dragon Array: Level 1 (Level 1 Spiritual Energy Gathering Array: Increase Spiritual Energy Gathering by 100%; Water Region Array Level 1: Could Resist Attacks From Level 12 Creatures and Below)

Spiritual Item:

Progenitor Tree: Level ?? (Can Revive Level 12 and Below Creatures!)

The information on the Dragon Palace was displayed fully in the mind of Wang Xian. Level One Dragon Palace was the most preliminary Dragon Palace.

The preliminary Dragon Palace was just the model of a Dragon Palace established by the system.

Wang Xian could strengthen the preliminary Dragon Palace and build more structures.

For example, he could build a spiritual medicine garden, an elixir refining room and others.

Other than that, the Dragon Palace could only increase in level after all the structures in it had been increased to Level 2.

When Dragon King Hall increased to Level 2, cultivation speed would increase by 600%.

The materials required would be ten thousand spiritual stones and a ton of spiritual grade metal.

For the Dragon Transformation Pool to increase to Level 2, it would require ten thousand spiritual stones and a hundred tonnes of blood from spiritual level creatures.

For Dragon Gates to increase to Level 2, it would require ten thousand spiritual stones and a ton of spiritual level water attribute materials.

For each level, the effects of the structure would increase by a fold. However, the materials required greatly shocked Wang Xian.

Spiritual level materials and spiritual grade metals would mean materials and metals above Level 10.

The few requirements stated above were already insane. However, it got worse for the remaining structures.

For example, to increase the level of the Dragon Field, it would require a thousand Inborn Spiritual Weapons.

For the Dragon Array to increase in level, it would require ten Level 12 arrays.