Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3594 The power of the 3593 Dragon Palace experts

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

“Bang!”

The blood-red long belt with flames directly attacked the light giant patriarch!

“Light giant peak, exterminating all spells!”

The light giant patriarch waved his arm, and the light giant peak directly attacked the blood-red long belt!

“Boom!”

The sound of collision was heard, but the terrifying power seemed to have exceeded the light giant patriarch’s expectations. His body couldn’t help but retreat hundreds of steps!

His body retreated as if the sky had collapsed and the earth had collapsed!

“Giant Axe, open your life!”

The light giant’s leader stabilized his body and directly slashed towards Ling Honggu!

Ling Honggu’s body trembled and split into many clones, easily dodging them!

Thousands of figures from all directions attacked the light giant’s legs, body, and head!

“Giant Light Mountain, Shake!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The leader of the giant of light roared and floated it in front of his chest. A wave of energy entered his body and shook it hard!

“Boom!”

The energy pierced through the ground and landed on the ground with a terrifying sound!

“Sacred Dragon King, don’t hold back. Kill the experts of the Dragon Palace and let our disciples leave!”

The light giant felt the attack of the red spirit bone, and his face was extremely ugly!

He had used the forbidden technique with the help of the forbidden book, but he was still no match for the Red Spirit Bone. This made him feel a bit scared!

The power of this powerful warrior of the Dragon Palace was too terrifying!

He hadn’t reached the universe ruler realm yet, but his power wasn’t any weaker than a universe ruler!

One had to know that his forbidden technique could be very terrifying!

“Good!”

The Sacred Dragon King saw the Light Sound Bug clan leader and the light giant clan leader fighting desperately. He gritted his teeth and shook his huge godly dragon body as he attacked the other dragon pillar!

“The Lackey of the Angel clan, I’m Still Here!”

However, at this time, the water touch king shook his huge body. His three eyes locked onto the Sacred Dragon King and attacked him!

“Bastard, you’re courting death!”

The Holy Dragon King saw that a small war pet dared to attack him, and his face was filled with killing intent. His dragon tail swept out!

“Peng! Peng! Peng!”

However, his dragon tail and the water-tentacle King’s tentacles collided, and he did not have the slightest advantage!

Instead, the tentacles directly coiled around his dragon tail!

“Damn it, how can there be so many powerful warriors in the Dragon Palace!”

The Sacred Dragon King stared at the Aqua Tentacle King, his heart trembling violently!

“Charm, Lust!”

At this time, at the side, the battlefield between the Dragon Palace and the three races’Pinnacle Warriors!

The Charming Dragon stood at the back, holding the black spider lilies in her hand, her eyes locked onto a universe ruler level 3 warrior of the light sound bug race!

In front of her, a Devil Dragon was engaged in a fierce battle with her.

Right now, the number of Pinnacle Warriors of the Dragon Palace had the upper hand.

There were more than a dozen pinnacle warriors of the three great races being besieged by the two warriors of the Dragon Palace!

Under such circumstances, the charming dragon suddenly entered a battle. Although the expression of the pinnacle warrior of the Light Sound Bug clan was ugly, he was still prepared. Waves of energy wrapped around him, defending him from all sides!

As soon as his defense was completed, he felt a trance in front of him!

“Boom!”

In front of him, the terrifying demonic dragon claw caused his defense to collapse!

However, he had already recovered and let out a slight sigh of relief!

The strangeness of the Dragon Palace expert made his heart tremble!

“Pu!”

Suddenly, he felt his heart tremble violently. He felt a wave of destructive aura rushing into his body!

He felt his life force being destroyed crazily, and his body became weaker and weaker!

“Cough cough, cough cough!”

His mind moved, and he felt a strange shadow of light and darkness behind him!

It was the Dragonspur!

“Roar!”

The Demonic Dragon Claw descended again, making his vision go black!

“Next!”

Ao Yao’s voice sounded in the mind of the leader of the Dragonspur!

The leader nodded!

One of them performed a temporary charm while the other carried out an assassination!

With the strong warriors of the Dragon Palace in the front, it was very easy to hunt!

Ao Yao’s figure disappeared and soon locked onto another universe ruler level 3 warrior.

The strange pupils of the Dragon immediately launched a strange attack!

Weng

The strange attack was formed again!

Ao Yao’s figure appeared again!

Another universe ruler Level 3 warrior was assassinated!

“Ah Ah Ah! Be careful of the thorned dragon of the Dragon Palace, and be careful of that strange being in front of them!”

Before dying, that warrior roared with a face full of fear!

“HM?”

In the surrounding area, the pinnacle warriors of the three great races felt their companions being killed, and their expressions were abnormally ugly!

“Formation, trap, Slash, kill!”

From the side, a cold voice sounded out, and one formation after another covered a divine light dragon!

In front of the divine light dragon, countless branches surrounded it!

“Roar, Roar, Roar, no!”

Facing the terrifying attack of the branches, facing the attack of the formation from the sky formation, his face revealed a look of despair!

“Bang!”

Soon, the body of a divine dragon fell from the sky!

The Holy Dragon Bloodline, the light giant race, and the light sound insect race were trapped in a dead cycle!

Every expert was killed, and the three races lost one peak expert!

On the Dragon Palace’s side, one expert was freed!

Every time a dragon palace expert was freed, another expert would fall into a desperate situation!

“Law form, Frost Dragon Wing Slash!”

In the center, bei Shuang’s body was emitting a terrifying aura as she attacked a light giant!

A Dragon Wing formed from Frost appeared on her body and kept attacking her body!

Even if the mutated Divine Dragon’s realm wasn’t high, it could easily suppress someone of the same level!

In a one-on-one situation, northern frost could completely suppress someone of the same level!

“Sou Sou Sou Sou!”

At this moment, terrifying arrows shot towards the peak expert of the light giant race!

The speed of the arrows was extremely terrifying. Under the Frost, the speed of the light giant was greatly restricted!

“Hou Hou!”

He let out a wild roar and hurriedly raised his arm to block!

“Sou Sou Sou Sou!”

However, at this instant, countless arrows landed on his arm!

His arm slowly split apart until it completely collapsed!

“Hou Hou!”

Northern Frost spat out a mouthful of frost on his body, causing his body to slowly freeze!

“Peng Peng!”

The arrow landed on his body, causing it to slowly crack open!

Weird mental attacks, array formation attacks, powerful close combat, terrifying defense, and precise long-range shooting!

The Dragon Race of the Dragon Palace displayed terrifying combat strength!