Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3600 3599 tai chi dragon plate breakthrough

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian and all the disciples of the Dragon Palace had returned!

This time, they returned with a full load!

“Bring all the resources over. Use all the corpses to enhance the strength of the disciples of the Dragon Palace!”

When Wang Xian returned, Prime Minister Gui rushed over immediately and instructed him!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

Buzz

At this moment, an lie also rushed over with Ling Honggu.

“Thank you, Princess Honggu. I Won’t trouble you with the rest of the matters!”

Wang Xian thanked Ling Honggu!

“Compared to you helping me obtain such an inheritance, my help is nothing. We have exterminated so many experts from the three major races this time. The other party will not let this matter rest, right?”

Ling honggu smiled and continued, “Especially since they have the backing of the angel race. They should have other tricks up their sleeves!”

“Half of the six major races have been destroyed. Our Dragon Palace can handle the situation on our own.”

Wang Xian smiled and spoke with some confidence!

The improvement this time was huge. Even if they were to gather six more races, the Dragon Palace alone would be able to handle it!

“I’ll stay in the Dragon Palace for the time being. I’ll need at most a thousand years of accumulation before I reach the level of the Master of the universe. After I advance, I’m afraid I won’t be able to interfere. I’ll leave after a thousand years!”

Ling Honggu said to Wang Xian!

“HMM, that’s good too!”

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and nodded his head!

With Ling Honggu around, the Dragon Palace would have an additional layer of protection!

A thousand years was nothing to powerhouses like them!

“An lie, bring Princess Ling Honggu to a place where she lives on the Dragon Peak. If Princess Ling Honggu needs anything, you can tell the disciples of the Dragon Palace directly. Also, can you see if there’s anything you need from the darkness-attribute treasures that you obtained this time?”

Wang Xian said to her!

“Alright!”

Ling Honggu nodded with a smile!

An Lie, who was at the side, brought her to the place where they were staying.

Wang Xian sat on the Dragon Chair and opened the universe’s AI to take a look!

The universe’s AI was extremely lively now. The news of the Dragon Palace attacking the Holy Dragon lineage, the giant of light, and the light sound bug race, as well as killing a large number of their experts, was extremely popular!

Everyone was guessing how strong the Dragon Palace was!

Some of the powerful disciples said that the Dragon Palace might be the hope for the rise of the Divine Dragon Tribe!

There were all kinds of flattery!

In short, this battle shocked all the powerful experts of the races!

With such strength, who among the high-level races would be able to compete with the Dragon Palace?

The world that was recognized as the strongest high-level race technology might be able to suppress the Dragon Palace!

However, apart from them, was there anyone else?

Almost none!

However, among the many pieces of news, Wang Xian discovered a faction. It could not be said to be a faction, but a region!

There were discussions among the strong disciples. Currently, compared to the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace, the world of Technology and the invincible zone were the only two possible powers!

Later on, there were strong disciples who broke this discussion!

The Invincible Zone could not be considered as a faction. It was merely a region!

Wang Xian naturally understood the power of the technological world!

This was the most powerful race in the universe that focused on technology. It was also the only technological race in the heaven splitting and primal continent!

The strength of this race was extremely terrifying. There were all kinds of technological weapons and technological items!1

There were even experts from the peak races who bought technological items from them!

The technological world was known as the strongest high-level race!

They didn’t know exactly how strong they were, but no power dared to provoke them!

It was his first time hearing about the invincible region!

Using the Universe AI to investigate, he understood some of it!

The Invincible region was the name of a region!

Because it was a place where Pinnacle Universe Knights trained and wanted to break through, there were many pinnacle universe knights within, hence it was called the invincible region!

It was invincible among those below the peak-level races!

Not to mention, there were also peak-level universe knights from peak-level races training there!

The Invincible Zone lived up to its name!

“Dragon King, all the treasures are gathered here!”

While Wang Xian was looking through all kinds of information, prime minister GUI came over with all the resources for this battle and reported to him!

“Okay!”

Wang Xian turned off the universal AI. He was only a little curious about the invincible zone and did not take it to heart!

If he wanted to break through, he needed resources, not battles and battles!

Looking ahead, there were a large number of treasures placed in the Dragon King’s Hall!

Wang Xian’s gaze swept over as his eyes sparkled!

There was one innate supreme treasure, the pair of horns on the head of the tribe leader of the hissing light bugs!

Other than this one innate treasure, there was nothing else.

However, there were a lot of innate spiritual treasures, more than two thousand of them!

After all, it was normal for the experts of the Lightsong tribe, the Holy Dragon lineage, and the giant of light tribe to have one or two or even more innate spiritual treasures!

In terms of resources, it was much less than what Wang Xian had imagined!

Wang Xian flew over and counted the resources. He frowned slightly.

It was much less than the resources obtained by the demonic beasts in the sky plant tribe!

The main reason was that these resources were mainly obtained from the divine kingdoms of the powerhouses of the giant of Light Tribe! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Most of the treasures and resources of a high-level tribe were gathered in the hands of the tribe leader!

The resources of the powerhouses of the giant of light and the resources obtained from the god Herder tribe might not be enough for Wang Xian to make a breakthrough!

However, even if it was not enough, it might still be able to reach about 90% !

“Although I can’t achieve a breakthrough in my strength, there are too many innate spiritual treasures. Will it be enough for the Taiji Dragon Plate to achieve a breakthrough?”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

When he was exterminating the heaven plant demonic beasts, Wang Xian had obtained a large number of innate spiritual treasures with wood-elemental and five-elemental attributes. There were more than 800 of them!

This allowed the great grinding of the five elements to gain a lot of improvements!

However, this time, he had obtained more than 2,000 of them!

Among the three major races, there were more than 1,000 universe masters and above with combat strength. All of them were of the light attribute!

These innate spiritual treasures should be able to evolve after being devoured by the Tai Chi Dragon Disc!

If the Tai Chi Dragon Disc could evolve, then Wang Xian’s strength would reach a terrifying level!

The Tai Chi Dragon Plate had the characteristic of a curse and could reflect attacks!

Once the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was upgraded, Wang Xian could almost ignore the attacks of ordinary masters of the universe!

At the level of a level three master of the universe, he was completely invincible!

No one could break through his defense and attack him, but he would still suffer a huge backlash. This was what masters of the universe could do. They couldn’t do much against Wang Xian!

After all, Wang Xian’s strength was already comparable to a master of the universe!

“I can let the Taiji dragon plate absorb it. The possibility of a breakthrough is very high!”

Wang Xian mumbled as his eyes sparkled!