Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 361: Horrifying Creatures Besieging The Dragon Palace (1)

A thousand pieces of the Inborn Spiritual Weapons, and the Level 2 Dragon Array? I haven’t heard of them before!

With regards to the Spiritual Grade Metal and materials...we do have some Spiritual Grade Metal for now, which is the rod owned by Roving Heavens, which weighs 500 kilograms!

Next comes the formidable Spiritual Stones. A hundred thousand of them are required in order to upgrade a building. Are there even that many Spiritual Stones on this entire Earth?

Wang Xian listened with a burdened look. But, as the Dragon Palace came into sight, he cast all doubts to the back of his mind and dived excitedly towards the Dragon King Hall.

Bam!

However, he was resisted by a powerful force as he was descending into deeper waters. In fact, the resistance propelled Wang Xian’s body backwards.

“Oh, to think I’ve forgotten about the Dragon Array’s effects!” Wang Xian squeaked in embarrassment. The Level 1 Dragon Array consisted of two Formations, namely the Spiritual Energy Gathering Array and the Water Region Array.

The Water Region Array could prevent trespassing of creatures below Level 12.

Now that the Formations had been activated, even Wang Xian would only be able to enter via the Dragon’s Gate.

Should creatures below Level 12 wish to enter the Dragon Palace, they could only do so by leaping over the Dragon’s Gate. And for those which succeed, they would either possess the bloodline of the Divine Dragon or other powerful forces, or display innate talent.

Hence, the Dragon’s Gate had the gift of being able to sieve out innate talents of creatures. However, as a Level 1 Dragon’s Gate, it was only effective in handling creatures below Level 12, while those beyond would be able to barge through based on their combat capabilities. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Moreover, as the Dragon King, Wang Xian held control over the choice of creatures which could make it past the Dragon’s Gate.

Upon arrival at the eastern Dragon’s Gate, the gate appeared sturdy and majestic, given its massive size of a hundred meters tall and two hundred meters wide.

Wang Xian leaped across the gates excitedly.

Behind him was a crowd of Dragon Palace members, who looked on with zest as though they were worshipping him, while they followed along.

This place would soon become what they called home, and also the territory which belonged exclusively to them.

As all Dragon Palace members possessed Wang Xian’s bloodline, they too were able to enter the premises, unhindered by the Dragon’s Gate.

Once in the palace, Wang Xian looked around at the pillars which stood at a hundred meters tall, and noted the Divine Dragon motifs of various elements on them.

Despite his body length of seven meters while in dragon form, the place looked nonetheless spacious and awe-inspiring.

Along the left and right were the multiple seamounts which had shifted over earlier, now beautified by the assorted corals growing on them.

The only pity was that most of these seamounts were merely ornaments, as only two out of all of them had been transformed into Dragon Caves.

The grounds of the Dragon Palace were made up of one massive sturdy rock. As Wang Xian willed in his heart, he reverted to his human form.

Now that he had transformed back into a human, the entire palace seemed all the more colossal and regal, enough to impress and shock.

This was no doubt the most sublime Palace to ever exist in the world.

As Wang Xian took in a deep breath, he could feel a boost to his Dragon Energy. The entire Dragon Palace brimmed with ample Spiritual Energy, thanks to the effects of the Spiritual Energy Gathering Array.

As he walked further inwards, he arrived at the Dragon Field. Over here, one could double their efficiency of cultivation regardless of technique practiced.

Multiple weapon racks lined the left and right of the Dragon Field. It remained a pity though, as there were currently no weapons on them.

Wang Xian proceeded further inwards and walked for a whole ten minutes, before he sighted the Dragon Cave on the right.

The Dragon Cave was meant as the place of residence and cultivation for the Dragon Palace members. Living inside could help them reduce the time required to evolve by two-thirds.

Hence, it was the place to accelerate the combat abilities of the Dragon Palace members.

“There are only a thousand rooms in one Dragon Cave. Ten thousand Spiritual Stones will be required for the addition of another Dragon Cave while a hundred thousand will be required to upgrade the cave’s level!” Wang Xian contemplated to himself.

The Dragon Cave was no doubt pivotal to the Dragon Palace members. However, given that there were currently less than a thousand members, one Dragon Cave would suffice for now.

That said, there was still a need to construct more Dragon Caves, should the number of henchmen increase in the future.

Wang Xian continued forward. The Dragon King Hall, also the largest building within the Dragon Palace, emerged right ahead.

To enter the Dragon King Hall, one must climb up nine steps, where each was half a meter tall.

With one leap, Wang Xian entered directly into the Dragon King Hall. With a heated gaze, he looked intently at the golden Dragon Throne which stood at three meters tall.

And although it stood at a moderate three meters, the golden Dragon Throne spanned an overwhelming fifteen meters wide. This was enough for Wang Xian to rest atop in his Divine Dragon form, or even lay spread out.

Step by step, Wang Xian walked ahead. On both sides of the hall were many stone benches about five meters wide, meant as the seats for the Dragon Palace members.

As he arrived at yet another nine steps, Wang Xian eyed the Dragon Throne ahead before making his way up and sitting on the center of the throne.

“Greetings, Dragon King!” the crowd of Dragon Palace members behind called out to Wang Xian respectfully, as they remained below the steps.

“Umph!” Wang Xian acknowledged with an air of prestige. As he sat on the throne, all the Dragon Palace members came into clear sight within a single glance.

Thereafter, he stood up to look at the Progenitor Tree behind him. The fresh and green Progenitor Tree brimmed with life while it exuded mysterious powers.

With a faint smile, Wang Xian cast his gaze further back.

It was where the titanic Sea Stabilizing Immortal Column had rooted itself within the Dragon Palace. At a staggering two hundred meters, it bore the words “Sea Stabilizing Immortal Column” in huge gold embossments, which shone in gold flickers.

Whereas towards the far end of the Dragon King Hall were nine pillars, each with a Divine Dragon motif, belonging to the nine elements respectively.

The heads of the dragons were all pointing to the same direction below, where a huge crater stood empty without a single trace of dragon blood.

An area further behind had been sealed off by a range of seamounts.

All in all, the Dragon Palace occupied a space of ten kilometers in radius. Filled with endless miracles, it boasted the utmost extravagance and radiated magnificence.

Wang Xian returned to the front of the Dragon Throne, where he stood with a stirring of exalted emotions.

This was his very own Dragon Palace, a Dragon Palace of the Divine Dragon!

The Dragon Palace has been built using merely ten thousand Spiritual Stones, along with some other materials. This is no doubt a benefit provided by the system. The ten thousand Spiritual Stones aside, the structures within the Dragon Palace would have required at least hundreds of thousands of Spiritual Stone alone.

Wang Xian thought to himself as he looked around. The construction of a Level 1 Dragon Palace was considered a benefit by the system.

That said, given that the system emphasized consistent upgrading of combat abilities through one’s own means, this could also be the one and only time when it granted such a benefit.

However, Wang Xian had no clue as to the disasters which this benefit would bring him.

The construction of the Dragon Palace had sapped all energy within the surrounding area of a thousand meters in radius.

Meanwhile, along the surface of the seas, a huge island sat, surrounded by four other islands.

Surprisingly, the archipelago could not be seen from the outside, as if it had been hidden in another dimension!

In the center of the island were numerous cultivation rooms. The experts residing inside were startled when the Dragon Palace was being constructed.

Flying hurriedly out of their rooms, they suspended themselves in mid-air with heavy looks on their faces, as they stared in the direction of the Dragon Palace.

“What’s that? Why does it possess such a threatening stance?” one asked.

“Such powerful energy, how terrifying. What exactly has happened? A creepy sea monster? Or a formidable treasure?” the second added.

“Or the emergence of another Ancient Clan?” the third suggested.

As the rain fell on them, it splattered off in reflex; their eyes glistened as they looked on in disbelief.

“A horrifying underwater creature, or...?” another uttered.

At the same time, within the area of a thousand miles in radius, on the floating island of the Sacred Seas of Swords, an elder balanced atop a Spiritual Sword. As he stood, he looked on in the same direction as the others with a face of utter astonishment.

They were completely shocked by the sheer force of energy!

Howl, howl, howl!

Within the same moments and parameters, the various formidable clans, each with a territory of their own, had also experienced a loss of energy while detecting the prominent Spiritual Energy which had gathered in the direction of the Dragon Palace.

To which, the creatures menaced as they growled in the seas.

With their mammoth bodies and perilous stance, the creatures dashed for the Dragon Palace underwater with icy stares.

The newly constructed Dragon Palace was about to welcome its first crisis, a huge calamity in fact.

The system had brought along a major challenge to the Dragon Palace, though assisting with its construction as a benefit.

Guarded against harm, the Dragon Palace shall remain. Failing this, the Dragon Palace shall perish.