Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3602 3601 invincible pride

Who Dared to say invincible? Who Dared to say invincible? ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

In this universe, no one dared to say invincible, no one dared to say invincible!

Especially for those below the universe ruler realm!

The invincible territory was a name for a domain!

To be able to name a place with the invincible territory, one could imagine how powerful this place was!

Some people said that there were no invincible enemies in the world!

However, invincible beings below the level of universe masters should be in the invincible region!

Those who came here were all great beings who had been at the pinnacle level of universe knights for a very long time!

In order to break through, they entered this invincible region and pursued their breakthrough!

In this place, great beings with level-two combat power as universe masters were just children!

They weren’t qualified to speak!

There were at least 1,000 universe knights from Pinnacle Races!

They were all looking for a chance to break through!

There were more than 10 pinnacle races, and their bloodlines, inheritances, and physiques could help them advance to the Universe Knight Realm!

In other words, the core disciples of the pinnacle races.

Even if they didn’t have much resources, even if they didn’t have many opportunities, they could still reach the Pinnacle Universe Knight realm after cultivating for around 10 billion years!

The accumulation of time was enough for them to make up for the lack of resources!

This was the huge advantage of the core disciples of the Pinnacle Races!

However, despite their advantages, if they wanted to break through to the universe ruler realm, the advantages of the pinnacle races weren’t much higher than those of the great beings of the mutated high-level races!

However, every pinnacle race had some treasures that could increase their chances of breaking through!

However, this improvement was also limited!

This caused many great beings of pinnacle races to desperately seek the path to the universe ruler realm!

Some came to the invincible region to fight and spar with great beings of the same level, and they even improved themselves!

Because the lives of great beings at the pinnacle of the Universe Knight realm were very long, there were many, many great beings at the pinnacle of the Universe Knight Realm in the Invincible Region!

It formed a special region, the invincible region!

In the invincible region, there were also some powerful opportunities!

These opportunities were enough to tempt Pinnacle Universe Knights!

The Invincible region was huge and vast!

Within the crack in space, there were many horrifying broken God countries supporting it. Some of the god countries were shining like the sun, illuminating this space!

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

An archangel with twelve wings was flying at high speed in the Invincible Zone!

There were more than twenty places where experts gathered in the invincible zone!

These places were divided into more than twenty broken divine kingdoms!

And the one flying in the invincible zone was Baili Archangel!

He looked at the place in front of him. It was a dark and strange area, covered by a green and blood-red light!

It was filled with darkness and strangeness!

Baili Archangel flew forward. The dark energy on his body shone like a bright lamp!

However, he did not hide his aura at all. His arrival immediately attracted the attention of many powerhouses in front!

At the center of the darkness and strangeness was an extremely dilapidated area. It was filled with dilapidated buildings and some strange broken statues!

At the very center stood a tall tower!

This was an extremely tall tower. On top of the tower, there was a statue of an eye!

The entire statue of an eye was emitting a green light. From Afar, it looked somewhat terrifying!

And on top of this tower lived a powerhouse.

A very famous powerhouse in the invincible region!

It was called the Black Tower Magus!1

The Magus lineage belonged to the peak race!

However, the Magus lineage was very special. Many of them were lonely explorers, pursuers of the truth of the universe!

Researchers of Laws!

Magi liked to research, liked to explore alone!

The Magus lineage, they passed down their heritage in the manner of a teacher!

The ancestral magi were the core of the Magus lineage!

The Wizard clan was very general. Although they were a peak race, only when they reached the level of ancestral wizards could they enter the core of the Wizard clan.

Ancestral Wizard Tower!

The Wizard clan was not like other races, and was completely different from the Angel clan of the Divine Dragon Clan!

In the universe, there were only a dozen known ancestral wizards!

It was very difficult to become an ancestral wizard!

Of all the cultivation systems in the universe, the Magus lineage was the most difficult!

It was difficult to cultivate, and difficult to break through!

But at the same time, the strength of the Magus lineage was extremely terrifying!

If a magus were to attack after setting up a formation, they would be able to block four or five, or even more!

Of course, there were Magi who specialized in the physical aspect!

But when a Magus reached the level of an ancestral magus, the curse of the formation and the physical body would all be involved!

The longer a Magus lived, the more terrifying they would become!

This was because their accumulation was extremely deep!

Magi usually occupied a large portion of Magi of the same rank!

Even the Great Angel Baili had to admit it!

As a peak race of angels, he had no confidence in dealing with an ancestral magus of the same rank!

In the case of a life-and-death battle, the possibility of him being killed was very high!

This time, under the orders of the third prince, he came to the invincible region to invite powerful beings to deal with the Dragon Palace. The first person he thought of was this Black Tower Magus!

The Black Tower Magus was very powerful. He had a battle record!

He single-handedly fought against three fire phoenixes and three peak universe knights of the Black Tortoise race, and defeated them!

He even killed a black tortoise with powerful defense!

This was when the Black Tower Magi did not set up a formation beforehand!

Among all the races, the black tortoise race was known as the race with the strongest defense!

For him to be able to kill a black tortoise expert in a one-on-six situation, one could only imagine his strength!

In the invincible region, there was an unspoken rule that life and death were determined by fate and wealth!

Once one stepped into this place, regardless of the peak race or background, one would be killed!

The reason why there were such rules was because those who stepped into this place were experts who had been unable to break through in the outside world and wanted to break through here!

If an expert had a powerful background and others did not dare to engage in a life-and-death battle with him, but avoided him the moment they met him, how would he be able to break through?

He had come here to fight and break through. If an expert from your race died, would your race come here to take revenge?

Who would still play with the disciples of your race in the future?

Not to mention, the disciples of the peak races would also fight and kill!

The battles here had nothing to do with race, but with individuals!

If you were strong, you would be strong!

If you were weak, then you would die!

Natural selection. The Great Beings above the universe ruler realm could not make a move!

The arrival of the Great Angel Baili was like a bright lamp in the dark night. However, after sensing its power, some of the great beings around did not pay too much attention to it!

The surrounding great beings were all existences that could step into the universe ruler realm at any time. They would not fear a universe ruler level one great being because of this!

They could not be fearful because they wanted to break through!