Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3603 3602 invincible region’s three great experts

“Whoosh!”

Baili Archangel flapped his wings and quickly flew towards the towering Magus Tower!

His speed was very fast. He ignored the surrounding gazes and stared at the residence of the Black Tower Magus!

“Whoosh!”

Very quickly, he arrived in front of the Magus Tower and stopped about 100 million kilometers away!

Above the Magus Tower, there was a circular fortress!

On top of the fortress, there was a huge eye that was emitting green and blood-red light!

He stopped in the air and looked at the Magus tower in front of him. There was no movement at all, and he frowned slightly!

“Buzz!”

His 12 wings lightly trembled, and a wave of energy rushed towards the surroundings!

The power of light spread towards the Magus Tower!

“Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!”

However, at this moment, a green light swept towards the surroundings from the top of the Magus Tower!

That incomparably large eye slowly focused on the body of the Archangel!

At this moment, the heart of the Archangel suddenly tightened, and a sense of threat enveloped his heart!

He seemed to have heard the chanting around him!

He could feel countless eyes staring at him from all directions!

At this moment, he actually felt a sense of death looming over him!

“As expected of a Magus from the black tower, to be able to bring me such a strong threat of death!”

Archangel baili stared at the circular castle of the Magus Tower and said with a grave expression!

The experts of the invincible region were indeed not to be underestimated!

Some old monsters had lived much longer than Archangel Baili!

There were even some old monsters that had lived for around 20 billion years!

These old monsters had not broken through for a long time, but they were trying to increase their strength!

They had all sorts of strange methods!

Even if it was a universe ruler level Archangel Baili, he would still be careful!

Take the Black Tower Magus in front of him!

Archangel Baili was certain that if he dared to attack him here, it was not certain who would die!

After all, this was the nest of the Black Tower Magi, surrounded by all sorts of strange formations!

“An Archangel, I wonder why a Little Magus like me is here!”

A door opened in the center of the Magus Tower Fortress, and an old man slowly walked out!

The old man had green pupils, and a pair of blood-red wings on his back!

The other places looked ordinary!

He was the famous wizard of the Black Tower!

An Archangel had come in person, and a wizard of the Black Tower who was only at the peak of the Universe Knight Realm still had to be respected!

Regardless of background, the other party’s strength was enough to make him meet!

“Under the orders of our third prince, we have come to invite the Black Tower Magus to assist a few high-level races and destroy a force!”

The Archangel, Baili, did not hide anything and spoke directly!

“The third Prince of the Angel Race? The Angel of Light?”

The Black Tower Magus was a little surprised to hear the words of the Archangel, a powerhouse from a peak race actually came to find him to take action.

“That’s right, our peak race can not interfere in matters of a high-ranked race. Tell me what you want, our third prince can give it to you!”

The Archangel looked at the Black Tower Magus and continued speaking!

The Black Tower Magus stared at the Archangel, his green eyes flashing with light!

He made a request to the third Prince of the Angel Race!

The third Prince of the Angel Race had an incomparably noble status, and was not an ordinary existence!

This was the second generation of the universe!

“I can make a move, the 12 wings of the universe ruler’s realm Dark Angel!”

The Black Tower Magus pondered for a moment, his eyes flashing as he spoke!1

“HM?”

Baili’s archangel frowned slightly when he heard his request.

He knew that the Black Tower Magus would definitely make a condition, because no one at this level could resist such a temptation!

But this Black Tower Magus’offer wasn’t small either!

The 12 pairs of wings of the ruler of the universe, the Dark Angel, was a treasure!

It was no less than a connate cardinal treasure!

“I’ll tell our third Prince your offer!”

Baili immediately took out the universe AI and sent the Black Tower Magus’offer!

“Weng Weng!”

At the same time, at the center of Dragon Island and Dragon Island.

The third prince stood quietly in front of the pillars where the divine dragons were.

Beside him, the Green River Phoenix was also standing there!

The third prince frowned slightly when he received the message from Baili’s Archangel.

A Universe Dominator’s realm and the twelve wings of the Dark Angel were very precious!

However, he immediately responded!

“A universe Dominator’s realm and the twelve wings of the Darkness Angel in exchange for the help of a powerful warrior. It’s really difficult to invite a powerful warrior from the Invincible Region!”

He spoke indifferently and looked at the water phoenix beside him!

“Your people are too useless!”

The Green River Water Phoenix glanced at him and said indifferently!

“It’s not that my people are useless. It’s that the strength of the Dragon Palace is indeed beyond our expectations. If nothing unexpected happens, it won’t be long before a universe Dominator Realm Warrior is born in the Dragon Palace!”

The third Prince opened his mouth and stared at her, “I’ve already paid a lot, whether the heart of Light and darkness is in there is still uncertain. Qing Jiang, you have to do something.”

Qing Jiang Water Phoenix stared at him, her eyes slightly flickering, “I’ll find you a master from the Invincible Region.”

“Who?”

The third prince stared at her and asked!

“The Supreme Water Demon King!”

The Green River Water Phoenix replied!

“I’ve heard of him. Is there anyone else?”

The third prince nodded and continued to ask!

Those who he had heard of were all top-tier existences in the Invincible Zone!

“No one. My subordinates only know this one.”

The Green River Water Phoenix shook her head!

“Okay!”

The third prince didn’t continue to make any requests and nodded!

He immediately passed this news to Archangel Baili!

“If we say that the Dragon Palace has given birth to a divine dragon at the realm of the ruler of the universe, it is also good news for us!”

After a few minutes of silence, the Green River Water Phoenix spoke!

“The elf race has some interaction with the Dragon Palace!”

The third Prince added indifferently!

This caused the Green River Water Phoenix to frown slightly and did not say anything!

“Alright, our third prince has agreed!”

At the same time, within the invincible region, the Great Angel Baili received a message from the third prince and replied to the Black Tower Magus in front!

“Alright!”

The Black Tower Magus revealed a smile. “Which force to destroy? If it’s too weak, then it’ll be meaningless!”

“Dragon Palace, the other party has two experts who can instantly kill a universe overlord rank 3 expert. I’ll continue to invite experts. You’re the first. The second great water demon king has already agreed. Find another one. Do you have any recommendations?”

Bailie Archangel asked him! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Oh? They can instantly kill experts of the same level? Interesting, interesting. I want one of them!”

The Black Tower Wizard’s eyes shone as he said!