Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3606 3605 invincible region’s reputation

“Alright, two of you, after destroying the Dragon Palace, you can fight at will!”

Baili looked at the Black Tower’s Magus and the supreme water demon king, slightly frowning as he spoke.

At the same time, he was also somewhat shocked by these old perverts of the Invincible Region!

The supreme water demon king had mutated twice!

What kind of concept was this?

Once mutated, it was comparable to a peak race. Twice mutated, it was equivalent to the mutated experts of their angel race!

Their angel race was also a mutated great being, known as the fallen angel.

The supreme water demon king had mutated twice, and it was enough to fight someone at his level!

And the Black Tower Wizard and the old scholar were not afraid of him at all. One could imagine how powerful they were.

An old monster was indeed an old monster!

He had only been stuck at the Pinnacle Universe Knight Realm for a few hundred million years before he broke through, and he had never experienced such a situation before!

He had never expected that they would be able to contend against him at the Pinnacle Universe Knight Level!

Now, he finally understood why this place was called Invincible region!

At the very least, at the level below universe ruler, Invincible region was an invincible existence!

The Great Beings here were too terrifying!

This made him think that there were many space beasts living in invincible region, and these space beasts had powers that were no weaker than theirs!

It could be imagined that the space beasts in the invincible zone were also very terrifying!

“Lead the way. I want to see what kind of experts have appeared outside.”

The Supreme Water Monster King waved his hand and said directly.

He didn’t put the Baili Archangel in his eyes at all!

He just put him in the same position!

The Baili Archangel also put away his pride, nodded, and flew out!

“Little ones, today I will go out and meet some experts. When I return, I will bring some divine dragon meat for you to taste. hahaha!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After flying out of the palace, the supreme water demon king laughed maniacally!

His eyes were filled with madness!

“Sou Sou Sou!”

His voice resounded through the entire void space as demonic beasts flew over one after another. Seven to eight of them were emitting terrifying auras!

“The demon king will definitely return triumphantly, killing the enemy and taking his head!”

“The demon king will definitely return triumphantly, killing the enemy and taking his head!”

One Demon Beast after another roared loudly!

“Hahaha!”

Tai Shui Demon King laughed maniacally!

He followed behind Baili Archangel and quickly disappeared!

“Maniacs, they all seem to be maniacs. It’s been a long time since they broke through to the universe ruler realm, causing their minds to go crazy. Such existences, either break through or go crazy!”

Seeing this, Heavenly Angel Baili thought to himself!

He suddenly remembered something about the invincible zone. When he had come here, his father had warned him not to invite some lunatics from the Invincible Zone.

Because they were truly lunatics!

These lunatics could be regarded as space beasts.

Because their behavior and style were like wild beasts!

Now that he thought about it, that was indeed the case!

This water demon emperor was probably not far from such a stage!

Time could wear down anyone.

To be able to cultivate to the pinnacle of a universe knight, even if one wasn’t extremely talented or possessed great wisdom.

But to reach this stage, if one didn’t break through within a billion years or two billion years, the long river of time would wear down one’s wisdom and wisdom!

One had to break through or go crazy!

The two people he invited were normal, but the one the third prince asked him to contact was a bit abnormal!

Buzz1

Four figures flew quickly in the invincible zone. One year later, they flew out of the Invincible Zone!

“Next, you will assist the experts of several high-level races to attack the Dragon Palace together. Two of them can instantly kill A Level 3 universe dominator. Your role is to kill them.”

After flying out of invincible region, Great Angel Baili said to them!

“There’s no need for assistance. The three of us are enough to kill them!”

Supreme Water Demon Emperor said directly!

“The other side has two very powerful great beings and more than 50 universe rulers with level-three combat power. The three of you can’t do it!”

Great Angel Baili said straightforwardly!

“Huh?”

The Black Tower Wizard raised his eyebrows slightly when he heard this number!

There were so many experts on the other side, they were indeed not good enough!

“That’s simple. I’ll go challenge the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Give me a confinement circle, and I’ll kill him!”

Great Water Demon King said straightforwardly.

“Let’s move together!”

Great Angel Baili looked at him and frowned slightly. He took out three feathers and said, “Follow me back to our Holy Mountain of light first, and then we’ll move out!”

Although the Supreme Water Monster King and the others were very stubborn, they didn’t refuse and crushed the feathers.

Archangel Baili smiled and sent a message to the third prince. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly!

In the next moment, they disappeared!

Soon, their figures slowly appeared on a mountain peak of the Divine Mountain of light!

“The three of you wait here.”

The Great Angel Baili spoke to the three of them and stood there quietly!

The Great Aqua Demon King and the other two were very well-behaved on the Holy Mountain of light!

After all, this was the territory of the peak races. If they were arrogant, they wouldn’t even know how they died!

“Great Angel Baili!”

Soon, the Sacred Dragon King, the Patriarch of the shepherds, the patriarch of the light giant, and all their experts rushed over!

This time, all the Great Beings of the six great races had arrived!

Among the six great races, there were more than 120 great beings with the Combat Power of universe masters at level three!

After losing more than 50 Great Beings, there were still 71 Great Beings left!

This time, not a single one was left, and all of them had arrived!

And at this moment, there was an archangel as a guest in their nest!

With such a powerful expert guarding the place, it was extremely safe!

“En!”

Baili looked at them and nodded indifferently!

Beside them, the Black Tower Magus, the Taishui Demon King, and the old scholar also glanced at the Sacred Dragon King and the others!

At the same time, the Sacred Dragon King and the others also looked at the Black Tower Magus Trio!

“What powerful strength, what a terrifying aura!”

The Sacred Dragon King and the others swept their gazes over. The Black Tower Magus’strange green pupils looked at them, causing the Sacred Dragon King’s body to tremble slightly as he transmitted his voice to the patriarch and the others!

The patriarch and the others nodded in agreement. The strength of these three strange experts was extremely terrifying!

In fact, their auras weren’t the slightest bit weaker than that of Archangel Baili!

“Too weak!”

Supreme Water Demon King glanced at the Sacred Dragon King and said in disdain!

“Weng!”

As soon as he finished speaking, a figure slowly appeared in front of them!

The figure’s Aura was revealed, and everyone in the area felt their breathing slow down as a terrifying power pressed down on their bodies!

“Greetings, third Prince.”

The Sacred Dragon King, Patriarch of the god-herding clan, and the others immediately knelt on the ground and bowed respectfully!