Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3609 3608 invincible zone experts had come out!

The Supreme Water Demon King of the Invincible Zone was going to fight the Dragon King to the death?

When this news spread out, it caused quite a stir. At first, in the heaven opening primal continent, gradually, experts from the invincible zone also learned about it!

In fact, the number of experts in the invincible zone now exceeded the imagination of ordinary people!

The Invincible region was originally a battlefield between a group of great beings at the ruler level and a space beast!

In that battle, both sides were fighting to the death because of the innate ability of the space beast and the space left behind by the Godly Nation of a great being at the universe ruler level!

The Great Beings who died came from the pinnacle race, the immortal nation!

It was said that more than 200 Great Beings at the universe ruler level and above had died!

Many of them were not only at the universe ruler realm, but also had extremely powerful existences!

And the number of space beasts that had died there was more than 100, a race of Space Beasts!

Later on, because of time, a large number of desolate beasts were born there. Those desolate beasts were attracted by the flesh and blood of the Space Beasts!

Over time, there were many desolate beasts in the invincible region. Because of the flesh and blood of the space beasts, they mutated and gave birth to many universe masters with level three Combat Power!

The invincible region was discovered about 20 billion years ago. As more and more great beings entered, there were now more than 5,000 universe masters with level three Combat Power!

Among them, 60% were universe knights at the Pinnacle Level from Pinnacle Races!

There were not many pinnacle races in the universe, but there were also quite a few, more than a dozen of them.

The core disciples of pinnacle races could usually reach the pinnacle of universe knights as long as they had the time to accumulate their power.

Some core disciples who couldn’t make a breakthrough stepped into the invincible region.

They fought and killed!

In fact, the experts of these peak races rarely returned to their own races!

Breaking through was their biggest obsession!

After more than 10 billion years of accumulation, some died in battle, some left after breaking through, and there were more than 5,000 experts who lived in seclusion in the invincible zone!

There were all kinds of races!

Some ancestors of other high-level races also lived in seclusion and fought to seek a breakthrough!

When Supreme Water Demon Emperor challenged Dragon Palace, the leaders of these high-level races would also report this news to their ancestors!

Supreme Water Demon Emperor was definitely the number one figure in the invincible region!

He occupied a territory, and he even nurtured 10 universe masters with level 3 battle power, and his disciples reached a million!

He could be considered an exception in the invincible region!

But his power was beyond doubt!

Many great beings knew that this guy had undergone two mutations!

If it weren’t for the fact that other races didn’t have his cultivation path and bloodline cultivation path, he would have been recruited by the pinnacle race long ago!

His two mutations were comparable to the level of a mutated pure-blooded godly dragon!

Take the Phoenix race for example. If their race gave birth to a mutated ice phoenix that was stuck at the Pinnacle Universe Knight level for a long time, the race would give them enough resources without having to fight for a breakthrough in the invincible region, they could make a breakthrough!

It was even possible for a being above the ruler level to help you make a breakthrough!

This was the power of mutation!

A high level race that had mutated twice was comparable to a pinnacle race!

The supreme water demon king was very strong. In the invincible region, only a few lunatics would dare to say that they were stronger than him!

Some real lunatics!

Some of the old monsters in the invincible region received the news from their own race’s disciples, their eyes shining!

They immediately searched through the universe AI. When they saw the evaluation of the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King, they were surprised!

The Dragon King had the ability to kill a level 3 universe overlord in an instant?

This made them very surprised!

Other than some old monsters who couldn’t break through and tried to increase their strength, under normal circumstances, they would first break through!

Breaking through was much more fragrant than trying to increase their strength!

“No matter what, this is very interesting. Tai Shui Demon King and such a powerful battle, we can go and see if we can comprehend some of it!”

An extremely old old man looked at the information of his clan’s disciples and murmured!

“Eh? “Brother Arrow, look at the news from our Elf clan. The Supreme Water Monster King wants to challenge the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace in the outside world. The Supreme Water Monster King’s strength is very terrifying. What’s more interesting is that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has our clan’s companion Elf!”

In a void forest in the invincible zone, all kinds of trees were rooted in the void. It looked very chaotic!

An Elf said to an elf with a bow on his back in front of him!

“Huh? The Supreme Water Monster King is challenging people in the outside world, and he has our companion elf? Is He a companion elf?”

On the opposite side, the middle-aged elf named Arrow heard it and had a surprised look in his eyes!

What was the concept of a companion elf?

Having a companion elf was equivalent to a mutant expert belonging to another race in the ELF race.

He was definitely a royal elf!

If he had a companion elf, the Queen of the Elf race would personally help him break through!

“Yes, another lucky person has obtained the favor of a companion Elf lord outside, and our elf race has also helped him with some things. The other party is the last hope of the Divine Dragon Race, shall we go and see his strength?”

The Elf said!

“Let’s go. The supreme water demon king has mutated twice, so his strength is absolutely terrifying. However, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has our companion Elf, so he is definitely not weak. Let’s Go and watch this battle!”

The arrow light did not hesitate at all, and the two figures immediately disappeared!

They were not the only ones from the Elf clan. The elves from other places in the invincible zone also rushed over with great interest!

They weren’t the only ones. There were also many experts in the invincible zone who knew about this news. For example, the experts from the other peak races!

In the invincible zone, the experts from the peak races had a good relationship with their own people. They would also communicate with each other!

Therefore, the experts from other peak races immediately rushed over!

An existence at the level of the Taishui Demon King was a peak expert in the Invincible Zone!

In the battle between experts at such a level, they might be able to gain some insights and make some breakthroughs!

To them, this wasn’t just a Show!

As the Supreme Water Demon King was challenging the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, this caused many old monsters to come out of the invincible zone and rush towards the Dragon Palace!

At the same time, in the Dragon Palace located in the water in the sky, Wang Xian’s face was filled with astonishment when he received the news!

The Taishui Demon King?

A top-notch expert in the Invincible Zone?

An old monster from tens of billions of years ago?

What was that?

Why did he challenge me? RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Did he send me resources?