Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 362: Horrifying Creatures Besieging The Dragon Palace (2)

The vast oceans were over two times the size of the land and filled with mysteries.

The area of the Eastern Sea reached over 770,000 square meters. It was even larger than some countries.

When the Dragon Palace was established, it absorbed the spiritual energy and other energies from the surroundings that spanned a radius of a thousand meters. This attracted the attention of all the creatures in the vicinity.

Within the thousand meter radius, there was a region filled with coral reefs. It was the territory of a ginormous octopus race with huge tentacles.

From that region, a horrifying octopus that was over twenty meters long swam swiftly towards the Dragon Palace by swaying its huge tentacles.

To its left and right, there were four to five huge octopuses that were over fifteen meters long. Behind them, there were twenty-odd giant octopuses.

They were entirely red in color with huge and bright eyes. Below them, their rows of razor-sharp teeth gave off an eerie glow.

This type of ginormous octopus was also known as King Cuttlefish.

There were myths recorded about these King Cuttlefish in the history of the Western world. They were the famous Krakens who were able to easily capsize a ship.

The squadron of King Cuttlefish approached the Dragon Palace at high speed. Subconsciously, they felt that there would be treasures beneficial to them in that place.

This originated from the instincts of living creatures.

A hundred miles away from the King Cuttlefish, a group of enormous sharks were also swimming towards the Dragon Palace.

Sharks were known to be at the top of the food chain in the sea. However, great white sharks that were known to many were just small animals compared to these enormous sharks.

The shark that led the pack had a huge head that took up one-third of its entire body.

However, the most terrifying part of it was its teeth. It was incomparably large and each tooth was the size of a small child.

Its mouth was exposed and one could easily see the shreds of meat that remained between the teeth.

This shark was over eighteen meters long with a layer of thick fish scales. It constantly emanated strong barbarous and remote vibes.

Other than this huge shark, there were a dozen-odd more sharks around it.

Among which, the most attention grabbing one was a shark with a single eye. Its eye was incomparably huge and was half a meter in size.

The single eye was right above the mouth and made the shark look dreadful and eerie.

The eye was completely black as though it was the depth of the abyss.

The Cyclops Shark swam in the middle of the school with the largest Mega Teeth Shark.

To the East of the Dragon Palace, there was only a single organism swimming rapidly towards it.

However, this creature possessed horrifying wings. That’s right! Those were wings! With just a slight movement, it was propelled forward by several thousand meters.

What was most dreadful about it was its size. The body was approximately thirty meters long and could match the largest creature in the seas, the blue whale.

An ancient barbarous and remote vibe emanated from this horrifying body. It appeared to be from a long time ago and possessed a terrifying aura.

The ancient creature, Pliosaurus!

The Pliosaurus wiggled its wings and dashed over two thousand meters forward. Right ahead of him, a school of tiger whales appeared suddenly.

Tiger whales were the strongest known race on Earth. They were daring enough to attack any creatures including the blue whale.

For the portion of the seas that humans knew about, they were the strongest existence.

However, when this school of tiger whales felt the horrifying aura from behind them, they immediately swam away in horror.

Crack crack crack!

However, the Pliosaurus accelerated at this instant. Its huge seven meter mouth bit onto one of these tiger whales and swallowed it whole.

Ka ka!

In another bite, it devoured another tiger whale before swimming in the direction of the Dragon Palace once again.

To the North of the Dragon Palace, creatures with huge heads and armor-like exteriors were approaching. Instead of having teeth, they had two long bony blades that extended from their jaws.

These bony blades were just like the scythes of a reaper. They were razor-sharp and could cut, tear and crush any objects.

They were the Dunkleosteus race from historical times.

Different races were swimming towards the mysterious Eastern Sea due to the appearance of the Dragon Palace.

Other than these creatures, there were also Anomalocaris that spanned two meters and had two huge front limbs. [1]

Over a hundred Anomalocaris were moving rapidly on the surface of the sea.

There were also huge sea pythons that were over twenty meters long. The skin of these huge sea pythons appeared incomparably tough.

There were also swordfish that were over two meters long and gave off a metallic shine. At the tip of their heads, there was a long and sharp edge that appeared extremely unique.

In addition, there was also an extremely huge blue whale that was swimming towards the Dragon Palace.

An ordinary blue whale could grow to over thirty meters long. It was the largest known creature across the land and seas. Some of these whales could even reach the size of some ships.

However, the level of this blue whale was still a long distance away from other marine races.

At this instant, Wang Xian wasn’t aware that these creatures were swimming furiously towards the Dragon Palace from all directions.

He was standing within the bedroom for the Dragon King, or his personal room.

The bedroom of the Dragon Palace was situated on the main peak. It was carved out from the peak that was over two hundred meters above the bottom of the sea.

The entire bedroom was huge and spanned over two thousand square meters.

Among which, Wang Xian was most satisfied with that large bed.

As the most elite race that existed, the divine dragon had naturally witnessed countless cultures. The bedroom of the Dragon Palace would naturally have a bed.

Moreover, this bed was extremely huge, luxurious and soft.

The entire bed spanned thirty meters and was round in shape.

Other than the bed, the bedroom had almost everything other humans would require.

This greatly piqued the interest of Wang Xian.

Based on the legacy of the divine dragon, Wang Xian learnt that human-form creatures were the largest race in the entire universe. Many races and creatures could transform into human form.

Gradually, they would pick up some habits of humans!

What a big bed! This is going to be great!

Wang Xian looked at the incomparably huge bed. He sat on it and was satisfied with how soft the surface was. If this...

Wang Xian beamed. At the thought of Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue who were still above the sea’s surface, he revealed a thrilled expression.

Hehe!

Wang Xian couldn’t hold back his laughter. I’ll bring them over tomorrow and we definitely must make the best use of this bed to have an enjoyable night!

Grr grr!

However, just at Wang Xian closed his eyes and let his imagination run wild, a roar propagated throughout the Dragon Palace.

He was taken aback.

“Dragon King, there’s another marine race approaching our Dragon Palace.”

At this moment, the voice of Prime Minister Turtle reached Wang Xian. Wang Xian raised an eyebrow, got up and headed towards the highest point of the main mountain peak.

At this place, there was a platform with a radius of a hundred meters. Standing there, he could overlook the entire Dragon Palace.

“Huh? That is...?” Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

At this instant, Prime Minister Turtle and the Dragon Palace members were standing on top of their Dragon Caves and looking in the direction of the Southern Gate of the Dragon Palace.

In the Southern direction, a huge group of King Cuttlefish were wiggling their huge tentacles as they swam towards the Dragon Palace.

Endnote:

[1] Anomalocaris was a shrimp-like organism that went extinct.