Sweat, Strength, Success
0:00 / 1:07

3613 3612’s second ghost clone

Three Dark Angels were killed, a demon was killed, and an expert of the Dark clan was captured alive!

It seemed a bit dramatic in such a short time!

However, this dramatic scene often happened!

Five experts died in their arrogance!

They had stayed in the invincible zone for a long time. In order to break through, they had tempered their invincible hearts, but they lacked respect!

At the same time, they had also underestimated the Dragon Palace!

After the formation disappeared, the expert of the Dark clan was suppressed by the expert of the Dragon Palace!

“Eh? Where are the five of them? Why did they suddenly disappear?”

“Was that a formation? What happened to the three Dark Angels and the Dark Clan? were they killed by the Elves?”

“No, this is not the invincible zone. The elves can’t just kill them!”

Many experts from the invincible zone had gathered around the Dragon Palace to watch the battle between the Supreme Water Monster King and the Dragon King!

There were at least a hundred of them!

The three dark angels and the dark demon flew toward the Dragon Palace, and they all saw it!

Especially the murderous aura released by the Demon Aksu. It was obvious that there was a conflict!

As a result, the Dragon Palace was covered by the array. After a few seconds, Aksu and the others had disappeared?

“Our Dragon Palace doesn’t care where you come from or how powerful you are. You are forbidden to enter within two billion kilometers of our Dragon Palace. Otherwise, you will die together with the three angels, one demon, and one dark clan powerhouse.”

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded around the dragon palace and entered everyone’s ears!

When the experts of the invincible zone heard this voice, their faces were filled with astonishment!

“What? Aksu’er Cao and the others were actually killed? Their strength isn’t weak!”

“It’s a formation. This Dragon Palace has a powerful wizard. TSK TSK, it seems that this dragon palace is indeed not simple. No wonder the Tai Shui Monster King challenged the Dragon Palace’s Dragon King!”

“Impressive. He killed Aksu and the other five experts in such a short time. This dragon palace is very powerful. I wonder if the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace has made a move yet!”

“The terrifying formation combined with the strength of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, it’s normal for him to kill Aksu and the others!”

Some of the old monsters in the invincible region who knew Aksu and the other two dark angels were discussing calmly!

As for their deaths, these old monsters didn’t take it to heart!

Aksu and the other three weren’t weak in the invincible zone, but they couldn’t be considered as experts!

Compared to the top-tier experts of the invincible zone, such as the supreme water demon king, there was a huge gap!

However, they completely agreed with the strength of the Dragon Palace!

Among the old monsters from the Invincible Zone who came to watch the battle, there weren’t many who were stronger than Aksu and the others!

After the Dragon Palace displayed such powerful strength, they retreated obediently!

After all, this was the territory of the Dragon Palace. They were already considered a provocation here. Even if you were an expert from a peak race, the Dragon Palace could still kill you!

The group of experts retreated consciously! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They were here to watch the battle. They couldn’t involve themselves in it!

“Everyone from the Elf tribe, come to our Dragon Palace and have a seat!”

After dealing with the five reckless fellows, Wang Xian invited the dozen or so experts from the Elf tribe.

“Haha, Alright, Alright. We’ll be disturbing you then!”

The dozen or so elves nodded their heads!

Wang Xian smiled and brought them in. He asked the Dragon Palace to prepare some food to entertain them!

After chatting with them for half a day!

“Dragon King, some of these elves have a strong killing intent while others have a strong sense of obsession. No wonder there are old monsters in the Invincible Zone who have gone crazy. They are both terrifying and crazy!”

The elves were brought around by Lady Ao. Prime Minister Gui said to Wang Xian!

“Indeed, their minds have changed!”

Wang Xian nodded. This group of elves was different from what he had seen.

If all the experts of the ELF race were like this, then the experts of the darkness-elemental race should be even crazier!

“Time can wear everything down!”

He couldn’t help but say!

Even if you are at the peak of the Universe Knight Realm, if you don’t break through, your personality will change!

Even if you are at the universe ruler realm, you will have the end of your life!

Even if you are above the ruler realm, you will die!

“There are so many experts from the invincible region gathered around. It seems that the supreme water demon king should be here. Send the experts from the dragon palace to warn the surroundings!”

Wang Xian reminded Prime Minister Gui!

Prime Minister Gui nodded!

“Suppress that underworld race expert over here!”

Wang Xian ordered one of his subordinates in the Dragon King’s Hall!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Soon, the ten masters of the Dragon Palace with level 3 combat strength suppressed the Hades expert!

Wang Xian waved his hand at them and arrived in front of the Hades expert!

With a wave of his arm, he broke the suppression restriction around him!

Buzz

However, just as he was about to resist, the Taiji dragon coiled around him.

“Ah, what is this? What is this?”

The Netherworld Race’s powerhouse looked at the tai chi dragon coiled around him with fear in his eyes!

From what he could sense, this tai chi dragon coiled could easily destroy him!

Buzz

Wang Xian controlled the tai chi dragon coiled and a wave of dragon’s might crushed towards him!

“Ahhhh!”

This caused him to let out a scream!

“Soul Catcher!”

Wang Xian’s mind moved and he activated the Soul Catcher’s power!

Buzz

“Get lost!”

“Huh?”

The Soul Catcher failed. Wang Xian frowned slightly.

“The strong ones of the Netherworld race belong to the soul. It’s normal for the soul catcher to fail. The fastest evolution speed of the Netherworld race is to devour!”

As he muttered, the Netherworld Ghost Avatar appeared beside him!

“Hades’Avatar? How is this possible? How can you have an Hades’Avatar?”

An unbelievable voice came from the Hades’powerhouse. However, Wang Xian ignored him!

“Devour him!”

Wang Xian’s mind stirred. His avatar was about to devour the Hades’Powerhouse!

With the suppression of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate, he had no way of resisting!

“Ahhhh!”

Miserable screams rang out continuously.

“Soul Catcher!”

“Soul Catcher!”

Wang Xian kept trying his soul catcher. Finally, when the Hades Avatar was devouring half of his body, the soul catcher succeeded!

“It’s a pity that my original body is not of the Hades race. The energy that I’m devouring can only be stored by the Hades avatar. It Won’t be of much use!”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself!

The Netherworld Ghost Avatar of the Netherworld race required resources to be fed. For example, this Netherworld race expert in front of him required a huge amount of resources to nurture four Netherworld Ghost Avatars!

It could be said that while others increased the difficulty by one, he increased the difficulty by four times!

There were disadvantages to having good friends!

Usually, the Netherworld race experts would nurture two to three avatars. It was rare to see four avatars!

In addition, the embryo of the avatars of the Dark clan was not so easy to obtain. It was a very rare and precious treasure!