3615 3614 mutated divine dragon vs two mutated demon kings

“Bzzz bzzz!”

In front of the river of eternity, the Black Tower Wizards, the Supreme Water Demon King, the old scholar, and the Sacred Dragon King were rapidly approaching the Dragon Palace!

Seeing that they were about to reach the Dragon Palace’s territory, the light giant tribe leader, the shepherd God tribe leader, and the Sacred Dragon looked at each other!

“My Lords, according to the information we received, there is no movement from the Dragon Palace. They probably didn’t take the challenge of the Great Aqua Demon King too seriously. In order to prevent them from running away when they see us, we suggest that the black tower wizards and the old scholar stay behind and don’t go over!”

“There must be a spell formation in the Dragon Palace. The Black Tower Wizards can break the spell formation in secret. After that, we can kill our way over and completely suppress the Dragon Palace!”

The Sacred Dragon King suggested to the black tower wizards, the Supreme Water Demon King, and the old scholar!

“I don’t care, it’s up to you. But I want the dragon head of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!”

“I want the dragon meat on his body too!”

The Monster King of the Taishui River said nonchalantly!

“Sure!”

The Black Tower Wizard did not reject the words of the Sacred Dragon King and the others. To destroy the Dragon Palace, they had to at least have some strategy!

If they escaped and the third prince blamed them, they would also have to bear the responsibility!

They could not afford to offend the third prince!

“No Problem!”

The old scholar hesitated for a moment and nodded!

“Alright!”

“Those two lords, let’s slow down a bit!”

The Sacred Dragon King said!

“There’s no need to slow down. If it weren’t for you bunch of trash, I would have arrived half a year ago!”

The Supreme Water Demon King said loudly. His speed suddenly increased by a lot, and he wasn’t any weaker than a true universe ruler!

When the Sacred Dragon King and the others saw this, their expressions became slightly unsightly!

The old scholar and the others smiled faintly!

If it wasn’t for the fact that the Sacred Dragon King and the others were too slow, they would have arrived long ago!

And in the invincible region, the experts that had already arrived arrived arrived because they were much faster than the Sacred Dragon King and the others!

The Supreme Water Demon King’s speed increased explosively, and he flew towards the Dragon Palace at a terrifying speed!

He didn’t conceal his aura at all.

Waves of terrifying pressure rushed toward his surroundings!

Blue light circulated around his bull-like head!

Boom! Boom! Boom

He was already very close to the Heavenly River. In less than a minute, he had arrived above the heavenly river!

“HMM? That’s? What terrifying power! The supreme water demon king is Here!”

“Hiss, the supreme water demon king, it’s the supreme water demon king, he’s Here!”

“Will the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace accept the challenge? This is an old monster from tens of billions of years ago, an expert of the Invincible Zone!”

“I heard that the experts of the invincible zone often fight to break through, and their strength is extremely terrifying!”

When the supreme water demon king rushed over, some of the experts of the invincible zone around the Heavenly Heng River looked over in surprise!

The Supreme Water Demon King was definitely the number one expert in the Invincible Zone!

“Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, come out and face your death. Hahaha, I’m here to challenge you today. Have you washed your neck?”

The supreme water demon king rushed over and the surrounding seawater rolled with him. He stared at the Underwater Dragon Palace and roared loudly!

“Is this the power of the Supreme Water Demon King? How terrifying!”

“Hiss, look at the water of the Heavenly River. It’s actually controlled by him. It’s too terrifying!”

“My goodness. A few days ago, when I came here, I sensed that the experts around me were very terrifying. I thought that those experts who should be from the invincible zone were already abnormal enough. I didn’t expect this to be even more unfathomable!”

“F * ck, this power… This power… when an archangel of the angel race fought with the space behemoth of the Heavenly River, I felt that the Archangel was only so powerful!”

Around the Milky Way, the date of the Taishui Demon King’s challenge was getting closer and closer!

Some powerful disciples from other races also came to watch!

When they arrived, they felt that there were many terrifying existences around the Milky Way! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

These existences made them shudder!

But compared to the TAISHUI demon king who rushed over, the TAISHUI demon king was even more terrifying!

This reminded some of the terrifying existence that they had sensed in the river of eternity — the Archangel!

At that time, the might of the Archangel was only so-so!

“Is this the old monster from the Invincible Zone?”

Some of the strong disciples from different races mumbled!

“Huh? He’s Here?”

At the same time, in the Dragon King’s palace located in the Dragon Palace, he sensed the might that was coming from outside. His eyebrows twitched slightly!

Wang Xian had also obtained some information about the supreme water demon king from the dozens of elves!

The strength of a twice mutated powerhouse was extremely terrifying!

His body moved and he immediately flew out!

At the same time, the powerhouses of the Dragon Palace also flew out when they heard this arrogant voice!

At the position where the group of dragon queens were cultivating, bei Shuang and the rest were chatting and playing with the group of master’s wives. When they heard this sentence, a fierce look flashed across their eyes!

Her master was not someone that a mere demon king could provoke!

Not far away, Ling Honggu, who was chatting with Xiao Yu and Fan Qinglan, also had a flash of red light in his eyes. He gestured to them and immediately flew out!

Wang Xian flew out of the Dragon Palace and looked in front of him!

“Dragon King, be careful!”

At the side, more than ten elves flew over and reminded him!

“Of course, Dragon King can choose not to accept the challenge. He can just use a formation or get the experts of the Dragon Palace to gang up on him and kill him. However, you have to be careful that he gathers his descendants!”

One of the Elves suggested with a smile!

Wang Xian nodded with a smile. He stared at the figure in front of him!

Boom

The taishui demon king who was flying over landed in the water in front of him. His entire body grew rapidly. In just a few seconds, his size had increased by a few thousand times!

“Come out, You Little Dragon Cub. Do you want me to call you a second time?”

The Taishui Demon King continued to roar arrogantly at the Dragon Palace!

“Boom!”

At the same time, he raised his fist. The Endless Water of the Milky Way gathered around his fist and headed straight for the Dragon Palace!

The terrifying torrent of his fist caused all the water in the river to flow to both sides!

This attack was so terrifying!

Wang Xian looked over and frowned slightly!

This water demon king was too arrogant!

He had to die!

“You’re courting death. How dare you provoke our Dragon King!”

“Little Demon King, how dare you come to Our Dragon Palace to court death!”

“Ugly Freak, I greet your entire family!”

The experts from the Dragon Palace who flew over from behind cursed angrily!

“You are not qualified to challenge my master!”

At this moment, bei Shuang, who was standing at the side, looked at the terrifying torrent of water fists and shouted with a face full of killing intent!

She also clenched her fists and charged forward!

With a wave of her hand, everything in front of her was frozen!

It was as if she had entered the Ice River World in an instant!

“Master, let me challenge him!”

Bei Shuang’s figure appeared beside Wang Xian and spoke!