3634 At the 3633 auction

The fruits on the ancestral tree were emitting a rich energy!

The ancestral tree was now filled with fruits.

There were soul-returning fruits, endless fruits, nirvana fruits, and so on. Each of them had more than a thousand of them!

Especially the soul-returning fruits. They were definitely the most precious treasures in the universe!

“The seed of advancement has also undergone a huge change. The improvement of the ancestral tree has greatly shortened the time it takes for the seed to grow. Now, it can mature after a million years!”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. His eyes were filled with excitement.

A million years was not a long time for a high-level race or an expert. It could even be said to be very short!

And the Dragon Palace could produce a seed of advancement within a million years. What kind of concept was that?

A hundred million years could produce a hundred masters of the Universe Overlord Realm in the Dragon Palace.

100 might not seem like a lot, but one must know that these seeds could be used by the warriors of the Dragon Palace who had difficulty advancing!

If the Dragon Palace had developed for 10 billion years, then the Dragon Palace could produce 10,000 universe ruler Realm Warriors!

This number was terrifying! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

In addition to the warriors of the Dragon Palace who could break through on their own, there were even more!

There was another prerequisite for this. Under the current situation of the ancestral tree, if the Dragon Palace had the opportunity to improve once again, the ancestral tree would absorb a huge amount of energy and the time needed for the seed of advancement to be born would be shortened once again!

The seed of advancement was definitely a rare treasure!

“In the current Dragon Palace, even if the experts from the angel race were to charge over, they would still be able to put up a little resistance. Of course, it would only be a little resistance.”

Wang Xian muttered to himself as a smile appeared on his face!

The current Dragon Palace was getting stronger and stronger!

After checking all the buildings in the Dragon Palace, the ancestral dragon lineage had completely integrated into the Dragon Palace!

From then on, the ancestral dragon lineage had completely disappeared.

The strength and foundation of the Dragon Palace had received a huge increase!

Take the level three masters of the universe as an example, there were already 175 of them!

175?

What kind of concept was that?

Just a few of them could wipe out a high-level race!

As for those who were comparable to a true universe dominator, there were three of them, excluding Wang Xian!

Bei Shuang, Xiao Yu, and Fan Qinglan.

One Frost Divine Dragon and two bone dragons!

As for the Water Touch King, he was currently absorbing the energy of the supreme water demon king. He should be able to recover soon!

After he recovered, the Dragon Palace would have a universe ruler level Space Beast!

Currently, the power of the Dragon Palace was extremely terrifying!

However, it was still much weaker than a pinnacle race, even the weakest pinnacle race!

According to the information on the Universe AI, the weakest pinnacle race had a few hundred universe ruler level warriors!

No one knew the exact number!

In the following time, the six million disciples of the ancestral dragon bloodline started to turn into pinnacle dragon species!

The number of the Dragon Palace’s army was expanding rapidly!

Two years was very short in the inner part of the heaven opening primal continent.

Two years was enough for a large number of experts from the inner part of the continent to come. Some pinnacle races and experts from the invincible region could also come!

The auction of the Dragon Palace caused a huge commotion!

The auction of a connate true treasure, such a level of treasure, was something that even universe masters from peak races coveted!

Especially the experts from the peak races of Light and darkness!

At the same time, it attracted a large number of experts from the invincible region!

Among them, there were many old monsters on the level of the old scholar and the Supreme Water Demon King!

When there was still a month before the auction, there were already experts who came to the surroundings of the river of eternity.

“It seems that there will be many experts from different races coming this time. I wonder how many experts from the peak races who are masters of the universe will come!”

Wang Xian stood in the Dragon Palace. With a wave of his arm, everything in the river of eternity was displayed in front of him!

This was the investigative power of the Dragon Palace. It could cover the entire river of Eternity!

“It will definitely attract many masters of the universe to come. There are also many masters from the Invincible Zone!”

Prime Minister GUI smiled and said, “Currently, our auction venue has been set up. Dragon Palace, do you want to bring out some of our special treasures for auction?”

The special treasures mentioned by Prime Minister Gui were the fruits on the ancestral tree!

Soul-returning embryo fruit, endless embryo fruit, nirvana thunder embryo fruit, ordinary embryo fruit, and so on. These fruits, especially those of the soul-returning embryo level, were definitely extremely valuable!

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and swept his gaze across the fruits on the ancestral tree.

“Let’s decide based on the number of strong cultivators who are coming. If there are more strong cultivators coming this time, we can sell one soul-returning embryo fruit!”

He thought for a moment and replied!

The fruits were very precious, but selling one wouldn’t be a problem!

After all, although these life-saving treasures were precious, powerful high-level races and peak experts all had them!

It wouldn’t be a problem for the Dragon Palace to sell one!

Of course, if the outside world knew that the dragon palace had thousands of fruits, even peak races would disregard the rules and directly destroy the Dragon Palace!

Treasures of this level were too precious!

“Also, let me inform you that if any powerhouse wishes to sell an item for auction, you can entrust it to us for auction. We will take a 5% commission!”

Wang Xian spoke to Prime Minister Gui!

There might be many powerhouses coming this time. Many of these powerhouses had useless treasures. If they wanted to auction, the Dragon Palace could provide them!

Of course, the Dragon Palace could also earn a large amount of commission!

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister GUI nodded and immediately flew out!

Weng

Soon, at the side of the Dragon Palace, there was a huge auction site!

Around the site, sky array and the others had set up a large number of arrays!

The harvest this time had increased the number of level 3 universe Dominators to 15!

15 level three universe Dominators with level three combat strength could set up a formation that could trap and kill a true universe dominator!

The auction of the Dragon Palace had to be guaranteed this time!

It was to intimidate those who didn’t know the difference between life and death!

In addition, Wang Xian was prepared to have 100 level three universe Dominators from the Dragon Palace to guard the surroundings when the auction began!

This was also to prevent accidents from happening!

At the same time, it was also a deterrent to other forces!

A line of words was suspended above the auction. The general meaning was that the dragon palace would be taking over the business of the auction!

“HMM?”

Around the river of Everlast, some of the powerhouses from the forces that were closer to the Dragon Palace had arrived ahead of time.

Their eyes flickered slightly when they saw this message!

However, they weren’t too surprised.

It was normal for the Dragon Palace to accept the auction.