Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 365: Brutality and Death (1)

Wang Xian’s face contorted as he heard the echoes from the Pliosaurus. He spun his head around to check his surroundings.

Meanwhile, up to five thousand terrifying creatures which formed several formidable clams surrounding Wang Xian looked on by the sides with icy stares.

But their eyes glistened at the sound of the Pliosaurus.

The leaders of each clan possessed extreme wisdom, and they could tell that this Pliosaurus, though horrifying, was no match for them.

And yet, amongst all of them, no one except the Pliosaurus was able to break through the defense up ahead, to make it inside the space which they so desired.

Howl, howl!

The Mega Teeth shark, which measured eighteen meters long, roared at its neighboring Cyclop Shark, as though the two were communicating.

Howl, howl!

Immediately after, the two giants let out another growl, before they attacked in the direction of the Dragon Palace members, including Prime Minister Turtle and Roving Heavens.

The school of Dunkleosteus hesitated as they looked on by the side. However, when they saw the Mega Teeth Shark race attack, they too joined in the fight.

As the two powerful races joined forces, the creatures of the remaining races procrastinated no further. In an instant, the looming crowd of haunting creatures sieged towards the Dragon Palace.

While two other weaker clans, namely the Swordfish, which glowed with a metallic sheen, as well as the Anomalocaris, did not join in the siege. Instead, they stared at the Dragon Palace with glistening eyes.

Given that their toughest members were but Level 11 combatants, these two races thus could not compare to the stronger Mega Teeth, Dunkleosteus and King Cuttlefish!

All Dragon Palace members, including Prime Minister Turtle, Roving Heavens, Roving Yaksha, Roving Girl and Roving Lobster, responded with a heavy look, at the sight of the formidable creatures which were coming at them from all sides.

“Kill!” Roving Heavens growled in a low pitch. As he did, he raised his rod and glared fiercely in the direction of the Dunkleosteus.

There were three Level 12 combatants amongst the school of Dunkleosteus.

Howl, howl!

Roving Yaksha roared. “Kill them!” he continued. Raising his weapon-like arm, he lashed out at the Mega Teeth Sharks with an apathetic look.

Slithering their thick bodies, the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes looked on indifferently at the bunch of Deep-Sea Pythons, of which four had made their way over to Roving Yaksha and Roving Heavens.

With a heavy look, Prime Minister Turtle landed on the seabed floor, as the surrounding crust began to tremor.

And so did Roving Lobster and Roving Girl.

“Charge!” they shouted. Right now, with no room to retreat, they could only battle it out. And it was either kill or perish.

Even though there were eight Level 12 creatures amongst the terrifying mass, Prime Minister Turtle and gang would nonetheless battle them the best they could, putting their abilities to the test. After all, they were now boosted by the energy from the Dragon Palace as well as the Divine Dragon Transformation.

Boom!

Howl, howl, howl!

The real battle would break out at any moment, as the opponents lurked. The giant sharks, each measuring over ten meters, the Deep-Sea Pythons, measuring over twenty, the King Cuttlefish as well as the school of Dunkleosteus, which all spanned over a dozen.

Every one of them was a lot larger than the Dragon Palace members.

On the other hand, the Devil Monkeys oozed a devilish aura, and at this moment their population of seven hundred did not appear to be too many.

Moreover, most of the Devil Monkeys were below the Inborn level.

“Be off and die!” Roving Heavens roared. Thereafter, his body mushroomed and grew up to about seven meters. He looked on emotionlessly, while his body blazed with devilish aura.

As he swung his metallic rod, Roving Heavens took aim before striking it at the Level 12 Dunkleosteus with no holds barred.

More than a hundred Devil Monkeys behind him leaped forward and thrust themselves onto the Dunkleosteus.

Bang!

Surprisingly, as the huge rod landed forcefully on the head of the Dunkleosteus, it clanged as though metals had crashed against each other.

The head of the fish was merely dented as it looked up at Roving Heavens with icy stares. Swaying its tail, the fish opened its mouth the widest it could before charging at Roving Heavens with frightening speed.

“Scram!” Roving Heavens scowled as he stabbed his rod towards the Dunkleosteus’ mouth.

Creak!

However, in that instant, the Dunkleosteus bit into Roving Heavens’ rod using its powerful Megalodon teeth.

Face sullen, Roving Heavens tried to withdraw his rod, only to discover in shock that it had been gnawed on deeply, and would not budge.

The biting force of the Dunkleosteus was no doubt unrivaled.

Howl, howl, howl! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Just then, the tribe of Devil Monkeys started to battle the tens of Dunkleosteus behind.

The sharp claws of the monkeys mauled the bodies of the fish.

As for the weaker monkeys, they could only manage several bloodied scratch marks on the fish.

Creak, creak, creak, creak!

Suddenly, with a shift in stance, several Level 11 Dunkleosteus sank their teeth into a couple of Devil Monkeys.

A clear crisp sound came crackling, as the bunch of Devil Monkeys were bitten in two.

In an instant, blood splattered everywhere, dyeing the surrounding waters crimson.

Howl, howl!

Roving Heavens snarled with a grimace, having lost several descendants in the flick of an eye. As he snapped, he let go of his rod and dived straight at the Dunkleosteus.

It was all or nothing!

Howl, howl!

The Dunkleosteus released the rod and raised its head before it started to chew at Roving Heavens’ arm.

The Megalodon Teeth had barely bitten onto a small piece of Roving Heavens’ arm but managed to tear off a huge chunk of flesh in the blink of an eye.

To which, Roving Heavens glared with bloodshot eyes.

Creak, creak, creak!

Howl, howl, howl!

Chilling screams and sounds of spines breaking hovered in the waters. All around, tens of weaker Devil Monkeys had perished upon the initial collision.

Only two of the Dunkleosteus had gone belly up after getting mobbed by the Devil Monkeys.

Alongside that, the Yaksha Clan too had met with a formidable opponent. Even as they joined forces, tackling the Mega Teeth Sharks remained no easy feat.

This was especially so in the case of the Cyclop Shark, which proved to be a handful. As its eyes darted shots of black Demonic Aura, it pierced right through the bodies of two Yakshas.

Blood spurted everywhere. In retaliation, Roving Yaksha howled in an angry outburst and led a group of Yakshas with their Sea Spears, before charging at the dozen or so Mega Teeth Sharks.

It was miserable, utterly anguishing.

Within a mere one minute of exchanging hands, more than a hundred Dragon Palace members had lost their lives.

This placed the Devil Division and the Dragon Guard Division at a blatant disadvantage.

The Nine Venomous Sea Snakes were the only ones with the upper hand amongst all Dragon Palace members.

With the bloodline of the Wind Divine Dragon, their combat abilities were naturally much stronger than ordinary creatures.

Their fighting skills only got better, aided by the energy boost by the Dragon Palace.

They moved quick as lightning, forming shadows as they slithered amidst the battlefield while attacking the Deep-Sea Pythons.

Boom!

Suddenly, the bodies of the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes briefly twitched while they were thrashing it out with the twenty-plus Deep-Sea Pythons.

To which, twenty of the pythons froze for a moment as they struggled. Soon after, they turned around and began sinking their fangs into their five Level 11 and 12 comrades.

[Nine Venomous Sea Snakes: Level 11]

[Art of Cultivation: Wind Dragon Transformation]

[Superpower: Ability to manipulate snake clans of Levels lower than oneself, and the ability to control the winds]

The ability to manipulate and control, as descended from its bloodline, had finally revealed its miraculous effects at this instant.

Never had two Level 12 and three Level 11 Deep-Sea Pythons ever expected to be attacked by their own underlings.

In an instant, blood spurted on all ends!