Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 366: Brutality and Death (2)

Sss sss sss!

The five Deep Sea Pythons were attacked by five Venomous Sea Snakes. Together with the surprise attacks from their subordinates, the bodies of these five Deep Sea Pythons were ripped apart.

Blade after blade of Wind sliced through them.

Bam!

The five horrifying Deep Sea Pythons finally met their end as they sank to the bottom of the sea.

Leading the twenty-odd remaining Deep Sea Pythons, the five Venomous Sea Snakes swam towards the Dunkleosteus race and the Mega Teeth Sharks.

The pressure on the Devil Division, which had suffered heavy losses, was finally relieved a little. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

However, the battles were still extremely brutal. Devil Monkeys were falling each moment.

The Dragon Guard Division that was fighting the Mega Teeth Sharks was also facing the same predicament.

For every shark they killed, they would have to sacrifice several Patrolling Yakshas.

Below them, the King Cuttlefish race had surrounded Prime Minister Turtle.

Streams of poisonous fog had completely shrouded the Prime Minister Turtle and their horrifying tentacles had gripped tightly onto Prime Minister Turtle.

However, Prime Minister Turtle had retracted his head and limbs back into his turtle shell. He lay on the seabed and still maintained his attacks by controlling earth and using Earthy Thorns.

At the same time, he manipulated the earth below him and was digging a huge hole.

Prime Minister Turtle constantly released Earthy Thorn and his aura to suppress the King Cuttlefish.

This squadron of King Cuttlefish was infuriated. They were determined to kill Prime Minister Turtle after receiving the orders from their leader of the King Cuttlefish.

Sss sss sss!

At this moment, the three leaders of the Dunkleosteus race started noticing the number of their kind dwindling rapidly. Subsequently, they let out a furious cry.

The strange fish that had gathered around acted like they had received an order as several thousands of Level 7 and 8 strange fish charged towards the battles frantically.

They were just like piranhas that had picked up the scent of blood as they went on a rampage.

Far away from these battles, the Swordfish race that had a metallic shine and the blue Anomalocaris race retreated further.

They appeared to possess extraordinary intelligence.

Other than these two races which had not entered the battles, all the other races and horrifying creatures were killing the members of the Dragon Palace.

Fresh blood had dyed the region before the Eastern Gate of the Dragon Palace red.

Chunks of flesh and corpses were falling towards the bottom of the sea every second.

The advantage that the Dragon Palace gained from the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes had completely disappeared. Although those Level 7 and 8 creatures were relatively weaker, their numbers were far superior.

Four hundred out of the seven hundred Devil Monkeys had perished within the short time frame.

Only sixty of the hundred Patrolling Yakshas were left. Moreover, deaths were still piling up each second.

Brutality and death had descended upon this region of the sea.

Even so, not a single member of the Dragon Palace had retreated. They had disregarded death and weren’t fearful of it.

Battles! Killings!

Roving Heavens was in a complete state of insanity. A Dunkleosteus had ripped a part of his flesh off of him. One could even see the bone from the wound on his arm. Despite that, he still held the metal rod tightly and attacked the Level 12 Dunkleosteus before him with even more fervor.

Roving Lobster moved away from the battle with the Dunkleosteus and started killing the Level 7 and 8 strange fish around him.

With every strike with its pincers, one of these strange fish would die. At this point, the golden surface of Roving Lobster had been dyed red.

These strange fish were too numerous. Gradually, the metal body of the Roving Lobster was being chipped away.

It was especially so behind his back. His shell was broken and his flesh was exposed.

The battle continued for another five minutes.

The surrounding sea region had been dyed red from the blood.

Two-thirds of the members of the Dragon Palace had fallen!

The bottom of the sea was now filled with the corpses of the Devil Monkeys, Patrolling Yakshas and other creatures.

Argh!

Roar roar roar!

At this moment, Wang Xian was bitten again by the Pliosaurus before the Eastern Gate. He was thrown aside and smashed heavily on the Dragon Array.

Despite turning into the Earth Divine Dragon, his body was still covered in fresh blood. Seeing the deaths of the members of the Dragon Palace around him, Wang Xian’s face was flushed with anger.

His cold eyes were now filled with frenzy.

Behind Wang Xian, Roving Girl was constantly manipulating water streams to heal Wang Xian’s injuries.

The blue Roving Girl was as white as chalk at this moment as she had almost exhausted all her water attribute energy.

“Stubborn ants! I’ll devour you!”

The Pliosaurus glanced at the wounds on him once again as it flared up.

Within these few minutes, this ant was attacking without concerns of getting injured. When the razor-sharp dragon claws landed on its body, a deep wound would appear instantly.

And when he attacked, that ant-like existence would undergo a huge transformation and turn into tough earth. This greatly pissed him off.

“I have to kill it. Otherwise, all the members of the Dragon Palace, including me, will be dead. I have to kill it!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were bloodshot. As long as he could kill the Pliosaurus, they could retreat back into the safety of the Dragon Palace.

Therefore, he attacked without concern about getting injured in the hope of returning to the Dragon Palace to recuperate after killing it.

However, the Pliosaurus was too huge. Even if it couldn’t use elemental attacks, the power was still tremendous.

A swing of its tail could severely injure Wang Xian. If it bit Wang Xian, it could penetrate the scales on his body.

Rumble!

All of a sudden, a dull explosion erupted from the bottom of the sea.

Wang Xian took a quick glance and was greatly shocked.

Below them, the Prime Minister Turtle controlled the earth and created an incomparably huge hole. The next instant, he buried with him the King Cuttlefish race that he was battling.

Over twenty King Cuttlefish were buried below the seabed with the Prime Minister Turtle.

Wang Xian eyes were red with anger. He glared at the Pliosaurus, transformed into the Metal Divine Dragon and shot towards it at extreme speed.

“Kill!”

He was just like a sharp longsword. The dragon claws were like the edge of the long sword while the body of the divine dragon supported the strike.

Desperation. Wang Xian was completely desperate.

At this point, he could only risk his life to gain an opportunity to survive. Despite being covered in wounds, he still had to attack desperately.

“Dragon Spear!”

Wang Xian growled loudly and pierced towards the Pliosaurus.

“Get lost!” the Pliosaurus grunted. Its horrifying tail swept towards Wang Xian.

The tail of the Pliosaurus was over ten meters long. While sweeping rapidly through the water, it brought along unimaginable strength.

Wang Xian was bitter. He gritted his teeth, didn’t stop and instead accelerated across.

Crack crack crack!

Just as Wang Xian was about to risk his life to clash with the Pliosaurus, the surface of the seabed suddenly cracked.

Prime Minister Turtle spun upwards and crashed into the tail of the Pliosaurus.

Rumble!

Horrifying collision sounds propagated throughout the vicinity.

“Dragon King, kill it!”

A weak voice resounded. Wang Xian looked over and was desolated to see the shell of Prime Minister Turtle cracking at a rapid pace.

Bright red blood instantly dyed its huge dullish yellow body.

Prime Minister Turtle looked at Wang Xian as its body was swept away.

The tail of the Pliosaurus had been stopped after Prime Minister Turtle gave up his life.

Tears of blood oozed out of Wang Xian’s eyes. Burning through the dragon energy in his body, the metal shine of his body glowed even stronger as he accelerated towards the Pliosaurus.

“You are just an ant! Die now!”

The Pliosaurus wasn’t concerned that his tail had been stopped. It extended its seven meter mouth and revealed rows of razor-sharp teeth as it tried to bite towards Wang Xian’s dragon head.

“Dragon King, I’ll stop its attack!”

Suddenly, Wang Xian heard a fatigued but pleasing voice. Following which, he saw a sea clam flying towards the mouth of the Pliosaurus.

The sea clam enlarged to four meters while ascending before landing in the middle of the Pliosaurus’ mouth.

Ka ka!

The Pliosaurus bit onto the shell of the Roving Girl. It was taken aback slightly but soon crushed down with all its might.

The clamshell cracked slowly.

The Roving Girl had bought less than a second for Wang Xian.

“I’m going to kill you and devour you!”

In this split second, Wang Xian flashed across like a golden ray of light. His dragon energy had now been completely exhausted.

Bam!

Wang Xian pierced the body of the Pliosaurus like a sword.

However, he was only able to pierce two meters into the horrifying defense of the Pliosaurus and this wasn’t fatal.

Luckily, Wang Xian’s head was now within the body of the Pliosaurus.

He opened his huge mouth and started devouring the flesh and blood of the Pliosaurus from inside.

Argh! Argh! Argh!

The Pliosaurus grimaced in pain. It spat out the crushed clamshell, extended its huge mouth and bit onto Wang Xian’s tail.

At that instant, Wang Xian felt as though his dragon tail had been ripped off of him.

Despite that, he had forgotten the pain in his body, as he was entirely focused on devouring the flesh and blood of the Pliosaurus.

The location Wang Xian attacked was none other than the throat of the Pliosaurus.

He struggled to devour all the flesh and blood and didn’t stop for a single instant.

Rawr rawr!

The Pliosaurus cried out in pain. Soon, it lost the strength to hold onto Wang Xian and its voice was softening slowly.

Wang Xian could vaguely hear the screams of Roving Lobster, Roving Heavens and the pitiful cries of the Devil Monkeys.

The King of the Devil Monkey had fallen.

He could hear the gruesome screams of the Yakshas and the sorrow of Roving Yaksha.

Wang Xian’s eyes had turned red from anger. He was still devouring frantically. He wanted to completely consume the Pliosaurus as revenge for Prime Minister Turtle, Roving Girl, Roving Heavens and all his subordinates.

The sea before the Eastern Gate of the Dragon Palace had been completely dyed red with blood. The seawater had now become blood.

At this instant, within the Dragon Palace.

On the Progenitor Tree behind the Dragon Throne, the Soul Returning Branch was emanating greyish energy.

In front of the Eastern Gate, the corpses of Prime Minister Turtle, Roving Girl, Roving Lobster, Roving Heavens, Roving Yaksha and members of the Devil Division and Dragon Guard Division flew towards the Progenitor Tree within the Dragon Palace as blurry and greyish shadows.

At the same time, the heads of the nine elemental divine dragon statues around the Dragon Transformation Pool had lit up suddenly.

Before the Eastern Gate of the Dragon Palace, the flesh and blood that harbored dense energy slowly fused into the seabed.

Streams of dragon blood started flowing into the Dragon Transformation Pool from the heads of the nine divine dragon statues.