Chapter 367: Levelling Up And Revival (1)

Aw, aw!

Tsk, tsk, tsk!

Blood-curdling screams resonated throughout the vast seabed. As they did, mammoth carcasses sprawled all over outside the majestic Eastern Gate of the Dragon Palace.

Carcasses of menacing sharks and Dunkleosteus, each over a dozen meters, as well as Deep-sea Pythons stretching close to twenty meters.

But, given their huge physicality, they continued to emit a sheer force of terror even as their now fragmented bodies lay dead on the seabed.

At the same time, their bodies began to dissolve into the seabed bit by bit before vanishing altogether eerily.

Within the area, the strong metallic stench which ran with the blood drifted amidst the waters, before heading towards the Dragon Palace.

The phenomenon was overlooked by Wang Xian, while the only remaining members of the Dragon Palace, the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes, had not noticed it either.

Meanwhile, the battle was yet to be over, as the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes were battling it out with the remaining few Dunkleosteus and Cyclop Shark, aided by the five Deep-Sea Pythons.

At the Eastern entrance of the Dragon Palace, these dozen or so creatures were the only survivors left, while the rest had all perished within the territorial waters.

While the only surviving Nine Venomous Sea Snakes were already bloodied and battered, they still moved at unrivaled speeds and possessed telepathy. Time and again, they managed to dodge the killings thanks to their joined forces.

Howl, howl, howl!

Growling, the remaining Dunkleosteus and Cyclop Shark looked on with fear in their eyes. Since the battle and killings, they were the only survivors of their clan.

As of now, they had lost all ferocity. As they looked at the countless carcasses which were either suspended amidst the waters or lying motionless on the seabed, they intended to run away.

But savagery had been forced out of the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes from the fight, as they rounded up the last of their enemies with bloodthirst in their eyes, vowing to get rid of them.

In revenge for their comrades’ death...

Dub-dub, dub-dub!

At a side, the mammoth Pliosaurus which spanned over thirty meters sprawled across the floor motionless, with only the area above its heart still bobbing.

On its head was a large appendage which continued moving about.

The gold appendage had many teeth on it and was on the verge of breaking into several smaller pieces.

Barely hanging, the appendage was merely attached with a dangling bit of skeleton.

The appendage was being tucked and dragged inwards into the Pliosaurus’ body.

Wang Xian’s body was completely within the Pliosaurus’ carcass. He was currently surrounded by a pool of blood, and could not make out anything else around him.

All that he could manage now was to devour instinctively.

In one bite, Wang Xian had engulfed about four to five hundred catty worth of flesh. Bite after bite he chewed, without the slightest pause.

Howl, howl!

Outside of the carcass rang the chilling screams of the Dunkleosteus and Cyclop Shark, before the last of their corpses flopped onto the seabed with a loud thud.

The Nine Venomous Sea Snakes were overwhelmed with fatigue as they swam towards each other and licked the wounds of their buddies before looking around at their surroundings.

One of the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes glided over to the carcass of Prime Minister Turtle. It circled around the corpse before gently bumping its head with its body.

Swish!

The carcass of Prime Minister Turtle began to disintegrate. Eerily, its sturdy shell dissolved slowly into ashes, before the entire body completely vanished.

The rest of the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes swam over to the bodies of Roving Heavens and Roving Yaksha and looked on. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

They watched as their bodies made their spooky disappearance.

Finally, the exhausted Nine Venomous Sea Snakes glanced over in the direction of the Pliosaurus’ carcass, where their King was also at.

Sensing Wang Xian’s physical state, the Nine Venomous Sea Snakes glided over steadily and lay around the giant carcass. Thereafter, they peered about their surroundings.

Beyond the Dragon Palace’s parameters were two remaining races.

Namely the Anomalocaris at the Southern Gate and the Swordfish at the Northern Gate.

All in all, the two races totaled over three hundred members. They looked on in trepidation at the harrowing sight of the battlefield.

The Anomalocaris, each a length of two meters, had two walking legs which were flashing with occasional flickers of lightning bolts, as they grew along their all-blue bodies.

The Swordfish, each measuring between two to three meters, had a meter-long sharp thorn growing on each of their bodies.

The creatures gazed at the Eastern Gate, which was now thronging with carcasses. Swaying their bodies along gently, the creatures eventually set their sights on the Dragon Palace.

They stared intently at the entrance of the Northern and Southern Gates. As their race leaders succumbed to temptation, they charged towards the gates.

Their hearts were yearning with a burning desire.

Bam, bam, bam!

The troops of the Anomalocaris and Swordfish surged forth at frightening speeds. However, as they arrived beneath the Dragon’s Gate, they felt as though they were being sucked into a marsh, making it hard for them to enter the premises.

That said, this was different from their attempt earlier via another spot. They had tried diving into the Palace by descending from above but were repelled as though they had collided with a solid mountain.

As a result, it sent the Anomalocaris and Swordfishes to violently writhe before they tried to burrow their way in.

Blop!

Alas, one of the Swordfishes had managed its way into the Dragon Palace. Dumbfounded, the fish tried to grasp hold of the Energy within the Dragon Palace with excitement.

Following which, it spun its head over while waving its tail to its other members, sending message after message.

This sent the Swordfish clan into a swirl of exhilaration, as they burrowed furiously, in a desperate attempt to get in.

The same went for the Anomalocaris at the Southern Gate. As one member finally managed its way in, the rest followed along and poured in frantically.

[Ding! Consumption of the Pliosaurus. 21,112,344 Dragon Energy extracted!]

[Ding! Level ascension. Upgrading into Level 8 Five Elements Divine Dragon!]

Right then, just outside of the Eastern Gate, the ginormous carcass which was once the Pliosaurus had now disappeared. As Wang Xian devoured the tail of the carcass, he heard the update from the system before he eventually flopped onto the floor.

“Woohoo!” he cheered. At last, he had devoured the entire body.

Just then, Wang Xian felt excruciating pain all over his body. The pain seared on as if tugging at his heart, to the point where he thought his tail had disappeared.

As he calmed his heart, he tried to make a mental assessment of his physical condition.

“This...,” he uttered with a bitter smile. He looked at his battered and bruised body, while his insides were covered in wounds.

The injuries were especially severe at his tail region, where the appendage had almost split open entirely.

He flinched briefly, as the piercing agony caused him to inhale one cold breath.

This was the first time Wang Xian had been bashed up so badly since becoming the Divine Dragon.

“Thank goodness I’ve upgraded!” Wang Xian exclaimed in relief.

[Name: Wang Xian]

[Race: Five Element Divine Dragon (Able to transform into a human)]

[Level: 8]

[Dragon Energy: 22,563, 21 / 100 000,000]

[Superpower: Rule over the Marine animals (but only those of lower grade than itself), Ability to devour (for Dragon Energy extraction), and Control over the Five Elements]

[Art of Cultivation: Divine Dragon Transformation]

Upon hearing the updates of his current attributes, Wang Xian heaved a sigh of utter relief. As he willed it in his heart, the Dragon Energy within his body started to circulate before it began to heal his wounds.

“Eh? The Dragon Energy’s depleting so quickly!” Wang Xian yelped in shock. As his body underwent healing and restoration, the Dragon Energy was being exhausted by the hundreds of thousands.

“Tsk, why is the usage so exhaustive!” Wang Xian complained.

[Your body is in utter ruin. Complete restoration would require five million Dragon Energy!]

At the same moment, the voice from the system explained, which made Wang Xian gasp. Five million, and even the ascension to Level 7 only took ten million.

[The Divine Dragon possesses formidable powers in self-restoration. You may opt to heal naturally on your own, where your body will be restored in a month’s time]

The voice from the system elaborated. Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before he paused the restoration process in his body after some brief fixes.

He was somewhat unwilling to part with five million Dragon Energy. After all, he still lacked more than seventy million Dragon Energy for his ascension to Level 9!