Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3716 Under the breakthrough of the 3,715 seven mad demons

“Eh, the speed of the ancestral tree in condensing the blood refinement fruit has indeed increased by a lot. This speed has at least doubled!”

In the blood plasma land, Wang Xian stood at the bottom. The roots of the ancestral tree were rooted there.

Wang Xian sensed the speed of condensing the blood refinement fruit and a smile appeared on his face!

He could condense four blood refinement fruits in a year. If he wanted to condense four million blood refinement fruits, he would probably need 10,000 years.

10,000 years was neither too long nor too short!

“The stronger I am, the more I feel that the ancestral tree is abnormal. I am starting to suspect that the Divine Dragon clan and the insect clan died together because they were fighting for this blood refinement fruit.”

Wang Xian mumbled as a smile appeared on his face!

The ancestral tree was abnormal. It was so abnormal that it was terrifying!

Even if an ordinary powerhouse had the ancestral tree, as long as he didn’t die, he would be able to establish a peak race.

This was an existence at the Heavenly Yuan creation level.

Time passed quickly. After 300 divine dragons inspected the various races, the power of the Dragon Palace spread throughout the universe.

In the universe, many people with the Divine Dragon bloodline were freed.

No force dared to kill someone with the Divine Dragon bloodline for no reason!

The Divine Dragon bloodline also rose up completely!

The heaven opening desolate continent also regained its peace.

The blood-refining fruits condensed one after another, giving birth to many purebred divine dragons in the Dragon Palace.

“Dragon King, we are about to break through!”

Eight years later, just as Wang Xian was bored and was deducing the means of attack, a message was suddenly sent to him.

This was a message from Wu Sha. When he saw this message, he was slightly stunned.

His body moved and he returned to the Dragon Palace directly!

“Is he going to break through?”

In the Dragon Field of the Dragon Palace, Wu Sha, water demon, demon wing, Shi Sen, Ming Sha Sheng, Thunder Flash, and Sky Shrouding stood in the center!

Prime Minister Turtle and all the disciples with the Combat Power of universe masters of the Dragon Palace arrived.

For the Great Beings of the pinnacle races, breaking through from a universe knight to a universe master was a transformation.

It was also a calamity.

For the core disciples of the peak races, they could cultivate to the peak level of a universe knight without any restrictions.

However, it was very difficult to break through from the peak level of a universe knight to a universe master.

Many powerhouses of the peak races could not break through in their entire lives.

Wu Sha and Ming Sha were all powerhouses of the peak races. They all had the inheritance of the peak races.

Before they met Wang Xian, they had no chance of breaking through either.

For the powerhouses from the peak races, it was a qualitative improvement for a supremacy to advance to a ruler.

Similarly, this improvement would be a disaster for all the powerful disciples of the Dragon Palace in the future.

Using resources would not be able to create a ruler of the universe.

The powerful disciples of the Dragon Palace also needed to comprehend and cultivate on their own.

The breakthrough of Wu Sha and the rest this time was quite an experience for the powerful ones of the Dragon Palace to achieve breakthroughs in the future.

“Greetings, Dragon King!”

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace immediately greeted respectfully when they saw Wang Xian.

“Wu Sha, you guys have a breakthrough first!”

Wang Xian waved his hand and said to them with a smile.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Wu Sha and the rest nodded their heads. Their faces were filled with excitement!

The seven of them looked at each other.

“Let’s break through together!”

“Haha, I’ve Been Waiting for more than 10 billion years this time, more than 10 billion years!”

“Haha, I’ve Been Waiting for more than 5 billion years too!”

The excited voice came from the mouth of the Dark Killer Wu Sha and the others.

They had been trapped in the Pinnacle Universe Knight realm for too long!

Boom! Boom! Boom

As they spoke, waves of power soared into the sky!

This majestic and terrifying aura caused the expressions of the surrounding disciples of the Dragon Palace to change slightly.

Even bei Shuang could only withstand it because of the circulation of the surrounding frost.

“Their breakthrough is a forceful breakthrough with great power. This method is not representative. You guys just need to comprehend it. Don’t use it as a reference for the future.”

Wang Xian looked at the group of five kills who had achieved a breakthrough and reminded the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Wu Sha and the rest of the seven people’s breakthrough method was to use force to achieve a breakthrough. They had to build up their strength to complete the breakthrough.

This method was not advisable.

In the entire universe, there was no one who could achieve such combat strength at the level of a universe knight other than the Mad Demon from the Invincible Zone.

The group of disciples nodded their heads and looked at Wu Sha and the rest in the Dragon Field!

“Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!”

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

“Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!”

At this moment, waves of terrifying and vast energy were transmitted from Wu Sha and the rest.

The vast energy carried a trace of the aura of the universe and belonged to their respective attributes. It surged into their bodies like mad demons.

Their bodies began to undergo qualitative changes.

Wang Xian looked over and his eyes were filled with curiosity.

All kinds of attributes seemed to have come to life. They surged into their bodies and underwent transformation and strengthening from the inside out.

It was fortunate that the Dragon Palace’s current level was relatively high and could completely block the power of their breakthrough.

Otherwise, with the commotion of their breakthrough, it would cause a huge change in the world. It was likely that everyone within a radius of a few hundred billion kilometers would be able to sense it.

Even so, the vast scene of their breakthrough shocked all the experts of the Dragon Palace.

The energy entered the body and slowly turned into a sphere. It seemed to be a world inside the sphere.

The energy and shape of the world evolved as if a universe had been formed.

Each person’s sphere had a different scene.

Inside Wu Sha’s sphere, there was darkness and a blurry figure flashing.

Inside the demonic wings sphere, a huge demonic beast was born. Gradually, it spread its wings that covered the sky.

Inside the lightning-like sphere, it was like a world of thunder. A light spot was shuttling back and forth continuously.

…

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace stared at the various strange phenomena.

These strange phenomena could give them great inspiration.

Wang Xian watched quietly. The energy in the sphere had completed its evolution. Finally, the figures of Wu Sha and the rest appeared.

At this moment, the aura on their bodies had clearly undergone a change.

They seemed to be more compatible with the entire universe. The Aura on their bodies was also more elegant.

There was no pressure on their bodies, but there was a sense of majesty. This majesty even made some weak people afraid to look at them directly.

This was a leap in the level of life.

“Not bad!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian looked at them. He smiled and nodded his head.

“Dragon King, we have made a breakthrough!”

Wu Sha and the rest said excitedly to Wang Xian.

“Yes, that’s fine. All of you should stabilize your strength in the Dragon Palace first. Don’t leave the Dragon Palace for the time being.”

Wang Xian smiled and instructed them.

Wu Sha and the rest had made a breakthrough. This meant that the Dragon Palace could be promoted to a peak race.

However, Wang Xian was not planning to announce it at the moment, nor was he planning to promote to a peak race.

He wanted to announce the ascension of the Dragon Palace when there were at least dozens of masters of the universe in the Dragon Palace.