3723 3722 information on the Little Blue House Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The skeleton race was born in this era.

They relied on the countless skeletons from the previous calamity to form their current pinnacle race.

It was also because of this that their skeleton race gave birth to a large number of great beings.

According to black vulture emperor, the skeleton race had the most universe masters of all the Pinnacle Races!

No Pinnacle race dared to underestimate them.

Even those who had survived one or two catastrophes.

“Space beasts can slowly adapt to any environment because of their size and physique. Now, they can be found in any universe, and they will evolve and mutate in this universe

“Some of the space beasts in our nine-origin universe have already gained sentience and intelligence. The real space beasts in the universe don’t have sentience, they only hunt, reproduce, and Hibernate.”

“This time, the passage was opened because a few top-tier space beasts in the mountain and sea realm, Primal Chaos, Feilian, Gong Fu, Yu Yu, and Xu Yu, were terrifying existences. They used their terrifying strength to open the world passage with treasures, and these space beasts wanted to return to their own universe.”

“After the universe passageway is opened, the starry universe is a treasure to us. However, the strength of the starry universe is a little stronger than our nine-origin universe. It’s very risky to enter.”

The black vulture king continued to speak to Wang Xian and the rest.

“Thank you for informing us, black vulture king.”

Wang Xian cupped his hands at the black vulture king and thanked him.

“Hehe, this information isn’t too confidential. The matter of the universe passageway will be opened within a thousand years. When that time comes, the various peak races will release the news. At that time, any strong disciple from the nine-origin universe will be able to enter the starry universe.”

“Dragon King, be careful if you go.”

The black vulture king reminded with a smile.

Wang Xian nodded.

“Grandpa, are there really many treasures there? I’ll go too!”

Ling Honggu looked at the black vulture king and said.

“You can go. Although it’s very dangerous, the opportunities there are also very strong.”

The black vulture king nodded. “Of course. Most importantly, Honggu, you have the fruit that the Dragon King gave you that can revive you.”

As he spoke.., he looked at Wang Xian. “In another universe, you can not return to your own divine kingdom. This also makes many life-saving treasures ineffective. Dragon King, the soul-returning embryo fruit that you gave red bone last time is useful. It is a rare life-saving treasure. Although it needs to be retrained, it can at least survive.”

“Oh, is that so? I obtained quite a number of such treasures back then. I can give you two of them!”

As Wang Xian spoke, he moved his palm and two soul returning fruits appeared in front of him.

“HMM? There’s no need. I bought a few at the last auction. It’s enough!”

The black vulture king was a little tempted, but he still rejected it.

One or two of these fruits would be enough.

Wang Xian nodded and kept them.

“Wang Xian, will you go to the Starry Universe?”

Ling Honggu looked at Wang Xian and asked.

“I will, of course I will go.”

Wang Xian nodded directly. “It is already very difficult to obtain a large amount of resources in the universe. The Starry Universe is a good choice!”

“That’s right. It has been more than 20 billion years in our nine-origin universe. Many treasures have been occupied by the top races. It is already very difficult to obtain a large amount of resources now. The Starry Universe is a land of opportunity.”

The black vulture king nodded and said.

Wang Xian nodded silently as well.

After returning from the invincible zone, the strength of the Dragon Palace had improved tremendously.

Currently, there was only one place he knew that could improve so quickly.

The land of mountains and seas.

Other than the land of mountains and seas, all the other treasure lands and important resources had been occupied by the peak races.

It would be extremely difficult for him to obtain a large number of them.

However, there were powerful space beasts in the land of mountains and seas, so there was also a huge risk.

Now that the world passageway was opened, the starry universe was actually a very good place for Wang Xian.

At that time, not only him, but also the experts from the Dragon Palace could be sent into the starry universe.

“Dragon King, if you want to go, be careful. Previously, you offended the experts of the Phoenix clan and the Angel clan. In the nine-origin universe, because of the rules and the help of the Elf clan, the Phoenix clan and the Angel clan didn’t dare to send experts to attack you. But in the starry universe, it’s hard to say.”

“This time, there will be a large number of strong disciples from the top races entering the starry universe. If they encounter you, they will definitely take action. Be careful.”

The black vulture king reminded him.

“I will be careful!”

Wang Xian nodded his head. His eyes were shining.

The Angel Race had tried to destroy him time and time again. The Phoenix Race’s actions in the invincible zone had caused them to be in a situation where they would not rest until one of them died.

If he met the strong disciples of the two races in the starry universe, Wang Xian would attack them even if they did not attack him.

As long as he met the strong disciples of the Angel Race and the Phoenix race, he would do everything he could to destroy them.

At that time, it was uncertain who would kill who.

“Haha, Alright. Dragon King, why don’t you stay here for a few days with the spiritual demon race? I need to return to my territory to settle some matters.”

The black vulture king smiled at him.

Wang Xian nodded his head.

“Wang Xian, why don’t we go to the starry universe together?”

After the black vulture king left, Ling Honggu looked at Wang Xian and invited him.

“I still want to take action on my own.”

After thinking for a while, Wang Xian refused.

His current strength and speed were much stronger than Ling Honggu’s. It would be better if he acted alone.

“Alright then. Be careful.”

“You have to be careful too.”

Wang Xian chatted with the spirit red bone. Not long after, the spirit demon king also came in. They chatted for a while.

Wang Xian didn’t stay in the spirit demon race for long. On the fourth day, he returned.

At this moment, he received a message from Lan Qingyue.

This message was about the starry universe and the World Passage.

This message was sent to her by Xiao Lan and Xiao Zhai.

Xiao Lan and Xiao Zhai were currently in the interior of the mountains and seas.

This time, the world passageway was opened up by the Space Beasts.

“Qingyue, how much information did Xiao Lan Send?”

Wang Xian returned to the Dragon Palace and asked Lan Qingyue.

“Xiao Lan and Xiao Zhai sent a message saying that a powerful space beast in the mountains and seas had opened up an extremely huge passageway. This passageway can lead to another universe, a universe where space beasts were born. Many space beasts have already entered that universe.”

Lan qingyue immediately told Wang Xian.