Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3759 3758 public opinion

When Wang Xian left the fiery heart treasured land, a large number of strong disciples in the fiery heart treasured land had spread the news.

This was especially so for the strong disciples of the Skyfire sect.

With the patriarch killed, their race had plummeted in an instant.

They were filled with hatred towards the Phoenix race.

The strong disciples of the other high-level races also felt a sense of sorrow when the rabbit died.

They had risked their lives to come to the starry cosmos to look for opportunities. They wanted to obtain treasures and obtain great opportunities to break through.

The Skyfire ancestor was an existence that they yearned for. He relied on opportunities to lead his race from a high-level race to the peak of the race, and his strength reached the ruler realm.

They also wanted to become an existence like the Skyfire ancestor.

However, they wanted to become such an existence, but because of the Phoenix Race’s fire Phoenix’s greed, they directly killed and stole the treasures.

How could they not be angry?

Therefore, in the communication stone plate, they were trying their best to pour dirty water on the Phoenix clan.

Of course, they were not pouring dirty water on the Phoenix clan.

They were just exaggerating a little.

For example, exaggerating the fire Phoenix’s greed and killing people to steal the treasure.

It was said that after the fire Phoenix discovered the Dragon King, it wanted to kill him. It was also said that the Dragon King did not know how he provoked the Phoenix clan and was besieged by the Phoenix clan in the Invincible Zone, now, the Fire Phoenix wanted to kill him again.

It was said that the Dragon King was forced to kill all the fire phoenixes.

In short, a lot of changes were made to the situation on Wang Xian’s side.

It was completely said that the Phoenix tribe was a villain.

Anyway, they were not worried about being discovered since the information was published in the communication stone plate.

When the news was sent out, it resonated with all the powerful disciples of the high-level races.

In the nine-origin universe, the number of experts and disciples of the peak races couldn’t even occupy one-hundredth of a hundred million in the nine-origin universe.

The nine-origin universe still had more weaklings.

When they saw this news, they all started to curse the Phoenix race.

“This Phoenix race is too despicable. It’s not easy for our high-level races to stand out, yet they want to kill us and steal our treasures?”

“They’re simply despicable and shameless. They actually want to snatch the opportunity of the Skyfire Patriarch.”

“In the future, if you encounter treasures that you can’t solve by yourself, then don’t contact the Phoenix clan. They might kill you after they obtain the treasures!”

“That’s really possible. A senior in our clan discovered more than ten life planets, but they were occupied by a space behemoth. That senior of ours contacted the Phoenix clan, but after that, we couldn’t contact that senior anymore. Now, it seems that there’s a high possibility that he was killed by the Phoenix clan’s experts!”

One by one, the powerful disciples posted information on the communication stone plate.

Soon, some disciples posted information about the Phoenix clan.

No one could tell whether this information was true or false, but at this time, everyone agreed that the Phoenix clan should have killed the senior who provided them with the information.

Despicable!

Sinister!

Treating their high-level race as ants.

Labels were placed on the Phoenix clan.

Some people took advantage of the situation while others did it on purpose. In short, the Phoenix clan became the common enemy of all the high-level races!

Even the experts of the peak races were dumbfounded when they saw this.

“Big Brother Tiger Mark, is the situation at the heart of the fire treasure land as described on the communication stone plate?”

“I was at the heart of the fire treasure land. I saw it with my own eyes. The Skyfire Patriarch had indeed made a breakthrough. Two fire phoenixes killed him because of some groundless crimes. The Dragon King appeared at the side and mocked the two fire phoenixes. Then, the two fire phoenixes attacked the Dragon King. However, they did not expect that the Dragon King’s strength was very terrifying. He killed two fire phoenixes who were at the third level of the ruler realm in an instant. Later, the fire phoenixes saw their clansmen being killed and wanted to kill the Dragon King. In the end, the Dragon King displayed his terrifying strength and killed all of them!”

“The Dragon King is indeed very terrifying. He has the strength to kill a ruler of the sixth level, and his speed is very fast. His cultivation speed is almost heaven-defying.”

On the communication platform of the Divine Tiger Clan, a divine tiger was asking for information from the Divine Tiger who was staying in the Fire Heart Treasure Land!

“This Dragon King is really abnormal. He mocked the fire phoenix, and obviously predicted that the other party would kill him. He must have done it on purpose. The Dragon King must have a grudge with the Phoenix clan, and the disciples of the Phoenix clan besieged him in the invincible zone.”

“The Dragon King must have done it on purpose. He knows that he can kill these phoenixes with his own strength, so he is fearless. There is even the possibility of revenge on purpose!”

“Doesn’t that mean that the news is different from the one on the communication stone plate?”

“Even if it is different, we shouldn’t say it out loud. We can’t even say it in the name of the Divine Tiger clan. The Phoenix Clan has killed the Skyfire Patriarch, killed people, and stolen the gemstone hammer. They have already provoked the public’s anger. If we say it out loud, the disciples of the other high-level races will think that we are protecting them. Although we don’t need to care about the high-level races, the arrival of the catastrophe will still be of great use to the high-level races.”

“Yes, although this group of high-level races don’t need to be bothered, every time the calamity arrives, there will always be high-level race experts who defy the heavens and obtain great opportunities. This matter was originally the Phoenix race that went too far, they shouldn’t have killed Sky Fire Patriarch!”

Within the communication stone plate of the Divine Tiger Race, a divine tiger race expert opened his mouth and spoke!

Although their peak races didn’t put high-level races in their eyes, when the calamity arrives, the high-level races still had a huge role to play.

There was another point. When the calamity connected and the various cosmic passageways opened up, then everything would be truly filled with treasures and there would be battles everywhere.

There would always be people who could defy the heavens in the calamity because the number of strong disciples of the high-level races was countless times more than the peak races. There would always be lucky people who would obtain great opportunities to rise.

And because of their numbers, the probability of them rising wasn’t lower than the peak races.

Hence, when the calamity arrived, the peak races would not look down on the other races.

Now that the Phoenix race had angered the masses, they would not say anything.

They would not participate!

The Divine Tiger Race knew the specific reason, and they would not publicize it.

The other peak races were the same.

At this time, the Phoenix race had angered the masses, and they had already crossed the bottom line of the peak races!

However, at this moment, at the location of the 9-origin universe and the space universe passage, dozens of phoenixes stood guard at the entrance of the passage. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When they saw what was happening inside and learned about the incident at the flame heart treasured land, their expressions instantly darkened.

Especially the information on the communication stone plate, it caused the Phoenix Race Warriors’eyes to Blaze with anger.

A large number of experts of their Phoenix clan had actually been killed!

The communication stone plate was also filled with bad information about their Phoenix clan!