Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3772 3771, get ready to make your move!

Wang Xian heard their discussion and revealed a puzzled expression.

He took out the communication stone plate and searched for some information.

When he saw some of the content on it, his eyes flickered slightly.

There was a lot of information in the communication stone plate. The content of the information was about the peak race recruiting other high-level races.

Several peak races directly announced that the high-level races could join their peak races and obtain huge benefits.

Among them, the most attractive benefit for the high-level races was the treasure land for cultivation.

The peak races’exploration of the starry universe wasn’t something the strong disciples of the high-level races could compare to. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Many more precious treasure lands had the space beasts guarding them. For the disciples of the high-level races, it was a desperate situation.

And to the peak races, they had a high chance of occupying them.

This allowed them to occupy many of the precious lands for cultivation.

Some of the experts of the peak races looked down on these precious lands, and some of them couldn’t be used. This allowed the disciples of the high-ranked races to come over and cultivate.

And they only needed the high-ranked races to join their camp.

This was a huge benefit to both the peak races and the high-level races.

The peak races had seen many experts of the high-level races advance to the ruler realm in the past hundred thousand years. Recruiting them would also increase their combat power.

In addition, recruiting high-level races would increase the number of disciples of the high-level races. The chances of discovering treasures would also increase greatly.

As for high-level races, they would naturally be happy if they could obtain a precious place to cultivate and have a backer.

This caused many high-level races to join the peak races.

Among them, the angel race and Phoenix race were the most powerful. They took out enough items to recruit high-level races.

Among them, Wang Xian was also involved.

This was because Wang Xian pretended to be an expert from an ordinary high-level race and set a trap for them. This caused the angel race and Phoenix race to not dare to send any experts over after receiving the information about the Dragon Palace.

They were afraid that it was a trap.

It was impossible for them to send an expert who was at level seven every time.

It was the idea of the angel race and Phoenix Race to recruit the high-level race and only trust the information of their subordinates.

It would be much safer if the strong disciples of the high-level race were sent to look for the disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he read the information.

“What a smart plan for the peak races.”

Wang Xian mumbled as he scanned his surroundings and waited quietly.

The advantage of the peak races was still too great. It would still take some time for the Dragon Palace to catch up to them.

Fortunately, the fire-elemental experts of the Dragon Palace were able to cultivate in the center of the fiery heart treasured land.

Time passed day by day. Wang Xian waited patiently in the Aurora Domain.

A year later, he finally noticed a dark angel flying out from the Angel Tribe’s territory.

He focused his gaze and moved his body. He enveloped Ba Qi and followed behind him immediately.

“It happens to be a dark angel at level one of the universe dominator. Ba Qi, Get Ready!”

Wang Xian saw him flying forward and transmitted his voice to Baqi.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Baqi replied immediately.

A few hours later, they were already very far away from the territory of the Angel race. Wang Xian swept his gaze over and instantly unleashed his full speed.

As his figure flashed past, the Angel of Darkness felt fear descending on him. He did not react at all. His body paused and he stood there in a daze.

Soon, his eyes regained their luster.

“Dragon King, it’s a success!”

Not far away, Wang Xian heard Ba Qi’s voice. A smile appeared on his face.

He nodded his head and disappeared in an instant.

Ba Qi had absorbed the information of the Dark Angel and followed his original actions to a trading ground in the Aurora Domain.

He completed a transaction with an expert from the skeleton clan.

After that, Ba Qi flew towards the territory of the Angel clan.

When he returned to the territory occupied by the Angel clan, he sent information to Wang Xian one by one.

“Dragon King, there are many experts from the Angel clan here. There are more than a thousand above the ruler realm, one at the seventh level and fourteen at the sixth level. This doesn’t include the Angel Army they have.”

“Apart from that, there is also a powerful defensive treasure that can withstand the attack of a ruler at the eighth level. This is to prevent the appearance of the space behemoth. However, to activate this defensive treasure, a ruler at the seventh level must activate it.”

“After activating it, you can only leave through the teleportation array. Dragon King, it is too risky for you to attack them!”

The information of the eight-headed HYDRA was transmitted over. Looking at the information on it, he frowned slightly.

This was the heritage of the Angel Race!

They actually had a treasure that could withstand the attack of a ruler of level eight.

Once he entered, he would not be able to escape after the treasure was activated.

Of course, he would not be able to escape under normal circumstances unless there were other powerful escaping treasures!

There were two possibilities for Wang Xian to escape.

One was to leave one of his ghost avatars here, and the second was to use a spatial scroll to escape in an instant.

“If I make a move, I must be able to kill enough experts of the angel race. Otherwise, the risk is too great!”

Wang Xian pondered in his heart and sent a message to Ba Qi.

He asked him to send the location maps of all the experts and disciples of the Angel race.

After sending the message, he waited quietly outside.

Even if Ba Qi was parasitizing a level one darkness angel, it would take some time for him to obtain all the information.

However, Wang Xian was not in a hurry.

It did not matter even if he had to wait for a few decades or a few hundred years.

As time passed, Wang Xian realized that more and more high-level races were entering the territory of the Aurora Domain’s Angel race.

As long as it was a race with light and darkness attributes, most of them would find it difficult to reject the benefits offered by the angel race and join the Angel race.

Half a year later, the eight-headed HYDRA sent a message over.

It was a map of the cultivation of an expert of the angel race in the Aurora Domain. The map was detailed to the number of experts and disciples of the angel race in each region.

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he read the information.

In the Aurora Domain, the disciples of the angel race who were below the level of a ruler would cultivate in one place. Those above the level of a ruler would be near the center.

The most central place was where the experts who were at level seven and level six would cultivate.

Based on their speed, as long as Wang Xian made his move, they would arrive in two seconds.

In other words, if he made his move, it would be better for him to kill as many angels as possible with his last strike.

If he wanted to make the second and third move, he might be in danger.