3773 3772 kills 2,000 angels in one strike! Go

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he looked at the information.

He looked at the treasure in his hands and analyzed his own strength!

Four netherspirit avatars, five elements grinding, tai chi dragon disc, and Lingling.

He looked at his laws and the nine-origin universe and simulated it in his mind.

Finally, he locked onto a location on the map in front of him.

That was where the boundary between the Masters of the universe and the disciples below the master level was.

If Wang Xian chose to attack that place, he would be able to kill many angels below the master level and the master level.

Of course, this was only one of his plans. He still needed to sneak into the territory of the angel race.

It wouldn’t be so easy to sneak in!

However, there is a way

He thought to himself as he took out his communication stone plate and looked at the information about the angel race and high-level races.

The number of high-level races that the angel race had recruited had already reached more than a dozen, and there were still high-level races preparing to join the angel race.

And the biggest benefit of these high-level races joining the angel race was that they could enter the aurora domain to cultivate.

They could enter the territory occupied by the angel race for cultivation.

Basically, when a high-level race joined the angel race, a batch of strong disciples would come here.

His goal was to sneak in the strong disciples of this high-level race into the territory of the angel race and launch a fatal attack.

As long as he could kill a few thousand strong disciples of the angel race, it would be a huge profit!

Looking at the information of some high-level races that had joined the Angel clan, Wang Xian quickly locked onto a high-level race.

Currently, a high-level race was rushing over. Some of their strong disciples even announced this matter in the communication stone plate.

After all, for a high-level race, it was equivalent to having a backer.

“According to what they said, this faction called the Silverlight sect should be able to reach here in three years.”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. His body moved and he flew towards the outside. He arrived at a path that he had to pass through.

If they wanted to enter the territory of the angel race, they had to pass through a certain place.

Wang Xian only needed to wait there.

Sitting cross-legged on a special meteorite, Wang Xian was absorbing the energy of Light and darkness.

Three years passed in the blink of an eye. He opened his eyes and scanned his surroundings. He began to investigate.

“It’s right in front. The territory of the angel race occupied by the Aurora Domain is right in front. This time, the angel race occupied the best spot in the Aurora Domain. Even the powerhouses of the skeleton race are not as good as the territory occupied by the Angel Race!”

Not long after, a slightly excited voice sounded.

When Wang Xian heard this voice, his ears twitched and his figure moved. In an instant, he arrived in front of this high-level race team.

Looking at this high-level race team, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. His figure came directly to the last position that they had placed.

His figure was hidden in the darkness and was only a dozen meters away from them. The few powerhouses at the back did not notice Wang Xian’s existence at all.

Buzz

His figure appeared beside the last dozen or so disciples of the high-level races. He cast the soul-absorbing spell instantly.

Their bodies trembled and their pupils dilated. In just a second, they returned to their original state.

Wang Xian stood in the middle of them with a faint smile on his face!

“Sect leader, we are cultivating here. The speed of our improvement is absolutely terrifying. Perhaps, sect leader, you might be able to achieve a breakthrough!”

A voice came from the front.

“Hehe, if we can get some opportunities, we will have this chance.”

The old man at the front with the Sword of light on his back replied faintly.

“Hierarch, should we pay attention to some of the powerful disciples of the Dragon Palace? I heard that there are many rulers and powerhouses in the Dragon Palace, and the Dragon King is also very powerful.”

“The Dragon Palace is indeed powerful, but the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace is simply courting death. After offending the two peak races, the Angel clan and the Phoenix clan, the Dragon Palace will be destroyed sooner or later, and there is no chance for it to rise again.”

“The Dragon King is indeed very powerful, and the speed of his rise is also very terrifying. But the mistake is that the Dragon King is reckless and has offended both the Angel clan and the Phoenix clan at the same time. I heard that the third prince has come personally to destroy the Dragon King.”

“It’s only a matter of time before the Dragon Palace is destroyed. So what if the Dragon King rises to power quickly? Has He reached the seventh or eighth level of the Overlord Realm? Even if he has reached the ninth level of the Overlord realm, the Angel clan would be able to destroy him, not to mention the Phoenix Clan!”

“If our disciples encounter members of the Dragon Palace, we must immediately report to the Lords of the Angel clan. We must destroy the dragon palace as soon as possible so that nothing will go wrong on our side.”

In the front, the powerhouses of the silver light sect were conversing.

Wang Xian stood at the back with a cold expression in his eyes.

There were only five people at the peak of the venerable realm in a high-level race.

Five of them were at the peak of the venerable realm while the rest were at the eighth or ninth level of the venerable realm. The weaker ones were at the fourth or fifth level of the venerable realm.

With such strength, how would they dare to participate in the war between the Dragon Palace and the Angel Clan?

No matter what, the Dragon Palace now had an existence like him, who could kill a ruler at the sixth level.

A group of ants participating in the war between gods was no different from courting death. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

He quietly followed behind, and the more than 100,000 members of the silver light sect continued to fly forward.

A day later, they arrived in front of the territory of the Angel clan in the Aurora Domain.

“Disciples of the Silverlight sect pay their respects to the elders of the Angel clan.”

When they arrived at the front, the sect master of the Silverlight sect bowed respectfully to an expert of the Angel clan at the entrance.

“Alright, come in!”

The expert of the Angel clan swept his gaze across them and all the members before leading them inside.

Wang Xian followed behind and scanned his surroundings.

Upon entering, he could see that the experts of the angel race were cultivating on some meteorites in the surroundings.

There were angels of light and angels of darkness.

The powers of light and darkness in this place were obviously much greater than those outside.

There was a difference of at least ten times!

“The powers of light in this place are so dense. One day of cultivation here is equivalent to one year in the past!”

“Yes, in a few tens of thousands of years, I will be able to achieve a breakthrough here!”

“Joining the Angel clan is a wise choice!”

Some of the strong disciples of the silver light sect scanned their surroundings with excitement in their eyes.

“In a while, I will bring you to the cultivation area of your silver light sect. In addition, Silver Light sect master, you should pay a visit to our great archangel Kirsch!”

The angel in front of them was flying in front of them as he said faintly.

“Yes, my Lord!”

The sect leader of the silver light sect nodded his head heavily with a hint of excitement on his face.