Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3777 3776. Under the good news from the Little Blue House

The Little Blue House belonged to the bloodline of the Space Beasts.

However, they also belonged to the living beings of the 9-origin universe.

Even the space beasts of the mountain and sea land also belonged to the living beings of the 9-origin universe.

However, the bloodline of the space beasts flowed within their bodies.

All the space beasts of the mountain and sea land were extremely unfamiliar when they returned to the space universe.

The Starry Universe also had a great repulsion toward them, and their strength was also greatly suppressed.

However, their roots were in the starry universe, so even though the starry universe had a great repulsion toward them, they were still able to fuse with the starry universe.

The group of Space Beasts still had a way to fuse with the starry universe.

This fusion was to remove the repulsion of the starry universe toward them.

They were also fusing with the starry universe, which meant that they would be a member of the starry universe in the future, completely separated from the 9-origin universe.

Little Blue and little house had also fused with the starry universe.

And this fusion had lasted for over 100,000 years.

According to the information little house little blue had sent, their fusion was fast. The stronger they were, the longer the fusion would take.

After Xiao Lan’s small house had merged, the Suppressive Force had completely disappeared.

In other words, the current Xiao Lan’s small house was comparable to a level four master of their nine-origin universe in the starry universe.

This was definitely good news for Wang Xian and the Dragon Palace.

Xiao Lan’s small house no longer had the suppressive force of the starry universe. This was their home ground. Once Xiao Lan’s small house could be upgraded, it would be a huge battle strength for the Dragon Palace in the starry universe!

“Now that the Little Blue House no longer has the suppression power, they can totally upgrade their strength!”

Wang Xian looked at the news with excitement in his eyes.

Now, thanks to the Little Blue House, even Lan Qingyue could enter the starry universe without such suppression.

Moreover, the upgrade of the Little Blue House was to devour powerful creatures.

In the past, Kun had been feeding on the divine dragons, phoenixes, and other powerhouses of the peak races.

It was impossible to devour the Divine Dragons, but it was not a problem to devour the dragon blood.

In addition, it was not possible to devour the Phoenixes in the past, but it was possible now!

Wang Xian still had the corpses of the Phoenix and Angel races in his hands.

With so many corpses, Little Blue House would definitely be able to improve greatly.

In fact, as long as they were promoted to the level four of the Universe Dominator, the peak races would not be able to do anything to Wang Xian against the Dragon Palace.

Once they advanced to the fourth level of the Universe Dominator, Xiao Lan’s little house would be able to fight against those at the seventh level of the universe dominator.

Then, what was there to be afraid of for Wang Xian and the Dragon Palace?

The peak races?

Direct and direct!

The Angel Race? The Phoenix Race?

Direct battle!

If Xiao Lan and little house were stronger, wouldn’t That Be a slaughter?

Wang Xian’s eyes revealed an excited look.

He looked at the corpses of the peak races in his hands and the corner of his mouth curled up slightly.

“Looks like I have to store the corpses of the Phoenix and Angel races properly and upgrade Xiao Lan and Xiao Zhai.”

Wang Xian’s eyes were shining.

Once Xiao Lan’s Xiao Zhai was upgraded, the benefits would be too great!

His eyes were shining as he continued flying forward.

The resources in his hands could upgrade Xiao Lan’s Xiao Zhai to a considerable level.

At the very least, they would be able to reach the level of a Level 3 universe dominator. It was hard to say if they would be able to reach the level of a Level 4 universe dominator.

However, if Wang Xian could kill the next target, Xiao Lan’s little house might be able to reach the level of a Level 5 universe dominator.

At that time, they could even fight against existences at the level 8 universe dominator.

Many other plans could also be carried out.

He thought to himself and pushed his speed to the limit.

A year passed very quickly. Wang Xian was flying at high speed.

The distance from the Phoenix tribe to surround and kill the space behemoth was getting closer and closer.

“By the time I arrive, the Phoenix tribe should have already made their move. I wonder if the space behemoth has been killed. I hope not.”

He mumbled.

The Space Beast was not that easy to kill. Wang Xian felt that it would take a long time for three level six universe Dominators and the rest of the Phoenixes to kill a level three universe dominator.

Some battles might last for one to two years.

Wang Xian comforted himself in his heart and continued to fly forward.

A few months passed once again and his speed slowed down.

This was because according to the memories of the Phoenix Tribe’s experts, they were in the void ahead.

As for the exact location, he wasn’t sure.

He scanned his surroundings and sized up his surroundings vigilantly.

This was because the Phoenix tribe’s experts were hunting the space behemoths. It could be an ambush or a trap.

Therefore, he had to be careful.

He advanced cautiously bit by bit. After more than ten hours, Wang Xian suddenly felt waves of terrifying energy fluctuations coming from the front.

His eyes lit up and he flew over carefully.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

When he rushed over, he felt waves of terrifying energy surging over.

In his line of sight, an incomparably huge space behemoth was emitting a monstrous aura.

This space beast was like a gorilla, its body was terrifying and its entire body was pitch black.

The black fur on its body was like an extremely sharp metal weapon.

However, at this moment, the gorilla-like space beast was completely trapped by the water ropes.

The water ropes came from three directions and each of them grabbed onto the claws of the three water phoenixes.

Around them, there were twenty water phoenixes attacking the space behemoth continuously.

Under the restraint of the water rope, the space behemoth could not break free at all. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

In fact, the water rope did not move at all.

Furthermore, the twenty water phoenixes, who were at level four or five and were masters of the universe, were attacking the space behemoth continuously. Numerous wounds appeared.

“Eh?”

Wang Xian looked at the battle in front of him with a surprised expression.

The three water phoenixes, who were at the sixth level of the universe Dominators, had completely restrained the space behemoth, rendering it unable to resist at all.

This suppression was extremely powerful.

Wang Xian stared at the water rope. He could sense a terrifying restraining spell from it.

“This water rope is not simple. I feel that even a master of level seven could be completely bound by this water rope.”

Wang Xian made a judgment in surprise.

“As expected of a peak race. Even if a master of level eight could not enter, their background and techniques are still not something that the dragon palace can compare to.”

Wang Xian stared at it and sensed with his mind.

In the end, he had a judgment. Once he was bound by this water rope, he would probably not be able to break free.

However, his speed was very fast. The other party might not be able to bind him.

However, Wang Xian did not dare to gamble. If this water rope possessed a special energy, he would be at a huge disadvantage!

“At this speed, this space beast will be grinded to death by the group of water phoenixes within a few months.”

Wang Xian calculated in his heart.