Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3817 3816 muddy land, under the space beasts

“Alright!”

When Lan Qingyue heard Wang Xian’s words, her eyes lit up.

She stared at the space beasts and waved her arm!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

In an instant, waves of grey energy burst out from their bodies.

This grey energy seemed to be corporeal.

In the surroundings, it instantly formed a grey sea.

“Kun rises from the sea!”

Lan Qing Yue shouted softly, directly standing in the air above little white and little white.

The grey sea surged towards the other 7 Cosmos!

The terrifying energy caused the 7 ruler level 6 Cosmos Beasts to feel a sense of threat!

One of the Cosmos Beasts flew out from its body, attacking Lan Qing Yue and the others!

“Woo Woo Woo!”

“Woo Woo Woo Woo!”

Xiao Zhai, Xiao Bai and the rest let out a low roar. The gray energy on their bodies condensed into fish and covered them.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

The intense sounds of collision and explosion continued to ring out.

The terrifying shockwaves came towards Wang Xian.

However, the shockwaves of this battle were easily blocked by the Tai Chi Dragon Plate when they landed on Wang Xian’s body!

Lan Qingyue and the rest, together with the five elements millstone, were enough to help him to pin down seven level six cosmic beasts.

As for him, he only needed to fight against a level six cosmic beast.

He rushed over and his body was surrounded by light and dark divine dragons.

“Roar!”

When the Cosmic Beast saw Wang Xian rushing over, its blood-red eyes revealed a brutal look.

It was also rushing towards Wang Xian. Its body looked extremely soft and was filled with a sticky feeling.

That blood-red light dot contained a strange energy!

“Roar!”

Wang Xian waved his arm and punched forward.

The two energy dragons, light and darkness, were attacking him.

“Buzz!”

On the space beast opposite him, a blood-red light dot instantly went up to him.

The Dot of light did not have any strange shapes or any rules. Its attack looked very primitive.

However, this blood-red dot of light contained a terrifying power.

The Dot of light collided with the light and dark energy divine dragon and slowly dissipated.

The light and dark energy divine dragons continued to attack it.

It shook its huge body and directly collided with the light and dark energy divine dragon.

Its entire body was like a strange piece of flesh and blood.

As the light-dark divine dragon entered his body, his body continued to squirm.

When Wang Xian saw this scene, his expression did not change. He continued to fly towards him at the same speed.

The space beast emitted a glow and welcomed him.

The collision began!

Buzz

The red light spots on the Space Beast’s body started to stir. Its flesh and blood squirmed. Suddenly, a terrifying bloody mouth appeared in front of Wang Xian!

This bloody mouth went straight for Wang Xian to devour him.

Wang Xian did not attack. The Taiji Dragon on his body spun and charged straight into the space.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

The interstellar beast let out a joyful sound as if it was celebrating the end of this great battle. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Xian was devoured by it. A terrifying energy charged towards him.

However, at this moment, Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face.

The strongest aspect of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was its defense.

At the same time, it could carry out a terrifying backlash.

As long as one could not break through the Tai Chi Dragon Plate’s defense in an instant, one would suffer a terrifying backlash.

In terms of offensive power, the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was much better than the five elements grinding mill.

However, in terms of defense and the backlash, the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was extremely terrifying.

Wang Xian was swallowed by the Space Beast and was attacked instantly.

The Tai Chi Dragon Disc began to spin to protect Wang Xian. At the same time, waves of cursed energy rushed into the Space Beast’s body.

“Ahhhhh!”

Soon, the space beast that was celebrating suddenly let out a horrifying scream.

Its body started to bleed and a large amount of blood gushed out.

Waves of terrifying energy attacked his body.

At the same time, a wave of energy was pressing towards Wang Xian, trying to force him out!

“Since I’m already here, do you still want me to leave?”

Wang Xian chuckled. He waved his arm and the light and darkness forces charged towards the body of the space beast.

Boom

The instinctive counterattack caused blood-red meatballs to appear in the body of the space beast.

These meatballs attacked Wang Xian.

Boom! Boom! Boom

The meatballs exploded with a terrifying energy and engulfed Wang Xian in an instant.

“Woo! Woo!”

However, a miserable scream came from the mouth of the space beast. It twisted its body crazily and its vitality was decreasing at a terrifying speed.

“Die!”

Wang Xian smiled when he saw this scene.

If it wasn’t for the space beast swallowing him into its stomach, it would take a long time for Wang Xian to kill it.

However, swallowing him into its stomach and attacking him indiscriminately was completely self-defeating.

Its attack couldn’t break the Taiji Dragon Plate. Furthermore, it was attacking inside its body. It was as if it was attacking itself without putting up any defense.

This caused his vitality to be depleted rapidly.

Wang Xian moved his body and charged directly at the flesh and blood on top of him.

“Roar Roar Roar!”

In the next second, he transformed into an incomparably huge divine dragon body. The Taiji Dragon Plate covered his body and directly broke through the body of the Space Beast.

The terrifying wounds and the injuries just now caused his life force to drop drastically.

Death!

“The first one, the first one has been eliminated. There are still seven left. Next, it will be simple!”

Wang Xian’s eyes focused.

Lan Qingyue and two Kun were sufficient to deal with five of them easily. The Tai Chi Dragon Disk was also able to deal with three of them.

Now, another one had died.

They had already formed a powerful suppressive force.

Wang Xian transformed into his divine dragon form. He stared at the nearest space beast that was in the level six realm and charged straight at it!

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

The space beast that was at the level six realm let out a terrified roar when it saw Wang Xian killing one of its clansmen and charging at it!

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

However, in the next second, his roar became excited.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

At the back, more than a dozen space beasts below the level six realm responded. They flew towards the space beast in unison.

Under Wang Xian’s astonished gaze, the more than ten space beasts at level four and five surged into the body of this space beast.

They fused perfectly.

They were like flesh and blood as they fused together perfectly.

The strength of the space beast that was fused had obviously increased a little.

“If you fuse, all of you will die!”

Wang Xian let out a low growl and charged at it without slowing down.

“Roar! Roar!”

At this moment, an identical body suddenly appeared on the body of the interstellar beast that had been fused with a level six overlord.

The entire body elongated and this body attacked Wang Xian directly.