Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3824 The Battle of 3823 was about to begin

Time passed by quickly. Wang Xian was repairing the tai chi dragon plate at that treasure ground.

As the realm of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate was higher than Wang Xian’s own realm, it would take a long time to repair it.

Ten thousand years passed by quickly, but the repair was still incomplete.

However, during these ten thousand years, the improvement of the demonic dragon species was extremely terrifying.

1,000 succubus dragon species had all broken through to the universe ruler Level 2.

Even the succubus dragon leader’s strength had already reached the universe ruler level 3.

The growth of a ruler level warrior required a large amount of time each time!

The fact that the succubus dragon species could rise so quickly, if word got out, it would definitely cause a huge shock.

As for the improvement of the spirit red bone, it was even faster!

He had already reached the level of a master of level four.

“I still need at least a few hundred thousand years before the Tai Chi Dragon Plate can make a complete breakthrough!”

Wang Xian looked at the recovery of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate and shook his head.

The Tai Chi Dragon Plate relied on the energy of the heart of Light and darkness. Since the heart of Light and darkness was located in Wang Xian’s body, it was necessary for him to accumulate and mobilize the energy.

This resulted in Wang Xian being too weak. It would take too long for the Tai Chi Dragon Disc to fully recover!

If Wang Xian could advance by two levels, the recovery speed of the Tai Chi Dragon Disc would be reduced by hundreds of times.

However, he had no other choice.

Anyway, there was nothing much to do now. He could only wait.

Currently, tens of thousands of years had passed. Nothing had happened in the starry universe.

Although the news of the belief universe had spread out, there was still no news of an outbreak of battle.

Be it the belief universe or their nine-origin universe, both parties would be very careful during the first collision!

It was impossible for them to launch a rash attack.

Time passed and more than 200,000 years passed in the blink of an eye.

Buzz Buzz

On this day, a message came from Wang Xian’s communication stone plate. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

When he opened it and saw the contents, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

The battle had begun!

The first wave of battle erupted from the voodoo race. This news was also spread by the voodoo race!

They met with the disciples of the mighty ones who believed in the universe and a battle broke out.

The voodoo race had killed more than 10,000 disciples of the mighty ones who believed in the universe. Among them, they had killed a level seven pantheon.

Moreover, the shaman clan had sent a message.

“The shaman clan has confirmed that by killing pantheon gods of the same level and absorbing their belief hearts, the chances of a breakthrough will be increased by 50% !”

As soon as this message was sent out, it caused a great shock.

“Have the great beings of the shaman clan already engaged in a great battle with the belief universe?”

“It seems that the shaman clan has achieved a complete victory in their clash. They actually killed a level-seven pantheon. They are too powerful!”

“The shaman clan is very powerful. They’ve already passed several aeons. Each and every one of them is incomparably powerful!”

“Absorbing the Faith Hearts of the other gods of the same level can actually increase our chances of breaking through. Isn’t this too crazy? I’m going to hunt down the Pantheon!”

“Gan, the benefits are actually so great. Doesn’t that mean that if we can obtain the Faith Hearts of the peak-stage venerables, doesn’t that mean that our chances of breaking through to the ruler realm will increase by 50% ? This is an extremely terrifying probability.”

“Is this the Battle of the Universe? No wonder every calamity comes with a terrifying battle. I didn’t know that I could obtain so many benefits and kill all the gods who have faith in the universe.”

On the universe’s AI, the news of the voodoo race caused an uproar.

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he looked at the information!

“The voodoo race shouldn’t be lying. If they can hunt down a large number of gods, it will be able to help the disciples of the Dragon Palace break through quickly!”

Wang Xian mumbled.

The breakthrough of the disciples of the Dragon Palace was no longer lacking in resources.

What they lacked was time!

What they lacked was comprehension.

The heart of faith could greatly shorten the time needed for comprehension and breakthrough!

To the Dragon Palace, the heart of faith was extremely important!

“The Tai Chi Dragon Plate will be fully recovered in another 50,000 to 60,000 years. There’s no rush!”

Wang Xian mumbled as he read the news.

At the same time, he sent a message to the hunting team of the Dragon Palace, looking for an opportunity to hunt the gods who believed in the universe.

With Xiao Lan around, it shouldn’t be a problem for them to hunt. In fact, it could even be said to be very simple!

Time continued to pass!

In the following days, there were more and more wars between the nine-origin universe and the belief universe!

One by one, the hunting teams of the pinnacle races began to clash with the teams of the belief universe.

More and more powerful disciples joined in.

Ambush, sneak attack, encirclement, and slaughter!

For a time, the position at the edge of the starry universe became the battlefield between the starry universe and the belief universe.

The strength of the belief universe was not weak, and the strength of the pinnacle races was also very strong.

The battle wasn’t one-sided. In the short span of tens of thousands of years, there were even 9-origin universe masters at the Level 7 realm who died!

Every day, all kinds of news spread within the communication stone plate.

After the battle broke out, the Dragon Palace’s hunting squad also joined in.

Different from other peak races, the Dragon Palace’s hunting squad only served as a messenger.

The ones who attacked were mostly blue, and the other experts of the Dragon Palace didn’t attack at all.

With Blue’s attacks, they killed tens of thousands of disciples of the belief universe.

Many of them were only comparable to venerables.

There were only a few hundred rulers!

The strongest was a rank six pantheon.

But even so, this harvest was very strong for the Dragon Palace.

Because these hundreds of ruler-level experts had gained a lot of faith after killing them.

Now, the Dragon Palace had the baptism Dragon Pool and the flame heart treasured land, which could help the experts of the Dragon Palace improve quickly.

The Baptism Dragon Pool and the flame heart treasured land could both give birth to a large number of ruler-level experts in the Dragon Palace.

In such a short period of time, the number of members in the ruler realm of the Dragon Palace, including the charming dragon seed, had reached nearly 3,000!

Among them, the heart of faith was indeed of great use.

Among the nearly 3,000 masters in the ruler realm, the charming dragon seed was the strongest.

In these hundreds of thousands of years, the lowest realm of the charming dragon seed had also reached the ruler realm level three, and more than a dozen of them had reached the ruler realm level four.

Other than that, what surprised Wang Xian was that when the black resurrection Lily had advanced to the level of a ruler, it possessed an extremely terrifying ability!

Resurrection!

From what Wang Xian could see, the resurrection was an extremely abnormal and terrifying ability.

It could allow one’s body to go back to the past.

In other words, the Resurrection Lily, which was at the level of a ruler at level one, could go back to a second ago.

A ruler of Stage 2 could go back two seconds.

And so on!

And the ability to go back was like retracting.

If in this one second, he suffered an attack that was enough to destroy him, he could use the resurrection Lily to go back to before he was attacked.