Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3826 3825 Dragon Palace made their move

The matter of the royal family caused a huge commotion on the communication stone plate.

Wang Xian looked at the news and his eyebrows twitched slightly.

He didn’t expect that a hunting team from a peak race would be wiped out so quickly.

Although the royal family was considered to be relatively weak among the peak races, their hunting team couldn’t be much weaker.

They definitely had the strength to contend against the gods of level eight.

However, they were still destroyed!

“Looks like the strength of the Gods of faith is indeed not simple!”

Wang Xian mumbled.

“We’re almost there!”

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the distance between him and Xiao Lan and smiled.

After he arrived, he could send Xiao Lan back.

Xiao Lan’s body size was still too big after all, and it was a little inconvenient.

Wang Xian had the tai chi dragon disc and the five elements great mill, which could easily kill all the gods who were at level nine.

He could also easily kill the space behemoth who was at level six.

“Dragon King!”

“Master!”

Not long after, Wang Xian met Xiao Lan and the rest. Bei Shuang and the disciples of the Dragon Palace bowed respectfully to Wang Xian!

Wang Xian glanced at them and nodded with a smile on his face.

“Xiao Lan, go back to Qing Yue’s side. Leave this to me!”

Wang Xian instructed Xiao Lan.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Xiao Lan nodded. A black hole appeared beside her and slowly disappeared!

“Xiao Shuang, demonic eight Qi, what’s the situation now?”

Wang Xian asked them.

“Dragon King, ever since the hunting squad of the royal family was destroyed, our nine-origin universe has been on the defensive. The other peak races are much more careful now.”

Baqi reported.

“Is there any information about the universe’s experts?”

Wang Xian continued to ask.

“Not at the moment.”

Bei Shuang shook her head. On the Dragon Palace’s side, it was bei Shuang and the rest who were looking for the disciples of the universe’s experts. Xiao Lan then destroyed them.

However, the starry universe was very big. It would not be easy to find them!

“Dragon King, if you want to make a move, I think you can ask the other peak races for some information. They know much more than us. They must know the location of the Universe Masters of Faith. I just don’t know if they will tell us.”

“According to the chat group of the hunting team of the peak races, there are already hunting teams of the peak races ready to join forces!”

Mo Sha said to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

There were still fewer disciples and spies in the Dragon Palace compared to the peak races.

With Wang Xian’s current strength, if he were to make a move himself, as long as he could find the gods who believed in the universe, he was confident that he could destroy them all.

“Now that the peak races are joining forces, they must share the gains. There is no need for us to cooperate with them at all. Let’s go deep into the universe and head to the channel of the universe of belief!”

Wang Xian said to bei Shuang and the rest!

The channel of the universe channel of faith into the starry universe was located in two directions of the universe. The distance between them and the nine-origin universe channel was very far.

Wang Xian was not prepared to fight with them here. Instead, he was prepared to fly towards the channel of the universe channel of faith.

There were definitely a lot of gods there.

The speed of hunting and killing the gods of faith there was much faster than here!

On this side, even if the peak races knew the number of gods of faith, how much would they know?

They would only know three to four teams at most. They would have to search for them themselves to destroy them.

In that case, they might as well go deep into the universe of faith.

When the time came, they would definitely be able to search very quickly!

Furthermore, Wang Xian had the ability to capture souls.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

The eight-limbed demonic fiend and the rest responded immediately. Their eyes sparkled.

“Let’s go. I’ll be in the middle of you!”

Wang Xian smiled at them and said. He kept the five elements Millstone and the Tai Chi Dragon Plate turned into an ordinary piece of clothing that wrapped around him!

Now, even if the belief universe had a powerful treasure that could detect one’s strength, it could at most detect that Wang Xian’s combat strength was comparable to that of a dominator at level seven.

This combat strength was very strong, but they could still kill him in the belief universe.

When they encountered Wang Xian, they would not choose to escape.

They would even carry out ambushes and ambushes without Wang Xian even looking for them.

As for the belief gods who did not have any treasures that could detect their combat strength, there was no need to mention it!

The group flew towards the depths of the universe at a very slow speed.

Bei Shuang transformed into a frost divine dragon and brought them along to increase their speed.

Wang Xian did not bring them along to fly. Instead, he concealed his strength.

They continued to fly recklessly. Decades of time passed in the blink of an eye.

As for the passage to the other side of the universe of faith, it would take them another thousand years at this speed.

However, a thousand years was nothing to them.

“Huh?”

On this day, Wang Xian was sitting cross-legged on bei Shuang’s dragon body. He suddenly raised his eyebrows and looked to the right.

His eyes flickered slightly but he didn’t say anything!

“Eh, there are a bunch of trash here. There are more than fifty of them. They are very weak!”

Not long after, a mocking voice was suddenly heard. Following that, Wang Xian and the rest saw a figure suddenly appearing in front of them.

He spoke unfamiliar words, but through his spiritual fluctuation, Wang Xian and the rest could hear it.

Looking at the figure appearing in front of them, Wang Xian sized him up.

This was the gods who believed in the universe.

A holy aura was emitted from his surroundings. This aura could make all living beings worship and revere him.

His appearance was the same as the humans in the nine-origin universe, but he was much taller. He was at least a thousand meters tall.

The gods from the world of faith appeared in front of them and spoke to the right.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, more than 100 gods from the world of faith flew over from the right.

They gathered together and there were faint shadows of believers around them. They were worshipping them.

“These 50 over gods are too weak. They haven’t been subdued yet. Let’s take them in as believers!”

More than 100 gods of faith flew over. They sized up Wang Xian and the rest and said.

“Haha, Alright. Although these 50 over gods are weak, they are still trash from the nine-origin universe.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Gods of faith in front laughed and said, their gazes landed on Wang Xian and the rest. “I know all of you can understand our conversation. It is my honor to tell all of you that all of you will become great believers of the gods. This is a great honor for all of you.”

“You dogs who believe in the universe. You are simply courting death!”

When Ba Qi heard their words, he scolded them with a cold face!

Wang Xian stared at them. His eyes were filled with awe as he waved his arm.

The five elements grinding appeared instantly!