Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3828 3827 killed the gods of faith

“The strength of this universe of faith is really strong. Just sending out one-third of the strong ones can suppress the peak races of the nine-origin Universe!”

After Wang Xian checked all the information, he couldn’t help but feel a little emotional!

With an additional universe, the number of strong ones couldn’t be compared!

The overall strength of this universe of faith should be stronger than the nine-origin universe.

The only thing that was unknown was the number of heaven-origin creation-level powerhouses in the belief universe and the nine-origin universe.

If it was nearly twice as strong as the nine-origin universe, then the nine-origin universe would be in danger!

Of course, this danger was only when the calamity was approaching.

When the calamity was approaching, Wang Xian had some confidence in fighting against the heaven-origin creation-level powerhouses!

After all, it would take billions of years for the calamity to arrive!

“Let’s go. Let’s continue deeper into this direction!”

Wang Xian pointed in a direction towards bei Shuang.

In front of the passageway in the universe of faith, there were a large number of gods who believed in the universe looking for their opportunities.

This number was double the number of people who fought against the nine-origin universe!

Wang Xian was prepared to enter the rear and start hunting!

Bei Shuang’s speed was still very slow in Wang Xian’s eyes, but he did not care too much about it.

Time passed quickly. After flying for a hundred years, they still did not encounter any experts from the starry universe.

In the next few decades, Wang Xian increased his speed.

At this moment, they had arrived at the area where the place of belief was active!

“Alright, the ten of you will form a group and spread out in the surroundings. The moment you meet the all gods of the universe, send the news immediately!”

Wang Xian stared ahead and ordered the group of disciples of the Dragon Palace.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

They nodded with a solemn look in their eyes.

The hunting in the Dragon Palace was mainly focused on the thorned dragon, the poisonous horned dragon, the arrow dragon, and the purebred divine dragon, the wind divine dragon.

They were all good at concealment and speed! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

They were going to look for the figures who believed in the gods of the universe. As long as they found them, they would report to Wang Xian!

Furthermore, Wang Xian was not planning to distance them too far from him!

Instead, he was going to conduct a search with himself as the center. Once he found them, Wang Xian could rush over quickly!

The group of Dragon Palace powerhouses led by the Beisheng Mosha and the rest moved their bodies and flew away immediately!

There were more than 50 disciples from the Dragon Palace and their strength had reached the Overlord realm. Their strength could be considered decent!

Of course, they were definitely not a match for experts who believed in the universe.

The group of people communicated with each other using the communication stone plate. They could see each other’s location.

“Dragon King, I can sense the aura of the gods over here. There should be their experts over here.”

A few months later, Mo Sha suddenly sent a message to Wang Xian from a position in front of them.

At this moment, Mo Sha was hiding in the void as he scanned his surroundings vigilantly!

He felt that his group was being targeted, but he had no idea where they were at the moment.

The other party must be very strong. They were definitely no match for him!

“A few ants actually ran into our belief universe’s domain. They really don’t know death!”

Right at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the side of Mo Sha and the others. It clearly entered their ears.

When Mo Sha and the others heard it, their expressions changed drastically. Their pupils revealed a terrified expression.

“Indeed, ten ants. With such strength, they still dare to step into our domain. However, it’s not bad. To be able to give us a few more believers, and they are even believers of the 9-origin universe, Haha!”

A young Pantheon said with a laugh, the corners of his mouth curling up slightly!

Mo Sha and the others swept over, and immediately saw more than 20 powerful warriors of the Pantheon locked onto them. Among this group of people, none of them were weaker than level four.

All of them were above level four.

After the young Pantheon finished speaking, he waved his arm, and one by one, faith runes attacked Mo Sha and the others!

“Twenty-five gods of faith. The strongest among them is the level six gods. Not Bad!”

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded behind them.

This caused the bodies of the twenty-five gods of faith to stiffen. They felt a great terror enveloping their hearts!

Buzz

However, in the next moment, the twenty-five gods of faith were easily suppressed by Wang Xian.

“Soul Catcher!”

He extended his palm toward the few level five gods and performed soul catcher!

The uniqueness of the gods in the universe made Wang Xian’s soul catcher limit to level five gods.

No matter how strong he was, he couldn’t do it!

However, level five gods were enough to know a lot of information.

Waves of information surged into his mind. After checking, he waved his arm and killed all of them.

“You guys continue to search. I’m going to a place!”

Wang Xian instructed mo sha and the rest. With a wave of his arm, the five elements grinding mill was left behind.

His body moved and flew towards the center of the starry universe!

Wang Xian received a piece of news from the few gods who believed in the universe just now.

It was news about a treasure land.

The power of the palace they were in occupied a territory. There was a treasure in that territory that could greatly enhance the strength of their physical bodies.

The strength of their physical bodies was also very important to the gods who believed in the universe.

That treasure land had a special energy and a terrifying gravitational force. It was very helpful to the improvement of their physical bodies.

Currently, tens of thousands of gods and disciples who believed in the universe were gathered there.

Among them, there were more than 4,000 who had reached the level of gods. There were more than a dozen who had reached the level of level seven gods!

Wang Xian flew over quickly with a burning look in his eyes.

If he could get rid of all the people there, it would be a terrifying improvement for the disciples of the Dragon Palace!

He flew rapidly with the help of the power of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate. According to his calculations, he would only need about a year to reach there!

Time passed quickly. Wang Xian was hurrying on his way.

A year’s time arrived quickly.

When Wang Xian arrived in front of the treasure ground, his body slowed down. The Taiji Dragon Disc was also hidden in his body!

Light and dark energy covered his entire body.

The power of concealment of light and dark allowed him to unleash his full potential!

The power of concealment was comparable to that of a master of the ninth level. Unless the gods here possessed powerful detection treasures, they would not be able to discover Wang Xian at all.

The gap between the two levels was already very big!

Wang Xian continued to fly forward.

In front of him was an incomparably huge star. It was a dark star that was round in the sky and round in the Earth.

When Wang Xian arrived in the sky, he immediately felt a terrifying attractive force!

This attractive force reduced his speed by 50% !

The strong attractive force gave him a strong pressure.

Here, he felt that his strength was being suppressed again.

However, his strength was being suppressed. The other people’s strength was also being suppressed.