Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 384: Underworld Shocked

The car left from Sky City, heading towards Rivertown.

It was a six to seven hour journey. Within the span of this time, this incident caused a huge uproar in the Underworld.

The Underworld had the Underworld website to facilitate the flow of information between martial artists, issuing missions and announcing some matters.

The Underworld had never been peaceful. Each day, there would be information about certain families being annihilated, certain experts being assassinated or certain experts reaching the Inborn Realm. To put it simply, the Underworld was a fast-changing and lively place.

All the sects and families paid close attention to the Underworld website to understand what was happening around the Underworld.

Today, a shocking piece of news was released on the website.

Subsequent to the annihilation of the Dark Conjurers, this was the second incident that shocked the entire Underworld.

In the forum of the Underworld website, a thread with a shocking headline popped up.

[Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown annihilated the Nine Lotus Sect with his own hands. All the experts of the Nine Lotus Sect were killed. Furthermore, he has killed Elder Feng from the Sacred Followers Guild and his disciple, Fang Huazi.]

When the thread appeared, it instantly attracted the attention of everyone.

The Nine Lotus Sect was a powerful First-class Force. They had five known Inborn experts, among which the young master of the Nine Lotus Sect was the most famous.

He ranked fifth on the Outstanding Young Heroes Chart and had reached the Inborn Realm in his thirties. His exceptional talents were even better than the Saints and Saintess of several other Sacred Sects.

This was a powerful sect with substantial numbers of talents emerging. Among the First-class Forces, they were also one of the strongest.

To become an Elder in a Sacred Sect, one undoubtedly had to be an Inborn level existence.

Moreover, the Elders of the Sacred Followers Guild were also largely powerful Miracle Doctors. Their names might not appear on the Miracle Doctors Chart but their medical techniques wouldn’t be any inferior to the top ten on the chart.

Yet, these two powerful groups had been annihilated.

When the people clicked into the threads, they saw photo after photo of corpses. These included the Elders and disciples of the Nine Lotus Sect.

Other than those, there were photos of corpses of Elder Feng and his followers from the Sacred Followers Guild.

When the people saw the large number of experts’ corpses, they couldn’t help but shiver.

[Four days ago, an Ancient Tomb was revealed in the Sky Mountains in the Sky City. Many forces would likely know about it. In the end, several powerful sects surrounding the Sky Mountains occupied the area. Among them, the Nine Lotus Sect occupied the most central position!]

[A Saintess from a Second-class sect also rushed to the Ancient Tomb in Sky City. She had a clash with the young master of the Nine Lotus Sect and was severely injured and gravely poisoned by him!]

[That young girl was the Saintess of the Thistles and Thorns Sect and its future Sect Leader. At the same time, she’s also the sister of Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown.]

[Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown is the youngest Miracle Doctor on the Miracle Doctors Chart and ranked ninth on it. Poison Doc once complimented him. It is said that Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown not only possesses incredible medical techniques, but he is also a Level 3 alchemist. His talents are exceptional and it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call him the proud son of heaven!]

[Today, Miracle Doctor Wang pushed his sister in a wheelchair and brought two Inborn experts with him to the Ancient Tomb in Sky City. With just a single sword with him, he easily crippled the young master of the Nine Lotus Sect and slayed the disciples of the Nine Lotus Sect!]

[When the Sect Leader of Nine Lotus Sect returned from the Ancient Tomb with the other experts of the Sect and Elder Feng from the Sacred Followers Guild, Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown slew all of them with a single sword. Holding his Inborn Spiritual Weapon in his hand, he fought with over a dozen experts and killed all of them!]

[A miracle doctor, alchemist and dreadful Inborn expert at the age of twenty! Looking through history, he’s definitely the only one. Among this generation of youths, who can possibly match him?]

[Who can possibly match him?]

A simple introduction together with several photos instantly shocked everyone who saw the thread.

The first comment on the thread was by the person who had started the thread.

[Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown is truly too insanely strong. With just a sword, no one could stop him. Nine Lotus Sect could be considered to be a very powerful Sect. Yet, they were annihilated by him alone. I have witnessed this with my own eyes and I’m still feeling the goosebumps at the thought of it. He’s too powerful. Killing five Inborn experts at the age of twenty alone. Among this generation of youths, who could possibly be a match for him?] Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The thread had only been up for five hours but had gathered over fifty thousand replies. The fervent attention paid to it pushed it to the front page.

[Is this real? The Nine Lotus Sect is a very powerful First-class Force. They have several Inborn experts. How could a twenty-year old young man annihilate all of them?]

[Unbelievable! When I saw this thread, I couldn’t believe my eyes. Is this even possible for a person to be so demon-like?]

[The four First-class Forces, Liuyun Family, West Mountain Sect, Emptiness Sect and Lawless Mountain Sect, were all present and had witnessed it with their own eyes. I was there too and the whole matter was even more astonishing than what the forum starter had described!]

[A twenty-year-old Miracle Doctor, alchemist and Inborn expert... Moreover, he’s factionless. How could this Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown be so insanely talented?]

[He’s too incredible and demon-like. Twenty years old! How can there ever be such a demon-like existence!]

...

[The incident has been verified. The strength of Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown is truly shocking. However, he has killed an Elder from the Sacred Followers Guild. This matter won’t just end as easily as this!]

[As the saying goes, those whom the gods favor often die young. Although the talents of Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown are truly exceptional, the Sacred Followers Guild will not let him off for killing Elder Feng from the Sacred Followers Guild without reservation!]

[I wonder how the Sacred Followers Guild will respond. With their pride as a Sacred Sect, this matter won’t end so peacefully.]

[The Sacred Followers Guild will most likely take action!]

[Giving this demon-like existence another ten years, he might very well reach the realm above the Inborn Realm. What an incredible talent!]

[Some people believe that Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown has already attained strength above the Inborn Realm. I just wonder if they are right!]

[Shocking! The Outstanding Young Heroes Chart has been updated. The former number one, Young Master Hai Long, has been pushed down to the second spot. Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown has made it to the top! Moreover, he’s the youngest of all!]

[If Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown survives, he will definitely be similar to the Island Master of Sea Serpent Island in the future. As just a single person, he would be an existence that could match up to an entire Sacred Sect.]

On the Underworld forum, all the martial artists were discussing fervently.

There were even people who were certain that if Wang Xian did not die prematurely, he would definitely play an important role in the Underworld in the future.

A twenty-year-old Inborn expert was already enough to impress everyone. Moreover, this twenty-year old expert could even annihilate a powerful First-class Force alone and kill the Elder from a Sacred Sect.

This piece of news spread rapidly to the upper management of each Sect. Regardless of their location, it was also quickly conveyed to the Sect Masters of these Sacred Sects.

A twenty-year-old existence that could slay five Inborn experts was indeed worthy of their attention.

All kinds of information regarding Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown quickly reached the hands of the experts from various families and sects.

The whole Underworld was shaken because of Wang Xian.

All the martial artists were astonished by Wang Xian’s strength.

Those terrifying gifts and demon-like talents...

He was someone who put the other youths of this generation to shame!