Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3833 3032, an important discovery, an important treasure ground!

“The land of virtual spirits. This place might be of some use to me!”

Wang Xian mumbled. His body moved and he continued to fly forward.

According to the information he received, the land of virtual spirits was mainly targeted at souls. This would be of great use to the Netherworld Ghost Avatar.

After all, the Netherworld Ghost Avatar was a very pure soul force.

The uniqueness of the Netherworld race was that they were able to ignore physical attacks.

Wang Xian had a premonition that this virtual spirit land would be of great use to his Netherworld Ghost Avatar.

He flew straight ahead. That direction belonged to the center of the starry universe.

Five years later, Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he looked around!

During the five years of flying, he met more than a thousand gods and disciples who believed in the universe. All of them were easily killed by him!

“I’m here. The land of virtual spirits is ahead. There seem to be more than 10,000 gods in there!”

Wang Xian looked at the location in front of him. His eyes sparkled with excitement!

The void in front of him was very special.

The entire void was gray and contained a strange energy.

This energy gave the living beings a very comfortable feeling!

Even though Wang Xian was very far away, it gave him a feeling of being clear-headed!

This made his eyes sparkle!

This was a treasure land!

In this treasure land in front of him, there were more than ten palaces’gods cultivating here.

With the decree palace as the main place, there were also many experts from the other palaces!

This was the biggest treasure ground in the belief universe!

Only experts at the Pantheon level could reach this place.

Wang Xian flew in. When he got closer, he immediately felt a surge of energy coming towards him!

“Eh?”

Wang Xian was slightly stunned. The yin-yang space of the Taiji Dragon Disk was activated. His entire body was instantly placed in a special space.

After the energy swept past, there was no difference in the arrival of Wang Xian.

“This is?”

Wang Xian looked ahead and his eyes flickered slightly.

The treasure ground in front of him had a powerful detection treasure to defend it!

As the biggest treasure ground obtained from the belief universe, it must have a powerful defense and attack!

“The detection power just now almost discovered me. This is a very powerful treasure!”

Wang Xian mumbled.

The treasure inside should be close to level nine since it was able to make him use all the powers of the Tai Chi Dragon Disk to avoid this scouting power!

One must know that the tai chi dragon disk could easily kill level nine pantheon.

Wang Xian flew forward carefully. As soon as he stepped into this domain, he felt a very comfortable soul power!

This power was ownerless and could be absorbed and condensed.

When the pure soul power was gathered together, it could be forged into a powerful treasure.

Furthermore, Wang Xian could sense that the soul power here had a great enhancement to the Netherspirit Avatar.

Wang Xian could even feel a strong attraction from the position of his heart.

This was the throbbing of the tree branch of the soul-returning tree!

The tree branch of the soul-returning tree seemed to have a strong desire for this space!

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled with excitement.

This was indeed a treasure land. If he occupied this place, he might be able to obtain unexpected gains!

He looked around. The deeper he went, the denser his soul power became. Neew n0vel chapters are published on n0ve(lb)i(n.)co/m

There were no gods of faith around him.

He went deeper and soon, a gray black hole appeared in his sight.

This black hole was incomparably huge. All the soul power came from here!

There were over ten thousand gods around the black hole!

Above these ten thousand gods, there was an incomparably huge illusory image of faith!

This virtual image of faith was formed by countless small figures. These small figures of believers sat cross-legged and chanted continuously, singing and praising!

Waves of the power of faith gathered together.

This majestic figure contained an extremely powerful combat strength.

This combat strength even shocked Wang Xian!

“What is this? The means they used to protect this place, right? This majestic figure condensed from the energy of faith is at least comparable to the strength of seven to eight level eight gods!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were filled with shock as he looked at it!

“In a few tens of millions of years, we, the god of War of faith, will be able to successfully condense it. At that time, we will have the strength comparable to our level nine gods. This will make it easier for us to occupy a larger land of treasures!”RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“In addition, we can also annihilate all the people in the nine-origin universe in the Starry Universe!”

At this time, a voice suddenly came from the front.

“Hehe, indeed. When that time comes, the resources of the entire starry universe will belong to us. Through this Faith War God, we will be able to obtain more followers of the space behemoths!”

A middle-aged man not far away said excitedly!

Clearly, this was a ten-million-year plan of the belief universe!

A few tens of millions of years was not considered a long time for a powerhouse of this level!

Now, a few years was merely the time to travel!

When Wang Xian heard their words, he looked at the bottom of the belief Phantom.

Below the virtual image, there were many books!

On the books were densely packed faith runes!

There were more than ten books. The faith runes on the books were slowly flying towards the sky.

They were guiding the soul power in the black hole towards the god of War of faith!

When Wang Xian saw this scene, he was deep in thought!

He was thinking if he should make a move!

However, after much hesitation, he did not make a move!

This group of people used this special method to guide the soul power to create a god of war. He could continue to wait.

When this god of war was promoted to a level nine god of war, he could make a move then.

Take it away!

Wouldn’t this be perfect?

When Wang Xian thought of this, a smile appeared on his face as he retreated.

In order to prevent any accidents, he did not leave. Instead, he waited here slowly.

He was prepared to wait for tens of millions of years!

Tens of millions of years did not seem like a long time to the current Wang Xian!

The development of the Dragon Palace also required the accumulation of time!

Regardless of whether it was the Succubus Dragon or the devouring dragon.

The Succubus Dragon was improving at a very fast speed.

The Devouring Dragon occupied the Black Codex’s treasured land, and its speed of improvement was also abnormally terrifying!

As for the Dragon Palace, because it had obtained the Faith Hearts of several thousand universe gods, its subsequent improvement would also be very fast!

Time passed quickly.

The battle between the nine-origin universe and the Faith Universe continued!

At the beginning, the Faith Universe had the upper hand.

But later, the Wizard clan erupted with terrifying combat strength, killing many of the belief gods.

The skeleton clan also erupted with the Skeleton Corps, displaying the terror of the Skeleton Corps!

The two sides quickly came to a stalemate!