Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3836 3035 harvesting leeks, a huge harvest!

“Weng Weng Weng Weng!”Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

“No, no, no, the pattern of the faith book, the word of faith!”

“Hualala!”

The Gods of the faith universe felt this almost destructive attack, and their faces were filled with shock.

The dozen or so gods holding the faith books immediately waved their arms!

The dozen or so books flew into the sky at the same time!

These books were all powerful treasures of the universe of faith.

With the help of the words on the books, each book of Faith was comparable to an expert at the level 8 ruler realm.

It was easy to imagine how terrifying the power of a dozen or so books could be!

However, what shocked the gods was that under this terrifying attack, the dozens of books were instantly destroyed. They had no ability to resist at all!

“How is this possible?”

When all the Gods of faith saw this scene, their faces were filled with disbelief.

They found it hard to imagine!

With the help of the power of the books of faith, this was equivalent to more than ten tier 8 gods!

Such a terrifying power was instantly destroyed. Then, what kind of existence was attacking them?

Everyone was extremely shocked!

“No, no, I want to Die!”

Seeing the energy enveloping them, everyone’s faces were filled with shock!

Their faces were filled with despair!

“Ahhhh!”

But very quickly, desperate screams sounded.

More than 10,000 gods had all died under this terrifying power!

This was more than 10,000 gods!

Among them, there were more than 30 tier 7 gods!

The group of Tier 7 gods who had just arrived were even more miserable!

They had just arrived, and they had already suffered such a fatal attack. It was simply too miserable!

More than 10 seconds later, the miserable screams completely disappeared.

They had no idea who had attacked them.

They also didn’t know where the enemy was!

They died in such a sullen manner!

Most importantly, their belief in the god of war had just been completed!

Wang Xian smiled after killing more than 10,000 gods.

He moved his palm and collected all the corpses. Then, he looked at the 15 faith books that were floating in the air!

These 15 books were bursting with powerful energy just now.

Unfortunately, they were facing the combined attack of the Five Elements Millstone and the Tai Chi Dragon Disk!

Under this energy, the Tier 9 gods would be instantly killed!

After putting away the 15 faith books, he didn’t immediately look at them. Instead, he flew towards the Faith War God.

It was called the Faith War God, but it was formed from the power of the soul.

It was similar to the Netherspirit’s clone!

Furthermore, it was different from the avatar of the Netherworld Ghost. He couldn’t control it as he pleased!

Wang Xian stared at the god of war and sensed it!

The power contained in it was indeed comparable to a ruler of level nine.

If he could keep it for his own use, it would indeed increase his combat strength by a lot!

Wang Xian stared at the god of war with a contemplative look on his face!

He didn’t know how to use it!

He had a method, which was to let the disciples of the Dragon Palace who were already dead fuse into the body of this soul warlord through the soul-returning embryo fruit. He would then be able to control the soul warlord and become an existence similar to an expert of the Netherworld race.

He would then become a powerful soul body!

Another method was to try to make his netherworld ghost avatar absorb it. If he could absorb it, he would be able to make his netherworld ghost avatar reach the level of a ruler of level nine!

Of course, it was hard to say if he could achieve that.

That was because the Netherworld race had yet to report that his Ghost Avatar’s realm was higher than his.

However, Wang Xian felt that it was not impossible for his ghost avatar to be stronger than him!

This soul body had been modified by the power of faith. His realm had already reached it. After his ghost avatar devoured it, there would be no problems with the shackles!

Therefore, there was still a high possibility of a breakthrough!

“This won’t do. I Can’t let the netherspirit avatar improve. If I improve myself in the future, wouldn’t it be a waste? There is a way to turn it into a weapon.”

As Wang Xian spoke, he stared at this Soul Phantom. His body moved and wrapped it with energy!

However, he soon realized that his energy could not shake it at all!

This phantom formed by the soul had been fixed by the gods of the universe. If he wanted to change it, he would need to use a stronger force to make it change!

With a wave of his arm, he completely enveloped the light and darkness energy of the Tai Chi Dragon Disc.

Following that, the powerful energy caused the appearance to change!

The God of war formed by the soul did not have a physical body. He could already change it!

Wang Xian thought for a moment and transformed it into the appearance of a ship!

Wang Xian wanted to transform it into a powerful weapon.

Now that he had the tai chi dragon plate for defense and the five elements grinding for attack, he could transform it into the appearance of a ship. It could be used for attack and could also carry him to fly!

This was a good choice!

Very soon, the god of war, which was created by the gods of the universe, became a soul warship!

After the appearance change, the next problem was the control!

After all, this ship was a dead object. It needed some control!

“Integrate some of my soul into it, just like an innate treasure.”

Wang Xian mumbled!

An innate treasure needed to be nurtured by oneself. After nurturing, one could control it as one wished!

However, there was one point. The time taken to nurture this ship would probably be very long.

The time taken would even reach millions of years!

This was like a weakling who wanted to control a powerful treasure. It would take a very long time to nurture and get used to it!

However, Wang Xian could still accept a few million years!

With a thought, Wang Xian immersed himself in it and carried out some nurturing!

Then, with a thought in his mind, he arrived above the black hole of the virtual spirit treasure ground.

Looking at the soul power that was constantly being emitted from the black hole, he moved his body and his netherspirit avatars appeared around him!

The four Netherspirit avatars immediately began to gather the soul power in this place, condensing the soul power in this place into a corporeal form.

This corporeal soul power could be used as a soul armor or to upgrade a ship. It could be anything!

However, at this moment, he moved his palm and took out the 15 books of faith and examined them carefully!

The gods of the belief universe could use these 15 books to seal the soul powers in this place and quickly condense them.

He wanted to feel around to see if it was also possible!

After sensing this book of faith, a shocked expression quickly appeared on his face.

Through his investigation, this book of Faith contained a space.

In this space, there were a large number of souls. This soul was extremely pious as it continuously chanted and prayed.

Their souls were constantly emitting energy as they ate this book!

In other words, each of these books was forged with the lives of countless living beings.

Become a mindless believer and pray in the Book of faith!