Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3842 3841 Army of faith, annihilating all the gods in one palace

The strength of the 24 palaces in the belief universe had completely exceeded Wang Xian’s expectations!

One Palace sent out more than 100 level seven gods. This number was not something that the nine-origin universe could compare to.

At the very least, it was not something that the Phoenix clan and the Angel clan could compare to.

One had to know that the number of powerhouses sent by the Angel clan and Phoenix clan to kill Wang Xian back then was only a few tens of level seven masters.

However, in their belief universe, each palace had sent over a hundred level seven pantheon.

The number of powerhouses was rather terrifying.

Of course, there was another possibility. Back then, the passageway to the starry universe had not been opened for too long. It was because many powerhouses from the angel and Phoenix clans did not come.

Regardless, the strength of this belief universe was very, very strong.

In particular, Wang Xian obtained a piece of information from their memories. The belief universe was comparable to the level nine pantheon, which was the combat strength of a level six space behemoth. Every Palace would send out one of them.

Wang Xian did not know how many level nine existences of the peak races in the nine-origin universe had such strength.

However, he knew that not every peak race had such combat strength.

From the looks of it, the overall strength of the belief universe was much stronger than that of the nine-origin universe.

“If the 24 palaces really want to join forces to eliminate the strong disciples who have subdued the nine-origin universe, the nine-origin universe might not be able to withstand it.”

Wang Xian mumbled.

After all, there were two universes in the belief universe.

There was still a gap.

However, Wang Xian was glad to see that they were so strong.

Each of the 24 palaces had a million troops. If they could be eliminated, it would be a huge improvement for the Dragon Palace!

One palace was equivalent to 80,000 gods, and the 24 palaces were equivalent to nearly two million gods.

How terrifying would the improvement of the Dragon Palace be if they were eliminated?

However, at the moment, if the 24 palaces were to join forces, Wang Xian was no match for them.

However, if they were to join forces, Wang Xian could eliminate them one by one.

The 24 palaces and the 24 factions were not all on the same page.

There were also contradictions and conflicts between them.

In fact, this contradiction and conflict was much stronger than the nine-origin universe.

It was only because of the existence of the nine-origin universe that they were united against the outside world!

I can launch a sneak attack and destroy them bit by bit

Wang Xian was making a plan in his heart.

Out of the twenty-four palaces, he had destroyed one and the other twenty-three palaces.

The other twenty-three palaces were not weak.

They were very strong. However, apart from the Tai Chi Dragon Plate and the great mill of the five elements, Wang Xian still had four soul items.

Some of them had yet to be fully nurtured.

Even so, he was able to fight against nine existences of the ninth level pantheon level alone.

In other words, even if four or five palaces were to join forces, Wang Xian would be able to destroy them all.

“Go and intercept them. Let’s see if we can destroy one or two more of the Pantheon and believers of the palaces.”

As Wang Xian spoke, his body moved and he flew to the right.

The experts of the 24 palaces were prepared to gather at a spot in front. Wang Xian wanted to see if he could intercept one or two more of the armies of the palace midway.

If he succeeded, his gains would be extremely terrifying!

His body moved and the soul battleship flew forward rapidly.

However, just as Wang Xian was looking for the gods of the universe, he was at the passageway of the universe of belief.

At the location of the Qianyuan Palace, the elder of the Qianyuan Palace who was there was suddenly stunned. He took out his communication device.

When he saw the aura on it, a furious aura shot up from his body!

“Kill, Kill, Kill!”

At the location above him, the shadows of the believers appeared one by one.

The faces of these believers were extremely ferocious. They were exuding an extremely powerful killing intent.

The killing intent instantly soared into the sky.

“Eh?”

The sudden change of the elder of the Qianyuan Palace caused the gods in the surrounding palaces to show a stunned expression, and they looked at him in bewilderment.

“Elder qianfa, what’s going on?”

An expert of the gods couldn’t help but ask.

Elder Qianfa of the Qianyuan Palace had a gloomy look on his face, and the shadow of the believers in the sky was still roaring.

He clenched his fists tightly, and his eyes were filled with a fierce killing intent.

“The entire army of our Qian Yuan palace has been annihilated!”

He said in a deep voice with a gloomy face and a changing expression. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“What?”

Upon hearing his words, the bodies of all the gods from the other 23 palaces trembled slightly, and their faces revealed a shocked expression.

“Elder Qian FA, what’s the situation? Could it be that the great beings from the 9-origin universe have set up an ambush on our side?”

One of the palace’s gods asked with a solemn expression.

Now, the 24 palaces had joined forces to wipe out the disciples of the experts of the nine-origin universe. Now, their Qianyuan Palace had suddenly been wiped out.

This was a million-strong army!

More than 80,000 gods.

This incomparably powerful force had actually been wiped out?

This was a major event.

It had to be taken seriously by all the experts of their palaces.

“It was a powerhouse from the nine-origin universe, but according to our resurrected disciples, it was the Dragon King of the nine-origin universe who destroyed the million-strong army of our Qianyuan Palace.”

“The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace had a terrifying supreme treasure, which rendered our Qianyuan Palace completely defenseless. He was killed in two moves.”

Elder QIANFA said with an unsightly expression!

This loss was too great for their Qianyuan Palace!

It was so great that they couldn’t bear it.

More than 80,000 gods!

And more than 100 rank seven gods.

As well as their Qianyuan Palace’s plan for the starry universe for the past tens of millions of years.

Now, it was all destroyed!

This blow to their Qianyuan Palace was too great!

“Dragon King of the Dragon Palace? The Dragon King of the nine-origin universe? The Dragon Palace of the new peak race?”

“This… two moves to destroy the million-strong army of your Qian Yuan Palace? This is impossible, right? What kind of power can destroy the million-strong army of your Qian Yuan Palace in two moves?”

The eyes of the gods of the surrounding palaces focused when they heard elder Qianfa’s words.

They were very familiar with the peak races of the nine-origin universe.

They also knew about the new peak race, the Dragon Palace.

After all, tens of millions of years ago, the Dragon Palace’s ancient god, kun-feeding master, had attacked them and killed many gods.

Now, the Dragon King had actually destroyed the million-strong army of the Qianyuan Palace.

This shocked them.

The Qianyuan Palace was not weak!

“According to our resurrected disciples, the Dragon Palace’s two treasures should be comparable to the strength of five or six rank nine gods.”

Elder QIANFA said with a gloomy face.

This was bad news for their Qianyuan Palace!

“The power of two treasures is comparable to the power of five or six rank nine pantheon gods? This?”

The faces of the Pantheon gods of the surrounding 23 palaces changed slightly and revealed a solemn expression.

This power was beyond their expectations!