Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3857 3856 was trapped

“Eh? That Dragon King has escaped!”

“He teleported away from here? What kind of treasure is this? He can actually escape?”

In the ocean at the edge of the infinite universe, the eight rank seven gods were surprised to see the dragon king disappear in an instant.

“Don’t worry. That Dragon King has been locked in our galaxy. He can’t escape. He will always be trapped here.”

A seventh-level pantheon said.

“Although he can’t escape, our star field treasure is only a fragment. The star field is too large, and the chains can only trap it within this large area, but they can’t teleport it over instantly. We need to search bit by bit, and we can’t leave this area yet.”

A seventh-level pantheon frowned slightly.

The starfield fragment in their hands was a fragment of a heavenly creation-level true treasure.

It had a part of the ability of a heavenly creation-level true treasure.

This included the Starfield chain.

Once the Starfield chain entered one’s body, it was equivalent to entering the Starfield heavenly creation-level true treasure. As long as one was within a certain area, they could instantly pull one back.

This area was very vast. After all, it was the area of the Heavenly Creation Supreme Treasure.

It covered a very wide area. Even if they all searched, it might take them ten thousand years.

Ten thousand years, and this was under the situation where the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was not moving. Once he tried to hide, it would depend on their luck.

Moreover, because it was a broken heavenly creation supreme treasure, many of its functions were missing.

They could not leave this area either.

Once they left, the effects of the starfield chains would disappear.

But no matter what, the power of this starfield fragment was still very terrifying.

“As long as we trap the Dragon King in a certain area, we will have a way to kill him. If it doesn’t work in a thousand years, then it will take ten thousand years. If it doesn’t work in ten thousand years, then it will take a hundred thousand million years. Even if it takes ten million years, it doesn’t matter. Sooner or later, we will be able to kill him.”

A seventh-level pantheon said, his eyes shining.

The other seventh-level pantheon also nodded in agreement.

“Let’s go and Find Your Dragon King. If we are lucky, we might be able to find him within a few years. After all, our faith can still hold out for a few hundred years.”

A seventh-level pantheon said as he quickly flew forward.

“In the end, we will destroy him within a few hundred years. Otherwise, we will have to try our luck.”

…

“Let’s go back first!”

At the same time, Wang Xian, who was at another location, looked around.

After he sent a safe message to LAN qingyue, he immediately sent a message to an lie.

After an lie received the message, he appeared beside him very quickly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Let’s Go!”

Wang Xian gestured to an lie.

An lie nodded and enveloped Wang Xian with his energy.

Buzz

However, Wang Xian’s figure disappeared in an instant. To his astonishment, he realized that he didn’t return to the Dragon Palace.

Instead, he was still in the ocean at the edge of the boundless starry sky.

He frowned and his expression kept changing.

“Dragon King? What happened? I felt that you suddenly disappeared when I was teleporting you, Dragon King.”

An Lie’s message was sent over very quickly.

Wang Xian looked at this message and a hint of shock appeared on his face.

An Lie’s ability had actually failed.

“What kind of ability is it that can render an lie’s teleportation ability useless? You must know that even the powerful defense of the grotto-heaven blessed land in the nine-origin universe has no effect on an lie?”

“What grade of treasure is that? How can it be so strange and powerful? is the starfield fragment just a fragment? If a fragment has such an ability, then…”

Wang Xian’s eyes focused. He had a guess in his heart.

If a fragment had such an ability, then this fragment could only be a fragment of a treasure.

An Ultimate Treasure of the Heaven’s origin creation level.

Wang Xian was not surprised that the belief universe could produce an ultimate treasure of the Heaven’s origin creation level.

He was not too surprised that it could produce a treasure fragment of the Heaven’s origin creation level.

However, he did not expect that the gods of the belief universe would not hesitate to use such an ultimate treasure to deal with him. ”…”

“They really think highly of me!”

Wang Xian mumbled.

Now, he was in trouble!

He seemed to be trapped in a domain.

He tried to fly forward, but a substantial chain suddenly appeared in front of him. This chain completely blocked the road ahead.

“Boom! Boom!”

Wang Xian’s mind stirred. He held a soul spear in his hand and attacked the top.

However, the attack didn’t leave any marks on the surface.

This kind of defense was obviously not something that Wang Xian could break.

“I can’t break it or dodge it. I don’t even know how big this area is. If it’s small, it’ll be troublesome.”

Wang Xian mumbled.

If this area was really small, he might really die here.

He moved his palm and left a mark here. Then, he flew along the edge of this area.

After flying for a year, he had yet to arrive at the location he had marked.

“It seems like this area is really big. It’s so big that it’s beyond my imagination. Moreover, the eight gods didn’t chase after me. It seems like they don’t know my location.”

Wang Xian spoke.

However, there was still a problem. They had a way to lock onto his position.

In other words, they were still looking for him.

“This is really troublesome. I should continue to hide. After Xiao Lan and the rest upgrade, I must make the belief universe pay a terrible price!”

Wang Xian spoke with a cold gaze.

His body moved and he continued to fly forward.

His speed was very fast. He was not slower than the group of level seven pantheon. In fact, he was much faster.

After all, he had a soul battleship that was comparable to the level nine pantheon.

“HMM?”

When Wang Xian was flying forward, he discovered an energy crystal!

He scanned his surroundings and immediately flew over.

With a wave of his arm, he kept the energy crystal in his bag.

His body moved and he continued to fly forward.

He didn’t know if that place was located in the depths or at the edge of the ocean. He kept flying in one direction.

After flying for a few days, he encountered another energy crystal.

This caused Wang Xian to be astonished.

The number of energy crystals was beyond his imagination.

“What’s going on? Am I in the depths of the ocean?”

Wang Xian guessed in his heart.

Since the spatial scroll was sent randomly, Wang Xian couldn’t tell the direction.

However, looking at the number of energy crystals, Wang Xian felt that he should have entered the depths of the ocean.

His eyes became alert. He slowed down and flew forward.