Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3866: Three thousand eight hundred and sixtyfive killed three people and disappeared into the starry sky!

Translator: 549690339

“The Dragon King and the others are very fast. We have to think of a way to get rid of them, or else we’ll be finished! ”

The four rank seven pantheon gods were running in front of them. They felt the dragon king chasing after them, and their expressions were extremely ugly!

The Dragon King and the others’ strength had exceeded their expectations.

They could no longer match up to them!

“Damn it! ”

The four of them gritted their teeth and roared, “Explode! ”

As they spoke, they waved their arms and a majestic power of faith surged into the fragment of the Starfield.

The surging starfield fragment increased their speed by a lot!

In an instant, they pulled away from Wang Xian and the rest and fled forward.

“Huh?”

At the back, Lan Qingyue raised her eyebrows slightly when she saw this scene.

“They have the remaining energy from me. They can’t escape! ”

Wang Xian said faintly when he saw the four figures disappearing quickly!

Lan qingyue nodded her head.

“Huff! Huff! “

60% of the power of faith surged into the starfield fragment continuously.

They felt that they had escaped from the pursuit of Wang Xian and the rest and heaved a sigh of relief.

“Let’s Find a place to hide first and recover the power of faith in our bodies. When our reinforcements arrive, we will make the Dragon King of the Dragon

Palace pay the price! ”

A level seven pantheon said with a cold expression!

The other level seven pantheon nodded.

They continued to fly in one direction!

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! ”

However, when they slowed down for half an hour, they suddenly felt a familiar energy coming from behind them.

This caused their expressions to change drastically!

“Damn it, how did they know we were here? How did they catch up?”

The four rank 7 Pantheon’s expressions changed drastically!

They did not hesitate once more. Their bodies moved, and the power of faith surged into the Starfield fragment!

A large amount of the power of faith activated the power of the Starfield fragment, causing their speed to increase drastically once again.

This time, they had used up 20% of the power of faith. There was 20% of the power of faith left in their bodies in case of danger!

“Quick, Hide First! ”

Their bodies moved and found the locations of some secret manuals and crystals to hide their bodies.

However, in less than 20 minutes, they sensed Wang Xian and the rest again.

“We’ve been locked on. We’ve been locked on by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the rest with special energy! ”

One of the level seven Pantheon’s eyes revealed a hint of fear as he exclaimed in shock!

The other three level seven Pantheon’s expressions would also turn ugly.

“I have a treasure that can allow me to escape for a long distance in an instant. However, I’m the only one who can escape!”

A level seven pantheon suddenly spoke up!

The other three level seven pantheon were slightly silent.

“The power of faith in our bodies has been depleted too much. Let’s have a final showdown with the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. Whoever can escape will be able to escape. If not, everyone should have a resurrection treasure! ”

A level seven pantheon spoke with a solemn face! The other three could only nod helplessly.

“You can’t escape!”

At this moment, Wang Xian’s voice was heard!

This made the four level seven pantheon gods ‘faces turn extremely cold!

“Kill!

They let out a low growl and waved their arms. A surge of power of faith was injected into the starfield fragment!

One by one, meteorites that were like shooting stars covered Wang Xian and the rest at a terrifying speed.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Xiao Lan and the rest let out a low roar as waves of energy charged toward the meteors.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the Tai Chi Dragon Plate met the attack. Lan qingyue immediately unleashed a powerful attack to defend herself!

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

The collision began once again!

The attack from the starfield fragments was once again blocked by Wang Xian and the rest!

Wang Xian and the rest moved and immediately charged toward them!

“It’s over! ”

(‘We must kill this Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. We must! ”

The three level seven pantheon gods trembled violently when they saw this scene. Their eyes were a little red!

“Escape from the sea of bitterness! ”

The other level seven pantheon gods trembled. The Shadows of his believers appeared above his head. The Shadows turned into an ocean and slowly drowned him!

He spat out a bead which was like a relic.

Buzz

In the next second, the bead flew in a direction at a terrifying speed.

In the blink of an eye, it disappeared!

However, there was a corpse left on the spot!

One of the tier 7 pantheon disappeared, and the other three looked even more embarrassed.

They moved and controlled the fragment of the Starfield to attack Wang Xian again.

“Huh?”

Wang Xian was slightly astonished when he saw four level seven pantheon gods suddenly leaving behind a corpse. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

One of the level seven pantheon gods died mysteriously all of a sudden.

The other three level seven pantheon gods controlled the galactic fragment to attack them.

However, their attack power was greatly weakened once again! This power was no longer able to threaten Wang Xian and the rest!

“Let’s kill these three first! ”

Wang Xian growled and controlled the Five Elements Millstone, the Tai Chi Dragon Disc, and the soul spear to attack the three level seven gods.

Lan qingyue, Xiao Lan, and the rest also launched their terrifying attacks!

Boom! Boom

The terrifying collision sounded again. However, this time, the three level seven gods were hit by the aftershock of the collision and were instantly sent flying backward!

“Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, you will soon die at the hands of the experts of the universe of faith. Just you wait! ” One of the level seven gods roared crazily!

“You guys will die first! ”

Wang Xian snorted coldly. His body moved and appeared in front of them directly.

This time, the three level seven gods did not resist anymore.

The power of faith in their bodies was not enough for them to resist anymore!

They stared at Wang Xian coldly.

“PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!”

The soul spear penetrated their bodies.

“Whoosh! ”

Wang Xian ignored their corpses and flew toward the galactic fragment!

He moved his palm and a wave of energy wrapped around it!

“Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! ”

However, the galactic fragment emitted a ray of light and broke through Wang Xian’s restraints in an instant!

Stay here! ”

Wang Xian focused his gaze. The power of the Five Elements Millstone and the Tai Chi Dragon disc instantly surged towards it!

Whoosh

However, in the next instant, the fragment of the Starfield vanished into thin air!

“Huh?”

Wang Xian looked at the disappearing fragment of the Starfield and frowned slightly!

“It should be some strong people who believe in the universe who placed some restrictions on it. ”

Lan Qingyue flew over and said!

“What a pity! ”

Wang Xian said with a face full of regret.

It would be great if he could obtain this starfield fragment!

However, it was clear that the belief universe would not allow such a treasure to be lost.

It was even possible that there was an existence at the Heaven’s origin level who placed some restrictions on it.

It was to prevent others from taking it away!