Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3867: 38669-origin universe attack

Translator: 549690339

“Hu hu, Hu Flu!”

“It seems that they are already dead. Now, I’m the only one left. Damn Dragon King of Dragon Palace. ”

In an ocean at the edge of the endless starry sky, a seventh-level pantheon panted heavily.

Looking at the starfield fragment flying toward him, he muttered to himself with a ferocious expression.

This time, if he didn’t have the treasure to escape, he would have died!

Looking at the starfield fragment in front of him, he put it away.

The starfield fragment had the restrictions of the experts in their palaces on it.

They couldn’t take it away.

Even if the others were dead now and the Starfield fragment was in his hands, he still couldn’t take away the other parts.

He found a place to hide and sent a message. He waited quietly.

(‘I still can’t Get Out! ”

At the same time, Wang Xian looked at the invisible barrier at the edge of the Starfield, he frowned slightly. “The last level-seven pantheon should have escaped. The fragment of the Starfield should have flown to him. In other words, the level-seven pantheon is still within a certain range! ”

“Xiao Xian, how big is this range?”

Lan Qingyue stood at the side and asked with a slight frown.

“If I were to fly here, it would take me a few years to fly from one side to the other at a high speed. This range is very big. ”

Wang Xian said!

“Then what should we do now? Xiao Xian, you can’t stay here forever. Should we go look for the level seven pantheon?”

Lan Qingyue said.

“Let’s wait for your strength to break through again. ”

Wang Xian pondered for a moment and said, “The strength of this starfield fragment is at most comparable to the strength of a level seven space beast. If your strength breaks through, even if you are trapped here, you should be able to use your powerful strength to help me break through the restriction. ”

“Alright, Xiao Xian. If we want to make a breakthrough, we will need at least 10 million years or even longer! ” Lan Qingyue said. “It’s alright. We can afford to wait.”

Wang Xian nodded.

“Alright then. ”

Lan qingyue nodded helplessly.

“Qingyue, you guys can leave now. I will take a stroll around this area! ”

Wang Xian smiled and said.

“Okay!”

Lan qingyue nodded and led Lan Qing and the rest away.

Now, only when her strength increased would it be possible for her to help Wang Xian escape.

What he needed now was to break through as quickly as possible!

“Let’s go and look for that level seven pantheon. If we can find him and kill him, we can get out by ourselves. Let’s try our luck.”

Wang Xian mumbled.

The ability to search for enemies in the void had disappeared. He should have gotten rid of it.

Therefore, he could only rely on luck to search like the eight pantheon of the past.

Back then, the eight level seven pantheon of the past had searched for him for more than 20 million years.

Wang Xian began to search and time passed by little by little.

However, a few decades later, Wang Xian suddenly received a message.

When he received this message, he was slightly stunned.

The message was sent by Prime Minister Gui.

This message was sent by a peak race to their Dragon Palace.

A group of twelve peak races was preparing to have a meeting.

A meeting about a great war. They wanted to invite him to participate!

“A Great War, a meeting? A Great War in the nine-origin universe ten years later?

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and immediately replied prime minister gui.

He wanted Prime Minister Gui to go instead of him.

Now, he couldn’t go even if he wanted to!

Prime Minister Gui immediately agreed.

Currently, Prime Minister Gui’s strength had already reached the level of a ruler at level three. Although he wasn’t strong, he wasn’t weak either.

Moreover, he had already changed his job to the imperial dragon seed.

Time passed by quickly. In the blink of an eye, nine years had passed.

Wang Xian was flying aimlessly in this space. He already knew a lot about this space.

“The meeting should be starting soon! ”

Wang Xian looked at the time and muttered.

Today was the meeting time agreed upon by the thirteen peak races of the nine-origin universe.

“Didn’t the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace come?”

At this moment, at the location of the nine-origin universe passageway, a group of peak races had arrived.

On the Dragon Palace’s side, besides Prime Minister Gui, there were six other charming dragon species.

Six charming dragon species at the level six of the ruler realm.

It could be considered as a display of the Dragon Palace’s strength.

However, it was only a small display. After all, the charming dragon species had already given birth to many existences at the level seven of the ruler realm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

An expert from the Elf clan looked at Prime Minister Gui and asked.

“Our Dragon King can’t make it in time in the starry universe. Pm really sorry. I’ll be the representative this time. I’ll send all the news to our Dragon King as soon as possible, and our Dragon King will also give me an order as soon as possible. ”

Prime Minister Gui said.

The Great Elf of the elven race nodded.

“Since everyone is here, let’s begin!”

At this moment, an ancestor shaman from the Shaman Tribe swept his gaze across the twelve peak races around him and said.

The experts from the other peak races nodded slightly.

Prime minister turtle swept his gaze over them, and his eyes sparkled.

The ancestor shaman from the Shaman Tribe, the Radiant Angel King from the Angel tribe, and the Fire Phoenix King from the Phoenix tribe had arrived!

The other peak races were all led by peak-level rulers.

Prime Minister Turtle knew that this meeting was not simple!

“Calling all the peak races of the nine-origin universe here today is also a decision made by the witch clan and the other peak races. We are preparing to launch a general attack on the belief universe. Do you have any objections?”

“During this period, the belief universe has used the power of belief to make many of our disciples believe in them. We can’t continue to waste time with them. If we continue to waste time like this, it won’t be beneficial to us.”

“Moreover, now that we have a clear understanding of the power of the belief universe, if we fight, we should have an 80% chance of winning. Putting aside the gains from the heart of belief, if we defeat them and expel them from the starry universe, there won’t be any strong enemies to compete with us for the resources in the starry universe. ”

The ancestor of the Shaman Clan said.

“We have investigated the strength of the belief universe. We can make a move now. Moreover, with the strength of the 13 peak races in the nine-origin universe, it is enough.”

A leader of the demons also said!

Prime Minister Gui heard their information and raised his eyebrows slightly. He immediately passed the news to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian was also waiting for Prime Minister Gui’s news in a faraway place.

When he received the news, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

The nine-origin universe actually wanted to unite the powers of all the peak races to attack the belief universe?

Furthermore, they had a complete understanding of the power of the belief universe?

“They should not know the full power of the belief universe. ”

Wang Xian mumbled..