Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3871: 3870 to build a huge city

Translator: 549690339

“Sou Sou Sou!”

From the 9 Origin Universe Channel, numerous pinnacle race warriors flew over.

Prime Minister Turtle also flew over, his gaze sweeping the surroundings.

The Pinnacle Race Warriors were already in position!

They had even been here for a period of time.

The Pinnacle Race Warriors all had ugly expressions.

“What do you think we should do now?”

The first to speak was the ancestor wizard of the Shaman Clan. He swept his gaze across all the peak races around him and said.

“The strength of the belief universe has completely exceeded our expectations. We are not a match for the disciples of the masters below level 8. ”

A great elf from the Elf clan said bluntly.

The other experts of the peak races frowned.

They did not expect the attack of the belief universe to be so fierce. They did not expect that they had so many terrifying legions.

“According to the information we got from the voodoo race, the belief universe now occupies two universes, and the universes have been opened up. They have the power of 24 palaces, and each palace is equivalent to our peak races. ” A powerful warrior of the demon race said.

“Now we can only avoid their sharp edges. They can’t lock down our place, and it’s impossible for the entire army to be gathered together all the time. So we can fight guerrilla warfare, and every peak race can form hunting squads to secretly attack the belief universe! ”

A powerful warrior of the immortal nation said.

“But we have to be careful. The belief in the universe can forcefully make the disciples of our nine-origin universe believe in them. We have to be careful of this. ”

A Skeleton King from the skeleton race spoke.

The other peak races nodded.

“No matter what, we can not give up so easily. Let’s see if we can try to contact that group of Space Beasts. If we can reach an agreement with them, then everything will be easy. ”

A Fire Phoenix of the Phoenix race said.

“Them?”? “Primal Chaos, Feilian, Gong Ya, Yu Yu, and Xu Hao, these terrifying existences, would probably not agree. It’s possible for some of the starry behemoths below. Don ‘t your Phoenix race know other starry behemoths? We can’t contact them. ”

The angel race looked at the Phoenix race and said.

“Let’s try, but we might not be able to succeed. We have contacted them before. ”

A fire Phoenix said.

“Tell them that we are willing to pay. ” The Angel King of Light of the Angel Race said.

The Phoenix race nodded.

“The army of the belief universe has entered our territory. We are more familiar with this space. We will attack this space, and we will have a base! ” The Great Elf of the elf race said to them.

“Can we go to the base of your shaman race? The Shaman Race’s base is the most powerful existence. ”

An expert of the saint race looked at the ancestor shaman of the shaman race.

The ancestor shaman nodded.

In terms of defense, the shaman race was absolutely invincible among the peak races.

Currently, no peak race could break through the defenses of the shamans.

Legend had it that when the twelve ancestral shamans joined forces, they could match up to the fate of the Heaven’s origin.

The shamans were also known by all the peak races. They were a terrifying existence who did not have the fate of the Heaven’s origin but had passed through several eons.

The shamans ‘formations were the best in the universe!

In the starry universe, if they wanted to break through the shamans ‘base, they would need to be at least four to five times stronger than the shamans.

If the shamans wanted to defend a place, they would need to send out seven to eight times their strength to destroy it.

This was how powerful the shamans were.

The shamans were faintly taking the lead in this great battle.

(‘I have a suggestion. We should gather all the power of all the peak races and create a camp to create a powerful defensive land. ”

The black tortoise race that rarely spoke suddenly suggested.

The Pinnacle races heard this and raised their eyebrows.

This wasn’t a bad idea.

“This isn’t a bad idea. Every pinnacle race will take out powerful treasures to strengthen this huge city, but first, this huge city can withstand the attacks of the Faith Universe.”

The elven experts nodded.

The other pinnacle races also agreed!

Since we want to build it, then this is equivalent to a huge trading place and a safe place. Every pinnacle race must take out enough powerful treasures.

Otherwise, it will be useless.”

The ancestral Magus glanced at them and said indifferently.

“Of course. Our black tortoise can take out ten turtle shells at the peak of the ruler realm to defend the ground below. We can take out black soil and build a city wall. ”

The black tortoise expert said.

“If we really want to build it, our elf race can take out four war ancient tree saplings. If the cultivation of the war ancient tree is done with the blood of the

Space Beasts in the universe, it will not be suppressed by the universe.

However, this cultivation requires everyone to cultivate it together. ”

“Everyone should understand the importance of the ancient War Tree of the elf race. ”

The Big Elf who was the leader of the ELF race said.

“One feather from the King of angels of the angel race. Guard the sky. ”

The King of angels of light, the King of angels of the Angel race, took the universal artificial intelligence and sent out messages one after another. After a few dozen seconds, he said one sentence. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Work together to build a huge city?”

At the same time, Prime Minister GUI sent the news over.

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled when he saw the news.

It was indeed much more convenient for a group of peak races to build a huge city.

The amount of valuable items that each peak race offered would determine their position in this place in the future.

The Dragon Palace still had to participate in such matters.

After all, this was a collaboration between all the peak races in the nine-origin universe.

There was no harm in cooperating with the Dragon Palace.

“What does the Dragon Palace have to offer? What can they offer?”

Wang Xian frowned slightly and smiled. “There is one that is useful. ”

Other than the powerful fruits on the ancestral tree, there was nothing else that the Dragon Palace could offer.

In the past tens of millions of years, the number of fruits on the ancestral tree had reached a huge number.

For example, the soul-returning embryo fruit had accumulated hundreds of thousands of them.

These were definitely valuables of dragon palace, but they couldn’t be taken out.

Then there was only one other thing the cursed dragon.

If the cursed dragon was used to deal with the Great Beings of the 9 -origin universe, it might be a little difficult.

The Great Beings of the 9-origin universe wouldn’t attack the cursed dragon foolishly.

However, the cursed dragon was also a great killing tool for defense.

Especially since the cursed dragon that had died the last time had been resurrected and had completely recovered.

It was believed that the other pinnacle races wouldn’t refuse such a treasure.

After all, tens of thousands of cursed dragons could easily kill thousands of level-7 gods..