Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3876: 3875, the Phoenix clan that was looking for trouble

Translator: 549690339

The attack of the belief universe on the 9-origin universe team caused a huge shock.

This also caused the great beings and disciples of the entire 9-origin universe to not dare to stav outside, and they all returned to the space city.

The current Space City was the safest place in the entire 9-origin universe.

“Hiss, this is? What are they doing? Their direction is the direction of our

Space City! ”

Time passed day by day, and more than 20 days passed in the blink of an eye!

However, on this day, in a corner of the starry universe, a few experts of the 9-origin universe suddenly noticed that on the right, an extremely terrifying army was flying in front of them.

The Space Beast, a ruler at the level 6 realm, opened a path!

On it stood a large number of experts of the gods.

An incomparably huge picture of faith, with the words of faith surrounding it.

There were also a large number of gods standing on it.

There was also an arched bridge of faith that contained endless pressure.

There were also a large number of gods standing on it.

There were also all sorts of supreme treasures that looked extremely powerful from afar!

A few experts felt this scene, and their pupils constricted slightly. They looked at each other, and their expressions were filled with shock.

“What’s going on? Are they going to attack our Star City?”

“That’s possible. Quick, let’s tell the experts of our race this news.”

A few experts immediately passed the news over!

An army of tens of millions that seemed to believe in the universe was going to attack the Star City!

The news was quickly passed over.

“Perfect, let’s also see the strength of the belief universe! ”

“Yeah, we have so many terrifying defenses and 25,000 dragon palaces with cursed dragons. It shouldn’t be a big problem! ”

“They want to test our strength, but don’t we want to see their strength as well? Let the disciples of the Starry City Get Ready! ”

At the World Passage, a group of experts from the peak races of the nine-origin universe said indifferently.

The Star City was built with 12 top-tier races gathered together.

The power that could withstand it was very terrifying!

Not to mention anything else, just 25,000 cursed dragons were enough for the belief universe to endure!

But obviously, it was impossible to send the cursed dragons to their deaths right from the start.

The group of top-tier beings understood this point.

Soon after, a notice was issued at the Star City!

Notice: the belief universe will arrive at the space city within ten days. It is suspected that they will launch an attack on the space city. Please stay in the city and do not go out for the next few days.

“The army of the belief universe is actually going to attack our Space City?”

“The strength of the belief universe is very terrifying. They have more than twenty terrifying armies. Can Our Space City defend against them?”

“It shouldn’t be a problem. Can’t you see that the disciples of the top-tier races in Space City aren’t worried at all?”

“This is a space city built by 13 top-tier races. There are many true treasures in the city. Even if the army of the belief universe is very powerful, it won’t be able to break through. ”

All the disciples of the Great Beings in the 9-origin universe saw this news and kept discussing.

The group of experts from the peak races also received an order to defend the city.

In fact, they didn’t need to do much to defend the city.

Just the large number of arrays and defensive treasures were already terrifying enough!

When the time came, they only needed to control them!

However, they still needed some experts from the 13 peak races to stand on the battlefield!

When Prime Minister Gui received the news, he personally rushed over with a group of succubus dragon species!

The Warriors from all the pinnacle races still needed to be present for this attack of the belief universe!

At the same time, at the entrance of the 9-origin universe passage, the Water Phoenix King of the Phoenix race saw the news on the communication stone plate and smiled.

“Our Phoenix race has already made contact with a space beast race. If we can give them enough resources, they are willing to fight for us. ”

The Water Phoenix King said to all the powerful beings of the pinnacle races.

“Oh? What is the power of that Space Beast Race?”

The eyes of the pinnacle races lit up with excitement.

There used to be a group of space beasts living in their 9-origin universe, and there were quite a few of them.

They had activated their intelligence in the 9-origin universe, and now that they could contact them, it was definitely very good news for their 9 -origin universe.

“This race has five or six rulers at the seventh level. This strength is enough! ”

The Water Phoenix King said with a smile.

“It’s enough. It’s indeed enough. Then contact them. We will show our sincerity. ”

The witch clan’s ancestor immediately said, “It’s best if we can cooperate with them to explore the universe. ”

“Sure. I’ll get my subordinates to communicate with them. ”

The Water Phoenix king nodded. “This shouldn’t be a big problem! ”

The experts of the peak races nodded, their eyes shining.

“Aunt, we’ve connected with those space beasts now. It’s the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace! ”

Behind the King of Water Phoenix, a water phoenix suddenly asked in a low voice.

“There’s no reason to make a move at this time!”

The King of Water Phoenix glanced at the water phoenix behind him, his eyes twinkling as he replied indifferently.

“No Reason?”

The Water Phoenix repeated his words and nodded slightly. He took out his communication stone plate and sent a message.

Although the Dragon Palace had reconciled with the Phoenix clan and the Angel clan, hatred still existed.

Especially when Wang Xian had killed some of the Phoenixes and angels back then.

These phoenixes and angels also had their own family members.

A short-term reconciliation did not mean that some grudges could be resolved!

After the Water Phoenix sent a message, a cold look appeared in her eyes.

In the starry universe, the news of the belief universe army attacking the starry city had already spread for two days.

Some of the powerhouses outside the starry city returned to the city one after another.

They wanted to watch this great battle.

Especially the disciples of the pinnacle races. They knew a little about the power of the Star City.

Hence, they were confident that the star city would not be broken through.

Since there was no danger, they naturally wanted to watch this battle.

They wanted to see the power of the Star City and how powerful the belief universe army was.

The Disciples of the pinnacle races were not afraid. They returned to the Star City one by one. When the disciples of the advanced races saw this scene, they were naturally not afraid.

If the disciples of the peak races were not worried, what were they worried about? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This also increased the number of powerful disciples in the starry city to a terrifying level!

There were people everywhere.

Or people who had transformed..