Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3877: 3876, a disciple of the Dragon Palace who was killed

Translator: 549690339

“Let’s go. I heard that the Army of the belief universe is coming soon. Let’s go there quickly and be careful! ”

“Hehe, our gains this time are not bad. We may be able to advance to the third level of the ruler realm soon! ”

“Indeed. With the resources provided by our Dragon King, our speed of advancement is simply too fast! ”

“We haven’t seen our Dragon King for tens of millions of years. where is he now?

Not far in front of the Giant Star City, more than a dozen experts of the Dragon Palace flew toward the giant city with smiles on their faces.

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace were working hard to improve their strength.

Over tens of millions of years, the disciples of the Dragon Palace had grown a lot.

Some of the top-tier disciples had reached the second level of the ruler realm.

The top-tier disciples had reached the fourth level of the ruler realm.

Of course, the experts of the Dragon Palace didn’t count the succubus dragon seed and Ao Xie.

To reach the fourth level of the ruler realm in just tens of millions of years was already a terrifying speed!

It was all because of the heart of faith!

“It’s here. Attack directly and destroy it! ”

“Hehe, we can finally make a move. I’ve already endured the Dragon Palace for tens of millions of years. This time, we can finally make a move! ”

“In the past, it was because the Dragon Palace Dragon King relied on the ancient god Feed Kun master to gain the upper hand. If it wasn’t for the ancient god Feed Kun master, we would have already destroyed the Dragon Palace. How could we have the prestige they have now? Now that our elder wants us to make a move, we should be looking for a reason to destroy the Dragon Palace! ”

“The Dragon Palace isn’t strong enough to compete with our Phoenix clan. If it weren’t for some special reason, we would have destroyed the Dragon Palace long ago! ”

“Alright, let’s do it!”

At the same time, a dozen or so phoenixes not far away from the disciples of the Dragon Palace looked at the flying disciples of the Dragon Palace with cold eyes.

Stop! You despicable fellows of the Dragon Palace dare to steal our treasures. Take them out! ”

More than ten disciples of the Dragon Palace were flying toward the starry sky city. They were only a few minutes away from the starry sky city.

Suddenly, a cold shout was heard!

The disciples of the Dragon Palace were stunned.

However, in the next moment, they saw more than ten phoenixes attacking them.

Ice Blades attacked them!

“Watch Out! ”

The disciples of the Dragon Palace changed their expressions and quickly dodged to the side.

Boom! Boom

“If you want to escape, you can ‘t. We will kill you today! ”

More than ten water phoenixes flew over, their faces full of cold and awe-inspiring divine dragons. They flapped their Phoenix Wings and attacked.

The leader was a water phoenix at the third level of the ruler realm.

Although the third level of the ruler realm wasn’t very strong, it could easily chase after and destroy the dozen or so disciples of the Dragon Palace!

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

“When did we steal your treasures?”

The body of a disciple of the Dragon Palace in the center shook, and he immediately turned into a fire dragon.

He directly spat out streams of dragon breath to meet their attacks and roared angrily! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Are you still not admitting it? If you don’t, we will completely destroy you! ” The Water Phoenix in the middle roared with a gloomy face.

“We are not their match. Run, run to the starry city. There are experts of our Dragon Palace there! ” disciples of Dragon Palace sensed their Dower and their expressions changed drastically. They immediately flew forward!

“You can’t escape!”

“Die and take our treasures! Don’t think that we won’t dare to fight back just because you are from the Dragon Palace! ”

Dozens of water phoenixes flapped their huge phoenix wings at the same time. Sharp blades fell from the sky and covered the disciples of the Dragon Palace!

“They are looking for trouble on purpose! ”

“Despicable and shameless phoenixes, our Dragon King will not let you go! ”

Hearing their voices, the disciples of the Dragon Palace kept resisting the attacks from the sky as they shouted with extremely embarrassed faces!

“We are looking for trouble? We have given in time and time again. It is your dragon palace that has taken an inch and taken a mile. Don’t think that we are inferior to you just because we gave in to you last time. I will kill you today! ”

The Leading Water Phoenix roared loudly.

“Chirp! Chirp!”

A phoenix cry resounded throughout the world!

“What’s going on? What happened over there?”

“It’s the experts of the Phoenix clan. That’s the Phoenix clan. I think there are disciples of the Dragon Palace. Did they have a fight?”

“1 don’t know. I think they said that the disciples of the Dragon Palace robbed the disciples of the Phoenix clan, but the disciples of the Dragon Palace said that they didn’t. What’s going on?”

“It can’t be. The experts of the Phoenix clan are fighting with the experts of the Dragon Palace?”

At this moment, some experts in the starry city noticed the situation outside the city and looked surprised.

The dozen or so disciples of the Dragon Palace were very close to the starry city!

They had fled a distance while fighting, which made the experts in the starry city sense it!

Hearing the sounds and the location of the battle, they were all shocked!

Their eyes flickered as they watched carefully!

The situation on the other side quickly attracted the other experts and disciples in the starry city.

They flew into the air with surprised expressions and looked in that direction!

“How dare you steal our treasures? Die! ”

The disciples looked over and saw dozens of phoenixes approaching the group of experts from the Dragon Palace. Their leader, a rank 3 Water Phoenix, was covered by terrifying attacks!

The level suppression made the disciples from the Dragon Palace look back with fear.

Puff! Puff! Puff

After the energy was released, dozens of disciples from the Dragon Palace were killed!

“This… The experts of the Phoenix clan killed more than a dozen experts of the Dragon Palace! ”

“What’s going on? is the Phoenix clan going to war with the Dragon Palace?”

“No way! Is there going to be another internal conflict during the war between the nine-origin universe and the belief universe?”

The disciples of the experts were shocked when they saw this scene.

Especially when they saw the experts of the Phoenix clan kill the experts of the Dragon Palace!

The experts of the other peak races watched this scene with twinkling eyes. “They came in the end, but why did the Phoenix clan choose this time?”

“The grudge between the Dragon Palace and the Angel clan of the Phoenix clan can’t be resolved. It exploded in the end, but this time is special. ” On the city walls of the starry sky city, some experts murmured!