Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3880: 3879 and more than 200 level seven pantheon gods

Translator: 549690339

Sky palm restriction!

Numerous gigantic palms appeared around Wang Xian out of thin air.

One by one, the palms were connected together. The terrifying power of faith completely sealed off Wang Xian ‘s surroundings.

This palm had sealed off an entire stretch of starry sky!

Wang Xian looked at the space restriction power around him and saw the murderous gazes in front of him. His eyes flickered slightly!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

Before he could do anything, more than 200 level seven pantheon gods had already flown over and surrounded Wang Xian.

In the center, the eight level seven pantheon gods who controlled the fragment of the Starfield did not dodge when they saw Wang Xian. Stars flew out from the fragment of the Starfield and surrounded him as well.

It was a double blockade!

“Hahaha, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, let’s see where you can escape to this time. I want to see how you can escape this time!”

The only level seven God who survived flew over and stared at Wang Xian who was sealed in the center. A ferocious look appeared on his face.

He was roaring in excitement!

Wang Xian looked at him and swept his gaze across the more than 200 level seven gods around him.

“Your belief in the universe really thinks highly of me. This time, you actually sent over 200 tier 7 gods, Hehe!”

He revealed a faint smile and said indifferently!

“You can still smile at this time. Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, do you really think that we can’t do anything to You? “Let me tell you, as long as we can kill you, we can bring your corpse back. When that time comes, the experts of our belief universe will pursue you with their belief. Even if you have the ultimate treasure of resurrection, we can still kill you! ”

The level seven pantheon said with a grim expression!

The tens of millions of years of hunting and fleeing had also given them a detailed understanding of Wang Xian’s strength!

In their opinion, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was at most an existence who could dominate the level seven realm.

All of them relied on their treasures to burst forth with strength comparable to that of the level nine pantheon.

However, they were already very clear about all of Wang Xian’s trump cards.

During these tens of millions of years, Wang Xian had been locked up here. It was impossible for him to have any improvement.

This also meant that his strength had not changed at all.

Under such circumstances, he had a 100% confidence that he could destroy him!

“Hehe, just based on a bunch of people who believe in the universe, you still want to kill me?”

Wang Xian stared at him and sneered, “Don’t tell me all of you thought that we were discovered by you?”

Wang Xian’s words stunned the level seven gods of the belief universe. They slowly narrowed their eyes and scanned their surroundings.

“Then, Dragon King, you aren’t going to tell us that you are waiting for us here, are you? Haha, then I want to see what you can use to block the galactic fragment of the belief universe! ”

“Don’t waste your breath on him. Kill the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace First!

The level seven gods roared.

“Kill him! ”

“You dare to kill an expert of our belief universe. Today is the day that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace will die! ”

“Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, it is your honor to die at our hands! ”

More than 200 gods stared at Wang Xian and said coldly. The Aura on their bodies began to rise!

When Wang Xian heard their words, a smile appeared on his face. He waved his arm and Lan Qingyue appeared beside him.

Lan Qingyue stood there and smiled faintly.

In an instant, an extremely huge black hole appeared behind them. In the black hole, Xiao Lan’s figure appeared directly!

“Break! ”

Lan Qingyue did not hesitate at all. She waved her arm and similarly, she condensed a terrifying gray palm.

The gray palm headed toward the sky-sealing palm!

“Xiao Lan, don’t let them escape. Kill them all! ”

Wang Xian shouted immediately. The Tai Chi Dragon disk around him started to spin. The five elements millstone also floated above his head!

The soul battleship and the Soul Spear also appeared!

Four netherspirit avatars appeared on the left and right.

In an instant, Wang Xian unleashed all his trump cards!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom

Boom! Boom! Boom

At this moment, Lan Qingyue’s attack collided with the sky-sealing palm.

The terrifying attack power caused the huge faith palms of the sky-sealing palm to collapse rapidly!

After Xiao Lan’s breakthrough, Lan Qingyue’s current strength had already reached the level seven overlord realm.

Without the suppression of the starry universe, he was able to erupt with the strength of a peak ruler.

In other words, his strength was comparable to that of a peak pantheon.

The Sky Palm, which restricted space, was easily defeated!

Moreover, the gray palms continued to attack the Stars released by the star field fragment.

Under the attack of the Gray Palms, the stars slowly began to collapse.

The grey palm released by Lan Qingyue also started to crumble.

One attack broke the seal of all the rank seven gods!

“What?”

The sudden change, the sudden appearance of Lan Qingyue, and the terrifying attack.

All the rank seven gods froze and their pupils started to dilate!

“This… this…”

The rank seven gods were stunned when they saw this scene!

How was this possible?

Beside the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, a level seven Astral Beast and a human who was comparable to their peak gods appeared.

This?

“woo woo woo! ”

While they were in a daze, Xiao Lan listened to Wang Xian’s orders. She stared at the level seven gods who controlled the eight star field fragments and attacked!

With just a sway of his gigantic body, he appeared in front of them in an instant!

Both parties were already very close to each other!

Around them, the more than 200 rank seven pantheon gods surrounding Wang Xian and the rest felt as if the void had collapsed and were pressing towards them!

A suffocating aura surged over!

“How could this be?”

A rank seven Pantheon God could not help but shout out wildly!

“Damn it, Defend! ”

“Neutron star of the Starfield! ”

The expressions of the eight level 7 gods who controlled the starfield fragment also changed drastically, as they poured their power of faith into the Starfield fragment!

A seemingly massive and heavy star flew out from the starfield fragment, heading towards little blue!

Little Blue let out a low roar, and without the slightest bit of fear, it directly charged towards the neutron star.

It was as if the entire universe had exploded, and that terrifying force of impact surged out in all directions.

Cracks appeared on the neutron star, but Little Blue’s body wasn’t injured at all!

“Weng Weng Weng! ”

In the surrounding area, the over 200 gods couldn’t help but fly backwards under this majestic force!

“Haitang, Big Fish!”

Lan Qingyue’s gaze swept over the surrounding Type 7 gods, her eyes revealing a cold expression!

Her body trembled, and around her, numerous fish formed from gray energy appeared, directly attacking the 200-plus Type 7 gods!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)