Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3889: 3888 to trade starfield fragments

Translator: 549690339

The chaotic space beasts wanted to trade with Wang Xian. This was indeed something that he did not expect.

Back in the nine-origin universe, the king of the top-tier Space Beasts were chaos, Feilian, Gong Ya, yayu, Xu Hao, and a few others.

They could be said to be the kings of the Space Beasts.

He was able to represent the leader of the group of Space Beasts in the nine-origin universe.

He was surprised that they wanted to trade with him at such a level.

With their current strength, even if they wanted to trade with the other twelve peak races in the nine-origin universe, the other twelve peak races would definitely not reject it. They would even welcome it to the extreme.

The treasures of the other peak races were definitely much more than those of the Dragon Palace.

“The items that I want to trade don ‘t exist among the other peak races, but

Your Dragon Palace does. ”

Hun Dun opened his mouth and said!

“Oh? I wonder what kind of item it is?”?

Wang Xian was stunned for a moment. A puzzled look appeared on his face.

At the same time, he was on high alert!

The treasures that the Dragon Palace had didn ‘t exist among the other peak races. They only had items that were related to the ancestral tree.

“I’ll be frank with you. Regarding the resurrection items, the other peak races do have such items. However, it’s very difficult to trade them. Even if they do, I’m afraid they would have to pay a huge price. Most importantly, there aren’t many of them. Your Dragon Palace has sold Resurrection Treasures before. I believe there should be quite a number of them.”

Hun Dun looked at Wang Xian and said with a twinkle in his eyes.

This was the main reason why he came to look for Wang Xian.

Treasures that could resurrect were extremely precious to existences at their level.

They had such treasures, but they had to give some to their subordinates.

After all, such treasures were equivalent to a life.

They had them. They wanted to prepare them for their children.

When they were in the nine-origin universe, the space beasts lived in the mountains and seas, and there weren ‘t many treasures like this.

The other peak races also had them, and they even had places where they could be resurrected.

However, among the peak races, resurrected treasures were also supreme treasures.

Of the ten rulers at the seventh level, it was already pretty good for one to have such a treasure.

As for those of lower levels, they would be dead if they died.

Unless he had some kind of opportunity.

If Hun Dun were to make a deal with other peak races, the other peak races might not agree.

“A resurrection treasure?”

Upon hearing his words, Wang Xian’s eyes flickered slightly.

If one were to talk about Resurrection Treasures, the Dragon Palace simply had too many.

Tens of millions of years had passed, and there were already hundreds of thousands of soul-returning wood embryo fruits.

However, Wang Xian could never say that the dragon palace had so many of such treasures.

If he were to tell others about it, all the peak races would be tempted.

Even during the last auction, Wang Xian only auctioned off a few of them.

“Senior Hundun, we do have such treasures. However, they are extremely precious in Our Dragon Palace. ”

Wang Xian said, “Furthermore, we don’t have many of them. ”

“Can we trade?”

Hun Dun looked at Wang Xian and asked.

Wang Xian heard what he said and pondered for a moment.

Of course, he was doing this on purpose.

If he said that he could trade easily, he might not be able to get any treasures.

Therefore, he had to consider maximizing the benefits.

“Our Dragon palace IS currently lacking m resources. Altnougn we are strong in the starry universe, we are very weak in the nine-origin universe. Our Dragon Palace can do a favor to senior Hun Dun. If we have suitable treasures, we can trade. However, we have a limited number of them.”

Wang Xian spoke.

“Then, what treasures do your Dragon Palace want? I can give you whatever treasures you want based on the treasures you want. ” The Hundun Space Beast looked at him and spoke.

What do they want?

A glint flashed across Wang Xian’s eyes. He had a thought, “Senior Hundun, I wonder if you have obtained the fragment of the Starfield. Can you erase the energy on it?”

“A fragment of the Heaven’s origin creation level?”

The Hundun Astral Beast looked at Wang Xian. (‘I’m sure you know about treasures of this level, Dragon King. To those of our level, this is an exceptionally powerful and precious treasure. ”

“I know. Therefore, 1,000 soul-returning embryo fruits, which is the one that can be revived in our Dragon Palace. Senior Hundun, you should know about it.

Can we trade it?”

Wang Xian asked.

His heart was filled with anticipation.

1,000 soul-returning embryo fruits was a drizzle for the Dragon Palace.

“1,000 fruits?”

However, when the giant beast of the chaotic space heard this number, his voice was raised and a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

Following that, a look of contemplation appeared on his face.

“Yes, 1,000 fruits. I know how precious the star field fragment is, so I’m willing to trade 1,000 fruits. ”

Wang Xian nodded his head.

“Hehe, it seems that the Dragon Palace has quite a number of such resurrection treasures. ”

The chaotic space beast smiled, he said, “However, 1,000 pieces of fruit that can be resurrected are indeed very valuable. However, compared to the star field fragment, they are still a little lacking. I can give you a beast king token. With this token, any space beasts of our faction are prohibited from attacking the strong disciples of Your Dragon Palace. ”

“In addition, 1,000 corpses of level six star beasts, a treasure that is second only to you peak races. This treasure land is thunder-type, and its integrity is 80% . In addition, I can provide you with a shelter. If you encounter danger in the starry universe or in other places, you can come to us.”

“Of course, there is a prerequisite to this. We can not provoke the heaven origin cosmic behemoth. ”

“How about I offer you such a condition, including the galactic fragment, to trade for 3,000 soul-returning fruits?”

The Cosmic Behemoth stated a condition.

Wang Xian was slightly excited when he heard this condition. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Regardless of anything else, he would agree to trade for the galactic fragment with only 3,000 soul-returning fruits.

Not to mention the other benefits.

1,000 corpses of space beasts were of great use.

The Beast King Token was also of great use.

As for the protection promised by the space beast, it might also be of use.

In short, this condition could be traded.

“Senior chaos, I’ll discuss a plan with my subordinates. ”

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before taking out his communication disk and putting on an act.

The chaotic space beast nodded and waited quietly.

“We can trade. However, our Dragon Palace currently only has over 2,730 soul-returning fruits. As for the other 200 fruits, we need to complete the rest of the payment within 100 million years. Our Dragon Palace doesn’t have so many at the moment. ”

“However, senior chaos, please help me remove the energy restriction on the star field fragment that contains the belief of the Universe Masters!” A few minutes later, Wang Xian spoke to the Hundun Space Beast.

“You want to pay me within 100 million years for over 200 pieces? Of course, that’s not a problem. Good, good! ”

The Hundun Space Beast smiled and nodded in satisfaction. “The restriction on the starfield fragment is also not a problem..”