Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3926: 3925 void God Dragon Embryo

Translator: 549690339

“Prime Minister Gui! ”

In the Dragon King’s palace, Wang Xian shouted softly.

“I’m Here! ”

Prime Minister Gui rushed over quickly and bowed to Wang Xian.

“Tell me about the current situation in the Dragon Palace. ”

Wang Xian asked Prime Minister Gui with a smile.

“It’s the Dragon King! ”

Prime Minister Gui nodded. “Dragon King, currently, there are 100,000 overlord-level disciples in our Dragon Palace. In terms of high-end combat strength, there are 180 overlord-level seventh- grade powerhouses. The rest of the charming dragon species have all reached the overlord-level sixth-grade. Other than the charming dragon species, ao Xie and the other devouring dragons are next. The strongest ones are Wu Sha, Shui MO, and the other seven as well as Princess Northern Frost, the eldest princess, and fan long. Next are the five powerhouses who transformed into mutated divine dragons not long ago. ”

“Apart from them, most of our rulers are at the first to the third stage of the ruler realm. All of our disciples are at the peak of the venerable realm. ”

It had been more than 20,000 years since the battle between the Dragon Palace and the Angel clan and the Phoenix clan.

The Dragon Palace had gained a lot from the last battle.

There were 400,000 to 500,000 corpses of the Angel clan and the Phoenix clan.

Just the corpses of the ruler-level experts had reached 40,000 to 50,000 to 60,000.

These were all extremely huge resources.

These resources could be said to have allowed the disciples of the Dragon

Palace to reach the peak of the supremacy realm even if they were the weakest.

Apart from these resources, Wang Xian had brought along a large number of the corpses of the gods of faith who believed in the universe.

The heart of faith could allow the experts of the Dragon Palace to easily break through the shackles.

This was also the reason why the ruler-level experts of the Dragon Palace were born so quickly.

Now, the disciples of the ruler-level experts were getting closer and closer to the other peak races!

In addition, the mutated divine dragon blood essence and a wisp of dragon soul obtained from the Treasury of the Dragon Palace allowed the Dragon Palace to give birth to five mutated divine dragons.

They were the five elements divine dragon, the yin-yang Divine Dragon, the wind and Thunder Divine Dragon, and the Bone Dragon, the Frost Divine Dragon.

This was especially true for the five elemental divine dragons and the Yin-yang divine dragons. These were the seeds left behind by the strongest dragon kings of the Divine Dragons.

The strength of the five elemental divine dragons and the Yin-yang divine dragons was even more terrifying than that of the Bone Dragon, the Frost Divine Dragon.

As long as they continued to grow, it would be difficult for them to break through the Heaven’s origin realm. However, it was highly possible for them to become invincible under the Heaven’s origin realm. “What’s the situation in the starry universe now?”

Wang Xian nodded and asked.

“Dragon King, ten thousand years ago, the blue-green Moon Dragon Queen and the three Kun beasts all broke through to the level eight overlord realm. There is still a lot of energy left. Now, the Dragon Queen is preparing to nurture a fourth Kun Beast.”

Prime Minister GUI continued to report, “Other than the blue-green Moon Dragon Queen, everything is going smoothly. In the starry universe and the starry city, there are no more powerful disciples from the angel and Phoenix clans. ”

“Currently, we have also issued a hunting order to the powerful disciples of the

Angel and Phoenix clans. Once we encounter them, we will destroy them immediately! ”

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly when he heard Prime Minister Gui’s words.

Currently, on the Divine Dragon Island, the powerful experts of the angel and Phoenix clans had used some methods to turn the place into a dead zone.

Once a living being appeared there, they would be subjected to a terrifying attack.

Even a peak ruler realm expert wouldn’t be able to withstand it. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Moreover, they had also issued an order on the universe’s Al. Once they encountered the Dragon Palace’s expert disciples and those with the Divine

Dragon bloodline, they would all be exterminated.

Since the two peak races had issued such an order in the nine-origin universe, the Dragon Palace naturally wasn’t afraid at all. In the starry universe, they also issued the same order.

Once they encountered the powerful disciples of the Angel Race and the Phoenix race, they would be destroyed immediately.

Now, the disciples of the Dragon Palace did not appear in the nine-origin universe, and the starry universe also did not have any powerful disciples of the two peak races.

This situation was completely acceptable to the Dragon Palace, and the losses were not too great.

But for the two peak races, it was very uncomfortable!

They had lost so many strong disciples this time, and they were unable to search for treasures and opportunities in the starry universe. Even when the Apocalypse arrived, they wouldn’t be able to recover to their peak.

It could be said that they were retreating instead of advancing.

This was definitely not good news for the angel race and the Phoenix race.

“HMM, alright. Let the disciples continue to explore the starry universe. If they come across a place that they can’t solve or a place that they can’t fight against, let me know. I’ll take care of it! ” Wang Xian said to Prime Minister Gui.

Prime Minister Gui nodded.

After chatting for a while, Prime Minister Gui left.

Wang Xian sat in the Dragon King’s Hall. With a move, he arrived at a spot in the Dragon Field.

In the Dragon Field, 100,000 dragon guards with sharp swords were sitting cross-legged and cultivating.

The Dragon Guards led by Ao Jian had some problems in their cultivation path.

This was a problem with the cultivation technique.

Therefore, the strength of the dragon guards lagged behind that of the other strong disciples of the Dragon Palace.

Now that they had the Tianyuan sword hair, their cultivation could be considered to have returned to the path they had fought for.

This was the only sword cultivation technique that the Dragon Palace had obtained.

It was also a very terrifying cultivation technique.

One could imagine how terrifying a sword cultivation technique of the universe was.

Currently, among the 100,000 Dragon Guards, there were already more than 500 who had reached the ruler realm.

This number was not much, but ao Jian and the rest were improving at a terrifying speed.

Because they had the foundation from the past, the speed of their

improvement was much faster than the other experts of the Dragon Palace.

The reason was because of the sword technique.

As long as one comprehended the sword technique, they would be able to break the shackles directly.

Their cultivation speed was only slightly slower than Wang Xian’s.

Now, as long as Wang Xian had sufficient resources, he would be able to break through directly.

He had yet to encounter the shackles.

According to Wang Xian’s guess, his cultivation shackles were at the level of the Heaven’s origin creation after he reached the peak of dominance!

In other words, if he wanted to break through to the Heaven’s origin creation, he would probably need to comprehend it on his own and look for opportunities on his own.

As time continued to pass, Wang Xian’s peaceful days made him feel more relaxed.

Unless the disciples of the Dragon Palace found a treasure ground in the starry universe where there were powerful space beasts.

Otherwise, Wang Xian would not need to make a move under normal circumstances.

Buzz Buzz Buzz

In the blink of an eye, a million years had passed. On this day, Wang Xian was strolling in the starry universe. Suddenly, he felt something!

He immediately called an lie over and returned to the Dragon Palace.

When he arrived at the Dragon King’s Hall of the Dragon Palace, Wang Xian stood in front of the Dragon Throne and raised his head to look at the ancestral tree in front of him.

He looked at the void dragon bead on the ancestral tree that seemed to grow on top of it.

“Is this a successful incubation?”

Wang Xian’s eyes were sparkling and filled with anticipation.

This was a completely new existence..