Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3930: 3929 in the midst of learning

Translator: 549690339

According to the memories that Wang Xian obtained, the spellcasters were more proficient in long-range attacks when it came to training in the sword and Magic Universe.

Their close-range combat abilities were not strong. In fact, they were slightly weak.

Once a spellcaster was engaged in close-range combat with a swordsman of the same level, there was a high chance that they would be killed.

On the other hand, a swordsman was more proficient in close-range combat while his long-range attacks were much weaker.

“The mages here are similar to the spell formation mages of the voodoo race.

Wang Xian mumbled. He took a glance at the old man and disappeared in an instant.

“Huh?”

Not long after Wang Xian left, the old man slowly opened his eyes. There was a confused expression on his face.

Following that, his mind tightened and he quickly scanned his surroundings. There was a horrified expression on his face.

“Thank you for not killing me, senior. Thank you for not killing me!

The old man kept on saying.

“Let’s go to the Sacred Academy.”

Wang Xian flew out from here and had a goal in mind.

There was no cultivation method in the magical kingdom just now. The strongest spatial swordsman was only at the first level of the eternal swordmaster.

His strength was inferior to his!

According to the old man ‘s memory, he was flying in a direction rapidly!

His destination was the Ming Yi Saint Academy!

The Ming Yi Saint Academy was the closest and most powerful force to this place.

To be able to be called the Saint Academy, it had a terrifying overlord-level presence.

According to the old man ‘s memory, the Ming Yi Saint Academy was recruiting core students because it had just advanced to the Saint Academy.

That’s right, Wang Xian went to Ming Yi Saint Academy for the sake of learning! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

If this news were to spread in the nine-origin universe, it would definitely cause a huge sensation.

But that was indeed the case!

Wang Xian had already cultivated the cultivation method of the nine-origin universe to the extreme. He had even evolved into the only nine-origin divine dragon and mastered nine attributes.

However, the cultivation method of space was the cultivation method of other universes.

Wang Xian did not understand it at all. He had to find a cultivation method.

Learning was the fastest way!

It was also a peaceful way.

Wang Xian had another method, which was to directly kill his way to a powerful holy ground ‘s sacred academy and collect cultivation methods related to the cultivation method of space.

However, Wang Xian eventually gave up on such a high-profile behavior.

If he attracted a lot of attention, he might not be able to return to the nine-origin universe.

It was better to keep a low profile when he was outside.

When he was able to fight against the fate of the Heaven’s origin, it wouldn’t be too late for him to keep a high profile!

With this thought in mind, Wang Xian quickly flew in a certain direction.

After flying for a year, he met many birds and creatures that belonged to this universe in the air.

There were creatures of all levels!

A year later, Wang Xian arrived at a magical city in the capital of the magical kingdom!

Wang Xian landed below and experienced this magical world. Then, he was teleported to another place through the spatial teleportation formation.

The spatial teleportation between the sword and the magical universe was more developed than the nine-origin universe.

After all, the spatial attributes here were more concentrated.

Their teleportation array also led to various places!

After a month of continuous teleportation, Wang Xian arrived at the city of magic.

This was a city of magic in the sky!

The huge magic array and treasures supported the entire city.

This huge city was called the Ming Yi Saint Academy’s Elementary School. There were two schools in the Ming Yi Saint Academy. They were elementary

and advanced respectively_ The advanced school was not too far away from here!

This Ming Yi Saint Academy was an academy-like force. It had dozens of magical countries under its banner!

The elite disciples of magical countries fought to enter Ming Yi Saint Academy.

The entire academy taught magic and swordsmanship, which included the cultivation of the space attribute!

According to Wang Xian ‘s investigations on the way, there was a space expert who was at the level of a universe knight in Ming Yi Saint Academy.

This was also the reason why Wang Xian was certain about this place.

Although he could go to the more central and powerful forbidden grounds of the Saint Academy to study, this Ming Yi Saint Academy was not bad either!

Walking out from the teleportation formation, Wang Xian was dressed in a slightly luxurious outfit and held an ordinary sword in his hand.

He had two horns on his head and a towering horn on his head. He exuded an unparalleled aura.

The Aura on his body was only at the level of the fourth level of the Eternal Divine Lord. It wasn’t strong, but it was definitely not weak!

This was Wang Xian ‘s current attire. His main body was hidden in the Mother Nest and was silent!

He could be awakened at any time!

After looking for the route, Wang Xian walked towards the registration area of the Ming Yi Saint Academy.

The Ming Yi Saint Academy was a faction that had just advanced to the Saint Academy not too long ago. Currently, they were recruiting disciples.

As long as one possessed potential and strength, they could come straight to the Saint Academy to take the assessment!

After passing the assessment, one could join the Saint Academy directly.

There was no fixed time for the assessment. As long as one met the conditions, one could enter Mingyi saint academy at any time!

Wang Xian arrived at the assessment site of Mingyi Saint Academy through a few short-distance teleportation arrays!

The entrance of the Mingyi Saint Academy was also located at the entrance!

The entrance of the entire Mingyi Saint Academy looked extremely magnificent.

This was a city that was suspended in the air, and the Mingyi Saint Academy belonged to the air of a city in the sky!

At a glance, one would need to walk thousands of steps to reach the entrance!

At the front of the steps, there were two words, “Assessment”!

As long as one injected energy, there would be people coming for the assessment!

“This Ming Yi Saint Academy is much grander and more magnificent than the high-level races in the nine-origin universe.

Wang Xian sized up his surroundings as his eyes sparkled.

There was a huge difference between the sword and Magic Universe and the nine-origin universe.

That was, the powerful forces in the sword and Magic Universe did not belong to the race.

Unlike the nine-origin universe, which was divided into the Divine Dragon Clan, the Black Tortoise clan, the skeleton clan, and so on!

Most of the people here were humans, and their physiques were all the same!

The sacred grounds and sacred grounds here were comparable to the peak races of the nine-origin universe.

But in reality, their strength might be much weaker than the peak races of the nine-origin universe.

Because there were many sacred grounds and sacred grounds here, there might be tens of thousands of powers in the entire sword and Magic Universe!

This was because the experts here were very scattered.

This also meant that many of the powerful cultivation techniques here were widely spread!

They didn’t place too much importance on bloodlines and constitutions!

This also made it so that people born in ordinary families had the chance to step into the peak.

As for the 9-origin universe, it was much harder!

If they didn’t break through the starry universe, it would be as difficult as ascending to the heavens for the experts of the high-level races to step into the ruler realm!

The wide spread of the practice of law enforcement had also created an ordinary force. It was also possible for them to give birth to a dominant expert and slowly advance into a Holy Land!

To Wang Xian, the environment for him to study was very good!

His gaze landed on the word ‘study’. Wang Xian used the spatial energy in his body and directly blasted it upwards!

He used his energy to completely blast into the interior of the word!