Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3932: 3931′ s powerful cultivation speed

Translator: 549690339

“Although it’s just an ordinary book, it is indeed very useful to me.”

Wang Xian mumbled as he looked at the two books on space attribute cultivation and space sword technique cultivation in his hands.

This could be considered as him coming into contact with the more formal books on space attribute cultivation methods!

Such books could be considered top-notch in the outside world. After all, it was the basic cultivation method of the Saint Academy.

Wang Xian looked at the books on the improvement of the spatial attribute.

There were many books on it. They were very practical and very useful to Wang Xian!

He sat on a chair and looked at it carefully. He was trying to comprehend it.

After reading for half a month, he had completely comprehended the entire book!

Yes, he had completely comprehended it.

Although Wang Xian was unfamiliar with the cultivation of the spatial attribute, his physique, comprehension ability, memory, analytical ability, and so on had already reached the top level in every universe.

This was like a genius who had already mastered more than ten languages and was learning a new language. In terms of learning speed, it was definitely not something that a primary school student could compare to!

After grasping the contents of the book, Wang Xian opened the sword technique book.

Ghosts and spirits appeared!

The name sounded very strange.

However, it also echoed the core of this sword technique.

This was a sword technique that was completely integrated into the spatial attribute.

The strength of the spatial attribute lay in the element of surprise. By integrating the sword technique into the spatial attribute, one’s attack would be strange and terrifying!

It was unpredictable and extremely strange.

Wang Xian took a look and quickly mastered it.

Although he didn’t know much about sword techniques, his realm was too high. His comprehension of techniques and methods was even more terrifying.

However, Wang Xian felt that this swordsmanship was very ordinary, even if it was very compatible with the spatial attribute.

He wanted to see if the heaven origin sword technique could fuse with the spatial attribute.

Wang Xian mumbled. With a better heaven origin sword technique, there was no need to learn this ordinary swordsmanship!

He took out the heaven origin sword technique and looked at it one by one. He practiced it until he reached the end of his quick comprehension.

The end of this comprehension had already reached the level of the void God Emperor.

In terms of sword techniques, there were probably not many people below the void God Emperor who were stronger than him.

After all, the heaven origin sword technique in his hand was too terrifying!

When Wang Xian regained his senses, he realized that almost a year had passed

He shook his head. There was no time for cultivation. Just a little understanding and a year had passed.

After that, Wang Xian looked at the time and started cultivating again to absorb the power of space!

While he was cultivating, Wang Xian’s real body came out. With a move of his body, he left immediately!

“I need to get some space stones to speed up my cultivation speed. With enough space stones, I can also go to some of the treasure grounds of the Ming Yi Saint Academy to cultivate! ”

Wang Xian mumbled to himself. With a move of his body, he came to this city in the sky. He found a restaurant and sat down.

After that, he took out his communicator and started reading.

In the sword and Magic Universe, there was no universal Al. They had a communicator.

However, this communicator was usually of a regional nature. It could not connect to the entire universe.

The Communicator given to him by the Ming Yi Saint Academy could also see other things in this region.

After that, he searched for it.

Naturally, he was searching for those powerhouses who had bad reputations and had committed many evil deeds.

That’s right, Wang Xian was planning to rob the poor and give to the rich!

Now that he was very poor, he needed to help himself.

After searching for a while, he quickly locked onto a family.

“Interesting. The magical kingdom under the Ming Yi Saint Academy, the thousand-grade magical kingdom, the king is ridiculous, tyrannical, and cruel.

I’ll take you!”

Wang Xian smiled. He moved and quickly arrived at the teleportation formation.

Through the teleportation formation, Wang Xian was immediately teleported to the capital of thousand-grade magical kingdom.

Wang Xian hovered above the capital. He locked onto the location of the palace and flew over.

In the void, any surveillance and defense measures were ineffective against Wang Xian.

This was equivalent to an immortal coming to the mortal world.

In the air, Wang Xian used soul capture to obtain some information and locked onto the king of the thousand-grade Magic Kingdom.

An existence at the level of Void Sword Emperor.

This strength was enough to oversee the entire Magic Kingdom.

He was also the son of an elder of the Ming Yi Saint Academy!

When he arrived at the position of the thousand-grade Magic Kingdom’s King’s harem, Wang Xian looked at the king below and waved his arm!

This king didn’t sense anything and the concubines around him collapsed without any abnormalities.

Soul capture! ”

Wang Xian absorbed the memories in his mind and destroyed them casually.

Half an hour later, Wang Xian emptied the national treasury of the thousand-grade Magic Kingdom and returned to the Ming Yi Saint Academy! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Following that, Wang Xian started to use the space stone to speed up his cultivation speed!

Everything was so simple and casual!

If it wasn’t for Wang Xian not wanting to kill the innocent and not wanting to be too high-profile, he could even destroy the entire Ming Yi Saint Academy and collect all kinds of cultivation methods of space attributes as well as cultivation treasures!

However, there was no need for that.

Wang Xian wouldn’t kill the innocent indiscriminately, nor did he want to be too high-profile in this unfamiliar universe.

All he wanted was to quickly improve his spatial power.

Ming Yi Saint Academy was merely a transition for him!

He did not plan to stay here any longer.

“Cultivate!”

With a complete cultivation path and sufficient spatial stones, it was much easier for Wang Xian to cultivate!

Not long after, under the large amount of spatial stones and the powerful absorption speed, Wang Xian easily broke through to the fifth level of the Eternal Swordsman.

Clang! Clang! Clang

At this moment, the bell for class rang. Wang Xian opened his eyes and flew out.

The entire sound reverberated across the island. In the surrounding area, many students flew out from the rooms one by one. In a flash, they disappeared.

Wang Xian’s mind stirred. He sensed the place where instructor he was explaining and teleported to the side of a river!

In front of him, instructor he was sitting there, sipping his tea calmly.

Around him, a group of students were seated respectfully.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over and only about twenty students came.

It was not necessary for students to come to class every time. Many students might not even come once every few hundred years.

In theory, one could study in the Songyi Saint Academy for hundreds of millions of years.

During these hundred million years, the Songyi Sacred Academy would have an assessment standard. If one passed, one could participate in the assessment to enter the Advanced Sacred Academy!

Therefore, it was normal for students to not attend classes for hundreds or thousands of years.

For eternal swordsmen from ordinary families, having a void sword emperor to teach once a year was very precious.

After all, some void sword emperors were able to establish a powerful family in some places.

There was no need to ask any questions during the lessons here.

This was also a very luxurious thing for the strongest person from the mage country whom Wang Xian met in the desert..