Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 395: Mutated Divine Dragon (2)

The sections of Anomalocaris’ bodies were filled with massive powers as the shells had turned totally blue, looking more like dragon scales.

In addition to the two huge forelimbs, the small claws had undergone massive changes which had turned into something similar to that of a dragon claw. However, it was still much smaller as compared to its powerful forelimbs.

They had bluish shells with eyes that were blinking with thunderbolts’ radiance in it.

The entire Anomalocaris race looked hallowed as they were completely changed from their heads to tails.

“Five Level 11 and One Level 12. The rest are Level 10.”

Wang Xian looked at the Anomalocaris race with a surprised look. After the baptism of Dragon Transformation Pool, they had upgraded by a level.

However, Wang Xian was most astonished by the changes in the Golden Swordfish race.

Looking at the complete human form of the Golden Swordfish race, Wang Xian was dumbfounded.

Complete human form.

With a body size of two meters, they had arms and legs just like any other burly men.

The spikes on their heads had disappeared entirely. They were replaced by sharp and long swords in their hands.

The swords were about 1.5 meters long with dragon-head looking hilts. The entire swords were shaped like divine dragons.

The swords were connected with their arms while their entire bodies were encompassed in unusual armor.

Behind their backs, their fins had evolved into pairs of wings. Perhaps they were still weak, which was why their wings were small.

Wang Xian locked his gaze on the Golden Swordfish race who had experienced massive changes, as he was totally caught by surprise.

How did they turn into something humanoid after the baptism?

“Your bodies...?” Wang Xian looked at the leader of the Golden Swordfish race and asked with doubts.

Currently, that leader had hit Level 12 with a body size of 2.5 meters. He was looking almighty with that golden armor.

“Dragon King, the Swordfish race had monotonous attacks because we could only strike with the spikes on our foreheads. Back in the Dragon Transformation Pool when we were forming our shapes, we thought of the humans that we once met. They were holding weapons in their hands, making a variety of attack moves. It was superb. So we thought of transforming into something human-like. But we can restore our previous forms too!”

As the leader of the Swordfish race explained, he jerked his body and transformed back to a Golden Swordfish once again.

“Oh well!”

Wang Xian exhibited a trace of a smile when he witnessed the transformation of the Golden Swordfish.

Given their forms in the past, their assaulting patterns were really monotonous. There was nothing but penetration.

With the new humanoid Golden Swordfish, they could enter human society without having to be discovered.

“Old Mo, you’ll teach them how to read and speak!”

After some thought, Wang Xian turned his attention to the sharp swords in their hands again. “Hand them the Art of Ancient Spiritual Sword Technique. Perhaps the Golden Swordfish race can become mighty swordsmen!” Wang Xian smiled as he spoke.

How would it look like if Swordfish practiced swordsmanship?

“It’s truly amazing!”

Elder Fang was in total surprise when she watched Wang Xian communicating with a group of terrifying beings. Her eyes flickered as she stared at him.

“Let’s go. Xiao Yu and Elder Fang, I need to put you in the Dragon Transformation Pool to remove the venom in your body. After you enter into the Dragon Transformation Pool, your bloodline will evolve to Divine Dragon Bloodline, which means, you can transform into a dragon in the future.”

Wang Xian reminded Xiao Yu and Elder Fang. But his primary purpose was to let Elder Fang know about it.

“A dragon?” Elder Fang was shocked, but she nodded with some expectations.

“Haha, I can become a Metal Divine Dragon. But a Water Dragon is fine too since it’s pretty. Well, Azure Dragons look good too. Hehehe!” Xiao Yu chuckled with a face full of excitement.

Wang Xian smiled as he led Xiao Yu and Elder Fang through the Dragon King Hall. Under their bewildered gazes, they reached the Dragon Transformation Pool.

Within the pool, Prime Minister Turtle and the rest were still in a slow process of reviving. No one knew how long they would take.

“Xiao Yu, Elder Fang, you’ll need at most two days to recover in the Dragon Transformation Pool. In the meantime, call me if you need anything,” said Wang Xian to the duo as they nodded their heads with force.

After placing them into the Dragon Transformation Pool, Wang Xian sat by the side and observed them.

When the duo entered into the pool, their vitality increased rapidly.

“Xiao Xian, don’t worry. Elder Fang and Xiao Yu will be alright.” Guan Shuqing consoled Wang Xian.

“Okay, let’s go. I’ll get a venomous sea snake to keep an eye over here. Let’s get some rest!”

Wang Xian nodded and returned to the Dragon King Hall.

Back in the palace, Mo Qinglong was teaching the Golden Swordfish race how to read and speak. At the same time, he was coaching them on their sword moves.

After the baptism of the Dragon Transformation Pool, the Golden Swordfish race was so intelligent that they could memorize everything they had learned.

In particular, their swordplay. When they trained themselves within the Dragon Field, their efficiency of cultivation could hit twice the speed, which was very powerful.

The Anomalocaris race was instead cultivating in the Dragon Cave.

After taking a look, Wang Xian exhibited a satisfying look on his face. After Prime Minister Turtle and the rest were revived, Wang Xian could lead them to conquer the entire Eastern Sea.

Grooo!

Just when Wang Xian and the others were resting in the Dragon Palace, the Dragon Transformation Pool was undergoing a massive change.

Within the pool, bloody water was bubbling around Xiao Yu and Elder Fang.

The dragon blood within the Dragon Transformation Pool gradually turned black after entering their bodies.

The vague black spots that were stuck on their bones did not disappear from their bodies. Instead, they were growing at an exponential rate.

The black spots slowly spread throughout their bones, where all the white boney areas were turned black.

As the black spots spread themselves, their bodies were slowly getting inky.

Kaka!

The Dragon Transformation Pool allowed anyone to evolve into a Divine Dragon. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

But a Dragon Transformation Pool at Level 1 could not support the instant transformation.

Like the Golden Swordfish and Anomalocaris races, their bloodline, physique, talent, and intelligence would be significantly enhanced after the baptism of the Dragon Transformation Pool. They could even change their forms.

Similarly, Xiao Yu and Elder Fang could not turn into Divine Dragons directly after entering the Dragon Transformation Pool. It would take a long period of cultivation to achieve that.

However, the Dragon Blood did not cleanse the black spots within their bodies due to their powerful energy. Instead, they combined to form something even more horrifying.

Their bones were making cracking sounds.

Buzz!

At this time, the black Devil Dragon on the nine columns around the pool was giving off a slight glow.

Xiao Yu and Elder Fan in the pool were undergoing a huge change.

They were evolving into something closer to the Devil Dragon, but yet, different.

To put it more accurately, it was something even more terrifying and hideous than the Devil Dragon.

Their flesh and blood seemed to be perfectly hidden within the bones as the terrifying black-colored bones began to be revealed.

Mutated Divine Dragons!

Skeletal Dragons!