Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4021 - 4021: The 8th level of the 4020 Demonic Beast Abyss

Translator: 549690339

Wang Xian teleported a few times and found an entrance to the 4th level.

He moved his body and entered the 4th level directly.

The 4th level was slightly higher than the 3rd level.

However, there weren’t many higher levels.

Generally speaking, the strongest demonic beast in the 4th level was a level 6 overlord of the universe.

The fifth level was the limit of level seven universe masters.

The sixth level was level eight.

The seventh level was level nine!

The eighth level was the pinnacle level!

As for the ninth level, it was rumored that there were four limbs falling from the Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm. After time, powerful demon beasts were born.

The Demon Beasts on the ninth level were very strong, but it was unknown how strong they were.

Of course, they definitely hadn’t reached the Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm.

They might be comparable to spatial cultivators who were at the peak of dominance!

The details were still unknown.

After Wang Xian arrived at the fourth level, his body moved and quickly searched for Demonic Beasts to hunt!

At the same time, Wang Xian’s original body had also arrived at the Demonic Beast Abyss.

Compared to the other void dragon body, Wang Xian’s original body could practically roam the entire demonic beast abyss.

He quickly moved from the first level to the eighth level!

His powerful speed allowed him to move without any hindrance!

Before the rest of the demonic beasts could react, Wang Xian had already flown over!

“The eighth level. Since I can encounter demonic beasts at the peak of the Overlord realm here, I can test my strength! ”

Wang Xian arrived at the eighth level with a smile on his face.

The eighth level was already located in an extremely deep place.

This place was filled with violent energy. The ground and the sky were dark red.

Different from the upper levels, there were various kinds of plants living on the upper levels.

However, there were not many plants here due to the fact that it was too deep.

Even if there were, these plants contained a considerable amount of energy and could be considered treasures.

The entire eighth level was filled with a bloody smell.

This smell mixed with the air. If one lived here for a long time, it would cause one to go berserk!

The weak would go crazy if they were here!

This didn’t mean that there were only demonic beasts at the peak of the universe dominator level. There were also many demonic beasts at the level of level five and above.

It was just that they were at the peak of the Universe Dominator realm!

Wang Xian hovered in the air and scanned the space. He could sense some magical beasts from time to time.

Wang Xian wasn’t interested in fighting some weak magical beasts.

He continued to fly in and sized them up!

After flying for more than ten hours, the scene in front of him changed.

In front of him, there was a huge magma!

Yes, Magma.

A magma domain.

The magma contained terrifying flames and dark energy.

The boiling magma water was constantly flowing. From time to time, huge magma torrents would erupt!

“This is not ordinary magma! ”

Wang Xian came to the position above and felt the energy in it. His eyes flickered slightly.

The lava contained a vast amount of energy.

If he were to cultivate inside, he would be able to increase the cultivation speed of the fire and darkness attributes greatly!

He moved his body and entered the interior of the lava.

The moment he entered, the surrounding energy surged wildly.

His eyes flickered slightly.

The energy density inside was no weaker than that of the cosmic ruins.

In fact, it was even stronger!

“This should be a powerful treasure ground belonging to the abyss of Demonic Beasts. Moreover, this treasure ground is not small. There must be demonic beasts at the peak of the universe Dominators in there! ”

Wang Xian thought to himself. He moved his body and immediately flew into the lava.

Although the interior of the lava blocked his vision, Wang Xian’s strength and vision could directly ignore the fact that the lava flow, which was a mixture of red and darkness, was a lava rock!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He flew rapidly inside and soon, Wang Xian sensed something!

He sensed that there was a ball of powerful energy in front of him.

“It should be a demonic beast at the ninth level of the Universe Dominator! ” Wang Xian sensed the power of this ball of energy and thought to himself!

He flew straight over.

“Hualala!”

The demonic beast in front of him sensed something. With a jolt of its body, the surrounding lava was directly blasted away.

It formed a vacuum!

It looked at Wang Xian with a cold gaze!

Wang Xian saw the demonic beast clearly. His eyes were sparkling.

It was a demonic beast with a black and red body. Its body was like an extremely hard meteorite.

A pair of bloody eyes stared at him.

The entire body of the demonic beast was thousands of meters in size. It looked extremely terrifying!

Wang Xian sized up the demonic beast. At this moment, he was attracted by a huge metal meteorite underneath the demonic beast!

“This is? It seems to be a powerful metal! ”

He sensed it with his mind and a glimmer of light slowly appeared in his eyes!

Right now, other than a large amount of resources, what Wang Xian wanted the most was some metal materials!

He wanted to increase the strength of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate and the five elements grinding!

This huge piece of metal material contained the Fire and darkness attributes.

It could allow the Tai Chi Dragon Plate and the five elements millstone to absorb it at the same time!

At this moment, the demonic beast in front saw Wang Xian’s mind heading towards it.

A look of anger appeared in Bloodthirsty’s eyes. He moved his body and instantly attacked Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked over and smiled lightly!

With a wave of his arm, a surge of energy instantly rushed towards this demonic beast.

Boom

The terrifying energy instantly penetrated his body.

A demonic beast at the level nine of the Universe Dominator had no chance of survival.

A demonic beast at the level nine of the universe dominator that could cause a catastrophe in the outside world could only be killed in one move by Wang Xian!

Even those experts at the peak of the universe overlord realm were shocked when they saw this!

Wang Xian moved his body and kept the Demonic Beast’s corpse. Then, he went to its previous position.

After checking the metal, a smile appeared on his face.

“After absorbing this piece of metal, I should be close to the improvement of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate and the five elements millstone. I Won’t be able to check much. This metal should have been born here. There should be more! ”

Wang Xian thought to himself. After putting it away, he continued to fly forward!

He was prepared to search the surroundings carefully!

He continued to fly forward.

Not long after, Wang Xian encountered a demonic beast at level eight of the universe dominator.

After killing it with ease, he continued to search the surroundings!

“Eh? I finally encountered a demonic beast at the level of the universe dominator. Let Me Test my current strength!”

After flying for a few more hours, Wang Xian sensed something and his eyes were shining.

He flew to the right at a fast speed!

Soon, in his sight, more than ten demonic beasts were lying in the lava and cultivating.

In the center, the Demonic Beast was emitting a terrifying energy!

“There are more treasures! ”

Wang Xian glanced to the side and was delighted!