Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4080 - 4080: The battle between the 4079 elemental gods

Translator: 549690339

Buzz Buzz

Wang Xian followed the white flame flower as they flew.

The world around them was filled with flames. It was extremely terrifying!

Amidst the chaos, a special scenery was formed!

At this moment, his communication device rang. Wang Xian opened it with a thought!

After reading the contents, he narrowed his eyes slightly.

Wang Xian told the elven empress about his situation.

He received a piece of information from the Elven empress!

The flame flower beside him that he was following was the god of elements in the chaos.

The so-called elements were the water element and fire element!

The elements were also known as the origin.

This flame flower was the origin of fire, the fire element!

This type of elemental god was one of the more common ones in the chaos.

The weaker elemental gods could be controlled and made into weapons, which were helpful for cultivation.

But the powerful elemental gods were very terrifying!

They couldn’t be controlled or captured.

They flew in the universe and would approach the universe that had its own elements.

When they found the universe, they would enter the universe and stop.

Finally, they would become a blessed land in the universe.

They would become a treasured land!

The stronger the Elemental God, the more powerful the treasured land would be.

When the tree of chaos arrived not far from the nine-origin universe, more elemental gods would be born around it.

80% of these elemental gods would enter the nine-origin universe and form a blessed land in the nine-origin universe.

Therefore, the appearance of the tree of chaos around the nine-origin universe was also an opportunity for the nine-origin universe.

Naturally, there would be more experts in the grotto-heaven blessed land.

Wang Xian was slightly disappointed when he saw the message sent by the Elven empress!

He thought that he had encountered a treasure.

He thought that he could control this flame flower.

If he could control it, it would be a terrifying combat strength!

However, when Wang Xian saw the information below, his eyes sparkled.

The Elven empress had sent him many messages.

The Elemental God had many benefits.

Firstly, cultivators of the same attribute would not be attacked by the Elemental God. There were huge benefits to cultivating inside.

Secondly, if the Elemental God came into contact with the Elemental God, there was a possibility of collision and attack. There would be a fight. The winner would usually devour the opponent and form a special material.

This material could be used as an extremely powerful weapon.

The prerequisite was to subdue this weapon.

Thirdly, the Elemental God could temper powerful treasures of the same attribute. A treasure that absorbed the energy of the Elemental God could be upgraded.

When Wang Xian saw this information, he moved his palm and the five elements millstone appeared in his hand.

After the five elements millstone appeared, thick flames immediately bloomed on it.

The five divine dragons were spinning on it, absorbing the surrounding power of the Flames!

Waves of incomparably majestic power of the flames surged onto the five elements millstone.

When Wang Xian saw this scene, his eyes lit up!

It was indeed possible.

Under the rapid devouring of the Five Elements Millstone, it could improve his body a little.

“If this can devour the entire white flame flower, wouldn’t the five elements millstone be able to reach the level of the Heaven’s fate?”

Wang Xian mumbled.

However, he knew that it was simply impossible for the five elements millstone to devour the white flame flower.

The flame flower was material and would not allow itself to be devoured by the Five Elements Millstone.

If Wang Xian were to control the five elements millstone to devour it, he would probably suffer a counterattack from it.

Even so, this could greatly increase the power of the Five Elements Millstone.

Wang Xian followed the flame flower and drifted in the universe.

Time passed, and a million years passed in a blink of an eye.

The five elements millstone continued to absorb the energy of the flame flower, and it also received a huge improvement.

It was almost comparable to the mutated divine dragon.

However, it was simply too difficult to evolve to the Heaven’s origin!

“It would be great if this flame flower could be controlled. ”

Wang Xian said regretfully again.

He had done an in-depth study on this flower of flames over the past million years.

However, he realized that this flower of flames could not be controlled.

Unless it was suppressed by a powerful force, it would remain active.

“Let’s go. We can’t waste time here. Let’s go somewhere else to take a look.”

Wang Xian gave up on the flame flower. He moved his body and dived into the vast chaos once again.

Following that, it was another long journey. This time, Wang Xian did not encounter any treasures around him for more than ten million years.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

There were so few treasures!

However, he saw another god of elements. He was extremely powerful and could not be controlled at all.

After that, he separated from the Linniu and prepared to act alone to increase the chances of finding treasures!

30 million years later, a piece of news from the Linniu suddenly reached Wang Xian.

“Eh? Did the Linniu discover anything?”

Wang Xian took out his communication device and looked at the information on it.

The message sent by the LINNIU indicated that they had encountered a huge battle.

A huge battle between the Elemental God.

Furthermore, one of the two parties in this huge battle was the white flame flower!

‘ ‘ HIV’IM?”

Lin Niu actually encountered the white flame flower again.

A huge battle between the elemental gods.

The Elven empress had said that a huge battle between the elemental gods was not very common.

She had been in the chaos for so long and had only seen it three to four times!

The rarity was comparable to some of the beasts of chaos in the Chaos!

After Wang Xian received the news, he immediately flew towards the Unicorn Ox!

The battle between the Elemental God was going to last for a long time!

It might last for hundreds of millions of years!

When Wang Xian arrived a few years later, an extremely terrifying rumbling sound was heard.

A golden ray of light collided with the Fiery Red Ray of light.

There was no technique to describe an attack that could destroy the world.

It was all about the confrontation and impact between attributes!

A terrifying domain field was formed in the grayish chaos around them!

Lin Niu sensed Wang Xian’s arrival very quickly.

He flew over immediately and shouted!

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at the area in front of him. “What’s the situation now? How long have they been fighting together?”

“Dragon King, I don’t know the exact time.”

Lin Niu shook his head.

“I discovered this metal elemental God by accident. I followed him for a while to see if there were any metal treasures inside. In the end, I discovered that the flame flower had also arrived. ”

“When the two elemental gods collided, a terrifying attack immediately occurred. ”

Lin Niu replied!

Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at the battle ahead.

The battle was extremely intense. The energy began to collide with each other.

Flames and metal rays shot out in all directions!

It looked spectacular..