Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 409: Everyone Was Shocked

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“What should we do? What should we do?”

At this moment, the six young men and babes were paled with confusion in their eyes as they walked to one corner of the hall. They sat there with trembling bodies, faces down, murmuring to themselves with trepidation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

What the three young masters had said was not a joke.

Especially the juvenile who had squatted beside him and addressed him as “Little Young Master”?

Who else could that Little Young Master be in the entire Flow City?

They felt a strong sense of despair having actually offended someone like this.

Those people were lost, breaking out in a cold sweat continuously.

Wang Dahai’s cousin was confused as well. Never did she expect that her cousin’s classmate would know that juvenile from a terrifying background.

Those three young men were the successors of the supreme-class families in Flow City. They were people who her boyfriend should respect and be fearful of.

Yet, those people were squatting over there, talking to that young boy with all due respect.

Hence, the boyfriend of Wang Daxian’s cousin was dazed. He cast his gaze over there when he saw the shy juvenile exchanging conversations with that young man happily. He grimaced.

“We should really let our family know otherwise...,” said a young man who was almost in tears as he looked to the few people beside him. They were really petrified.

“Xiao You, your cousin... Your cousin’s classmate seems to be on good terms with that juvenile. Go and beg your cousin. Ask your grandpa to beg your cousin. Otherwise, Young Master Feng and the rest will really cripple us!”

The young man grabbed Xiao You’s arm and spoke with trepidation.

“Me? Beg my cousin?”

Xiao You was stunned. How could she beg the cousin who she had been looking down on?

“Get your grandpa. Get him to talk to your cousin. Only that young man can save us now. Xiao You, go. Please beg your grandpa!” said those young men who lifted up their chins, staring at her with wide and round eyes.

“I...I...”

“Go on. Do you want to witness our deaths?”

Xiao You hesitated. But those young men grimaced at her.

“Fine, I’ll go and beg my grandpa!”

Xiao Yu, with her eyes red, stood up immediately as those young men scowled at her.

“Xiao Xian, your second wife is here!”

At this time, Wang Dahai scoffed at Wang Xian, who froze for a moment before he turned to the entrance.

Lan Qingyue walked into the banquet hall in a maroon grown, smiling from ear to ear. Several middle-aged men from the Lan Family were tagging along with her.

In her maroon evening dress and red high-heels, Lan Qingyue was smiling more often as compared to her previous aloof look.

Lan Qingyue gave off a noble and glamorous temperament after Wang Xian made her a real woman, and after obtaining the inheritance of Ancient God Kun Breeder.

In her heels, her height of 1.8 meters was the center of attraction immediately.

The arrival of Lan Qingyue seemed to have brought a ravishing glow to the entire hall.

“Look, it’s the Lan Family from Rivertown. She’s the General Manager of Deep-sea Jewelry, Lan Qingyue!”

“Gosh, she is simply gorgeous. That maroon evening dress coupled with her height...Any international models would be a far cry from her!”

“At only 22 years old, she has already assumed the authority of Lan Family, heading Deep-sea Jewelry with a market value of 30 billion. She’s the true-blue rich girl and a business tycoon.”

“She’s just like what the rumors said. The youngest and prettiest rich girl in Rivertown. She’s just so beautiful. If I could marry her...

“Stop spouting nonsense. Do you wish to die? Don’t you know whose woman this is? If you continue your nonsense, you wouldn’t even know who killed you!”

“Whose woman?”

“Miracle Doctor Wang of Rivertown. He’s the most formidable backing of Lan Qingyue. That person is the real leading figure that could conceal the sky with a single hand!”

“She’s the woman of Miracle Doctor Wang of Rivertown. He is a legendary figure, number one on the Outstanding Young Heroes Chart, and number nine on the Miracle Doctors Chart. He’s a strong alchemist and an Inborn Expert. He killed an elder of Sacred Followers Guild, but he is still alive. With an order, he could command five to six Inborn Experts. Even Maniac Ji of Rivertown listens to his command!”

“Sss, I recall it now. Not long ago, Maniac Ji brought several families from Flow City to Rivertown, and annihilated a first-class family then.”

“Miracle Doctor Wang of Rivertown is the most terrifying existence in the Southern Province. Not even Mogul Sun could compare to him. Killing an elder of Sacred Followers Guild? That’s a Sacred Sect, for god sake!”

When the crowd saw the arrival of Lan Qingyue and Lan Family, they began to comment in whispers.

Lan Family had been in the limelight recently.

Deep-sea Jewelry acquired The Zhou Jewelry at a meager price and became the largest jewelry company in the country.

Their market value tripled instantly, stunning the entire jewelry industry.

Some insightful people knew that it was all because of Miracle Doctor Wang’s influence that the Deep-sea Jewelry could acquire The Zhou Jewelry.

And the Goddess-like General Manager of Deep-sea Jewelry was well-known by everyone, not only because of her beauty, but also because Miracle Doctor Wang had annihilated the first-class force for her.

Miracle Doctor Wang was a name that could strike fear into everyone in Rivertown now.

The crowd in the hall was discussing in low voices as they watched Lan Qingyue with envy and respect.

When Wang Xian overheard the discussion, he gave a faint smile and walked over to Lan Qingyue.

“Hur? That young man is walking towards them!”

“Could it be a brainless rich dandy that wants to get to know Lan Qingyue?”

“If he’s really a rich dandy, he’s obviously looking for his own death!”

“That young man is even dressed in some ordinary casual outfit. He could be some rich dandy. I wonder which upstart family this good-for-nothing came from?”

Almost eighty percent of the people in the banquet hall were looking in the direction of Lan Qingyue.

Lan Family, with their comprehensive strength, could rank in the top five in the entire Southern Province.

But that was under the circumstance of not taking Miracle Doctor Wang into consideration. If he was taken into account, none of the families in the Southern Province could compare with Lan Family.

Not even Mogul Sun’s family.

Provoking Lan Qingyue was equivalent to digging your own grave.

“Qingyue!”

However, what shocked them the most was when that casually-dressed young man came to Lan Qingyue.

Those few people from Lan Family greeted him respectfully.

Lan Qingyue was even more happy to take his arm.

“Xiao Xian!”

Lan Qingyue leaned on that young man and called out.

“Damm, that is...”

“Miracle Doctor Wang’s name is Wang Xian. That young man is... He’s actually Miracle Doctor Wang!”

“Gosh, Miracle Doctor Wang arrived here early, and he was in the banquet hall all along!”

“Fu*k! We did not expect to have someone so formidable hiding among us. If we knew Miracle Doctor Wang was here just now, we would have made friends with him!”

Regardless of whether the people were of the younger generations or the middle-aged generations, all of them were stunned, with regret on their faces.

They did not expect that this person from Rivertown would be here.