Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4085 - 4085: 4084 five elements grinding machine

Translator: 549690339

“He succeeded. He actually succeeded so easily! ”

When the twelve ancestral witches saw Wang Xian entering the battlefield of the two elemental gods so easily, they were astonished.

They thought that Wang Xian would use some means to waste some time.

However, they did not expect him to succeed so easily!

“The elemental battle is not too rare in the entire chaos. We have explored the chaos for more than 20 billion years and have seen it more than a dozen times. If we also have this ability, it would be easy to nurture three to four Heaven’s origin destinies. ”

An ancestral shaman said with a slight sigh when he saw Wang Xian enter.

“That’s right. Forget about three to four, it’s even possible to be five to six, especially the great battle that we saw ten billion years ago. That was the elemental god of the Great Dao. If we can obtain the fragment, the benefits would be too great.”

The ancestral witches with pale white eyes exclaimed!

They looked at Wang Xian in front of them and felt a little envious.

Although the twelve ancestral witches were very strong, their bodies had been modified because of the uniqueness of their bodies. They could not get close to the Elemental God.

In other words, even if it was not the battlefield of the Elemental God, he could not get close to any elemental god.

Their bodies possessed complicated bloodlines, special constitutions, and many other attributes.

That’s right, the twelve ancestral wizards each controlled many attributes.

The way they controlled them was somewhat similar to the way the Lin Niu controlled them.

They could not fuse them at all!

This was because the twelve ancestral wizards contained many different constitutions, bloodlines, and attributes, which also made them very difficult to break through to the Heavenly Yuan blessed realm!

It was so difficult that it was impossible for them to break through!

Hence, they chose a different path and obtained their current strength.

If they joined forces, their strength would be very strong in the nine-origin universe!

“However, the Dragon King’s path to the heavenly yuan manifestation realm will be the same as ours. It will be extremely difficult. It Won’t be easier for him to break through to the heavenly yuan manifestation realm with nine attributes than for us! ”

The Ancestral Magus in the center spoke up!

The other eleven ancestral magi nodded in agreement.

For someone like Wang Xian who had nine attributes, breaking through was as difficult as an ordinary person ascending to the heavens.

It was also impossible.

In the universe, there were powerhouses who had fused two attributes together to break through to the Heaven’s origin creation realm.

However, they had never seen or heard of anyone who had fused five attributes together to break through.

For example, the Five Elements Dragon King of the Divine Dragon tribe, the Yin Yang Dragon King, was extremely dazzling.

They were the strongest among those below the Heavenly Yuan Serendipity Realm. In fact, if the twelve ancestral shamans did not form a formation to fight against them one-on-one, they might not even be a match for them.

However, they did not manage to break through to the Heavenly Yuan serendipity realm in the end and fell!

The more elements there were, the harder it was for them to achieve a breakthrough!

The more complicated one’s physique was and the more complicated one’s bloodline was, the harder it was to break through!

“It seems like we can cooperate with the Dragon King in the future. If we know where the Elemental God is fighting, we can inform the Dragon King and make a deal with him. Besides, if the Dragon King gets these elemental fragments, the strength of the Dragon Palace will be greatly increased. We have to pay more attention to the Dragon Palace. Don’t offend it if you can. ”

The ancestral wizard with the head of a human and the body of a snake spoke.

The other ancestral wizards nodded their heads as well.

The Dragon Palace now possessed the combat strength of two Heaven’s origin creation level warriors.

With the improvement of the elemental fragments in the future, the strength of the Dragon Palace would not be weak anymore!

There was no need for that. If it was not a last resort, it was best not to make an enemy out of the Dragon Palace!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Wang Xian had already collected the fragments around the two elemental gods.

There were a total of four fragments, two with the water attribute and two with the darkness attribute!

After Wang Xian kept them, he did not hand them over to the twelve ancestral witches immediately.

Their final transaction would only be completed after the twelve ancestral witches had lured the Elemental God into the nine-origin universe and turned it into a blessed land!

At that time, Wang Xian would give the darkness elemental fragment to them!

The battle between the two elemental gods was extremely fierce.

However, Wang Xian had seen it before. He stood there easily.

All he needed to do was to fend off the aftershocks of the battle!

His entire attention was focused on the mother nest!

In the mother nest, the five elements millstone was absorbing the elemental fragment.

The ownerless elemental fragments, the origin of fire, the origin of gold!

This kind of energy was the most powerful energy in the universe. On the Five Elements Millstone, the fire god Dragon and the gold dragon were crazily absorbing it.

The energy was absorbed, the five elements revolved, and converted each other!

This energy could not raise all five of the five divine dragons to the Heavenly Yuan blessed realm.

Instead, it would allow all five divine dragons to receive a huge upgrade.

Under the operation of the five elements, this upgrade could unleash the power of the Heaven’s origin realm.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

In essence, the five elements millstone did not reach the level of a treasure of the Heaven’s origin realm.

Instead, it was similar to Wang Xian. Due to the five attributes, they were able to fight against opponents of a higher level.

They possessed the power of someone who had just entered the Heaven’s origin realm.

“However, although the absorption speed of the five elements millstone is very fast, it will take at least a hundred million years to complete the upgrade! ”

Wang Xian muttered as he looked at the situation of the five elements millstone in the mother nest.

However, a hundred million years was not a long time.

In the following period of time, Wang Xian could be considered to have stabilized.

He obtained elemental fragments one by one on the battlefield of the two elemental gods.

A million years later, there were no more elemental fragments dropped on the battlefield of the fire and metal elemental gods.

During this one million years, Wang Xian obtained two more elemental shards.

The 12 ancestral wizards began to separate their battles with a formation.

Then, they were guided towards the nine-origin universe!

The battle between the darkness and water elemental gods continued!

Tens of millions of years passed in an instant. The battle between the darkness and water elemental gods did not drop any more elemental gods!

During these ten million years, he obtained 14 pieces of elemental fragments.

Each attribute had seven pieces!

This was another huge harvest for Wang Xian!

During this period of time, the god of elements fragments with fire and metal attributes had been guided by the 12 ancestral wizards to the nine-origin universe, forming two great paradises.

However, due to the tree of chaos, no one was cultivating in the two great paradises.

The two elemental gods also settled there.

Without having to resist the wear and tear of the power of chaos, the elemental gods generally would not move!

They were emitting powerful energy in the surroundings. If fire and metal elemental cultivators cultivated here, they would receive huge benefits.

This was like cultivating beside a heavenly creator!

As for fire and metal elemental, the fire elemental was taken away by the Wizards.

Metal elemental belonged to the Dragon Palace, and the water elemental and darkness elemental gods were next.

Water elemental belonged to the Dragon Palace, and darkness elemental belonged to the Wizards!