Chapter 416: The Dragon Sect Assembly: Fifty Inborn (2)

The Dragon Sect consisted of fifty dragonians excluding Mo Yuan and Mo Qinglong. After the death of two dragonians, adding two additional people would top up the number to fifty again.

It had been more than five months since Wang Xian had taken in the dragonians.

At that point, the eight extraordinary meridians of all the dragonians were cleared. After clearing, they would be able to reach the Inborn Realm within a hundred days.

However, as they had to enter the Underworld and undergo trials in the process, their cultivation progress had been delayed.

After five months, only thirteen of them had reached the Inborn Realm.

Now that Wang Xian had gathered all of them and ordered them to cultivate incessantly, it would take approximately twenty days for all of them to reach the Inborn Realm.

With fifty Inborn Realm experts, it would be sufficient for the Dragon Sect to become a Sacred Sect.

Wang Xian wanted to establish a Sacred Sect and compete with other Sacred Sects.

“Mo Qinglong has broken through to the Half-Step to Dan Realm and Mo Yuan will be achieving that soon. As for the other Dragonians, they will be able to match middle-class Inborn experts the moment they reach the Inborn Realm but will still be a distance away from Pinnacle Inborn experts. I have to refine some elixir pills to increase their strength!”

Wang Xian went to the spiritual medicine garden and looked at the spiritual medicine within.

At this point, there were over sixty tufts of Level 4 spiritual medicine, twenty-eight tufts of Level 5 spiritual medicine and close to three hundred tufts of Level 3 spiritual medicine.

In terms of variety, there wasn’t a lot. There were roughly forty different kinds of spiritual medicine.

“Level 4 elixir pills wouldn’t have many benefits for the dragonians. Only Level 5 elixir pills would be beneficial. However, Level 5 elixir pills would require the combination of twenty-five different spiritual medicine and grasses to refine. I don’t have enough Level 5 spiritual medicine and grass!”

Wang Xian looked across the spiritual medicine in the garden and the elixir pill recipes for various Level 5 elixir pills flashed past his mind.

“There’s a Level 5 elixir pill recipe where I have all of the spiritual medicine to refine!”

Wang Xian focused on the elixir pill recipe, Devil’s Mark Pill!

Level 5 elixir pills had huge effects for Inborn experts. Once the elixir pills were over Level 5, they would typically have an elemental attribute.

For example, water attribute elixir pills would be beneficial for Dan Realm experts with water attribute affinity.

Among Level 5 elixir pills, the stronger elixir pills would also have elemental attributes. Devil’s Mark Pill was one of them and happened to be suitable for the dragonians who cultivated Devil’s Arts.

However, I would require devil attribute energies to refine Devil’s Mark Pill!

Wang Xian thought to himself, Nonetheless, devil attribute energies wouldn’t be... Wouldn’t be that difficult to find.

At the very minimum, he could get them from Xiao Yu or Elder Fang.

Haiz. It appears that I have to get some blood from Xiao Yu or Elder Fang!

As a Skeletal Dragon, their fresh blood would be exceptionally precious spiritual medicine. Using them to refine elixir pills would be more than sufficient.

Although it felt weird to use the blood of his sister to refine elixir pills, it should be fine if he was just borrowing a little.

Wang Xian could already visualize how Xiao Yu would stare at him.

He chuckled and looked to the other twenty-four types of spiritual medicine required.

Among which, the majority of them were still just Level 3 and 4 currently. He had to increase their levels to Level 5.

For the next two days, Wang Xian would accompany Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, Xiao Yu and the girls when he was free. As for the remaining time, he spent it on increasing the levels of spiritual medicine and grass on the floating island.

Since he’d obtained the Wood Dragon Ball, increasing the levels of spiritual grass and medicine had become much quicker than before.

During the few days of the Chinese New Year, Wang Xian’s villa had also gotten livelier. There were over ten wealthy Rivertown families and moguls who paid him a visit.

Even Mogul Sun brought his son to pay him a visit on the third day of the Lunar New Year.

Wang Dahai also came over excitedly. He finally had his day.

After the incident at the banquet, everyone knew that Wang Dahai was the brother of Miracle Doctor Wang. His grandfather even asked him to stay for the new year and had finally seen him as his grandson.

Because of his connection with Wang Xian, Mogul Sun promoted his grandfather several times.

Those families in Flow City were treating them with warm hospitality and wanted to forge cordial relationships with them. In Flow City, they were in the limelight.

The various guests made the villa incomparably lively.

This was the most boisterous new year Wang Xian had.

After the new year, Wang Xian continued on increasing the level of spiritual medicine and grass.

Level 5 spiritual grass and medicine weren’t as easy as those at Level 2 or 3. To increase a Level 3 spiritual grass or medicine to Level 5, it would require more than ten thousand points of dragon energy. Moreover, it would take at least dozens of hours.

Seven days after the new year, tufts of Level 5 spiritual grass and medicine were finally done.

A total of fifteen sets or three hundred and sixty tufts of Level 5 spiritual grass and medicine. All together, Wang Xian had expended over a million points of dragon energy.

He had twenty million points of dragon energy remaining. The million points of dragon energy were well spent. After Dragon Sect had established its footing, it would bring him even more resources and dragon energy.

“Time to start refining elixir pills!” Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wang Xian took a deep breath, placing the alchemy furnace before him and the tufts of Level 5 spiritual grass and medicine beside him.

Beside the Level 5 spiritual medicine and grass, there was another strange item.

It was white and appeared to be a sanitary pad. There was still blood on it.

That’s right! That was the shed blood of the Skeletal Dragon during menstruation.

This item had been discovered by Wang Xian by accident when Xiao Yu asked him to throw away the rubbish. When he saw it, he was stunned. After several verifications, he could confirm that there were immense energies within it.

As such, Wang Xian kept it away and was prepared to use it for refining elixir pills.

It felt a little weird. Nonetheless, he wouldn’t be the one consuming it.

Refine all elixir pills with the Origin Source Flame!

Wang Xian took another deep breath before placing the tufts of spiritual grass and medicine into the alchemy furnace with the blood from the Skeletal Dragon.

A typical alchemist would have to time the exact moment when they placed various spiritual medicines into the alchemy furnace based on the time the spiritual medicine would take to melt. They couldn’t make the slightest error or the spiritual grass or medicine would be burnt to ashes.

Origin Source Flame wouldn’t have such issues. Even if the spiritual medicine or grass were placed in it for half an hour, the effects would be kept perfectly without any loss.

Wang Xian threw all the spiritual grass and medicine in at the same time before adjusting the concentration.

He had to concentrate on the distribution of the concentration. Otherwise, he might end up with poisonous pills or useless pills if he made a mistake.

Wang Xian’s speed in refining was terrifyingly quick. Moreover, the effects of the elixir pills were kept perfectly intact.

A set of spiritual medicine and grass could roughly give four elixir pills.

If Sui Huang were to witness Wang Xian refining elixir pills, he would probably jump up in jealousy. Refining elixir pills was like a walk in the park for Wang Xian.

Phew!

He had finally succeeded!

When the spiritual medicine and grass coalesced into elixir pills, Wang Xian revealed a satisfied smile.

Sixty pills! Moreover, all of them were Level 5 elixir pills.

The value of each Level 5 elixir pill could reach $7-8 billion conservatively!

When consumed by an Inborn expert, one could gain immense improvements. Such pills were priceless.

“These are different from Devil’s Mark Pills! These are Devil’s Skeletal Pills! Perhaps it’s because I was using the blood of the Skeletal Dragon!”

Wang Xian looked at the Devil’s Skeletal Pills that were emanating a black glow. Moving out, he appeared before the floating island.

At that place, fifty dragonians, together with Mo Qinglong and Mo Yuan, were sitting on the training ground and cultivating.

Immense black energies had shrouded them completely and each and every one of them emanated incredible vibes with each breath.

After incessant cultivating over the new year, all the fifty dragonians had reached the Inborn Realm.

Any one of them could stir up a storm in the Underworld!