Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4184 4183 reaped a bountiful harvest

"The Lords have gone to hunt down a group of heaven origin creation realm experts."

"Hu, the Dragon King of the nine-origin universe was actually so powerful that he could turn into an incomparably powerful divine beast."

"Mu Litianci's foster father doesn't seem to be a human, but a powerful race of the nine-origin universe. I've heard some news about the nine-origin universe from the records of the race. The nine-origin universe is a powerful universe, and there are many powerful peak races there."Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

“That Dragon King of the Dragon Palace just killed a lot of Tianyuan creator-level powerhouses. That huge body of the divine dragon is too terrifying!"

On the lost planet, all the tribal powerhouses were discussing what had just happened with shocked faces.

Some powerhouses looked at tianci in the center, and their eyes were shining.

Tianci had survived this crisis safely. He might be able to become a Tianyuan creator-level powerhouse soon.

He would become one of the rulers of their universe.

"Sister, sister, am I going to be invincible in the future? Brother-in-law TIANCI, in the future, he will become a Heavenly Kismet realm expert. He will also have an extremely powerful foster father. In the six paths universe, will I be able to do whatever I want?"

Not far away, Gong Cheng Mu's younger brother grabbed his sister's arm with excitement. His eyes were burning as he roared in a low voice!

Gong Cheng Mu was still in shock as he looked towards tianci.

The surrounding experts of the nine river tribe were excited when they heard this news.

This time, their nine river tribe might be able to rise up and become the third largest tribe in the six paths universe. 


Of course, all of this was to allow Gong Cheng Mu to truly be together with Mu Li Tianci.

Now, Mu Litianci's background and potential had reached the heavens!

The surrounding experts were also looking at Mu Litianci with different thoughts.

However, none of them had any ulterior motives.

One had to know that there was a Tianyuan creator standing by Mu Litianci's side to prevent any accidents from happening.

Whoosh.

Whoosh! Whoosh

At the same time, at the position of Wang Xian, he was flying rapidly in one direction.

The power of wind and thunder has fallen on all the Tianyuan fate of the strong body.

However, the target of Wang Xian's attack this time is the Duke of Xining in the Void Universe.

This time the Void universe came to four strong Tianyuan creation, has been killed by him three, the last Xining Gong!

At the same time, the 12 ancestral warlocks were also pursuing Duke Xining in the Void Universe.

The 12 ancestral warlocks had a huge advantage when it was convenient to lock down their opponents.

However, their speed was much slower than Wang Xian's.

After Duke Xining used his treasure to teleport, he had already fled to an extremely distant place.

Within a few seconds, Wang Xian had pulled away from the twelve ancestral witches.

"This D * MN Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, Duke of Heaven's Gate, and the rest have all died at his hands. This time, in the six paths universe, they were all screwed by that fellow!"

Duke Xining came to another area through the escape scroll. He growled with a gloomy face.

This time, when they came to the six paths universe, not only did they not obtain any treasures, they had suffered a huge loss instead.

To them, it was simply terrible.

Every time they died, they would consume a huge amount of resources and treasures.

Those treasures that could be resurrected without any injuries, they did not even have many in their hands.

There were even some experts who did not have those treasures that could be resurrected without any injuries.

After being resurrected, either their strength would drop, and they would need to improve again, or they would need to cultivate again, wasting time.

The calamity was about to arrive, and this wasn't a good thing!

"Go Back!"

This time, their void universe suffered a crushing defeat. He was the only one left, and he could only return quickly.

Because he knew that he might be locked onto by the 12 ancestral warlocks of the 9-essences universe.

His body moved, and a water droplet appeared in front of him. The water droplet landed on his head.

The water droplet turned into a pool of water and landed on his body.

Following that, traces of the power of lightning and the power of darkness were washed away by the water droplet.

Duke Xining took a glance at the two types of energy that had fallen out of his body. He looked at the disappearing water droplets with a slight heartache.

His body moved and he flew into the distance quickly.

A few minutes later, when Wang Xian arrived here, he swept his gaze across the place where Duke Xining had stayed and shook his head slightly.

"It seems that I won't be able to kill the last heaven origin creator in the Void Universe."

Wang Xian thought to himself.

He was not too disappointed about this!

It was not so easy to kill an expert of such a level.

The reason why he was able to kill so many powerhouses of the Heaven's origin realm was firstly because of the sneak attack and secondly because he had the help of the powerhouses of the six universes.

Otherwise, it was impossible for him to kill so many powerhouses of the Heaven's origin realm.

"However, based on my senses, the powerhouse of the Heaven's origin realm who was pursued by the Tai Chi Dragon Plate did not manage to get rid of the power of wind and thunder to lock down the enemy!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly. With a move of his body, he immediately changed his direction!

Currently, since he came to this universe, Wang Xian had a total of thirteen corpses of the Heaven's origin creator.

He had obtained eleven corpses not long ago and did not have the time to check if there were any powerful treasures.

Now, if he could kill one or two more, he would be able to return with a full load!

He flew quickly.

A few minutes later, he could sense that the tai chi dragon plate had already caught up with the Heaven's origin creator and was attacking him!

When the Heaven's origin creator saw the tai chi dragon plate that was chasing after him, his expression changed drastically.

When he was unable to escape, he could only use his treasure to escape from a long distance!

"Netherworld Dragon Chase!"

The moment he sensed that the heaven's origin creator was escaping, Wang Xian used the Netherdragon's pursuit!

A black hole appeared in front of him and Wang Xian stepped into it.

Buzz

At that moment, he appeared beside a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man had just escaped the attack of the Tai Chi Dragon Plate through his treasure. When he saw the gigantic divine dragon that suddenly appeared in front of him, his face was filled with fear.

"Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, I have no enmity with you..."

Boom

The middle-aged man roared in fear. However, what greeted him was Wang Xian's gigantic dragon claw.

The Dragon Claw grabbed him directly. A terrifying energy surged into his body and instantly killed him!

"The fourteenth one!"

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face. He continued to chase after him according to the power of the wind and thunder to lock down his enemies.

As for whether these heaven origin manifestation powerhouses had any enmity with him, it wasn't important.

When the calamity began, many universes that had no enmity would erupt into war.

Those powerhouses at the peak of the Universe Masters would go crazy for resources and the chance to break through.

As for those heaven origin manifestation powerhouses, they would also go crazy for the sake of expanding their influence!