Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4191: 4190 headed towards the sword and Magic Universe once again

Translator: 549690339

Buzz

After Wang Xian arrived at the sword and Magic Universe, his body moved and instantly entered the body of the Void Dragon.

“The ruler of the universe is at level nine. To be able to break through to this level in such a long time is already considered not bad! ”

Wang Xian sensed the strength of the Void Dragon and revealed a satisfied expression.

Level nine ruler of the universe. He was very close to the peak!

With three more bodies of the heaven origin creator, it should be a big problem for him to break through.

At this moment, Wang Xian was in the flowing water forbidden ground.

He was cultivating in seclusion in a room.

Wang Xian opened his eyes. With a thought, he swept his surroundings.

“The Dragon King is here. ”

Very soon, Liu Lan’s figure appeared. She looked at Wang Xian and asked with a smile.

“Yes, I’m here to take a look. I want to thank you for your help last time, Liu Lan. ”

Wang Xian smiled at Liu Lan.

He was talking about the queen of the floating waters.

“It was nothing. ”

Liu Lan smiled and looked at Wang Xian with a twinkle in her eyes. “Dragon King, you are stronger again. This time, I can’t see through you.”

(‘I was lucky and obtained some opportunities! ”

Wang Xian smiled and said.

“By the way, Dragon King, there are some things that I don’t know if I should tell you about our sword and Magic Universe. ”

Liu Lan looked at Wang Xian and suddenly spoke.

Wang Xian saw his expression and raised his eyebrows slightly, indicating for her to continue.

“Not long ago, I sensed that at the edge of our sword and magic universe, there was a huge eye peeping at our sword and magic universe. That huge eye gave me a palpitating feeling. I didn’t rush over to check it out. ”

“I communicated with Senior Wangtian. Senior Wangtian also sensed it. He said that someone was peeping at our universe and was plotting against us.

However, the owner of that eye is stronger than us. ”

(‘I wonder if it’s an expert from the mad demon universe where the Asgardian demon god is. ”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Liu Lan spoke!

Her words slightly surprised Wang Xian.

“There are huge eyes peeping at the sword and the Magic Universe?”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly.

“Yes. ”

As Liu Lan spoke, her brows were tightly knitted, her face was filled with worry. “I have discussed this matter with senior hopeless heaven for a long time. However, in the entire sword and magic universe, only the two of us can communicate with each other. However, our strength is only at the initial stage of the Heaven’s origin creation. ”

“Our Sword and magic universe has always been plagued with disasters. Every time the calamity arrives, it becomes a slaughterhouse. This time, because of you, Dragon King, we can tell you about it! ”

“We suspect that there are experts from other universes who have begun to plot against our sword and Magic Universe. Sigh, our sword and Magic Universe has ten attributes. Generally speaking, we can produce ten heaven’s origin creation realm experts, but so far, there are only two.”

“No, I don’t know two. In fact, our sword and Magic Universe has already given birth to five heaven origin creation realm experts, and the other three are experts from other universes. They used our sword and Magic Universe’s quota to become heaven origin creation realm experts.”

“Even so, our sword and magic universe still has five quotas, which makes other universes covet our universe’s quota and resources.”

“This calamity is about to arrive. I wonder if you, Dragon King… can help us a little!

As she spoke, she looked at Wang Xian.

“The space attribute spot hasn’t been taken, right?”

Upon hearing her words, Wang Xian frowned slightly and asked.

Liu Lan shook her head. “If the Dragon King wants to allow his clone to break through to the next level, we have no objections.”

“Before the Cataclysm, I will allow my void dragon body to break through to the Heavenly Yuan Destiny Realm. If there are no accidents on my side, my body will be with you. ”

“Also, if there is no war in the nine-origin universe, I can come over and even bring people over. ”

Wang Xian spoke.

“Oh? Thank you, Dragon King. ”

Liu Lan was slightly shocked when she heard that. She looked at Wang Xian and asked, “Dragon King, are you confident that you can make your clone break through to the heaven-origin creation realm?”

“Yes, I have obtained many treasures in other universes this time. I am confident that I can make my void dragon body break through to the heaven-origin creation realm. ”

Wang Xian nodded and said confidently.

Among his three corpses, one of them was the corpse of a control-level powerhouse.

It was extremely difficult to break through to the Tianyuan blessed realm.

However, Wang Xian had three corpses of a powerhouse at the Tianyuan blessed realm.

If he tried his best to comprehend them, the probability would be more than

Furthermore, Wang Xian believed that his comprehension ability was very strong.

“Dragon King, you are really amazing! ”

Liu Lan opened her mouth. Her face was filled with astonishment!

It was a little terrifying to have his clone break through to the Heaven’s origin creation realm!

“In the sword and Magic Universe, how many other Heaven’s origin creation realm powerhouses are there?”

Wang Xian asked Liu Lan.

“Dragon King, there are five other attributes, namely Wood, wind, thunder, space, and light. The rest of the attribute slots have all been taken!”

Liu Lan replied!

Wang Xian nodded. If the experts from the Dragon Palace had the chance, they would be able to make a breakthrough in the sword and Magic Universe.

As for Liu Lan and Wangtian, would they be interested.

Strength was king.

In their opinion, the best outcome would be that their universe would not be targeted by other experts after the apocalypse.

Now that the sword and magic universe had five spots, it was a huge danger to them.

Moreover, even if they did not agree, what could they do to resist?

“If I have time recently, I will go to the chaotic space around your universe to take a look. I want to see what kind of powerhouses from the universe are targeting you. ”

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before continuing!

If the sword and magic universe were to be attacked during the calamity, Wang

Xian would lend a hand.

It was not only because of long yin and the rest. It was also for the future plans.

Wang Xian also wanted to get more spots for the powerhouses in the Heaven’s origin realm.

The Dragon Palace had nine attributes.

If the Dragon Palace added more powerhouses in the Heaven’s origin realm, then the Dragon Palace would truly rise!

In addition, he would go to the chaos to take a look. If it was an expert who had just entered the heaven origin creation stage setting up a sword and magic universe, Wang Xian didn’t mind killing him!

The value of a heaven origin creation stage powerhouse’s corpse was too high.

The four corpses that Wang Xian left for the disciples of the Dragon Palace were enough for the Dragon Palace to increase the number of masters who were at the peak of the Universe Dominator stage.

This was a huge improvement for the Dragon Palace.

“Let’s take a look around. With my current strength, Pm not afraid of encountering strong enemies that can crush me in the chaos. Furthermore, I have a lot of escaping treasures in my hands! ”

Wang Xian pondered in his heart and decided to take a look..