Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4204: 4203 had successfully surrounded and killed him!

Translator: 549690339

He had returned to the Holy Church!

It was a powerful means of escape for those who believed in the elders of the universe.

A black hole appeared and absorbed his body.

On the other side of the black hole, there was an illusory shadow of the Holy Church. It seemed to be filled with mystery and yearning.

“Do you still want revenge?”

Wang Xian stared at him with a mocking expression on his face.

“Netherworld Dragon, give chase! ”

Wang Xian growled and a black hole appeared around his body as well!

He waved his dragon claw and a surge of energy enveloped the group of people.

Following that, the group of people entered the black hole directly!

Buzz

When the old man from the belief universe had just escaped from the black hole.

At the side, Wang Xian and the rest also appeared at the side.

When the Old Man of Heaven’s origin who believed in the universe saw this scene, his heart sank and his face turned extremely ugly!

Without any hesitation, he immediately fled into the distance!

“It’s a little slow! ”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Wang Xian saw the speed of his escape, a cold expression appeared on his face!

Waving his dragon tail, a huge shadow of a dragon tail swept out behind him.

Behind the old man, a huge face formed by countless shadows of believers appeared and blocked behind him!

Boom

A terrifying collision sound was heard.

The defense formed by believers was instantly shattered. The huge dragon tail swept across his body, causing his body to start to collapse!

The old man let out a miserable cry. His body staggered and he continued to fly forward!

With his current condition, he could not withstand Wang Xian’s attack at all.

“Immortal binding! ”

At the side, Tianci waved his arm and released the most powerful branches of the Ancient Tree of Destiny in his body.

The branches seemed to have turned into a terrifying rope and coiled toward the old man!

“Run, run, run!”

The old man swallowed a mouthful of blood and ran forward desperately.

“Whoosh! ”

However, in the next instant, that bundle of immortal branches appeared around the old man as if it had teleported and coiled around him.

The old man didn’t even have time to dodge before he was instantly bound!

“Not good!”

Seeing that he was bound before he could react, his face was filled with terror.

The other party was too strong, so strong that he didn’t have the slightest ability to resist!

All he could do was run away, frantically running away.

Seeing that he was entangled, he did not hesitate at all and took out two blood -red hearts.

The Hearts were still beating, so he crushed one of them!

The other heart instantly disappeared!

His body trembled.

However, the next moment, his eyes widened, and his face was filled with disbelief.

“How is this possible? My Faith Connection Heart actually lost its effect!” He roared.

At this moment, he saw that the rope on his body was emitting a green light.

The immortal binding branches emitted sharp thorns and entered his body.

It made it impossible for him to escape!

This made his eyes reveal a hint of despair!

At this moment, the figure of the Void Dragon appeared behind him.

The Void Dragon grabbed the five elements millstone with its claws and attacked him directly!

“It’s over! ”

He raised his head and looked at this attack with a look of despair on his face.

The difference in strength was too great!

It was so great that he didn’t even have the strength to dodge.

He couldn’t even escape.

With the opponent’s strength, even if they were to surround and attack an existence at the Great Dao level, they wouldn’t be at a disadvantage. In fact, they would even have the upper hand!

This time, he admitted defeat!

The Void Divine Dragon carried the attacks of the five elemental grindstone and landed on his body. It quickly wiped out his vitality.

Wang Xian immediately flew over. He waved his dragon claw and smiled.

He had succeeded in killing him!

He couldn’t even escape.

There were many tricks and trump cards of a powerhouse at the control level.

However, Wang Xian and the rest had even more trump cards and tricks.

With a wave of his arm, Wang Xian kept the corpses.

Now, he had obtained two more corpses of a powerhouse at the heaven origin creation level.

One of them was at the beginner level while the other was at the control level.

As for the corpses of a powerhouse at the heaven origin creation level who believed in the universe, their effects far surpassed that of other powerhouses at the heaven origin creation level.

That was because they possessed the heart of faith.

The heart of faith could allow other cultivators to increase their cultivation speed.

It was convenient to break through the shackles, and it had a great effect.

Especially the heart of faith of the Great Beings of the heaven origin creation realm who believed in the universe.

This was much more valuable than the bodies of the other great beings of the heaven origin creation realm.

For the Great Beings at the pinnacle level of universe masters, this was the most precious true treasure.

If a powerhouse at the peak of the Universe Dominator could absorb a heart of faith, the probability of him becoming a powerhouse at the Heaven origin creation realm would increase by at least 50% .

This was a very high probability!

According to Wang Xian’s estimation, if a powerhouse at the peak of the Universe Dominator realm like the floating queen absorbed it, the probability of him becoming a powerhouse at the heaven origin creation realm would reach 80% .

Of course, Wang Xian would not give such a treasure to the floating water queen.

Wang Xian would give the heart of faith in these two corpses to the disciples of the Dragon Palace or even absorb it himself in the future.

This was especially so for the corpse of the old man who was at the control level.

“He… he actually killed him so quickly! ”

Liu Lan and Wangtian, who were at the side, saw this scene. Their eyes were wide open and their faces were filled with shock.

Two powerhouses of the Heaven’s origin realm.

One of them was even stronger than the two of them when they joined forces.

However, he was completely killed in such a short period of time.

They did not help at all.

One of them was a beginner while the other was at the control level. They killed him directly.

They looked at Wang Xian again with respect.

The Dragon King’s strength was much, much stronger than before.

Especially when they saw Wang Xian ‘s attack just now.

Compared to when he dealt with the Agar Heavenly Demon God, the difference was like the difference between heaven and earth!

This improvement was too terrifying!

“Alright, the crisis of your sword and Magic Universe has been temporarily resolved. As for whether they will make a comeback, it’s hard to say. However, I think we might have to consider it when the universe of faith deals with you in the future!”

Wang Xian kept the corpse and said to Liu Lan and Wangtian with a smile.

The harvest this time was huge!

“Thank you, Dragon King. Thank you for your help!”

Liu Lan and Wangtian quickly thanked him.

Wang Xian shook his head. “You’re welcome. We’re friends. Let’s go back! ”

“It’s you, Dragon King! ”

Liu Lan Wangtian was completely convinced by Wang Xian at this moment. He also felt some respect in his heart and nodded his head.

Wang Xian took a glance at the construction altar and kept it all.

Then, they flew toward the sword and Magic Universe.

The encirclement this time was very successful.

However, just as Wang Xian arrived at the sword and Magic Universe, a piece of good news suddenly came!