Chapter 4218: 4217 welcoming the great calamity

Translator: 549690339

Within the Nine-origin universe, there was no space attribute, and there were no space cultivators.

The Void universe only had space attribute, and there were no other attributes.

Logically speaking, there was no need for the Void Universe and the nine-origin universe to fight.

However, everything was because of the universe ai that was born a long time ago in the nine-origin universe.

This heavenly creation true treasure was very special. It was able to create a virtual space, a very real virtual space.

The Void Space Dynasty of the Void Space universe took a fancy to this universe Al.

This universe Al was very useful to them.

The nine-origin universe was not a weak universe like the six paths universe. It was a joke to take away the heavenly creation true treasure that belonged to the nine-origin universe.

Even if the universe Al was a true treasure that the nine-origin universe could not use, it was not something that could be taken away just like that. Following that, the nine-origin universe and the Void Universe had a huge battle.

This battle lasted for a very, very long time.

It lasted for several eons.

Now, once the eons erupted, it would be a direct war.

Time passed day by day. 100 million years, 100 million years, all of them passed very quickly.

During this period, Wang Xian did not go out. He stayed in the Dragon Palace and stayed in the nine-origin universe.

As time passed, the Dragon Palace’s foundation and the disciples of the Dragon Palace became stronger and stronger.

The Dragon Palace had been established for a relatively short period of time, so the Dragon Palace’s foundation was lacking.

After absorbing the Phoenix clan and after time, the Dragon Palace had become the top race in the nine-origin universe!

The only race that could faintly contend against them was the demon clan.

In the blink of an eye, more than a billion years had passed. The arrival of the Apocalypse was getting closer and closer.

Buzz! Buzz

On this day, the communication stone plate in Wang Xian’s hand rang.

When he saw the news, his body moved and he immediately flew out.

He was currently at the position of the Tree of chaos.

Soon, they arrived at the top of the Tree of chaos.

Around them, the Heavenly Yuan creation powerhouses from the nine-origin universe were also flying over.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor was already sitting in one of the seats.

Wang Xian swept his gaze over them and sat down in one of the seats.

Very soon, all the heaven origin creation powerhouses from the nine-origin universe had arrived.

The Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor, Patriarch Xuanwu, the Hetian Saint, the elven empress, the twelve ancestral witches, the floating water queen, the royal ancestors, the Emperor of the Netherworld race, and the Emperor of the Angels.

In addition, there were Wang Xian and Lin Niu.

“Everyone is here. The calamity is about to arrive in 100 million years. Everyone, please sit down and have a detailed discussion!”

Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor looked at them and said.

Senior fallen Shadow Demon Emperor, we are much stronger than last time in this calamity. Last time, the void race hunted down many of our disciples.

This time, it’s time for us to take revenge! ”

The Elven empress said with a face full of killing intent.

Wang Xian was a little surprised to see such a strong killing intent on her exquisite face.

“We must kill the Void Universe.”

The 12 ancestral witches also agreed with a face full of killing intent.

“We must kill the Void Universe. However, we are not sure if the void universe’s strength has increased. ”

The fallen shadow demon emperor said, “The early stages are mainly for testing. We’ll fight in the middle and late stages.”

“Our nine-origin universe is very strong this time. We can consider escorting some disciples to make a breakthrough. ”

“In the past, I needed to guard the nine-origin universe. Now that the Dragon King is here, we can consider adding one or two heavenly yuan creation realm powerhouses. The skeleton emperor of the skeleton clan has reached his limit. As long as there are spots, he can make a breakthrough. ”

“As for the Divine Tiger clan and the saint lineage, there are experts who can break through. ”

“Adding two or three more heaven origin creation realm experts to our nine-origin universe in the early stages is a good upgrade for our nine-origin universe. ”

“In addition, we also have to consider the tree of chaos. Once the calamity arrives, the energy in the chaos will be gentle. The tree of Chaos is very eye-catching. This place is a precious place for cultivation for any universe. ” The Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor began to speak to them one by one.

Increase the number of heaven origin creation experts in the nine-origin universe.

The tree of Chaos was safe here.

The Tree of Chaos was a holy land for cultivation, and any universe would be envious.

All of this had to be planned out.

Increasing the number of heaven origin creation experts was not a small increase for the nine-origin universe.

The Heaven origin creation quota in the nine-origin universe had already been used up, but there were still experts at the peak of the ruler realm who could break through at any time.

This required going to a universe with this quota.

Going to another universe to make a breakthrough.

However, if an expert at the peak of the ruler realm wanted to go to another universe to make a breakthrough, there was a slim chance of survival, or even a slim chance of survival.

It was impossible for the experts in the other universe to let you occupy this quota.

This required a protective array.

In the past, to prevent sneak attacks from the Void Universe, the fallen Shadow Demon Emperor needed to oversee the nine-origin universe.

But this time, with Wang Xian, he could escape.

At that time, the fallen Shadow Demon Emperor could bring his disciples to other universes to make a breakthrough.

With a great dao level existence protecting him, it would be very safe for him to make a breakthrough.

In the past, as there was only one great dao level existence in the nine-origin universe, if an expert could make a breakthrough, he could only rely on himself and his race to fight in the outside world.

However, this time, his days were going to be better.

“Regarding the matter of leading the disciples to achieve a breakthrough, I can go with senior fallen Shadow Demon Empress. I have not achieved a breakthrough for long. There is a problem. How long will the cataclysm last? If there are any special circumstances, please tell us in detail for a year!” Wang Xian asked them.

Regarding the cataclysm, Wang Xian asked the elven empress, but he did not go into too much detail.

Now that the Cataclysm was about to arrive, it was time for him to properly understand and prepare!

“Let me answer! ”

Xuanwu’s ancestor spoke, “As everyone knows, the chaotic space is dead silent. It is difficult for a powerhouse who is not in the Heaven’s origin realm to survive. However, there are experts who have guessed and verified that the chaotic space is actually the condensation and integration of all energy. However, the energy that is fused together is unusually violent and can not be absorbed! ”

“There is a cycle in the chaotic space. After a certain period, the chaotic space will become gentler and be able to absorb all kinds of energy. Under such circumstances, there will be no universe boundaries. The energy in the chaos will also pour into the various universes. Therefore, the suppression of the living beings in the outside world by the various universes will also disappear

“During this period, which is known as the cataclysm, it is not certain how long it will last. Sometimes it will be five billion years, sometimes it will be six billion years.. Most of them will last between five and eight billion years! “