Chapter 4221: 4220 ranking of the nine-origin universe

Translator: 549690339

Wang Xian and the rest talked for a very long time, including the safety of the entire nine-origin universe.

In fact, during the following period of time, the strong disciples of the various peak races went to other places in the universe and began to receive other life planets!

There were countless planets in the nine-origin universe. After the arrival of the calamity, the various peak races and the strong practitioners of the Heaven’s origin manifestation could not take care of all the living beings in the nine-origin universe.

There were still countless weeks in the space around the nine-origin universe.

Many planets were extremely weak.

It was impossible for them to gather all the planets together. This was an unrealistic problem.

In addition, there was another point. If they gathered all the living beings in the nine-origin universe together and encountered a strong enemy, they would be completely destroyed!

Therefore, they would not gather all the planets together.

However, the universe’s artificial intelligence could cover the entire nine-origin universe.

As a powerful Heavenly Yuan creation supreme treasure known to the nine-origin universe, the universe’s artificial intelligence was far more special than the ancestral tree.

It did not have any offensive power, only this kind of special assistance.

“I am the Hetian saint. Today, with the nine-origin Universe’s Supreme

Treasure, the universe’s artificial intelligence covers the nine-origin universe. All intelligent life forms can enter the universe’s artificial intelligence from today onwards. ”

“I will announce that the Apocalypse is coming. The saintly beings of the Hetian saint’s lineage, the fallen Shadow Demon Emperor, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, the elven empress, the twelve ancestral sorcerers, Patriarch Xuanwu, the ancestor of the dark race, the emperor of the angels, the ancestor of the royal family, the floating water queen of the Celestial Nation, the divine throne of the Dragon Palace, and the rest of the Heavenly Yuan destinies are warning all beings in the nine-origin universe! ”

“The apocalypse will arrive in 100 million years. During the apocalypse, all beings in the nine-origin universe are forbidden to kill each other. If any beings from other universes step into the nine-origin universe, report to the universe’s artificial intelligence immediately. I, the Guardian Warrior of the nine-origin universe, will kill any enemies who step into my universe. ” “We, the 9-origin universe, are not afraid of any powerful enemies! ”

“Those who offend our 9-origin universe will be killed even if they are far away !

On this day, in every corner of the entire 9-origin universe, all the living planets, and all the living beings, a voice filled with majesty appeared in their minds.

At this moment, all the living beings opened their eyes and widened their eyes.

The living beings on the heaven opening desolate continent were fine.

The living beings on the periphery of the nine-origin universe on the heaven opening desolate continent were shocked when they heard this voice.

What was the Apocalypse?

What were the Unity Saint, the Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, and the others?

What were the Heaven Origin creation realm powerhouses?

However, they soon found that their minds could be connected to an illusory space.

This space contained all sorts of information.

Countless creatures from the nine-origin universe poured into the universe’s Al. When they saw all sorts of information, they were somewhat dazed.

This was especially so for the weaker civilizations that had yet to take off.

All the creatures on these planets were either confused or confused!

After a few months, the creatures on the major planets finally received this reality.

Furthermore, those planets that couldn’t connect to the universe’s Al had their knowledge broadened.

This was a good thing for them.

Because any cultivation technique of the universe’s Al was a true treasure for the weak living beings to become gods.

They were all true treasures that they didn’t dare to imagine before.

Now, there were many such treasures in the universe’s Al.

This was a terrifying opportunity for the weak planets.

The influx of countless creatures also caused the entire universe’s AI to

become lively.

Then, about a year later, many problems suddenly appeared on the universe’s

Al.

Some of them were very hot.

These were the problems of the life planets outside the nine-origin universe.

One question was.., the Hetian saint and the Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, the elven empress, the twelve ancestral witches, the Xuanwu Patriarch, the nether patriarch, the Emperor of Angels, the Royal Patriarch, the Celestial Nation’s Floating Water Queen, the Dragon Palace’s Divine Ox throne, and so on, who was the most powerful?

One question was, which faction was the most powerful in the nine-origin universe?

These two questions were the most popular.

The disciples of the strongest races in the nine-origin universe also started to discuss and rank.

Of course, they didn’t dare to talk about the destiny-level powerhouses. They only made a simple ranking.

One of the wild rankings received the approval of many people.

The Heavenly Yuan destiny-level ranking:

First: The Demon Race’s Lord Shadow Demon Emperor!

Second: Lord Dragon King of the Dragon Palace!

Third: Lord Elven empress, Lord Xuanwu Patriarch, Lord twelve ancestral sorcerers, and Lord ancestor of the nether race are ranked side by side (details unknown!)

Fourth: the rest of the heavenly fate powerhouses are ranked unknown.

With only four rankings, this ranking was still very well recognized.

Because according to the information of the powerhouses of the peak races, they only knew this much.

The only thing that was controversial was whether the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace had the strength of the Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor?

However, in the end, many of the experts ‘disciples still believed that the Fallen Shadow Demon Emperor was the strongest and had the deepest foundation. Of course, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was undoubtedly the second strongest.

This was because all the experts’ disciples of the peak races had seen that the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace instantly killed a heaven origin creation realm expert who had just broken through.

He had killed a chaos behemoth.

And in the ranking of the forces in the nine-origin universe, the first place was the Dragon Palace. This was unquestionable! The second place was the demon race.

The third place was given to the witch race.

The fourth place was given to the dark race.

The fifth place was the ELF race.

The sixth place was the black tortoise race.

The seventh place was the angel race.

The eighth place was the saint race.

The ninth royal clan.

The tenth celestial nation.

The eleventh skeleton clan.

The Twelfth Divine Tiger clan.

Many strong disciples agreed with this ranking.

“Why isn’t the Dragon Palace’s Dragon King’s strength the number one, but the Dragon Palace’s strength is?”

The creatures outside the 19 -origin universe asked curiously.

Soon, an expert from the celestial nation replied to this question.

“Because in the Dragon Palace, besides the Dragon King, there’s also Lord Lin Niu. In addition, our immortal kingdom’s Floating Queen made a breakthrough with the help of the Dragon King. In the future, our immortal kingdom will be on the same side as the Dragon King. Wherever the Dragon King Points, the immortal kingdom will follow! ”

The reply from the powerhouse from the immortal kingdom shocked the living beings outside the nine-origin universe.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

However, there was another reply besides this one, which shocked them.

“Outside the nine-origin universe, the Dragon King once raised an adopted son. This adopted son of the Dragon King was blessed with great fortune and his strength was comparable to the Lords ranked third in our nine-origin universe. ”

The two rankings and some information made the name of the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace resound throughout every corner of the nine-origin universe.

Later, when all the living beings saw the stories and legends about the Dragon King’s life on the universe’s Al, they were even more dumbfounded!