Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 44: The Chaotic Coral Reefs Area

Translator: Larbrestudio Editor: Larbrestudio

Grouper! Wild grouper costs approximately $100 per catty currently.

Tiger grouper! Wild tiger grouper costs approximately $200 per catty currently.

While swimming in the seas, Wang Xian would spot precious fish from time to time. However, all these fish were devoured by him directly.

As the quantity was too low or only one, it wouldn’t be useful even if he had brought it to the restaurant.

The truth was that within the seas, there was still a lot of fish that had a high value. However, the less common they were, the higher the value. High-value fish were often not available in large quantities.

The Bohai Sea was one of the most shallow sea regions in the country and was only several dozens of meters deep. Currently, Wang Xian could dominate all marine animals that were within twenty meters of him using his Dragon Energy.

The resources in nearby regions of the country are too scarce and couldn’t be compared with the sea regions of Europe and the Americas.

With such a large population and uncontrolled fishing, many marine animals were on the brink of extinction. The marine animals within the seas couldn’t be compared with regions in other countries.

There’s a small school of fish right ahead.

Wang Xian squinted his eyes and looked at the several hundreds of fish in front of him. Those should be black seabream, a common fish found in the Bohai Sea.

Moving his body, he dominated the school of fish using his Dragon Power before the school of black seabream could react to the situation.

“Devour.”

Wang Xian opened his mouth and started devouring the hundreds of black seabream one after another.

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Human (Able to transform into a Dragon)

Level: Three

Dragon Energy: 323/100,000

Superpower: Dominate the marine animals (Ability to rule any marine animals that are lower than your own level)

Devour any form of marine animals (For extraction of dragon energy)

Art of Cultivation: Divine Dragon Transformation

I still need a lot of Dragon Energy to reach Level Four but let’s put aside the issue of leveling up and focus on finding some top-quality ingredients first.

Wang Xian looked at his attributes and thought to himself. He looked at the clam girl behind him before heading forward.

Eh, the place right ahead is really beautiful!

The seafloor of the seas was broader and more magnificent. They also had a stranger landscape than those on the land.

After swimming for about an hour, other than finding several large lobsters, he didn’t see any other top-quality seafood. He looked ahead and noticed colorful reefs ahead of him.

The entire seafloor was decorated with different colors. Under the illumination of the faint sunlight, it looked very magical.

However, the landscape was very chaotic in that area with protruding rocks from time to time. Wang Xian also noticed that there were many torn fishnets around that area.

If one drove a fishing boat over to fish in this chaotic coral reefs region with lots of sharp rocks, it would be over if his net got caught on the rocks and was cut open.

Wang Xian accelerated and swam over and found fishing nets on many rocks.

What Wang Xian didn’t know was that this area was known as the “Chaotic Coral Reefs” region by experienced fishermen in the Bohai Sea. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The reason why it was known as such was that there were many submerged reefs in this area. It was also considered as the restricted ground for fishing.

The resources around these areas are clearly more abundant.

As Wang Xian approached the area, he immediately saw a school of pomfret. There were approximately 400-500 of them that were swimming in the vicinity.

Moving his body, he encountered schools of fish and still chose to devour them.

Boom!

Wang Xian charged over and dominated the school of Level 0 pomfrets directly. After which, he turned them into Dragon Energy.

“It’s pretty here.” After devouring the school of pomfrets, Wang Xian turned his attention to the entire coral reef region in front of him.

Although the landscape wasn’t smooth, it was of different colors and one couldn’t hide the magical feeling this place was giving off.

Wang Xian wiggled his body slightly and looked to the surroundings. He noticed that there were quite a number of jellyfish around.

Jellyfish were poisonous marine animals. Strong jellyfish could even poison a person to death easily.

However, only uniquely horrifying jellyfish would pose a threat to Wang Xian. As for ordinary jellyfish, Wang Xian wasn’t wary at all.

Wang Xian swam slowly towards the inner regions of the coral reefs.

Eh, that should be scalloped spiny lobster. The current price of it is about $200 per catty.

Wang Xian saw a lobster that weighed over a catty passing by. With just a thought, he controlled it with his Dragon Power and made it swim towards him.

Swoosh!

However, at this moment, a horrifying living animal emerged from the seafloor and bit on that scalloped spiny lobster directly.

Crack crack!

That monster bit onto the head of the lobster directly. In just a short while, it had killed the lobster.

Wang Xian was slightly shocked and quickly turned his attention to that monster.

“This is? Conger eel!”

Wang Xian squinted his eyes. Conger eels were considered as violent animals just like an electric eel.

Similarly to an electric eel, a conger eel was capable of discharging electricity. In addition, a conger eel was more horrifying than an electric eel.

Conger eel was known for his tenacity and would even attack other types of fish.

Wang Xian was scrutinizing this ingesting conger eel. It had a body that spanned 2.5 meters and a hideous-looking head. With just a single bite, it broke the shell of the lobster.

Conger eel: Level Three

Extractable Dragon Energy: 231

A level three conger eel.

Wang Xian opened his mouth slightly. At Level Three, his Dragon Power would not have a huge influence on the conger eel.

He wiggled his tail slightly and opened up his claws. Jerking ahead, he attacked the conger eel directly.

Swoosh!

Just as Wang Xian charged over, the conger eel, which was 10 meters away, immediately lifted its head and looked at Wang Xian with a cold stare. At the same time, it was emanating a violent aura.

At the same level, the divine dragon isn’t afraid of any living animal.

A cold look surfaced on Wang Xian while he did not reduce his attacking momentum.

Growl!

The conger eel opened its mouth widely and charged towards Wang Xian without hesitating.

“Go and die!” Wang Xian extended his dragon claws and grabbed onto its head directly.

Sss.

However at this moment, a blue ray of light emitted from the conger eel’s head. Within the glow was a strong electric current.

At that instant, Wang Xian could feel his dragon claw going numb. His entire body even started shivering.

Sss!

The conger eel opened its mouth widely and bit towards Wang Xian’s head.

Growl!

Giving out a soft roar, Wang Xian opened his mouth too and charged ahead.

Crack, crack! He ripped the conger eel’s head out with a bite and quickly devoured it.

Seeking its own death!

Wang Xian showed disdain at the Level Three conger eel which was being arrogant. At this moment, only a Level Five or Six conger eel would be able to deal with him.

The coral reefs in this region are chaotic and everywhere. It’s very suitable for lobsters and conger eels to survive. If there are more lobsters here, I wouldn’t have to worry about getting top-quality lobsters in the restaurant.

Wang Xian looked to the surroundings and instructed clam girl to search the surroundings.

“Dragon King, there’s a lobster right here!”

Clam girl quickly brought him the news. Moving his body, he swam over directly.

He saw clam girl had captured a lobster that was over 1 meter long.

Ornate Spiny lobsters! It is the expensive Ornate Spiny lobsters and weighs about two catties. It seems like there would be quite an amount of lobsters in this area.

Looking at this colorful lobster, excitement started filling Wang Xian.