Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 454: Sacred Sect, Devil Sects

The entire Underworld was discussing the establishment of the Dragon Sect. What happened on the competition field of the Outstanding Young Heroes Competition was beyond the expectations of any forces.

Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown killed the disciples of the Medical Saint Sect.

A dozen-odd young men appeared and swept aside all the demon-like supreme talents.

Medical Saint Sect issued a killing order, eight forces accepted it and attempted to kill Wang Xian.

Following this, Wang Xian established his Sacred Sect. The Dragon Sect was formed and killed twenty-nine Inborn experts from eight other forces.

The Dragon King announced the Dragon Sect’s killing order. They were going after all the forces who had accepted the killing order from the Medical Saint Sect and the Medical Saint Sect.

Among which, there was another Sacred Clan.

The shocking incidents that happened over the course of a day were even more than what had happened in the entire year prior.

Everyone in the Underworld was shocked and was discussing the events.

And as for the name of Miracle Doctor Wang from Rivertown, everyone had now chosen to call him the Dragon King.

Dragon King of the Dragon Sect. That was also an honorific name for an unparalleled expert, and Wang Xian was clearly qualified.

However, a few shocking announcements were made over the Underworld website on the second day.

“In three days, our Medical Saint Sect will lead all our experts to annihilate the Dragon Sect in Rivertown! Annihilate the Sacred Sect!”

“In three days, our Qiao Clan will lead all our experts to annihilate the Dragon Sect in Rivertown! Annihilate the Sacred Sect!”

“In three days, our Wu Family will lead all our experts to annihilate the Dragon Sect in Rivertown! Annihilate the Sacred Sect!”

...

One after another, a total of eight messages were published on the morning of the second day.

In three days, they would be annihilating the Dragon Sect when the Dragon Sect held their pilgrimage!

The messages were just as the people in the Underworld had expected. Even so, when the Medical Saint Sect and Qiao Clan made the statements, they still surprised the entire Underworld.

[Battle of the Sacred Sects. It has been a long time since there’s been a battle of the Sacred Sects in the Underworld!]

[That’s too insane. The insane Dragon King of the Dragon Sect has challenged two Sacred Sects at the same time. Together with the seven first-class forces, the coalition’s strength will be beyond everyone’s imagination.]

[The Medical Saint Sect and the Qiao Clan have been totally infuriated. No. We can’t say that they are infuriated. Instead, it’s the infuriated Dragon King that wants a deadly battle against them. In three days, there will be an unparalleled huge battle!]

[If the Medical Saint Sect, Qiao Clan and the seven first-class forces were to mobilize all their strength, how many Inborn experts would there be?]

[The seven first-class forces will have roughly twenty-five Inborn experts. As for the Medical Saint Sect, no one really knows. However, as a Sacred Sect known for refining elixir pills, they will have no less than thirty-five. The Inborn experts from the Qiao Clan won’t be fewer than twenty-five. Together, that’s an insane seventy Inborn experts!]

[Battle of the century! This would be the battle of the century! How is the Dragon Sect going to withstand the strength of close to three Sacred Sects?]

[You can now place your bets on the Underworld website. In three days, will the Dragon Sect be annihilated or will it be Medical Saint Sect and the rest? Time to place your bets!]

The entire Underworld had erupted because of the announcement made by the Medical Saint Sect, Qiao Clan and the seven first-class forces.

[The Dragon Sect will definitely be annihilated. The Medical Saint Sect is one of the few Sacred Sects with the strongest strength. Their strength won’t be something a newly established Dragon Sect could possibly match, let alone the coalition with the Qiao Clan and the other forces!]

[I’m also of the opinion that the Dragon King of the Dragon Sect is too arrogant to challenge so many forces at the same time. This isn’t domineering. It’s courting his own demise!]

[He’s still young and full of vigor after all. He must have thought that he could go against two Saint-class forces with fifty Inborn experts as disciples. He probably hasn’t considered the Supreme Elders of the Medical Saint Sect and the Laozu of the Qiao Clan!]

[The Laozu of the Qiao Clan is incredibly strong. In the ranking of the unparalleled experts, he is ranked tenth. He’s an old monster that has lived for over a hundred years!]

[The Supreme Elder of the Medical Saint Sect is also definitely terrifying existence above the Inborn Realm. Moreover, no one really knows how many Supreme Elders of the Medical Saint Sect are still alive.]

[Although the fifty Inborn experts from the Dragon Sect are strong, the only one who has the strength above Inborn Realm would probably be the Dragon King. Moreover, the authenticity of his strength has yet to be verified!]

When the domineering announcements were made on the Underworld website, everyone was discussing the topic fervently.

As for the pilgrimage to the Dragon Sect in three days, many martial artists didn’t have high hopes for the Dragon Sect after analysis.

Although a newly established Sacred Sect was shocking, the strength of traditional Sacred Sects was beyond the imagination of ordinary people.

It was especially so for Medical Saint Sect which was widely regarded as the Sacred Sect with the most resources.

There were also many martial artists in the Underworld who bluntly claimed that the Dragon Sect would definitely be annihilated and the rise of the Dragon King would just be a flash in the pan.

This was because the second strongest expert in the Underworld, the Lord of the Sea Serpent Island, was an expert that was close to being peerless.

The Dragon King from the Dragon Sect had killed the two experts that were with his son and even attempted to kill his only son.

As the second strongest unparalleled expert in the Underworld, he wouldn’t just let this matter go.

Considering the style and personality of the Lord of Sea Serpent Island, he would definitely go after the life of the Dragon King.

At this moment, although Dragon King had terrifying talents, he would definitely be killed if he faced the Lord of Sea Serpent Island.

Undoubtedly.

[The bets on the Dragon Sect being annihilated has hit over fifty billion while those betting on the Dragon Sect annihilating the Medical Saint Sect is a meager billion-plus. Hehe!]

Wang Xian revealed a smile after seeing the comments left on the Underworld website.

Medical Saint Sect, Qiao Clan and the Lord of Sea Serpent Island!

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered. Just some time ago, he’d been fearful when he first entered the Underworld website and saw these names.

And now, he was going to annihilate them. What an interesting turn of events.

In that case, we will know the outcome in three days!

Ruthlessness gleamed in Wang Xian’s eyes.

Huh? Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

At this moment, Wang Xian suddenly saw a thread being pinned on the top. The thread was started by Dong Hua Sacred Sect.

Just the name of Dong Hua Sacred Sect was enough to guarantee its weight. Everyone in the Underworld had the highest regard for it to the point of worship.

It was also the strongest Sacred Sect.

The strongest expert in the Underworld was Nie Wushuang from Dong Hua Sacred Sect.

All along, there was a commonly known slogan: Dong Hua rules supreme in the Underworld.

One could easily tell the strength and status of the Dong Hua Sacred Sect from the slogan.

The announcement made by the Dong Hua Sacred Sect shocked everyone.

[The return of diabolism.]

The short announcement of only four words still made many people dumbfounded.

Diabolism referred to those who took the lives of people to increase their cultivation.

In the Qing Dynasty, diabolism had once ruled the entire Underworld. The Underworld was filled with killings and crime everywhere during that period.

Subsequently, the Sacred Sects, with Dong Hua Sacred Sect as the leader, forced diabolism into seclusion. And now, diabolism had returned!

When the announcement was made, all the information about diabolism was popping out.

[The competition for the Outstanding Young Heroes Chart has just ended. The ominous-looking young man ambushed a first-class force, killed everyone and made them into zombies!]

[The Flower Monk killed dozens of people with brutal means, sucked out their blood and made them into bloody buddha beads!”

[Devil Corpse Palace, Devil Spirits Temple, Remains and the Reeds Spirits are the four main forces of diabolism. They have surfaced with other hidden forces of diabolism!]

Wang Xian looked at the various messages and frowned. The return of diabolism.

“I heard about it from Sui Huang previously. There are two reasons why the forces of the Underworld are relatively weaker compared to those in the international stage. One reason was because of the disappearance of the nine cauldrons while the other was because of diabolism!”