Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 455: The Battle Of The Ages (1)

The weakening of the Underworld was not a given since ancient times.

In ancient times, the Underworld forces could sweep the entire world around.

Even the Emperors were unable to manage the Underworld back then, and could do nothing but leave them alone.

On top of that, some Emperors were Sect Masters of ancestral sects.

One can imagine how glorious the Underworld was back then.

However, the entire Underworld forces were significantly weakened with the disappearance of the nine cauldrons and the rising Diabolism.

Nine Cauldrons were used to secure the luck for the entire nation. One of the greatest uses for them was to gather spiritual Qi.

The so-called Spiritual Qi was also known as spiritual strength. The Nine Cauldrons could gather Spiritual Energy, and filled the land of China which proved to be much more effective for cultivators.

However, the Spiritual Energy disappeared in the land of China after Nine Cauldrons went missing. With this, Diabolism emerged.

The cultivation of Diabolism relied mainly on bloodline, and Spiritual Energy was just supplementary.

This resulted in a much faster progression in their cultivations for Diabolism cultivators than the usual Martial Artists.

The Art of Cultivation in Diabolism was based on bloodline. They were eccentric people who massacred Martial Artists of the Underworld to enhance their own strength.

This, in turn, sparked a bloodbath in the Underworld with never-ending massacres for decades.

Fifty years ago, Nie Wushuang from Donghua Sacred Sect emerged and gathered a group of Sacred Sects to besiege Diabolism.

As invincible as Nie Wushuang was, he defeated several Sect Leaders of Diabolism, forcing them into seclusion, after which they dared not make themselves known again.

Since then, peace had been restored in the Underworld.

But, the strength of the Underworld dropped by three to four times due to the countless casualties after going through the war with Diabolism.

Back then, the number of Inborn Experts in the Underworld was not more than a hundred people.

As the forces in the Underworld were weakened, those foreign forces who had been eyeing the immense resources and ancient legacies of the Underworld came to plunder. The Underworld had received yet another major blow for more than ten years.

For the last fifty years, only twenty to thirty percent of the strength was restored in the Underworld. As such, it was still weak.

With the rise of Diabolism again, another bloody storm could be looming over the Underworld once again.

The country should be able to impose sanctions on them if Diabolism is going out for innocent killings like they used to. The situation is not as serious as I imagined, but conflicts will increase!

Wang Xian pondered to himself when he read the messages on the Underworld.

The era had changed. With modern technology, even Inborn Experts could not withstand the bombings.

Only when one advanced beyond the Inborn level could they survived under the bombings.

However, Dan Realm Experts had to avoid those strategic weapons too. Not to mention those destructive weapons like nuclear bombs which would cause even Dan Realm Experts to be blown to ashes.

With the government in control, Diabolism would not dare to go around killing the innocent. However, it was inevitable for a bloodbath to occur in the Underworld.

“Diabolism? I don’t care if they are members of Diabolism or not as long as they don’t provoke me.”

Wang Xian scrolled through his phone without any concerns.

However, the Underworld erupted because of the rise of Diabolism. The older generations knew more about it, while the younger generations knew nuts.

[Refining corpses and blood aura sounds very impressive. The thought of controlling dozens of zombies for combat seemed awesome!]

[I heard about Diabolism from my grandfather. They are gruesome. After they kill you, they will extract your Blood Essence or turn you into a corpse. You will not rest in peace even after you die!]

[Even Donghua Sacred Sect had released this message on the Underworld. They must be compelling!]

[The old forces of Diabolism can even take over the entire Underworld. If not for the leadership of Nie Wushuang of Donghua Sacred Sect, the Underworld wiould still be dominated by Diabolism!]

[The Underworld has been chaotic recently with the rising of Diabolism, emerging Dragon King, and the battle between Dragon Sect, Medical Saint Sect, and Qiao Clan. The entire Underworld is in an upheaval!]

[Anyone want to meet up in a group and watch the battle of the ages in two days? Let’s go to Rivertown!]

[The battle is between the Sacred Sects. However, the Dragon King has already mentioned he will be receiving the arrival of Medical Saint Sect and Qiao Clan. The rest of the forces would be best off avoiding it. Otherwise, they might get killed by mistake!]

[That’s right. We should stay a distance away and wait for the news on the outcome. Forget about going over. Otherwise, they will mistake us as people from the opposite party. We can wait for news in Rivertown tomorrow!]

[Wait for what news? The Dragon Sect will be annihilated!]

[Even if we cannot witness the battle of the ages with our own eyes the day after tomorrow, we must wait for the first-hand outcome. Let’s head to Rivertown tomorrow.]

Everyone was focused on the battle. Even the rise of Diabolism was not any more impressive than the current battle of the Sacred Sects.

Besides, this battle would not end with the fall of one or the other.

The day before the Dragon Sect Pilgrimage.

As the dominant and longest-running ancestral sect, the valley at Medical Saint Sect was surrounded by a wide variety of plants.

Some of the plants were looking gorgeous, blooming large flowers.

Some of them gave off a faint scent. From afar, the valley seemed like an outdoor fairyland amid the mist.

It was extremely difficult for outsiders to enter the valley. Even Inborn Experts could end up dead in the invisible defense around the valley.

At this time, a group of Medical Saint Sect disciples stood in the middle of the valley.

There were more than five thousand people, including disciples from two families in the Medical Saint Sect. Among which, about five hundred of them were standing over there.

These five hundred people were the core strength of the Medical Saint Sect.

Two white-haired old men in the lead were sitting on the top, with one wearing green, with two emerald arms.

Another one wore a Taoist robe with Eight Trigrams on it with purple sparks on his palms. [1]

Two of them sat there while the two Sect Masters and the rest of the disciples stood below.

“Everyone get ready to annihilate the Dragon Sect tomorrow.”

The old man in the Taoist robe sounded flat when he announced this to the five hundred Medical Saint Sect disciples.

His tone sounded gentle as if he was making some usual announcements.

“It seems like Medical Saint Sect has not entered a battle for fifty years. We have been staying too low. It’s time we went out and have fresh air!” said another old man plainly. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

To them, it seemed like a piece of cake to annihilate the Dragon Sect tomorrow.

“Yes, Supreme Elder!”

The group of disciples bowed and answered below the stage.

They did not have much fighting spirit or excitement.

With two Supreme Elders around, annihilating a new Sacred Sect was not a big deal.

Amongst five hundred people, there were forty Inborn Experts. The rest were either Level 8 or 9 Martial Artists or Half-step to Inborn.

This was how formidable the Medical Saint Sect was. With a vast amount of resources and the daunting Arts of Refining Elixr Pills, no forces could imagine waging a battle against them.

Not to mention they were joining hands with Qiao Clan to annihilate this Sacred Sect!

Endnote:

[1] Eight Trigrams refers to eight symbols used in Taoist cosmology to represent the fundamental principles of reality, seen as a range of eight interrelated concepts.