496  Diabolism And The Chaotic World

"Have you prepared the ship I told you about previously?"

When Wang Xian heard her saying he was shorter than her, he looked to her feet.

She was still wearing heels. Wang Xian had no idea why some foreign girls would like this type of stuff.

However, with Adjaya's current strength, whatever she wore wouldn't affect her movement.

"If I gave them all the things here today, you would have been left with nothing!"

Adjaya didn't answer him directly. Her eyes were fixed on him and she wore a beautiful smile.

"Your life is still in my hands!" Wang Xian looked at her and remarked plainly.

"Let's not talk about something that will spoil the mood. As long as you agree to marry me, I will naturally send these items to you. Moreover, I can even tell you every word in the Fire God's Secret Book and the Holy Water Scripture. What do you think? I believe the dowry is definitely a sufficient and handsome sum!" Adjaya walked around Wang Xian and commented with smiles.

"Impossible. It's not just I that doesn't agree. My girlfriends wouldn't agree to it either!" Wang Xian answered helplessly. "I can't remain here and play along with you. I've got to get back tomorrow."

Adjaya raised an eyebrow and said, "In that case, I'll return with you. Aren't you interested in the Fire God's Secret Book? If I don't tell you today..."

She didn't complete her sentence and simply stared at Wang Xian.

"You want to go back with me?"

Wang Xian looked at her and his expression was changing. He was pondering what might happen subsequently.

"What? It still wouldn't work? In that case, don't even think about leaving this place!"

Adjaya stared angrily at him.

"Alright. But I have to inform you... Forget it, I'll tell you again when we are traveling. Get your guys to prepare first."

Wang Xian thought about it and saw how she reacted. In the end, he nodded his head helplessly.

"Alright, you can have the ship anytime. If you don't mind, drop by the Royal Palace for a meal!"

Adjaya smiled and wrapped her arms around Wang Xian's arm.

"Alright. However, I have to leave by noon!"

Wang Xian thought about it before nodding his head. Maintaining a positive relationship with the Royal Family of Dubai would definitely be beneficial to him.

"Alright. I'm going back to take a nap. Why don't we go together? After all, I'll be marrying you in the future!"

Adjaya held his arm and blinked flirtatiously at him.

"Sure! Why don't we just do it here!" Wang Xian smiled sheepishly.

Adjaya's body stiffened and she saw Wang Xian's teasing eyes. She snorted and left.

Wang Xian chuckled and headed back to the hotel.

When Wang Xian returned to his room, it was already 2 am.

The next morning, the bell to his room rang when dawn had just broken.

Wang Xian opened the door and Adjaya walked in directly with a set of clothes.

"Your clothes were in tatters yesterday. I got people to custom make some for you. Try it. If you have nothing to attend to, let me bring you to tour the royal palace," Adjaya smiled, handed him the clothes and said as she walked into the room.

"Alright!"

Wang Xian nodded his head. Changing into the clothes he received, he saw that they were fitting. However, what made him speechless was that all of them were bright red.

They resembled a couple's costume with what Adjaya was wearing.

"Hmmm! Not bad. Let's go for lunch!"

Adjaya smiled, nodded her head and walked to Wang Xian to hold his arm before they left the room.

Along the way, they drew attention from countless people.

It was especially so for Adjaya who was wearing a crown. Her bright red clothes and her fiery-red hair were extremely attention-grabbing.

After having breakfast with Wang Xian, they headed towards the royal palace of Dubai.

Adjaya brought him around the royal palace.

At noon, Wang Xian had a meal with Adjaya's parents and her younger brother.

There weren't many people and there weren't many rules.

When Wang Xian saw the King of Dubai, he wasn't reserved and simply chatted casually with him.

"Have you prepared the stuff I told you about?"

After having lunch, Wang Xian waved his hand and said goodbye to Adjaya's family.

"They are prepared. When your guys are here, I'll send some people to bring them over."

Adjaya played with her hair while speaking to him.

"Great. In that case, we will be flying to the capital of China before heading to where I stay!" Wang Xian nodded his head and said to her.

"Anything will do. I'm following you no matter what. I have never left Dubai before. Will China be a fun place?" Adjaya asked enthusiastically.

"It's more beautiful in terms of landscape. Almost everywhere is a desert here." Wang Xian nodded his head and looked at her clothing. "Are you going to take the flight in this attire?" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

She looked just how she had previously with a crown on her heard. However, she went further this time with a truncheon in her hands.

A Level 13 spiritual staff.

"What's wrong with it?"

Adjaya tilted her head and revealed her fair and flawless neck.

"As you wish!"

After all, she was the Goddess of Flames. No matter what she wore, her strength was still the same.

"Let me send the little brat a message!"

Wang Xian took out his phone and headed towards the airport with Adjaya.

Just as he sent out the message, he received a call from Guan Shuqing.

"Hello, Shuqing?"

"Xiao Xian, when are you coming back?"

"I'll reach Shang Jing in the afternoon. What's the matter?" Wang Xian asked curiously.

"Nothing. Just come back as soon as possible. The Underworld is really chaotic now and the Sacred Soul Sect was annihilated. Diabolism has surfaced recently and there are killings everywhere in the entire Underworld. Just last night, an unparalleled expert from diabolism came to the Sui Clan!"

"Really? Why did he visit the Sui Clan?"

Wang Xian was shocked.

"A warning. They are warning the Sui Clan to not get involved. They are frantically executing revenge on the sects that besieged them fifty years ago."

Wang Xian nodded his head. "It's great that things are fine. I'll be reaching the airport soon. I'll look for you once I arrive."

"Alright, Xiao Xian. I won't feel safe until you're here!"

Guan Shuqing hung up the phone after adding two more lines.

"Your girlfriend?" Adjaya asked curiously. She couldn't understand Chinese and thus didn't know what Wang Xian was talking about.

"Yeah, she's my girlfriend!" Wang Xian replied with a laugh.

"It seems like I'll have to learn Chinese in the future!" chuckled Adjaya.

Wang Xian shrugged his shoulders. He took out his phone and entered the Underworld website.

"I've only been in Dubai for three to four days and there have been such major changes to the Underworld!"

Looking at the various pieces of news on the Underworld website, Wang Xian was astonished.

[Diabolism and the chaotic world. Sacred Soul Sect was annihilated and an unparalleled expert has fallen!]

[The four devil sects of Devil Corpse Palace, Devil Spirits Temple, Remains and Reeds Spirits have shown exceptionally terrifying strength. Devil Corpse Palace easily annihilated the Sacred Soul Sect!]

[Emperor Qi of diabolism wishes to challenge Nie Wushuang, Sect Leader of Dong Hua Sacred Sect, on the peak of Huashan!]

[Vampires, zombies, spirits! Terrifying diabolism!]

All the messages were related to diabolism.

Since the end of the Outstanding Young Heroes Competition, the entire Underworld had undergone major changes!