Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 507: Enemy Defeated In Four Moves

“You killed two of my subordinates. I’ll annihilate you, then the Dragon Sect today!”

Hai Jiao stood in the air, a thousand meters above ground with tumbling currents surging behind him as he spoke coldly.

“Annihilate my Dragon Sect?”

Immense killing intent flickered in Wang Xian’s eyes as he opened his mouth and spat out his Dragon Ball.

“I’ll kill you today, then your son!”

As soon as he finished his sentence, he dashed out to Hai Jiao immediately.

“I’ll kill you within five strokes!”

Hai Jiao waved his arms, and two horn-like weapons appeared in his hand. The ocean tumbled into a terrifying being with horns.

“You’re not even at the Budding Realm, and you dare to be arrogant!”

Wang Xian exhibited a disdainful look with the Dragon Ball suspended over his head. Flames from a radius of hundred meters were drawn to the Dragon Ball, condensing into an eight-meter Inferno Divine Dragon.

“The first stroke: Sea Serpent to the sea!”

Coldness flushed the face of Hai Jiao as he held his double horns and confronted Wang Xian.

“Then I shall take your first move!”

Wang Xian’s arm stretched to two meters long with terrifying dragon claws. The sharp dragon claws were heated to high temperatures.

Bam!

An explosion was heard as soon as the double horns and dragon claws knocked against each other.

It was the explosion of water and flames.

Growl!

The moment they collided, the Inferno Divine Dragon above Wang Xian had already clashed head-on with the sea monster with horns.

Boom!

Sst!

The Inferno Divine Dragon seemed to be alive as it raked its sharp claws and bit at the horns.

A dragon flame was spewed while a cloud of mist that rose from the seawater within a hundred meter range quickly diminished.

“What?”

When he and Wang Xian collided head-on with each other, he was appalled as his power and the water energy in the air were diminishing at a rapid rate.

“Sea Serpent strike through!”

Hai Jiao grabbed the double horns with an immense amount of water energy gathered on it. He swung his arms, and two high-speed spinning water energies twisted together.

The spinning water energy ballooned into a pail-size, several hundred meters long, being hurled at Wang Xian directly.

“Sea Serpent, a Sea Serpent after all!”

Coldness surfaced on Wang Xian’s face as he swung his hands. The Inferno Divine Dragon above his head swayed its domineering figure and charged towards the terrifying water current.

Boom boom!

As the water energy evaporated, the steam that rose up to the sky condensed into clouds. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Drops of rainwater began to fall.

“How? How could he be so strong?”

Young Lord of Sea Serpent Island, at the Donghua Ritual Ground, was stupefied as he craned his neck up to watch the battle in the sky.

That lad, who was younger than him, was able to compete with his father!

He found this to be unbelievable!

“The Dragon King of Dragon Sect is formidable. He’s on par with Hai Jiao!”

“Their strength was much stronger than average Dan Realm Experts.”

“Is this the strength of the Dragon King? He’s indeed mighty. It’s already been two strokes, and Hai Jiao is still at a disadvantage!”

The group of forces watched the scene in shock.

Hai Jiao was the official second strongest recognized in the Underworld. Yet he was only on par with the Dragon King of Dragon Sect.

“This Dragon King!”

Back at Donghua Sacred Sect, Nie Wuya and the other two Dan Realm Experts were watching the battle in the air with eyes narrowed.

“Hai Jiao’s strength is Half-Step to Budding Realm. That Dragon King should be the same too. He’s a twenty-year-old unparalleled expert!” an old man could not help but exclaim.

“You want to kill me within five strokes?”

Wang Xian glowered at Hai Jiao coldly. With a move, he drew a long tail of flames in the air while he raked the enormous dragon claws at Hai Jiao.

“I said five, and meant five!”

Hai Jiao was infuriated as he bellowed with blue radiance exuding from his double horns.

An ox horn image that complemented the double horns in his hand slowly surfaced from his body.

Boom!

The two enormous ox horns hit the dragon claws of Wang Xian. Hai Jiao’s body could not help but tremble a little.

“It’s a suit. A suit of Inborn Spiritual Weapons!”

Wang Xian was astounded to see Spiritual Weapons complementing each other..

It was a suit of Spiritual Weapons with several items complementing each other such that they could explode double the amount of energy that they’d be able to when they were on their own.

Inborn Spiritual Weapons suit was rare, but compelling.

“Fourth move, Sea Serpent Absorption!”

Hai Jiao revealed a malevolent look.

As the official second strongest expert in the Underworld, he had promised to kill him within five moves, and it would not go beyond that.

This is the pride of an expert.

He raised the double horns as the seawater surrounded him immediately.

The sea began to spiral violently like a hurricane.

Boom boom!

Beside the Dong Hua Ritual Ground was a vast lake.

The whole lake began to tumble. With the absorption of Hai Jiao, the water from the lake began to spiral up into the air.

Sea Serpent Absorption.

“Gosh, is this the terrifying strength of an unparalleled expert?”

“This is too domineering. Any Inborn Expert would be trembling in their boots under such insane force!”

Those Inborn Experts who have yet to reach the Dan Realm were watching the Sea Serpent absorbing water with horror.

It was like seeing a domineering hurricane, a terrifying power from nature.

The water spun at a terrifying speed. Eventually, all the water from the sea gathered to form daunting ox horns.

Sharp horns.

Imagine seeing thousands of sharp horns spinning violently in the air, striking one at high speed. That would be hair-raising.

“Using energy to condense items. Isn’t that what Budding Realm Experts can do? Hai Jiao can actually do that too!”

“Dan Realm Experts can use energy to draw objects while Budding Realm Experts can condense items. The class of the battle has been raised by a level. He’s no doubt the second strongest expert in the Underworld. When he reaches Nie Wushuang’s age, he probably can advance to Budding Realm!”

“That Dragon King is god damned mighty. The thing that could transform into Inferno Divine Dragon should be a Spiritual Flame Ball. The level of a Spiritual Flame Ball is quite daunting!”

Everyone craned their heads while gazing at that daunting scene from below. All of them gasped.

Even Dan Realm Experts also narrowed their eyes.

“His means of attack and weapons are all at their peaks such that I could not surpass four levels to beat him!”

Wang Xian studied the daunting Sea Serpent Absorption and took a deep breath.

Roar!

With a bellow, the Dragon Ball that was hovering above him shrouded him.

On the outside, Wang Xian seemed to be swallowed by the Inferno Divine Dragon.

Yet, Wang Xian transformed into a Divine Dragon at this moment.

He stared at Hai Jiao, who was dashing at him with cold eyes. Traces of murderous intent surfaced on his face.

“I don’t need five moves to defeat you!”

Wang Xian’s body trembled, drawing a trail of flames in the air while charging at that daunting Sea Serpent Absorption.

“Seeking your own death!”

Everyone watched with disdainful looks from below.

The five-hundred-meter Sea Serpent was absorbing the water, condensing all the water energy into razor-sharp horns.

In the face of such a domineering attack, one could only dodge.

Charging toward it was as good as digging his own grave!