Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 508: You Guys Are Keeping His Life?

“The outcome is about to be decided!”

“That Dragon King will be killed soon! Hehe! He brought about his own demise. If the Lord of Sea Serpent Island can maintain the huge hundred-meter Sea Serpent Absorption for half an hour, he could destroy an entire city!”

“The might of the Sea Serpent Absorption is even more terrifying than a level 10 typhoon. Any creature that is sucked in will be ground to shreds!”

“Haha, kill the Dragon King! Since he’s not joining the alliance of the orthodox sects, he will become a potential issue for us in the future. It’s best to kill him now!”

“He is crazy to want to fight the Lord of Sea Serpent Island!”

On the Dong Hua Ritual Ground, the crowd was waiting to see the clash of the huge eight-meter Inferno Divine Dragon and the several-hundred-meter Sea Serpent Absorption. Subconsciously, many of them were smirking.

With regard to the newly established Saint-class Dragon Sect and the domineering behavior of the Dragon King, all of the other Sacred Sects didn’t have a good impression.

In fact, it was more of fear. They were fearful of the strength of the Dragon Sect and the Dragon King.

If the Dragon King was to be killed here, they would be glad to witness it.

Wang Xian heard the discussion below him and ruthlessness beamed in his eyes.

“Kill me?”

He squinted his eyes and flames erupted from his body like a volcano!

“Die! Sea Serpent Absorption – Sea Serpent Crush!”

Hai Jiao stood in the eye of the Sea Serpent Absorption and the horns in his hands were rotating rapidly. He waved his arms and the Sea Sea Serpent Absorption clashed towards Wang Xian.

Rumble!

Endless explosions erupted as Wang Xian charged into the humongous Sea Serpent Absorption.

Flames gathered and formed dragon scales which covered his body.

Water energy coalesced and formed sharp objects which resembled cow horns and shot towards Wang Xian’s body.

Terrifying shockwaves shook the entire sky.

The clash of water and fire had resulted in a large patch of ominous clouds forming over the skies.

Countless water droplets were gathering on the ominous clouds.

“When I transform into a dragon, I can even defeat Budding Realm experts overseas that possess battle techniques. A person who hasn’t reached the Budding Realm in the Underworld like you would be no match for me!”

Before the cow horns formed from water energy could crash into Wang Xian, they were instantly vaporized.

Wang Xian swung his dragon claws directly at the body of Hai Jiao.

“What?”

When Hai Jiao saw Wang Xian breaking through and his Sea Serpent Absorption not dealing any damage to him, he was astonished.

“Shit! Shit! Shit!”

Seeing Wang Xian charging towards him rapidly, Hai Jiao could feel his heart wrenching.

“Grrr! Sea Serpent Strike!”

Hai Jiao opened his mouth and spat a mouthful of blood on the horns in his hands. Instantly, they glowed an even brighter shade of blue.

Within the Sea Serpent Absorption, thousands and thousands of horns gathered together to form a terrifying huge horn.

“Extravagant and impractical. Your battle technique is a far cry from those experts overseas!”

Wang Dahai lowered his head slightly after seeing Hai Jiao’s attack. His dragon horns glowed with a dull shade of red as he charged directly towards the giant cow horn formed from water energy.

Bam!

The dragon horns penetrated through and Wang Xian didn’t stop for a moment. He immediately swung his dragon claws at Hai Jiao.

Argh!

Two wretched cries came from the sky.

Hai Jiao’s body was falling towards the ritual ground of Dong Hua Sacred Sect at a terrifying speed.

Boom!

A loud explosion reverberated from the ritual ground.

In the middle of the ritual ground, a huge five-meter hole that was over a dozen meters deep could be seen.

Around it, a network of terrifying cracks had surfaced.

“You? Defeating me in five moves?”

At this moment, Wang Xian’s voice resounded from the sky.

“How can this be possible...?”

“It can’t be! The Lord of Sea Serpent Island is defeated! The second strongest expert of the Underworld is defeated!”

“Sss... This...”

In the Dong Hua Ritual Ground, everyone was in disbelief when they saw the figure in the deep hole and Wang Xian in the sky.

The attack that the Lord of Sea Serpent Island had released previously was capable of destroying heaven and earth.

Yet, he had been defeated. Defeated with relative ease.

If everyone had gotten it right, the two of them had just exchanged four moves.

No one would have expected the Lord of Sea Serpent Island to be defeated in four moves.

This made them look exceptionally bitter.

The Lord of Sea Serpent Island who they had high hopes for, the second strongest expert in the Underworld and the one who was even stronger than all of them, was defeated by the Dragon King.

A red flame was emitted from Wang Xian’s body. He lowered his head and looked down on the Lord of Sea Serpent Island who was lying in the deep hole.

“Kill me? With what you are capable of?”

Wang Xian’s emotionless voice rang throughout the entire Dong Hua Ritual Ground. His lips curved into a smirk as he descended towards the ground.

“No... This isn’t possible. My father wouldn’t lose. He couldn’t have been defeated!” The young lord of Sea Serpent Island was in denial as he screamed in horror.

Cough cough!

At this moment, a violent cough came from the deep hole and a figure crawled out of it gradually.

At this moment, the Lord of Sea Serpent Island was in wretched shape. At his chest, twp deep wounds had even reached his bones.

Around the wound, the tissue was burnt black. There were still traces of fire sparks burning.

His hair was scattered and the neatly trimmed beard was now torched. He looked extremely pathetic at this moment.

As compared to the domineering and majestic look previously, it was as though this was another person.

Hai Jiao’s legs were shivering a little while he stared at Wang Xian. His expression had changed drastically.

“When your son tried to kill me some time ago, your outcome had been decided!”

Wang Xian landed on the ground and stared at the Lord of Sea Serpent Island with smiles.

“Besides that, I’m not the brazen one. It is you who are! Killing me within five moves? How ironic!”

As Wang Xian spoke, a fire sword appeared in his hand. The fire sword rotated gradually as it slashed towards the head of Hai Jiao in an instant.

Fear gleamed in the eyes of the Lord of Sea Serpent Island as his body shivered. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bam!

“Dragon King, the outcome has been decided. Let’s end it here!”

At this moment, a sword-shaped walking stick appeared before the fire sword and stopped it in the process.

The voice of Nie Wuya reached him.

Wang Xian squinted his eyes, turned over and looked fearlessly at Nie Wuya who was on the elevated stage.

“You are going to stop me from killing him?” Wang Xian asked Nie Wuya coldly.

“With Diabolism on the rise and chaos everywhere, the Lord of Sea Serpent Island is part of our alliance of the orthodox sects...”

“You are going to stop me from killing him?” Wang Xian interrupted him and questioned once again.

“Dragon King, this is the territory of our Dong Hua Sacred Sect and the Lord of Sea Serpent Island is a guest of ours. He is also the main force in the alliance of the orthodox sects. You can’t kill him!” Nie Wushuang looked solemnly at Wang Xian and replied.

“In that case, do you know the price of protecting him?”

Wang Xian stared harshly at Nie Wushuang.

“Price? What? Could it be that your Dragon Sect would make us, Dong Hua Sacred Sect, your enemy and become the enemy of the alliance of the orthodox sects?”

Hearing Wang Xian’s highly confrontational demands, Nie Wushuang pulled a long face and answered.

“It isn’t I who wants you as my enemy. It is you, Dong Hua Sacred Sect, who want my Dragon Sect as your enemy!”