Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 509: There’s No Rest For An Enemy Except Death

“It isn’t I who wants you as my enemy. It is you, Dong Hua Sacred Sect, who want Dragon Sect to become your enemy!”

Wang Xian’s icy tone resonated in the ritual ground, causing everyone to gasp in terror.

All the Saint-class forces stared at Wang Xian with flickering eyes.

“Just as always!”

When Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan heard that, they shook their heads at Wang Xian, who was glowering at Donghua Sacred Sect.

As always, he was fearless of any forces and existences.

Sacred Followers Guild Elders, kill. Disciples of Medical Saint Sect, kill. The entire Medical Saint Sect, annihilate.

Qiao Clan, annihilate!

Now he tried to kill Hai Jiao, the second strongest expert of the Underworld, and make himself an enemy with Donghua Sacred Sect.

All the surrounding Saint-class forces stared at Wang Xian with flickering eyes. None of them uttered a word.

They finally got some understanding of how this Dragon King worked.

Do not provoke me. Whoever provokes me, there is only one word – Battle!

Nie Wuya and the bunch of experts from Donghua Sacred Sect were infuriated as they exploded bouts of murderous aura.

“So what if Donghua Sacred Sect is making an enemy with Dragon Sect?” said Nie Wuya as he stared daggers at Wang Xian with eyes full of coldness and killing intent.

“There’s no rest for an enemy except death. If Donghua Sacred Sect is determined to protect Hai Jiao today, we’ll see each other on the battlefield!” Wang Xian answered coldly as he glared at Nie Wuya without wanting to lose out.

“Fine. What a brazen fellow. Since you’re insolent, you shall stay here today!” a Dan Realm old man beside Nie Wuya bellowed as he gave out a daunting radiance that pointed at Wang Xian.

“No rest for us? A Dragon Sect dared to have no rest with Donghua Sacred Sect?”

Another Dan Realm Expert stood up with double blades hung at his waist.

The moment he exuded his aura, the two blades gave out a buzzing sound.

Three Dan Realm Experts let out a daunting vibe, trying to oppress Wang Xian.

“Hehe, it looks like you guys already made a decision!”

Wang Xian exhibited a contemptuous smile. “I have no grudges with Donghua Sacred Sect. But since you guys want to make an enemy with Dragon Sect, we’ll gladly accept! And...”

As he spoke, he stared at the three old men. “You guys aren’t my match yet!”

Wang Xian swept his disdainful gaze across all the people from Donghua Sacred Sect. Eventually, he stopped at Hai Jiao and curled his lips.

“Since Donghua Sacred Sect is protecting you this time, I’ll kill you another time. Hehe, rest assured that it will not be too long!”

As he spoke, Wang Xian spun around, looking slack. He commanded the rest of the Dragonians, “Let’s go!”

All the people from Donghua Sacred Sect clenched their fists tightly with glistening eyes. They were hesitating as to whether they wanted to strike. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At this time, Wang Xian suddenly whirled around and looked across all the hundreds of Donghua Sacred Sect Experts. “If you guys cannot keep me here today, then Dragon Sect will be your nightmare from now on!”

“Haha!” Wang Xian chortled as he stalked out.

Upon hearing Wang Xian, people from Donghua Sacred Sect were looking dreadful. Radiance flickered in Nie Wuya’s eyes as he held the sword-like truncheon tightly in his hand.

The atmosphere suddenly froze as all the surrounding Saint-class forces watched with solemn expressions.

Apparently, Donghua Sacred Sect was out to protect Hai Jiao, and they had completely angered the Dragon King.

Besides, Dragon King had made it clear that the Donghua Sacred Sect was going to make an enemy with them.

There is no rest for an enemy except death!

If it were other Sacred Sects who said the same thing, they probably would be contemptuous.

But this was said by the Dragon King, the one who would slaughter anyone who provoked him.

No one would doubt what the Dragon King said.

“Keep him here!” the old man beside Nie Wuya gritted his teeth and said with murderous eyes.

Nie Wuya darkened his expression as he looked at all the Dan Realm Experts of Sacred Sects.

All the Dan Realm Experts of the Sacred Sects watched indifferently as it was not their business.

“Since Sect Leader is not around, we might not be able to stop him given our combined strength!”

Nie Wuya clenched his fist tightly and spoke in a dull voice.

The strength that the Dragon King had demonstrated was compelling such that everyone was wary of him.

He used four strokes to beat the second strongest man in the Underworld.

The rest of the Sacred Sects dared not meddle in this due to Wang Xian’s daunting combat power. Unlike Donghua Sacred Sect, they did not have the strongest expert of the Underworld in their sects.

Even though they hoped Dragon Sect could be annihilated, and the Dragon King could be slain, they were unwilling to take the risk. If they could not keep the Dragon King here today, an unparalleled expert would lead his Inborn Experts to assassinate the Sacred Sect disciples without stopping. None of the Sacred Sects or Sacred Clans could take such daunting power.

Without exaggeration, Dragon Sect was currently the strongest in the Underworld, apart from Donghua Sacred Sect.

And the Dragon King would be the second strongest.

The two old men beside Nie Wuya had sullen faces with eyes fixed on the departing figure.

They were not confident in holding the Dragon King here.

At his realm, it was hard to keep experts like him if he was determined to escape.

“Given Dragon Sect’s strength, they make a good enemy of the four main devil sects!” said Nie Wuya in a dull voice. He gazed around at all the ancestral sects and clans below the platform and heaved a deep sigh. His mood was extremely bad!

Donghua Sacred Sect did not expect that they would make enemies with a formidable opponent.

He threw a glance at Hai Jiao, who was severely injured and took a deep breath.

The alliance of the orthodox sects had to carry on. As for Dragon Sect, Donghua Sacred Sect was not that concerned even though they were mighty.

In fact, their Sect Leader was not here today.

When their Sect Leader killed Emperor Qi from Diabolism, it would be the time to annihilate Dragon Sect.

“Donghua Sacred Sect, heh!”

After Wang Xian walked out of Donghua Sacred Sect, he had a trace of coldness surfacing in his eyes.

The moment he had entered Donghua Sacred Sect yesterday, Wang Xian did not have a good impression of Donghua Sacred Sect.

They only allowed their own experts to hover in the air while the remaining clans and sects had to be on foot.

In today’s meeting, all their Inborn Experts were seated while the rest of the Inborn Experts from other Sacred Sects had to stand.

The entire arrogant and prideful performance irked Wang Xian. Hence, he did not have any good impression of this ancestral sect.

On top of that, they involved themselves in Hai Jiao’s matter too.

“Since they want to have a game, I’ll play with them. The establishment of Dragon Sect was to awe the Underworld!”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes and asked Mo Yuan in a dull voice, “Where are those Dragonians of the Abyss?”

“Dragon King, seven of them are still operating the Abyss. In the face of the battles between Diabolism and orthodox sects, there are many missions for killing Diabolism. Now they are busy earning the Spiritual Stones. They even asked me for more manpower a few days ago!” Mo Yuan replied with a broad smile.

“If that’s the case, you’ll take over the Abyss and lead all the disciples of Dragon Sect. We’ll assassinate all the Inborn Experts of Donghua Sacred Sect!” said Wang Xian coldly. “Since they’re our enemy, there’s no rest for them except death!”

Given Donghua Sacred Sect’s strength and reputation, they would also wipe their enemies out completely.

The Underworld was such a place!