Chapter 511: I’m Annihilating The Demons (2)

“A high-tech corporation, one which possesses advanced satellite technology!” Wang Xian exclaimed outside the entrance of Shenling Information Technology, while he sensed the staff within the entire company.

They were all ordinary folks, with not a single Martial Artist.

And while Wang Xian gazed intently at the building, a middle-aged man watched on from the surveillance footage. He was standing in an office on the highest floor, within the very same building.

Around the middle-aged man were numerous sets of exquisite human skins that were hung and draping from above. Other than this, there were multiple garnet bones, which shone in a crimson glow.

The entire office looked extremely harrowing.

From the surveillance footage, Wang Xian’s silhouette appeared starkly clear.

“The Dragon King, eh? Has he already come to learn of our Omniscient’s Base? If I guessed correctly, that bar earlier should be the Abyss!”

“Indeed. The Dragon Sect disciples are assassins within the Abyss!”

The middle-aged man broke into a tiny grin. With a face of immense confidence, his eyes glistened as he eyed the footage. “A mere Dragon King is nothing to worry about. It’s the entire Alliance of the Orthodox Sects which we’re up against!

“Did you guys really assume that we, Diabolism, have lived in seclusion for the past half a century without actually doing anything?

“Did you guys really assume that we’d be wiped out so easily by your so-called Orthodox Sects?

“Haha! This time, your so-called Orthodox Sects should prepare to look fear in the eye!”

The middle-aged man muttered under his breath, before continuing with a grimace. “Then again, everything will depend on the fight between Emperor Qi and Nie Wushuang. It’s best if they can perish together!”

The middle-aged looked on indifferently. He caressed his face as if to tidy up his appearance.

After freshening himself up, he smiled once again. Striding like a successful man in society, he headed down with a briefcase in hand.

All this while, his face beamed on with a warm and gentle smile.

However, as the middle-aged man emerged from the room, Wang Xian looked away while he remained standing beneath the Shenling building.

“Indeed, this is the Omniscient Group. But, compared to what I imagined, this place differs by a huge margin!” Wang Xian exclaimed as he turned around, while a sinister smile spread across his face.

The middle-aged man assumed that he had scrutinized Wang Xian in detail, as he watched him through the surveillance footage.

Little did he know that Wang Xian was looking at everything within the building using his Piercing Eyes, including the middle-aged man along with the surveillance footage.

It did surprise Wang Xian that this Omniscient Group seemed to be from Diabolism, more specifically the Remains.

Five decades of seclusion and waiting for an ambush. Indeed, things are more complicated than they seem!

Wang Xian wandered into deep thought before dismissing it with a shake of his head. He went away, before stopping by a nearby restaurant for a simple meal.

When it hit eight at night, Wang Xian arrived at the Ling Yue Bar by the Abyss.

The bar was packed with people. Little would anyone expect that an assassination group was housed just beneath this bar.

Wang Xian swept a glance across the entire bar, only to spot more than a dozen Martial Artists before he found a spot and sat down.

He paid no attention to the blaring music and took out his mobile phone to send multiple messages to Guan Shuqing and Lan Qingyue.

But the duo did not reply to him, which rendered him very helpless.

“Huh?” Wang Xian uttered in confusion.

It was then when his nose twitched at the smell of a faint bloody stench.

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes before looking to the side.

At one of the corners were two extremely good-looking young men, accompanied by two beautiful ladies who sat by their side.

With all smiles, the two beauties sat, leaning on the young men.

Wang Xian looked at the eyes of the two beauties, as they appeared stoic and lifeless.

Their hands were resting atop the wine glasses, while a fresh stream of blood was filling up the interiors.

With satisfied looks on their faces, the two young men groped the beauties indiscriminately while they drank the fresh blood from the glasses.

“Ack ack. This is the life. It’s been fifty years since I stepped into the deep ends of the forest to lead a primitive life when I was ten. Now, I finally get to enjoy life in this world of pleasures!”

“Hehe. Society these days is really one of the pleasure and enjoyment. When I’m able to refine the second set of Bone Puppets, I’m going to turn this little beauty into a Bone Puppet, and have my fun with it every day!”

“As for Faceless, those few old haggard bitches... They seem to be living quite the life right now too!”

“They’re here, tsk tsk. Look at that body, how mesmerizing!”

The conversation between the two young men could be heard loud and clear as it entered Wang Xian’s ears.

Wang Xian looked on with an icy stare.

Through his Piercing Eyes, he could see two perverted Elders in their sixties as they embraced the two beauties in their arms.

“Hi there, handsome guy!”

Just then, an alluring voice called out to him.

Wang Xian raised his head and saw a voluptuous woman looking at him with all smiles as she bent her body slightly.

The woman even waved to the two young men seated in the corner!

Wang Xian took a look at the woman and thought of those exquisite human skins housed within the Shenling building.

So this is Diabolism? Although many from the Orthodox Sects are annoying, these from Diabolism are harrowing! Wang Xian thought to himself. This was not his first time seeing people from the Remains.

Previously, while on his way to the Capital, Wang Xian didn’t have much of a feeling during his encounters with them. But now that he had seen things for himself, he was overcome with an urge to kill.

As Wang Xian raised his head to look at the shapely woman before him, what came into view instead was an old and haggard face that snarled in a grimace.

“What do you want, old haggard bitch?” Wang Xian asked coldly, with a tinge of mockery, as he eyed the old hag.

The enchanting woman was taken aback, as she reciprocated with an indifferent look.

“Who are you calling an old haggard bitch, handsome? Do I look old?” the woman asked as she extended her hand and caressed Wang Xian’s shoulders.

“Is everyone from Diabolism this unscrupulous and indiscriminate?” Wang Xian asked as he looked at the old hag before him before he swept a glance over at the two young men who remained in the corner.

The woman froze upon hearing Wang Xian’s words, as the smile on her face faded away before it was replaced by a surging force of ominous aura.

“You know too much!” the woman snapped with a growl, losing all sense of enchantment from earlier on.

“Die!” Wang Xian shot back in an unsympathetic tone. With a swing of his arm, a threatening force struck directly at the woman.

With such a force, even killing an Inborn expert would be a piece of cake.

“Ah!”

When Wang Xian’s arm landed on the woman, her face contorted as she shot him a look of trepidation.

Boom!

A bout of fresh blood was spat out from her mouth while her old, haggard and hideous body flew backward before crashing onto the area behind.

“You’re asking for doom!” A snappy voice lingered across the bar, as it concealed the music being played.

“Huh? The Golden Cicada sheds its shell? To think it’s managed to hold off the fatal blow!” Wang Xian exclaimed in mild surprise. He arched his brows before standing up gradually. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“A Martial Artist? How dare you, asking for doom!”

At the corner, the two young men stood up immediately. Their facial expressions darkened at the sight of the Faceless old hag when they saw that she had resorted to the “Golden Cicada sheds its shell” stance in order to stay alive.

“Get out, get out, all of you!”

Just then, Mo Yuan and a few other Dragonians hollered at the rest of the ordinary folks who were present in the bar, at the sight of what happened. They had been keeping watch within the premises.

“Ah, ah, ah!” the crowd responded.

The holler, overwhelmed with a devilish aura, had raised fear in them. Even the tourists who had wanted to stay and watch the spectacle unfold began to race towards the exit in fright.