Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 522: Devil Shadow Masks And Devil Wings

Falling for Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan’s shameless pleas, Wang Xian threw two weapons casually towards them. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Both of them grinned widely as though they were perverts who had their eyes fixed on a stunning beauty. Holding the weapons in their hands, they constantly wiped the weapons. One would have thought they might start drooling.

“With these weapons, the losses of our Sui Clan will be greatly reduced in the upcoming battle against Diabolism!”

Sui Huang looked at the rest of the Inborn Spiritual Weapons, grinned and was beaming with excitement.

“Alright. Now that you got what you wanted, I’m going to send you guys off!”

Wang Xian took a glance at the Inborn-level materials beside him and was prepared to start refining equipment.

“Alright, alright!”

Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan didn’t take offence with Wang Xian’s attitude as they were grinning widely for what they had gotten. They hesitated for a moment before asking, “Brother Wang Xian, are you leading the Dragon Sect to target Diabolism in the upcoming battle?”

“Target Diabolism? Nope. I’m preparing to deal with Dong Hua Sacred Sect.”

Wang Xian chuckled and shook his head while a ghoulish light flashed across his eyes.

“Huh? Deal with Dong Hua Sacred Sect?”

The two of them were slightly shocked and frowned. “Are you really not resting till one of you has perished?”

“When they wanted to protect Hai Jiao, the outcome was decided!” Wang Xian continued with a smile, “Alright. Just be careful in the upcoming battle between the orthodox sects and the devil sects. I’m going to get busy!”

Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan shook their heads, exchanged glances and headed out.

“Deal with Dong Hua Sacred Sect? Would the Dragon Sect take action soon?”

After walking off the floating island, Xiao Quanshan turned to Sui Huang and asked this with a solemn face.

“It’s hard to say. No one really knows what that kid is thinking. However, he’s a pretty good person and isn’t bad at all at his core. Regardless, let’s help each other to reduce our losses for the upcoming battle!” Sui Huang heaved a sigh and shook his head.

“Dong Hua Sacred Sect made a statement on the Underworld website just a while ago.”

“Oh? What kind of statement?”

“They said that the Dragon Sect annihilating the Remains is the right decision. Since they have the capabilities, they should be doing more for the Underworld and eliminating more devil sects!”

“Huh? Dong Hua Sacred Sect probably did this on purpose! They want the devil sects to go after the Dragon Sect!”

“That’s probably what they have in mind. As one of the four strongest devil sects, the Remains were well regarded in Diabolism. Dong Hua Sacred Sect is fanning the feud on purpose to induce the devil sects to deal with the Dragon Sect. It’s going to be trouble now since the Dragon Sect has offended Dong Hua Sacred Sect and Diabolism!”

“Although offending Dong Hua Sacred Sect and Diabolism will be problematic to the Dragon Sect, the Dragon Sect only has fifty disciples. Moreover, all of them are Inborn experts. If they really wanted to hide, no one could find them.”

“We can protect their kin for them. Brother Wang Xian has been really generous this time!”

Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan conversed. They weren’t going to do anything about the Dragon Sect. Even if they wished, they couldn’t. Protecting the kin of Wang Xian could very well be the only thing they could do to help.

This was also in gratitude to Wang Xian for gifting them the weapons.

Wang Xian didn’t know about Sui Huang and Xiao Quanshan’s thoughts. If he knew, he would probably laugh it off.

At this moment, Guan Shuqing, Lan Qingyue, Xiao Yu and the rest wouldn’t require him to protect them at all.

Disregarding their personal strength, Adjaya was still around. Who could possibly harm them in the current Underworld?

Even if Nie Wushuang and Emperor Qi from Diabolism were to attack them together, they wouldn’t be able to harm the girls in the slightest.

The only shameful thing was... His backyard was on fire.

Wang Xian brought all the Inborn-level materials to the Wan Forging Table and Wan Forging Hammer. He took a deep breath.

Refining equipment wasn’t very different from ordinary smithing.

The most obvious difference would be that the level of the materials differed substantially.

Based on the introduction in the Fire God’s Secret Book, one would just require the materials and forging technique to craft Level 10 and Level 11 equipment. They didn’t involve the use of spirit arrays.

Another difference between equipment refining and smithing was that refining higher level equipment required an Art of Forging.

The forging of the edge of the blade, the forging of a truncheon and many others required the consideration of the conductivity of spiritual energy.

For example, when crafting fire attribute Inborn Spiritual Weapons, one had to consider the conductivity and enhancement of fire energy.

Ordinary Inborn Spiritual Weapons could enhance an ordinary martial artist’s strength by fifty percent. Powerful Inborn Spiritual Weapons could increase such enhancement to eighty percent.

This greatly depended on one’s skill in forging.

An exceptionally important issue would be the conductivity of attribute energy. One had to go through thousands of rounds of practice to get it right.

Otherwise, some weapons that were crafted would not be able to enhance one’s strength. Instead, they would even hinder one’s ordinary strength.

Other than the Art of Forging, there is also the selection of materials and the special features of the weapon!

Wang Xian pondered as he looked to the materials before him.

Combining materials together could bring out even greater energy. The combination of materials was even tougher and required constant experimentation.

Naturally, one could also just use a single type of material.

Since I can’t forge weapons that suit my current strength, I might as well forge some equipment for the dragonians! Wang Xian thought to himself.

He picked up the two Inborn-level metals, Devil Metal Steel and Tenacious Devil Stone, which he had gotten from the Remains.

Dragonians wouldn’t require weapons as their dragon claws are even stronger than Inborn Spiritual Weapons. I can discount the weapons then. As for defense, even Inborn-level armor would not be of much use after considering the toughness of their physical bodies.

In that case...!

Wang Xian moved his arm and a mask appeared in his hand.

This was the Devil Shadow Mask he had obtained from the treasure cove of the Remains. After wearing it, one could release a shadow.

Although the shadow was illusory, devil attribute cultivators could shroud themselves in devilish aura. This would make the illusory shadow a little more realistic.

This was a piece of secondary equipment and its effects would differ from person to person.

However, it would be a rather good choice for the dragonians.

Wang Xian moved his hands over the Devil Shadow Mask while memorizing every contour on it. He picked up a piece of Devil Metal Steel and placed it on the Wan Forging Table.

“First, I have to heat the Devil Metal Steel till it melts so I can change its appearance!”

As a Level 13 spiritual forging equipment, the Wan Forging Table had a powerful enhancement.

Mold creation.

One could create a mold of the equipment to be crafted. After which, one would have to use the Wan Forging Hammer to hammer it into shape before inducing attribute conductivity.

Within the Wan Forging Table, flames were imbued. Five Level 12 Spiritual Flame Balls were embedded on it.

If the Wan Forging Table wasn’t for refining equipment, Wang Xian would have extracted the Spiritual Flame Balls from it.

Other than the flames of the Wan Forging Table, one could also use his own flames.

The creation of a mold was simple. Melting the metal and refining it was tough. However, the toughest was the management of the conductivity of the equipment.

Wang Xian created a mold on the Wan Forging Table. After which, he started smelting and refining the Devil Metal Steel.

Let’s begin!

Wang Xian took a deep breath. With just a thought, a small Origin Source Flame appeared on his palm.

His lips curved into a smile as he directed the Origin Source Flame onto the Wan Forging Table.

[Ding! Refine Equipment With The Origin Source Flame!]

The notification of the system sounded and Wang Xian was beaming with excitement.

Following which, the process of refining would start.

As the Devil Metal Steel was placed on the Origin Source Flame, it softened rapidly.

Wang Xian lifted the Wan Forging Hammer and hammered down.

All the impurities within were instantly purged.