Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 529: Rather Offend The King of Hades Than The Dragon King

With much excitement, Nie Wuya rushed over from the Donghua Sacred Sect along with its group of top experts.

Fifty experts from the Dragon Sect had been trapped by the Spirit Array while on their way to the Dong Hua Spiritual Ore Mine!

Nie Wuya and the gang got rather worked up when they received the news.

The Dragon Sect and Dragon King were asking for it. To be stuck within the Spirit Array of the Dong Hua Spiritual Ore spelled doom for the entire Dragon Sect, as it would then make them an easy kill.

Yet, in spite of their disregard on the surface, they were still met with a tinge of trepidation when it came to the Dragon Sect.

The Dragon King had defeated the Lord of Sea Serpent Island, and his Dragon Sect proceeded to wipe the Remains out. All of which had displayed the prowess of the Dragon Sect.

And while they were also the formidable Donghua Sacred Sect, they did not have the prowess to annihilate the Dragon Sect with the mere deployment of a few members.

This was especially so given the number of Inborn experts within the Dragon Sect, fifty to be exact. The figure was enough to cause massive trouble for the Donghua Sacred Sect.

But even this trouble would pass now that the Dragon Sect had been trapped in the Spirit Array.

“Today spells a good omen. Our Sect Leader will definitely be able to slay Emperor Qi of Diabolism tomorrow!” an Elder said to Nie Wuya with a wide smile across his face.

“Given the prowess of the Sect Leader, killing Emperor Qi is going to be a piece of cake!” Nie Wuya responded while his lips arched upwards.

“We’ve arrived at the Mine Ore. Come on, let’s wipe out the Dragon Sect!” Nie Wuya exclaimed as he looked ahead. Picking up speed, he walked on with overflowing joy.

Beside him were three Supreme Elders from the Donghua Sacred Sect, and more than a hundred of their Inborn experts followed behind.

For the sake of annihilating the Dragon Sect, all the top-notch experts within Donghua Sacred Sect had been deployed.

“Old Zhou, we’re here!”

From a distance of more than a thousand meters away came Nie Wuya’s bellowing laughter as he shouted ahead.

“Eh?”

The figures did not respond to Nie Wuya’s call as the group approached at lighting speed.

This made Nie Wuya frown in bewilderment before his confusion was overtaken by an ominous premonition.

“There’s bloodthirst!” Suddenly, one of the Elders yelped with locked brows.

“Oh no, there’re dead bodies ahead!” he shouted after looking ahead.

“What? Don’t tell me...,” the crowd muttered upon sensing a bad omen. Everyone began to accelerate, and hastened over to the Mine Ore.

From a distance of about a thousand meters away, their faces darkened instantly upon the sight up front.

In fact, their faces were beyond gloomy.

They shuddered at the numerous dead bodies of their once-acquaintance.

“Old Zhou!” an Elder shrieked with bloodshot eyes as he eyed the area beneath a nearby tree. With one leap, he arrived right beside the dead body and cried out.

“What? To think even the Supreme Elder is...!” the Inborn experts gasped in shock. They met their counterparts with eyes full of trepidation.

A Supreme Elder had been killed along with fifteen Inborn experts.

The Donghua Sacred Sect had never incurred such losses in the past fifty years.

“The Spirit Array has been compromised! To think, the Spirit Array has been compromised!” an Elder screeched with a burdened expression as he glanced in the direction of the Spirit Array.

“To think the Spirit Array has been breached. And all it took was ten minutes, a mere ten minutes!” a voice gasped.

“It’s a form of antagonizing. It’s blatant what the Dragon Sect is doing now: antagonizing us. Of all days, they chose to do so today in order to spite us explicitly!” An Inborn expert let out a deep growl.

Even the hundred-odd experts from the Donghua Sacred Sect looked on with ghastly expressions.

This was beyond antagonizing; this was a tight slap to the face.

What shocked them the most was the fact that even their Supreme Elder, an unparalleled expert of the Dan Realm, had been killed as well.

Dan Realm experts were few and far between. Needless to say, killing them was even more unimaginable.

Nie Wuya took in one deep breath. With bloodshot eyes, he let out a growl to the skies. “We, Donghua Sacred Sect, are at extreme odds with you, Dragon King and Dragon Sect!”

...

As all experts from the Donghua Sacred Sect arrived at the Dong Hua Spiritual Ore Mine, the online thread which Mo Yuan had posted went viral all over the Underworld forum.

This came five minutes after the thread posted by disciples of the Donghua Sacred Sect had caused a wavelike sensation amongst all the Martial Artists.

While they were still busy discussing the annihilation of the Dragon Sect, the emergence of a new post brought a twist to the outcome.

At the sight of the numerous dead bodies of the Donghua Sacred Sect members, everyone who saw the post gasped in utter shock.

[This outfit...is the attire of the Dong Hua Attendants. The Attendants of the Donghua Sacred Sect are all Inborn experts. To think... To think they’ve been slain. So many to add. There’s too many, more than a dozen!]

[Those are disciples of the Donghua Sacred Sect. More than a hundred of them have been killed. This ... this...]

[The photo of this Elder has been posted individually. Perhaps this Elder is more esteemed than the rest. Goodness, wasn’t it just earlier when the Donghua Sacred Sect was about to annihilate the Dragon Sect?]

[Just what exactly happened. Goodness, just what exactly happened! Earlier on, the Donghua Sacred Sect was still talking about wiping out the Dragon Sect. How is it that more than a dozen Inborn experts from the Donghua Sacred Sect have since been killed within split seconds!]

The Martial Artists gagged in shock and fear as they scrolled through the various photos.

It seems, then, that there had been a major twist to the outcome.

The Donghua Sacred Sect had not annihilated the Dragon Sect. Instead, the Dragon Sect had killed a hundred-odd disciples of Donghua Sacred Sect, along with more than a dozen of its Inborn experts.

Shocking, simply shocking!

Yet, just as everyone was buzzing away in a heated discussion, one of them recognized the Elder who had been accorded with an individual photo.

This was the Supreme Elder of the Donghua Sacred Sect!

An awe-inspiring existence of the Dan Realm!

An unparalleled expert of his time! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Everyone gasped upon the confirmation of the news. To think that the Supreme Elder of the Donghua Sacred Sect had been killed.

While everyone eventually came to gradual terms with the news, a post made by an individual sent the entire Underworld into a whirl of deep thought and shock.

[Within the entire Underworld, the existence of an unparalleled expert is considered top-notch while their demise is even rarer. To the point where there hasn’t even been one within the past decade and beyond. Yet, just recently, these unparalleled experts have fallen one by one. These include Ancestor Qiao of the Qiao Clan, two Supreme Elders from the Medical Saint Sect, the Supreme Elder of the Shengling Sect, Lord Ossein of the Remains, as well as the Supreme Elder of the Donghua Sacred Sect. Of these six unparalleled experts, five have died at the hands of the Dragon King of the Dragon Sect!]

As everyone went through the statistics, they came to a sudden realization which sent chills down their spines.

Indeed, indeed.

Other than the death of a Supreme Elder from the Shengling Sect, which Diabolism was responsible for, the demise of the other unparalleled experts of the Dan Realm were all attributed to the Dragon King.

In less than half a year, five unparalleled experts had died at the hands of the Dragon King!

[Terminator of the unparalleled experts. This Dragon King is simply invincible. Regardless of who they are or their prowess, all those who antagonized him have been killed!]

[To fight till one perishes. It seems that the Dragon Sect has really gone all out with the Donghua Sacred Sect till one perishes. Killing an unparalleled expert along with a dozen or so Inborn experts from the Donghua Sacred Sect... It’s definitely bloodshed this time!]

[It seems like either one or the other between the Donghua Sacred Sect and the Dragon Sect will have to perish. But even if they can annihilate the Dragon Sect, the Donghua Sacred Sect is bound to suffer massive losses!]

[No one saw this coming. To think that the Dragon King and his Dragon Sect have wiped out a huge number of experts from the Donghua Sacred Sect after annihilating the Remains. Sigh, the acts of this Dragon King are...]

[The Dragon King’s style: I don’t care if you’re from the Orthodox Sects or Diabolism. Just don’t antagonize me. For those who do, death shall await you!]

[Rather offend the King of Hades than the Dragon King!]