Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 539: A Real Man Faces A Strong Opponent Directly (4)

Another true-blue Battle of the Ages.

The entire Underworld, be it orthodox sects or Diabolism, placed their attention in the sky as they craned their necks up with astonishment, respect, and fear filling their eyes.

It was the trepidation of Dragon Sect.

Om!

At this time, the Nether Skull in the sky had ballooned to a size of five meters, nearing six meters.

The Nether Skull was burning with Nether Flame and the flame from the Inferno Divine Dragon. The creepy fiery-red and ink-black struck a stark contrast against the sky.

The power of flames shrouded a range of several kilometers.

Upon seeing this, Emperor Qi narrowed his pupils and slammed his palm softly on the black coffin. The lid of the coffin opened with an arm suddenly sticking out.

The outstretched arm was covered in jagged scales, which looked hideous and terrifying. The pure black fingers measured more than thirty centimeters, radiating black luster.

Roar!

A bellow came from the coffin, which a scary 1.8-meter figure wriggled out of.

Ghoul King!

“Dragon King? It was a surprise to have such a formidable force like Dragon Sect emerging in the Underworld. But I’ll defeat you today!”

Emperor Qi closed his eyes slowly.

“Kill!”

A frightful layer of scale armor overlaid itself on Emperor Qi’s skin the moment he opened his eyes once again. His eyes were filled with redness, he revealed a pair of fangs, and his fingers began to grow!

Om!

As though some BGM was playing, a bout of petrifying demonic aura lingered in the surroundings. Only two bloodshot eyes could be seen from the outside.

Boom!

Wang Xian made a swift move as he jumped onto the top of the Nether Skull and stamped his feet gently.

For the past few days, he had been nurturing the Nether Skull just like he’d done with the Dragon Ball. Hence, he could control it more easily.

Also, the power of the Nether Skull was much more compelling than the time when Deity Lady used it.

After all, it was a Level 12 Spiritual Weapon.

Mixed with a black flame, the fiery-red flame was spewed out from the Nether Skull. The flame which covered a surface area of a dozen meters struck at Emperor Qi.

“Ahem, my Ghoul King and I have gone through refining a million times. How can we get burned by this type of flame?”

Two pairs of bloodshot eyes glowered at Wang Xian. The Ghoul King beside Emperor Qi jerked before all the demonic aura entered their bodies immediately.

Hideous-looking armor appeared on them. Both of them ducked and dodged the fire attack, charging at Wang Xian.

The two figures drew an arc in the sky as they raked their unsightly, sharp claws at Wang Xian.

“I have maxed out all the power in the Nether Skull. Let me see if you can force me to transform myself!”

Seeing the incoming assault from Emperor Qi, Wang Xian revealed a faint smile on his face. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Wang Xian had been standing on top of the Nether Skull initially, but he slowly submerged himself into the skull.

Boom!

Emperor Qi and the Ghoul King reached him at almost the same time he entered.

Daunting flames burst out from the ears, nose, eyes, mouth, and chin of the Nether Skull.

Sizzle!

The flame was destructive, giving off high temperatures that encompassed a range of a thousand meters.

Ka Ka Ka!

Back at the tallest peak of Huashan.

All the rocks in the summit were burned into ashes after the entire area was shrouded by Nether Flame.

When the breeze came, it sent the ashes flying!

Huashan, which was two-thousand meters tall, was brought down by three hundred meters. How horrifying it was!

“It’s the will-o-wisp!”

Emperor Qi had a drastic change in his expression when the flame shrouded them. A will-o-wisp was a flame that was released from human bones.

Such a flame contained daunting destructiveness, in particular to Emperor Qi, who was a zombie.

Argh!

The Ghoul King let out a shriek as Emperor Qi made a move and disappeared out of the flaming range. His face was incredibly dull.

After Emperor Qi and the Ghoul King left the attacking range of Nether Skull, Wang Xian slowly emerged from the Nether Skull as he fixed his cold eyes on Emperor Qi.

“Did you call me an ant?”

Wang Xian stared at Emperor Qi with a disdainful look.

Clang clang clang!

At this time, the sound of metal clashing was heard from the side.

A thousand meters of sword radiance filled the sky with a deafening sound.

Bam, Bam, Bam!

The walls of Huashan mountain let out an explosive sound when they came in contact with the sword and blade radiance.

“Spiritual Sword World!”

Roving Sword was holding his longsword as he wielded the air with it.

Sword radiance halted in the air with each strike. Within moments, hundreds of longswords coagulated in the air.

The longswords were pointing at Nie Wushuang in all directions.

“Blade rules the world!”

A ferocious look surfaced on Nie Wushuang’s face as he held his long blade in both hands. His body swirled fast and furiously, while terrifying metal radiance hurled at that space in the air!

Boom boom!

The long blade of Nie Wushuang slashed at the incoming longswords that were chasing after him.

The entire sky was filled with radiance from the swords and blade within a radius of a thousand meters.

Bang, bang, bang!

As the swords and the blade clashed, the metallic sword and blade radiances did not disappear. Instead, they rebounded off in all directions.

Boom!

The explosive sound was heard again as the tallest summit of Huashan had been shaved by another few hundred meters.

Within a short period of time, the two battles had shaved the entire summit by close to thousands of meters.

All the Martial Artists from the orthodox sects and Diabolism were dumbfounded by what they had seen. They could not help but draw a cold breath.

“Is this the daunting power of a supreme expert? The repercussion of the battle actually cut the summit of Huashan in half. The force could almost tumble the water and overturn the sea. It was destructive!”

“If they attacked a mountain, they probably could bring down a mountain that was two to three thousand meters tall in one second. This is a battle between Gods!”

“The Dragon King and the middle-aged man with the sword were super powerful. In the exchange of blows just now, Emperor Qi was suppressed by the flames while Sect Leader Nie Wushuang was only passively defending!”

Ten thousand people retreated to somewhere behind as some of them watched the battle in the sky with trepidation.

They were really afraid that the tallest peak of Huashan would be knocked down, slamming right onto them. All the Martial Artists below Inborn would be crushed by the frightening mountain!

They were also apprehensive of the sharp radiance and the flame in the sky. What if they fell on them. Who could defend themselves from it?

Even Inborn Experts would be killed by that scary repercussion of the battle.

“The strength of the Dragon Sect far surpasses any Sacred Sects or Sacred Clans!”

Some of the Laozu and Supreme Elders quivered slightly while watching the battle.

In the face of such a strong opponent, they could not even survive a single stroke.

“He must win. The Sect Leader must win, and so must Emperor Qi!”

At this time, the group of experts from Donghua Sacred Sect was looking malevolent.

The domineering Dragon Sect and Dragon King! Only when their Sect Leader and Emperor Qi claimed victory would their anxiety subside.

At the same time, the group of people from Diabolism also glued their eyes on the sky.

In their hearts, they were silently cheering for their God. And even for Nie Wushuang.

This time, Diabolism and orthodox sects were short on banners. Otherwise, they would have raised them and shouted, “Go, Nie Wushuang! Go, Emperor Qi!

Both of you must do your best!

Go, go, go!