Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 540: A Real Man Faces A Strong Opponent Directly (5)

Irony! The alliance of the orthodox sects and so-called Diabolism was undoubtedly the greatest source of irony currently.

The supreme expert from the alliance of orthodox sects and Diabolism had arranged a duel, In the end, a third party interfered and forced both parties to stand on the same line, cheering for each other.

This was undoubtedly the greatest irony.

Nonetheless, both parties hoped the other side would emerge victoriously.

This was because if Dragon Sect won, they would rule supreme in the Underworld in the future. There would be no darned difference between the orthodox sects and devil sects.

When that time came, all of them would have to lower their heads.

It was especially so for Dong Hua Sacred Sect. They could already envision that if their sect leader was defeated, their Dong Hua Sacred Sect would also be annihilated.

“Dragon King! There’s no room for your arrogance!”

Emperor Qi’s expressions turned contorted from fury. He took a deep breath and opened up his arms.

Sss sss!

The Ghoul King looked across Wang Xian with chilling eyes. Similarly, he opened up his arms, moved and appeared behind Emperor Qi.

With their backs facing each other, dense devilish aura shrouded them.

The scale armor on them covered and extended till both of them had merged into one.

The Ghoul King and Emperor Qi shut their eyes at the same time.

When they reopened their eyes, their eyes had turned blood-red.

Two pairs of identical eyes with identical expressions.

Emperor Qi revealed his fangs gradually. Behind him, the Ghoul King imitated his actions.

“Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Catastrophic Annihilation!”

“Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Catastrophic Annihilation! The strongest cultivation arts of the Devil Corpse Palace!”

“Two hundred years ago, two zombies rose from a graveyard. One was a man and the other was a woman. They had a terrifying move known as Binary Corpses Co-genesis. At that time, the two zombies killed several hundreds of thousands of people. Countless experts were killed. In the end, Devil Corpse Palace relied on the Mara’s Coffin to suppress and eliminate them. Who could have expected Emperor Qi to have successfully mastered the Binary Corpses Co-genesis!?” [1]

When the crowd from Diabolism saw Emperor Qi and the Ghoul King executing the co-genesis, they were astonished.

Devil Corpse Palace specialized in turning their own bodies into zombies and also turning opponents into zombies which they could control.

The most powerful move of all was the Binary Corpses Co-genesis. This was the strongest art of Devil Corpse Palace.

“Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Catastrophic Annihilation?”

Wang Xian stood on the Nether Skull while staring at Emperor Qi combining with the Ghoul King.

“Come, release all your energy!”

Wang Xian sank into the Nether Skull gradually. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Boom!

With will-o-wisps and the flames of the Inferno divine dragon raging, Wang Xian controlled the Nether Skull to attack Emperor Qi.

Emperor Qi’s eyes were fixed on the Nether Skull. He grinned and his fangs grew to twice their original size instantly. At the same time, his nails also extended to twice their original length.

Through Binary Corpses Co-genesis, he could release twice the amount of strength.

Boom!

Emperor Qi gathered energy and streams of black devilish aura circled around him. He pivoted off and struck towards the Nether Skull directly.

All the crowd could see was a black shadow flashing across.

Boom!

Terrifying shockwaves from clashes reverberated out and the immense recoil forced Emperor Qi and Nether Skull back by more than a thousand meters each.

Roar roar roar!

Emperor Qi growled and extinguished the will-o-wisps around him.

Ka ka!

As for the Nether Skull, its upper and lower jaws clattered rapidly and the flames from its eyes raged even stronger.

Standing within the Nether Skull, Wang Xian released dense flames into the Nether Skull.

“Who are you? Why haven’t I heard of you before? I wouldn’t kill one without a name! Tell me your name!!”

At the other end, Nie Wushuang’s unkempt hair dispersed, looking like a mad scientist. Each strand of hair was like a golden needle.

He looked even more wild and unruly than the “Golden Lion” on TV. [2]

His body was emitting golden rays, both of his hands were on the longsword and he was shivering a little.

In each minute movement, the rings on the longsword would clash with the sword in a unique rhythm.

Nie Wushuang’s golden eyes were locked on Roving Sword vigilantly.

The current Nie Wushuang could be considered an unparalleled swordsman.

Before Nie Wushuang, Roving Sword stood upright. The longsword in his hand seemed to have merged with his hand.

However, the glow of the sword was being emitted from all parts of his body. It was as though his entire body was a razor-sharp longsword.

The golden swordfish race’s initial weapon was the sharp bill on its head. Now that the bill had transformed into a longsword, there were more variations in attacks and the attacks would also be sharper.

“The Dragon King has bestowed upon me the name of Roving Sword! I’ll be the sword of the Dragon King!”

Roving Sword had its eyes fixed on Nie Wushuang without any expression. In his eyes, there was only his enemy, Nie Wushuang!

Nie Wushuang couldn’t help but shiver a little just by locking eyes with Roving Sword.

The Dragon King has bestowed upon me the name of Roving Sword! I’ll be the sword of the Dragon King!

Nie Wushuang tightened his grip on the longsword and was clearly becoming wary.

A supreme expert like him could grow into a terrifying existence.

In the path of swordsmanship, the strongest technique was Merciless Swordsmanship.

The main purpose of a sword was for killing. Merciless Swordsmanship was developed to slay everything in its path.

“A person like him could very well be enlightened on swordsmanship and enter the Realm of Immortal!”

Nie Wushuang was exceptionally solemn. Immortal was above the Budding Realm. To break through to the Immortal Realm, one had to have the energy. Besides that, one had to gain the so-called “Dao” or conception.

Fire conception, Earth conception, Metal conception and others.

Other than the elemental conception, there was also the conception of swords.

As compared to elemental conceptions, the conception of swords was harder to achieve.

No sorrows, no happiness, no fear and no regard formed the basis of the Merciless Swordsmanship.

“Dragon King bestowed upon him the name of Roving Sword! Oh gosh! That supreme swordsman is, in fact...”

The statement of Roving Sword had started a lively discussion among the crowd.

What did he mean by that? Did he mean that he was the sword of the Dragon King and the subordinate of the Dragon King?

“The supreme swordsman is the subordinate of the Dragon King! Hehehehe!”

“This is the invincible Dragon King. Whenever I feel that the Dragon King is incredible, he ends up achieving more insane things!”

“A supreme swordsman as a subordinate and his name was bestowed upon him by the Dragon King... This has completely overturned my common sense. Who in the world could possibly stop the Dragon King!?”

The crowd felt a little dejected by now. They had all thought that he might be the Dragon King’s brother or maybe just a friend.

None of them would have ever expected him to be a subordinate of the Dragon King.

A supreme expert as a subordinate?

“Namo Amitābha. Various buddhas, please allow Emperor Qi and Nie Wushuang to emerge victoriously. I sincerely pray for it!”

Within the Devil Spirits Temple, the disciples shut their eyes and prayed sincerely with their bloody buddha beads.

The development had made the alliance of orthodox sects feel a little speechless.

A group of bloodthirsty devil monks believe in buddhas?

What the hell!

Nonetheless, they could understand the prayers of the Devil Spirits Temple. If Dragon King won, there would only be a single voice left in the Underworld.

Regardless, there were still some people who looked down on what the Devil Spirits Temple was doing.

“Kill! Kill the Dragon King and that Roving Sword! Sect Leader Nie Wushuang and Emperor Qi, kill them!”

At this moment, beside Dong Hua Sacred Sect, the young lord of Sea Serpent Island clenched his fist tightly and shouted.

At that instant, several dozens of thousands of people looked over. Seeing the contorted expression on the young lord of Sea Serpent Island and his father, they felt bewildered.

If the Dragon Sect wasn’t annihilated, Hai Jiao would definitely die.

The young lord of Sea Serpent Island naturally knew about the outcome. Therefore, he disregarded how people would view him and cheered for both Nie Wushuang and Emperor Qi from Diabolism.

Even so, all he was able to provide was emotional support.

“Senior brothers, those are the enemies of the Dragon King. Let’s kill them all!”

When Mo Qinglong saw the young lord of Sea Serpent Island, he looked at him with contempt. He turned around and spoke to the five Dan Realm golden swordfish race experts.

The golden swordfish race belonged to the Dragon Palace and could be considered to be the same as the dragonians. Since they were stronger than him, Mo Qinglong didn’t find it weird to call them his senior brothers!

“Alright, as you have said!”

Five Level 11 golden swordfish race experts nodded their heads emotionlessly and turned towards where the lord of Sea Serpent Island was standing.

A cold and ruthless light flashed across the eyes of Mo Qinglong while dense killing intent welled up within him.

“Hai Jiao! We will finish you off for the Dragon King right now!”

Endnotes:

[1] Mara, in Buddhism, is the demon who tempts Prince Siddhartha by trying to seduce him with the vision of beautiful women

[2] Golden Lion is a character with an afro-like hairstyle in the popular Chinese novel, The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber. The novel has since been made into various TV shows