Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 543: Void Space Shattered? (2)

The battle stopped briefly because of the crack in the void space.

Nie Wushuang and Emperor Qi squinted their eyes as they peered at the location where the crack appeared.

As old freaks who had lived for over two centuries, they were much more knowledgeable than Wang Xian.

They had heard of some legends and secrets in the Underworld.

Given their current strength, it was impossible for them to make a crack in the void space.

There was only one possibility left if it wasn’t the void space crack.

It was the crack of an array.

Nie Wushuang squinted his eyes and surveyed the surroundings with a grave expression.

Emperor Qi did the same thing, too, as he revealed a pondering look.

Wang Xian witnessed the diminishing crack in the void space, and his curiosity was piqued. Blue and red radiance began to flicker in his eyes.

Overwhelming energy filled the landscape.

Is it an array? Did our battle trigger some array over here? But this array should be a type of defense or concealing array!

Wang Xian used his Piercing Eyes to survey the surroundings and pondered to himself.

He stood on top of Nether Skull, looking towards Emperor Qi and Nie Wushuang after coming out of the Nether Skull. “What is it? Do you guys know something about this?”

Emperor Qi looked at Wang Xian coldly without a word.

Nie Wushuang, too, replied with nothing as he swept cold gazes at Wang Xian and Roving Sword.

“Since there are no answers from both of you, let’s continue!”

A tinge of a sneer flashed across Wang Xian’s eyes. Nie Wushuang and Emperor Qi obviously knew something, but neither of them was willing to divulge anything.

Since neither of them spoke, then the fight shall continue.

He would be able to get some information after killing them.

Wang Xian submerged himself into the Nether Skull, and flames burst out from the skull once again.

The daunting flame from the Inferno Dragon and Nether Flame shrouded the area within a thousand meters.

Upon seeing the domineering flame exploded from Nether Skull, Emperor Qi had the same grave expression on his face again.

Clang!

Along with thousands of beams of sword radiance behind him, Roving Sword swung his longsword in the sky, pointing at Nie Wushuang.

“Phew, I must kill you!”

Nie Wushuang exhibited a resolute look.

There were two supreme experts in Dragon Sect. So long as the two remained alive, there would be a high possibility that Donghua Sacred Sect would get annihilated.

Hence, he had to kill one of them. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Nie Wushuang spun the long blade in his hand with the rings on it clashing against each other again.

“Kill!”

Killing intent surged in Wang Xian. When fighting with supreme experts, he needed to give his best, especially when he did not transform into a Divine Dragon.

Also, the strength of Emperor Qi was not as strong as he had imagined.

Compared to the Budding Realm Expert he had met in Dubai, Emperor Qi was weaker by little.

On top of that, the Nether Flame had a natural suppression for Emperor Qi. Wang Xian was confident that he could defeat Emperor Qi without turning into a Divine Dragon.

Even though most of the time he was just relying on the daunting power of the Nether Skull.

The skull that was almost six meters in size was burning with a frightful flame in the sky. Its mouth was wide open as it lurched forward toward Emperor Qi.

With Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Emperor Qi revealed a solemn look. He raised his scary-looking nails at Wang Xian and darted out.

At this time, he was facing the same plight as Nie Wushuang. There was no retreating.

Once he backed off, it would mark the failure of all of Diabolism.

The Underworld would belong to Dragon Sect, and Diabolism would have to hold the Dragon King as their supreme leader. Otherwise, they would be annihilated by Dragon Sect.

Therefore, he had to kill Wang Xian off so that Diabolism would not be under his suppression.

With one of the supreme experts from Dragon Sect dead, they could create a situation of tripartite confrontation. At the very least, they would not need to succumb to anyone!

Boom boom!

Every strike of Emperor Qi’s that landed on the Nether Skull sounded horrible as they left white traces on the surface of the Nether Skull.

Yet, the demonic aura was rapidly diminishing under the burning fire of the Nether Flame. Even the skin on his arm had turned gray.

“Today, I shall slay you, Dragon King!”

Emperor Qi revealed bloody-red, terrifying glow in his eyes with each blow that impacted the Nether Skull.

His body was spinning at a high speed around the skull. As a zombie, his physical strength was incredibly scary.

The Nether Flame followed like a shadow as it pounced onto Emperor Qi without stopping. The destructive power of the flame had caused the arm of Emperor Qi to be left with just bones. On the outside, it looked incredibly creepy.

Wang Xian stood within the Nether Skull, looking out at Emperor Qi with cold eyes.

Even if he dragged it on, he could undoubtedly bring Emperor Qi down.

“Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Heaven and Earth Crumple!”

After dodging the Nether Flame, Emperor Qi rose higher to the sky. In a split second, he had risen to an altitude of ten thousand meters.

From the audience’s view below, Emperor Qi had already disappeared from sight.

“Binary Corpses Co-genesis, Heaven and Earth Crumple! It’s that move. It’s that move!”

At this time, a group of Devil Corpse Palace experts watched the disappearing of Emperor Qi in the sky with excitement in their eyes.

They fixed their eyes on the sky.

“Is this his best move?”

Wang Xian witnessed Emperor Qi lifting himself up while his body spun rapidly. He intended to swoop down with such a stance.

There were two arms and two heads glaring at him coldly. The demonic aura around him pumped up, just like a growing tornado. He was going to charge down at such frightful speed.

“What horror. He’s going to swoop down from that height. In that case, both Emperor Qi and the Ghoul King could attack at the same time. With that horrifying spinning demonic aura that reached a few thousand meters high, it is as good as a tornado made by demonic aura.”

Back on the land, everyone was focusing on the central position where the daunting demonic aura spun like a tornado, concealing the entire sky. It was about to strike from a high point in the air.

This was the true-blue devil that descended on the world!

“This could be the strongest move that Emperor Qi has. Does he want to determine the winner now?”

All the people from the crowd were staring hard at the sky with uneasiness.

“Since that’s the case, let’s give our last blow of attack!”

Wang Xian revealed a smile. Making a swift movement, he appeared below the Nether Skull.

With both Wang Xian’s arms swinging, all the Nether Flame exploded out from the Nether Skull.

A bone-crushing sound was heard from the skull as though it was going to collapse at any moment.

Boom!

The Nether Skull charged out at Emperor Qi like a meteor.

Wang Xian was not concerned as to whether the Nether Skull would be damaged under such a formidable impact.

This thing was just a secondary weapon, and the Nether Flame in the skull would continue to dissipate in combat. Hence, it needed constant replenishment.

The only way to replenish it was at the cost of lives.

This was somewhat troublesome for Wang Xian.

“Destroy!”

Insane fighting spirit overflowed from the eyes of Emperor Qi. With domineering strength and demonic aura, he charged at the Nether Skull.

“You’re no match for me!”

Meanwhile, Roving Sword’s longsword was slashed down on the long blade of Nie Wushuang. The two of them staggered back for a thousand meters.

Roving Sword took a deep breath. With slow motions, he grabbed the longsword with both hands and pointed it at Nie Wushuang.

“I’ll not be defeated!”

Nie Wushuang raged as golden beams of light fired out from his body!