Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 560: Another Insane Aspect Of The System

[Ding! Mastered Art of Water Refining. Refine All Equipment With The Origin Source Water!]

Refine All Equipment With The Origin Source Water!

Wang Xian’s lips curved into a smile. What’s the most lucrative business? Refining equipment and elixir pills!

With the almost cheating-level Origin Source Flame to refine, Wang Xian had never failed and the effects of his refining were a hundred percent retained.

He could fully rely on this method to earn a huge amount of resources.

If he could obtain sufficient elixir pills and spiritual equipment, he could consume these elixir pills to boost his strength or keep them to be distributed to the dragonians or members of the Dragon Palace subsequently.

Otherwise, how could they ever match up to the people from Yong Chang world?

Wang Xian also knew that other than Yong Chang world, there were nine other cauldron worlds.

In perhaps a few years, they would all surface in the real world.

Wang Xian’s eyes beamed as he looked towards the direction of the Path of Swords. He walked straight towards it.

Eh? What is this?

When he entered the region of the Path of Sword, Wang Xian saw various jadestones on top of books and scriptures.

There weren’t many jadestones, with each one being separated by a certain distance. In the entire region, there were only seven jadestones.

“Battle Techniques Imaging. Inject spiritual and mental energy into the jadestones to see the images of battle techniques!”

Imaging. Could it be similar to the jadestone I saw earlier today that are capable of recording? Spirit arrays are indeed exceptionally mystical!

Wang Xian was in awe. He picked up the jadestone and found a line of instructions below it.

[Water Clone!]

Water Clone? What’s the difference between this and the water clone I’m capable of creating?

Wang Xian was slightly shocked. He held the jadestone with both hands, focused his mind and injected spiritual energy into it.

Weng!

The next instant, a mystical image appeared in the mind of Wang Xian.

A human figure started demonstrating before his eyes. The circulation of water energy, control...

The demonstration lasted for a full thirty seconds.

As compared to what Wang Xian had come up with previously, this Water Clone was more perfected and agile.

[Ding! Master Preliminary Battle Technique: Water Clone!]

At this moment, the voice of the system sounded, shocking Wang Xian completely.

A notification from the system! It’s a notification from the system!

All along, there had been extremely few notifications from the system. Other than the exceptions of the construction of the Dragon Palace and mastering refining arts, there weren’t any other notifications.

He had not expected the system to prompt that he had mastered Water Clone after watching the battle techniques imaging.

Could it be that I have to fulfil a certain requirement before the system will release a notification? This system is really lonesome. If it could issue missions, rewards or an item exchange framework, it would then be perfect. My own development still has to rely on myself. How depressing!

Wang Xian heaved a huge sigh.

However, what Wang Xian didn’t know was that a divine dragon didn’t need to master any battle techniques. Once he achieved the first Divine Dragon Transformation, he would automatically receive the legacy of superpower.

Superpower was a tier above battle techniques.

However, it was also because Wang Xian wasn’t certain of the path ahead that he could open a path to invincibility that belonged only to him. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

In Wang Xian’s mind, the foundation had to be solid. It would always be great to acquire more knowledge.

The reason why powerful humans could slay a dragon was exactly that they had mastered a range of subjects.

Wang Xian placed the Battle Techniques Imaging jadestone back in its original position. He looked around and realized something really interesting.

There were at least several hundred secret manuals in the entire region. All of them were explanations on Water Clone and one’s understanding.

[The crux of mastering Water Clone!]

[The control and use of Water Clone!]

[The control of multiple Water Clones!]

[The correct application of Water Clone!]

There were several hundred such books with the names of certain experts left on them.

Wang Xian even saw an explanatory book on Water Clone by Sword Immortal Hong Yun that was placed in the middle of this region.

Sword Immortal. An existence that was likely in the Immortal Realm.

It would seem that mastering Water Clone wouldn’t be easy for other disciples. They might even need several or even dozens of years to understand. As for myself, I’m feeling like I have mastered all the important aspects of Water Clone in an instant!

Wang Xian’s eyes beamed with excitement.

He walked to the other Battle Techniques Imaging jadestone.

[Sword. Preliminary Sword Edge Storm Technique!]

Wang Xian lifted the Battle Techniques Imaging jadestone and started deciphering.

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Sword Edge!]

Sword Edge. Creating the blade of the sword with extremely chilling water. A disciple that I fought in the day seemed to be using this move. However, he was easily defeated as there is a huge difference in strength between him and me.

Wang Xian’s eyes beamed with excitement. Sword Edge could be used for ranged attacks and close combat.

“Continue!”

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Instant Shift!]

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Sword Imprisonment!]

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Sword Explosion!]

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Sword Cloud!]

[Ding! Mastered Preliminary Battle Technique: Shield Sword!]

Wang Xian quickly mastered various battle techniques as he assimilated the information from the Battle Technique Imaging jadestones. In fact, he was able to incorporate these techniques into his battles right away.

What’s the use of battle techniques? There were too many to list! Considering identical body conditions, those with ample battle experiences and techniques could easily defeat five to six of their peers. In fact, they could even defeat more than a dozen people with similar body qualities.

The strength of battle techniques was as such.

They could enhance the release of one strength to the maximum.

Wang Xian went to the region of Path of Water Applications once again.

As compared to the Path of Swords, the Path of Water Applications only had three Battle Technique Imaging jadestones in the entire region.

The first was Water Contact, the second was Water Chill, and the third was Hidden Mist.

The Hidden Mist had similar effects as when Wang Xian relied on water vapor to hide his real whereabouts. However, the area covered by the Hidden Mist was much broader and had better effects on masking one’s location.

Within a short period, Wang Xian had fully mastered ten battle techniques on the entire second floor.

There are at least several thousand books and yet there are only ten battle techniques... This...

Wang Xian was feeling a little disappointed. What he didn’t realize was that each battle technique was, in fact, a series of attack techniques and methods. One would be considered incredible if they could fully master one or two.

Those who could master three to four battle techniques would be classified as exceptional talents.

Taking Water Clone as an example, the control of the clone, the techniques to employ when engaging enemies, and the possible applications during battles were extremely broad. If one could fully master one battle technique, his fighting capacity would be greatly enhanced.

I can’t get to the third floor?

Wang Xian frowned slightly and was clearly disappointed.

As compared to feeling shocked when he first came in, he was now completely disappointed. He looked around once again before heading for the exit.

After he passed through the spirit array, his allocated time was deducted right away. Wang Xian looked at the hourglass by the side and realized only an hour had passed.

After getting these battle techniques, now I have to think of getting resources. I need to obtain sufficient elixir pills to first raise my strength to Level 9.

Wang Xian pondered as he walked. Now that he had mastered the Art of Water Refining, he could start considering where he should start.

“Dragon King! That’s the Dragon King!”

“Huh? He looked pretty good. That emotionless face of his made him seem a little more arrogant.”

As time passed, the actions of Wang Xian, the Dragon King and Mt. Fengyu were becoming known to more and more people.

When he stepped out, he was instantly recognized by a few disciples who looked towards him.

“A person that dares to declare himself King after getting to the top of the bottom ten mountain sects? How arrogant!” A young man looked at Wang Xian harshly as he walked towards him.

Behind him, there were six other youths following!