Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 631: Level Up For Dragon Palace

Om!

Dong! Dong!

As the flame from the Boundless Branch entered her heart like a stream of fresh blood, Guan Shuqing’s heart began to beat.

Wang Xian was frozen for a moment as he was taken aback. He carried Guan Shuqing to the throne and placed her on it.

“This is...? The Boundless Branch from the Fire God Palace. The Fire God’s Secret Book mentioned that this Boundless Branch was obtained by the Fire God by chance. It’s amazing because it can give off fire without any energy in it.”

Looking at that half-meter Boundless Branch on the Progenitor Tree, Adjaya exclaimed in disbelief.

“This Boundless Branch is extraordinary!”

Wang Xian stared at it. The flame on the Boundless Branch never ceased even when the branch was dead.

But after appearing on the Progenitor Tree, this branch grew a little and became even more incredible.

As the flame from the Boundless Branch entered the heart of Guan Shuqing, her pale-looking face recovered slowly, and her heart beat violently.

With each beat, a fiery-red glow emitted at the heart location.

At the same time, a drop of fresh blood streamed towards the body.

“What’s going on now? Is it Nirvana? Or?”

Wang Xian was shocked as he stared at Guan Shuqing.

“The vitality of Shuqing seems to be multiplying!”

Adjaya, Lan Qingyue, and the rest were elated as they sensed the vitality within Guan Shuqing.

“Mm!”

Wang Xian and the gang kept watch for more than ten minutes. After noticing that Guan Shuqing was alright, they heaved a sigh of relief.

“All of you take a rest. Shuqing might wake up in no time!”

As Wang Xian spoke, he walked towards the Dragon Pool.

With a movement from the space ring, the bodies of Golden Swordfish and the dragonians landed on the ground.

The corpses ablated into the ground at a super-fast speed. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Woosh!

Streams of blood flowed out from the nine dragon heads.

The pool of blood that was collected within the Dragon Pool slowly formed into an oval egg!

The Soul Returning Branch and the Dragon Pool could resurrect the members of Dragon Sect.

But this was limited to only within Dragon Sect and Dragon Palace as the members of Dragon Palace and Dragonians owned the blood of Wang Xian and carried the mark of Dragon Palace.

The Progenitor Tree and Dragon Palace already recognized Wang Xian as their owner. With his blood, anyone could be resurrected using the Dragon Pool and Soul Returning Branch.

However, nothing would work without Wang Xian’s blood.

As such, only Xiao Yu, Elder Fang, and Sun Lingxiu among the six girls could be resurrected.

“Dragon King!”

At this time, Prime Minister Turtle, who had spotted Wang Xian earlier, swam over and greeted him when Wang Xian stopped for a rest.

“Hehe!”

Upon seeing Prime Minister Turtle, Wang Xian beamed.

The current Prime Minister Turtle was not a seven-meters colossal turtle. He was 1.7 meters tall, looked like someone in the sixties with a wisp of a beard, and had a shell behind his back.

He looked just like the Prime Minister Turtle from Journey to the West on television. After going through the resurrection, he reshaped his body, and he possessed two forms now.

Prime Minister Turtle has also advanced to the Budding Realm, which was one level up.

“Dragon King, do you want me to get the rest of the members here?” asked Prime Minister Turtle to Wang Xian.

“Nope. Continue with your cultivation!”

Wang Xian dismissed him with a wave as he headed back to his Dragon King Hall.

He activated the space ring, and Spiritual Stones fell on the ground. Subsequently, a heap of metals that could refine Spiritual Equipment piled up on the side.

All these Spiritual Stones and metals were obtained from the Yong Chang world while a myriad of metal could pile into a hill.

[Ding! One hundred thousand Spiritual Stones and a ton of spiritual grade material detected. Do you want to upgrade Dragon King Hall?]

“Upgrade!”

Upon hearing the prompt from the system, radiance flashed in Wang Xian’s eyes as he answered immediately.

Upgrading Dragon King Hall to Level 2 required one hundred thousand Spiritual Stones and a ton of spiritual grade material.

After upgrading to Level 2, the cultivation speed would be enhanced by six times.

The Spiritual Energy within the Dragon Palace was already less dense than Yong Chang world. But with the six-times speed enhancement, the energy within Dragon Palace would be much thicker than Yong Chang world.

Sensing the instant boost of the surrounding energy, Wang Xian was elated.

He swung his arm, bringing out a thousand pieces of Spiritual Equipment, a ton of material with water properties, and two hundred thousands Spiritual Stones!

[Ding! One hundred thousand Spiritual Stones and a ton of water-attributed material detected. Do you want to upgrade Dragon Sect?]

[Ding! One thousand pieces of Spiritual Equipment detected. Do you want to upgrade Dragon Field?]

[Ding! One hundred thousand Spiritual Stones detected. Do you want to upgrade Dragon Cave?]

Wang Xian confirmed all the notifications that came in.

With every building upgraded in the Dragon Palace, the effect would be doubled.

Take Dragon Field for instance. The current Dragon Field was at Level 2, where members of Dragon Palace could practice and understand their attack techniques at twice the speed. This would significantly enhance their combat capacity!

All the more, the Dragon Cave could boost the cultivation speed of the members by a fold.

We’re left with Dragon Array, Dinghai Divine Rod, and Dragon Pool not upgraded yet. Once we upgrade these three buildings, the Dragon Palace will be at Level 2, which is maneuverable!

Wang Xian pondered to himself. After upgrading the buildings, the material and Spiritual Equipment were almost depleted.

All that was left in his space ring were elixir pills.

“Next, I need to enhance the cultivation and levels of dragonians, and get some good rest in Dragon Palace!”

Wang Xian dived out of the water and notified Mo Qinglong and his men. Subsequently, he dragged his tired body back to the Royal Residence Hall.

Due to the stress from the fact that the Nine Cauldron Worlds were going to descend into the real world, Wang Xian basically did not rest in Yong Chang world.

Now, it was time to take a break.

Back in his room, he already saw the girls sleeping on the bed.

Perhaps they were too tired such that all of them were in a deep sleep.

Wang Xian smiled as he walked to the bed and collapsed.

When he woke up, he realized there was no one else except himself in the room.

Wang Xian walked out with a broad smile as he spotted the girls cultivating in the Dragon Field.

The incident had spurred them on, motivating them to cultivate themselves harder.

Wang Xian visited Guan Shuqing, and everything was normal for her. He then proceeded to Dragon Field and gathered all the members of Dragon Palace.

The current nine Level 12 venomous sea snakes were outstanding. One more level up, and they could evolve into serpents.

They remained in their original forms without changing into humans.

For the Yaksha clan, they were all burly-looking. Just as the Golden Swordfish clan had their weapons in their hands, the forks were carried in their muscular hands.

Apart from Roving Yaksha at Level 12 and fifteen of them at Level 11, the rest of the entire Patrolling Yaksha were at Level 10.

Devil Monkeys remained in monkey forms with no changes. Roving Heavens was at Level 12 while ten of them were at Level 11.

The rest had advanced to Level 10.

On top of that, Roving Lobster and Roving Girl had advanced to Level 11!

The current strength of the Dragon Palace was already compelling. However, Wang Xian was still dissatisfied, especially after witnessing the prowess of the Nine Cauldron Worlds!