Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 688: 0689 under the reconstructed body -FourthuUpdatedate!)

Translator: 549690339

“Huh?”

Just as Wang Xian was immersed in his own world, he sensed the arrival of Prime Minister Gui and looked over curiously.

“Pa!”

When he came to the bottom of the dragon throne, Prime Minister Gui saw the soul fruit of Wang Xian and knelt down on the ground. He bowed and placed the body of the eternal jellyfish under the eternal wood.

Sizzle! Sizzle! Sizzle

The flames emitted by the endless wood were not that terrifying. When held in one’s hand, there would only be a kind of heat. It would not cause much harm to the person.

However, when the body of the eternal jellyfish was placed under the wood, the sound of burning could be heard.

Prime Minister Gui moved his arm and a huge earthy yellow bowl appeared in his hand. He then placed the immortal substance into the bowl.

Each immortal jellyfish had a body size of dozens of meters. All the immortal jellyfish had melted about two to three tons of liquid.

The liquid emitted a milky-white glow and contained a special energy.

“As expected, the indestructible immortal substance will be burned under the endless wood!”

A gleam flashed across Prime Minister Gui’s eyes. After melting all the immortal jellyfish, he bowed to Wang Xian’s soul fruit once again.

Wang Xian looked at Prime Minister Gui with a satisfied expression on his face.

Once he became a member of the Dragon Palace, he would have 100% loyalty and no second thoughts.

This was very important to the development of the Dragon Palace.

Prime Minister Gui plucked Wang Xian’s soul fruit and went to the dragon pool.

Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue and the rest stood there and waited quietly.

“Eldest princess, Dragon Queen!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded at them. Then, he moved his body and placed Wang Xian’s soul fruit on the dragon’s head.

Buzz

When the soul fruit entered the Dragon Pool, Wang Xian instantly felt that he could sense his own body.

Crash

Following that, the immortal material was placed into the dragon pool.

The immortal material was a special energy. Even the dragon pool could not convert it into dragon blood. It could only be absorbed directly.

“Phew, I can finally control my own body!”

Wang Xian heaved a sigh of relief. With a thought, he activated the Divine Dragon transformation immediately. The surrounding dragon blood gushed into his body crazily.

Wang Xian was like a sponge, absorbing all kinds of energy crazily.

“The Dragon King is resurrecting!”

Prime Minister GUI heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the energy in Wang Xian’s body in the Dragon Pool. He spoke to Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the rest.

“HMM, it might not take more than a month for little immortal to be resurrected!”

Lan Qingyue and the rest saw the changes in the dragon pool, and their worries were also relieved.

“Eldest princess, Dragon Queen, I’ll go take care of the matters in the Dragon Palace First!”

Prime Minister GUI bade farewell and left. With a flash, he came to the Dragon Cave. He looked ahead and checked on Tang Yinxuan who was floating in the dragon field. Then, he called Ao Jian and Ao Qitian to swim down the spiritual energy waterfall.

Soon, when they arrived, the bottom of the spiritual waterfall was filled with countless aquatic creatures.

They stayed quietly at the bottom of the sea and absorbed the spiritual energy.

Besides the aquatic creatures, all the members of the Dragon Palace were also cultivating there.

Prime Minister Gui looked satisfied. “Ao Jian and Ao Qitian, you guys guard the surroundings. These aquatic creatures are the foundation of our Dragon Palace. We must ensure that their cultivation will not be disturbed!”

“Don’t worry, Prime Minister Gui. Leave it to us!”

Ao qitian patted his chest and promised.

“Okay!”

Prime Minister Gui glanced around. “The appearance of this spiritual energy waterfall can shorten the development process of the aquatic creatures around the Dragon Palace by 80 to 90 years. It Won’t take long for the aquatic civilization to be established!”

“It seems that we have to nurture the civil officials as soon as possible!”

Prime Minister Gui muttered to himself. He took out a book and a pen from his interspatial ring and began to plan for the future development of the aquatic creatures as well as the establishment of the underwater order after the appearance of the civil officials.

Time passed slowly.

The vitality of Wang Xian in the dragon pool grew stronger and stronger. The body of the divine dragon was growing slowly.

The tremendous energy of the four immortal God corpses, coupled with the special energy of the undead matter.

Within ten days, Wang Xian’s ten-meter-long body had completely recovered.

However, one-third of the dragon blood in the Dragon Pool had yet to be absorbed.

Twelve days later, Wang Xian’s body had grown to around 13 meters. Almost all of the dragon blood in the Dragon Pool had been absorbed.

Beside the Dragon Pool, Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the rest looked at Wang Xian who was lying in the dragon pool nervously. Their faces were filled with anticipation.

“Welcome back, Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui, who was at the side, revealed a smile on his face. He knelt on the ground respectfully and said to Wang Xian who was in the Dragon Pond.

“Roar!”

A faint dragon roar came from Wang Xian’s mouth. He opened his eyes slowly and a five-colored light flashed past.

“Xiao Xian!”

“Brother!”

When Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the other girls saw that Wang Xian had woken up, their eyes were filled with excitement.

Wang Xian looked at them and smiled. His body floated up slowly as he slowly adapted to his body.

His 13-meter-tall body was about three meters larger than before he died.

A terrifying energy was transmitted from his body. Wang Xian felt that his body had undergone some special changes.

“The defense and recovery speed of my body has at least doubled. Although my offensive power has not increased, my current self is much stronger than before. Based on my cultivation base, I should be a middle-level immortal!”

“If I were to face those two demonic middle-aged men again, I would definitely have the strength to fight them. I might even be able to suppress them!”

His dragon God body’s defense was already very terrifying. Now that his defense had doubled, it was a qualitative change.

This time, even if he were to take the demonic middle-aged man’s attack head-on, he would at most be slightly injured.

Wang Xian’s body moved and flew to the side of the Dragon Pool. His body moved and transformed into human form.

“Brother!”

“Xiao Xian!”

A few girls hugged him with their eyes slightly red.

Wang Xian smiled at them and patted their backs. He wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes and said, “What are you worried about? I told you guys in advance to wait for My Resurrection!”

“Even if we knew, we would still be worried!”

Xiao Yu hugged Wang Xian’s arm and said with tears of joy.

“Alright, Alright. Isn’t this alright?”

Wang Xian comforted the five girls for a while before walking towards Prime Minister Gui. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Dragon King!”

“You’ve worked hard these few days!”

“I’ve worked hard for the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui smiled.

“How are things under the Spiritual Energy Waterfall Now?”

Wang Xian nodded and asked.

“Don’t worry, Dragon King. Everything is in good order!”

Prime Minister Gui followed beside Wang Xian and walked into the Dragon King’s palace.

“Where is Tang Yinxuan’s body? has she been buried, or?”

Wang Xian was silent for a while and asked Prime Minister Gui with a heavy heart.

“Dragon King, Miss Tang’s current situation is very special. Please follow me!”

Prime Minister Gui said to Wang Xian.

“HMM?”

Wang Xian was slightly stunned and looked at Prime Minister Gui in surprise.