Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 692: 0693 order of Heaven and Earth Overturning 1(Third Update!)

Translator: 549690339

“These are our Lord Snow Demon and Lord Blood Arrow. Who are you and what do you want to Do?”

The young man was grabbed by Ao Qitian’s neck. His face was flushed red as he growled in a low voice.

“Which immortal sect are they from?”

Wang Xian asked coldly.

“Lord Snow Demon is the sect master of the Jade Hand Immortal sect while Lord Blood Arrow is the sect master of Corpse Chief Dao. Can You... Can You let me go?”

A hint of fear flashed across the young man’s eyes as he said with a trembling body.

“No!”

Wang Xian said coldly. Ao Qitian’s arm shook, and both of them fell to the ground with their eyes wide open.

Wang Xian took the jade bottle from the old man’s hand and opened it.

The blood clotting pills were poured out one by one, emitting a meaty fragrance.

Wang Xian frowned slightly and threw them aside. He looked at the surrounding walls. There were many rough spiritual artifacts, but the materials were exceptionally precious.

Especially the grade-13 materials.

“There are more materials in this world than in the Yongchang world. It might be because there are fewer people here!”

Wang Xian thought to himself. He took out an interspatial ring and kept it all with a wave of his arm.

At present, he had killed quite a number of experts from the nine cauldrons world. There were dozens of interspatial rings in Wang Xian’s hand. Any more would be able to hold it.

“Let’s see if there are any other treasures!”

Wang Xian pointed to Ao Jian and AO qitian behind him. Then, he sat on a seat at the side and waited quietly.

On the island, many strange demons were walking on the streets openly, entering every area.

Even in the daytime, they were still walking unscrupulously.

As long as they did not attack, they would not show themselves.

“Dragon King, the map of the entire island has been drawn. Every shop has recorded it. This island is under the control of Corpse Chief Dao.”

“We found a venue in the middle. Corpse Chief Dao is selecting elites to form the NETHERKILL organization there!”

Half an hour later, ao Yao appeared in the room and reported to Wang Xian.

“How are the elixirs in the elixir store on the island? Which family has more resources? Find Them as soon as possible!”

Wang Xian instructed ao Yao.

“There is a herb garden in the central area. There are many grade-5, grade-6, and grade-7 spiritual herbs in there.”

Ao Yao replied.

“Check it out first. Search all the places on the six islands thoroughly. There are six immortals here. Once we make a move, we must be absolutely confident!”

Wang Xian said in a deep voice.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Ao Yao nodded. With a move, he disappeared.

Wang Xian stood in the shop and waited quietly.

After half a day, Ao Yao returned with news after news.

Wang Xian did not make a move. Instead, they moved and flew towards another island.

Each island was about 50 kilometers away. This Ding Yu world was not smaller than the Yongchang world.

However, a large area was like an ocean.

Time passed day by day. Wang Xian did not make a move. The information was reported to him one by one, giving him a detailed understanding of this world.

Four days later, Wang Xian and the rest returned to the original island.

He held a document in his hand. On it was the list of the Netherworld Killer Organization. At the same time, this was the most elite and core disciple of the two great immortal sects in the entire Yu Ding world!

This Netherworld killer organization was a setup of the Yu Ding world.

During these few days, Wang Xian had some understanding of the Jade Hand Immortal sect and Corpse Chief Dao Immortal sect.

The Jade Hand Immortal sect was an assassin organization in ancient times. Furthermore, it was one of the strongest assassin organizations in the jianghu.

Corpse Chief Dao, on the other hand, was a force that everyone in the immortal sect wanted to beat up. They used the corpses of the strong as puppets to control them.

The Devil Dao in the Jianghu was born from Corpse Chief Dao.

Compared to the Devil Dao, they were more powerful and cruel.

Now that Yu Ding was about to appear, the two immortal sects were preparing to establish the underworld killing organization, which was also known as the assassin organization.

First, it was to intimidate the jianghu.

Second, it was to obtain huge benefits.

On the information, there was a list of all the members of the underworld killing organization and their detailed residences!

“There are a total of more than a thousand people, 300 nascent realm and over a thousand elixir realm experts. They are the core force of the entire Yu Ding!”

“I don’t know if the Netherworld killer or the strange demon is more powerful!”

A hint of killing intent appeared in Wang Xian’s eyes. He looked ahead with a smile and his eyes were filled with coldness.

“Tonight, I’m preparing to attack overnight. I want to kill all the core forces of the two great immortal sects. When the time comes, the furious immortal gods will definitely search for the murderer everywhere. As long as they meet the scattered ones, they will surround and kill them!”

With Wang Xian and the rest’s strength, they could not kill the six immortal gods directly. They could only scatter them and attack them one by one!

“In addition, send 20 strange demons to all the shops, herb gardens, and the treasure vaults of the big families. Bring all the treasures here!”

Wang Xian looked at Ao Yao and instructed.

“We will attack together with you!”

Wang Xian looked at Ao Jian and Ao Qitian. “We must not let what happened here get out. Tonight, let this place fall asleep!”

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Ao Jian and AO qitian nodded.

Boom

At this moment, the sound of thunder came from the sky. Wang Xian looked at the sky with a smile on his face.

“The rainstorm tonight. Even the heavens are helping us!”

“Crash!”

At around nine o’clock, the entire island quieted down. The rain poured down in torrents. There were no pedestrians on the streets and all the shops were closed.

This was a cruel world. There were once more than ten million people in this world, but only two million people remained because of the battle.

According to the information obtained from the strange demon tribe, ten years ago, there were still more than ten million people in this world.

However, in ten years, there were less than eight million people. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There were two reasons for this. First, the resources of Yu Ding world had already been used up.

Second, it was because of the blood solidification pill. The Blood Solidification Pill was announced by an immortal God, and then the four immortal gods began to raise Gu.

That’s right, nurture Gu!

Ten million people were used as Gu.

When ten million people fought, the ones left were the elites.

They used this method to select the elites, creating the situation of hundreds of thousands of innate experts.

Two of the immortal gods were born during these ten years!

The price was that the number of people dropped to over two million.

In the end, the immortal God gave the order to stop fighting!

“According to all the signs, the immortal gods here are all doing this for the appearance of the cauldron of Yu. They knew that the Nine Cauldrons had appeared, so they did such a terrifying thing in order to make their subordinates stronger!”

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered. The only sound left on the entire island was the sound of a rainstorm.

“Do it!”

Wang Xian looked at the sky and shouted softly.

There was no sound in the surroundings. The aura of the strange demons had also disappeared.

Wang Xian and Ao Jian also headed toward the addresses on the information.