Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 705: 0706 returned (first update!)

Translator: 549690339

After a year of closed-door cultivation in the Dragon Palace, the strength of all the members of the Dragon Palace had undergone a tremendous change.

Now, apart from the members who had just entered the Dragon Palace, the rest of the demon monkey clan, Yaksha clan, golden swordfish clan, strange prawn clan, and strange demon clan had the lowest cultivation base at the Dan stage.

The demonic monkey clan had 90 infant realm experts, Yaksha clan, 80 infant realm experts, Golden Swordfish clan, 70 infant realm experts, and 65 infant realm experts from strange prawn clan. All of the strange demon clan had reached the infant realm.

Moreover, 15 of them had already reached the half-step immortal God realm.

Ao prawn and Ao nu were also at the half-step immortal God realm.

Currently, there were more than 480 infant realm experts and 21 half-step immortal God realm experts in the Dragon Palace.

The only pity was that no living creature had broken through to the immortal realm during this one year.

Even so, the strength of the Dragon Palace was not something that the immortal sects in the nine cauldrons world could compare to.

What surprised Wang Xian the most was the hundreds of dolphins. Their cultivation speed combined with Tang Yinxuan’s, and the speed of absorbing spiritual energy was terrifying. In just a year, more than a dozen of the 300 dolphins had reached the infant realm.

The Dolphins’combat strength was not very strong, even though they had cultivated the water god Dragon transformation.

However, their support was very terrifying. They could ignite the fighting spirit of other creatures in an instant.

They could maintain the clarity of the minds of other creatures and maximize their five senses. The circulation of the spiritual energy in their bodies was accelerated. It could almost increase the strength of a creature by 30 to 40 percent.

In addition, they could also interfere with the enemy, slowing down the circulation of the spiritual energy and slowing down the reaction speed of the enemy.

If the dolphin’s ability was used in a large-scale battle, it would definitely be the most terrifying existence.

“Dragon King!”

Ao yaoyao, Ao Jianmo, Green Dragon, 16 Strange Yaoyao, and the disciples of the Dragon Gate came and bowed respectfully to Wang Xian. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Let’s go back!”

Wang Xian said to them as he looked at Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the rest.

“Alright, let’s go. Let’s see what the outside world has become!”

The group of girls looked excited. They had been in seclusion for a year and just happened to see the world of the Nine Cauldrons. They believed that the entire world had undergone great changes.

The group of them moved and flew towards the surface of the sea.

Around the Dragon Palace, hundreds of thousands of intelligent aquatic creatures saw Wang Xian flying out and immediately bowed respectfully.

Splash

After flying out of the sea, the group of them looked around with smiles on their faces.

Although the Dragon Palace was magnificent and beautiful, the group of girls would feel a little impatient after staying for a long time.

“Let’s fly over directly!”

Wang Xian looked at them and flew towards the direction of Huaxia at a terrifying speed.

Among them, even the Dragonmen of the Dragon Gate were at the infant realm.

Mo Qinglong, Lan Qingyue, Xiao Yu, elder fan, Sun Lingxiu, and a Jiaya had already reached the half-step immortal God realm.

The remaining 80 or so Dragonmen, Wang Xian, gave them all the spiritual herbs and elixirs that they had obtained from the Ding of Yu world during this one year.

80-odd infant realm warriors were already strong enough.

There were at most 100-odd infant realm warriors in the entire Yong Chang world.

With the strength of more than 100 of them, they could cause the entire nine cauldrons world to be afraid of them.

The group flew very fast. In less than 20 minutes, they could see the city in the distance.

“Xiao Yu, Qing Yue, Ling Xiu, Qing Lan, a Jia Ya, Wang Xian, I’m going back First!”

Tang Yinxuan stopped. She was heading in a different direction from Wang Xian and the rest.

“Sister yinxuan, be careful and keep in Touch!”

Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the rest held onto Tang Yinxuan’s arm as they spoke.

“Okay, I’ll look for you guys after I stay at home for a few days!”

Tang Yinxuan nodded.

They had been together for almost 24 hours a day for a year, which made their relationship as close as sisters.

Regardless of whether it was sisterhood or the Dolphins in the Dragon Palace who were like family to Tang Yinxuan, she would not leave the Dragon Palace.

She admired and liked Wang Xian.

“Now that the Nine Cauldrons world has appeared, there are as many experts in the pugilistic world as the clouds. Mo Yuan, bring the nine Drakonids and protect her safety. Also, the four strange demons, you guys protect her in secret!”

Wang Xian looked to the side and ordered Mo Yuan and the four strange demons.

“It’s the Dragon King. We swear to protect Miss Tang Yinxuan’s safety with our lives!”

Mo Yuan immediately shouted respectfully.

“This zither is a level-12 spiritual weapon. The bell isn’t very useful. There’s also a spiritual sword below it!”

Wang Xian took out a zither from his interspatial ring and handed it to her as he said with a smile.

“Alright, there’s no need for so many people to follow me!”

A hint of warmth flashed across Tang Yinxuan’s eyes as she reached out to take it.

“It’s alright. You’re the weakest. With Devil Abyss and the rest by your side, you’ll be safe. The four strange demons are also in the dark just in case!”

Wang Xian shook his head and looked at her. “Let’s Go!”

“Okay!”

Tang Yinxuan smiled sweetly at Wang Xian and nodded. She waved at Xiao Yu, Lan Qingyue, and the other five girls before flying off in another direction.

Wang Xian looked at her with a smile.

“She’s already gone, but she’s still looking!”

A Jiaya looked at Wang Xian and teased him.

“Hehe.”

Wang Xian smiled and held a Jiaya’s body. “Take the plane back later. Bring twenty DRAKONIDS and four demons. Come back as soon as possible!”

“That’s more like it!”

A Jiaya smiled happily and looked at the city ahead.

“Let’s go. Let’s go to the airport of the city in front.”

The group flew over and found a secret place to get down. They then sent a Jia Ya onto the plane.

A Jia Ya had been with Wang Xian for more than a year. It was time for her to go home and take a look.

“Let’s go back too!”

After sending a Jia Ya onto the plane, the sky had turned dark. Wang Xian and the rest moved and flew towards the seaside villa in Jiang City.

In less than half an hour, they arrived at the sky above Jiang City. Looking at this familiar city, a smile appeared on their faces.

“Dragon King, our floating island is gone!”

At this moment, Mo Qinglong, who was at the side, said with a dark expression and a twinkle in his eyes.

Due to various reasons, the floating island had been placed here all along. No one knew who had taken it away.

“It’s fine. We’ll just find it again. You guys can stay in the villa by the side!”

As Wang Xian spoke, he moved and arrived in the courtyard of the villa in an instant.

The villa was already filled with dust and cobwebs. Weeds were growing everywhere.

Wang Xian waved his arm and the weeds in the courtyard were removed. Sun Lingxiu, who was at the side, spat out the luminous dragon pearl.

The dragon pearl surrounded the room and removed all the dust.

The entire villa became spotless in an instant.

“Let’s go home!”

Xiao Yu, elder fan, Lan Qingyue, and the rest walked into the room happily. Wang Xian also walked in with a smile.

“Cook and eat, then use your phone, watch TV, and Watch Movies!”

Xiao Yu let out a cheerful scream and quickly turned on all the lights in the room.