Chapter 709: The clash between the new and Old Campus Heroes (Fifth Update!)

Translator: 549690339

“Eh? Senior Wang Xian!”

“Look, it’s senior Wang Xian. I didn’t expect it to be senior Wang Xian!”

“It’s really true. It’s been more than a year since we last met. Senior Wang Xian seems to have become more handsome again!”

Wang Xian walked alone in the campus. He slowly walked to the lotus pond where he got the Divine Dragon System. He was in a very pleasant mood.

After dozens of battles in the martial arts world, this quiet atmosphere made him feel very comfortable.

When he was in the martial arts club, he didn’t make a move. He only released a hint of his aura. He wasn’t trying to act pretentious. He just thought that it was very interesting.

Wang Xian was a popular figure in the school a year ago. 100% of the students knew him.

Therefore, when he walked in the campus, the students in their third year and fourth year all pointed at Wang Xian and said in surprise.

Donating 50 million to the school and donating money to a female student to treat her illness. All the bonuses for the poor students in the school were related to Wang Xian.

His reputation was not only because of his good looks and his pursuit of the school’s Goddess. It was also because of what he had done for the school.

All the students were filled with respect and gratitude towards Wang Xian. When they saw that he had returned to the school, all of them greeted him warmly.

“Senior Wang Xian, are you going back to school?”

A girl couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes, I should be staying at school for some time. What’s Wrong?”

Wang Xian smiled at her and asked curiously.

“It’s nothing. Senior is handsome again!”

The girl said with a smile and left with a smile.

Wang Xian shook his head and asked a student to head to his class.

At this moment, the discussion about Wang Xian’s return to school flooded the forum.

“Senior Wang Xian has returned. Senior has become more handsome again!”

“My Prince Charming has returned to school. He sent a picture that he secretly took. He is simply too handsome!”

“Senior Wang Xian has returned. La La La, confess to senior!”

Wang Xian’s reputation in the school was incomparable to anyone else. What he did was truly worthy of the respect of the students.

Therefore, when the news of Wang Xian’s return to the school spread in the Forum, the entire forum was instantly flooded with comments.

Very soon, the posts welcoming the return of the seniors and declaring their love for each other were neatly posted.

Regardless of the gender, the posts were neatly posted. In just a few hours, over a thousand posts were posted.

The scene on the forum stunned many of the freshmen and sophomores.

“What Wang Xian? What Prince Charming? What?”

In a classroom of the freshmen, a girl dressed sexily looked at the posts on the Forum and curled her lips in disdain.

“Only Mu Zidao and Ming Feng are Prince Charming. What kind of Prince Charming is this Wang Xian? He is even the most popular Prince Charming in the school. How can he be compared to Mu Zidao and Ming Feng? Even Liang Guwen is better than this Wang Xian. HMPH!”

The Lady looked at the Forum with some dissatisfaction. When she saw that the forum was spamming non-stop, she was a little annoyed and immediately posted the thread.

“This is the male idols. What kind of male idols is that Wang Xian?”

These few short words were followed by the pictures of Mu Zidao and Ming Feng.

The two of them stood at the top of the school building. Their faces were full of arrogance. Their otherworldly temperament was clearly displayed.

The post was released.

However, within a few minutes after her post was released, it had already attracted the attention of many seniors and seniors.

Upon seeing this post, they were instantly enraged. One after another, they replied below.

“A handsome man is not a Prince Charming. There are many handsome men in Jiang City University. Only those who contribute to the school and their classmates can be called Prince Charming!”

“What qualifications do the two of them have to compete with senior Wang Xian? Little Girl, don’t you know that senior Wang Xian was the most popular person in our school a year ago? He is the Prince Charming of the masses!”

This thread was like a fuse that caused an uproar in an instant.

The first and second year students had no idea who Wang Xian was. However, they knew Mu Zidao and Ming Feng.

They were from the celestial sect and were peerless experts who could travel in the air.

Their every move carried a trace of otherworldly aura.

They were the dream boys of the freshmen and sophomores.

Ever since they entered the school, they had received countless love letters.

They were from the celestial sect, handsome, and strong. How could Wang Xian, who had some stinky money, compare to them?

Therefore, when the first and second year girls saw this post, they immediately retorted.

There were even many first and second year girls who said bluntly that a guy with a little money had no right to be compared to Mu Zidao and obviously Feng?

The two of them were not on the same level.

Just like a commoner and a prince, that Wang Xian was not even worthy to give Mu Zidao and obviously Feng Tiao shoes.

The retorts of the freshmen and sophomores also made the juniors and seniors furious.

After all, the juniors and seniors were men and women. Furthermore, they had eaten for two more years, so their vocabulary was more than theirs.

All kinds of moral words were thrown out, causing the freshmen and sophomores to be a little dumbfounded.

It made them extremely angry

“The future will be a world of martial arts. Strength is the most important thing. Money is just a piece of paper to the strong. That Wang Xian is like a monkey in front of Mu Zidao and Ming Feng. He can’t be compared to them at all!”

“That’s right. Support Mu Zidao and Ming Feng to teach this Wang Xian a lesson. Let him know that strength is the most important thing now!”

When this post was posted by the furious and enchanting girl, a smug look appeared on her face.

If Mu Zidao and Ming Feng taught Wang Xian a lesson, then... then Wang Xian was nothing!

When this post appeared, it also made the third and fourth year students furious. At the same time, they were also a little worried.

The world was no longer the same as before. They knew that Wang Xian was rich, but they did not know that Wang Xian had the strength.

The world of martial arts was now the world of the immortal sect. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

What would they do if Mu Zidao and Ming Feng really taught Wang Xian a lesson?

The third, fourth, and third year students were filled with anger, but they were also afraid and extremely sullen.

After all, Mu Zidao and Ming Feng were the strong ones of the immortal sect. They were terrifying strong ones.

“HMPH! HMPH!”

Seeing that the aura of the seniors and juniors had weakened, those freshmen and sophomores began to mock and ridicule them in the Forum with a smug look on their faces.

What kind of conflict between the new and old school missions? The famous people in the school in the past were nothing but a joke now!

This made those juniors and seniors extremely angry.

Wang Xian did not know about the fight in the school forum. At this moment, he was standing on the rooftop and scanning the entire school with a satisfied expression. The bell for the end of class rang and he saw groups of students walking out of the classroom.

“Sometimes, I don’t have to worry about going to school!”

Wang Xian looked at the group of students below and considered staying in the school for the next period of time.

He had only attended university for a year, so he still had many regrets.

Furthermore, with his current strength, he didn’t have to fight as hard as before. The members of the Dragon Gate and the Dragon Palace were already able to take charge of their own affairs.