Chapter 711: 0712 might as well be a dog (second update!)

Translator: 549690339

Wang Dahai went to the rooftop and spoke to Wang Xian angrily.

When Wang Xian heard his series of words, a curious expression appeared on his face.

“Is that so?”

He took out his phone and opened the school forum to take a look.

As expected, the entire school forum was in an uproar.

Mu Zidao directly posted on the school’s Forum, wanting to spar with Wang Xian. This was simply bullying.

The mighty disciple of the celestial sect wanted to spar with a student. It was obvious that he wanted to show off his might.

However, those third-year, fourth-year students couldn’t do anything about it.

They could only aggrievedly ask Mu Zidao not to bully Wang Xian and could only humbly beg for mercy.

This made the girls, who were in their first year and second year, look pleased with themselves.

Give up. Our Prince Charming Mu Zidao only posted one post, and you guys have to give up.

What kind of influential person was Jiang City University? He was obviously not qualified to compete with Mu Zidao’s Prince Charming.

Wang Xian looked at the posts and shook his head nonchalantly.

He had not returned to school for more than a year. It was normal for the freshmen and sophomores to not know him.

He was not interested in Mu Zidao at all. He was just a guy who was half a step into the infant realm.

If it was a year ago, Wang Xian might have been a little angry. However, he found it interesting now.

The students of Jiang City University no longer knew Wang Xian.

The martial artists in the martial arts world no longer recognized him as the Dragon Gate and the Dragon King.

“Old Wang, should we teach that kid a lesson and let him know how powerful the Dragon King of the Dragon Gate Is?”

Wang Dahai looked at Wang Xian swiping his phone and said from the side.

“Don’t bother.”

Wang Xian waved his hand nonchalantly and started chatting with Wang Dahai.

Most of the time, Wang Dahai was explaining to Wang Xian about the matters in the martial arts world by himself. He explained the various disputes that happened in the nine cauldrons.

Wang Xian was also listening to the conversation with great interest.

Later on, when they talked about the martial arts world’s prodigy roll and the Peerless Beauty chart of the martial arts world, they were even more excited.

Wang Xian was also looking at the photos and discussing them with great interest.

To his surprise, there was actually a familiar person on the peerless beauty chart of the martial arts world — wandering snow from the Yongchang world.

The appearance of the Nine Cauldrons made the entire martial arts world much more exciting.

In the past, there were only a few hundred thousand martial artists of all sizes in the world of martial arts.

But now, there were close to a hundred million of them.

“Boss, you don’t know. I’ve seen the number one on the world of martial arts, city-toppling beauty. She’s simply too beautiful. Her figure is simply perfect!”

The bell rang after school. Wang Dahai spoke to Wang Xian as he walked while spitting at him.

“Really? Is she really that beautiful?”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows.

“Look at the photo. My goodness, it’s simply too beautiful. Ahem, Xiaoqian is here!”

As Wang Dahai spoke, he immediately put away his perverted smile and coughed.

Su Qian and Yuan Yuanyuan walked over with smiles on their faces.

“Senior Wang Xian!”

The two of them greeted Wang Xian with smiles on their faces.

Wang Xian nodded to them with a smile. “Long time no see. Let’s go. I’ll bring you guys out for a meal!”

“Alright, Senior. Hehe. We just called Xiao Yu and she said that she would be back in two days!”

The two girls said with a smile.

“Yeah, she went to meet some friends. She’ll be back soon!”

“Wang Xian!”

“Wang Xian, you’re so rich. You’ve been away for more than a year. Where have you been?”

At this moment, voices came from the side. They were all Wang Xian’s classmates!

They greeted Wang Xian enthusiastically.

“Let’s take care of some things. Let’s go. I’ll treat everyone to a meal today!”

Wang Xian smiled as he looked at the dozen of people in the class. They used to have quite a good relationship.

“Let’s go. The nouveau riche is here. Let’s eat with him!”

The group of students said jokingly as they walked out.

“Is that Wang Xian?”

“It should be him. There’s a photo of him in the Forum!”

“He’s rather handsome, but he can’t be compared to the imposing and elegant mu zidao and student Xian Feng. He can’t even be compared to the other disciples of the Ming Wang Immortal Sect!”

“He’s far from being comparable. Look at how handsome and noble our Prince Xian Feng is! He’s just like a Prince!”

On the side of the road, a few girls turned their heads curiously when they heard the voices. They commented in a judgmental manner.

There was even a girl who took out her phone and took a photo to compare it with Mu Zidao on the forum.

“In the blink of an eye, more than a year has passed. I have a very deep impression of student Wang Xian’s car. Back then, it was so domineering that it crushed four top-notch sports cars. It’s simply too Diao!”

Walking out of the school gate, one of the students looked at the RV beside the entrance and said with a smile.

“That’s right, that’s right. It was so cool back then. It shocked the entire school. Look, there are many students surrounding the area. Clearly, they have recognized Wang Xian’s Tank!”

As the crowd was conversing, Wang Xian turned his head and indeed saw some students pointing at his car.

Obviously, the incident from that time was still fresh in everyone’s mind.

“Is he heading towards the school gate?”

“Yes, senior brother. I heard from a classmate that that guy and a group of people are heading out of the school!”

At this moment, the buzzing sound of metal could be heard from the school gate.

This sound was even more eye-catching than the roar of a sports car.

In the school, two relatively cool sports cars ran out from inside.

Although it was called a sports car, it was completely different from a sports car. The metal shell emitted a black glow, and the wheels were also a kind of special metal.

The sharp head looked ferocious and full of attack power.

“The puppet war chariot is a puppet war chariot made by the puppet immortal sect!”

“It’s Mu Zidao and Ming Feng. In the entire school, only the two of them have puppet war chariots. It’s simply too cool!”

“I heard that it’s made of precious materials and has terrifying attack power!”

Exclamations sounded one after another. All the students at the school gate hurriedly looked over. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

One was black, and the other was golden.

The two war chariots were slightly bigger than the sports cars, but they were far from being comparable to sports cars.

Not long ago, there was a rich man who wanted to buy a puppet war chariot for 50 million yuan. In the end, the puppet immortal sect didn’t even care about him.

“Haha, Mu Zidao and Ming Feng want to show that Wang Xian a lesson!”

Behind the two puppet war chariots, five to six girls ran over excitedly.

When they saw the puppet war chariot stopping beside Wang Xian and the rest, they were gloating over their misfortune.

“Those senior sisters actually dared to mock us just now. HMPH, I’ll let them see how their Prince Charming, the most influential person in the school, was humiliated in front of Mu Zidao and Ming Feng!”

A few girls walked to the side and took out their phones to take a few photos. They immediately sent them to the school forum.

“Those senior sisters, take a look. In front of our Mu Zidao and Ming Feng, your Prince Charming, that Wang Xian, is nothing. Let me livestream for you guys. That Wang Xian looks like a clown in front of our Prince Charming!”