Chapter 714: 0715, repair before you leave (fifth update!)

Translator: 549690339

“You can only leave after I repair my car after I come back from my meal. Otherwise...”

At this moment, Wang Xian’s voice sounded.

Everyone slowly turned their heads and looked at him.

Especially the girls who were in their first year and second year. Their eyes were filled with disbelief and shock. Their expressions were very interesting.

“Otherwise, you guys will become its dinner!”

As Wang Xian spoke, he patted the dog’s head gently.

“Woof Woof!”

The dog turned its head and barked. Its gaze was fixed on Mu Zidao and Ming Feng who didn’t have much clothes on the ground. Once again, it walked over arrogantly with its head held high. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“No, no, don’t come over. Let’s fix the car. Don’t come over!”

Mu Zidao clearly saw Tian Gou walking over, and his face revealed a terrified expression.

It was an infant tier, an infant tier dog!

If this dog really wanted to kill them, it would be a piece of cake. They simply didn’t have the ability to resist.

Tian gou completely ignored them. He slowly walked over and lifted his leg.

The two people’s bodies immediately trembled.

Tian Gou opened his huge mouth and directly bit on their thighs, dragging them toward the crashed RV.

“Ahhh!”

The terrified screams came from Mu Zidao and Ming Feng. Their bodies were trembling.

Their naked bodies were rubbing against the ground.

When everyone saw this scene, the corners of their mouths couldn’t help but Twitch.

The girls who were in their first year and second year covered their faces.

This was their Prince Charming. He was even worse than Wang Xian’s dog!

Their expressions changed drastically. In their hearts, the Prince Charming was not as good as a dog. It was easy to imagine how upset they felt.

“Senior Wang Xian is senior Wang Xian. He is simply too awesome!”

“Haha, he is too awesome, too awesome. That dog is so strong. The disciples of the celestial sect were actually knocked down to the ground without any ability to resist!”

“You still want to spar with student Wang Xian? Just like what student Wang Xian said, you guys don’t even have the qualifications. You Can’t even defeat the dog raised by student Wang Xian. Yet, you still want to provoke student Wang Xian?”

“Is this your Prince Charming? Haha, I’m Dying of laughter. His body is quite white!”

When the surrounding juniors and seniors saw this scene, the grievances in their hearts were completely released.

They looked at Mu Zidao and Ming Feng, who were trembling as they stood up.

Meanwhile, the heavenly dog sat on the ground and stared at them. It was obvious that it was supervising them to fix the car.

Mu Zidao and Ming Feng, who were covered in dirt and injuries, were trembling as they looked at the damaged RV.

Their Hearts were trembling as they clenched their fists tightly. However, they didn’t dare to show it at this moment.

There was a terrifying dog staring at them from behind.

Infant stage. His F * cking dog was actually in the infant stage.

Then, what was the strength of that Wang Xian? What kind of power did he have?

A hint of fear flashed across their eyes when they thought of this.

“Let’s go and eat!”

Wang Xian said to Wang Dahai and the rest who were beside him.

“Boss, you are too awesome!”

“Yes, it’s Wang Xian!”

Wang Dahai and the rest of the students were also shocked. They nodded quickly and followed behind Wang Xian.

“A year ago, the four second-generation rich kids were also looking for trouble with Wang Xian. The consequences were tragic. A year later, the second-generation rich kids were replaced by elite disciples of the celestial sect. The consequences were still the same!”

One of the students sighed slowly. His eyes were filled with shock as he looked at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian had left. From the beginning to the end, he did not make a move.

Everyone did not know his strength, but they knew that he was definitely very, very strong.

Mu Zidao and Ming Feng, two powerful disciples of the celestial sect, were not qualified to spar with him in his eyes.

His Dog had completely defeated the two of them.

It was obvious who was superior. The one who was not even qualified to carry his shoes was not Wang Xian, but a high and mighty disciple of the celestial sect.

Everyone looked at Wang Xian’s figure and thought to themselves. He was still as mysterious and powerful as ever.

The girls who were in their first year and second year looked at their Prince Charming who was standing beside the RV with his ragged body.

He no longer had the haughty temperament of a prince. He was not even comparable to a dog.

On the contrary, the figure that had left became even taller.

When they heard the ridicule of the surrounding seniors, their faces turned red.

As for the girl who had been updating on the forum, her face was extremely pale.

Many people knew her name on the school forum. She could already imagine the mocking gazes and gazes of the people in the future.

She stood there stiffly and looked at her two miserable bodies. She held the phone tightly in her hand.

“Boss, you are simply too strong. A dog has the strength of an infant stage. Oh My God, I’m worse than a dog!”

Walking on the Ancient Street, Wang Dahai said excitedly to Wang Xian.

“Dahai, if you are worse than a dog, then what are we? You have already joined the celestial sect!”

A classmate beside him said with a bitter expression.

“Comparing people is so infuriating!”

Wang Dahai shook his head and said with a dispirited expression.

“Eh? What kind of shop is that?”

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at the shops around him in astonishment.

“Puppet shop, fitness shop, martial arts book shop, Martial Arts Club!”

Wang Dahai’s gaze swept across the shops and said, “These are all shops opened by the immortal sect. There are puppets, elixirs, secret cultivation manuals, and teaching martial arts!”

“When the immortal sects merged with the world, they also needed money to buy mobile phones, computers, and other daily necessities. Hence, some immortal sects opened their shops and sold some things to ordinary people!”

Wang Xian nodded his head slightly.

Although the immortal sects were good, many things were not as powerful as they were in the modern world.

For example, mobile phones, computers, kitchen utensils for daily use, refrigerators, and a series of other items.

They needed to purchase all of them. This was a huge expense for them.

Hence, immortal sect opened a shop to sell elixirs, dregs, and medicinal liquids that were not even level one.

Although they were useless to martial artists, they were of great use to ordinary people.

If they wanted to, they had to spend money to buy them!

“The changes are really fast!”

Wang Xian sighed slightly.

“Yes, in a year’s time, our world has undergone tremendous changes!”

Wang Dahai also sighed slightly.

“All of you wait here for a moment. I’ll go and call my girlfriend!”

When he arrived at the entrance of the first-grade pavilion, Wang Xian said to Wang Dahai and the rest. Then, he walked to the Divine Dragon Clinic at the side.

Sun Lingxiu stood at the side with a smile on her face.

She was now half a step away from becoming an immortal. Her body exuded a holy aura that made people feel ashamed of themselves. Her perfect figure was dressed in simple white clothes.

“Lingxiu, come and eat!”

Wang Xian waved at Sun Lingxiu.

“Alright, Xiao Xian. Xiao Hong, come and eat too!”

Sun Lingxiu nodded and said to the bloody miracle doctor at the side.

“Yes, yes, it’s Master!”

The miracle doctor immediately walked out with a big smile on his face.

“Oh? Wang Xian, this is your girlfriend. Isn’t your girlfriend...”

When Sun Lingxiu walked out, Wang Dahai and the rest were dumbfounded.