Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 716: Whose territory is 0717? Next Update

Translator: 549690339

“Get the beauties in the room to serve us the dishes!”

The two young men in ancient costume stared at Wang Xian with a look of disdain and said in an overbearing manner.

Boom

However, at this moment, the bloody miracle doctor who was sitting at the side started to move. His hands landed on the Dantian of the two young men in ancient costume without any hesitation.

The powerful force caused them to fly out in an instant. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The two young men, who were still acting cool a second ago, flew out in the next second.

The arrogant smiles on their faces had yet to disappear when their faces turned stiff and they vomited blood from their mouths!

“You want my master to serve you food?”

The Bloody Miracle Doctor’s cold voice was heard.

“Bang!”

The two young men fell heavily on the wall with a loud bang.

“Boss? They are the disciples of the celestial sect!”

Manager Huang was stunned for a moment before he shouted at Wang Xian in a low voice.

“Who is it? How dare you beat up the people of our celestial sect? You are courting death!”

At this moment, seven to eight people came in from outside. They looked at the two young men in ancient costumes who were lying on the ground with a cold expression.

Their eyes were fixed on Wang Xian and the rest. They moved their bodies and were about to attack.

“Cripple them all!”

Wang Xian said with a solemn face.

“Alright, a bunch of trash at the Xiantian level dares to be impudent here?”

A look of disdain appeared on the bloody Miracle Doctor’s face. Now that his strength had reached the half-step infant stage, it was a piece of cake for him to deal with a bunch of xiantian experts.

Boom! Boom! Boom

“Ah!”

The Bloody Miracle Doctor turned into a blood-red shadow and instantly, screams of pain could be heard.

The disciples of the puppet immortal sect widened their eyes in shock. Their Dantian had been crippled!

They dared to attack the disciples of the puppet immortal sect, especially here in Jiang City. They were simply courting death!

“Boss, you actually...”

Manager Huang’s face was also filled with fear. His face was instantly covered in cold sweat.

“Throw them out!”

Wang Xian stood up slowly and said to the bloody miracle doctor.

“Alright!”

The bloody miracle doctor nodded obediently.

“You actually dared to cripple us. We are the disciples of the puppet immortal sect. You guys are done for. You guys are done for!”

The group of young men were still filled with disbelief as they shouted loudly.

“Keke, Puppet Immortal sect. I’ve been wanting to beat you guys up for a long time after seeing you guys flaunting your might!”

The Godly Doctor of the bloody figures smiled sinisterly and immediately tied them up.

“Dahai, you guys can eat here first. I need to settle some matters first!”

Wang Xian said to Wang Dahai and the rest. He gave manager Huang a cold glance before walking down.

Sun Lingxiu also smiled at Wang Dahai and the rest before following them down.

When the students saw this scene, their faces turned stiff.

“Dahai, Wang Xian is actually crippled. He crippled a disciple of the celestial sect. Will something happen to him?”

In the room, the students looked left and right with worry on their faces.

“Nothing will happen to him. All of you don’t know Wang Xian’s strength. Nothing will happen to him!”

Wang Dahai’s heart was beating fast, but he still said with a smile.

...

Wang Xian was a little impatient with what he had encountered today. He was also very disappointed with manager Huang.

The word “Whose territory”made him feel very interesting.

He took out his cell phone and dialed Elder Qin’s number.

“Little brother Wang Xian?”

Elder Qin was a little excited when he received Wang Xian’s call. He asked tentatively.

“Elder Qin, sorry to Bother You!”

Wang Xian revealed a smile on his face.

“No, no, no. I’m already very happy that little brother Wang Xian didn’t forget about me. Little Brother, you have disappeared for more than a year. When are you returning to Jiang City?”

Elder Qin said loudly in a carefree manner.

“I’m in Jiang City Now!”

“You’re already in Jiang City? where is little brother Wang Xian? If you’re free, come and meet me, this old man!”

“Okay!”

Wang Xian smiled and pondered for a moment. “Elder Qin, I’ll have to trouble you with one thing. Send a few accountants to the first-grade pavilion now. Also!”

“Elder Qin, please inform all the martial artists and aristocratic families in Jiang city. I’ll prepare a Dragon Gate Banquet Tomorrow!”

“Dragon Gate Banquet!”

Elder Qin was slightly shocked when he heard Wang Xian’s words.

The Dragon Gate Banquet would be held for all the martial artists and aristocratic families in Jiang city.

“Alright, brother Wang Xian, don’t worry. Leave it to me. As long as the martial artists and aristocratic families are still in Jiang City, I will give them an invitation card!”

“If the location is at Old Man Xue’s five-star hotel, how about it?”

Elder Qin said loudly.

“Yes, that’s fine. Boss Qin, I’ll See You Tomorrow!”

“Alright, Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow. It’s been a long time since we last met. The accountant will be in the first-grade pavilion in twenty minutes at most!”

Wang Xian hung up the phone and revealed a smile on his face.

Beside him, manager Huang’s face turned slightly pale when he heard Wang Xian’s words. His eyes were sparkling.

“Dragon King’s Banquet!”

In a villa in Jiang City, Boss Qin sat on a chair and muttered, “The current Jiang City belongs to the two immortal sects.”

“The Dragon King of Dragon Gate has returned. Perhaps, the miracle will continue!”

Elder Qin knocked on the table and stood up immediately to prepare for the Dragon Gate Banquet Tomorrow Night.

The Dragon King had returned!

The King of River City had returned!

Wang Xian sat in his office and pondered. Manager Huang didn’t come in and left the first-grade pavilion with a guilty conscience.

Wang Xian didn’t stop him. An ordinary person wouldn’t be able to escape.

If not for manager Huang’s meritorious service, he would have been lying here long ago.

“With the appearance of the nine cauldrons, some ingredients with spiritual energy are already available. Although the first-grade pavilion is still the best restaurant in Jiang City, it is already very ordinary in the entire Huaxia!”

“Furthermore, there is no need to keep this first-grade pavilion open!”

Wang Xian looked at his computer and clicked on the messages.

Since he could open a shop in the nine cauldrons world to earn money, he might as well start his own business. It would be a profitable business.

Wang Xian smiled. Alchemy and crafting.

He could open an alchemy and crafting shop. He could only undertake the crafting of elixirs above level six and spirit weapons above level eleven.

To Wang Xian, this was a huge profit. It was even more lucrative than going to the immortal sect to rob.

“Give the employees here a repatriation fee and close the first-grade pavilion!”

Wang Xian made a decision in his heart.

Just as Wang Xian was thinking, the accountants sent by old Qin arrived.

Wang Xian asked them to check the accounts of the entire first-grade pavilion.

If manager Huang was clean, he would give him a sum of money. However, if he was greedy during the one year period when he was away, he would make him cough up all the money.

The four accountants kept checking the accounts. In less than half an hour, all the accounts were out.

There was a huge problem.

Wang Xian shook his head slowly. He made a phone call to old Qin and asked him to handle manager Huang’s matters.

“There might be a lot of people coming to the Dragon Gate Banquet tomorrow. I wonder how many martial artists still respect him as the Dragon Gate?”

“I wonder if there will be other people coming tomorrow. I’m really looking forward to it!”

A smile appeared on Wang Xian’s face. Sun Lingxiu, who was at the side, walked over and gave him a gentle massage on his shoulder!