Chapter 717: 0718 martial Aunt Weiwu 1(third update!)

Translator: 549690339

At this moment, in the Yellow Cauldron region!

Yellow Sky City was one of the three major cities in the Yellow Cauldron region. It was also a city under the jurisdiction of the Yellow Sky Immortal sect.

The entire city was like a luxurious ancient capital in ancient times. Large red lanterns hung in front of the ancient buildings.

At night, the entire city was filled with a unique style.

In a luxurious restaurant in Huangtian City, the three-story restaurant was packed with people.

“Sect master Xiao Yu, elder fan, where have you been for more than a year? We’ve been worried to death!”

“That’s right, that’s right. It’s been almost a year and a half since we last saw each other!”

On the third floor of the restaurant, more than a dozen people were sitting at a table.

In the center, Xiao Yu and elder fan were chatting with the people of the Thorn faction with smiles on their faces.

Xiao Yu had once been the sect leader of the Thorn sect, and elder fan had stayed in the Thorn sect for more than ten years, so their relationship was already very deep.

Therefore, the first thing they came to see was the disciples of the Thorn sect.

“Sect leader Tang, how are you doing in the Yellow Heaven Immortal Sect Now?”

Xiao Yu asked with a smile on her face.

“Not bad, not bad. Back then, we cultivated under the spiritual energy waterfall for a period of time, and many disciples broke through to the Xiantian realm. Now, I’ve also reached the half-step Dan realm, so I’m in charge of some things in the immortal sect. It’s not bad!”

Sect Master Tang smiled. “Now, our cultivation speed is much faster than before. We can be considered to be running errands for the immortal sect.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xiao Yu and elder fan nodded. They also knew that Xiantian experts were very common in the immortal sect. If they were not people from the real world, the immortal sect might not even accept them.

“That’s good. If you have anything to tell me!”

Xiao Yu said with a smile.

“Oh right, when the Sui clan and the Xiao clan come over later, elder Sui and elder Xiao have already reached the half-step infant realm. They can be considered experts. They are doing quite well in the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect!”

A middle-aged man at the side said with a smile, “Especially Xiao ran of the Xiao clan. He has given our people in the real world a boost in face. An eighteen-year-old expert at the peak of the Dan realm is also the best in the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect. I heard that Xiao ran obtained a good result in the monthly competition of the disciples of the immortal sect today!”

“Is that so? If Xiao ran can be nurtured by the immortal sect, he can at least become an infant stage expert in the future!”

Xiao Yu nodded. When he thought of his brother’s disciple, a smile appeared on his face.

“I have nothing to say if I lose?”

“What? Are you still not convinced? If you are not convinced, we can fight again now!”

“I’ll defeat you next time!”

“Haha, Alright Little Guy, I came to find you for no other reason. The Wind Green Pill in your hand can’t be used. I’ll buy it. Eight Thousand Spirit Stones!”

“Eight thousand? I Won’t sell the Wind Green Pill. I’ll only exchange it for fire attribute pills or pills that can increase one’s cultivation!”

“Kid, it’s useless even if you take the pills. I advise you to sell them to me!”

“So what if I don’t sell them?”

“Then I’ll have to have a good spar with you in the future!”

“Haha, Xiao Ran, you can’t use medicinal pills either. I advise you to sell them. A foreign brat who doesn’t know how to adapt to the situation, how can you survive!”

“Everyone, don’t make things difficult for my Xiao ran. In the future, when I refine some medicinal pills, I’ll definitely give them to all of you!”

“HMPH, just you. You’re already over a hundred years old. Refining a grade-5 medicinal pill is already difficult. When you can refine a grade-6 medicinal pill, this young master will have broken through!”

“Xiao Ran, I’m warning you today. Sell the medicinal pills to me and we can talk about anything. If you don’t sell them, wait and see in the future!”

At this moment, Xiao Yu and the others who were sitting on the third floor heard the voices of conversation coming from below through the windows.

“It’s Xiao ran and elder Xiao!”

Sect Master Tang was slightly stunned and said with a frown.

Xiao Yu frowned slightly and immediately went to the window to look down.

He saw a group of young men and women standing in front of the group of people from the Xiao clan and Sui clan.

Those young men and women exuded strong confidence and pride as they stared at Xiao ran.

Xiao ran’s expression was somewhat awkward as he stared at them with a face full of anger.

“Good, you don’t agree, right? Very good, then we’ll see what happens in the future!”

The young man who was only half a meter in front of Xiao ran stared at him. When he saw that Xiao ran did not agree, his face revealed an ice-cold expression.

“Let’s go. There’s still plenty of time in the future. We’ll teach this kid a good lesson in the future!”

A long-haired young man with a face full of smiles as he hugged a sword and said to the people beside him.

There were eight or nine people in the surroundings. One of the young men was holding a game console in his hand. He kept his head down as he played games and didn’t pay attention to the things around him.

Beside him stood a classical beauty who would occasionally look at the young man playing games.

The surrounding young men were all smiling as they watched this scene.

After the long-haired young man finished speaking, he coldly snorted and turned around, preparing to leave.

This caused Xiao Quanshan to sigh helplessly.

Xiao ran’s talent was terrifying, even surpassing the disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect.

However, they were outsiders after all. Not only did the disciples of the immortal sect reject them, the entire immortal sect also rejected them!

After all, they were not on the same side!

“Huh? How Dare You Bully My Brother’s Disciple!”

Xiao Yu stood on the windowsill as she watched this scene. An angry expression appeared on her face. Her gaze swept past the group of youths and landed on the fellow who was playing a game.

It was very familiar and left a deep impression on her!

A trace of coldness appeared on Xiao Yu’s face. Her body moved and she directly jumped down from the window on the third floor.

“You guys, stop right there!”

Xiao Yu shouted loudly and directly jumped in front of the group of young men. Her cold gaze swept over them. “Is it so easy to bully my brother’s Disciple?”

Everyone below was stunned. The members of the Xiao clan of the Sui clan, who were standing at the side, opened their mouths in shock.

“Martial aunt!”

Xiao ran was also stunned. He looked at Xiao Yu with a face full of shock and immediately walked over to call out.

“Did these guys bully you? Today, martial aunt will take revenge for you!”

The corners of Xiao Yu’s mouth curled up slightly as he looked at the young man who was playing the game seriously. His eyes were filled with mockery.

“Martial aunt?”

The most outstanding disciples of the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect were slightly stunned as they stared at Xiao Yu in bewilderment.

“A little girl is actually Xiao ran’s martial aunt. How interesting!”

The eyes of the young man who had been talking to Xiao ran earlier were filled with ridicule. He held a golden longsword in his hand and had very few eyebrows. When he smiled, he gave off a feeling of ridicule.

“Interesting, isn’t it? There will be more interesting things later. Now, immediately apologize to my martial nephew. In the future, if I find out that you dare to bully him, don’t blame this great aunt for being impolite!”

Xiao Yu coldly swept his gaze across the seven or eight of them and berated.

“Haha, interesting. A little girl actually dares to make a ruckus in front of us. Do you know who we are? Haha!”

The youth holding the golden sword stared at Xiao Yu with a face full of laughter, his face full of ridicule.