Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831: 0832 was a sensation

Translator: 549690339

Right now, Xiao Yu’s strength had already reached the realm of an immortal God.

In the entire jianghu, the person with the strongest background was Xiao Yu.

With a powerful and terrifying elder brother, no one in the entire jianghu dared to provoke him.

In fact, because of the relationship between the son of the Yellow Heaven Immortal Sect’s sect master and Xiao Yu, the entire Yellow Heaven Immortal sect benefited greatly.

And the Yellow Heaven Immortal Sect’s Feng Lingtian had become the most famous gigolo in the entire jianghu, a man who lived off women.

Every time Feng Lingtian heard this title, the corner of his mouth couldn’t help but Twitch, but unfortunately, it would still take him a long time to break through to the immortal God realm.

Moreover, Xiao Yu’s talent and strength were too terrifying, and he was completely unqualified to compare with them.

Secondly, with his powerful background, his father, who was at the middle immortal level, could be easily destroyed under Xiao Yu’s background.

Especially today, when the Dragon King once again displayed his invincible strength and unparalleled dominance.

A terrifying and evil upper-level immortal was his subordinate.

Because of the puppet immortal sect, he directly killed the people from the Garden of Eden. It was simply a tyrannical comparison!

“If this matter is announced, it will probably cause a sensation!”

The people from the four great immortal sects looked at each other and whispered.

This matter would indeed cause a huge sensation.

The Dragon King killing the eight gods of the western divine realm would cause a huge sensation in the entire world.

Just as they thought, that night, the people from the four great immortal sects released the news of the eight gods of the Garden of Eden being killed. This news quickly spread throughout the entire world.

And among the immortal sects in jianghu, it caused a huge sensation.

“It’s simply too domineering. The Dragon King is indeed the Dragon King. Killing him is good. They killed two immortal gods of the puppet immortal sect because of a huge demand from the puppet immortal sect. Then we can use the same reason to kill the eight immortal gods. It’s simply too satisfying!”

“Thank you, Dragon King. Thank you, Dragon King, for avenging the disciples of the Puppet Immortal sect. Killing them was good. Killing them was too good. Kill those arrogant Fellows!”

“Awesome, an eye for an eye, an eye for an eye. As expected of the Dragon King’s style, supporting the Dragon King this time!”

“The Dragon King is getting more and more powerful now. This time, he really avenged our Huaxia Immortal Sect!”

“The Dragon King is indeed worthy of being the Dragon King. The Xuanyuan clan and the Yuwen clan are still investigating the specific reason. When they will find an explanation for the puppet immortal sect, the Dragon King directly killed eight of their immortals. It was awesome!”

The Jianghu website was in an uproar. In the past one or two days, because the immortal gods of the puppet immortal sect had been killed by the divine realm, it had caused a great sensation in the jianghu.

The disciples of the Puppet Immortal sect were especially sorrowful, but they had no way at all. They could only ask the Xuan Yuan clan, the Yuwen clan, and the Wild Beast Immortal sect to help them vent their anger.

They were originally from the same root.

The matter of the puppet immortal sect had indeed aroused the sympathy of the disciples of the other immortal sects, and they all denounced the ancient Greek divine realm.

However, today, the Wild Beast Immortal sect, the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect, the Great Flood Immortal sect, and the Yongchang Immortal sect announced that the Garden of Eden and the Dragon Palace would cooperate on the medicinal pills.

Because they had demanded too much, they had been directly killed by the experts of the Dragon Palace.

When this news came out, everyone was dumbfounded.

In the beginning, when the disciples of the immortal sects heard that the puppet immortal sect had been killed by them because they had asked for too much, they started to curse.

This was the most rubbish reason, the most unbelievable reason.

However, it was useless even if they cursed again. However, today, the Dragon King used this reason to give back to the western immortal sects.

Awesome!

That was awesome!

This made everyone sigh at the Dragon King’s domineering attitude.

Back then, the Holy Medicine Holy Medicine Immortal sect ambushed the Dragon Gate forging workshop, killed the disciples of the Dragon Gate, and was annihilated by the Dragon King.

At that time, everyone felt that the Dragon King’s actions were domineering and arrogant.

After half a year, they once again experienced the Dragon King’s domineering attitude.

This time, all the disciples of the immortal sect supported the Dragon King’s actions online.

“This Dragon King...”

In the Xuanyuan clan, the Yuwen clan was discussing the matter of the puppet immortal sect. When they heard the news, they were speechless.

“The Dragon King directly killed the eight gods of the Garden of Eden. It’s not a good thing for us. It might cause a conflict between the immortal sects and the Divine Realm!”

The grand elder of the Xuanyuan clan slowly shook his head and said.

“This is the Dragon King’s doing. Even if they want to take revenge, they will find the Dragon King. But now, the Dragon Palace has to mobilize the power of the two divine realms to contend with the Dragon King!”

“Yes, the Dragon King is too strong. The Wild Beast Immortal sect sent news that the Dragon King has subdued a superior immortal from the island nation. Now, the power of the Dragon Palace is unfathomable!”

The two immortal sects sighed slightly. The Dragon King’s action could be considered to have solved the problem of the puppet immortal sect.

However, at this moment, in the far west.

The divine realm was a domain of its own. In the vast western domain, the seven divine realms occupied a huge space.

The divine realm of the Garden of Eden was one of the more powerful divine realms. There were more than twenty immortal gods in the entire divine realm.

The divine realm of the Garden of Eden looked like a garden at a glance. There were all kinds of trees growing inside. The entire divine realm was full of vitality.

In the center of the divine territory, there were many dream-like buildings.

In the center, a piece of white metal that was more than ten meters in size was hanging in the sky.

“Buzz, Buzz, Buzz!”

At this moment, information appeared on the white metal. When the divine servants guarding the side saw the information, they were shocked and immediately flew into a hall.

“What? The Okra Angels and the others were killed by the Huaxia Dragon King!”

An angry voice sounded in the divine realm. A burly old man flew out of the hall with a huge golden hammer in his hand. He stared at the message on the white metal.

His face was extremely gloomy.

Soon, the gods in the divine realm rushed over one by one. When their eyes swept over, they revealed shocked expressions.

The gods had fallen. Eight of them had fallen. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This was a huge matter for the entire divine realm.

In the western divine realm, the death of every God would cause a huge commotion. Now that eight gods had fallen, it was no different from an earthquake.

In particular, the reason why the eight gods had been killed was so absurd.

This was clearly a provocation to their divine realm.

Very soon, this news spread throughout the seven great divine realms, causing the entire divine realm to boil.

Everyone’s gaze fell on the ancient Greek divine realm. Because of all the reasons, it was still caused by the ancient Greek divine realm.

The seven divine realms were not united. There were also all sorts of differences and disputes.

They did not unite to go to the east to take revenge. Instead, they quietly waited for the result.

Just like how the Puppet Immortal sect dealt with it, they quietly waited. The other divine realms also had an attitude of not caring about their own matters.

Only the people from the ancient Greek divine realm and the Garden of Eden Divine Realm had extremely ugly expressions. Furious roars sounded in the divine realm!