Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 834: 0835 Dragon Palace’s upgrade

Translator: 549690339

“I still need to upgrade the last array formation. Once the array formation is upgraded, the entire Dragon Palace can be upgraded to level two!”

Wang Xian was excited. After the Dragon Palace was upgraded to level two, apart from doubling its various functions, the Dragon Palace would have an ability.

Moving. A level two dragon palace could move under the sea.

In other words, he could move the position of the Dragon Palace.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and threw the formation compasses above the Dragon Palace.

“Seven level 2 formations found. Do you want to fuse them?”

“Fuse!”

“The fusion is complete. Ten level 2 formations of the Dragon Palace have been fused. The Dragon Formation has been upgraded to Level 2!”

“All the buildings in the Dragon Palace have been upgraded to level 2. The Dragon Palace has met the requirements to be upgraded to level 2!”

The voice of the system came one after another, and in an instant, the dragon palace below started to undergo a terrifying change.

The Dragon Palace, which originally occupied an area of ten kilometers, suddenly became bigger, and all the buildings inside became bigger like miracles.

The Dragon King Palace, the dragon transformation pool, the ocean-pacifying needle, the Dragon Gate, the Dragon Field, the Dragon Cave, and all the other buildings were all expanding at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Even the mountains in the Dragon Palace had undergone great changes.

All the members of the Dragon Palace came to the sky of the Dragon Palace in shock and felt the great changes in the Dragon Palace.

The Spiritual Qi in the Dragon Palace was increasing at a crazy speed.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz

At this moment, the entire Dragon Palace was covered by array formations of various colors, and the entire area became extremely illusory.

This was an array formation. A level one dragon palace only had two array formations, the spirit gathering array and the water area array.

The water area array could withstand the attacks of creatures below level twelve.

All kinds of changes were made to the buildings, and the array formation also underwent earth-shaking changes.

The entire Dragon Palace was as beautiful as a holy land.

The water tribe around the Dragon Palace sensed the changes in the Dragon Palace, and they all gathered around as if they were worshipping.

The Dragon Palace was expanding at a very fast speed. Everything inside was expanding.

“It has doubled in size now, but it still hasn’t stopped!”

Wang Xian looked at the expansion of the Dragon Palace with joy on his face.

The current 20-kilometer radius was already a huge area in his eyes. However, it wasn’t over yet.

Wang Xian stood in the sky above the Dragon Palace and waited slowly.

Two hours later, the expansion of the Dragon Palace finally stopped.

“Ding, the Dragon Palace has been upgraded to level 2. All the construction effects have been doubled. New functions have been activated!”

The system’s voice was heard. It meant that the Dragon Palace was completely completed.

Dragon Palace: Level 2

Dragon Master: Wang Xian (Level 9 five elemental divine dragon) Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Buildings:

Dragon King Palace: Level 2(increases the dragon King’s cultivation speed and recovery speed by 1,200%)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 2(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon seed, Dragon Blood: 143,232)

Dragon Gate: Level 2(a fish can only become a dragon after leaping through the Dragon Gate, effective against creatures below the transcendent level!)

Ocean-pacifying needle: Level 2(pillar of the Dragon Palace, set 100 kilometers of calm in the Dragon Palace, increase the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace by 200% !)

Dragon Cave: Level 2(with 2,000 dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will be increased by 800% !)

Dragon Field: Level 2(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 400% !)

Dragon Array: Level 2(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, movement!)

Spirit item:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return souls to creatures below transcendent level!)(activate spiritual intelligence of Creatures!)(increase the speed of fire attribute cultivators by 200% !)

Attached: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon species.

Current dragon species: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, Demon, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster...

“Hiss, this is the effect of the upgrade!”

Wang Xian looked at the changes in the entire Dragon Palace after the upgrade. He was shocked.

Now that the Dragon Palace’s range had increased to 50 kilometers, it had increased by five times.

The effects of all kinds of buildings had doubled.

In other words, ordinary members of the Dragon Palace would cultivate eight times faster in the Dragon Cave than in the outside world. This was a terrifying increase.

His cultivation speed in the Dragon King Palace was twelve times faster than in the outside world.

In addition, the improvement of the dragon array was completely different from when it was at level one. It had become the Dragon Palace’s great array.

The defense of this great array could withstand the attacks of creatures below the transcendent level.

In other words, even a superior immortal could not enter the Dragon Palace.

The effects of the ancestral tree were still abnormal. The special effect of the opening of the Dragon Pool made Wang Xian’s eyes burn with excitement.

Nurturing a dragon seed!

In other words, when a creature entered the dragon pool, it could transform into another race through this ability.

For example, a turtle could choose to evolve into a demonic monkey or a strange demon under the function of nurturing a dragon seed.

This was a perverse ability, and it was also the foundation of the Dragon Palace’s strength.

Currently, there weren’t many departments in the Dragon Palace. It was extremely difficult to find another race that was exactly the same.

With this method to nurture a dragon seed, one could nurture a fish into a demon monkey and form a fixed race.

“If that’s the case, the Dragon Palace will become stronger and stronger in the future!”

Wang Xian’s eyes flashed with a fiery glow.

As for upgrading the Dragon Palace to level three, Wang Xian took a brief look. It was not something that he could upgrade at this moment.

All the items that he needed were extraordinary items.

Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace. The 100-meter tall ocean-pacifying divine needle was extremely majestic and looked like the pillar of the Dragon Palace.

The entire Dragon King Palace had expanded by five times. The moment he entered, he could feel the obvious spiritual energy. It was not weaker than the spiritual energy in the nine cauldrons.

The Dragon Chair became more than fifty meters long, and a divine dragon coiled from head to tail, looking very domineering.

The ancestral tree and the Dragon Palace had completely merged into one. The ancestral tree had also received a great improvement this time.

The effects of the soul-returning wood, the tree of servitude, and the endless wood were all very abnormal.

Because of the endless wood, the cultivation speed of the fire element in the entire Dragon Palace had doubled again, which was very abnormal.

Unfortunately, only Guan Shuqing was a fire attribute cultivator in the dragon palace.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing, and the other girls suddenly returned and entered the Dragon Palace.

“Little Xian, how did the Dragon Palace undergo such a huge change?”

Lan Qingyue looked around in shock with an incredulous expression.

They didn’t know that Wang Xian had obtained the system.

After leaving for a few days, the entire Dragon Palace had turned into a huge city. It was even more majestic and magnificent.

“The spiritual energy has doubled. The defensive and concealment effects have also reached the peak below transcendence!”

Guan Shuqing’s eyes were flickering with flames. It was obvious that Feng Luan had taken over her body.

At this moment, her eyes were filled with shock.

What kind of power could cause such a terrifying change to the Dragon Palace.

She moved her body and looked at everything around her. She looked at the endless wood, the ocean-pacifying divine needle, and the Dragon Pond behind her.

Wang Xian didn’t answer them. He looked at their shocked expressions and smiled at the side.

Soon, the Dragon Palace would rule the entire ocean!