Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 840: 0841, the real system

Translator: 549690339

The real system!

To be precise, the system that Wang Xian obtained in the past did not wake up at all.

Just like him, he had not even reached the level of a newborn divine dragon. Now, after he had completed the first transformation of the Divine Dragon, the system could be considered to have truly woken up.

Furthermore, he had some understanding of this system from the scene in his mind!

Those Divine Dragons of the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth transformations had already fallen in the battle with the insect race.

The insect race, Wang Xian vaguely understood from the divine dragon transformation that this was a race that destroyed the world. They were born to kill and devour.

This race was extremely terrifying. Even the top races in the universe had to be afraid of them.

There were not many top races in the universe. The only race that could fight against the insect race was the divine dragon race.

For some reason, the Divine Dragon Race had a war with the insect race. The insect race was exterminated, and only the weak or impure divine dragons of the Divine Dragon race were still alive.

However, the Dragon Gods of the Divine Dragon Race who had reached the nine transformations of the Divine Dragon had created a system. It could be said to be a system, or it could also be said to be a divine weapon that assisted the growth of the Divine Dragon.

There was a weapon spirit inside the divine weapon. This weapon spirit didn’t have any emotions, only the rules that the Dragon Gods had established.

This was also to prevent other powerful races from intercepting the supreme treasures belonging to the Dragon God clan.

From the picture in his mind, he got a message from the mouths of the dragon gods.

A Dragon God of the Dragon God clan owned a Dragon Palace. The members of the Dragon Palace were different from each dragon in the Dragon Palace. If they had prepared earlier and formed the most perfect army, they would not have died together with the bug clan. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Now, in this system, there was not only the treasures of the Dragon Gods of the Dragon Palace, but also a supreme treasure.

This supreme treasure was the foundation of the Bug clan. It was also the most powerful place of the Bug clan, which was the bug nest.

However, the bug nest was modified by the Dragon Gods and turned into a dragon pool.

As long as they had subordinates and energy, the Dragon Palace could create powerful members of the Dragon Palace without limit.

This was also the reason why the last voice said that there would come a day when the invincible Divine Dragon and the Invincible Dragon God clan would rule the oceans of the myriad realms!

“Now, the system will release missions and reward items. Similarly, there is also a system store which can be exchanged for items collected by the group of Divine Dragons. In the future, the elevation of the Dragon Palace will be easier!”

“The elevation of my strength will also be easier!”

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he thought of the changes in his attributes.

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Five Elemental Divine Dragon (able to transform into a human)

Level: extraordinary first level (first change of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Dragon Crystal: 0/100

Supernatural ability: ruling the water tribe (ruling the water tribe that is lower than one’s level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract dragon crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Divine ability: burn the river and boil the sea, gold crack the void, descend of the wood realm, Water Danger Storm City, wrath of the Earth, soul capture, endless sight, spirit possession!

Dragon Palace: Level 2.

Dragon Palace members: 2,655

Level changed to transcendent level 1, the first transformation of the Divine Dragon Transformation, the Dragon Qi disappeared and turned into dragon crystals.

With eight divine abilities, Burn the river and boil the sea as fire dragon aoe attack, gold crack the void as gold dragon aoe attack, can also attack single target, descend of the Wood realm as Green Dragon Aoe attack, water danger storm city as Water Dragon Aoe attack, the Fury of the Earth was an area-of-effect attack from the Earth Dragon.

As for the soul-absorbing, endless sight, and spirit-attaching divine abilities, they came from the soul-returning wood, endless wood, and the tree of servitude.

Soul-absorbing, the eyes could absorb souls, the souls of the members of the Dragon Palace, and the souls of other people. After absorbing them, they could obtain information about them.

They could also put them on the soul-returning wood and resurrect them.

Endless Eyes was an eye-bloodline technique. Wherever one looked, they would directly attack with flames. Moreover, the flames would never be extinguished. It was an extremely terrifying eye-bloodline technique.

As for the spirit-attaching ability of the Changshu, it could make a plant have spirituality.

The spirit-attaching ability could greatly enhance the cultivation of spiritual herbs and the use of the wood element in battles.

Take the divine ability of the descent of the wood world as an example. After the spirit-attaching ability was released, all the trees in the wood world would have spirituality and burst out with even more terrifying power.

“Phew, with my current strength, even the current Empress is no match for me!”

Wang Xian’s eyes revealed a look of confidence. Out of the eight divine abilities, each one of them was extremely powerful. They could completely suppress existences of the same level.

Feng Luan had once said that after transcendence, there was a difference between the first stage and the second stage. The difference between the first stage and the second stage could be said to be the difference between the Dan stage and the infant stage.

With his current strength, he could definitely fight against opponents of a higher level.

“Let’s see what’s in the system store!”

Wang Xian had a thought. “Open the Treasury!”

“Ding! Host’s strength is the first change of the Divine Dragon Transformation. You can only check the treasures of the first change of the Divine Dragon Transformation!”

“Elixirs, treasures, dragon seeds, formations, and materials!”

There were a total of five options. Wang Xian had a thought and opened the elixirs.

Dragon Blood Pill: An Extraordinary Tier-3 item. After consuming it, the price will be increased by 10 dragon crystals. The exchange price will be 10 dragon crystals!

Thousand-year-old Dragon Blood Herb: An Extraordinary Tier-3 item. After consuming it, the price will be increased by 11 dragon crystals. The exchange price will be 11 dragon crystals!

Dragon...

Wang Xian had completely lost interest after scanning through two of them. Consuming it would increase the price by 10 dragon crystals. The exchange price would be 10 dragon crystals. His brain was pumping as he tried to exchange for this.

“It seems like these elixirs are meant to upgrade the items of the members of the Dragon Palace. That’s not right. With the Dragon Pond around, it’s not of much use to the members of the Dragon Palace. It’s useless!”

Wang Xian shook his head in disappointment and opened the treasure column.

There were more items in the treasure column. There were a few thousand of them. There were gold, wood, water, fire, Earth, wind, lightning, and dark spirit pearls which could be cultivated into dragon pearls.

However, the price was too high, at least 100 dragon crystals.

There were also some protective items, such as necklaces, bracelets, dragon scales, and some attack-type dragon teeth and claws.

There were also pill furnaces and weapon forging tables.

The items inside weren’t very useful to him. Being at the top of the universe, the Divine Dragon’s true form was extremely powerful, and they could use very few weapons.

When he opened the dragon seed, he found out that it was the most precious treasure in the treasure.

“Thorned dragon seed: ? ? ? ! (known to be the strongest assassination dragon seed)”

“Mad Dragon Seed: ? ? ? ! (known to be the strongest combat dragon seed)”

“Imperial Dragon Seed: ? ? ? ! (known to be the strongest defense dragon seed)”

“Arrow Dragon Seed: ? ? ? ! (known to be the strongest long-range attack dragon seed)”

...

There weren’t many dragon species. There were fifteen of them, and they were the subordinates of the strongest Dragon Palace in the Dragon God Dragon Palace.

These were the dragon species that the dragon God had painstakingly nurtured, and each of them was no weaker than the Dragon God.

They were the strongest in assassination, single combat, defense, long-range attack, support, fire element, water element, and the other seven elements.

Once these dragon species were all cultivated, they would be absolutely invincible.

However, to cultivate one of these dragon species, they would need a large amount of dragon blood.