Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861: 0862 respectfully sent the Dragon King off

Translator: 549690339

“Dead, all of them are dead. It seems that not a single expert from the Dragon Palace has died!”

The battle slowly came to an end. When the body of divine king Okerdin fell from the sky, when the gods from the Roman celestial domain, the Garden of Eden Celestial Domain, and the ancient Greek celestial domain tried to escape.., when the immortal gods of the Yuwen clan screamed in pain, they were completely defeated.

In less than ten minutes, all the immortal gods were killed. Those experts who had yet to reach the immortal God level were also killed.

One hundred and forty-eight immortal gods were killed along with a godly king.

This was a war that shocked the entire world. More than three hundred immortal gods participated in it, and more than one hundred of them died. This made the name of the Invincible Dragon King.

“Bring all the corpses here. Take all the treasures of the Yuwen clan with you!”

Wang Xian sat on the dragon throne and swept his gaze across the fresh blood below.

The blood of the powerhouses and the blood of the immortals possessed a powerful energy. It was absorbed by the Dragon Pool and converted into dragon blood. With the 148 corpses of the immortals and the corpse of the godly king, Okerdin.., it was sufficient to increase the number of members of the Dragon Palace by 70 to 80 or even more than 100.

Battle to nourish the battle!

Wang Xian was rather satisfied with this battle, especially with the strength displayed by Tang Yinxuan and the group of dolphins. In a group battle, the effect was too terrifying.

Wang Xian was also very satisfied with the strange demon’s performance.

However, Wang Xian wasn’t too satisfied with the Golden Swordfish, demon monkey, and thunder shrimp.

The members of the Dragon Palace possessed dragon blood and cultivated the divine dragon transformation. They belonged to the otherworldlings and had a higher physique than humans. However, it would take a long time for them to end the battle in a one-versus-two situation.

“The Dragon Palace’s foundations are too weak. The time they have cultivated is too short!”

Wang Xian thought to himself. He wanted his subordinates to be at least as strong as octahedron. It was not that octahedron was extraordinary, but it was the same level of combat strength.

With octahedron’s strength, it should be easy for him to kill two or three people of the same level. Just like the battle with the godly king, octahedron had no ability to resist at the end.

Even if two more godly kings came, they would not be his opponent.

Of course, this was largely because eight points had lived for more than two thousand years. His foundation was very strong, his foundation was deep, and his methods were also extremely powerful.

In the universe, the lifespan of humans was relatively short. Many creatures had a lifespan of thousands to tens of thousands of years. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The accumulation of time allowed them to have a powerful attack power that far exceeded that of humans.

The accumulation time of the members of the Dragon Palace was still too short.

“Dragon King, everything is taken care of!”

In less than twenty minutes, all the members of the Dragon Palace came before Wang Xian and spoke respectfully.

Below, at the Yuwen clan, all the members of the clan were lying on the ground with ashen faces, not daring to move an inch.

Just now, when the members of the Dragon Palace went down to search for treasures, some of them wanted to resist but were killed immediately.

As the pressure was released, everyone from the Yuwen clan knelt on the ground.

“Let’s go back!”

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly. The nine dragons swayed their bodies and flew slowly in the direction of the Dragon Palace.

“Greetings, Dragon King!”

At this moment, an immortal God who was hiding in the surroundings hesitated for a moment before shouting respectfully in the direction of the Dragon King.

“Respectfully send off the Dragon King!”

When the other immortal gods saw that someone had revealed themselves, they all revealed themselves and respectfully shouted in the direction of the Dragon King.

At this moment, the entire area rang out: respectfully send off the Dragon King!

This scene was seen by everyone through the live broadcast.

The hearts of everyone watching the live broadcast trembled slightly.

At this moment, there were already seventy to eighty immortal gods watching from the surroundings, coming from various immortal sects.

Even the immortals from the Xuan Yuan clan were around.

All the immortal sects, including the Xuan Yuan clan’s Immortals, bowed at the same time and shouted respectfully to send the Dragon King off.

This was recognition for the Dragon King, this was recognition for the world’s strongest overlord!

“The Dragon Palace has at least 200 immortals. The Dragon Palace’s strength, even if the entire Huaxia immortal sects were added together, is not as strong as the Dragon Palace!”

“The western realm of gods was killed by the Nordic King, the Nordic realm of gods was destroyed, the Garden of Eden realm of gods, the ancient Greek realm of gods, and the Roman realm of gods were all destroyed. Now, the strength of the entire western realm of gods added together is still not enough for the Dragon King to Kill!”

“The Dragon Palace is already invincible in the world!”

Everyone thought to themselves. The Dragon Palace was too strong, so strong that the forces that destroyed the Nordic king and the Yuwen clan’s immortals did not suffer any casualties!

In the future, the Dragon King will be the one and only king in the entire world.

Therefore, the immortals respectfully called out to send the Dragon King off!

...

The Immortals Fell, and blood flowed like a river.

In the era of spiritual energy martial arts, 0001,04,25th day, the Yuwen clan, who was at its peak, formed a marriage alliance with the Nordic God realm, inviting all the great immortal sects and God Realms on Earth.

The Yuwen Clan had invited the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace. In the end, at the wedding, the bride, Philomena, blatantly refused to give face to the Dragon King and sought death by provoking the Dragon King. In the end, she was killed on the spot by the Dragon King.

The Nordic Divine Realm’s divine king, Odin, was furious that night. He had led all the experts of the divine realm to come and die in order to destroy the Dragon King.

The Nordic divine realm and the Yuwen clan had joined forces with two powerful forces. In the end, the number of Immortals had reached 148.

However, the Dragon King led a group of members of the Dragon Palace and completely destroyed the Norse celestial realm and the Yuwen clan without any losses.

Since then, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was the most powerful existence on Earth, and the Dragon King was also an invincible expert that surpassed all the immortals.

In the era of spiritual energy martial arts, the Dragon King’s deeds were recorded!

This was a record of the Dragon King by some historians, and it was also a record of this incident.

At this very moment, in the Dragon Palace.

The first great war exposed many problems. Prime Minister Gui and a group of civil officials made a detailed summary of this great war.

The cultivation continued. The foundation of the Dragon Palace was too low and needed to be improved as soon as possible.

After digesting the corpses of the immortals and deities, Wang Xian was ready to order the members of the Dragon Palace to start the journey of conquering the Earth’s oceans.

They would dominate the oceans and establish the Invincible Underwater Dragon Palace on Earth.

The five lakes and four seas were the domain of the Dragon Palace. The ten-thousand-year-old water tribe were the subjects of the Dragon Palace.

Time passed slowly. The Dragon Palace was developing at a terrifying speed.

The strength of the water tribe in the Dragon Palace was improving every day. They cultivated the best attacks and enjoyed the most amount of spiritual energy. It was far from what the humans on Earth could compare to.

The Dragon Palace’s territory was also expanding rapidly, reaching the western seas.

In the western seas, there were a few sea gods. These sea gods also lived at the bottom of the sea. They even wanted to join the Dragon Palace, but they were directly rejected.

All the resources at the bottom of the sea flowed into the Dragon Palace. All the water tribe members hoped to join the Dragon Palace.

In just a short year, there were around 5,000 water tribe members who had passed the Dragon Gate. The number of members of the Dragon Palace had increased tremendously.