Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 868: 0869 suppressed the world

Translator: 549690339

A mocking voice sounded, causing all the immortals and gods kneeling on the ground to reveal shocked expressions.

Just now, when the Dragon King and the others didn’t kneel down, everyone was a little stunned.

Hearing this mocking voice again, all the Immortals and disciples of the immortal sects were even more shocked.

Even the gods in the sky in front of them were slightly stunned.

The highest level was transcendent-level four?

What did this mean?

“Look, that’s...”

At this moment, everyone suddenly saw the head and body of the Obscene Saint King who was standing on the left side falling down.

The bright red blood splashed onto the ocean, causing everyone’s pupils to shrink.

Saint King, this was a Saint King, an ancient god who had returned, yet he was instantly killed.

In the air, there was only a faint flash of light before he died.

Instant Kill, instant kill.

The air froze instantly.

“Boom Boom Boom!”

The faces of the Sage kings who were seated on the divine seats changed drastically. They were shocked by Wang Xian’s taunting words and their comrades who were instantly killed!

What the F * ck!

A terrifying aura burst out from everyone’s bodies. They scanned their surroundings with a solemn expression and stared at Wang Xian with an embarrassed expression.

Just now, he said that the highest level of transcendence was at level four with a hint of mockery!

This made all of them look embarrassed.

How did he know that the highest level of transcendence among them was at level four?

Furthermore, he was so unscrupulous!

“Who... Who Are You?”

In the middle, a middle-aged man with a beard looked at the corpse that had fallen into the sea. His eyes were solemn as he stared at Wang Xian vigilantly.

“Haha, interesting, how interesting. Now You’re asking me who I am? Let me tell you, Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, none of you can leave today!”

Wang Xian laughed out loud. His body shook and he transformed into a divine dragon!

At this moment, a huge wave rose from the bottom of the sea!

A monster that was nearly 400 meters in size flew into the sky from the sea.

Lan qingyue, Sun Lingxiu, elder fan, and Prime Minister Gui followed closely behind and surrounded them in front of them.

Stunned!

The hundreds of thousands of immortal gods and disciples below watched this scene in shock.

The returning ancient god, the sacred king, who had swept across the western divine realm and established the Sacred Glory Empire in an invincible manner, was now surrounded by the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace and the others.

However, they were still kneeling on the ground, wanting to worship their future king and become his subjects.

This was simply... simply...

Everyone was dumbfounded!

The other eleven so-called sacred kings standing in front of the divine throne had ugly expressions on their faces.

They glanced at the group of people who had surrounded them, and their expressions were extremely ugly.

Being exposed made them angry from embarrassment, and they were extremely angry.

The death of a comrade made them even more fearful.

“If you don’t want to die, then surrender!”

Wang Xian didn’t give them any time. He let out a low growl, and his eyes were flickering with flames.

“Endless eyes, fight!”

He let out a loud growl that was filled with fighting spirit. The two flames in his eyes were directed at the middle-aged man in the middle.

He was the only transcendent level four existence and was also the strongest among them.

“Damn it, kill him!”

When the middle-aged man heard that Wang Xian wanted them to surrender, his expression turned extremely ugly. He let out a loud roar and a huge golden saber appeared in his hand.

He waved his arm and a terrifying golden radiance slashed towards Wang Xian.

Boom

The golden radiance collided with the boundless vision. Two terrifying flames actually started to burn on the golden radiance and melted rapidly.

“What!”

“Divine ability!”

The middle-aged man’s expression changed slightly. A solemn expression appeared on his face.

“Saber Rage!”

His expression changed slightly. He raised his long saber and the 10,000-meter-long saber radiance instantly condensed and slashed towards Wang Xian.

“Golden void rend!”

Wang Xian’s expression didn’t change at all. His Golden Dragon Claw emitted a dazzling golden radiance. The golden radiance was like a thread as it directly met the 10,000-meter-long saber radiance.

“BZZT BZZT BZZT!”

It sounded like the sound of space being torn apart. The metal attribute divine ability, golden space splitting, instantly cut the saber glow in half and attacked the middle-aged man.

“The second divine ability?”

Divine abilities were the strongest means of an extraordinary powerhouse. Normally, only at the last moment would one unleash a divine ability to kill.

However, the Dragon King attacked with two divine abilities right from the start.

It was a first-level divine ability. His saber fury was a divine ability that he had comprehended when he entered the first level.

When he saw that his first divine ability was cut off, his expression changed slightly. “Fury Wave!”

The saber radiance was like a wave as it slashed towards the gold-splitting void continuously.

Buzz

When the two divine abilities collided, it was as though there was only the sound of metal between the heavenly sounds.

It was exceptionally ear-piercing.

“Continue, burn the river and boil the sea!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were filled with excitement. This was the first time he had such an enjoyable battle.

“D * mn, another divine ability. How did he have so many attributes?”

The middle-aged man saw that the terrifying sea of fire was condensed to four to five kilometers. The terrifying flames were like a volcano that appeared out of thin air. His face revealed an embarrassed expression.

“Blade Attack!”

The blade in his hand circled around and formed a golden metal space that completely protected it. The Flames could not enter his body at all.

“Roar!”

Wang Xian let out an angry roar and charged forward. Dragons were not only powerful in their innate abilities, but also in their physical bodies!

“Fight!”

The middle-aged man’s face was filled with murderous intent. He held the long blade in his hand and slashed at Wang Xian.

“You Beast, let me kill you!”

At this moment, a huge battle broke out at the side. Two so-called holy kings were attacking the Kun.

The Kun’s entire body was gray and its size was abnormally terrifying. Even though they had come from the supernatural realm, it was rare to see such a huge creature.

However, although this huge creature was huge, it looked extremely clumsy.

Its entire body was black, and its huge mouth was filled with countless sharp teeth.

However, they did not show the slightest fear.

A middle-aged man holding a long axe and a young man holding a long sword slashed towards kun.

The long sword was emitting blue lightning rays. The Lightning Rays were corporeal, and with crackling sounds, it reached a hundred meters long.

The incomparable lightning rays slashed towards kun.

However, Kun acted as if he didn’t see it. He moved his body and crashed into kun.

“You’re courting death!”

The middle-aged youth holding the giant axe and Longsword had a look of disdain in his eyes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When their attacks landed on Kun’s body, a ten-meter-long wound instantly appeared.

Their bodies moved, wanting to land on Kun’s body.

However, at the instant they ended their battle with Kun, an unparalleled and terrifying collision came.

In a Kun’s battle, they only relied on close combat. They only had one talent, which was to condense their strength.

Their entire body’s strength could condense into a single point.

Imagine a Kun that was close to 400 meters long. With the strength that erupted from its body, how terrifying would it be when it condensed into the size of a fist?

“Boom!”

Like a comet crashing into Earth, the middle-aged man and the young man’s expressions changed drastically. Their eyes were filled with fear.

“Pu!”

The young man instantly spat out a mouthful of blood, and his body was sent flying far away!

Suppression. Instant suppression.

Whether it was the immortal gods and disciples of the Eastern Immortal sect or the gods of the western divine realm, all of them were dumbstruck, and their faces were filled with shock!