Chapter 891: 0892 was assassinated

Translator: 549690339

“So it was him who killed the daughter of the vice commander of the Horned Shark Academy, the son of Bei Qianjun and Qing Guya!”

“He looks a little unfamiliar. I heard that he was the strongest student in the Demon Hunter Academy’s assessment this time, a prodigy!”

“A prodigy is like a crucian carp crossing the river. He hasn’t grown up and is no different from an ordinary person. This young man is simply courting death!”

“No wonder Wu Dazhuang would deliberately find fault with us. In the future, even if this kid doesn’t leave the holy sea town, he will still be very sullen!”

“Hehe, he killed the children of vice leader of the Dogfish squad. Even if he is in the holy sea town, he might not be safe!”

The sounds of discussion rang out in the demon hunting mercenary group. All the mercenaries watched this scene with smiles on their faces.

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled as he stared at Wu Dazhuang. A hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

“What’s wrong, You Little Bastard? You Want to kill me? See You in the Arena?”

Wu Dazhuang raised his head and looked at him with his nostrils. He said mockingly.

Wang Xian was silent for a moment. He moved away from Wu Dazhuang and left directly from the side.

“Haha, a coward. You Little Bastard, just wait for your death!”

“Are you scared? Today is just the beginning!”

Wu Dazhuang laughed out loud when he saw Wang Xian leaving. He stared at his figure with a twinkle in his eyes and said loudly.

Wang Xian didn’t say anything and walked out directly.

“HMPH!”

Wu Dazhuang saw that Wang Xian was ignoring him. He snorted coldly and walked towards the service counter.

The mercenaries in the hall of the demon hunters mercenary group looked at Wang Xian and the rest leaving curiously. Their eyes were filled with mockery as they shook their heads slightly.

“Dragon King, we’d better leave Shenghai town as soon as possible. Otherwise, there might be other troubles!”

Long Yi frowned and said to Wang Xian.

He nodded his head slowly and felt a little helpless.

After returning to the restaurant he rented, Wang Xian took out the mission stone plate and checked the missions on it.

“I can only check the missions around Shenghai Town? It’s a pity that I can’t see the missions in Donghai Town!”

Wang Xian frowned slightly. He had provoked a few powerful forces in Donghai town, making it difficult for them to advance here. He could only change to another place. Otherwise, it would affect his development.

The Sun gradually set. The entire Shenghai town was unusually lively.

It was late at night before the surroundings quieted down.

Wang Xian was sitting cross-legged in his room and cultivating. The situation was critical now, so he had no choice but to make use of every minute and every second to cultivate.

After an unknown period of time, the surrounding space seemed to have quieted down. There was no sound at all.

At this moment, a figure came in through the gap like a stream of water. Slowly, the stream of water turned into a black shadow.

The Black Shadow looked at Wang Xian who was sitting cross-legged on the bed. His eyes were calm and unperturbed. A dagger appeared in his hand, flickering with a dark glow.

Step by step, he approached Wang Xian silently. He did not reveal the slightest killing intent.

However, what the Black Shadow did not notice was that in a corner of the room, a light spot flashed past.

The black shadow came to the side of Wang Xian’s bed. His face revealed a hint of malevolence as he stabbed the dagger in his hand directly at Wang Xian.

“PFFT!”

The sound of the dagger piercing through flesh and blood rang out. Wang Xian opened his eyes indifferently and looked at the Black Shadow who was staring at him in disbelief.

A claw pierced through his chest from his back and a sickle-like arm cut through his throat, rendering him unable to make any sound.

“Assassin!”

Wang Xian spat out two words slowly. He had sensed it when the black figure entered.

His strange supernatural ability and powerful concealment proved that he was an assassin.

Although fighting was prohibited in the city, the profession of an assassin could be active in the city.

Killing with a single strike would allow one to travel thousands of miles!

“Let’s go and see if there’s anyone monitoring this place!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were cold and filled with frost as he said.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Ao Yao’s voice rang out and disappeared from the room quickly.

“He actually sent an assassin here to kill me directly. Good, good!”

Wang Xian’s eyes were extremely cold. He originally planned to leave this place for the next two days and not fight with them.

However, a middle-aged man was looking for trouble in public during the day and an assassin came to assassinate him at night. He really thought that he was easy to bully!

“Assassin, Assassin!”

Wang Xian mumbled as he stared at the corpse in front of him. His eyes were sparkling.

“Soul Catcher!”

A soul entered his eyes directly and devoured it.

Devouring a soul would consume the memories within the soul. It would take a long time and a lot of time. Under normal circumstances, Wang Xian didn’t want to perform soul catcher.

However, this assassin gave Wang Xian a bold idea.

“Undercurrent assassin organization!”

“The largest assassin organization in star-moon Kingdom!”

Wang Xian closed his eyes and kept looking at the information one by one. As he was filled with a huge amount of memories, beads of cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

“Phew, so this is the assassin organization!”

Wang Xian opened his eyes, his eyes sparkled. “It costs 10,000 middle-grade spiritual stones to assassinate me. Hehe, it’s not cheap. 10,000 middle-grade spiritual stones is equivalent to a transcendent fourth-grade elixir. This is also because of the information they obtained. I’m only at transcendent third-grade.”

“This undercurrent assassin organization is really secretive. They can accept missions with an item similar to a mission stone plate. They are active in the dark. Even the dynasty can’t do anything to them!”

Wang Xian’s eyes sparkled.

“Dragon King, there are two people nearby who are monitoring us. They are not strong!”

Ao Yao returned to his room and reported to Wang Xian.

“Kill them and we will leave the city!”

Wang Xian said directly.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Ao Yao nodded and his figure disappeared immediately. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

With Ao Yao’s current strength, there was a 70% success rate in assassinating a level four transcendent. For those below level four, it was almost a 100% success rate.

His current cultivation had also reached level two transcendent. Assassinating a level two transcendent was a piece of cake.

“Let’s Go!”

Very soon, AO Yaoyao finished off the two people who were monitoring them. Wang Xian had an idea. He called a group of DRAKONIDS and immediately headed out of the city.

It was late at night and the surroundings were extremely quiet. However, there were still people walking around. Wang Xian and the rest successfully left the city.

“Let’s return to the Earth’s Dragon Palace and bring a group of members of the Dragon Palace over!”

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered as he quickly flew towards the entrance of the Dragon Palace.

The growth of the strength of the DRAKONIDS was too slow. He couldn’t use his dragon energy to strengthen them directly, so he could only call the members of the Dragon Palace over.

There wasn’t a need for too many. Ten Golden Swordfish would do.

However, he had to bring more members of the strange demon clan over this time.

In advance, he had to cultivate some light thorn dragon species.

Since it wasn’t safe in the city and the assassins could move around, he had to establish an assassin organization.

With the strange demon clan as the assassins, the rest of the DRAKONIDS would develop information personnel.

He would establish a terrifying assassin organization that could intimidate the entire continent.

In the future, even the DRAKONIDS of this world would dare to assassinate and take all the heads!