Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 907: 0908 target: gold mercenary group

Translator: 549690339

“Who is this kid? How could he take out 8,000,000 middle-grade spirit stones?”

On the street in front of the Phoenix Immortal Shop, shopkeeper Qing asked Dao Hen with an embarrassed expression.

Dao Hen’s eyes flickered with a dark expression, but he didn’t say anything.

“Humph, so what if you take down a huge business? In the future, there will be no place for them in Holy Sea Town!”

Shopkeeper Qing snorted coldly with an embarrassed expression and left angrily.

When the people from the holy item forging workshop saw this scene, they raised their eyebrows and returned to their own shop.

Dao Hen and the rest of the mercenary group also left, leaving behind the passersby who were filled with shock and discussion.

“Mission!”

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was walking towards his residence, opened the mission stone tray and looked at the missions on it.

There were three missions issued by the Fengxian Elixir and weapons workshop. They were: bronze four-star star grass, bronze five-star blood flame stone, and silver five-star Star Sky Wave Grass.

The star grass and sky wave grass were located in the Black Sea area.

The Black Sea area was a place that the mercenary group was very keen to visit.

The Black Sea area was located 60 kilometers away from the shore of Shenghai Zhenhai. There was a ferocious beast living in this sea area, a jellyfish!

It was different from the jellyfish on Earth, but it had a common toxicity.

This kind of toxic paralyzing effect was mostly effective. Once it was hit, it would become the Jellyfish Beast’s food.

The strength of the jellyfish beast ranged from transcendent level 1 to transcendent level 5. The teeth, flesh, and poison sacs in the body of the jellyfish beast were all precious items. Therefore, many mercenary groups came here to hunt the jellyfish.

Because of the influx of large numbers of mercenary groups, the transcendent rank 2 and rank 3 detoxification pills quickly ran out.

The lack of detoxification pills resulted in fewer mercenary groups entering the Black Sea area.

And with fewer mercenary groups, naturally, the ingredients for detoxification pills and other spiritual herbs growing in the Black Sea area became more difficult to obtain, resulting in the current situation where detoxification pills were rare.

Even all the pill stores in the entire holy sea town did not have the detoxification pill.

This was also the reason why the life and Death Pill Workshop had made an early move after learning that the sand sea mercenary group had obtained the Heaven Billow grass.

“Currently, a group of DRAKONIDS has gone to other towns to develop the market of the dragon assassin organization. If we want to increase our strength in a short period of time, we’ll need other methods!”

“The fastest way to complete a mission is to devour the aquatic creatures. At the same time, we can complete the mission and obtain resources. Killing two birds with one stone!”

Wang Xian was deep in thought as he searched for all the missions related to the Black Sea.

Currently, he still had a system mission that he had yet to complete. That was to upgrade to a silver mercenary group.

Upon upgrading to a silver mercenary group, one would obtain extraordinary items randomly.

After returning to their residence, a group of members of the Dragon Palace were cultivating in the courtyard.

The strength of the Golden Swordfish clan was much weaker compared to the Thorn Dragon.

The only thing they could do now was to fight a powerhouse one level higher than them.

Out of the eleven Golden Swordfish, only ao Jian and two or three others had reached the third level of extraordinary while the rest were at the second level of extraordinary.

Wang Xian entered the room and swallowed all the elixirs into his stomach, turning them into dragon crystals.

Nearly seven thousand dragon crystals. It’s a little more than I expected

Wang Xian thought to himself and immediately called the group of strange demons over.

The strange demons had evolved into the light-pricking dragon species. They could assassinate enemies that were two levels higher than them. Wang Xian had to raise their strength first.

Very soon, when Wang Xian upgraded all the strange demons to extraordinary level 3, he spent a total of 3,900 dragon crystals! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

It was a huge deviation from their budget. He thought that he could create an extraordinary level 4, but in the end, he didn’t have enough dragon crystals.

To upgrade a strange demon to extraordinary level 4, he needed 3,000 dragon crystals!

Hence, the remaining 2,000 dragon crystals were used to upgrade all the golden swordfish to extraordinary level 3!

Although it was a huge deviation from the budget, it was totally worth it.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across the group of Dragon Palace members and revealed a smile.

Within a short period of time, there were 32 Dragon Palace members including Ao Jianao.

Golden Swordfish, 11 of them were at transcendent-level 3!

Strange Demon, 20 of them were at transcendent-level 3, and one of them was at transcendent-level 4!

Wang Xian’s strength was at transcendent-level 3.

This was his entire force at the moment. Due to the uniqueness of the Divine Dragon bloodline, they had the ability to fight against opponents of a higher level.

Ao demon, who was the strongest, could fight against a level seven extraordinaire.

Wang Xian, on the other hand, could fight against a level six extraordinaire.

A group of light spikes could fight against a level five extraordinaire.

Golden Swordfish could fight against a level four extraordinaire!

This force was extremely strong in Shenghai town. It could definitely be ranked in the top five.

“Let’s go. Let’s go and carry out our mission. The Dragon Assassin organization has already become famous in Shenghai town. Next, it’s time for the Fairy Phoenix Mercenary Group!”

The corners of Wang Xian’s mouth curled up slightly as he led the group of members of the Dragon Palace out.

The dogfish mercenary group had been annihilated. Bei Qianjun and Qinggu Cliff had also been assassinated. Now, there were no more obstacles in Shenghai town.

The group walked out of the city.

“Eh, is that the young man?”

However, just as Wang Xian reached the door, a surprised voice came from the side.

Wang Xian’s heart stirred slightly as he looked to the side.

Race: Human

Good and evil:-15

Strength: level five extraordinary

Weakness: the second rib on the waist, eyes

His gaze landed on a middle-aged man. Instantly, a figure appeared in his mind.

The ability of the Dark Fire Dragon Eye was an extremely powerful ability.

Through the Dark Fire Dragon Eye, he was able to see a person’s good and evil.

Good and evil came from the ability of the heart of Light and darkness.

Being able to see a person’s strength came from the ability of the eye of the Heavenly Dragon.

Being able to see a person’s weakness came from the ability of the piercing pupil.

All sorts of abilities overlapped together, forming the powerful eye technique of today.

There were more than ten people beside the middle-aged man. They were fully armed and were also walking towards the wilderness. Obviously, they were also carrying out a mission.

On their chests, there was a badge.

Mirage sea mercenary group, 5-star silver rank!

“It’s that young man from this morning who took out eight million!”

Beside the middle-aged man, a young man’s eyes flickered as he said in a low voice.

“That’s right. However, from the looks of it, they seem to have left the city. A 2-star bronze rank mercenary group, hehehe!”

A skinny woman licked her lips and tightened her grip on the saber.

“Captain and the rest are looking for information on this young man now. Hehe, let’s go. Let’s follow them!”

The middle-aged man in the middle had a greedy look on his face as he said softly.

Wang Xian sensed the gazes of everyone. He smiled and continued to walk out.

“As long as you dare to come over, I will make you into the nourishment of the dragon pool!”

Wang Xian thought to himself. He walked straight out of the city gate and flew towards the Black Sea.

His speed was not very fast, and he did not hide anything at all.

Wang Xian could easily notice a group of more than ten people following behind him.

Forty minutes later, Wang Xian and the rest arrived at a sea area. The sea water was ink-colored with some weak toxins!

This sea area was the edge of the Black Sea. The entire Black Sea area occupied an area of 70 to 80 kilometers!