Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 917: 0918 sneak attack

Translator: 549690339

The Celestial Phoenix mercenary group!

When Wang Xian descended with one move of the tree world, one move of the spirit enchantment, and the final mass of wood fire burial, his formidable strength and dual-attribute talent instantly shocked everyone in the entire holy sea town.

Genius, Heaven’s pride, evildoer...

In everyone’s eyes, he was even more evildoer than evildoer.

“What kind of mercenary group is the Celestial Phoenix mercenary group? Why haven’t I heard of it before?”

“Strong, too strong. The other 11 members of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group are all at transcendent level four. The 12 of them have killed at least 10,000 ferocious beasts. This is simply heaven-defying!”

“That young man looks young but he possesses such strength. He might be able to become a powerhouse above transcendence in the future!”

Everyone looked at Wang Xian, the Golden Swordfish, and the rest in astonishment. Their faces were filled with disbelief.

With just twelve people, they had killed more than 10,000 ferocious beasts. Among them, there were a few beasts that were at transcendent level five and transcendent level four. They were so powerful that they were almost heaven-defying.

Only the two or three mercenary groups in Shenghai town could achieve such a feat.

Wang Xian’s name was completely known in Shenghai town during this battle. The Celestial Phoenix mercenary group could also be considered to have officially stepped onto the stage of the supernatural continent.

“Hehe!”

Listening to the discussions and shock of the people around him, Wang Xian smiled faintly. The strength that he displayed now was less than one-tenth of his peak strength.

Even if he revealed some of his strength, it wouldn’t affect him in the slightest.

“Continue, kill!”

Wang Xian didn’t stop and continued to attack the surroundings.

This was a rare opportunity. After the monster siege this time, the Celestial Phoenix mercenary group had a high chance of being upgraded to gold-rank.

In addition, the tens of thousands of ferocious beasts’corpses belonged to them.

A transcendent level five demonic beast’s corpse was worth 50,000 medium-grade spirit stones. If they killed dozens of them, they could earn a few million spirit stones.

When that time came, their strength would be upgraded once again.

“This is too ferocious! After two rounds of casting, they are still so powerful!”

Seeing Wang Xian attack again, the people around were shocked.

“Even if I cast all my spells, it won’t consume too much of my energy!”

Wang Xian smiled. He waved the vines in his hands rapidly and killed the ferocious beasts one by one.

“Leader, this person is not... not someone we can provoke!”

At the back, the few young men beside the long-haired young man, who had provoked Wang Xian last night, were looking at Wang Xian’s figure with pale faces as they spoke to the long-haired young man in fear.

“As long as he doesn’t provoke us, we won’t provoke them either!”

The long-haired young man spoke with a guilty expression. When he recalled his taunting just now, his expression turned extremely ugly.

The other party’s strength could completely crush him. He would never have thought that there would be such a monstrous young man in such a small holy sea town.

“What a strong Kid!”

On top of the city wall, Jin Qianyuan looked at Wang Xian’s figure in astonishment.

To be able to reach extraordinary fourth or fifth level at such a young age, he was a top-notch existence in the entire kingdom. Furthermore, the other party had dual attributes. This was somewhat heaven-defying.

“If this kid doesn’t perish, his future is limitless!”

The President of the hiring association was also staring at Wang Xian with a twinkle in his eyes.

...

“Supervisor Yi, it’s that young man who spent more than nine million middle-grade spirit stones on our Phoenix Immortal!”

At this moment, in an area of the city wall, manager Liu stood beside a woman and pointed at Wang Xian who was in the middle of a battle.

“The Celestial Phoenix mercenary group? Do you know where he came from? Why did he help us, Phoenix Immortal?”

The woman was about 1.8 meters tall and had a good figure. She stared at Wang Xian with a twinkle in her eyes and asked curiously.

“I don’t know. He seems to be from another place!”

Manager Liu shook his head and hesitated for a moment before continuing, “But I feel that he seems to have some connection with us, Phoenix Immortal.”

“To be able to support us under the threat of the two big mercenary groups in holy sea town, there must be some connection. I just don’t know the exact reason!”

The woman’s face revealed a thoughtful expression. “But no matter what, since the other party has helped us, we should also be on good terms with him. In the future, when he buys medicinal pills, he will give us a 20% discount!”

“Yes, manager Yi!”

Shopkeeper Liu nodded.

“Right now, the weapons and elixirs workshops in all our places are being suppressed by the life and death elixir workshops and the biological weapons workshops. Holy Sea town is considered to be quite lucky!”

The woman muttered, “This time, we came at the right time. We encountered monsters attacking the city, so we can sell some of the elixirs we brought!”

“Haha, fifteen transcendent Tier 6 goldfish. The rest are not allowed to attack. Leave it to me!”

In the middle of the battlefield, a maniacal laughter suddenly erupted.

At the very front, Dao Hen held a long knife with a maniacal smile on his face as he charged forward.

Over there was the leader of the golden knife fish, fifteen transcendent level six ferocious beasts.

As long as he killed these fifteen transcendent level six golden knife fish, it was only a matter of time before he killed the rest.

Dao Hen dashed forward. The rest did not dare to follow him. In the entire battlefield, only Dao Hen was at level 7 transcendence.

The rest of the mercenary groups continued to clean up the golden anchovies.

In half an hour, only a few hundred thousand golden anchovies were left.

“What a strong Kid!”

On the other side of the battlefield, the leader of the Mirage Sea mercenary group, Xiu Qianshan, was killing the golden anchovies. From time to time, he would look at Wang Xian who was slaughtering everyone.

The strength that Wang Xian displayed shocked him.

However, the more he did so, the stronger the killing intent in his heart.

“I can’t wait any longer. I have to get rid of this brat. Otherwise, Han Shan’s death will be in vain!”

Xiu Qianshan’s eyes were extremely cold. He gritted his teeth and made up his mind!

The battle was ongoing, and the slaughter was also ongoing. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Xian didn’t know how many goldfish he had killed. Each time he attacked, more than ten goldfish would die immediately.

These low-level goldfish didn’t have any strength left to resist Wang Xian’s attacks. They didn’t dare to resist either.

In fact, Wang Xian possessed the might of the dragon. Once he used it, 80% of the ferocious beasts on the battlefield would be under his control.

After all, goldfish belonged to the aquatic race. Most of their strength was below level three of the supernatural realm.

If he really used the might of the dragon, it would be a little shocking!

“Dragon King, be careful!”

At this moment, a reminder entered his ears.

Wang Xian’s expression changed slightly. His eyes that were emitting light swept behind him.

Whoosh

Sneak Attack!

Wang Xian’s expression changed drastically. A flash of coldness flashed across his eyes. His body moved, and his dragon’s might covered a radius of a thousand meters.

Buzz Buzz Buzz

He hurriedly dodged to the back. Around him, many golden machete fish of transcendent level 1 and 2 were attacking that figure.

“Damn golden mackerel, I was actually discovered!”

Xiu Qianshan’s expression changed slightly. He swept the longsword in his hand, directly killing the golden mackerel that was charging at him!