Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 927: 0928 slaughtered casually?

Translator: 549690339

Outside the eastern gate of Shenghai town, there were fresh blood and corpses everywhere.

The entire battlefield was silent.

When Dao Hen and his men stared coldly at the people from the Celestial Phoenix mercenary group not far away, some people on the city wall noticed it.

“PA PA!”

Dao Hen led his men and walked slowly towards Wang Xian and the rest.

When their feet stepped on the blood on the ground, they made a special sound.

“What are the people from Dao Hen’s mercenary group going to do?”

“HMM? They are heading towards the direction of the Immortal Phoenix Mercenary Group? What are they going to do?”

On the city wall, the mercenary group and the city guards looked at the location below in astonishment.

Why was Dao Hen’s mercenary group going to the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group?

“Blade Scar and the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group have a conflict. Do you think it’s possible?”

An old man widened his eyes and guessed with a surprised look.

“Don’t tell me they’re going to destroy the Immortal Phoenix Mercenary Group!”

“It’s possible. The Immortal Phoenix mercenary group is recklessly participating in the conflict between the three big shops. Maybe the leader of the blade scar mercenary group is going to destroy them!”

“It shouldn’t be possible. Their hatred hasn’t reached such a level, has it?”

The surrounding people revealed a surprised expression.

“Haha, Our Regiment Commander Naturally wants to kill that arrogant brat!”

At this moment, on the city wall, more than ten members of the blade scar mercenary group laughed loudly. They said loudly with smiles on their faces, without the slightest bit of taboo.

“What? This brother of the Blade Scar, Regiment Commander Blade Scar really wants to kill that young man!”

Everyone was slightly shocked and quickly asked.

“Of course. A reckless kid. Killing him is like killing an ant. Let’s Go Too!”

More than ten knife scar mercenary group members slightly raised their heads and showed cold disdain on their faces.

They jumped and directly flew down.

“Knife scar mercenary group really wants to kill that young man?”

“It’s over, the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group is going to be finished. What Genius, what monster, they are all going to fall!”

Some people looked down with a look of amusement.

“Big Brother, should we go over? If we help the blade scar mercenary group, maybe the leader of the blade scar mercenary group can let us in directly!”

“Second brother is right. Hehe, if the leader of the blade scar mercenary group really wants to destroy the immortal Phoenix mercenary group, we might be able to leave a good impression on the leader of the blade scar mercenary group!”

The two burly middle-aged men whispered to each other. Then, they flew out of the city.

“Let’s go. Commander Dao Hen wants to destroy the immortal Phoenix. If we help him, we might be able to join them!”

The Warriors had also thought of this. They rolled their eyes and flew down.

In an instant, more than 30 people flew towards the back of the knife scar mercenary group.

“Not good, supervisor Yi. The Knife Scar mercenary group wants to harm Commander Wang and the others!”

At this moment, on the city wall, shopkeeper Liu, who had been watching the city battle, changed his expression and hurriedly said to the woman beside him.

“Commander Wang and the others are not strong enough to deal with the experts of the knife scar mercenary group. It’s going to be troublesome!”

The woman’s expression changed slightly as her eyes sparkled.

“Let me go over. It’s only a few hundred meters away from the Holy Sea Town!”

The woman thought for a moment and said. Her strength was at transcendent level seven. It was sufficient for her to bring Wang Xian and the rest into the city.

“TSK tsk, supervisor Yi, do you want to go over personally?”

At this moment, a mocking voice suddenly came from the side. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The woman’s expression changed slightly, and she hurriedly turned her head.

A middle-aged man, who looked very refined, was holding a metal fan in his hand, and he was staring at her with a smile on his face.

The shopkeeper of the holy item forging workshop stood at the side.

“This kid destroyed our cooperative mercenary group in Holy Sea Town. TSK TSK, if you want to make a move, then I can only make a move!”

The middle-aged man opened his fan and said with a smile on his face.

The woman’s expression changed and instantly sank.

“Today, that Kid Must Die. No one can save him!”

Another voice came from behind. Shopkeeper Qing of the life and Death Pill workshop swayed her pretty body as she walked over. She glanced at the woman and looked down at the city.

“I didn’t expect supervisor Yi to personally come to this small place, holy sea town. Hehe, supervisor Yi, enjoy it!”

She looked down with a smile, her eyes full of mockery and pride.

Seeing the life and Death Pill Workshop and the Holy Item Forging workshop coming over, the woman knew that it would be difficult for her to make a move this time.

She looked down with an embarrassed expression.

This young man who was on good terms with them was probably doomed!

“That kid is going to die!”

At this time, the long-haired young man who was standing in the middle and next to them looked down with excitement and said joyfully.

“His strength is very, very strong, far surpassing ours. It would be a pity if he died like this!”

Jin Liuyan frowned as she looked at that figure.

After three waves of siege, the figure of him slaughtering everyone in the area caused her to be extremely shocked.

Among the younger generation, there might not be a second person in the entire kingdom who could achieve such a feat and possess such strength.

A truly peerless genius.

Jin Qianyuan, who had returned, watched this scene indifferently and paid no attention to it.

“With so many people going down, it seems that they want to leave a good impression on Commander Dao Hen!”

“The Immortal Phoenix mercenary group is dead for sure this time. Just as the members of the Dao Hen mercenary group said, killing them is as easy as squashing an ant!”

“A young man who had just shaken the entire holy sea town, and a newly risen mercenary group was instantly annihilated. What bad luck. It’s better to keep a low profile!”

As he saw the experts leaving one by one, some mocking voices sounded on the city wall.

When the people from the knife scar mercenary group looked in their direction, Wang Xian sensed it.

When he saw that they were holding weapons in their hands and their eyes were filled with contempt, he raised his eyebrows and a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

Wang Xian didn’t move. He watched quietly as the people from the knife scar mercenary group walked up to them. Ao Jian and the others followed beside him.

“Captain Knife Scar, we are here to help you!”

“Captain Knife Scar, we want to join the knife scar mercenary group. Hehe!”

The members of the knife scar mercenary group stopped and looked at Wang Xian and the rest with a mocking expression on their faces.

Hearing the voices from behind, the members of the knife scar mercenary group revealed proud smiles on their faces.

In shenghai town, their knife scar mercenary group was the king of the hiring world.

With a single order, even other mercenary groups would obey it!

“Kid, you destroyed the people from the mirage sea mercenary group and recklessly participated in something that you are not qualified to participate in. Since you guys are courting death, I, Knife Scar, can only kill you casually!”

Knife Scar looked at Wang Xian and the rest and grinned. He bared his teeth and said with a smile.

“Killing casually?”

When Wang Xian heard Dao Hen’s words, he smiled too!