Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 933: 0934’s strength increased greatly

Translator: 549690339

Under the respectful gazes of all the mercenary groups, Wang Xian walked out from the city guard.

Following that, Wang Xian walked towards the location of the Demon Hunter mercenary group.

Killing ferocious beasts was to gain points. The points exchanged from the ferocious beasts in Wang Xian’s interspatial ring were enough for the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group to be upgraded to gold-grade.

As for the gold-grade stars, he wasn’t very clear.

When they entered the demon hunters mercenary group, the hall was filled with members of the mercenary group.

Wang Xian’s arrival immediately attracted the attention of many people.

Just like the time when they were at the city guard office, everyone greeted Wang Xian and the rest respectfully and made way for them.

Even though Celestial Phoenix had yet to upgrade to gold-grade mercenary group, all the members of the mercenary group still respectfully allowed Wang Xian and the rest to come to the front.

In the current Shenghai Town, no one dared to provoke immortal Phoenix.

The violent personality that Wang Xian displayed back then made many people fearful.

If he really offended the immortal phoenix mercenary group, he might be exterminated by Immortal Phoenix when he left the city in the future.

This was not impossible. On the contrary, such a thing was very common in the mercenary group world.

“Captain Wang, please show us the Certificate of the City Guard Department. We also want to take a look at the carcass of the ferocious beast in the interspatial ring!”

The staff of the mercenary group said to Wang Xian with a smile on his face.

“Okay!”

Wang Xian nodded and passed all the items over.

“Guess how many beasts did the immortal Phoenix mercenary group Kill Yesterday?”

“At least 7,000 to 8,000!”

“Guess what? We’ll know soon enough!”

At this moment, the Hall of the mercenary group was extremely quiet. Everyone was staring at the spot in front of them.

“A total of 13,40,6,231 transcendents at level one, 3,120 transcendents at level two, and 1,090 transcendents at level four...”

The staff member said with a smile, “Congratulations, Commander Wang. Including the mission to defend the city that you guys took yesterday, your mercenary group has been directly upgraded from 3-star silver to 2-star Gold!”

“Hiss, 2-star Gold! My goodness, it has been upgraded by a whole level!”

“With the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group, 2-star Gold is not surprising. Even without the monster siege yesterday, the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group would be able to upgrade to gold soon!”

“Amazing! I heard that the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group was established less than half a month ago!”

“It’s so frustrating to compare people!”

Sounds of envy could be heard. Soon, the staff changed the badge of the Celestial Phoenix mercenary group to a golden one.

The bright golden badge had the words “Celestial Phoenix mercenary group”written on it. It looked very eye-catching and cool.

Wang Xian was very satisfied with the badge of the mercenary group.

“Let’s go back!”

Wang Xian said to the members of the Dragon Palace.

“Let’s go back. This time, we’re not going back to the residence of the holy sea town. We’re going back to the Dragon Palace!”

More than 10,000 corpses of ferocious beasts could be upgraded even if Wang Xian devoured all of them.

These more than 10,000 corpses of ferocious beasts could upgrade the strength of the Dragon Palace.

They walked out of the city. Once they were out of the city, Wang Xian and the rest quickly flew toward the passage.

The improvement in their cultivation made their speed much faster than before.

In less than half an hour, Wang Xian and the rest arrived at the bottom of the sea.

There were many giant squid, two-headed giant squid, and three-headed giant squid living in this sea area.

With Wang Xian’s current strength, he could already clean up the giant squid here.

However, Wang Xian did not make a move. These giant squid were able to better conceal the passageway.

When he arrived at the passageway, Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace directly.

“Phew!”

When he stepped into the Dragon Palace, a surge of rich spiritual energy entered Wang Xian’s body.

“The Dragon Palace is still the most comfortable place. The spiritual energy in the Dragon Palace is more than ten times that of the transcendence continent. To the people of the transcendence continent, the Dragon Palace is also a holy land for cultivation!”

Wang Xian entered the Dragon Palace and took a deep breath.

If he wasn’t able to devour other water creatures to increase his strength quickly, Wang Xian wouldn’t have left the Dragon Palace at all. His cultivation speed in the dragon palace was much faster than that of the transcendence continent.

“Dragon King!”

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui flew over and spoke to Wang Xian respectfully. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“HMM, where are Shu qingyue and the rest?”

Wang Xian asked Prime Minister Gui directly.

“Dragon King, the Dragon Queens have been cultivating since you left. They have yet to wake up!”

Prime Minister Gui replied directly.

Guan Shuqing and the rest thought that Wang Xian had left for at least a year. They did not expect him to come twice in half a month.

They had only been in closed-door cultivation for more than ten days. It was not very long.

“HMM!”

Wang Xian nodded. “Summon the strongest strange demon and Golden Swordfish to the Dragon Pool!”

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Wang Xian came to the side of the Dragon Pool and took out his interspatial rings.

Bang! Bang! Bang

The corpses of the ferocious beasts were placed on the ground and were quickly absorbed by the Dragon Pool.

Splash

A large amount of dragon blood gushed out from the mouths of the nine divine dragons that were entrenched on the dragon pillars beside the Dragon Pool.

Wang Xian smiled and said to Ao Jian and the golden swordfish, “Ao Jian, all of you go down and increase your strength by one level before coming out!”

“It’s the Dragon King!”

The energy required for the Golden Swordfish to increase its level was much less than that of Ao Yao and the rest.

Since the strange demon had evolved into a light spike, the amount of dragon blood required for each level-up was much more than that of the Golden Swordfish.

If they were to use dragon crystals, they would be able to level up with 600 to 700 dragon crystals.

However, in terms of combat strength, they were much weaker than the strange demon.

A golden swordfish at transcendent level 4 could only fight against a deviant demon at transcendent level 3 by 50-50!

Soon, 10 deviant demons and 10 golden swordfish arrived.

The strength of these deviant demons and golden swordfish were at the level of a superior immortal.

Wang Xian allowed them to enter the Dragon Pool to absorb dragon blood for cultivation. He also raised Prime Minister Gui’s strength to transcendent level 3.

After consuming more than 10,000 ferocious beast corpses, the corpses of the saber scar mercenary group and The Mirage Sea mercenary group were absorbed by the Dragon Pool.

“Ao Yao, go down. The energy gathered from their corpses is enough to increase your strength!”

Wang Xian ordered Ao Yao.

Now that Ao Yao’s strength had increased to level 4 transcendence and level 5 transcendence, he was able to assassinate a level 8 transcendence.

This was the terrifying aspect of the dragon spike, which was comparable to a divine dragon.

“Yes, Dragon King!”

There was one level 7 transcendence corpse, two level 6 transcendence corpses, and nine level 5 transcendence corpses. These corpses were sufficient for ao Yao to advance to the next level, and there was even quite a bit of energy left.

“Two more strange demons to advance to level four supernatural realm!”

Wang Xian continued to command.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Soon, more than 30 members of the Dragon Palace were entrenched in the Dragon Pool.

After they came out again, the strength of his subordinates would be doubled.

“In the future, I can’t allow the resources I obtain to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace every time. I have to let them hunt ferocious beasts!”

Wang Xian scanned the entire dragon palace.

The strength of most of the members of the Dragon Palace were at the level of Immortals on Earth. There were not many lower, middle, and upper immortals.

If he, Ao Yao, and the rest were to rely on themselves, their cultivation speed would be reduced.

If they wanted to increase their strength quickly, they would be free to enter the ocean of the supernatural continent and hunt ferocious beasts!