Chapter 934: 0935 gold four-star mission

Translator: 549690339

“Dragon King!”

A day later, a group of more than 40 members of the Dragon Palace came out from the dragon pool and stood in front of Wang Xian as they greeted him respectfully.

Including the strange demons who did not enter the dragon pool, there were a total of about 50 of them.

Including Ao Jian, 21 Golden Swordfish, 11 transcendents at level four, and 10 transcendents at level two.

31 strange demons and Ao demons were level 5 transcendents. They had evolved into dragon-pricking dragons and were comparable to level 8 transcendents.

Two were level 4 transcendents, 18 were level 3 and 10 were level 2 transcendents.

Now, this was all of Wang Xian’s strength.

This was a huge improvement. Compared to not long ago, it was more than double.

“In Shenghai town, other than the mayor, Jin Qianyuan, even the president of the Demon Hunters Association is not afraid!”

A smile appeared on Wang Xian’s face.

“Prime Minister Gui!”

Wang Xian shouted at Prime Minister Gui.

“Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui bowed.

“The improvement of the strength of the Dragon Palace is still too slow. Now, there are 20 new members of the Dragon Palace who are at Supernatural Stage 2. Organize them to enter the sea of the supernatural continent through the passage and start hunting!”

“We must not let anyone discover the existence of the passage. Increase the strength of the members of the Dragon Palace as soon as possible!”

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui.

“It’s the Dragon King. I will immediately come up with a plan to increase the strength of the Dragon Palace!”

Prime Minister Gui appraised the plan.

“Alright, try to avoid any losses!”

Wang Xian nodded his head and swept his gaze across Ao Jian and Ao Yao. “Let’s return to the transcendence continent!”

Ao Jian and Ao Yao nodded their heads and followed closely behind Wang Xian to return to the transcendence continent through the passageway.

There are only a little more than ten days left before the Demon Hunters Academy starts its semester. Get Ready and enter Donghai City

Wang Xian was deep in thought when he returned to the town of Shenghai.

Donghai city was a big city near the sea. It was ten times the size of Shenghai Town and was close to the endless sea.

Compared to Shenghai town, the surroundings of Donghai City were safer. However, there were many dangerous places at a certain distance from Donghai city to the sea.

The development of a place was often related to the resources in the surroundings.

Ferocious beasts hunted humans, and humans hunted ferocious beasts as well.

If there were more ferocious beasts in some places, it would be easy to hunt them. Naturally, people would be attracted to that place very quickly.

Danger and fortuitous encounters accompanied it. In a place that was too comfortable, there would not be any strong people.

Wang Xian was destined to leave Shenghai town and head to Donghai City to develop.

“Dragon King!”

When Wang Xian arrived at his residence, a group of drakonids were waiting inside.

Upon seeing him, they rushed over to welcome him.

“HMM? How is it?”

Wang Xian asked them directly.

The group of Drakonids went to other towns to develop the business of the Dragon Assassin organization.

“Dragon King, we went to Qiao Lin Town. That town is slightly bigger than Shenghai town. Now that we have found the spy, we are only waiting for you to control them, Dragon King!”

“Also, with the achievements of the dragon assassin organization in Shenghai town, it should be very easy to enter Qiao Lin Town!”

Long Yi reported to Wang Xian respectfully.

“Qiao Lin Town? If that’s the case, let Ao Yao and the rest make a trip there.”

Wang Xian thought for a moment and said directly.

The assassin organization was very profitable. In shenghai town, they earned close to ten million middle-grade spirit stones in just a few days.

Bridge Forest Town was bigger than holy sea town, so the commission they earned would definitely not be less than that of holy sea town.

More than ten million middle-grade spirit stones was equivalent to seven to eight thousand dragon crystals. It could allow at least two strange demons to advance to transcendent level four.

If they were to encounter a mission to assassinate a transcendent level seven, the reward would be even more terrifying!

“It’s the Dragon King!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The group of DRAKONIDS, Ao Yao, and the rest nodded.

Wang Xian took out the mission stone plate and looked for a location to hunt the ferocious beasts so that he could improve his strength as soon as possible.

“Eh? The mission in the holy sea town is obviously much more than the previous two days, especially the escort mission!”

Wang Xian revealed a curious look on his face.

“5-star Silver Mission: escort the Hanlin caravan to Donghai city and accept the conditions of the mission. At least a 3-star silver mercenary group!”

“1-star Gold Mission: Escort Beihua town in front of Tian Lan caravan and accept the conditions of the mission. At least a 4-star silver-star mercenary group!”

“When I entered the city earlier, I saw many merchants coming to Shenghai town. It must be due to the siege of the city by the Monsters!”

Wang Xian thought to himself.

After the siege of the city by the monsters, the carcasses of the ferocious beasts were left behind everywhere. These carcasses were a huge fortune.

The holy sea town could not consume so many corpses of the ferocious beasts. Therefore, there would be merchants who would come to purchase them or merchants from the holy sea town who would purchase them before going to another place to sell them.

“Moreover, after the monsters attacked the city, there were almost no ferocious beasts in the lair of the monsters. At this time, entering the lair would allow me to easily obtain a large amount of spiritual herbs.”

Wang Xian thought to himself as his gaze landed on a mission.

4-star Gold Mission: Escort the starship merchant team to bridge forest town. Due to the urgency of the time, they had to pass through the Bridge Forest Beast Park!

“A mission for Bridge Forest Town?”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. “A 4-star gold mission. Furthermore, it’s a mission for bridge forest town. Why Don’t I accept this mission and make a trip to bridge forest town as well?”

Wang Xian knocked on the table beside him and stood up.

“Let’s go to Bridgewood town together!”

He said directly to the group of Drakonids and Ao Yao.

“HMM? Alright, Dragon King!”

Everyone nodded their heads.

“Let’s go to the Hiring Association First!”

The escort mission could not be accepted directly on the mission stone plate. One had to obtain the approval of the caravan before they could accept the mission.

The reward of the mission could be negotiated again.

Wang Xian and the rest walked out and headed straight to the location of the Mercenary Association.

As they had stayed in the Dragon Palace for a day, there were suddenly many more people at the entrance of the Mercenary Association.

There were even more merchants dressed in luxurious clothes than the warriors of the Mercenary Association.

The siege of the city by the monsters had made many mercenary groups rich. They were prepared to rest for a period of time. As a result, the number of mercenary groups that accepted the mission was only half of their usual number.

Many merchant groups were prepared to hire powerful mercenary groups to head to another city.

There were many merchant groups gathered at the entrance. Some of the merchant groups even held up signs with the words ‘Mercenary Mission’written on them.

Wang Xian walked straight inside. The merchant groups that could issue gold-grade missions would not be at the entrance.

A four-star gold-grade mission required one to face an extraordinary sixth-grade ferocious beast at the very least.

The reward for the mission alone was six million middle-grade spirit stones.

There would not be more than five mercenary groups that could accept such a mission in Shenghai Town.

Wang Xian entered the hall of the Demon Hunters Association and immediately saw a very eye-catching caravan.

There were five middle-aged and young men dressed in luxurious clothes. There was a signboard in front of them with a mission written on it.

Many mercenary groups could only leave helplessly after taking a glance at it.

The reward was very generous, but they were not qualified to accept this mission.

Wang Xian took a glance and walked straight over.