Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 941: 0942 was not the dragon that crossed the river

Translator: 549690339

“This... ?”

Everyone was stunned.

Funeral goods!

Wreaths!

They were placed right next to the main gate of the Lin family mansion, and there were even names written on them. It was the same as the funeral goods that were usually given to family and friends when someone died.

However, this was not what was shocking. What was shocking was the names on the wreaths.

Elder Lin of the Lin family naturally referred to the strongest person in the Lin family, a terrifying existence at transcendent-level rank 8.

The president of the bridge forest business association was naturally the current head of the Lin family, an expert at level six of the supernatural realm.

Could it be that all the pillars of the Lin family had died?

This made everyone feel a little incredulous.

How was this possible?

However, when they recalled the furious roar last night, everyone revealed a hint of surprise and doubt on their faces. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Could it be that elder Lin of the Lin family was really dead?

Was the president of the Bridge Forest Business Association really dead?

Everyone turned to look at the few guards of the Lin family.

When the few guards saw the wreaths placed by Wang Xian, their expressions changed drastically. Especially when they saw the words on the wreaths, their expressions turned gloomy instantly.

“Kid, are you F * cking courting death? !”

A middle-aged guard roared and walked towards Wang Xian with a face full of anger. His body was exuding a terrifying murderous aura.

“Eh? What’s wrong? Could it be that I gave you the wrong gift? Could it be that the pillar of the Lin family, the president of the Bridge Forest Business Association, is still alive?”

Wang Xian turned his head with a smile and stared at the middle-aged man who was walking towards him with a mocking expression.

“How... How did you know?”

When the middle-aged man heard Wang Xian’s words, his expression changed drastically. He stared at Wang Xian coldly.

“What’s going on? What the hell are all of you gathered here for? Get lost!”

At this moment, an angry roar came from the entrance again.

Everyone was shocked and quickly looked towards the entrance of the Lin family mansion.

“It’s Lin Feng, the son of the president of the Bridge Forest Business Association and the future successor of the Bridge Forest Business Association!”

“Look at Lin Feng’s red eyes. That young man might be real!”

“Hiss, how did that young man know that the pillar of the Lin family and the president of the Bridge Forest Business Association had died?”

Everyone around subconsciously took a few steps back and whispered when they saw Lin Feng.

Lin Feng’s blood-red eyes swept across the surroundings. When he saw the funeral wreath beside him, he was instantly enraged.

“Who did this?”

A roar came from his mouth.

“I gave it to you. How is it? Aren’t you very loyal?”

When Wang Xian saw Lin Feng’s expression, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he walked towards him slowly.

Everyone looked at Wang Xian in shock as he walked over. He actually dared to directly provoke the future heir of the Lin Family!

“It’s you...”

When Lin Feng saw Wang Xian, his eyes revealed endless coldness.

“It’s me!”

Wang Xian walked up to the young man and said with a smile.

“You hired the assassin of the dragon Spike!”

Lin Feng suddenly glared at him and roared. His face was extremely ferocious as though he was a devil that was devouring people!

“Haha, ever since the Celestial Phoenix mercenary group was established, we have destroyed the mirage sea mercenary group and the Saber scar mercenary group. No one has dared to take our commission. You guys are the first. In that case, you will have to bear our revenge!”

Wang Xian laughed out loud and stared at Lin Feng with a smile. “Today is just the beginning!”

“It’s really you!”

Lin Feng clenched his fists tightly and was about to attack Wang Xian.

However, the guards at the side quickly stopped him. A look of shock flashed across their eyes.

“This is the price you have to pay for taking one million middle-grade spirit stones!”

Wang Xian smiled and turned around to leave.

“I’m going to kill you. If My Lin family doesn’t kill you, I swear I won’t be a human!”

Lin Feng roared furiously.

Wang Xian smiled faintly and walked into the restaurant slowly.

Everyone around was shocked. They looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief.

“This... It’s really the dragon sting. Oh My God, the strongest person in the Lin family, the president of the Bridge Forest Business Association, has been assassinated. Oh My God!”

“Who is that young man? How dare he fight the Lin family directly? And what he said, there’s an inexplicable domineering air about him!”

“The badge on his chest is the president of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group. He’s the leader of a two-star gold mercenary group. I don’t know about the mirage sea mercenary group, but I do know about the saber scar mercenary group. The Saber scar mercenary group is the most powerful mercenary group in Holy Sea Town. The leader of the Saber Scar Group is at transcendent seventh rank. I didn’t expect that they would destroy the saber scar mercenary group. Oh My God!”

“This time, the Lin family has met a tough nut to crack. The Lin family must have taken advantage of their own power to take the commission of one million middle-grade spirit stones from the other party. In the end, the other party directly hired a dragon assassin to take revenge!”

“F * ck, this is too awesome. Hiring an assassin to assassinate an expert of the eighth rank of the extraordinary realm, this must cost at least hundreds of millions of middle-grade spirit stones, right?”

“I think the most terrifying thing is still the dragon assassin organization. F * ck, even an expert of the eighth rank of the extraordinary realm can be assassinated directly. They are really powerful!”

“The dragon assassin organization has made everyone in holy sea town jittery. A few days ago, they announced that they had entered our bridge forest town. They did not cause such a terrifying commotion the moment they arrived!”

“A Level 8 transcendent. There are a total of three level 8 transcendent experts in our bridge forest town. There is nothing that the Dragon Assassin organization can’t assassinate!”

“This Immortal Phoenix mercenary group is not that simple. To be able to spend such a huge price to hire the Dragon Assassin Organization and destroy the Sword Scar mercenary group, their strength is also terrifying!”

“If it wasn’t for the dragon Spike, the Lin family would probably have encountered the greatest crisis in history!”

Everyone in the surroundings widened their eyes and discussed.

This time, it was really a big matter!

Two dragons that crossed the river descended directly from holy sea town to Bridgewood town.

One of the most powerful mercenary groups in Holy Sea Town, the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group.

One of the most terrifying assassin groups in Holy Sea Town, the dragon Spike Assassin Group.

Two dragons crossing the river, not one to be trifled with.

Because the Bridgewood Business Association took the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group for a million middle-grade, the other party directly hired the dragon Spike to assassinate the strongest person in the Lin family.

The young leader of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group directly sent him to the garden to congratulate him!

One was more ruthless than the other, and the other was more ferocious than the other.

A fierce dragon crossing the river!

“Damn it, damn it!”

Lin Feng clenched his fists tightly, and his body began to tremble violently when he heard the discussions around him.

His fingernails entered his flesh, and streams of blood flowed out. Even his gums were bitten until they were bleeding.

He had never thought that this would happen just because he didn’t give them one million middle-grade spirit stones yesterday.

His father, his great-grandfather, and the other experts of the Lin family weren’t the only ones who died.

Seventy percent of the experts had been killed.

Now, only two transcendent-level rank 7 experts remained.

But seeing the other party’s intentions, he did not intend to let go. In fact, he might even be assassinated.

At the thought of this, their faces revealed terrified expressions.

Why did they provoke such a demon?

“No, we can’t just sit here and wait for death. No, absolutely not!”