Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 943: 0944 hands covering the Sky 2

Translator: 549690339

“Sir, please capture all the members of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group. We want to avenge our father!”

The two middle-aged men said to the old man again with bloodshot eyes.

This time, their Lin family was forced into a desperate situation.

Their Lin family never expected that a disaster would suddenly fall from the sky.

A two-star gold mercenary group, the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group.

A dragon assassin group.

It directly overturned the Lin family’s centuries-old foundation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Their Lin family’s pillar was assassinated, and 70-80% of their experts were assassinated.

When they heard Lin Feng’s report in the morning, they knew that their Lin family’s disaster had arrived.

They knew how many enemies they had in Qiao Lin Town, and they knew that many people wanted nothing more than to destroy their Lin family.

However, all along, no one dared to make a move against the Lin family’s formidable strength.

This time, they would definitely not let go of this good opportunity.

Even if they did not hire the dragon assassin, they would suffer a tragic blow in the future.

Thus, they could only go all out and submit to a powerhouse.

The mayor, Lin Xiao, was the best choice. Lin Xiao was the person with the greatest influence in the entire Qiao Lin Town.

Lin Xiao had the entire star-moon kingdom backing him. He was a minister of a region, and no one dared to provoke him.

The assassin organization did not dare to make an enemy of the entire kingdom.

The biggest assassin organization in star-moon kingdom had a rule that they would not accept missions from star-moon kingdom’s officials.

Under normal circumstances, small assassin organizations would not dare to offend a powerful kingdom empire.

This was because if the empire were to take revenge seriously, the assassin organization would also suffer heavy losses.

The assassin organization pursued profit. Profit was paramount. If it did not suit their interests, they would not do it.

“Alright!”

Lin Xiao nodded with a smile on his face. “Don’t worry. They dared to assassinate brother Lin. I will help you take revenge!”

“All of you go home and make preparations. In the afternoon, I will bring people to bring all the members of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group over. They will commit suicide and sacrifice brother Lin’s soul in heaven!”

Lin Xiao’s face was full of confidence.

“Thank you, Lord Lin!”

The members of the Lin family said respectfully and immediately walked towards the Lin family mansion.

They walked out of the mayor’s mansion with a solemn face. After today, even if they could take revenge, their Lin family would decline.

In the future, there would be no Lin family of the bridge forest business association, only the Mayor’s mansion, the Lin family.

“Hehe, the heavens are really helping me!”

In the mayor’s mansion, Lin Xiao looked at their figures and revealed an excited expression.

“Congratulations, sir. In the future, there will be two extraordinary seventh-level experts of the Lin family and the Lin family’s property. The prestige of our mayor’s mansion will cover the entire Qiao Lin Town!”

An elder at the side said flatteringly.

“Haha, this Dragon Assassin Organization appeared at the right time. I really want to thank them properly!”

Lin Xiao burst into laughter. “Go and check the location of the Immortal Phoenix mercenary group. Catch them all before night and bring them to the Lin family’s mansion!”

“Yes, Sir!”

In Qiao Lin Town, it was forbidden to arrest people without any evidence.

But Lin Xiao did not care. He had always been the one in charge of Qiao Lin Town.

So what if he killed a gold-rank mercenary group?

Who would dare to resist?

...

“What? Reward Good and punish evil? People of great evil can be mass-funded assassinations. They can even be assassinated at half price after the investigation of the Dragon Assassin mercenary group. Is It True? How could an assassin group have such a Rule? This is simply...”

“The Dragon Assassin Group is different from other assassin groups. They have a three-kill rule. I didn’t expect that they would have a reward good and punish evil, mass-funded assassinations, and half-price assassinations. They are becoming more and more special!”

“I feel that the leader of the Dragon Assassin organization is a little kind. There are so many special rules!”

“No matter what, let’s kill the Lin family members first. Tell me, can we mass-fund the mayor?”

In the afternoon, in the restaurant where Wang Xian was staying, three to four members of the mercenary group were sitting in a corner and conversing. At the end, their voices suddenly became very soft.

“Mass-fund assassination of the mayor. Keep your voice down. If you’re heard, you’re done for!”

“Alright, Alright. I’m just saying. The mayor and the Lin family have been having an affair. If the mayor didn’t support the price of the grain, how could it be sold at such a high price? Why don’t we give it a try?”

“Do you want to die?”

“We’re just giving it a try. No one else will know... why don’t we give it a try?”

When Wang Xian ordered Long Yi to reward the good and punish the evil, everyone was shocked.

The special rules of the dragon Spike had astonished many people. Now that there were two more, everyone was stunned.

However, soon, smiles appeared on everyone’s faces. Since they could crowdfund, they would give it a try.

When the first person activated the mass-fund mayor, everyone was stunned.

What the F * ck? mass-fund to assassinate the mayor? was there a need to be so crazy?

However, what shocked everyone even more was that the amount of spirit stones used to assassinate the mayor was increasing. In just a short hour, it had reached fifteen million middle-grade spirit stones. Moreover, this number was still increasing.

This caused everyone to be dumbstruck.

“The crowd-funding organization has killed eight members of the Lin family, and their spirit stones have reached over 7,000,000 middle-grade spirit stones. They’ve already gathered all of them. However, if the crowd-funding organization were to assassinate the mayor, even if the crowd-funding organization were to really raise 50,000,000 middle-grade spirit stones, the dragon Spike wouldn’t dare to make a move!”

“Would the dragon Spike Dare to assassinate the mayor? If they were to make a move, it would offend the entire star-moon kingdom. If this matter were to really blow up, the dragon Spike would be in big trouble. They probably wouldn’t dare to do so!”

“Damn it. No matter what, I’ll first add 10,000 middle-grade spirit stones to the mayor. I hope I can get rid of this vampire!”

“If dragon spike really dares to assassinate the mayor, I’ll be a f * cking fan of dragon spike in the future!”

“I’m also different from Dragon Spike and other assassin organizations. Since you have so many special rules, then we’ll support you in assassinating the mayor. Lin Xiao is a scourge in bridge forest town. We’ll support the extermination of him!”

As the crowdfunding was a public area, they could communicate through the communication stone plate. The entire crowdfunding area was bustling with activity!

The Lin family of the Qiao Lin Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor Lin Xiao, had a very bad reputation in Qiao Lin Town. Many people wanted them dead!

The crowdfunding area was bustling with activity. The spirit stones of the mayor of the crowdfunding area slowly increased to more than 30 million middle-grade spirit stones.

Although it was already very high, no one would think that the dragon Spike would dare to assassinate the mayor!

“This is really interesting, the mayor of the crowdfunding organization!”

Wang Xian was also paying attention to the matter of the crowdfunding assassination. He shook his head slowly.

It seemed that this mayor had done a lot of bad things.

However, just as they thought, Wang Xian did not want to assassinate this mayor. His identity was too special.

The dragon assassin organization was not weak, but they did not have the ability to compete with star-moon kingdom.