Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 965: 0966 enrolled

Translator: 549690339

Eastern Sea city was very big. It took seven to eight hours to travel around the entire eastern sea city by horse carriage. It would take at least a few days to walk around the entire eastern sea city.

Eastern Sea city was divided into five regions, and each region was larger than holy sea town.

Compared to Eastern Sea Academy and Ocean Academy, which were located in the most prosperous central region, Demon Hunter Academy belonged to the Eastern Region, which was the closest region to the ocean.

As it was the closest region to the open ocean, the eastern region was the region where most of the mercenary groups gathered. The Demon Hunter College nurtured members of the elite mercenary groups, so naturally, it was also built in this region.

Jin Liuyan and the rest naturally couldn’t bring Wang Xian around the entire eastern sea city. They only brought him to the eastern region.

The Demon Hunter Association, the Demon Hunter College, and the most prosperous street in the eastern region, the Demon Hunter Street.

In the demon Hunters Street, all kinds of shops were more than ten times richer than in the holy sea town.

There were beast taming shops, Demon Beast specialty shops, communication shops, dueling ring, life and death ring, and so on.

This was an eye-opener for Wang Xian, who had entered the city for the first time.

There were four Demon Hunters Association in the Eastern District. The eastern district was the largest one. One of the demon hunters association was like a square. When one entered the demon Hunters Association, it was not crowded even with tens of thousands of people.

“Let’s go. We know a relatively famous restaurant. Please try the delicacies in Donghai City!”

As Jin Liuyan spoke, she brought Wang Xian to a small street.

They strolled around with Jin Liuyan and Zhou Hanhan for about four hours. The two of them brought him to various places, which really saved him a lot of time.

If he were to familiarize himself with them, he would need at least one to two days.

Wang Xian strolled until evening before he parted ways with the two girls. After rejecting their invitation for the next day, he smiled and went straight to a restaurant.

“This Jin Liuyan seems to have a good impression of me. It seems like it’s because I’m too outstanding!”

Wang Xian smiled narcissistically.

Through their conversation, Wang Xian learned that Jin Liuyan was quite famous in the East Ocean Academy. Her stunning beauty and outstanding talent made her an existence on the level of the goddess of the East Ocean Academy.

However, Wang Xian didn’t have much feelings towards Jin Liuyan.

When he came to the room in the restaurant, Wang Xian took out an exquisite communication stone plate.

Unlike the stone plate in Shenghai town, this stone plate was more complicated and its function was much more powerful than the communication stone plate bought in Shenghai town.

“This communication stone plate is no different from the communication equipment on Earth. It’s really magical!”

Wang Xian opened the communication stone plate and looked at the various information on it. He clicked his tongue slightly.

The ranking of the experts of Donghai City, the ranking of the young prodigies of Donghai City, the ranking of the hiring groups of Donghai City, and the ranking of the missions of Donghai city...

The various information was not much different from the computers on Earth.

However, the transcendence continent was able to achieve such a feat entirely by relying on formations.

There were four transcendence level nine formations, ten transcendence level eight formations, and more than ten auxiliary formations protecting Donghai City.

Only through the city protection formation could such a communication stone plate be produced.

It was similar to the local area network on Earth.

Wang Xian opened the window of the restaurant and looked at the city tower which was about four to five hundred meters tall.

“Ao Yao, is there any information from the Dragonmen?”

Wang Xian looked at the magnificent city and asked.

“Dragon King, Long Yi and the rest have already arrived at the Tianqing town, Shafeng town, and the ice town. They will be able to spread the information about the dragon assassin organization very soon!”

Ao Yao’s voice sounded in the room.

“Yes, we will occupy the towns that are affiliated to Donghai City first. Then, we will occupy this huge city!”

Wang Xian stood in his room and looked up at this huge city. It wouldn’t be long before he could look down on Donghai city.

The Dragon Assassin organization was now famous in both Shenghai Town and Qiaolin town. The dragon assassin organization could be considered to be somewhat famous in the other three towns.

When the light and darkness of the dragon assassin organization covered the Tianqing Town and Shafeng town as well as the ice town, it would be time for them to become famous in Donghai City.

As long as the light and darkness of the dragon spike could cover Donghai City, it wouldn’t be long before it could cover the entire star-moon kingdom.

“In the next two days, depending on the level of the mission, you can send someone or go to the other three towns to complete the mission personally.”

Wang Xian said to Ao Yao. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Ao Yao nodded.

“The morning of the day after tomorrow is the start of the Demon Hunters Academy. From now on, we have to find a territory for the dragon palace as soon as possible!”

The most important thing for Wang Xian to do when he came to Donghai city was to find a territory for the Dragon Palace.

He wanted to completely transfer the dragon palace to the supernatural continent so that the strength of the Dragon Palace could develop faster.

The next morning, Wang Xian took a stroll around the eastern district.

Compared to usual days, the number of students in the three major colleges of Donghai city was much higher than usual.

There were about 20,000 to 30,000 students in total in the three academies.

There were about 10,000 students in the demon Hunters Academy.

And there were about 1,000 new students this time.

“Going to school. Is this to make up for the regret of not finishing university on Earth?”

On the third day, Wang Xian walked out of the restaurant with a smile on his face. He was dressed in a handsome black outfit.

In the middle of the black outfit was a five-colored divine dragon.

With a slight movement of his palm, he held a fiery-red wooden sword in his hand.

Wang Xian did not let ao Jian and Ao Yao follow him.

Ao Yao had already led a group of strange demons to Tianqing Town, Shafeng town, and ice town. There, they were waiting for the dragon spikes to take over.

Ao Jian was sent by Wang Xian to investigate all the information regarding Donghai city.

Dressed in black and holding a red wooden sword, Wang Xian walked towards the demon Hunters Academy.

Walking on the street paved with green bricks, the surrounding demonic beasts, ferocious beasts, and humans were mixed together. It was filled with a strange atmosphere.

The restaurant was not far from the Demon Hunters Academy. The entire demon Hunters Academy occupied 10% of the eastern district.

There was a huge square at the entrance of the Demon Hunters Academy. In the middle of the square were more than 30 sculptures that were more than 10 meters tall.

Each of the people on the statues was filled with a disdainful aura.

They were the founders of the Demon Hunters Mercenary Association, the Demon Hunters Mercenary Association. There were more than thirty people, and each of them had at least the strength of the insightful void tier.

Not far from the Demon Hunters Academy was the Demon Hunters Mercenary Association.

At this moment, there were two to three thousand people standing at the entrance of the Demon Hunters Academy. Some of them were new students who had come to report.

At a glance, most of the new students were wearing armor and holding weapons in their hands.

A faint murderous aura emanated from their bodies.

Those who were able to join the demon Hunters Academy must have participated in battles in the wild. Those who had experienced battles would always have some murderous aura.

Among them, there were obviously more males than females.

Wang Xian walked straight to the square in front of the Demon Hunters Academy and entered the back of the queue. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and a confident expression appeared on his face.

“Get out of the way!”

At this moment, a light voice was heard.

Wang Xian turned around and saw a female student riding on a snow-white light tiger. She was walking over slowly.

There was a badge pinned on her chest.

The amethyst mercenary group was the only all-female mercenary group in the Demon Hunters Academy.