Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1036: “Cooperation (1)”

Lin Feng laughed coldly to himself inside, but on his face, he was smiling as he gulped the wine down.

Qu Xin Rui looked at Jun Xie. Seeing that Jun Xie was being so receptive, she was rather pleased.

Although Jun Xie’s looks was not really comparable to the men serving her in the Heavenly Cloud Chambers, but just that pair of eyes, and the Fire Country behind him, really suited him to Qu Xin Rui’s tastes.

“Come, drink up.” Qu Xin Rui said highly satisfied.

Lin Feng retreated quietly back to his seat with a highly suspicious smile hanging upon his face. His gaze fell quietly upon Jun Xie, somewhat anxious and seemingly tinged with anticipation.

The entire banquet,had turned into one where the rest of the people had blended into the background when all of Qu Xin Rui’s words were directed only towards Jun Xie alone.

Even if Jun Wu Xie was really that dumb, she would still be able to see that Qu Xin Rui was actually trying to win her over. But that realisation had come rather suddenly and she could not think why Qu Xin Rui would want to win her favour.

When the banquet was about halfway through, Qu Xin Rui saw that the time was ripe and she said: “Our little Young Master Jun has just recently ascended to rulership and you have immediately come to our Thousand Beast City. It would seem to me that you hold quite a bit of interest in the Thousand Beast City as well. My Thousand Beast City might not be on par in terms of might with some other countries but we are still able to hold our own in this region. Our little Young Master Jun might have already gained significant and decisive status and position but youth is highly fleeting and one does not live forever. If I am to tell you that one is able to gain an immortal body and enjoy unending life, what would our little Young Master Jun have to say to that?”

Jun Wu Xie narrowed her eyes slightly as she felt that the chill in Qu Xin Rui’s words to be rather strange. She appeared unmoved as she said: “Within Heaven and Earth, everything is already destined.”

Qu Xin Rui laughed at that and replied: “As long as one is powerful enough, one does not worry about being unable to defy the Heavens and changing one’s destiny. Little Young Master Jun addresses me as Miss Qu, would you happen to know my actual age?”

Jun Wu Xie answered. “Looks to be in your prime, about twice in tens.”

Qu Xin Rui gave a light laugh, her gaze swinging over to Qu Wen Hao. “Little Young Master Jun says such sweet things. Do you realise that even the Grand Chieftain of the Thousand Beast City needs to address me as Great Aunt when he sees me? The age that you guessed, I’m afraid even if you take the first digit off my actual age, it’s still a dozen years or so older than your guess.”

“Really?” Jun Wu Xie feigned shock. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qu Xin Rui nodded. “Over a century old but still able to maintain the looks of one being in her twenties. Isn’t little Young Master Jun moved by all this?”

Jun Wu Xie replied: “If one could be just like Miss Qu, anybody would naturally be moved.”

Attaining the Purple Spirit can extend a person’s life, but in terms of the changes to one’s looks, it would never reach such an extent like Qu Xin Rui’s had. She had discreetly observed Qu Xin Rui earlier and saw that Qu Xin Rui’s looks were real and not altered by any known methods.

Qu Xin Rui’s eyes flashed with glee and she said slowly: “We seemed to have hit it off really well and I wonder if little Young Master Jun is willing to work together with me. We can cooperate on a grand task and after we succeed, I will naturally then be able to grant little Young Master Jun anything he wishes.”

Upon hearing those words spoken by Qu Xin Rui, everyone within the banquet went silent with shock.

Everyone had understood the meaning behind Qu Xin Rui’s words. It was clear that she wanted to cooperate with Jun Xie and was even willing to offer him the power of the Purple Spirit in exchange!

Since time immemorial, the Purple Spirit itself had been an irresistible draw to anyone and almost no one had been able to resist such great temptation!

Sitting on the other side, Qu Wen Hao’s heart had risen up to be lodged at his throat. From what Qu Ling Yue had told him, he had gathered that the reason Jun Xie had been willing to help them was only because of the map in Qu Xin Rui’s hands. And now Qu Xin Rui was offering to work together with Jun Xie, which would undoubtedly be to trace the location indicated upon the very map that the youth seeked, and even offering the power of a Purple Spirit in exchange. No matter from which perspective he looked at it, Jun Xie would have more to gain in every way by choosing to cooperate with Qu Xin Rui instead!

Qu Wen Hao’s heart was filled with endless worry, but he could not afford to reveal the slightest sign of it.