Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1077: “Spirit Taming Bone Flute (2)”

To activate the power of the Spirit Taming Bone Flute, Qu Wen Hao needed to employ his own spirit power. Forcibly twisting the Spirit Beast’s will was not that tough a task but when the target was such an immensely powerful Guardian Grade Spirit Beast, then to the manipulator, it would pose to become a highly dangerous endeavour.

Although Qu Wen Hao was able to use the Spirit Taming Bone Flute as a medium to twist and manipulate the Spirit Beast’s thoughts, but the more powerful the Spirit Beast was, the stronger the willpower and spiritual consciousness would be, resulting in the amount of spirit power that would be required to influence its mind to increase! And even after successfully manipulating the Spirit Beast, the slightest carelessness would have the beast turning back on him instead.

Looking back on the many decades since the founding of the Thousand Beast City, throughout the many generations of Grand Chieftains who held the Spirit Taming Bone Flute, less than few have dared to antagonize a Guardian Grade Spirit Beast. They would rather expend more time to gain control over several high grade Spirit Beasts, than go head on to face a Guardian Grade Spirit Beast. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Because, once a Guardian Grade Spirit Beast resisted to its death, it would also bring indelible damage to the manipulators as well!

“Grand Chieftain! You can’t do this!” Xiong Ba called out as he looked at Lord Meh Meh wailing in agony upon the bed, his heart immediately leaping into his throat, and he really felt like jumping on Qu Wen Hao at that instant to stop him from carrying on any further.

But just as he was about to move closer, two other figures suddenly appeared on both his left and right sides. They were not just anybody but the other two Clan Chiefs besides him and Lin Que!

In the Thousand Beast City, besides Lin Que who had already aligned himself with Qu Xin Rui, the other Clan Chiefs held the same thoughts as Xiong Ba, and were fiercely loyal to Qu Wen Hao. In order to save the Thousand Beast City, they had stood on the same line with Xiong Ba and Xiong Ba had never thought that the day would come that he would be grabbed and held down by them!

As Xiong Ba swung his head to look outside from out of the corners of his eyes, he was shocked to see that Qing Yu had already been captured by the Deputy Clan Chiefs of the other two clans as well, unable to move an inch just like him.

“Xiong Ba, do not try to meddle with this any further. The Grand Chieftain..... To do this, he would naturally have his reasons.” One of the Clan Chiefs said to Xiong Ba, the expression on his face highly pained.

“Damn it! Let me go! Chieftain! You cannot do that to Jun Xie’s Spirit Beast! We are allies! Jun Xie is a friend that we specially invited here to help us!” However dense he was, he realised that Qu Wen Hao came here well prepared, having made the Clan Chiefs and their deputies from the other two clans to restrict the movements of him and Qing Yu.

The mellifluous sounds of the flute in the room did not stop, and meshed within the sounds of the flute, was Lord Meh Meh’s pitiful wails and Xiong Ba’s heart rending shouts.

Qing Yu and Xiong Ba wanted to put a stop to all of this, but they were held down by both their arms and legs, and even gagged, where they could only look on helplessly as Lord Meh Meh’s struggles between its wails slowly grew less and less frequent.

Qu Wen Hao’s forehead was already dripping with sweat as his face turned from red to white. From the time he became the Grand Chieftain of the Thousand Beast City, this was the first time he was faced against a Guardian Grade Spirit Beast, and the level of danger and pressure he was facing could not be imagined by just any one.

The Sacrificial Blood Rabbit stood on the floor completely stunned as it stared at Lord Meh Meh who had always kicked it with those little hooves currently wailing in pain. It was still very young and it did not understand what was happening, but it knew that Lord Meh Meh was in agony.

It leapt up onto the bed it had completely forgotten all about the constant bullying from Lord Meh Meh. It stretched out its tiny paw and stroked Lord Meh Meh’s body continuously, wanting Lord Meh Meh to feel better. From its mouth, worried little breaths could be heard, like it was feeling very worried about Lord Meh Meh’s condition.