Chapter 1124: “Who Dares Say One More Word (1)”

The human skin map was discovered within one of Qu Xin Rui’s room and Jun Wu Xie’s goal for coming to the Thousand Beast City was finally achieved. But she did not leave the place immediately but had remained behind temporarily.

Qu Ling Yue did not make any attempts to kill herself and she made her final choice showing it through her actions. She lived on, begging Jun Xie to cure her father.

In fact, even if Qu Ling Yue had not requested it, Jun Wu Xie would still have done that all the same. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Qu Wen Hao had used the Spirit Taming Bone Flute to gain control of Lord Meh Meh and only he would be able to remove that, or if he was dead, then would Lord Meh Meh go back to normal.

Jun Wu Xie had obviously no intentions to kill Qu Wen Hao.

But in the subsequent days that came after, although Jun Wu Xie was staying within the Heavenly Cloud Chambers, she did not have any chance to once meet Qu Ling Yue. It was as if Qu Ling Yue was hiding from her and even when people brought her food and drinks, she would hide within the room and opened the door just a small crack to receive them. And as for Jun Wu Xie..... the moment Jun Xie comes to Qu Ling Yue’s room, Qu Ling Yue would try everything she could to hide herself from the youth.

She did not want to see Jun Xie again, not because of hatred, but because she was too ashamed to see him.

Towards Qu Ling Yue’s stubbornness, Jun Wu Xie did not say anything about it, but just stood by her earlier agreement, to treat Qu Wen Hao.

Qu Wen Hao had been put through enormous shock and his consciousness had completely collapsed and broken down. Such conditions when put even in the hands of Jun Wu Xie, was not something that could be treated in two or three days. Afterall, in the human body, one’s consciousness was the most vulnerable.

Xiong Ba and Qing Yu had come to the Heavenly Cloud Chambers a few times but they did not dare meet Jun Xie but had only relayed the gratitude of the Thousand Beast City’s citizens to Qiao Chu and the others for them to convey to Jun Xie.

After having suffered under oppression for more than a decade, the Thousand Beast City finally got a new lease of life and their people who had lived under all that hardship were finally able to return back to living a normal life.

But.....

After the crisis was resolved, disharmonious voices rang out within the Thousand Beast City.

Qu Wen Hao as the Grand Chieftain of the Thousand Beast City, had gone mad, and according to reason, the position of Grand Chieftain should be temporarily handed over to Qu Ling Yue but in regards to that, voices with differing views rang out.

Qu Xin Rui had revealed everything about the things that Qu Ling Yue had been through before everyone in the Thousand Beast City on that day. It could be said that currently in the Thousand Beast City, everyone was very much aware of the kind of horrifying things that Qu Ling Yue had been put through.

And the people who had done those things to Qu Ling Yue were men who were once favoured men in the Heavenly Cloud Chamber that rode roughshod over the people. After Jun Xie took over the Heavenly Cloud Chambers, those favoured men had run from the place and scattered. But the men had gotten so used to the leisurely and privileged life in the Heavenly Cloud Chambers and asking them to return to the life of a normal person just like that, how would they be able to tolerate that? On top of that, their pompous ways back when they were in the Heavenly Cloud Chambers were still well remembered by the citizens of the Thousand Beast City.

Now that they have returned, they were made to suffer countless fierce glares and insulting curses and under the incessant and continuous abuse, they had dragged Qu Ling Yue into the picture saying if they were all not to be forgiven, then how could the hopelessly withered flower that Qu Ling Yue had become have any right to take up the mantle of being the Grand Chieftain of the Thousand Beast City?

The words of those people had been highly unpleasant to hear and those citizens who did not know the entire truth began to lose the sympathy they had for Qu Ling Yue under the influence of those rumours. They began to say they did not wish to have a girl who had lost her chastity to become their Grand Chieftain, as that would only make them feel ashamed and humiliated.