Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 133: “Thank You Present (2)” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After which, Jun Wu Yao abruptly stood up as his tall stature bent over and leaned in towards her, his handsome face only a breath away from her.

“Come, tell me if you can smell it.”

His actions were so sudden yet so natural when he closed in on their distance. Jun Wu Xie was completely caught off guard, as his masculine scent descended upon her, there was no stench of blood and sweat, only a refreshing masculine scent greeted her.

“You...go out first.” Jun Wu Xie subconsciously tilted her face away as she felt her cheeks flush, she faintly felt there was something about this scene that was not right.

“Why? I have already washed myself thoroughly, right?” Jun Wu Yao smiled at her, without the slightest intention to leave as he asked her in his enigmatic voice.

Jun Wu Xie frowned.

“Stop worrying, isn’t Grandfather back safe and sound? This expression doesn’t suit you.” Jun Wu Yao raised his hands and reached out as he trailed his wet finger gently between her eyebrows, smoothing out her frown.

Being gloomy all day doesn’t suit his girl.

Jun Wu Xie looked at him, as her gaze rested on his rosy lips that were slightly apart, she froze for a moment before squeezing out a “thank you”.

Jun Wu Yao’s hand did not leave her face as he brushed her delicate cheeks softly, his eyes were warm as he looked at her giving her a devilish smile.

“Thank me?”

“For saving Grandfather.” Jun Wu Xie replied awkwardly, if it wasn’t for Jun Wu Yao’s timely arrival, she might have lost someone precious to her.

Although Jun Wu Xie was cold and aloof, she still knew basic courtesy, after all, he had saved her important family member.

Jun Wu Yao gently wiped the droplets of water over her red luscious lips with his thumb.

“There is no need to thank me, I’ve said it before, I’m staying on because I want to repay my gratitude, didn’t I?” Jun Wu Yao looked at her with a twinkle in his eyes, revealing another sly smile. Saving Jun Xian was a piece of cake for him, whether Jun Xian lived or died made no difference to him however he knew that it did matter to her and all he wanted was for her to be happy.

As long as she was happy, he’d do anything.

Jun Wu Xie looked at him with a hint of disbelief. Using repaying his gratitude as an excuse? She had long threw that excuse out the window.

“Wu Xie.”

“Hmm?” Jun Wu Xie felt that something was amiss, however he had saved Jun Xian earlier and she decided that she should be more tolerant towards him.

“If you really want to thank me, can I change it for something else?” Jun Wu Yao’s deep purple eyes seemed to be ablaze as he looked longingly at her lips.

“As long as it’s something I have.” Jun Wu Xie replied calmly, if its about making medicine, as long as he asks for it, and it’s within her means, she would definitely refine it for him.

Jun Wu Yao could not help but let out a chuckle when he saw her answer so seriously as she had on a grim expression. Who would believe that this was the very same girl who had started a huge massacre just hours ago? Looking at her now, she was really like a white piece of paper.

“Of course you have it.”

“What is it?” Jun Wu Xie’s expression turned grave as she looked at him in earnest.

“Well, you said that as long as it’s something you have, you promise to give it to me, right?” Jun Wu Yao was in no hurry to respond to her question.

“Yes.”

“Well then, this is a choice you’ve made yourself.” He chortled as a devilish grin spread across his face.

Suddenly, a feeling rose up in Jun Wu Xie’s heart that something seemed off but before she could think further, Jun Wu Yao had already closed in on her!

Jun Wu Xie flung her eyes open wide, she felt something warm and tender pressing against her lips!