Chapter 139: “The Shaky Throne (4)”

The Emperor and Mo Xuan Fei were devastated.

Inform the Qing Yun Clan?

The Qing Yun Clan was far distance from the Kingdom of Qi. How long did they have to wait? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If they had sent for help from the nearby garrison, it would have only taken days at most for reinforcements to arrive. Now, help will only arrive from Qing Yun Clan eight hundred miles away.....

How long will their journey take!?

During that period, what atrocities would Jun Wu Xie put us under!?

“Yun Xian! It would be inappropriate to trouble Qing Yun Clan over such a trifling matter. As a guest of the Kingdom of Qi, we should resolve these issues ourselves.” Mo Xuan Fei panicked. By the time Qing Yun Clan gets here, they might all not be alive anymore.

Bai Yun Xian replied: “The Min Butterfly is incapable of speech and only my master can decipher the message which I sent through the butterfly. If I had sent it to the garrison, no one would have understood.”

Mo Xuan Fei’s shoulders slumped, he just remembered that spirits generally can only communicate with their owners, and not to any other.

Only just realising that, Mo Xuan Fei was deflated.

For a moment there, he had thought they were saved but the chances seemed really slim right now.

Seeing Mo Xuan Fei forlorn and downcast, Bai Yun Xian said with knitted brows: “The Min Butterfly is very fast, my master will send help in two weeks if all goes well.”

Considering the distance they had to travel, that was fast.

“But with the Rui Lin Army under Jun Wu Xie, if she makes her move.....” Mo Xuan Fei was terrified, having witnessed Jun Wu Xie’s bloody massacre, he was afraid of her next move.

“She might think she possesses the capability to harm me! Get some men to prepare these, I know how to drag this out.” Bai Yun Xian’s eyes narrowed dangerously.

“What are you going to do?” Mo Xuan Fei had never seen Bai Yun Xian so cold, and felt a little jittery about it. He felt a cold wave of apprehension.

Bai Yun Xian’s lips curled in malice, her eyes dripped with venom.

“You said Jun Wu Xie has garrisoned her Rui Lin Army within the Imperial City? If I can render the whole Rui Lin Army here immobile, wouldn’t her army of a hundred thousand become useless? Do not forget, the poison you gave Lin Yue Yang, came from me.”

Mo Xuan Fei jerked up. To capture Jun Xian, he had gone to Bai Yun Xian for the drug. It first messes up the mind, driving them to lunacy and introduces violent poison into the body, inducing the person to bloat and explode. Remnants from the poison dissipates into the air after the explosion makes anyone who smells it weak, losing their strength.

Poison like this, was unheard of and Mo Xuan Fei had it tested on people to verify the claimed effects before he gave it to Lin Yue Yang.

It was due to the poison that they were able to capture Jun Xian that easily.

Nevertheless, it was very potent malevolent poison and even Mo Xuan Fei was shuddered at its effects.

Mo Xuan Fei had a pretty good guess what Bai Yun Xian’s was planning. “Yun Xian, you have a plan in mind to incapacitate the Rui Lin Army of a hundred thousand soldiers?” Mo Xuan Fei asked, his eyes bright with fervour.

Bai Yun Xian smiled coldly: “Piece of cake. The Qing Yun Clan uses poison as well as they can administer medicine.”