Chapter 144: “Insidious Woman (2)”

After the fifty ‘chosen ones’ left, Mo Xuan Fei dismissed all the palace maids, leaving just Bai Yun Xian and him alone in the courtyard.

With no other eyes on him, Mo Xuan Fei’s tensed expression took on a sliver of worry. “Yun Xian, what are you up to? The medicinal wine, wasn’t that to be used on the Rui Lin Army? Why.... why have you given them to the Yu Lin Army soldiers?”

Over the past few days, Bai Yun Xian had been refining something in utmost secrecy. Even Mo Xuan Fei was in the dark on what she was up to and only knew that it was to be used against the Rui Lin Army. She had not given him any details and she spent all day cooped up refining. She had finally stepped out and had prepared everything.

Why was it administered on the Yu Lin Army then!?

Bai Yun Xian gave a low laugh, her eyes had a glint of cold as her mouth curled up slightly. Like a venomous spider weaving its web, she looked at Mo Xuan Fei, “Rest assured, the wine will be used against the Rui Lin Army.”

“But.....”

“No buts! You think the Rui Lin Army soldiers are idiots? Give them poison and they will take it gratefully?” Bai Yun Xian sneered at Mo Xuan Fei, insinuating at his simplicity.

“You remember the effects of the pills I gave you? What I gave the Yu Lin Army today uses a different route but ends up with similar effects.” Bai Yun Xian explained, licking her rosy lips.

Mo Xuan Fei was shocked! The effects of the pill given to Lin Yue Yang was only too clear to him. But, summoning the Yu Lin Army soldiers here just for this purpose?

“Yun Xian, you intend to use them as sacrifices? Why didn’t you tell me? I could have provided you with ordinary palace maids and eunuchs. The Yu Lin Army is all we have now, isn’t using them as a sacrifice a bit excessive?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bai Yun Xian looked at Mo Xuan Fei with exasperation. “What do you know! The effects from the medicinal wine will be amplified with the spiritual powers of the soldiers! How much spiritual powers can palace maids and eunuchs command? It will not be enough to bring out the desired effects! Place them at various locations, remember to spread them out throughout the city, to ensure that at the moment of explosion, the poison would spread in the shortest time possible. That, is efficiency.”

The spiritual powers of palace maids and eunuchs are incomparable to soldiers of the Yu Lin Army. However incompetent, the soldiers should have at least achieved an orange level. The spiritual powers within them will upon implosion, spread the poison faster, stronger!

“What!? You want the poison to spread throughout the entire Imperial City?!” Mo Xuan Fei fell back a few steps, stunned in silence. He had not expected that Bai Yun Xian’s scheme would implicate everyone in the Imperial City!

Has she lost her mind? How many people lived in the Imperial City?

“I have to! The Rui Lin Army number over a hundred thousand and they are all over the city. To poison all of them, naturally I have to spread the poison to encompass the whole city. The medicinal wine I brewed acts as a catalyst to amplify the spiritual powers of the person when ingested. When the spiritual power is pushed to its limit, the person’s physical body will be unable to contain the exponentially surging spiritual powers and will explode. The poison will then disperse widely into the air. Anyone who smells it will immediately be poisoned, with the same effects, resulting in a series of explosions, spreading the poison further throughout the Imperial City. The Rui Lin Army, even with their numbers, cannot escape my poison.” Bai Yun Xian was maniacal, that ruthlessness overtook her pretty countenance, twisting it, where she looked just like a malicious demon, horrifying to look at.