Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2053: Astounding Cultivation (1)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Wu Jiu’s discussion with the leaders of the three great races soon spread among the spirits. Spirits who were initially still maintaining a wait and see attitude towards the Serene Spirit Tower immediately put down their guard upon hearing about Wu Jiu’s words, eagerly anticipating the result of the affirmation their leader had gone to seek from the Spirit Lord.

With the Spirit Lord’s name brought up, it increased the trustworthiness of Wu Jiu’s words which just caused the spirits to become more excited.

Just as the world was burning with furious debate about the fourth Serene Spirit Tower, Jun Wu Xie led Qiao Chu and the other companions to sneak into the Tranquil Dream Forest to carry out their newfound method of cultivation. Because Meng Yi Liang and his men were killed in there, it just reinforced Jiang Yun Long’s belief that Jun Wu Xie had escaped from there, where he then gave up on watching the Tranquil Dream Forest as he just did not believe that Jun Wu Xie would return back to such a dangerous place.

Completely unaware of the fact that Jun Wu Xie was at that moment openly staying right there there in the Tranquil Dream Forest!

Inside the thick forest, Jun Wu Xie sat cross legged on the ground, where dense lush grass originally grew under her, but a swathe of the grass had been flattened out by Jun Wu Xie, leaving an area of bare soil. But over the soil, a circle of Spirit Reinforcement runes was drawn out, and that circle formed by the Spirit Reinforcement runes surrounded Jun Wu Xie in the middle. If one looked carefully, it would not be difficult to see that the circle of Spirit Reinforcement runes were exactly the same as those in the Serene Spirit Towers with the only difference being the sequence they were arranged in.

In the surrounding area surrounding Jun Wu Xie, Qiao Chu, Fan Zhuo, Hua Yao, Rong Ruo and Fei Yan were also seated cross legged in a half lotus position, and around them, was a ring of Spirit Reinforcement runes just the same. They sat quietly with their eyes closed, silently cultivating.

From the day that Jun Wu Xie left her house, the six of them had slipped into the Tranquil Dream Forest and cultivated with this exceptional method. They had carried on with their cultivation for a good half year in there as Jiang Yun Long had been so certain that there would be no sign of Jun Wu Xie in the Tranquil Dream Forest anymore that he did not send men to go search in there anymore, which allowed Jun Wu Xie and her companions to be able to cultivate peacefully.

In momentary daze, Jun Wu Xie opened her eyes. Half a year’s cultivation had made her power of the spirit soaring to new heights. A vague layer of grey mist rose faintly from her body, and as she halted her cultivation, the grey mist was then retracted back into her body.

Qiao Chu and the others beside her had also awakened from their cultivation trance. They looked at each other and saw in each others’ eyes joy and delight. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Half a year’s time of cultivation to spirits, was so short that it was negligible enough to be completely disregarded, but to the young companions, it was a highly crucial period of time given to them. For no other reason, than because of the ring of Spirit Reinforcement runes around them while they cultivated.

That circle of Spirit Reinforcement runes was something Jun Wu Xie had come up with by rearranging the sequence of Spirit Reinforcement runes based on what she saw in the Serene Spirit Tower’s twelfth level, where not only would it not bring any harm to them, it greatly increased the speed of the progress in their cultivation.

The Spirit Reinforcement runes in the Serene Spirit Towers did indeed hold the ability to help one’s cultivation. But at the same time that it raised the speed of progress in one’s cultivation, it also hid a highly destructive element. Jun Wu Xie discarded the destructive portion and picked out only the parts where it increased the speed of progress in cultivation while improving on it herself, it resulted in the speed that Jun Wu Xie and the companions’ cultivation advanced at to become even faster than that in the Serene Spirit Towers!

In just that short half a year’s time, they achieved what it would have taken other spirits six hundred years to achieve!

Such and astounding effect, was only known to Jun Wu Xie and her companions.