Chapter 2056: The Third Ring Spirit (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long and thin vines twirled around the man’s wrists, blooms of purple flowers decorating the vines, and upon that handsome alluring face, was an expression showing a trace of shock and surprise.

“Poi..... Poison Ivy?” Qiao Chu rubbed his eyes, staring incredulously at the man walking out from the burst of light. That man was no one else but Poison Ivy that Qiao Chu and the others had met in the forest when they had first come into the Spirit World!

[Why had Poison Ivy jumped out from Little Xie’s chest?]

Qiao Chu and the others were properly stunned at that moment.

In the instant that the light had come out from her body, the agony had immediately disappeared from Jun Wu Xie’s body. Though her face was still pale, she no longer had to endure the pain from before. She sat up in Jun Wu Yao’s arms to stare at Poison Ivy whose face was filled with bewilderment.

“You.....” Poison Ivy stared at Jun Wu Xie, the face that had always been calm now filled with confusion.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Poison Ivy, her gaze similarly rather confused as well.

Poison Ivy then drew in a deep breath as he closed his eyes a moment before they opened. Under Qiao Chu’s and the companions’ speechless stares, Poison Ivy then abruptly fell onto one knee as he looked at Jun Wu Xie, and opened his mouth to say: “Poison Ivy greets his Mistress.”

“MISTRESS! ! !” Qiao Chu screamed out with pure and utter incredulity, his hands clawing at his own face, as he stared in shock at Poison Ivy.

[What the Hell!]

[What did he just hear! ?]

[Poison Ivy actually just addressed Jun Wu Xie as..... Mistress! ?]

[Isn’t that the form of address Little Lotus and Poppy use for Jun Wu Xie?]

[Why is Poison Ivy also.....]

An astounding thought that formed in Qiao Chu’s mind. His eyes grew wide, his gaze switching between Jun Wu Xie and Poison Ivy incessantly, his face looking like he had just seen a ghost.

“Things..... couldn’t possibly be like what I am imagining right?” The corners of Qiao Chu’s mouth twitched, his incredulous gaze then turning to look at Hua Yao standing right beside him.

Hua Yao had an equally stunned expression on his face, his conflicted gaze locked upon the figure of Poison Ivy, his reaction delayed for a long while before he looked at Qiao Chu to say: “I think..... What you are thinking should be correct.”

Qiao Chu’s entire being then crumbled!

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes were tinged with surprise. Ever since the Spirit Tree’s seed had been placed in her body, and after she had absorbed the Devious Wyvern, she had gotten to know through Jun Wu Yao’s mouth that she would not only have just one lone Ring Spirit, and Poppy’s appearance had verified Jun Wu Yao’s deduction.

Jun Wu Xie had long prepared herself to welcome the arrival of more Ring Spirits, but.....

She would never ever have thought that after Poppy, the Ring Spirit that would be intricately linked to her would turn out to be..... Poison Ivy? !

“You’re my Ring Spirit?” Jun Wu Xie had been properly surprised by the facts before her eyes. She knew that her future Ring Spirits would definitely also be Plant Spirits but..... Poison Ivy..... She suddenly found it rather hard to imagine.

Poison Ivy then stood up and looked calmly at Jun Wu Xie. In truth, he had never thought that he would actually become Jun Wu Xie’s Ring Spirit. Afterall..... Didn’t Jun Wu Xie already have Little Lotus?

“Yes, my Mistress.” Poison Ivy’s voice regained its calm. Ring Spirits knew clearly where their sense of belonging was directed to. Even if his heart was highly astonished, but Poison Ivy could not deny the link in the consciousnesses of Jun Wu Xie’s and his.

This young lady before his eyes was definitely his Mistress.

“I think I need to calm myself down properly.” Qiao Chu mourned as he held Hua Yao’s shoulder, his other hand clutching at his chest looking like he had just suffered a great shock even though he had guessed that this would be the result. But hearing Poison Ivy saying it from the horse’s mouth, he still could not help but feel it incredibly outrageous.

Poison Ivy could be considered to be the only Plant Spirit they had come into contact with in the Spirit World and in the end..... he had actually become Jun Wu Xie’s third Ring Spirit!