Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2058: The Third Ring Spirit (3)

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

“I think..... Wu Jiu’s plan is about to succeed soon.” Poison Ivy said suddenly.

“What do you mean?” Jun Wu Xie detected a something strange in Poison Ivy’s words.

Poison Ivy then told her about everything that had happened during the period that Jun Wu Xie was in cultivation.

Flame Dragon had seeked out Wu Jiu, and invited Poison Ivy and Soul Slayer to question Wu Jiu about the fourth Serene Spirit Tower. Wu Jiu had candidly answered everything and explained the reason for the fourth Serene Spirit Tower, revealing that all of it had been the Spirit Lord’s idea.

Poison Ivy felt that Wu Jiu might have some ulterior motive and he did not go seek verification from the Spirit Lord, but left Flame Dragon with a warning. Flame Dragon trusted Poison Ivy and he did not go see the Spirit Lord.

But their choices did not represent Soul Slayer did the same.

Soul Slayer had rushed over to the Spirit Palace the next day and seek verification from the Spirit Lord on Wu Jiu’s words and the result he got was exactly like what Wu Jiu had said, that he had spoken the truth, where everything had indeed been the Spirit Lord idea.

Having acquired the Spirit Lord’s affirmation, Soul Slayer had then brought the news back to the Weapon Spirits and relayed it to every single Weapon Spirit, which caused the Weapon Spirits to boil over with excitement.

The power of the Serene Spirit Tower had made many among the spirit races to covet it since a long time ago. But as the place would bring harm upon non human spirits, those spirits then had some misgivings about it. But after they came to know that the fourth Serene Spirit Tower could be modified according to the cultivation method of a specific spirit race, it immediately caused the blood of the Weapon Spirits to boil over, steeling their determination to fight for the fourth Serene Spirit Tower.

Although Flame Dragon did not go seek affirmation, and did not make a great deal out of the matter, back when Flame Dragon and the other leaders had met, outside the cave where Flame Dragon resided, every word exchanged in that meeting had been overheard by Beast Spirits nearby and they had spread it like wildfire among their race which led all the Beast Spirits to await eagerly the result after Flame Dragon went to seek affirmation from the Spirit Lord. But Flame Dragon had still not taken any action after so long while the result that Soul Slayer had gotten from the Spirit Lord had quickly spread out from the Weapon Spirits.

The Beast Spirits could not hold themselves back anymore. They only wanted to verify the authenticity of those words and they did not care who was the one who went to verify it.

With the feasibility of the fourth Serene Spirit Tower confirmed, the Weapon Spirits and the Beast Spirits embarked on an intense battle for it. Scuffles and clashes big and small broke out constantly between the two spirit races. Flame Dragon came out and suppressed it several times but could not quell the desire for power in the hearts of the Beast Spirits, unable to control the entire situation completely. In the end, even a few Plant Spirits were incited into restlessness and quite a number of them jumped into the fray as well.

Because of the struggle, it caused the standing of Flame Dragon and Poison Ivy to diminish greatly among the Beast Spirits and Plant Spirits. At the same time that Soul Slayer led the Weapon Spirits to seize the fourth Serene Spirit Tower, Flame Dragon and Poison Ivy had not come forward, which led their fellow spirits of their race to complain about their absence, that just rendered their attempts to dissuade everyone to fall further in vain.

And just a few days ago, a huge battle among the three races occurred. After an uncountable number of deaths, the Weapon Spirits who had Soul Slayer leading them achieved final victory and seized the right to possess the Serene Spirit Tower. They had then already begun to discuss with Wu Jiu how the fourth Serene Spirit Tower was to be modified according to the method of cultivation used by Weapon Spirits.

The defeated Beast Spirits and Plant Spirits were devastated where a portion of them had even turned their rage in failure onto Flame Dragon and Poison Ivy, blaming them for not coming out to lead their spirit race to fight for the fourth Serene Spirit Tower. Immediately, Flame Dragon and Poison Ivy suffered admonishments and scoldings, which led to their positions within their respective spirit races to be greatly affected as well.