Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2094: Face Slapping of the Ecstatic Rapture Palm (21)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“You must be dreaming! Do you take me as a three year old! ?” The Second Disciple retorted in rage!

Jun Wu Xie did not panic. With the situation the way it was currently, it wasn’t all that possible to kill off all the human spirits here today. Their objective in coming here today was just to expose Wu Jiu’s insidious plot and rescue Brownie. Now that their goals have been achieved, dragging it out any further would only be to their disadvantage.

Only when they were back in the Beast Spirits’ territory, with the number of Beast Spirits there were there, Jun Wu Xie was certain that the human spirits would not be able to try any tricks then. And of course.....

She had never thought of releasing Wu Jiu.

With the incident having become so huge, releasing Wu Jiu would be as good as letting the tiger returning back to its mountain. Jun Wu Xie was not about to do something so foolish.

“How you choose is up to you. Your Master’s life is now in my grasp.” Jun Wu Xie said coldly, the sword of light held against Wu Jiu’s neck pressing in a little deeper.

The Second Disciple’s entire body was shaking, terrified and scared.

Wu Jiu suddenly let out a snicker.

“Jun Wu Xie, would you dare to kill me? If you are to kill me, then you and your companions can then forget about being ever to remain here in the Spirit World anymore peacefully as the human spirits would then embark on maniacal revenge against you. I can see that you possess great powers. Why do you choose to go against me because of the Beast Spirits? You are a human spirit yourself, and should naturally be standing on the human spirits’ side. But instead you have chosen to go against the grain, to help the Beast Spirits. Isn’t that rather foolish?”

Wu Jiu had never thought that he would fall in defeat, never ever thought that Jun Wu Xie’s powers would be so strong.

Wu Jiu’s words made the Beast Spirits standing around Jun Wu Xie become highly nervous. Actually, what Wu Jiu said was true. Jun Wu Xie and her companions were all human spirits. All these years, very few human spirits would render help to Beast Spirits. Moreover, what Jun Wu Xie did today was as good as declaring war upon the all human spirits, in order to ensure the safety of the Beast Spirits’ Spiritual Bear.....

The Beast Spirits became highly nervous, worried that Jun Wu Xie would be swayed by Wu Jiu’s words.

But it was clear that Jun Wu Xie did not care about Wu Jiu’s intoxicating words. Wu Jiu’s words had sounded to be highly reasonable but they were in face just downright selfish, going against Jun Wu Xie’s view completely.

“Are you done spouting all your garbage? If you’re finished, you might as well be thinking whether you want to drag us in to be buried together with you, or do you want to ask your disciple to open up the way here for you to save your own puny life.” Jun Wu Xie said coldly.

Wu Jiu was stunned. He could not fathom what Jun Wu Xie was intending to do at all. Whatever she could get from the Beast Spirits, he would be able to give to her as well, or even better.

Jun Wu Xie was steadfast in her commitment to stand on the Beast Spirits’ side and Wu Jiu was unable to do anything about it. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just as everyone’s attention were all focused upon Wu Jiu and the human spirits’ reinforcement force, Poison Ivy who was standing behind Jun Wu Xie suddenly noticed something.

The hand that Jun Wu Xie held behind her back was signalling something, and it was directed..... straight at him.

Poison Ivy watched expressionlessly at all that Jun Wu Xie was gestitulating. Because he had become Poison Ivy’s Ring Spirit, they had developed a subtle tacit understanding between them. Thinking on it a moment, he immediately understood what Jun Wu Xie wanted and the corners of his mouth curled up with the tinge of a smile.

This Mistress of his, really has a quick and nimble mind.

“Are you done thinking? If you are still not decided, how about letting me decide for you?” The sword of light in Jun Wu Xie’s hand pulled back slightly, and a slit spilling with the power of the spirit opened on Wu Jiu’s neck. Although it was not deep, but looking at it made one feel the chills.

“Hold it! Don’t hurt me Master!” The Second Disciple was immediately flustered as he hurried to say.

Wu Jiu was about to say something when Jun Wu Xie’s foot trod on him so hard that he almost vomited.