Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2125: The Ruler of Face Slaps Returns (8)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

One with overwhelming magnificence who holds absolute power, in the true sense of the word....

The return of the king!

Jun Wu Yao raised up an eyebrow slightly as he looked at Wu Jiu and the fake Spirit Lord who were dumbstruck with terror. The pair of violet eyes then narrowed lazily, not in the least wary or guarded at all, like the two beings before him were two completely unarmed children, who were not even qualified to make him look at them seriously.

“Dark Emperor, why are you.....” Brimming with confidence just moments ago, the fake Spirit Lord who had thought himself invincible under the Heavens now stared at Jun Wu Yao in disbelief, where however arrogant he had been before, he was just as fearful now!

In the entire world, only one person had ever unified the Middle Realm.

Commanded the Dark Regions, fought the four sides, shook the Nine Temples, swept right through the Twelve Palaces..... making the tens of millions living beings submit themselves to his reign, the one and only ruler of the Middle Realm, the Dark Emperor!

In front of Jun Wu Yao, even the ever confident and arrogant fake Spirit Lord could not help but show fear in his gaze.

Even if they were beaten to death, they would never have thought that Jun Wu Yao would actually appear here! !

“Did I allow you to speak?” Jun Wu Yao’s violet eyes swept over the figure of the fake Spirit Lord, and he lifted one hand slightly, where a stream of black mist shot straight towards the fake Spirit Lord’s face in an instant!

A loud clear smack immediately reverberated within the grand hall!

The fake Spirit Lord was actually thrown off his feet by the smack from the stream of black mist, his tall body crashing right onto the throne behind him, where upon that face that had a congealed layer of his own power of the spirit, suddenly showed cracklines that spread across in a web!

The fake Spirit Lord fell heavily onto the floor, and he found himself unable to even stand up.

Wu Jiu on the side was already so terrified he was shaking all over, acting just like a startled fledgling.

Back when he had concealed himself at the Spirit Lord’s side to play the part of an obedient disciple, he had witnessed the Dark Emperor’s majestic glory. But the battle between the Dark Emperor and the Spirit Lord was witnessed only by the previous Spirit Master alone, leaving him clueless about the Dark Emperor’s power. The only thing they knew about when the Dark Emperor came to the Spirit World was that within a short half an hour, the Spirit World had submitted down at his feet.

Half an hour.....

The time the battle between the Dark Emperor and the Spirit Lord had taken merely a blink of an eye.

Such mysterious and powerful strength, one that caused all the spirits in the Spirit World to tremble before it.

And when Wu Jiu was witnessing with his own eyes Jun Wu Yao’s power, paralysing fear shrouded his entire body. His legs shook uncontrollably, feeling so weak that he did not even have enough strength to remain standing where he fell to his knees with a crash, his terror filled eyes staring at the languid and completely calm Jun Wu Yao.

Just how strong the fake Spirit Lord was could not be any clearer to Wu Jiu. Even pitted against the Spirit Lord at his peak, the fake Spirit Lord still possessed enough power to battle him.

But even for such a powerful pugilist, before Jun Wu Yao, he could not even withstand a single strike! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

It was merely a slight lift of the hand and it already delivered such powerful damage..... Fear like he had never known before poured out from Wu Jiu’s heart. One who was so unimaginably powerful..... how could they even stand against him at all?

No need to talk about standing against him as before Jun Wu Yao’s overwhelming might, Wu Jiu did not even dare to harbour the slightest thought of escape.

Jun Wu Yao’s might had not only almost scared the living daylights out of Wu Jiu but even Poison Ivy and Flame Dragon were staring wide eyed. It was the same for them just like Wu Jiu, where the battle between Jun Wu Yao and the Spirit Lord was something they knew nothing about, but just a thought that remained in their heads, where they had assumed that the disparity in power between the Spirit Lord and the Dark Emperor was not that hard to imagine.