Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2128: Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

The deaths of Wu Jiu and the fake Spirit Lord indicated that the Spirit World was finally freed from the enormous conspiracy.

Soul Slayer was immediately thrown into the dungeons by the Spirit Lord. Towards Soul Slayer’s selfish ambitions, the Spirit Lord was highly pained, but his benevolent character caused him to be unable to steel his heart and have Soul Slayer executed.

It was Flame Dragon who was wishing that it could just tear that traitor up in shreds.

The Spirit Palace was once again returned into the Spirit Lord’s hands. Having gone through so much, the Spirit Lord came to feel that there was no place in the world where peace and security would be assured. The Spirit World itself had a unique selection process and the process was one where even the Spirit Lord himself was not be able to control what kind of spirits were accepted. But with Wu Jiu’s and the fake Spirit Lord’s appearance, it meant that the Higher Realm already had their eye set upon the Spirit World. The Spirit Lord did not know what method they had used to gain entry in but he was more concerned whether a similar incident like this would happen again.

Jun Wu Xie did not delay much longer and went rushing straight to the fourth Serene Spirit Tower to have Brownie rescued. At the same time, the Spirit Lord revealed the evil plans of Wu Jiu and the fake Spirit Lord to all the spirits, and destroyed all four Serene Spirit Towers!

The revelation of that fact caused a huge stir within the Spirit World. Human spirits who had gone into the Serene Spirit Tower felt fear like they had never felt before. They had been obsessed with the Serene Spirit Towers for as long as a hundred years and it was only at this moment that they came to know that the towers were not heaven but a place from Hell!

It was known now that all those human spirits who had mysteriously disappeared had been devoured by the twelfth level’s Spirit Fire and the human spirits were all relieved that they had not been that gifted to have been able to go up into the twelfth level.

After the Serene Spirit Towers were destroyed, the spirits then came to realize in horror that underneath every Serene Spirit Tower, an incredibly spacious underground dungeon had been built. And within the dungeon, there were remains of lengths and lengths of battered looking Soul Binding Chains. None of them would ever know which highly powerful spirit had actually been imprisoned in there when these Serene Spirit Towers were being built.

When they came to realize that while they had been cultivating in the towers, the spirit in the underground dungeon was faced with nothing but impending death, mourning in despair, the thought causing them to shiver involuntarily.

And the ominous shadow that had blanketed the Spirit World faded away.....

With Soul Slayer imprisoned and Wu Jiu dead, the leaders of the Spirit World’s various races underwent a good reshuffling.

Given not much of a choice, the Spirit Lord invited the previous Spirit Master to come out of seclusion, hoping that he could assume the position of Spirit Master once more. But the previous Spirit Master rejected the offer, saying that his bad judgement of people had caused the entire Spirit World to be dragged into all this and refused the Spirit Lord’s invitation. This time, he firmly recommended for Nalan Shan to take up the position to become the new Spirit Master.

Nalan Shan had not even fully recovered from his injuries before he was shoved up into the seat of Spirit Master, which caused him to become rather flustered and nervous.

The Spirit Lord then picked one with a pure and kindly character from among the Weapon Spirits to replace Soul Slayer’s position. There were no changes with the arrangements among the Beast Spirits and it was until the situation had stabilized that Poison Ivy asked for himself to be relieved of his responsibility over the Plant Spirits, merely saying that he had become too used to his unworldly and leisurely ways and did not want to be restrained.

The Spirit Lord could do nothing about it but to grant him his wish.

Everything in the Spirit World fell back into the peaceful ways of the past and all the spirits who had died under Wu Jiu’s insidious plot were deeply engraved into the memories of their fellow spirits.

The Weapon Spirits descended into a long and lengthy silence. Soul Slayer’s betrayal and the fact they had succumbed under Wu Jiu’s incitement to fight the Beast Spirits caused all of them to feel highly remorseful and uneasy, to the extent that the Weapon Spirits would detour in a roundabout way whenever they encountered the Beast Spirits.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎