Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2133: Back to the Middle Realm (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

With a song, and a cup of wine, this night, was to be their final time of revelry in the Spirit World.

The Spirit Lord spared no expense with his own power of the spirit to magically create the best wine, and the most delicious food.

The Hell Butterfly fluttered around in a dance within the loft, the Double Headed Bone Snake slid and slithered it nimble body happily on the floor, their movements coming together to form a beautiful and mystical dance.

As Jun Wu Xie saw song and dance rising up, her heart was comforted by a strong feeling of tranquility. What she looked forward to the most, was for life to be like this, where there wasn’t all that much of ups and downs, plain and simple, like a narrow stream that flowed a long way, that was real life for her.

“In the future, we’ll come back.” Jun Wu Yao said, his hand grasped around Jun Wu Xie’s under the table.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly.

The day of parting finally arrived and the fiery skeleton horse appeared once again before Jun Wu Xie and the others. Stepping onto the carriage, it also signalled the end of their trip here to the Spirit World.

As the skeletal horse trod upon the blazing flames and went further away, Brownie who stood in its spot could finally no longer hold back as it let out a roar of sadness. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

.....

Upon boundless grass plains in the Middle Realm, a wild wind howled that blew over the fresh green grass sending ripples to wash over the fields. The iron shod hooves of the stallions pumped through the waving grass in full sprint, and upon the two white stallions, a stunning male and female pair urged their horses forward.

The gracefully elegant figures were like two white streaks of light, quickly disappearing like two flashes of lightning.

One year ago, the Twelve Palaces were struck by heavy disaster. All the Palace Lords were wiped out completely and the Summit of the Twelve Palaces that had many people gasping in awe back then had now become the Twelve Palaces’ turning point into decline and decay. From then on, the Twelve Palaces had disappeared from everyone’s sight, and in their place, was now the Spirit Jade Palace that the Twelve Palaces had oppressed for a thousand years.

The Spirit Jade Palace had emerged as a strong force to be reckoned with where they swept out all remnants of the Twelve Palaces. Under their oppressive powerful might, they captured and assumed all of the Twelve Palaces’ forces, to become the final beneficiary of the Twelve Palaces’ demise in a single bound. They consolidated all the remaining strength of the Twelve Palaces and people who did not want to leave from the Twelve Palaces were taken in and reassigned by the Spirit Jade Palace. The conflict and strife that had plagued the Twelve Palaces for a thousand years was finally brought to an end by the Spirit Jade Palace.

The demise of the Twelve Palaces brought success to the Spirit Jade Palace, where the Spirit Jade Palace had merely taken just one year to become a tremendous force powerful enough to stand against the Nine Temples.

Initially, the disparity between the might of the Twelve Palaces and the Nine Temples was not considered to be all that great but because of the Twelve Palaces’ refusal to give in to each other, bringing about constant fighting that increasingly drained them internally, which caused them to be unable to catch up with the Nine Temples’ pace.

And now, with divided forces gathered together as one, even if they were unable to surpass the Nine Temples within a short period of time, they had become far stronger than the previous Twelve Palaces who were locked in a constant struggle for supremacy.

Towards the Spirit Jade Palace’s rise, rumours in the Middle Realm were rife and they differed greatly. Before the Summit of the Twelve Palaces, no one could have ever thought that the Spirit Jade Palace that had been backed into a corner with no way out would actually still be able to see the day they could spring back and rise again!

Someone had once said that the rise of the Spirit Jade Palace was only because they managed to find themselves a mysterious and powerful ally. And it was the Spirit Jade Palace’s mysterious ally that had used oppressive might to overwhelm everyone during the Summit of the Twelve Palaces and sent the Twelve Palaces straight into Hell. From then on, the words Twelve Palaces were then pushed right out from the books of history. The Spirit Jade Palace’s return to power, the Twelve Palaces’ history irrecoverably altered, the powers that previously submitted to the Twelve Palaces all at the feet of the Spirit Jade Palace. In an instant, the Spirit Jade Palace had suddenly become a hot and burning might among the Middle Realm’s powers.

With all that said, why had they done that and where had that powerful and mysterious army come from? Why had they disappeared without a single trace after the Twelve Palaces had been destroyed? All these doubts and questions remained in the minds of everyone, but no one knew the answers to them.