Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2134: Back to the Middle Realm (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

The wind whistled through the place that had once originally been the Flame Dragons Palace. The once sacred and glorious Palace had been flattened completely, and a new stylishly elegant building now stood over its original location. It was the Spirit Jade Palace’s branch for the region. Although the Spirit Jade Palace consolidated all of the Twelve Palaces’ forces, it did not do like what the Twelve Palaces did, forcing their subordinate powers to offer up tributes.

They had even handed the land where the people lived, back to the citizenry, benefits that the Twelve Palaces had once seized.

Immediately, the people in the territories of all the Twelve Palaces were feeling deeply grateful to the Spirit Jade Palace as back when they were living under the oppression of the Twelve Palaces, all of them could barely even eke out a living. For so many long years, the Twelve Palaces had been constantly locked in their struggle to locate the Dark Emperor’s tomb. Throughout that period, the amount of manpower and material resources depleted had been hard to imagine, with the money required for such an expedition squeezed out from the common citizens and their various vassal powers.

With the Spirit Jade Palace taking over the position of the Twelve Palaces, it allowed the oppressed people to enjoy great reprieve, to live a more peaceful life.

In that instant, the Spirit Jade Palace’s reign had then not only not encountered any resistance, they even enjoyed a great deal of support where some of the citizens had even taken the initiative to help the Spirit Jade Palace capture the Twelve Palaces’ surviving remnants.

In the city that the Flame Dragons Palace once stood, the citizens were all filled with respect and gratitude towards the Spirit Jade Palace.

“Miss Xue Er, you’ve come. These are some fruits we have just harvested this year. Will you bring some back?” When the citizens of the city saw one of the young ladies from the Spirit Jade Palace, they immediately crowded around her, everyone of them holding fresh produce in their hands, eagerly offering them as a gift to her.

Although those things were not worth a lot of money, but they were gifts that well represented the gratitude in their hearts.

The young lady named Xue Er, looked to be only about eighteen or nineteen years of age and her rosy little face was filled with complete helplessness at that moment. It wasn’t just her. As long as any of their sisters from the palace came out on a trip, they would all be met with such a passionate reception from the citizens. Such hospitality, quickly caused the young ladies who had not had much interaction with the outside world before to become flustered and helpless.

Having been persecuted by the Twelve Palaces for a thousand years, how many of the Spirit Jade Palace disciples had lost their lives mysteriously out here in the world? How could they have imagined that they would see a day where they could really come out from that dim cave within Mount Fu Yao? They would never have imagined that they would be able to be just like any regular person, to be able to stand at ease under the sun’s rays, to interact with people out there in the world.

Towards such passion, the disciples of the Spirit Jade Palace went from feeling panic to gratitude. The people who were truly grateful were them. They were finally able to live freely and in contentment just like a normal person.

Before the passionate citizens, Xue Er politely refused all their offerings as she tried to escape from them.

After the Spirit Jade Palace assimilated all of the Twelve Palaces’ forces, the first thing they did was not to build a palace for the Spirit Jade Palace themselves, but to gather all of their existing disciples together, to order them that they were not to use the Spirit Jade Palace’s might to bully or oppress the citizens, and that they were not allowed to carelessly accept gifts from the citizens, or they would be immediately thrown out of the Spirit Jade Palace, never to return.

Towards this warning from the Spirit Jade Palace Lord, every single one of the ladies remembered in deep in their hearts. They were ladies of simple and honest character and to be able to freely walk out from Mount Fu Yao was already the greatest fortune to them and they did not need to ask for more. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Finally walking out from the city after much difficulty, Xue Er blew out a breath of relief and raised her head, to look up at the slender figure on top of a slope before the city gates.

That figure was petite and thin, looking a little grim. The wind blew her hair up, the black hair fluttering freely behind her as she stood facing the strong breeze, where she looked like she stood apart from the rest of the world.