Chapter 2197: Fighting Together（4）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Even Jun Wu Xie did not expect that the Spirit Jade Palace Lord would bring such a large force for support. This went far beyond her expectations and had shocked her incomparably.

Under the heavens, the word “conscience” could be simply said, however, how many were able to really do it without pricking their own conscience?

The strength of the Upper Realm had been vividly proven in the battle before, yet those disciples of the Nine Temples were still willing to take the step forward.

Even if there were only a few hundred of them, they were a valuable asset to be treasured.

Jun Wu Xie looked at the Spirit Jade Palace Lord and gave a slight nod to him she wiped away the blood and corners of the mouth and looked at Ba He coldly.

Today’s battle was far from over! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

All this was just the beginning!

The Spirit Jade Palace Lord waved his arm!

“For the glory of the Middle Realm! Kill!”

With a single command, everyone rushed forward and countless spirit lights flashed as countless ring spirits were summoned out. For a moment, chaos filled the entire square. Blood and tears, revenge and hatred, all intricately woven together to form a heartrending battle song.

“Headmaster! We are here to help you!” A group of people who had no regards for their own lives rushed forward with their ring spirits and headed towards the little old man who was besieged from all sides. Among them, there were Blue Spirits, Purple Spirits and even the ordinary Green Spirits. But at this moment, they had forgotten their own fears, forgotten about life and death as they had placed all their dignity and pride in this lifetime and rushed towards those Gold Spirits who were far stronger than them!

The little old man raised his head in this chaotic battle and looked at the group of people who had been ignited with passion in amazement. Those people were like strangers to him, the Cloudy Book Academy had been established for thousands of years. How many tens of thousands of disciples had been taught? He had long forgotten all their faces, their names, not to mention what faculties they were from. However, it was precisely this group of people that had disregarded their own lives and rushed bravely forward to fight!

In the midst of the battle, flashes of gold, blue and green light flashed as the strange mix of spirit lights became a dazzling display of colours in the square.

Although the Gold Spirit was strong, the brilliance of the colour was outstanding and unmatched, yet in the midst of this all, a faint light of the Purple Spirit seemed to be at this moment, the purest and most beautiful light!

A bloody battle ensued as the battle cries intertwined and became one.

Hundreds of large spirit beasts rushed to Lord Meh Meh’s side and charged towards those Gold Spirits that were attacking Lord Meh Meh. They snarled, roared and vehemently assaulted the Gold Spirits. They may be weak, but they would never retreat!

One light after another diminished in the battle as the blood bath continued. Those were ring spirits that had perished, and it also signified the deaths of their Master.

Although the Spirit Jade Palace have brought forth large force and they numbered the Gold Spirits by a few fold, however under the strong oppressive might of the Gold Spirits, they were simply hitting stones with eggs.

But...

Not a single person retreated, each and every figure that had fallen had no wounds on their backs. Until the moment of their deaths, they did not turn to flee, not a single one did...

Facing the enemy head front, using their lives in exchange ...

The girl with the mask killed her way in together with the rest of the female disciples of the Spirit Jade Palace. The Spirit Jade Palace had been hidden for a thousand years and even after they had taken over the Twelve Palaces, they had not battled. Today, was the very first battle since the Spirit Jade Palace had stepped out into the world!

Years of seclusion had made the tacit understanding between the disciples reach an astonishing level and they could work well together without dragging each other down.