Chapter 2204: Counterattack（6）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Su Jing Yan did not pay any attention to Ba He at all, he simply raised his head and looked at Jun Wu Xie who was completely drenched in blood. Even though she had been injured to such a degree, however on her face he could not find a single trace of abjectness. Instead, she looked exactly the same, with a burning flame in that pair of eyes.

“Jun Xie.”

Jun Wu Xie’s gaze swept towards Su Jing Yan.

“I would like to ask if you are able to wipe out all the people from the Upper Realm that are here today in the Cloudy Book Academy? We need to completely eradicate them.” Su Jing Yan’s voice had a hint of cold in them and his question had left everybody from the Nine Temples completely stunned. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

What did Su Jing Yan mean?

Even Ba He widened his eyes incredulously, he could not wait to strangle Su Jing Yan!

Jun Wu Xie raised her eyebrows slightly.

Su Jing Yan continued on without any change in his expression and said, “As an elder of the Nine Temples, the safety of the entire Nine Temples takes precedence. If you have the ability to destroy all the people from the Upper Realm today, then we would not have to strike. If you do not have such skills then we are only left with one choice and that is to comply with the order.”

Su Jing Yan had said everything out without any feelings or emotions, however the contents had left everyone dumbfounded.

He had asked just these but the underlying question was whether or not the Nine Temples should move.

“Su Jing Yan! You ungrateful bastard!!” Ba He had completely lost it, never had he thought that the dog he had raised with his own hands would actually bite back. Especially so at such a crucial moment, he had actually rebelled!

“Elder Su, is this not an inappropriate action?” The other elders had also been shocked out of their wits. Even to them, they found his words hard to digest.

Although in their hearts they hated Ba He and the Upper Realm, however the Nine Temples wasn’t the opponent of the Upper Realm. If they rebelled, it would mean that the day of their destruction was not far off.

“There is nothing wrong with it. Do you really think that Ba He would let us off? He is just using us to have us pave the way for his escape. After everything, he would not leave us any paths to live. The Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms, did you really think that the Nine Temples could escape it? Since both ways lead to death, why not fight for our own lives? If Master Jun here can eradicate all the people here from the Upper Realm, as long as we ensure that nothing is leaked out, when the Upper Realm checks, we can also deter them. It is way better than letting Ba He prevail, isn’t it?” Su Jing Yan’s mind was very clear the moment. In terms of Ba He’s character as well as his arrogance, they had already witnessed his cruel and extreme means. Ba He would definitely not let them continue to live and he would surely kill everyone here today to silence them. And once his plan was successful, the Nine Temples would lose their use and the Upper Realm would definitely not be merciful to a group of ‘dogs’.

Su Jing Yan’s words was like a huge piece of boulder that came crashing into the hearts of each and every elder. They were the first to follow the Temple Lords and had communicated most with the Upper Realm. Naturally, they knew how arrogant and vicious were the means of the Upper Realm and how they much they disdained the Nine Temples.

Su Jing Yan’s words were not frightening words to simply scare them. They all knew very clearly what he was talking about and what the future he had spoken about entailed.

To boil the hound once it caught the rabbit. 1 They were clearer than anyone with regards to such principles!

Jun Wu Xie looked at the serious face of Su Jing Yan and suddenly the corner of her lips curled up into a devilish smile. Her icy gaze fell on to the infuriated Ba He and said coldly: “Whoever dares to hurt my Master, I will kill his entire legion. Today, not a single person from the Upper Realm can think of leaving alive!”