Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2214: The Mystery of the Three Realms（1）

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Lord Meh Meh raised its head and looked at Jun Wu Xie, there was not a single shred of blame in its eyes. It only looked back at her with a spoiled expression like a child, it did not feel any pain and it only swished its little tail happily as if seeking recognition for its performance.

Jun Wu Xie caressed its little head and said, “You did great, better than anyone else.”

Maybe after it had gained her recognition, Lord Meh Meh could no longer hold back its exhaustion as it closed its eyes and drifted to sleep.

As spirit beasts that only knew about looking for food every day, they had finally found their own goal. Their lives had a new found meaning, they protected the things they found dear to them in their own little ways.

In the camp, the flames were burning and Yan Bu Gui had just stepped out from Su Ya’s tent. Jun Wu Xie had already treated Su Ya and her condition was no longer life-threatening. It was just that her injuries were too severe and could not be recovered in such a short time. To be able to fully recover such a short time was difficult but with renewed hope, it will not cause any despair any longer.

Looking at Jun Wu Xie who was wrapped in bandages yet busy going into different tents to treat the injured, Yan Bu Gui felt that he was incompetent. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Only after Jun Wu Xie had finished her rounds did she seat by the campfire and very naturally leaned her tired body on Jun Wu Yao.

“You’ve all worked hard today.” The little old man let out a sigh as the dancing flames from the campfire illuminated the surroundings and revealed the vicissitudes had never been shown before.

“Grandmaster, do you know about the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms? What was the soul bone that Ba He wanted?” Although Jun Wu Xie was resting now, however her heart had yet to relax. The Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms did not affect just a single person, a single realm but it would encompass the entire three realms. Not only them, if the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms was successful, even the Lin Palace would not be spared.

The little old man glanced at Jun Wu Yao and only after he saw him nod did he start to speak: “Naturally I do, the past Lower Realm and Middle Realm were only vast plains of wilderness. Only after the Upper Realm discovered the feasibility of the Blood Sacrifice did they start to expand their forces and infiltrate... However, they could not reach the Lower Realm and hence started on the Middle Realm...”

The little old man was the same as Jun Wu Yao, they were originally from the Upper Realm. Although the little old man glossed over his origins, however Jun Wu Xie could tell that he had quite a good position in the Upper Realm. After all, he had the power that even Ba He feared.

The little old man was originally from the Upper Realm, at that time, the Upper Realm was still studying the Blood Sacrifice and the plans were not concrete then. However at that time, the little old man had already noticed the abnormality. Incidentally, a chance presented itself and he stole the most important item, the soul bone and escaped to the Middle Realm. He concealed his identity and started the Cloudy Brook Academy and hid his true origins.

It could be said that the first person from the Upper Realm who set foot in the Middle Realm was this little old man. He came earlier than the Lords of the Nine Temples and had witnessed with his own eyes the formation of the Middle Realm. When the Nine Temple Lord’s appeared in the Middle Realm, he immediately understood that the plan for the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms had started. He lived inconspicuously as he hid his identity, as long as the soul bone could not be found, it was impossible to start the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms. He used his own way to stop the Upper Realm’s action.

It was just that the people from the Upper Realm had never given up on tracking down the soul bone. In the end, they focused the attention on the Middle Realm after searching through the entire Upper Realm.