Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 2215: The Mystery of the Three Realms (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Being discovered was within the little old man’s expectations, but he did not think that in order to get their hands on the soul bone, the Upper Realm would stoop to use such unscrupulous means, not only did he drag his own disciple into this, but even dragged Jun Wu Xie in as well.

The little old man’s gaze rested on Jun Wu Yao, and he spoke slowly with deliberation: “Ye Jue, when I first met you in the Middle Realm, I was very surprised. If I didn’t guess wrongly, the otherworldly soul that they are seeking for the Blood Sacrifice... it’s you?”

Ye Jue?

The name the little old man called had aroused the attention of Jun Wu Xie. She never knew the true name of Jun Wu Yao. He never mentioned it. Since the two met, he has always been Jun Wu Yao.

“Ye Jue is dead, I am now Jun Wu Yao. Great Master Ren Huang, there is no longer the need to call me by a dead person’s name.” Jun Wu Yao smiled, although it was a reminder, but in silent acquiescence, he responded to the name the little old man had called him by.

The little old man scratched the tip of his nose, smiling bitterly, he lamented: “You are really a person who refuses to take any loss, it looks like you haven’t told your original identity to my grand disciple?”

To not recognise Ye Jue these this name, yet vindictively mentioning the little old man’s name in the Upper Realm, this person was really...

“The past is no longer important, I’ve said it before, Ye Jue has already died. I am Jun Wu Yao, to Little Xie, I am just Jun Wu Yao. Why is there the need to explain the origins of a dead person?” There was not a trace of emotion on his face, only the hands that held onto her shoulder tightened slightly.

Jun Wu Xie just watched silently as she saw her own grandmaster and Jun Wu Yao continue on their banter and she let out a soft chuckle.

Although the two of them did not mention their past glory, however it was evident just simply based on their impressive strength that the glory they had was what Jun Wu Yao had mentioned earlier – it was all in the past.

Their current self – One was a headmaster while the other was the adopted son of the Jun family, nothing more.

“Cough, I’m not going to talk to you about all these any longer. Truth be told, even though I’ve escaped today, even if they had caught me, they can forget about finding the soul bone. But... What about you? As for the soul bone, they may be able to find a replacement. However, an otherworldly soul, in the entire three realms there is only you alone. No matter what, they would not let you go. Otherwise, why would they sacrifice so much over the millennium just to capture you?” The little old man, or rather Ren Huang, saw that Jun Wu Yao had a hint of sombreness in his eyes. When Jun Wu Yao had first appeared in the Middle Realm, he had already noticed it, however in order to protect the soul bone, he did not appear before him. Jun Wu Yao seemed to know of his existence as while and while he was rampaging throughout the Middle Realm, he had deliberately avoided the Cloudy Brook Academy.

Back then, when Jun Wu Yao was going around by the name of the Dark Emperor, Ren Huang knew that the Upper Realm had started to move. In order to capture Jun Wu Yao, the price paid by the Upper Realm was extremely heavy.

The otherworldly soul in the entire three realms was only Jun Wu Yao, him alone?

Jun Wu Xie suddenly thought of something and just as she was about to say it, Jun Wu Yao’s hand that was on her shoulder immediately slid down to her waist and tightened his grip fiercely, directly interrupting the words that she had initially wanted to say.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao strangely but found that his gaze was on Ren Huang, his lips hooked into an iniquitous smile.

He did not let her say it, did it mean that... he had long known that her soul was not of this world?

“Well then, let them come and try. Let’s see in the end, who has last laugh.” Jun Wu Yao said with absolute overbearing confidence.