Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2221: Change of Location（4）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Ren Huang became silent, even a fool could see what it all meant. He really did not think that the very Ye Jue that could call forth the winds and clouds, the one who could shake up the entire Upper Realm would actually have such a gentle side, was just that this gentleness was only for one person under the entire heavens.

The Spirit Jade Palace Lord cleared his throat, he felt that the atmosphere was a bit awkward especially after he had realized the true strength of Jun Wu Yao.

It was truly a sight to behold, witnessing the great demon king in love.

“A lot of my disciples are hurt, I’m afraid that there will be some difficulty if we were to travel far.” Although this time they had achieved victory, but the price paid by the Spirit Jade Palace was heavy as well. Those that have passed on were cremated and their ashes had been stored into boxes and placed into the Cosmos Sack. Even if they had passed on, the Spirit Jade Palace Lord would not leave them alone on the cold icy mountain summit, they would be buried properly in the future.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly, she had already seen the injuries of the disciples of the Spirit Jade Palace, if they were to travel far, she was afraid that even with just a slight increase in their pace to hurry on the road could easily take their lives. Even now, Su Ya could not be easily moved and would need a period of time to recuperate.

Jun Wu Yao had already placed a barrier around this forest, if anyone else were to enter, he would be the first to know.

“Fortunately, Young Miss Jun has unparalleled medical skills, otherwise the number of deaths and casualties would be even more alarming.” Spirit Jade Palace Lord said a voice filled with admiration.

Jun Wu Xie’s strength was already Heaven defying, her speed of advancement was unprecedented, but there was more – That divine level of medical skills. It was as if she was born to antagonize people.

But no one had realised that her divine skills in medicine was not from this life.

“Naturally, that’s my grand disciple that not anyone can be compared to!” Ren Huang puffed up his chest with pride, there was no need to say how proud he was feeling at that moment.

Spirit Jade Palace Lord coughed, Ren Huang and him were also old acquaintances and he was familiar with the usual temperament of Ren Huang.

“It’s just right, we can make use of this opportunity. I can teach you some of the cultivation methods of the Upper Realm, without knowing them, you have already advanced into the Silver Spirit in the Middle Realm. The cultivation methods of the Upper Realm are pretty awesome and there is no harm for you in learning them. Although Jun Wu Yao is strong, however he cultivates the dark spirit that differs from our spirit energy. Also, I’m afraid that he doesn’t teach as well as I do.” There was a tone of arrogance in Ren Huang’s voice. In terms of power, he could not rival Jun Wu Yao. However in terms of teaching... Jun Wu Yao could not catch up to him even if he was riding on a horse.

Jun Wu Yao raised an eyebrow slightly but did not say anything.

Jun Wu Xie eyes were sparkling for there was noone who could rival her for the thirst for power. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

It was rare to see his own grand disciple staring at him with such eager eyes and Ren Huang became swelled with happiness and pride.

Over the next few days, Jun Wu Xie helped to treat the wounded and at the same time, she was studying the cultivation methods of the Upper Realm from Ren Huang. The cultivation methods of the Upper Realm were completely different from the Middle and Lower Realm. The speed at which she had progressed was astonishing although her cultivation methods were different from an ordinary person’s, but after combining the cultivation methods of the Upper Realm, she was like a tiger with wings. She was progressing at an astounding speed that was incredibly shocking.

It was just that...

She was too busy and have forgotten that she herself was injured. Once she was tired, she would be dragged back to the camp and forced to rest by Jun Wu Yao. Even if she protested, Jun Wu Yao would also turn a deaf ear to it.