Chapter 2238: Bloody Battle to the end（5）

Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

From the previous battle, the Face of Selvan had suffered some damage. Although it had recovered to some extent, but the defence power of the armour had been reduced by quite a lot and could not withstand the direct strike of a Gold Spirit. Jun Wu Xie could only continue to dodge, even with Drunk Lotus and the rest who had been summoned out, the cold hard truth was that their opponents were Gold Spirits and they were fighting tooth and nail.

Jun Wu Xie flew into midair with the wings of the Face of Selvan, as she used the vines to hinder the attacks of those black robed men. Even though she tried to weaken the enemy’s attack, but they had an overwhelming number of people and even if she had tried, a single person’s attack against such a large force was too passive and she had not enough preparation.

The originally luxurious greenery before her had been covered with crimson red, as bodies fell one after another in succession making her heart tighten.

Even Ren Huang’s situation looked extremely pessimistic, it was as if millions of ants were killing an elephant.

Ren Huang and Jun Wu Yao were each besieged by a large number of Gold Spirits, and Jun Wu Xie who took advantage of the height could finally see Jun Wu Yao’s situation. But what she saw made her heart almost jump out.

The encirclement around Jun Wu Yao was the largest, with just raising one hand, a few Gold Spirits were immediately slain. However, with the immense number of Gold Spirits swarmed around him, this was only a matter of attrition and he would soon be worned out. And looking at it, it was clear that Luo Qingcheng intended to use the Spirit Ring against Jun Wu Yao!

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes narrowed as her gaze locked on dangerously on Luo Qingcheng who was on the black horse. Luo Qingcheng’s eyes were filled with a crazed killing intent and that pair of eyes with the mad glint was stuck on Jun Wu Yao.

They had to cut off the head of the snake!

Jun Wu Xie immediately laced the lightsword with the remaining poison left in her Cosmos Sack. The silver wings behind her flapped and her petite figure instantly rushed towards Luo Qingcheng.

Luo Qingcheng soon noticed the actions of Jun Wu Xie and she raised her gaze as she looked at the silver streak of light and curled her lips up into sneer filled with disdain.

The moment the silver light flashed to the front of Luo Qingcheng, she fiercely kicked her legs against the horse and flew upwards as the light sword in Jun Wu Xie’s hands flashed by and the tall majestic black horse’s head fell to the ground!

A large amount of blood sprayed out like a rain of blood and the stench of blood permeated the air and made people feel sick.

This action of Jun Wu Xie startled Ren Huang who was locked in a tight encirclement. In the midst of the fight, he had not even noticed that Jun Wu Xie had attacked Luo Qingcheng!

“Little Wu Xie! Come back quickly!” Ren Huang called out in shock, he felt his entire body enshrouded in fear.

He was very clear on Luo Qingcheng’s strength, he knew that even though Luo Qingcheng could not match Jun Wu Xie in terms of talent, but Luo Qingcheng had thousands of years of cultivation ahead of Jun Wu Xie. If Jun Wu Xie was given the same amount of time, Ren Huang would not worry at all but now... how old was Jun Wu Xie only? One had to know that Luo Qingcheng already stood at the pinnacle of the Upper Realm and after a millennium years, her strength should have increased by leaps and bounds! This move of Jun Wu Xie was simply seeking death!

Ren Huang’s hair stood on ends and he wanted to break through the encirclement to pull Jun Wu Xie back but the enemies just kept on coming no many how many he had slain, he could not pave a way out!