Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2242: Battle to the End（9）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

In the air, Luo Qingcheng was chasing Jun Wu Xie in a crazed manner, she was determined to send Jun Wu Xie to hell and destroyed that face that had evoked her anger at first sight.

The speed at which the Spirit Ring flew was extremely fast as Jun Wu Xie continuously pushed the agility of the silver wings to try to widen the distance between them.

However, despite that, they were getting closer and closer.

Suddenly, there was a burst of spirit energy from Luo Qingcheng and Jun Wu Xie had no time to see what Luo Qingcheng had done. She could only thrust out the light sword in her hand in reaction the moment she saw a burst of light coming from Luo Qingcheng’s hands. The next moment, a sharp pain suddenly radiated out from her chest!

A moment of darkness enveloped her as that pain had came about so suddenly, her figure fell down uncontrollably and landed on the blood stained land.

It hurts.

The only thing that that Jun Wu Xie could feel was that excruciating pain that bore right into the depths of her heart is the pain radiated out to every part of her body. The darkness in front of her dissipated for a moment but the pain did not disappear and it was then that Jun Wu Xie had realized that she did not know when she had already fallen to the ground. This fall had broken off a silver wing from her back, and from the front, her breastplate had been severely damaged and burnt as a scarlet blood blossom had bloomed in its place. Losing her last layer of protection, her chest looked as if it had been damaged by a bomb, the skin was no longer intact as the raw flesh was visible as blood started gushing out from her wound. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Jun Wu Xie wanted to get up but with each movement, the pain she felt was as if her body was going to fall apart any moment.

She could not even move her finger half an inch. She could clearly feel that the ribs in her chest had been broken and the injury this time round was a hundred times more miserable than when she was reborn.

A mouthful of blood rushed up the throat and she could not suppress it.

Jun Wu Xie had personally experienced Luo Qingcheng’s strength and it was enough to take her life just one blow. It had perfectly justified Ren Huang guard against Luo Qingcheng.

If not for the defensive armour of the Face of Selvan that had cushioned a large part of that blow, Jun Wu Xie was sure that she would be dead.

Not be able to even move a finger, Jun Wu Xie could only fall into the pool of blood as she felt her vitality leave her body bit by bit. She did not even have the strength left to take out an elixir.

However, there was not a trace of fear nor panic in her eyes. She only stared at the sky calmly, she had almost lost a life to Luo Qingcheng.

At this moment, Luo Qingcheng was standing on her Spirit Ring, her purple dress that looked so noble and alluring. Yet... Her hand was hanging down by the side unnaturally as drops of blood trickled down her fingertips continuously...

Luo Qingcheng’s eyes widened incredulously, looking unbelievably at the light sword in her hand that had stabbed her arm. Her eyes were filled with disbelief, as if she had seen the most impossible thing in the world.

How could this be?

How could such a waste have the ability to hurt her?

That searing pain on her arm had reinforced the fact that Jun Wu Xie had really hurt her!

To have a peak Silver Spirit inflicting a wound on a peak Spirit Ring user... The disparity between the two were worlds apart and even if Luo Qingcheng had let Jun Wu Xie attack her, Jun Wu Xie would not be able to break through the defence of Luo Qingcheng... However, the most impossible situation had actually occurred....