Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2257: Searching (3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

That lady was a disciple of the Spirit Jade Palace, and was one of the few lucky ones to have survived that epic battle. She had been flung to the foot of the mountain from the shockwaves of the explosion. After being alone and afraid for a some time, she started to search for her companions in the mountains. Ren Huang’s sacrifice had stopped the pursuit from the Upper Realm and had also dispersed the people from the Spirit Jade Palace in all directions. It took them about a month’s time to finally gather together some survivors as well as the Spirit Jade Palace Lord.

Fei Yan immediately sent a message to Qu Ling Yue and she rushed over at once. Under the guidance of the disciple of the Spirit Jade Palace, they had found the Spirit Jade Palace Lord.

At this time, the Spirit Jade Palace Lord was looking pretty miserable. He had already been severely injured and although he managed to pick his life back, his wounds had yet to heal. In addition, although he was behind Ren Huang, he was the one closest to him as well. Moreover, when the shockwaves blew them away, in order to protect the extremely weak Su Ya, he had been injured further. Fortunately, they had survived but because their wounds were too severe, they could not leave and could only find a cave to temporarily seek shelter as they recuperated to avoid any other danger.

Seeing Fei Yan and Qu Ling Yue, the eyes of the Spirit Jade Palace Lord eyes revealed a hint of surprise. They had met only once and were not familiar with each other. The only thing he knew about them was that they were the companions of Jun Wu Xie who had annihilated the Twelve Palaces. Meeting them once again had let his tensed heart finally relax.

“You all ... did not find Little Xie?” Fei Yan looked at the Spirit Jade Palace Lord as he asked in a trembling voice.

The Spirit Jade Palace Lord shook his head. He had also asked his disciples to look for them, although they had found many other disciples, but they did not find any traces of Jun Wu Xie.

Fei Yan gnashed his teeth as he punched the boulder beside him in frustration.

“Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!!!”

If only they had came earlier, if they had not returned to the Lower Realm in the beginning, perhaps all of these would not have happened?

At this moment, a huge sense of regret dwelled in the heart of Fei Yan. How he wished that he could turn back time, even if he had to battle against the Upper Realm with Jun Wu Xie, he would definitely not leave the Middle Realm one step!

If only they had been around, Jun Wu Xie would not need to save Su Ya all alone and would not need to fight so hard against the Upper Realm. Qu Ling Yue who had been listening quietly by the side remained silent. She was very calm, so calm that made people feel uneasy. While Fei Yan was crying out in frustration, she suddenly turned around.

“Ling Yue?” Fei Yan raised his head and looked at Qu Ling Yue who was walking out with hurried steps.

“The people of the Spirit Jade Palace are still alive. She must still be alive.” Qu Ling Yue did not look back, with a straight back, she firmly believed.... That Jun Wu Xie was still alive. She must be alive! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

She would never ever believe that such a strong and smart Jun Wu Xie would die so quietly such a desolate place like this!

“I will continue searching, the matter how long, as long as I am alive I will continue.” Qu Ling Yue said with affirmation, without saying another word, she brought some people along with her to continue their search.

Fei Yan took in a deep breath and followed.

That’s right, how could their Little Xie die so easily?

No one believed that Jun Wu Xie had died, they continued on their search relentlessly. They took a long, long time, without any clues, they continued on with determination. It did not take a few days, nor a few months but years....

Countless years passed by quietly, the only thing that did not change was their unwavering heart...