Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2261: A period of years（4）

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

There was a small cave hidden behind that waterfall and when that young man entered, there were seven to eight other young men who were similar in age to him. They were also dressed in tattered clothes, their faces all dusty and dirty. However, they all had an undaunting gaze that were sharp like blades. Amongst them, there was an elegant man dressed in blue with his hands behind his back. The moment that young man saw him, he immediately knelt down on one knee.

“Master Gu.”

That man standing right before them was none other than Zephyr Academy’s Gu Li Sheng, the creator of the Spirit Healing Technique. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The person who was supposed to be in the Lower Realm had mysteriously appeared in the Middle Realm.

Although five years had passed, yet there time did not leave any traces on his face, he only looked slightly more mature and his gentle face now had more fortitude to it. He looked at the people knelt before him before he gave a slight nod in acknowledgment.

“How? Did you manage to find anything?” He asked.

“Your subordinate has discovered that in the midst of the West Palace, they are building the rune totem, but it is much larger than the one in the drawing that the Spirit Jade Palace Lord had given.” The young man who had just rushed in reported immediately.

The people who were in the cave were all men of the Rui Lin Army. Five years ago, the change in the Middle Realm began. A devastating battle that had ensued, and Jun Wu Xie’s letter had stirred up a wave in the Lower Realm. By the time Qiao Chu and the rest had rushed up to the Middle Realm with reinforcements, they had discovered that they were a step too late.

Ren Huang’s sacrifice, Jun Wu Yao was captured, Yan Bu Gui had died in the battle, Jun Wu Xie went missing and the Spirit Jade Palace had suffered heavy casualties. Su Ya, Tian Ze and the Spirit Jade Palace Lord were seriously injured. Qu Ling Yue and the rest had brought people and had spent half a year to search for Jun Wu Xie but they could not find a single trace. Not once had they had never given up but it was at that time that the Nine Temples started to consolidate their powers. To avoid confronting them, the people from the Lower Realm could only gather their forces and continue to search for Jun Wu Xie in secret.

No one would have ever thought that just like that, five years had passed.

Over the past five years, the Middle Realm had changed entirely, the Nine Temples had grasped complete control over the Middle Realm. After the Spirit Jade Palace Lord had conveyed Jun Wu Xie’s decision to Qu Ling Yue , she immediately brought them to settle down in the Lower Realm. They could only continue searching the Middle Realm for Jun Wu Xie in secrecy. Although five years had passed, not one day had they stopped looking for her. At the same time, the Nine Temples had started recruiting people to build the palaces.

From the Spirit Jade Palace Lord, Qu Ling Yue came to know the relationship between the Nine Temples and the Upper Realm. The construction of these palaces were highly likely to be related to the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms hence while searching for Jun Wu Xie, they had sent people to infiltrate the construction sites to monitor the movement of the Upper Realm.

Gu Li Sheng had also came forward to the Middle Realm and had successfully won the favor of the Nine Temples. He had gained a foothold with his Spirit Healing Technique and had quite a status there. It looked as if he had submitted to them but in reality, he became the main point of contact for the Rui Lin Army in the Middle Realm, in charge of contacting all the spies of the Rui Lin Army as he consolidated all the information.

“Sure enough, the Upper Realm had started to move.” He narrowed his eyes, although he had successfully infiltrated the Nine Temples, but because of his identity, he could not get privileged information. The heads at each palace built had more access to these privileged information and although he had attempted getting close to them, he found that they were not a friendly bunch.