Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2283: To catch a turtle in a jar (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Dark Regions, Dark Emperor.

A cold glint flashed by Qiu Yun’s eyes. When Jun Wu Yao was still in the Upper Realm, Qiu Yun was just but an exponent with a little reputation. He was still not that famous then and had yet caught the attention of that person. At that time, he was focused solely on climbing up. He did not hesitate to hug the thighs of those Top Ten Experts as he flattered and fawned over them just to get acknowledged. However, he still remembered back when his identity still did not amount to much, while he had been bitterly waiting for that person’s glance, Jun Wu Yao had already been one of the top-ranked experts who had been greatly valued by the Upper Realm.

However, this top-ranked expert had casually dismissed the invitation of that person’s without any regards. Jun Wu Yao’s arrogance had made Qiu Yun extremely jealous all this while.

Until Jun Wu Yao had been captured once again, Qiu Yun’s hatred did not diminish one bit.

The moment he found out that the Night Regime was founded by Jun Wu Yao, the fire that had been suppressed for a long time in the deepest recesses of his heart had once again been ignited.

He was clearly a prisoner of the Upper Realm and had clearly lost his freedom but the power that he had left behind in the Middle Realm had stood in opposition and went against him! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The viciousness in Qiu Yun’s eyes was getting stronger and stronger, and in his mind, there were no less than a hundred ways to send the Night Regime to the depths of hell. After that, he would tell Jun Wu Yao all his deeds and let him know that the powers that he had once created with his own hands had been uprooted by him and those that had sworn allegiance to Jun Wu Yao had all died without a place for burial!

The distorted and twisted anticipation made his expression even more malevolent, and the continuous provocations of the Night Regime had made him unable to endure it any more.

They were just at a group of stray dogs, how did they dare to mess things up?

The atmosphere was extremely tense, Su Jing Yan who was standing with the Nine Temples looked at the scene before him and his mood had hit rock bottom.

In actual fact, at the moment when the Night Regime appeared, a majority of the people from the Nine Temples was filled with expectations. They had been forced to obey the Upper Realm but the brutal means of the Upper Realm had made them prostrate with fear. They had no means to resist and had fallen into despair. The appearance of the Night Regime was the last sliver of hope for them.

Even at the moment when they had received the news that the Night Regime had destroyed the palace, Su Jing Yan was ecstatic in his heart, and could not help but look forward to the moment when the Night Regime would wipe out Qiu Yun and his men...

Although it was the last sliver of hope in his heart, the situation before him made his mood extremely sombre.

Looking at over ten thousand men surrounding the group of people from the Night Regime, Su Jing Yan was sullen and felt extremely stifled.

The Night Regime could be said to be the top force in the Middle Realm. Whether it was the time when the Dark Emperor ruled or after the Dark Emperor had left, they had never once lost that sense of oppression that their presence had brought forth. But looking at the way things were unfolding now, the Night Regime were currently trapped in Qiu Yun’s ambush. Su Jing Yan’s gaze subconsciously fell onto the members of the Night Regime who were surrounded.

Although they were obviously in a dire situation, however he could not see a trace of fear nor panic on Ye Sha’s face. Each and every member sat on their black horses ramrod straight, their expressions grave and stern as if they were sculpted from a stone and had no emotions.

Even though they were now forced to obey the Upper Realm, Su Jing Yan had to salute in his heart at the calmness of the members of the Night Regime. This mighty force that had once shocked the Middle Realm and had an unparalleled reputation, it was just that...

Su Jing Yan’s gaze swept over to Qiu Yun’s face which was showing a wretched and sinister expression. Early this morning, Qiu Yun had already prepared the ambush and waited for the Night Regime to show up. Now that they were surrounded by more than ten thousand people and they had only a few dozen members, this situation looked extremely precarious and difficult to turn around.