Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2298: Dark Regions (1)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Dark Regions, the most mysterious place of the Middle Realm that was also the power that was built single-handedly by the Dark Emperor. Before the Dark Emperor had appeared, there was no Dark Regions in the Middle Realm. Only until the Dark Emperor had demonstrated his power did the Dark Regions appear before everyone in the Middle Realm and had quickly became the most powerful force.

It was only...

No matter if it was before the appearance of the Dark Emperor or after his “fall”, the location of the Dark Regions had always been a huge mystery. Apart from the people of the Dark Regions, no one knew where it was. Even though the Upper Realm had searched the entire Middle Realm, the Dark Regions seemed as if it did not even exist as it was hidden away from the eyes of everyone.

When the Rui Lin Army entered the Dark Regions for the first time, they then knew why the Dark Regions could avoid detection and could stay hidden away.

The Dark Regions was located under a cliff, shrouded by a thick layer of mist and there was also an illusion enchantment so if anyone peered through beneath the mist, nothing could be seen as they would be met by the illusion of the enchantment and it was impossible to detect the true Dark Regions.

For Qiao Chu and the others who had personally broken into the tomb of the Dark Emperor before, this place was simply the upgraded version and fraught with even more dangers. If there wasn’t anyone from the Dark Regions leading the way, even if it was a thousand troops, they wouldn’t be able to return.

From the top of the cliff to the bottom, there was a special passage. It had many bends filled with countless traps that looked to be an endless meander. Even though Ye Sha was leading, the people behind were following closely in fear and trepidation. They were afraid that if they were the slightest bit careless, they might suffer the end of having countless arrows skewering them.

When they reached the Dark Regions, the ground had widened and because of the mist blocking out the sunlight, even though the sky was clear and blue, the roads of the Dark Regions was illuminated by countless flames. The warm glow from the flames lit up every corner and the pure black buildings appeared in front of everyone. Compared to other places, the buildings in the Dark Regions seemed to be covered with a slight hint of chill and there wasn’t the usual hustle and bustle like an ordinary street, there was no liveliness, nor were there any dazzling line up of shops. There were men and women but they looked young and there was no children nor old people around.

With the influx of such a large number of people from the Rui Lin Army, they should have caused a great commotion in any place. But here in the Dark Regions, those men and women who were clad in black just glanced at this group of strangers who had suddenly intruded. After they had ascertained that they were led by the people of the Night Regime, they no longer paid any heed and continued on whatever they were doing. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The Dark Regions gave off a cold and tough feeling, not like a city that was meant for people to live in. It was more like a huge military base and everything was clear and in good order. There was no joy nor sadness here and it was not noisy but there was also no sound of laughter or joy. This strange atmosphere made Qiao Chu, who had came for the first time, felt extremely uneasy as goosebumps raised all over his body.

“So this is... The Dark Regions... It is a bit different from what I had imagined... not the same...” Qiao Chu rubbed his arms awkwardly, the atmosphere here was too serious and he felt that he had stepped into a military camp. Everyone that they passed were all dressed in black, even the buildings were black and although everything was completely integrated and meet, but it still felt as if there was something missing.

“What is the Dark Regions that you have in your mind?” Ye Sha who was at the side looked at Qiao Chu with his eyebrow raised in query.