Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2305: Uneasiness (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Five years ago, Jun Wu Xie had a chance to return to the Lower Realm and return to her friends and family, but she did not do that. The road she had embarked on was destined to be filled with blood and death. She would rather be on her own than to let the people she care for be in danger.

Instead, she chose go to the Dark Regions and took command of the Night Regime because the Night Regime had the same obsession with her. Even if Jun Wu Xie was not willing to involve them in her revenge, but because of their resolute loyalty towards Jun Wu Yao, she had allowed them along on this bloody path.

This was enough, there was no need to involve others.

If this was a sin, let her bear it all.

“You can’t chase them away, they have been looking for you for five years.” The low voice of the black beast echoed in the hallway. Perhaps even Jun Wu Xie herself did not notice that with the appearance of Qiao Chu and the rest, it had brought subtle changes within herself. Deep down in her heart, she was longing for warmth and gentleness, but she forced herself to forget all of this in order to harden her heart.

Jun Wu Xie fell into silence, how could she not know? As for the stubbornness of those guys, compared with her, they could rival hers.

After she immersed herself in warm water and took a bath, she washed off the suffocation from the heavy stench of blood. She then changed into a clean set of robes.

Jun Wu Xie came out of the room with her long wet hair scattered across her shoulders and the water from her hair had soaked through the back of her clothes. It was then that she had vaguely noticed something and went to the door and opened it. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Outside the door, five poor little faces were before her, and in an instant, Jun Wu Xie was stunned in place.

She did not know when these five came but Qiao Chu, Fei Yan, Hua Yao, Fan Zhuo and Rong Ruo were right at her doorstep. She did not know how long they stood there for but with red rimmed eyes, they looked at her without a word. Their penetrating gazes pierced through the cold facade of hers and she did not know how to react to such astute gazes.

“You all...” Jun Wu felt that her throat was a little dry and did not know what to say.

“Little Xie, you have to know, in the future, be it a mountain of knives or a sea of fire, we will accompany you through it all.” Qiao Chu suddenly looked at her and made an unwavering promise.

Jun Wu Xie looked at her group of friends in daze, and saw Fei Yan and the others all nod their heads in a similar unwavering fashion. Before she could understand what was going on, the five of them actually turned and left. It was as if they had waited for a long time just to say this to her.

Looking at the five figures who walked away side by side, Jun Wu Xie could not help but a let out a helpless sigh.

“They are your friends?” Suddenly, a voice was heard from the corridor by the side. Amongst immediately, Jun Wu Xie extinguished the remnant thoughts as she turned to look at the source of the voice.

A handsome man with a pair of grey eyes had his hands crossed over his chest, as he leaned against the wall, a man with a refined face smiled back at her with a frivolous smile.

“Don’t be nervous, I just listened to Old Nine saying that you are back, so I just came by to see...there is no other meaning.” The man shrugged slightly, indicating that he was not malicious at all.

Like Long Jiu, he too came from the Soul World, he was Qin Song whom Long Jiu addressed as Old Five.

Compared with the simple minded Long Jiu, Qin Song gave people the feeling that was closer to that of human beings, and his mind was also more complicated.

“But it really surprised me. I thought... you were all along like this. It seems that I was wrong.” Qin Song looked thoughtfully at Jun Wu Xie, the first time he saw Jun Wu Xie, her eyes were lifeless and she had on the same cold indifferent expression for five years. But for the very first time, he saw a slight trace of gentleness in her eyes.