Chapter 2325: Washing the Nine Temples with Blood（12）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Lower Realm!

The Lower Realm! !

Nangong Lie’s footsteps became flustered and he fell directly on to the chilly floor. He looked at Jun Wu Xie stunned with his mouth wide open. With Jun Wu Xie’s strength, she didn’t have to lie, but...

The Lower Realm...

At this moment, Nangong Lie’s heart felt as if it was burning in flames. What was the Lower Realm? Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

For the people of the Upper Realm, the Lower Realm was a wild land where even the Middle Realm could not be compared to. If the Middle Realm was already an inferior piece of desolate land in the eyes of the Upper Realm, then the Lower Realm was a garbage dump. A wasteland where even a group of wastes that had difficulty climbing to the realm of the Purple Spirit that could not even be held in comparison to the Middle Realm....

Jun Wu Xie...was actually a person of the Lower Realm?

Nangong Lie only felt that a mouthful of blood was caught in his throat and even if he wanted to spit it out, he could not. He felt that it was difficult to accept the facts if Jun Wu Xie said that she was a person of the Middle Realm... let alone the Lower Realm?

This was a big joke!

Looking at Nangong Lie’s delirious reaction, there was not a single ripple in her eyes.

Never once had she thought that there was a distinction between the Three Realms. There should be no hierarchy between people, were some people more superior and some inferior? These were all labels created by narrow minded and selfish people to show off and had a twisted sense of humour.

Every life is a precious life, there is no distinction.

It is the same for people.

What about the Upper Realm and what about the Lower Realm?

It was just that they had gained an advantage in terms of timing and conditions. If the people of the two realms change positions, everything would be different.

To have the opportunity to gain the advantages first and became self indulgent over it, what kind of ignorant mentality was this?

Praising themselves for gaining the advantage first and with no humanity whatsoever, trampling on others beneath the soles of their feet, such people were not worthy to be even called people!

With her own strength, Jun Wu Xie really needed to show it to the Upper Realm!

Even if they were from the Lower Realm, the place that did not even enter their eyes, they could also soar into the heavens!

What they had, the Lower Realm could also have it!

The arrogance and calmness of Jun Wu Xie were like two opposing but interrelated emotions intertwined. In her eyes, there was no differentiation between high and low; there was only good and bad, black and white.

However, she did not know how much shock her presence had brought to others.

The elders of the Nine Temples had long been stunned by the truth of Jun Wu Xie, and they simply could never have imagined that the woman who had defeated one of the Top Ten Experts of the Upper Realm would actually be... from the Lower Realm?

The Lower Realm was a place that could not be compared to even the Middle Realm. One must know that when the Twelve Palaces wanted to seize the treasures of the Dark Emperor’s tomb, they treated the people of the Lower Realm like pigs and dogs. Perhaps in most of them from the Middle Realm, the people in the Lower Realm were not worthy of even being called people. But who did not know that in the eyes of the Upper Realm, their Middle Realm was just the same.

At this moment, many of the Elders of the Nine Temples felt a burning tingling sensation on their faces. The words of Jun Wu Xie was like an invisible slap across their faces, the arrogance and disdain that they once held for the Lower Realm came as a slap across each of them.

Jun Wu Xie had proven a truth with herself.

Nangong Lie looked incredulously at Jun Wu Xie who was stepping towards him step by step. The original unwillingness that filled his heart had already dissipated at this moment.