Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2330: Soul Bone (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The wheelchair was pushed in slowly, passing the grass and trees in Cloudy Brook Academy. The small grass grown between the stone crevice was green, but it added a bleak and desolate feeling to the place that once had towering white buildings all around.

Bai Xu gestured to Jun Wu Xie to push him to the main location of the battlefield five years ago, into the square where most of the ruins were.

Over the past five years, day after day, the wind blew and the sun shone. The rain that fell had washed away all the blood that once covered this place. Therefore, all the traces of blood from the past had disappeared, leaving only pieces of ruin, debris from all the damage from the battle. The only thing that stood there proudly at its original position was that cloud sculpture.

Because of the bloody battle of that year, no one dared to step into this place.

“Push me over.” Bai Xu said to her.

Jun Wu Xie pushed Bai Xu towards the cloud sculpture.

This sculpture that was once a symbol of the Cloudy Brook Academy and it symbolized auspiciousness and peace. The original intention of the Cloudy Brook Academy was not to cultivate a violent killer. The meaning of its existence was only hope that everyone from the Cloudy Brook Academy would come out as disciples who were like a cloud, free to float in the sky, no matter the storm. When the sun comes out, the clouds in the sky were still there, it was an existence that others couldn’t erase, although it was not as magnificent as lightning, not as ferocious as a rainstorm, not as bright as the sun or the moon, but it would always exist and will not disappear completely because of any change in the sky.

This was the first wish of Ren Huang. He hoped that all the disciples of Cloudy Brook Academy could have a peaceful and smooth life. No matter what kind of setbacks they suffer, they could spend a lifetime peacefully and would not be broken by any wind or rain.

Jun Wu looked up at cloud sculpture. When she was at Cloudy Brook Academy, she never cared about this thing at all. Even before Su Ya was arrested, she did not take heed in the existence of this sculpture, but even after going through that terrible battle, it remained the same, as if the years never left a trace on this cloud.

“This sculpture was hand-carved by your Grandmaster. The stone was also personally selected by him. He spent one whole year carving it. Countless of times, he wanted to give up. That guy, simply has no patience. This thing could be counted as the product where his patience was the greatest.” Bai Xu sighed softly, as if recalling the past as a smile hung on the corner of his mouth. Regret and frustration flashed by as well.

Jun Wu Xie remained silent, she did not know why Bai Xu brought her here, and why he would focus on this sculpture.

“Break it.”

Suddenly, Bai Xu said something that made Jun Wu Xie shocked.

Jun Wu Xie was in a daze for a moment as she looked at him with eyes filled with confusion.

This cloud sculpture was personally carved by Ren Huang, why did he want her to break it?

“Break it.” Bai Xu said once again.

Jun Wu Xie hesitated slightly before she slowly walked to the sculpture and looked at the sculpture. There was a slight trace of hesitation in her eyes.

This was a relic of Ren Huang.

After a moment of hesitation, Jun Wu Xie suddenly raised her hand and the dark green Spirit Ring appeared above her hand. As she raised her hand, it flew at a staggering speed towards that sculpture!

The roaring sound reverberated and echoed in the vast square, and the sculpture which had been standing for many years in Cloudy Brook Academy suddenly turned into a pile of rubble.

Qiao Chu and others who were standing behind Bai Xu all held their breath and at the moment the cloud sculpture was destroyed, they felt that the last trace of the spirit that belonged to Cloudy Brook Academy was also shattered, stirring up the reluctance in their hearts.

Chapter 2333: Soul Bone (4) VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Jun Wu Xiely squinted and looked at the Xiangyun sculpture that was destroyed by her own hands, and the emotions in the eyes quietly flowed.