Chapter 2364: Stabilizing the Spirit (1)

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

After receiving permission from the Spirit Lord, Jun Wu Xie informed Qiao Chu and the others right away after she went back. She didn’t tell them anything other than that she would be cultivating in a special place arranged by the Spirit Lord in order to reassure them.

And of course Qiao Chu and the rest of them didn’t suspect anything.

The second day early in the morning, Jun Wu Xie headed to the Spirit Palace.

The place that the Spirit Lord arranged for her was an underground palace with a very large area located somewhere in the Spirit Palace. There were countless spirit fires floating in the underground palace, illuminating the whole place with their bits of light.

“You can just sit over there.” The Spirit Lord pointed at a round platform placed in the centre of the underground palace.

The method used by the Spirit Lord was to use their soul power as guide and combine them with the soul power in the Spirit World to handle the chaotic energy caused by the fusion of the soul power and the spirit energy mixed in the body of Jun Wu Xie. This would temporarily reduce the strong repellence between both the energies.

Although it was true that five years of cultivating the Soul World Cultivation Method using a human body was able to achieve the effect of double cultivation, enforced cultivation like this would blur the line between the soul power and the spirit energy of Jun Wu Xie. Both the powers weren’t supposed to mix together, but they began to blend into each other inside Jun Wu Xie’s body. If she continued to let it be, the soul power mixed in her spirit energy would bring unimaginable injuries to Jun Wu Xie’s body, whereas the spirit energy mixed in her soul power would also bring serious ravages to her spirit.

Though there was the seed of the Spirit Tree protecting her spirit, but once her body exploded, the following thing that would be happening was the destabilization of her spirit. It was going to be a nightmare then.

Following the instruction given, Jun Wu Xie walked onto the platform and sat down. Qin Song and the others were already in the underground palace. The Spirit Lord crossed his legs and sat beside Jun Wu Xie. He then tried to speak in a soft and gentle voice to Jun Wu Xie. “You don’t have to do anything during the whole process. Just try your best to regulate your energy to prevent them from repelling the soul power given by us. We will guide you in sorting out the energy in your body with our soul power. It may be a long process but it can’t be easily stopped once you’ve begun. There will be time for you to rest in the middle. Every time, we’ll be taking turns and every cycle makes one round. You must go through at least one round before you are allowed to rest. Do you get me?”

Jun Wu Xie nodded her head.

The Spirit Lord didn’t say more after that. Actually, the whole process of keeping the energy under control wasn’t that complicated. Just that it should be handled carefully to prevent accidents from happening, or else it would bring huge damage to Jun Wu Xie’s spirit.

The black cat lay beside Jun Wu Xie’s legs, accompanying her. Well-behaved and quiet.

“You guys just need to watch how I do it.” The Spirit Lord did not forget to tell Qin Song and the rest.

“Alright,” respond Qin Song while Long Jiu too, nodded at him. Except for Situ Heng, he didn’t speak a word but just stared at Jun Wu Xie who was sitting there. There was no sign of response on his face and nobody knew what was he thinking about.

Since the Spirit Lord didn’t want the event to delay for too long, he immediately began to use his soul power. There was a faint soul power floating out from the palm of the Spirit Lord. It slowly lengthened and formed into an illusory thread, connecting between his palm and the centre between Jun Wu Xie’s eyebrows. It seemed like the spirit fires floating in the underground palace were activated by the soul power of the Spirit Lord, causing the light they emitted to get brighter. It felt like the light had its own conscious as they moved forward and gathered around the spirit thread. The light then intertwined with the grey spirit line and fused into the centre part between Jun Wu Xie’s eyebrows bit by bit..

Jun Wu Xie closed both her eyes and felt the energy coming from the external environment calmly.

It was a strange but at the same time, familiar feeling. It felt like the condition when she was absorbing the soul power through the Soul Reinforcement, but still, there was a slight difference between both of them.