Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2390: The War Is Coming (1)

ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

On the other side, the Rui Lin Army had also reached a consensus on the matter. All of them chimed in with agreements, not wanting to worry Duke Lin.

After everyone assured him, only then Jun Xian believed that there was truly nothing happened to Jun Wu Xie and she was safe.

“But still, we are already here. Your grandfather didn’t even nag you for these two months. I think it’s almost time, if there’s nothing left for Little Xie and the rest of you to do, how about you guys follow us back?” Jun Qing asked with a smile. The Rui Lin Army who was staying in the Middle Realm had sent them messages, saying that the troops of the Upper Realm were heading to the Lower Realm from the Middle Realm. They believed that they would be arriving at the Lower Realm after, the most, half a month. Until that moment came, the occurrence of a war was definitely inevitable.

“Alright.” Jun Wu Xie nodded her head. There was no need for her to continue to stay in the Spirit World anymore after getting rid of Situ Heng.

“Thanks for your hospitality during these days.” Jun Qing expressed his gratitude towards the Spirit Lord.

However, the Spirit Lord felt a bit embarrassed. After all, it was Jun Wu Xie who had given more help to the Spirit World. The cultivation method of the soul power they used today was even taught by Jun Wu Xie. It was just that he was the one who shared the method to the others for his self-convenience.

All the people from the Lower Realm who were cultivating in the Spirit World would be gathering together for this day. After five years of cultivation, they were finally going to step into the battlefield.

The portal gate of the Spirit World was crowded with hordes of people. Brownie and Nalan Yue too, came to send them off. Within these few years, the Spirit World had loosened the restriction of entering the Spirit World on the ring spirits. Kids who were below fourteen were also allowed into the Spirit World so that those kids were able to interact with the spirits in the Spirit World earlier. If they met someone whose personalities matched with them, these ring spirits would make indentures and bind with them when they reached fourteen.

It was also due to the arrival of the people from the Lower Realm that had made the Spirit World which originally shut the outside world out to have some interactions with the others. The spirits who at first resisted to turn themselves into a ring spirit too, slowly began to accept the missions of becoming a ring spirit. This had caused the amount of teenagers who owned strong ring spirits to increase more and more in these five years and there were more spirits who became the reserves of the ring spirits. And this had imperceptibly strengthened the power of the Lower Realm.

After coming out from the Spirit World, everyone from the Rui Lin Army and the Iron Blood Army returned to their units respectively. Since there was only half a month left before the battle started, they must keep themselves in the best condition in the shortest time in order to participate in the battle.

Jun Wu Xie and the others had also returned to Lin Palace. Jun Qing had sorted out the two months of every deployment in the Lower Realm and handed it over to Jun Wu Xie and the rest. As the main force of the battle, Jun Wu Xie must kept the movement of Luo Qingcheng’s troops and the deployments in the Lower Realm under her supervision all the time.

“Uncle and Grandfather have more battling experience than I have. Everything was arranged perfectly,” said Jun Wu Xie sincerely after flipping through the documents. Lin Palace was an expert in the field of battle. Arranging the forces and setting up the formations were just some common acts to Jun Xian and Jun Qing. Although it was going to be an intense and fierce fight, they would still be in advantage as they were the one who held the initiative in the battle since the Lower Realm was the battlefield.

“Almost everything was well arranged. We had already transferred the civilian whose residences might be involved in the battle to a safer place two months ago. We had also sent our people to guard at the entrances. Once the troops of the Upper Realm are seen, we are able to react in the shortest time,” said Jun Qing seriously. “But Little Xie, you did say it before, that the Upper Realm isn’t able to adapt to the environment of the Lower Realm, are you sure about that??”

The most crucial step in this battle was to suppress the strength of the Upper Realm using the special environment of the Lower Realm. No matter how fast did the Lower Realm grow stronger, they were still unable to compare with all the gold spirits from the Upper Realm. Only with the help of the weak adaptation of the Upper Realm to the Lower Realm, then they would be having more opportunities to win the battle.