Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2394: Drunken (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Holding the cosmos sack in her hand, the corner of Su Ya’s lips curved into a self-deprecating smile. She untied the cosmos sack which was hanging on her waist and held both the same pouches in each of her hands. Her tipsy eyes were staring at every stitch and thread on the pouches, seemingly to find the person who had long gone through the trails that were once left.

“Do you know that? At first, this woman here didn’t even give a damn for that dumbass. He wasn’t that talented and was always nagging. He was a man but dilly-dally like a woman. If he wasn’t assigned to me at that time, how this woman here wished that she could kick him out.”

Su Ya’s voice wasn’t that loud, but every single word of hers was heard clearly by Jun Wu Xie’s ears.

The dumbass she mentioned was Yan Bu Gui.

“I told him he was blocking my sight, but he wasn’t sensible at all. It was clear that this woman wasn’t willing to give him any good face, but he would still stick around her, always calling her Master this or Master that, how annoying.” Su Ya frowned slightly.

“You tell me... If he wasn’t that annoying that time, would he not die...” Holding tightly the cosmos sack in her hands, Su Ya’s voice suddenly turned husky while her eyes became a little reddish about the rims. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Why was he so dumb? Why did he come back when he had already left? The dumbass was not even strong enough to be a hero. What could he do with his weak ass strength?” Su Ya kept on blaming all the stupid things that had done by Yan Bu Gui, but there was already blood rushing into her eyes when she was talking.

“Why did he leave?! This woman shouldn’t keep him as a student during that time! He disappeared without any reason for so many years and died just like that soon after he had returned... How useless was he...” Su Ya’s voice was trembling, trying hard to hold her tears back.

Yan Bu Gui shouldn’t have went to Cloudy Brook Academy. He shouldn’t have gone and save her.

He was not that strong and powerful. There wasn’t even any space for him to involve himself in such a battle. But the idiot still went there.

He could just leave her alone and run for his life, but all he knew was just to foolishly protect her. Even until today, it seemed like Su Ya was still able to smell the disgusting bloody smell which was flowing around her nose. She could still feel the scorching heat from his tight hug.

Su Ya would never forget that the time when she was protected under Yan Bu Gui’s body, she witnessed the way the bright and handsome man turned into a bloody mangled body due to the continual attacks with her eyes wide opened. She would never forget the feeling when she touched her clothes which was soaked in Yan Bu Gui’s blood. She would also never forget the very last smile in his eyes when Yan Bu Gui handed her over to the hands of the Spirit Jade Palace Lord.

The hands which were always protecting her loosened and let go at that moment. The five bloody fingers slid over her clothes, leaving a harsh stain of blood on them. All she could do was just to look at him losing his last breath with the gleam in his eyes slowly fading away...

For the whole five years, Su Ya had been thinking for many times, that it was a mistake for her and Yan Bu Gui to meet each other from the very beginning.

If she didn’t decide to keep Yan Bu Gui and they didn’t step over the relationship between a master and a student, then Yan Bu Gui wouldn’t be risking his life to save her. He might still be living in this world, enjoying his own life.

However...

All of these had been ended with a bloody red pause.

“Dumbass! He was a complete dumbass!” Su Ya clenched her teeth. The moment she lowered her head, there were two drops of tears dripping on the surface of the table in front of her.

Five years of repressing her emotions. Five years of struggling. Su Ya had no idea how she went through every single day.