Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2395: Drunken (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Ren Huang was dead. Yan Bu Gui was also dead...

Both the most important men in Su Ya’s life died in front of her, but there was nothing she could do about it.

She had never hated herself for her uselessness like the way she did at that moment. It was during the irrevocable circumstances that had made her feel so helpless for the first time.

While sitting quietly at the opposite of Su Ya, Jun Wu Xie remained silent.

Those who had never taken part in the battle five years ago would never know what did they experience. They wouldn’t know how precious the people they lost were to them.

Jun Wu Xie drank the wine sip by sip. When the cold wine flowed into her throat, it burned her throat like fire. She didn’t know what she should say to console Su Ya. Even she herself was still unable to face everything that had happened five years ago.

It was a nightmare which had been trapping her and Su Ya for the whole five years.

“There’s a chance left.” Jun Wu Xie drank the last sip of wine and suddenly opened her mouth.

Su Ya’s figure stiffened a little but she didn’t raise her head.

“There’s the Soul World. We still have a chance.” Jun Wu Xie put down the jar of wine. She would never give up until the very last moment. Even if there was only one ten thousandth of hope in it, she would still keep going.

The souls of Ren Huang and Yan Bu Gui weren’t in the Spirit World, but they could still try to find them in the Soul World. If it wasn’t till their very last steps, the hope would still be there and it would never disappear.

“Master, we still have a chance.” Jun Wu Xie suddenly reached out her hand and held on Su Ya’s cold hand.

Su Ya slightly raised her head. Her teary eyes met Jun Wu Xie’s clear and determined gaze.

“We will take revenge for Master Bu Gui and Grandmaster. We will also take revenge for the people of the Spirit Jade Palace who had died in the battle. And after we finished our revenge, we will go to the Soul World and fetch Master and Grandmaster back, alright?” This was the first time Jun Wu Xie had ever exposed her hope to someone else in these five years. At that moment, she wasn’t the cool Jun Wu Xie anymore. Instead, she was the “Jun Wu” who had been accompanying Su Ya in Cloudy Brook Academy for one year. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“We still have a chance?” Su Ya looked blearily at Jun Wu Xie. A big amount of alcohol and the release of emotions had caused her consciousness to be a little fuzzy.

– You’re reading on B oxnovel.c om .Tks!

She had never dared to show her stress to anybody. Even Tian Ze didn’t know about the pain she suffered for these years. But Su Ya knew that Jun Wu Xie would understand how she felt. There was no one who was able to understand the five years of her pain more than Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie nodded her head with perseverance.

“After half a month, our revenge will begin. Master, watch the whole thing with me, alright?” Jun Wu Xie tried her best to speak in a gentle voice to persuade Su Ya. Her Master, Su Ya, shouldn’t be this depressed. The Queen Su Ya who had stood in front of everyone and protected her from all the hardships was imperious. Everything that had happened in the past five years had caused Su Ya to loss the carefreeness and arrogance that she once had, and after half a month, Jun Wu Xie would be going to find her Master Su Ya back with her own hands.

Su Ya was just staring at Jun Wu Xie, the student of hers who had already grown up without her knowing. Although Jun Wu Xie was already in her twenties, her appearance didn’t change much due to her growing strength. There wasn’t any trail of time left on her face.

It was just that the stare in her pair of eyes were colder and sharper compared to the past five years.

Su Ya slowly nodded and spoke in a husky voice. “Alright, we will watch it together.”

Jun Wu Xie then nodded her head seriously.

The amount of wounds and pain brought to them by the Upper Realm five years ago, she would be paying hundreds, or even thousands, more times back to them after half a month.

She would let the people from the Upper Realm and Luo Qingcheng know, that it was a deadly mistake to them for not being able to kill her, Jun Wu Xie, five years ago!