Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2396: The Troops of The Upper Realm (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

For the last half month, the entire Lower Realm had been in the most stressful state of the war preparations. All the soldiers were staying alert and preparing themselves to be able to join the battle anytime which was just around the corner.

At the same time, a huge army had officially entered the Lower Realm, unveiling the upcoming gory fight.

In front of the hundreds thousand armies, there was Luo Qingcheng in a light armor riding on a big horse. The howling wind in the Lower Realm blew on her face, causing her black long hair to fly along. Looking at the desolate landscape that was never up to the standard of the Upper Realm, her eyes slightly narrowed. She took a glance over the crystal clear water and greenish mountains. However, the spirit energy in the air was unbelievably low.

“This is the Lower Realm? What a barren place.” A husky man who was riding behind Luo Qingcheng looked at the scenery in front of him with contempt. It seemed like the blueish rivers and the forested mountains were nothing to him. Everything that came into his sight was just some wild areas that had failed to gain his attention.

There was another handsome man riding beside him with a fan swaying in his hand. Though there was a smile shown at the corners of his lips, the disdain in his eyes was not any less than the husky man’s. His eyes were gleaming gloomily, just like the viper hiding in the jungle that would give its enemy a deadly attack anytime. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The spirit energy in the Lower Realm is so little. It’s really hard to believe that there are people actually living here.” The man who was holding the folded fan raised his hand and felt the wind that was blowing through his fingers. There was a scornful smile in his eyes.

If a person wanted to cultivate one’s spirit energy, except for one’s talent, the most important part for the cultivation was the environment used in cultivating. During the cultivation process, the human body would absorb the surrounding spirit energy automatically. The more abundant the spirit energy was, the quicker the process of cultivation would be. Therefore, no matter how hard the people in the Middle Realm cultivate, they could never compare themselves to the spirit energy which was naturally formed in the Upper Realm. Even the spirit energy in the Middle Realm was unappealing to the people from the Upper Realm, let alone the Lower Realm.

“Wei Ya, I like what you said very much. I wonder whether if the people living in this barren place were really capable of cultivating the spirit energy. Maybe they should stop kidding? Such small amount of spirit energy can’t even be compared to the one hundredth of the spirit energy in the most deserted place in our Upper Realm. I don’t believe what Nangong Lie said is true, that a poor place like this is able to bring up an expert who is able to condense the Spirit Ring.” Disapprovingly, the husky man said. Xie Chang Ming was his name and he was ranked sixth in the Top Ten Experts of the Upper Realm.

The man who was holding the folding fan was Wei Ya. He was ranked fifth in the Top Ten Experts of the Upper Realm. This time, Jun Wu Xie had openly provoked the Upper Realm and had forced Luo Qingcheng to bring her people together with her to the Lower Realm using the soul bone as the bait. Xie Chang Ming and Wei Ya were the two generals who were ordered to come with Luo Qingcheng to the Lower Realm.

“The base of that Nangong Lie kid is still shallow. Maybe he was deceived by some tricks. Furthermore, it’s quite unconvincing for Nangong Lie to enter the Top Ten Experts with the strength he has. If it isn’t for Old Xu being sick, there’s no way for him to climb up the list of the Top Ten Experts. All the hundred thousand forces he brought to the Middle Realm were annihilated and he was the only person to come back like a loser. This is really humiliating. I will not believe everything the dumb and useless trash said.” Xie Chang Ming looked down on Nangong Lie with his whole heart. He didn’t really care if Nangong Lie returned with failure, but since Nangong Lie was carrying the title of the Top Ten Experts, his failure had definitely discredited their names indirectly.