Chapter 2399: The Army of The Upper Realm (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Yes.” Wei Ya didn’t dare to speak one sentence or more but just lowered his head down obediently.

After taking a cold glance over the two people who were being obsequious to her, Luo Qingcheng turned her head back and looked at the beautiful rivers and mountains of the Lower Realm. Her pair of gloomy eyes narrowed a little. The murderous intention in her eyes had caused her pretty eyes to look twisted and crazy.

[Jun Wu Xie, soon, we’re going to meet again.]

[It’s just that this time, I won’t be going easy on you!]

While thinking of it, Luo Qingcheng couldn’t help but landed her eyes on the huge carriage which was moving in the middle of the troops. The plain black carriage was completely locked up. Outside the carriage, ten Soul Binding Chains were tightly attached to the entire body of the carriage. There were even over hundreds of heavily armored experts guarding at two sides of the carriage. Regardless of the situation inside the carriage, it was easy to tell that how strict they guarded the carriage just by looking at the precautions taken outside the carriage.

There was a trace of coldness in Luo Qingcheng’s eyes. It was an extremely dangerous act to bring Ye Jue out of the Upper Realm. If it wasn’t for Jun Wu Xie who had taken the initiative to designate her, her Master would definitely not allow any other one to take Ye Jue out of the Upper Realm.

The permission given by Luo Qingcheng’s Master to her was entirely based on his trust in her strength.

The Luo Qingcheng now had already achieved the peak of the Spirit Ring. In the entire Upper Realm, no one was capable of being her rival except for her Master. It was because of her great strength that she was able to bring an important prisoner like Ye Jue out of the Upper Realm.

Luo Qingcheng had a faint but weird feeling. The fact that Jun Wu Xie wanted her to bring Ye Jue to the Lower Realm, was it because she wanted to avenge her for the things she did five years ago? Or was it because she knew that Ye Jue was able to leave the Upper Realm only when she was the one who brought him out?

Just at the moment the thought came into Luo Qingcheng’s mind, she then immediately turned it down.

She didn’t believe that Jun Wu Xie was really that smart to be able to guess so accurately!

It might be that she had thought of something. Luo Qingcheng suddenly urged her horse towards the carriage. Although the troops didn’t stop their feet from marching forward, they opened up a path orderly for Luo Qingcheng so that she was able to move onwards smoothly.

Her horse stood in front of the carriage. Looking at the sturdy Soul Binding Chains, Luo Qingcheng raised the corners of her lips and sneered.

“We have arrived at the Lower Realm,” said Luo Qingcheng. Her words were said to the person in the carriage, but there wasn’t any response received. It was a complete silence in the carriage. Not a bit of response was heard from the carriage, it was as if there wasn’t anyone inside it.

Luo Qingcheng had already got used to the silence. She didn’t care if she was being cold-shouldered by the person in the carriage but just continued her words. “You will meet that Jun Wu Xie soon. I have always been very curious about your relationship with her.”

This question had been long wandering in Luo Qingcheng’s mind since the past five years. Ye Jue had gifted the Face of Selvan to that girl and he was even willing to let her bring him back to the Upper Realm just to protect Jun Wu Xie. Even though Luo Qingcheng didn’t want to, she had no choice but to admit that Jun Wu Xie did mean something extraordinary to Ye Jue.

This was also why Luo Qingcheng insisted on killing Jun Wu Xie during that time.

She couldn’t bear that Ye Jue would have feelings on anyone else other than her. She was that outstanding, but why would Ye Jue who wouldn’t even leave an eye on her move his heart for someone else?

No matter who that person was, only death awaited! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“It doesn’t matter if you don’t want to tell me. She escaped five years ago because she was lucky, but this time, she is not going to be this lucky anymore.”