Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2400: The Army of The Upper Realm (5)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“No matter who she is to you, I will chop off her head and send it as a present it to you, so that you can both reunite. Or would you like me to skin her and use her skull and make it into a cup so that you can use it to drink with?” Luo Qingcheng said it vindictively as a sinister glint lit up in her eyes. Her words were so malicious that all who heard her could not help but tremble.

However, there was not a single reaction from the carriage.

Luo Qingcheng was not anxious, she wanted to see if he could maintain his calmness when the time came.

“Aren’t you going to plead on her behalf? Maybe if my mood is better, I will let her have an easy death.” Luo Qingcheng sneered and said.

The response she received was the same, just the clanking sound of the carriage.

Luo Qingcheng scoffed, she had long been used to the indifference of Ye Jue. She did not hold any hope in this aspect but just wanted to freely use her words to provoke him and after singing her curses, she turned and returned to lead the army right up at the front.

Whether or not Ye Jue said anything or if he pled for Jun Wu Xie, Luo Qingcheng had long made up her mind that she would use the most cruel way to send Jun Wu Xie to the depths of hell. Leading the army upfront, the wind was so strong that it felt like sharp blades when it blew across one’s cheek. Luo Qingcheng subconsciously raised her hand and covered her face. Under the mask, all the prickling and itching reminded her how she had passed these five miserable years by.

Well, Jun Wu Xie ruined her countenance so she would destroy everything that Jun Wu Xie had!

Despite the bumpy ride, Jun Wu Yao who was bound by the Soul Binding Chains was sitting leisurely in the carriage. With his eyes closed, the howling of the wind from outside had distorted the provocations uttered by Luo Qingcheng. After a while, Jun Wu Yao slowly opened his eyes but in that pair of mesmerizing purple eyes, there was not a shred of anger. Instead, there was a trace of a smile that was filled with meaning.

It turned out that they had already arrived in the Lower Realm.

Jun Wu Yao closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, filling up his chest with the familiar air.

He was now on the same piece of land with his Little Xie, breathing in the same air as her and it was as if he could already smell that nostalgic faint scent of medicinal herbs on her.

It has been five years.

For the first time, Jun Wu Yao felt that time passed so slowly. Compared to the millennium that he spent imprisoned in that dark cave, these five years felt even more bitter. Before he met her, those thousand years passed by naturally but everything changed once she appeared in his life. Pining for her in his heart felt like there was a blade that would slowly cut up his heart bit by bit.

However, at this moment, his lips curled up slightly. Even though he was bound by these chains, they could not bind his soul. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“Little Xie, we will meet very soon... have you been thinking of me?”

He smiled, his eyes smiled and even his heart that had been lonely for so long was smiling at this moment.

In the midst of the raging winds, the armoured horses galloped on and kicked up clouds of dust.

At the places where the Upper Realm army went past, there were several Night Regime members dressed in black, veiled in the dark. They carefully watched every movement of the Upper Realm and the moment they saw that they were headed to a city that was at the borders of the Lower Realm, their figures immediately disappeared.

They were hiding in the shadows and a cold glint flashed by their eyes.

“Send a message immediately to Young Miss, the army of the Upper Realm has already entered the net and Young Miss can start her plan.” A member of the Night Regime said.