Chapter 2403: Beat Them to Death (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Not to mention that the amount of huge monsters from the Heaven’s End Cliff was unimaginably large!

Furthermore, the destructive power of a large creature like that would be increasing several more times when it was placed in a crowded place. Regardless of how much damage those huge monsters were able to bring to the troops of the Upper Realm, just them collectively making troubles here and there would be enough for them to be a real fuss to the Upper Realm!

Hua Yao’s words had made all of them to draw a cold breath at the moment. Everyone was looking at Jun Wu Xie with an astonished stare.

Jun Wu Xie had already gotten everything ready. The moment the army of the Upper Realm stepped into the Lower Realm, the battle had already begun!

“How... is the power of those huge monsters?” Jun Qing pressed his hand on his chest. The things that had done by Jun Wu Xie were complete obscurities since he didn’t hear anything, even a bit, about it.

“I was nearly killed by them with just one attack. Even Lord Meh Meh at that time wasn’t able to stand the blue fire they spurted out.” Jun Wu Xie told them her experience honestly.

The huge monsters that were selected by the Dark Region to guard the mausoleum of the Dark Emperor definitely had the power that wasn’t be able to compare with the power of a normal beast spirit. Those huge monsters were elites that were chosen from the Life World, a place which belonged to one of The Four Sides.

The strength of the Middle Realm may not be comparable to the Upper Realm, but there was a unique existence called The Four Sides in the Middle Realm, which the Spirit World was also a part of it. The Spirit World was full of spirits, so were the other three parties of The Four Sides. There wasn’t any human living there. All they had were just special life spirits.

Among them, the Life World was built up with various kinds of huge monsters and it was also the origin of most of the beast spirits living in the Spirit World. Either it was Qiao Chu’s Yin Yang Bear or Fei Yan’s Giant Ape, they were once a part of the huge monsters living in the Life World. The Life World had been raising many strange but powerful huge monsters. The power of those monsters was way far more stronger than the power of the beast spirits. Besides, they had their own consciousness and were smarter than the beast spirits.

You’re reading on .com Thanks!

During the year Jun Wu Yao united the entire Middle Realm with the name of Dark Emperor, he had gone to the Life World, thinking of choosing some strong monsters as his pets due to his personal interest. In the Life World, the strongest one would always gain the most respect and obtain the biggest right to speak. Those huge monsters which were once riding the whirlwind in the Life World had submitted themselves willingly to Jun Wu Yao and were brought back to the Dark Region.

Every life spirit that had gone to the Dark Region must went through the baptism of Jun Wu Yao’s blood. They were originally strong, but with the addition of Jun Wu Yao’s blood, they were able to break through the limits of the forces that the Middle Realm usually had, causing their strength to boost up to a shocking level!

As a person who had experienced the power of Jun Wu Yao’s blood, Tian Ze widened his eyes after he was being told that the huge monsters had each taken a drop of Jun Wu Yao’s blood.

Without mentioning anything else, just a drop of blood was already enough to prove how scary the huge monsters were!

The blood of Jun Wu Yao was able to force whoever drank it to make an irresistible obeisance to him. This was why even after many years since the Dark Emperor was said to be dead, those huge monsters were still loyally guarding the mausoleum of their Master, whereas the Face of Selvan which was given to Jun Wu Xie by Jun Wu Yao was a magic weapon that was used to command the huge monsters. Even if Jun Wu Yao didn’t show up, the huge monsters would still obey orders given by the one who was holding the Face of Selvan.

Before Jun Wu Xie entered the Spirit World, she had given the Face of Selvan to Ye Sha and his people. She had ordered some of the people in the Night Regime to go to the Heaven’s End Cliff and let the group of crazy huge monsters that were long hidden in the dark out to face the world!CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m