Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2415: Enough Nonsense, Let’s Fight（1）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The moment five Gold Spirits appeared, Xie Chang Ming and Wei Ya were jolted with shock!

How could it be?

They were in the Lower Realm and... there were actually Gold Spirits!

And the moment they appeared, there were actually five of them? !

Although the two of them had already surpassed the level of Gold Spirits, but in this pathetic and ridiculous Lower Realm, there actually were Gold Spirits... this fact alone was enough to make them extremely shocked!

One must know that even in the Middle Realm, Gold Spirits were extremely rare, and even among the entire Middle Realm, the only one person who ever relied on himself to become a Gold Spirit was the Spirit Jade Palace Lord.

However, Qiao Chu and others have revealed the strength of the Gold Spirit at this moment. This situation had shocked Xie Chang Ming and Wei Ya into a daze.

It was a known fact that the Purple Spirit was the highest level in the Lower Realm, how did these Gold Spirits came about?

If they didn’t see it with your their eyes, they would never believe it that in the Lower Realm there would really be the existence of Gold Spirits. What was even more shocking was that the age of Qiao Chu and others could be seen at a glance, at most they were in their early twenties. Yet, they were close to approaching the peak of a Gold Spirit. It would not be long before anyone could be in the position to guide them and give them pointers. With their talents, it wouldn’t be difficult to condense out a Spirit Ring!

Even in the Upper Realm, it was very difficult to have such strength at their age, otherwise the Spirit Ring would not be such a rare object.

“I really didn’t think that there are still a few brats that are still not a sight for sore eyes here in the Lower Realm.” Wei Ya sneered, even if he looked at him, the talent of Qiao Chu and the rest were also very good. Such young talents could already display such strength in the Lower Realm, if they were to enter the Upper Realm, Wei Ya could already affirm that several of them would definitely be able to condense out their own Spirit Rings in the future.

“Who gives a damn about what you see?!” Qiao Chu sneered as the Flame Dragon Gauntlets in his hand ignited a blazing flame, manifesting the flames of anger in his heart.

“Hmph! An ignorant brat that doesn’t know what’s good, but looking at the few of you who still have a bit of talent, I just praised you and yet you raise your fists at me. What good is following this little bitch? With your talent, if you want, just follow us back to the Upper Realm and you can get more than you have now!” Xie Chang Ming also saw that Qiao Chu and others were talented and he really could not understand. What good was there in following Jun Wu Xie, why would these youths want to follow her and limit their own future?

In their view, as long as they were willing to go to the Upper Realm, with their talents, and in a few years, it was highly possible that they might even replace the Top Ten Experts in the Upper Realm. Such a good chance was placed on a pedestal in front of them, yet they didn’t know how to grasp it.

“Are you done spouting all that nonsense? If you are done, let’s just start! Us Lords have no interest in your stinky dog shit Upper Realm! The only thing we are interested in is slaughtering all of you!” Qiao Chu gnashed his teeth as he stared at Xie Chang Ming, his face illuminated by the flames of the Flame Dragon Gauntlets.

Not only Jun Wu Xie had an enmity with the Upper Realm, they too had a blood debt with the Upper Realm. The moment they killed Yan Bu Gui, they were destined to be enemies with the Upper Realm.

If not for Yan Bu Gui that year, they would have already perished under the blades of the Twelve Palaces. They would never have been able to accomplish all they did today. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

To them, Yan Bu Gui was their Master whom they regarded as their Father.

For this blood debt, they will not live under the same sky with their enemies!