Chapter 2419: Battle of the Spirit Ring (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“What Nangong Lie said was true... She actually has a Spirit Ring?” Wei Ya’s eyes grew slightly larger in disbelief as he looked at the Spirit Ring resting in the palm of Jun Wu Xie’s hand.

Even though the Spirit Ring in Jun Wu Xie’s hand was not as eye catching as compared to Luo Qingcheng’s ring, but it was still a true and proper Spirit Ring.

One must know that in the entire Upper Realm, people who were able to condense out a complete Spirit Ring were far and few, and those who were able to do so were all talented individuals. However, standing right before their eyes – Jun Wu Xie, even at such a young age, was already in possession of such a complete Spirit Ring. It was just so unimaginable and incredible to Wei Ya.

When Nangong Lie spoke about this, no one in the Upper Realm could believe it. However, the truth was displayed right in front of them and they were stunned with disbelief.

When Luo Qingcheng saw the Spirit Ring nestled in Jun Wu Xie’s palm, astonishment flashed in her eyes as she did not expect that Jun Wu Xie would actually have a Spirit Ring.

The Jun Wu Xie from five years before, although she was a genius, she was evidently just a peak at the Silver Spirit level. It was not possible to have mastered the Spirit Ring within such a short time span.

Suddenly, a sense of uneasiness started rising up from the bottom of Luo Qingcheng’s heart. Her natural talent was unparalleled, but it took a very long time to condense the Spirit Ring. For her first time condensing the Spirit Ring, she used up years to condense the spiritual inscriptions. However, the time Jun Wu Xie spent on amalgamating the Spirit Ring, compared to Luo Qingcheng, was evidently much shorter.

In an instant, the sense of underestimation disappeared and apart from the hatred directed at Jun Wu Xie, the feeling of fear rose up within Luo Qingcheng.

Regardless of how Jun Wu Xie achieved this, such a person could not be allowed to continue to live! Even if there was no hatred or vengeance between Jun Wu Xie and her, there was absolutely no way that a person with such strength should be allowed to live. Who knows how much Jun Wu Xie would grow in the future.

Jun Wu Xie must be eradicated!

Luo Qingcheng narrowed her eyes, casting aside the contempt towards Jun Wu Xie and no longer retained a shred of hesitation as her slender figure turned into a ray of light and disappeared on the spot. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“So fast!” Fei Yan exclaimed with wide eyes. Even after gathering all the spiritual energy within his eyes, he was unable to catch Luo Qingcheng’s speed! What kind of level of spiritual power was this?! Can Little Xie really handle it?

Just as every one was getting concerned for Jun Wu Xie, the figure of the said person suddenly disappeared as well!

The speed at which Jun Wu Xie disappeared with, was not the least bit slower than Luo Qingcheng.

The figures of the two people were not seen again in that open space. Instead, in their place, a ray of silver and black light collided staggeredly with each other. Each time the rays collided, the shocks of the aftermath created waves of heat, and in those instances, the dust went flying. One could not see any fighting within the entire battlefield, but yet, numerous large cracks scarred the ground.

This battle has far surpassed the level at which regular people could participate! Just based on the spiritual pressure released by the battling duo, it was enough to cause people like Qiao Chu, who had already reached the realm of the Gold Spirit to have difficulties in breathing.

Others might not be able to see clearly the actions of Jun Wu Xie and Luo Qingcheng, but Xie Chang Ming and Wei Ya, who could also condense out their own Spirit Rings, could clearly see what was going on – and their faces had turned ashened at the sight.

In the chaotic battlefield, Jun Wu Xie and Luo Qingcheng were constantly fighting, but in a flash, hundred strokes have passed, but yet there was no clear winner. This was exactly what Xie Chang Ming and Wei Ya could not believe!