Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2422: Shocked (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“What?” Luo Qingcheng was stunned. Before she could even have the time to think about the actual meaning in Jun Wu Xie’s words, a beam of ice blue light suddenly flew towards her. The speed of it was so fast that there was no time for her to react to it and she was then blown away by that beam of light in a mere moment!

Luo Qingcheng fell heavily on the ground. There was an acute pain radiating from her shoulder. With both eyes widened in shock, she looked at the part of her body where she felt the pain from and found out that something had pierced through her right shoulder, forming a bloody hole !

At the moment, the entire battlefield sank into an awkward silence.

The pain that Luo Qingcheng had never experienced before was constantly being transmitted into her mind. The picture of herself being soaked in the colour of blood was something that she had never seen before, leading her to be dumbfounded by the scene for quite some time. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

“How is it? Are you clear about the difference between you and me now?” Like a crack of thunder, the cold and calm voice of Jun Wu Xie struck into Luo Qingcheng’s ears, causing her to recover from the shock right away.

Luo Qingcheng raised her head and looked in the direction of the place where Jun Wu Xie was standing at. Once she glanced over Jun Wu Xie, it was as if the whole person of Luo Qingcheng was struck by the thunder, her mind went blank on the spot!

The scene of a dark green Spirit Ring flickering with a soft gentle light on Jun Wu Xie’s right hand and another Spirit Ring twinkling with an ice blue thunder light on her left hand came into Luo Qingcheng’s sight at the very moment!

“Double... Double... spirit ring...” Luo Qingcheng widened her eyes unbelievably. She totally couldn’t believe what she had just seen!

There was actually a Spirit Ring each on both Jun Wu Xie’s left and right hand?!

How could it be!!!

Luo Qingcheng was so astounded by the view in front of her that her face turned pale immediately. When she saw the Spirit Ring on the left hand of Jun Wu Xie, the arrogant and complacent that were once shown on her face disappeared!

Double Spirit Ring.

In the Three Realms, the only person who had the Double Spirit Ring was the ruler of the Upper Realm. That person was also a top expert who Luo Qingcheng would never have the courage to go against with, and this person was her Master...

Throughout the ages, In this big wide world– the Three Realms, there was only one person who owned the Double Spirit Ring which no one was able to withstand its power. And it was also because of this unique constitution that had made him the dominator of the Three Realms.

All the people in the world thought that such incredible and unreasonable physique was a one and only thing.

But they would never ever think that they would be going to meet the second special one who also had the Double Spirit Ring– Jun Wu Xie!

“How... How come... Double Spirit Ring... How is it possible that Jun Wu Xie is a Double Spirit Ring?” On the other side, Xie Chang Ming was overwhelmed with terror because of Jun Wu Xie. Other than the few of them, no any other one was able to understand more about how powerful the Double Spirit Ring was.

It was by using such implausible power, the person who had the highest status in the Upper Realm was able to repress all the life spirits and become the ruler of the Three Realms.

The strength of the Double Spirit Ring was far beyond the range of the strength that could be achieved by the Spirit Ring. The power of the combination of two Spirit Rings was definitely not as simple as adding both the powers together just like solving an addition. The power that could be actually achieved by the combination was ten times more than the power of a single Spirit Ring!

“It’s over... Everything... is over...” Riding on the back of the horse, Wei Ya’s face was covered with cold sweat. Even if it was somebody calm like him, he still couldn’t believe everything he just saw.

No wonder...

No wonder Jun Wu Xie would have the guts to act so boldly and provoke the Upper Realm. No wonder she was able to behave arrogantly and challenge Luo Qingcheng in fighting one-on-one with her...

It wasn’t her being cocky but her for real having the strength to completely defeat Luo Qingcheng!

Double Spirit Ring...

It was a power that could never be surpassed by the Spirit Ring!

In just a very short time, it was as if Wei Ya had fallen into the endless abyss of despair...!