Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2429: Overwhelming Force (5)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

It was only after Jun Wu Yao got captured and when the Night Regime found Jun Wu Xie were all of this revealed.

The constant disappearances of Jun Wu Yao during the time he was in the Lower Realm, was not only to escape assassinations, but a greater reason was to complete this array.

This was also the reason why Jun Wu Xie brought the battleground to the Lower Realm.

Since the array has initiated, if the people from the Upper Realm dared to step into the Lower Realm, then their powers will be lost during that short span of time.

A hint of coldness glinted in the eyes of Jun Wu Xie. Five year of suffering in silence, five years of being resolute in seeking revenge, waiting, just waiting for the arrival of this day.

The figure of Jun Wu Xie transformed into a ray of silver light, like the scythe of death that moved noiselessly, reaping the lives of the invaders. The splatters of blood and heavy smell of death covered every part of the battlefield in an instant.

The Gold Spirits who came to the Lower Realm to plunder and murder were now crushed by the opponents they once dismissed with contempt.

Even though there was a certain amount of strength, but with a strong sense of indisposition and their bodies which were experiencing abnormal pain, it was difficult to maintain combat capabilities. On the contrary, having spent the past five year in intensive training, at that time, the Lower Realm army could finally show off their explosive power!

With the strongest platoon of Night Regime as the vanguard, Qu Lingyue’s army and the Rui Lin Army joined forces and continuously cut down the numbers of the surrounding Upper Realm Army.

Their attacks were not rapid, instead they were stable. Due to the years of training, it allowed the Lower Realm armies to work together with tacit understanding. They knew when to strike, and when to shield and defend their compatriots. With the push and pull of the battle, along with the rich battle experiences and the suppression of the past five years, the armies of the Lower Realm shocked everyone with their show of overwhelming battle prowess.

“Follow me! Charge!” Jun Qing led the Rui Lin Army and forcefully carved out a bloody path through the Upper Realm army. The Bone Corroding White Owl emerged from his body, the large figure was three times more powerful than the original. Under the command of Jun Qing, the White Owl turned into a whirlwind and used of its sharp talons and enormous wing span to plunge the Upper Realm army into a nightmarish battle.

The Rui Lin Army followed closely as they vented their repression.

Having nearly cost these enemies their Master, it was time for vengeance to be paid in full!

At the same time, the long sword wielded by Qu Lingyue performed a deadly dance, her light armour already drenched in fresh blood. There was not an ounce of hesitation within her eyes as her sword continue its dance of death. Her troops, seemingly infected by her, attacked with such speed and precision that it hardly allowed the Upper Realm army any change to take a breather.

In a blink of an eye, the number of troops of the Upper Realm army decreased significantly. The remaining troops not only had to resist the pain of the spiritual pressure, they also had to deal with their overly energetic opponents!

Xie Changming and Wei Ya continued to protect Luo Qingcheng, both of them stained with blood. Luckily their own spiritual powers were extremely high, so even under the passing of the great spiritual pressure, they could still maintain some semblance of strength.

However, they both knew very well that such a situation would not last long. As the spiritual power continues to flow, there would be a moment that their powers would decrease to that of a purple spirit which they hated. And there was only death awaiting them.