Chapter 2430: Overwhelming Force (6)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Cold sweat kept on dripping from the foreheads of Xie Changming and Wei Ya. It could be said that it was the worst situation ever. Five hundred thousand forces were now trapped in an extremely horrifying circumstances. They were most probably hopeless now.

“Lady Qingcheng! What shall we do now?” Xie Changming started to panic. Luo Qingcheng was the most powerful person among them and she was also the commander of the expedition, but Luo Qingcheng was constantly being provoked by Jun Wu Xie, causing her to lose her composure. This made them very anxious.

“Lady Qingcheng, by the situation now, you have to make a decision. I’m afraid that we can’t hold it any longer, is it necessary for us to retreat?” Wei Ya tried his best to calm himself down, but after watching the armies of the Upper Realm collapse one after another, he was no longer able to suppress the fear within him.

Luo Qingcheng’s face turned pale. Half of her face was terribly mangled with torn flesh and blood. It was so gross to look at that it made people want to vomit. The pair of eyes was filled with chaos. Thanks to Xie Changming and Wei Ya who were constantly speaking to her, she finally gained some of her composure back.

“Retreat? Nope! We can’t retreat! I want to kill Jun Wu Xie! I want to kill that bitch!” Luo Qingcheng went crazy at that moment. She would definitely not leave like a loser! The bitch, Jun Wu Xie, had destroyed her everything! She was not reconciled to simply escape like this! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

She refused to do so!

Luo Qingcheng’s answer made Xie Changming and Wei Ya shocked.

It was obvious that Luo Qingcheng’s mind had totally went blank because of Jun Wu Xie. She was no longer the Luo Qingcheng that was able to make any judgement and decision calmly anymore. Now, the only thing in her mind was the embarrassment Jun Wu Xie brought to her. All she wanted to do was to kill Jun Wu Xie, but she wasn’t clear about the current situation at all. How was it possible for them to kill Jun Wu Xie?

Not to mention Jun Wu Xie’s Double Spirit Ring that was almost invincible, the large number of armies from the Lower Realm was already enough to embroil them into further trouble.

At this moment, there was no much effort left for them to listen to Luo Qingcheng’s desire to revenge. If they were allowed to, how they wished they were able to escape and save their own lives, leaving Luo Qingcheng who was in complete delirium alone. But even if they got to escape, His Lord wouldn’t spare their lives if Luo Qingcheng died.

Before today, they wouldn’t think that things would turn out to be like this. The arrogance they had when they set off from the Upper Realm was now totally being trampled under Jun Wu Xie’s feet. There was no way for them to get up.

It was impossible for them to win the battle. The best outcome was to keep their lives.

Without further hesitation, Wei Ya immediately made his decision. Just by looking at the condition of Luo Qingcheng now, they couldn’t really adopt the decision she made. He made eye contact with Xie Changming, knowing clearly that the main thing they needed to do was to escape from the Lower Realm!

Escape from the Lower Realm and back to the Upper Realm, only then they would have the chance to survive!

Who would have ever thought that as part of the Top Ten Experts of the Upper Realm, they were actually forced to turn tail and run away because of Jun Wu Xie?

Nobody from the Upper Realm would ever believe that.

The moment Xie Changming and Wei Ya were getting ready to fight their way out of the besiegers and leave the place together with Luo Qingcheng, just like a nightmare, a figure suddenly appeared in front of them.

The silver armor was covered with the colour of blood. Parts of the armor that weren’t covered with blood were shining dazzlingly under the sunlight.

Jun Wu Xie came with the heavy smell of blood whirling around her. Wherever she went, there were bodies lying everywhere on the ground. Stepping on the trails of blood, she walked towards Wei Ya and the rest of them. Her gorgeous face was covered with a layer of frost, causing people to tremble with terror from the bottom of their hearts.