Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2437: The Return of The Dark Emperor (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations# Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The time in the carriage seemed to be frozen in this moment whereas the result of the battle outside the carriage was getting clearer as time passed.

The power of the army of the Upper Realm became weaker and weaker due to the reversal array. Under the siege of the three forces, they could no longer hold it on. They were utterly routed.

The Upper Realm wasn’t a place where battles often occurred. It was just that the armies gathered were strong in terms of strength while their battling experience in the battlefield was actually far less than the soldiers from the Lower Realm. If both were well-matched in strength, simply one adultman from the army of the Lower Realm could totally defeat the army from the Upper Realm.

And now, the disparity in both their strengths was cancelled off by the reversal array. The final result of the battle went without saying.

There weren’t many people left in the five hundred thousand forces. Some of them who were able to escape from the battlefield were also fleeing crazily all over the places. Every single one of them felt so regret about not having two more legs when their parents gave birth to them so that they were able to run away faster.

Being totally dumbfounded, Xie Changming stood in his place while looking at Luo Qingcheng who was being tortured by the Spirit Ring and there was nothing he could do. There were red blood and mangled bodies everywhere, as if he was standing in the battlefield of Asura and everything that came into his sight was as scary as hell.

They lost...

They really lost the battle.

With no doubt, they lost.

The face of Xie Changming looked so hopeless. The confidence that was once gleaming in his eyes disappeared. It seemed like his entire body was covered with frost that he didn’t even have the strength to move his finger. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

How would these experts who were once standing high in the clouds ever know that the day of them being defeated by the trash who they had never paid attention to before would actually come?

They might not be so dispirited if the one who had defeated them was a matched rival of them. It was exactly because of the huge difference between their strengths and capabilities, their pride wasn’t able to let them accept such outcome easily.

The thing that was destroyed by Jun Wu Xie wasn’t only their power to fight, but also the pride and arrogance which they had been holding up for years!

Tired and demoralized, the army of the Upper Realm fled in confusion. At this moment, the battle came to an end.

Wei Ya was caught after losing to Ye Gu in the fight and for Xie Changming, it was as if he had gone dumb, there wasn’t any reaction coming from him when he was being captured.

The roar in the battlefield slowly disappeared while the only sound left was the piercing scream of Luo Qingcheng.

No one would step forward and touch her. Also, no one would give her any help. Everybody just walk passed her and gathered towards the carriage.

They knew that the life of Luo Qingcheng belonged to Jun Wu Xie. Nobody had the right to handle her except for Jun Wu Xie.

At this moment, the battlefield went silent.

Inside the carriage, after Jun Wu Xie had finally calmed herself down, she pushed her hands gently on the chest of Jun Wu Yao.

Jun Wu Yao immediately let go off his arms with his hand still putting around her waist, not wanting to let go of her.

Outside the carriage, Ye Sha, Ye Gu and Ye Mei were kneeling on one of their knees in front of the carriage with all the members of the Night Regime too, kneeling on the ground behind them.

“The Night Regime welcomes the return of Lord Jue!”

The loud and energetic shouts reverberated through the heavens, cutting through the dark clouds that were floating in the sky.

With years of perseverance and determination, the Night Regime had finally waited until the day the Dark Emperor returned!

A dark figure walked out from the carriage. Five years had passed and today, the tall and straight posture of Jun Wu Yao had once again appeared in everyone’s sight. He was still as strong as the past him. His hand was holding firmly onto Jun Wu Xie who was standing beside him, as if he was hugging the most precious treasure in his whole life.

“I’m back.” Jun Wu Yao glanced over the battlefield. The charisma in his purple eyes had never weakened. His voice penetrated into everyone’s ears on the spot.

The Dark Emperor had returned!