Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2449: The Cute Lord Jue（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“At the very least, you’re married,” Qiao Chu said plaintively.

In an instant, Hua Yao stiffened.

The time when Qu Lingyue married Jun Wu Xie, it was Hua Yao who had disguised himself as Jun Wu Xie and gotten married with Qu Lingyue. All of these were just to prevent Jun Wu Yao from killing Qu Lingyue under berserk. How... How was he considered married?!!

Qiao Chu was still going to say something else but the glare from Hua Yao towards him had made him go complete silent. He shrank his neck and moved his stool closer to Fan Zhuo.

Fan Zhuo held his laughter. Among the few of them, he was the one who knew the most about the lifestyle of an ordinary person. Although he had been sick for a long time, the environment he lived in was far more normal than the others.

“Little Xie, you don’t have to do much. Things like preparing the wedding dress are all up to you to decide. You can either make it by yourself or ask someone to do it for you. This is not a big deal,” Not being able to stand the farce anymore, Fan Zhuo said.

Jun Wu Xie was just listening quietly, seemingly to have thought of something.

Fan Zhuo had also told her some basic knowledge about marriage and Jun Wu Xie was just listening to him without speaking a word. Until the moment Fan Zhuo finished his words, Jun Wu Xie sat on the couch for quite a while before she suddenly untied the Cosmos Sack on her waist and took out a clothes and the needle pouch which she often brought with her wherever she went from the sack.

Qiao Chu and the others watched the act of Jun Wu Xie in confusion, not knowing what was she going to do.

Until the moment...

Jun Wu Xie took out a silver needle from the needle pouch. With one of her hands holding the needle and the other hand holding the plain clothes...

If they still didn’t know what was Jun Wu Xie going to do up to this moment, then they would be really dumb!

“Not with a needle like this!!” Fan Zhuo looked at Jun Wu Xie speechlessly. This fella was really going to sew a clothes using the medical silver needles?

Moreover...

The clothes which she held in her hand was actually a plain white clothes...

The thread on the needle was even the thread used when sewing a wound...

Jun Wu Xie raised her head and looked puzzledly at Fan Zhuo.

“In my opinion... Just leave the wedding dress thing to your uncle... You-... don’t have to do anything...” Cold sweat ran down from Fan Zhuo’s forehead. He couldn’t really imagine the picture of Jun Wu Xie doing needlecraft. He felt that there wasn’t any problem for Jun Wu Xie to sew a wound but for her to do something like embroidery... Well, forget about it!

Jun Wu Xie became more confused. It was true that she didn’t know what she should do. Whether if it was during the past or the present, she knew nothing about marriage.

Romantic relationships were strictly banned in the organization. The only marriage that she had ever seen before after her rebirth was the marriage of Qu Lingyue and yet she wasn’t the one to organize the whole ceremony.

When Fan Zhuo was sighing for the standard of the common sense Jun Wu Xie had, a trace of fragrance drifted into the room.

“This smells so good!” Qiao Chu sniffled. The fragrance smelled very special. It was hard to describe the smell but it smelled really good.

Jun Wu Xie too, had noticed the fragrance. She moved her sight to the door, realizing that the fragrance diffused into the room through the gap of the door.

“What smell is this?” asked Hua Yao. Confused.

Jun Wu Xie stood up and walked to the door. She then pushed open the door of her room which was tightly shut.

The moment the door opened, countless flowers were like the tides, rushing into her room from the outside and in just a blink of an eye, the whole person of Jun Wu Xie was overwhelmed with a sea of flowers.

There were beautiful flowers all over the floor. The pavilion that was originally located outside her room went missing and there were only layers and layers of flowers left filling the sight of everyone. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It was as if there were hundreds of flowers blooming in front of them.

While being hit softly on the face by those fresh flowers, half of Jun Wu Xie’s body was buried in the sea of flowers with the scent of flowers whirling around her nose. With her eyes slightly widened in surprise, her eyes landed on the delicate figure who was floating in mid-air in a white clothes.