Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2457: Lovesickness

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The marriage of Jun Wu Xie meant so much to the entire Lower Realm.

The wedding ceremony was confirmed to be held after seven days. During the seven days of preparation, everyone was bustling around the Qi City.

For those who had received the news, they were either busy preparing the wedding gifts or entering the city to lend a hand in organizing the event. The residents in the Qi City had even started to decorate the whole city spontaneously. The lively scene had dissipated the oppression that had once pervaded through the entire city. Nothing could be better than the fact that a double blessing had descended upon the house.

On the other hand, Jun Wu Xie had nothing to do in the seven days as the ceremony was fully organized and handled by Jun Xian and Jun Qing.

Since the marriage of Jun Qing, the Lin Palace had not been holding such a blessed event for years. Of course they would be putting much effort in organizing the event.

Both the small little guys, Yue Ye and Little Jue were also busy running here and there, helping to prepare the ceremony. Even Blood Velvet and the other Ring Spirits were being called upon by Jun Qing to give a help for the preparations. There weren’t many flowering plants around the Qi City plus they were being pressed in time. Thus, few of those plant Ring Spirits were asked to decorate the city by forming the illusions of the flowering plants.

After returning to the Lin Palace, Jun Qing had handed Jun Wu Xie the wedding dress that her mother had left for her.

The fire red wedding gown was embroidered with beautiful flower patterns. Instead of being luxurious, it was very beautiful. It was as if the love and affection which the sweet lady felt for her child were all condensed onto every stitches and threads on the dress. Jun Wu Xie looked at the wedding dress in her arms for a very long time with her finger subconsciously sliding across the meticulous embroideries on the dress. Did mother have ever imagined the picture of her daughter wearing the wedding dress when she was making it?

As time passed day by day, Jun Wu Xie lived her life as usual, enjoying the leisure time she could hardly have. It seemed like the hustle and bustle outside the Lin Palace had nothing to do with her. She got a few days to rest thoroughly. Not a single person came to disturb her. Even Jun Wu Yao hadn’t appeared in front of her these past few days.

She thought that he might be busy preparing for their marriage.

Under the night sky, Jun Wu Xie was sitting beside the pond which was located in the yard. The moon shone its light on the surface of the pond while there were Koi fish swimming quietly inside the pond.

The next morning was her wedding ceremony but up till today, Jun Wu Xie’s emotion was peculiarly calm, as if the one and only marriage in her life was completely unrelated to her.

Even the little black cat was left speechless at her calmness.

However, with the personality Jun Wu Xie had, it was already a rare and commendable case for her to be able to think of getting married.

As for the others...

Well, it was better to not ask too much from her.

The wind of the night blown onto her face, bringing her a trace of coolness which belonged to the night.

A figure suddenly appeared in the quiet and secluded yard, slowly getting closer to Jun Wu Xie.

In a twinkling, Jun Wu Xie was encircled into a warm hug. The familiar breath made her loosen her alertness and get nearer to it subconsciously.

“I miss you.” A low and deep voice came into her ears, narrating the lovesickness of not being able to see her for days.

Neither did Jun Wu Xie reply nor turn her head back. With her eyes lowered down, she was just looking at the calm pond water, seemingly to be thinking of something else. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Without speaking again, the person behind her was just silently hugging her while being showered by the moonlight.

After a really long time, that person spoke again. “On this time of tomorrow, you will be my wife.”

“Yeah,” Jun Wu Xie responded softly.

It seemed like that person was smiling. The hands which were hugging her were slightly trembling, revealing the happiness hidden within that person.

“Little Xie, wait for me. I’m going to marry you tomorrow.”

“Okay, I’ll be waiting.” Jun Wu Xie nodded her head.

Just as the way he came just now, without making a noise, that person left quietly.

He left hurriedly, causing him to miss the faint blush that was emerging from Jun Wu Xie’s cheeks.