Chapter 2462: The Big Wedding（5）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The smile in Jun Wu Yao’s eyes thickened. He leaned his body a little forward and whispered beside the ear of Jun Wu Xie.

“As you wish.”

As the deep voice came, a warm breath was blown on Jun Wu Xie’s ears, rippling the calm lake in her heart.

“This place right here, it remembers every sentence that you have ever said.” Jun Wu Yao pulled Jun Wu Xie’s hand and placed it on his chest. He had never thought that such an encounter between both of them would lead him in establishing a relationship with Jun Wu Xie.

It was as if she was destined to be his beloved. From the moment she appeared in front of him, his entire heart had completely fallen for her, making them inseparable.

The time when they treated each other with just a cold-eyed stare, the time when they pointed their swords at each other and the time when there was blood splashing everywhere, who would have ever known that every single interaction between them would pull them closer to each other bit by bit, resulting them who were once strangers in falling into a never ending love with each other.

All of these were just like a dream.

Everything was so unreal to Jun Wu Yao that all he could only do was just to hold her hand firmly, as if only the warm sense of touch in his palm was able to constantly remind him that everything was actually real.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao with her eyes glinting.

She suddenly lifted her hand up and touched Jun Wu Yao’s face.

“Good boy.”

Jun Wu Yao burst out laughing. While being on cloud nine, step by step, they walked towards Jun Xian with his hand holding onto hers.

Every single step seemed to be a piece of memory that belonged to both of them.

He had once threatened her with all the lives in the Lin Palace to let him stay.

She had once said that she had no other choice.

He had once tried wilfully to provoke her emotion to see whether if there was any other emotions hidden under her icy face.

She had once pierced mercilessly into his acupuncture point of death with her silver needle.

He had once saved her dear grandfather in crisis and had taken the opportunity to trick the muddle-headed girl into giving him a kiss...

Maybe it was after the kiss that everything had become different.

He could no longer treat her as an interesting little thing anymore while she could also no longer threw her sarcastic comments onto him and treat him badly.

The two doors that were once tightly shut had each opened a small gap unwittingly after colliding with each other. When those gaps got bigger little by little, the breeze behind the doors would then blow across the hearts of each of them.

Silently and quietly, the two doors disappeared with only two souls left to be blended with each other.

She said that one day, she would be standing at the same position as him and she would fight against his enemy together with him.

She asked him to wait for her.

She said that she was definitely going to save him...

The bloody memory was so vivid and distinct. It was as if her every word had been carved into his soul, not being able to be wiped off even after a very long time had passed. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

She was destined to be his beloved.

There seemed to be no place for anyone to interrupt the wedding ceremony, even Jun Xian was only smiling while looking at both the people who were tightly holding hands.

It seemed like the solemn red tape was not needed between the two of them.

It was as if just by looking through the eyes, they could already guess what was each other thinking about.

It was just a really simple process. Neither did they pray to the Heaven nor pray to the Ground, although they were living under the sky and stepping on the ground, all the things they thought about was the ways of them overturning the world. The only person they bowed to was Jun Xian.

Even so, Jun Xian didn’t really have the courage to ask Jun Wu Yao to kneel at him. They just bowed to him ritually.

To be honest, no one would have the guts to fool around since there was a bunch of people, the Night Regime and the Ghost Army, monitoring the behaviour of everyone like a fierce tiger, guarding at the site.

After bowing to the senior, Jun Wu Yao immediately brought Jun Wu Xie back to the nuptial chamber, leaving a group of dumbfounded audience with a confused expression on their faces behind.

The wedding ceremony... was prepared so grandly, but... the whole process was actually this simple!