Chapter 2551: An Interregnum（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Within one night, the sky of the Sea Spirit City had changed.

The scheme which Yan Wan designed to specifically target at Jun Wu Xie had gotten himself buried in the pool of blood. The legs of those guests who had left the official residence were still shivering the moment when they walked out of the entrance of the official residence as they were still worrying whether if they were still able to leave the place alive at the previous second.

Jun Wu Xie had asked her subordinates to encase the dead bodies of Liang Shi Shi, Yan Wan and Old He into the wooden boxes. They were then thrown into the Sea of Death, ending up becoming the meals of the marine creatures.

All the original servants and the guards in the official residence had also been replaced by the members of the Night Regime and the Ghost Army.

Jun Wu Yao had ordered his people to clean up the bloodied side yard through the night. It was until the very last stench of the bloody smell had been completely gotten rid of, only then he was satisfied with it.

Until this moment, Jun Wu Xie had successfully ascended to the highest position of the Sea Spirit City, taking one of the seventy-two cities under her control!

Early in the morning of the second day, the entire Sea Spirit City had received the news of revolution. Those people who had once worked under Yan Wan were all worrying whether if Jun Wu Xie would rake up the past things to take revenge on them, whereas those who had earlier pledged themselves to “Yan Wan” were all secretly feeling relief about the choice that they had made before that, waiting for Jun Wu Xie to spare her time to promote them to a higher post.

But...

Neither did the revenge nor the promotion happen.

Since the first day when Jun Wu Xie became the City Lord of the Sea Spirit City, the first thing she did was to change all the formal leaders of every department of the Sea Spirit City, resulting the whole Sea Spirit City in going through a huge scope of personnel transfer. The members of the Night Regime and the Ghost Army were given the responsibilities to handle the main duties of the Sea Spirit City, and all the original workers were completely secluded from their works.

All the residents in the Sea Spirit City had been going through their days in agitation, worrying that the new City Lord would suddenly order a massacre for no reason. By then, they would just cry together.

However, their apprehensions were unnecessary because Jun Wu Xie had totally no means to pay attention to their thoughts. All she did was just to immediately arrange ships for the members of the Night Regime to fetch the remaining members of the Night Regime and the Ghost Army who were left on the isolated island back to the city.

Besides that, Jun Wu Xie had also specially visited the place where those Sea Spirit Beasts were being trapped in.

It was a place to cage those Sea Spirit Beasts that were caught by the Sea Spirit City when they were young. Before this, Yan Wan had prohibited Jun Wu Xie from entering the place, but now, there was no one else in the Sea Spirit City who was able to stop Jun Wu Xie’s steps.

Nearly hundreds of half-matured Sea Spirit Beasts had been fenced in a turbid lake. After their parents were killed, they were brought back to the Sea Spirit City by their ships, only to be slaughtered with all their precious organs being cut out after they grew up.

Beside the lakes where the little Sea Spirit Beasts were staying at, Jun Wu Xie saw quite a number of man-made ponds.

Inside those ponds, there were many matured Sea Spirit Beasts being tied up by the chains, not being able to make a movement. Their bodies were plugged in with numbers of bamboo tubes with one end of the tubes being deeply inserted into their bodies while the other end connected to the huge earthen jars that were filled with fresh blood...

The fact that the Sea Spirit City was able to maintain the supplements of the blood of the Sea Spirit Beasts, besides constantly hunting for the beasts, they had secretly caught a lot of adult Sea Spirit Beasts and trapped them inside the ponds. They would then suck their blood out without letting them die. They would feed the beasts, but at the same time, milk their everything out. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

After Jun Wu Xie saw those tied Sea Spirit Beasts that weren’t able to move, her whole person stunned. There was no way she would have thought that there was actually such a place existing in the Sea Spirit City.