Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2552: An Interregnum（4）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Those Sea Spirit Beasts, some have been domesticated since young, some were injured during the hunts and brought back alive to Sea Spirit City. It was unknown how long these beasts have been trapped in this dirty, dinghy place. No one knew as well how long these beasts have had to endure the constant, torturous pain. Their eyes have long since lost the light as they stayed numbed within the pool.

Even as they saw Jun Wu Xie and others approaching, these beasts did not have a single reaction. They were like a pile of zombies without any movements.

The eyes of Fei Yan and the others were rimmed red, and could not stand to look any more.

Qiao Chu glared with his red eyes and rushed to the side of the pool, as he wanted to quickly unplug the bamboo tubes that were inserted into the Sea Spirit Beasts. But he was stopped by Jun Wu Xie.

“You pull the bamboo tubes out now, they will die.”

Qiao Chu’s hand froze in mid-air as he looked at those numbed beasts, his nose could not stand the acetic stench.

“Little Xie, you save them.....” Qiao Chu looked at Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie nodded lightly and made Qiao Chu step aside. She didn’t hurry to handle the bamboo tube, she only raised her hand and put it on the head of the Sea Spirit Beast, closed her eyes, as she remembered the method that Zi Fei had once taught her, using her own consciousness to communicate goodwill to the Sea Spirit Beast.

Qiao Chu and the rest stood aside but were pricked with panic, and they didn’t know what messages were exchanged between Jun Wu Xie and the Sea Spirit Beast.

They only saw that the long-lost light was reignited in the eyes of the Sea Spirit Beast, and there was a glimmer of tears in that vague moment.

They had given up hope as they waited to be robbed of their last value, and then be slaughtered, but they didn’t think that.... They saw a glimmer of hope.

Rong Ruo also stepped forward, and expressed goodwill to those Sea Spirit Beasts. Her speed was not as fast as Jun Wu Xie, but she stubbornly persisted and did not care about the rapid consumption of her mental strength.

After all the Sea Spirit Beasts have been appeased, Rong Ruo’s mental power was almost exhausted, even the state of Jun Wu Xie was not any better.

“I need to invite Zi Fei here, these Sea Spirit Beasts have been tortured for too long. Although I have temporarily treated them, but I don’t have much knowledge on the Sea Spirit Beasts. Zi Fei and these beasts have lived together for many years, she would know what to do.” Jun Wu Xie looked towards Jun Wu Yao.

All these injured Sea Spirit Beasts, she still had some ideas. But with regard to the adolescent Sea Spirit Beasts, she had no idea.

Jun Wu Yao nodded his agreement.

Jun Wu Xie sent for those who had medical skill from with the Night Regime and Ghost Army and after giving them some instructions, they then started to pull out the bamboo plugs from the Sea Spirit Beasts.

Continuous moans of pain emitted from the lake, those bamboo tubes were plunged too deep into the flesh, the tubes and the flesh of the Sea Spirit Beasts have melded together. To pull the tubes out, the pain can be imagined. But these bamboo tubes need to be taken out, if not the pain would never go away. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The sorrowful moans attracted the adolescents Sea Spirit Beasts towards the lake, as they watched confusedly at their companions suffering in pain, fear and uneasiness occupied their hearts, they were still so fragile, and didn’t know how sinister the world could get.

Rong Ruo disregarded the block by Fei Yan, she sat by the lake, and even as her mental power dried up, she continued to work tirelessly, offering comfort to those adolescent Sae Spirit Beasts.

Pain, will finally leave these kind spiritual beings.