Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2553: The Soul World (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Under Jun Wu Xie’s leadership, in which she used her strength to suppress any dissent, the entire Sea Spirit City because an honest place. Even if someone discovered some “abnormal” practices of Jun Wu Xie, they could only watch silently, no one even dared to even fart.

The Sea Spirit City workshop was closed, the breeding area for Sea Spirit Beasts was also closed. The series of new practices put in place by the new City Lord made the people of Sea Spirit City confused.

However, Jun Wu Xie didn’t care about what they thought.

Sea Spirit City was now under her control, becoming her first base camp in the Upper Realm. This made everything she needed to do in the future easier.

The men from the Night Regime arrived in batches, and at this time, Jun Wu Xie had another plan in the works.

The goal in the Upper Realm was simple. Since the first step was well taken, they could continue walking on.

Jun Wu Xie had Hua Yao and others stay in Sea Spirit City to stabilise the situation within the city, and to settle the Night Regime troops that were arriving soon. She discussed with Jun Wu Yao about the journey to the Soul World.

Although she had the medicine given by Zi Fei, Jun Wu Xie no longer had to worry about the sudden attacks and pain. But Zi Fei has said that the medicine was only a temporary measure against the pain, she could not entirely cure the inner clash of energies within Jun Wu Xie. If Jun Wu Xie wanted a cure once and for all, she had to make a trip to the Soul World.

Also, within the Soul World, they could possibly find the souls of Jun Gu, Yan Bu Gui and Grandmaster Ren Huang. She definitely had to go.

Jun Wu Xie was leaving Sea Spirit City, she didn’t want to leave in secrecy but openly. Sea Spirit City had not have Sea Spirit Beasts enter into their accounts for several months, and the original inventory of beasts was running low. If in the future they didn’t send more Sea Spirit Beasts products, the Upper Realm would definitely start questioning the matter. Jun Wu Xie intended to use the excuse that the Sea Spirit Beasts were getting more scarce and open up a new sea route to temporarily leave.

This way, they could avoid questions from the Upper Realm and also had a legitimate reason. This was killing two birds with one stone.

Jun Wu Xie had wanted to wait for Zi Fri to arrive and discuss with her regarding the matters of the Sea Spirit Beasts etc. But with the decrease of the inventory, if she didn’t leave, she was afraid that the men from Upper Realm would come to Sea Spirit City to question her. She could only instruct Rong Ruo and let Rong Ruo convey her intentions. Afterwhich, she followed Jun Wu Yao to the Soul World.

The Soul World was on the edge of the Upper Realm. It was very similar to the Spirit World. It had no concrete soil and earth. There was only a virtual Soul Residence. The Spirit World was supported by the Spirit Lord, but in the Soul World, it was supported by the source of all souls, the Soul Tree.

Jun Wu Xie’s flight speed was extremely fast, and it didn’t take long for her to reach the entrance of the Soul World with Jun Wu Yao.

It was a huge round star, and seen from far away, it was a dense jungle that was suspended in the air, only a thin ray of light can be seen from the side, but seen from the front, it was a great disc. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“To enter the Soul World, we must take out our souls? Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao and asked.

Jun Wu Yao nodded.

Jun Wu Xie was very cooperative as she closed her eyes and left Jun Wu Yao to handle it.

Jun Wu Yao raised his hand over Jun Wu Xie’s forehead, under the cover of a faint magical spirit, Jun Wu Xie’s body once again slightly changed, but her soul was extremely powerful so she would not be transparent again. But her soul had taken a more solid physical form, and the appearance of her soul changed into the appearance of her previous life.

When that familiar face appeared in the eyes of Jun Wu Yao, the calmness of his eyes once again was stirred up in waves.

It was obviously different from her usual appearance, but he didn’t know why, it still made his heart beat faster.