Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2557: Chaos in the Soul World (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Without them knowing when, Jun Wu Xie appeared in front of them with her hand already grabbing tightly onto the end of the long whip that was being flung by the watchman.

The watchman staggered. The moment he turned his head and saw Jun Wu Xie, an astonishment flashed across his eyes.

When did this fella jump out? Why didn’t they notice anything?

“You whore, you want to die, huh?” The watchman glowered at Jun Wu Xie who appeared all of a sudden with his teeth clenched. He wrenched the long whip in his hand, trying to get it off from Jun Wu Xie, but no matter how much force he used, the whip which Jun Wu Xie held in her hand did not move even a bit.

“Jun’s little lass, watch out! There are runes on the whip, it will hurt you!” Long Jiu didn’t even have the time to think why was Jun Wu Xie here, he was just shouting anxiously at her.

The Whip of Runes was made specifically to tackle the soul entity. There wasn’t any runes on the handle of the whip and thus, it wouldn’t bring any damage to the soul entity, but if one came into contact with its rope, one would then suffer the acute pain of a lightning strike.

However, Jun Wu Xie just glanced over the Whip of Runes in her hand with her cold eyes. Not only didn’t she showed any fear, she grasped the whip even more tightly.

“Why are you guys standing dumb? Take the whore down!” The watchman looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was actually a soul entity who was able to touch directly on the cursed artifacts without getting hurt? Where the hell did this whore come from?

The other watchmen who were standing in stupefaction immediately regained their consciousness. They straight off gave up on the acts of stopping those convicts and plunged themselves towards Jun Wu Xie.

With a gaze of coldness flaring across her eyes, the hand of Jun Wu Xie which was holding the long whip exerted an abrupt pulling force onto the whip. It was such a strong force that she had actually snatched the whip away from the watchman’s hand! Grabbing onto the long whip, Jun Wu Xie turned and twisted her wrist, causing the whip to swing around with its afterimages dancing in the air. The swift and fierce whip was just like a thunderbolt, sweeping away those watchmen who were about to pounce onto her in just an instant!

With a bang, those watchmen fell onto the ground, and the parts of their bodies that had been whipped were radiating spicy pain. When had they ever experienced the greatness of the whip with their own bodies?

But, Jun Wu Xie had no thoughts of going easy on them. It was as if the whip that was appended with runes had its own life when it was held in her hand, flinging up and down. Before the watchmen could even get themselves up from the ground, they would once again suffer a series of torture!

In just a twinkling, there were painful screams lingering one after another in the serene forest.

Eyes widening, every single soul entity who was tied up by the chains looked unbelievably at the scene in front of them.

Even Long Jiu was so shocked that his chin fell onto the ground.

This was the first time he saw a soul entity who would just ignore the power of the cursed artifact and forcefully snatch it away from the opponent.

The watchman who had been yelling and shouting at Long Jiu just now had already been whipped by Jun Wu Xie to the point that he could only lie on the ground, constantly twitching.

Even if it was only a light lash, the cursed artifact would still bring the soul entity a huge pain, and since Jun Wu Xie had no mercy in holding her force back, once the whip strapped onto the watchmen, it would just take half their lives away.

Not even having the strength to get up, all the watchmen could only do was just crawling on the floor, moaning in pain, let alone launching a counterattack.

One after another, the brisk whipping sounds interwove with the wailing voices. The soul entity wouldn’t bleed, and of course, there wouldn’t be any bloody smell smelt. It could be said that Jun Wu Xie had zero burden when carrying out the abuse.

Jun Wu Xie finally stopped her act after the watchmen were beaten into a coma. She then swung the whip and flung it towards Long Jiu and the other spirit lives!

Those soul entities were so scared that their entire bodies shuddered, but the expected pain did not appear.