Chapter 2561: Soul Prison (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

If this request was asked by someone else, Long Jiu would definitely toss a big flat slap onto the person’s face, but if the said person was Jun Wu Yao...

Even if Long Jiu didn’t want to, he must still admit that the strength of Jun Wu Yao was astonishingly strong, or else there was no way he could leave the Soul World with the seed of the Spirit Tree.

“Then, tell us now, the current situation of the Soul World,” Jun Wu Yao said.

Long Jiu told them everything he knew about the Soul World, but actually, it hadn’t been a long time since he returned to the Soul World so he didn’t really know much about the current situation. He only knew that the matter escalated and became really big since quite a number of spirit envoys with high status had chosen the side of betrayal. Those spirit envoys who were together with him were all soul entities without outstanding strength, and hence, the info they got in their hands too, wasn’t that much.

The only thing they knew was that whoever refused to obey them would be imprisoned, and Long Jiu had also heard it from the other spirit envoys, that Qin Song had been caught. He was now being locked up in the prison.

“During that time, I had split up with Old Five. Since Old Five is stronger than me, he said that he’ll go and have a look around the Spirit Tree and I’ll be staying in the Soul World to keep an eye on the other things. In my opinion, if you guys are really going to help us, the first thing we should do is to find Old Five. He definitely knows more than me,” said Long Jiu. The things they knew about the situation of the Soul World now were just some trivial things.

Long Jiu didn’t even know which spirit envoys had participated in the betrayal.

“Where’s Qin Song being held at now?” asked Jun Wu Xie.

Long Jiu scratched his head, “He seems to be locked up in the Soul Prison. The place is used to lock up those soul entities who have done something wrong. There are Soul Reaping Stones inside the prison which are used to suppress one’s soul power. I heard it from the watchmen before this, that they are also going to send us there. I guess Old Five should be there too.”

Long Jiu’s explanation was a little bury, but it really wasn’t his fault that he only knew that much, after all, he wasn’t the type of person who was good at thinking.

The other spirit envoys too, were in a state of muddle as the information that they were able to give was pathetically less.

Without further ado, Jun Wu Xie woke those watchmen who had gone into coma after suffering from the whipping up and asked them one by one. Those watchmen were originally the spirit envoys of the Soul World, but since their strength was weak, there was no way they could get a good position in the Soul World. Even though the ambience in the Soul World was simple and unsophisticated, plus there wasn’t any malicious and treacherous fight happening in the place, but once there was the existence of a soul, moreover a human’s soul, it was certain that the soul would consist of emotions and feelings. With these emotions existing, there would also be the soil to grow and nurture those dark and negative thoughts, leading them in abandoning their faith while choosing the path of a traitor.

And now that they had fallen into Jun Wu Xie’s hand, these guys had absolutely nowhere to turn for help. Jun Wu Xie straight off swung the Whip of Runes in her hand and those watchmen immediately got so frightened that their faces turned pale. Before Jun Wu Xie was going to carry out some interrogations, they had already spat all the things they knew out from their mouths.

Nevertheless...

Even if they had betrayed the Soul World, they were just some insignificant minions who were in charge of escorting those spirit envoys who were still being persistent in not surrendering. They had totally no rights to touch the important matters.

They didn’t obtain any useful information even after asking for a very long time. Without thinking much, Jun Wu Xie gave up the plan of asking them and straight up prepared herself together with Long Jiu and the others, getting ready to head to the Soul Prison in order to find Qin Song.

With the condition now, they would be able to get more information only if they found Qin Song.

But actually, if it wasn’t for the Spirit Tree to be controlled by the traitors, there was no need for Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao to waste so much effort. Jun Wu Yao suggested to go to their headquarters right away and attack them, but he was then stopped by Long Jiu who had grabbed onto his legs, crying...Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)