Chapter 2567: Meng Qiu (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“He himself,” said Qin Song suddenly.

“He himself?” Jun Wu Xie was confused.

Qin Song narrowed his eyes, “He has turned himself into the root of the seal that was being cast on the Spirit Tree. Whoever that tries to hurt him is the same as destroying the Spirit Tree.”

Qin Song’s words had gotten Jun Wu Xie stunned at the moment.

She finally understood why would Qin Song feel so hopeless. The life of their enemy was connected to the Spirit Tree, and if they wanted to defeat their opponent and save the Spirit Tree, they must cause damages to Meng Qiu, but the injuries on Meng Qiu’s body would then be converted onto the Spirit Tree.

It might well be asked...

Which loyal and devoted spirit envoy would dare to do such a thing?

Though Jun Wu Xie had never met Meng Qiu, just by the scheme which he prepared beforehand, it was already enough to prove that he was an extremely cunning and resourceful foe.

“Do you guys understand about the situation in the Soul World now? We could only choose to surrender if we want the Spirit Tree to be safe. There’s no way for us to fight against Meng Qiu, or else the one to be hurt isn’t him but the Spirit Tree.” Qin Song’s eyes were filled with despair. Not a single spirit envoy who was being locked up in the prison was willing to do things that were able to hurt the Spirit Tree, and when facing Meng Qiu, there was only endless despair and helplessness left awaiting them.

While looking at Qin Song who had sunk into despair, Jun Wu Xie slightly narrowed her eyes.

The trick that conducted by Meng Qiu had completely cut off Qin Song’s and the others’ thoughts of rebelling. What a savage man of him.

“This is interesting. I didn’t know that there’s actually spirit life in the Soul World who knows about the Contemporaneous Knot.” A smiling voice came out of nowhere all of a sudden.

Abruptly, Qin Song who was in a state of despair tilted his head up. Looking through the air outlet, he saw a familiar figure stepping forward from behind Jun Wu Xie. The figure got bigger and bigger in size in Qin Song’s eyes, instantly driving away all his consciousness from his mind.

“Ye Jue?” With his eyes widening, Qin Song gazed at Jun Wu Yao who had walked into his sight without him knowing when.

Since when Jun Wu Yao left the Upper Realm, they had never once met face to face with him again. The purpose of he, Long Jiu and Situ Heng leaving the Soul World to travel around the Three Realms for thousands years was to search for him, but... even before they returned to the Soul World, they hadn’t been able to meet Jun Wu Yao.

Who knew that...

They would be going to meet again with each other in such a circumstance.

“Lord Ye Jue, what do you mean by those words just now? The Contemporaneous Knot?” Qin Song was so surprised at the instant. Subconsciously, he called Jun Wu Yao with the honorific title that was given to him in the past.

Before Jun Wu Yao left the Upper Realm, he was said to be the constant visitor of the Soul World. Although the Spirit Tree was unable to speak, they could still feel that the Spirit Tree welcomed the visit of Jun Wu Yao very much. Furthermore, due to the powerfulness owned by Jun Wu Yao, the spirit envoys in the Soul World during that period of time often showed their great reverence for him.

It was just that the words “Lord Ye Jue” had long disappeared in the Soul World for years. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The Contemporaneous Knot is a type of seal that could be only used among the soul entities. Meng Qiu is quite talented, and he might be the only one in the entire Three Realms who is able to build the knot with the Spirit Tree, whereas you guys... It had been so many years but no one of you has actually noticed even a bit of unusualness. You guys are really... dumb.” Jun Wu Yao stood in front of the door, looking at the astounded face of Qin Song and casually let out a chuckle.

“Lord Ye Jue, you know about the seal? If so, do you have any solutions...” Vehemently, Qin Song leaned against the door with his pair of eyes seemingly to be lit on fire.