Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2577: Soul Ascending Altar (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Soul Ascending Altar was located at the corner of Soul World, and it sat atop the Soul Mountain, with the Soul Devourer behind it.

The surrounding was silent, even those bird-type spirit lives did not dare near this area. Ashen green water ran through the Soul Devourer River at the foot of the mountain. The river was seemingly clear but it looked like a deep abyss as the bottom of the river could not be seen. The water in the Soul Devourer River was rumoured to drank by those who have committed grave mistakes or by those who had impure thoughts. Drinking water from the river would bring severe pain to the soul, but at the same time, it could wash away the seven emotions and desires in the soul.

The seemingly clear river, but it seems to have no bottom, the end of the year cannot see the bottom of the river, the water in the soul-seeking river, the rumour is to give those who made mistakes, and the mind is not pure, let the people drink, the river will drink The soul brings the pain of heart-breaking, but at the same time, it would wash away the seven emotions and six sensory pleasures within the soul.

To erase the growing darkness from within the soul and to restore the original purity. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the beginning of the establishment of the Soul World, every five years, all the souls who were born and stayed in the Soul World would go to the Soul Devourer River and drank the water from the river in order to wash away the darkness that might have been retained in the past years.

But the pain brought by the water was indescribable, that heart-rending, soul-splitting torment, was the Soul World’s greatest torture.

Every five years, those spirit lives who come to drink the river water, came with a very heavy sense of tension, as they waited for the inevitable pain.

This habit was sustained for many years, one generation after another, they long considered it to be one of the rules of Soul World.

It was unknown which year it started, but a Spirit Envoy, who after drinking the water, went to the Spirit Tree to lament about the torment after ingesting the Soul Devourer River water. The benevolent Spirit Tree could not stand it, and erased this tradition from Soul World.

Right at the start, there were still some stubborn and old fashioned Spirit Envoys who persisted with the tradition. However, as time passed, the Spirit Envoys who made the journey grew lesser.

Within the last thousand years, there was no longer any Spirit Envoys who came to the Soul Devourer River to drink its water.

Meng Qiu walked to the Soul Devourer River alone. He looked down at his reflection floating on the surface of the river; tall, straight, cold, calm, he could not remember how he looked when he first saw himself reflected by the water. He also could no longer remember the pain which permeated the soul when he drank the water.

After a moment’s pause, Meng Qiu continued on to Soul Mountain.

On top of Soul Mountain sat the Soul Ascending Altar. It was supposed to be guarded by Meng Qiu and several other powerful Spirit Envoys. But now, those who had guarded the place were long gone. The mountain was filled instead with many black armoured, resolute and murderous soldiers.

The strange thing was, the eyes of the soldiers were not gray as they should be if they were from Soul World, but their eyes were brown... just like the humans from the Upper Realm.

The spirit lives who had not experienced reincarnation, their eyes were gray. The spirit lives who had entered reincarnation, and even if they returned to Soul World after death, their eyes would still hold traces of black or brown, a reflection of their time in the Upper Realm.

Very evidently, the men guarding the Soul Mountain these days were not Spirit Envoys from the Soul World, but in fact a group of human souls from the Upper Realm.

Those soldiers, who saw that Meng Qiu had arrived at the peak, took a uniformed and orderly step back to make way for Meng Qiu. The weapons they held were cursed and could bring great harm to a spirit life.

From the foot of the mountain to the peak, the sacred altar that stood on the top of the mountain could be seen. It was built by with a whole piece of Soul Reaping Stone. Beside the altar, the number of souls from the Upper Realm was somewhat overwhelming.