Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2578: Soul Ascending Altar (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Those soldiers did not make their way immediately for Meng Qiu when they saw his figure. Instead, they blocked in front of Meng Qiu with a cold face, standing stone still.

However, Meng Qiu, the one who had taken the entire Soul World under his control, had not aroused any bits of discontent within him due to their blockage. Contrarily, he kept away the imperiousness in his eyes and spoke in a deep voice, “This is Meng Qiu, who has some important things to meet Lord Jun Gu.”

Still, those soldiers did not give out the way but just let someone enter the Soul Ascending Altar to inform the said person. After receiving the order a few moments later, only then they let Meng Qiu in.

Entering the region of the Soul Ascending Altar, even though he hadn’t stepped into the exact place yet, the energy produced by the large amount of Soul Reaping Stones had already given Meng Qiu the feeling of his soul power being suppressed. Instead of looking around, he kept his eyes straight and followed behind the soldier who was leading him moving forward.

Not knowingly when, there were rows of sheds built beside the Soul Ascending Altar. They were all made of the Soul Reaping Stones, and there wasn’t any vents in the room, except that the sides of the sheds that were facing the altar were all enclosed with numerous iron poles. Behind the poles, it could be clearly seen that there were a lot of spirit envoys imprisoned inside the sheds. Eyes losing focus, they looked extremely wan and dejected, curling themselves up in the narrow space while trembling in fear.

Compared to those spirit envoys who were locked up in the Soul Prison, the conditions of these spirit envoys were way more scarier. It was as if they had lost their souls. Even when Meng Qiu passed by in front of them, there was still no response coming from them. They were just crouching in a group with their bodies trembling, as if they were a group of sheep that were waiting to be slaughtered.

There was a spacious and huge palace towering splendidly among the rows of crude and somber small dwellings. A few of brown-eyed soldiers were standing in front of the entrance with their hands carrying the cursed artefacts. After seeing Meng Qiu who was brought by their comrade, they slowly opened the entrance door of the palace.

As the door was being pushed open, a creaking sound was heard, echoing beside the ears of Meng Qiu. With his eyes looking deep, Meng Qiu stood still while he waited for the path in front of him to be opened.

“Please,” said the soldier who had led him to the palace in a deep voice.

Only then Meng Qiu raised his head and walked into the palace.

There was a strange aroma pervading inside the big and bright palace. It wasn’t as sweet as the fragrance of a flower but more of the smell of an incense wood. On the main seat in the big hall, there sat a charming looking and charismatic man, dressed in a black armor. It was the deepest colour of all, but he looked unreasonably stunning in the armor. He was sitting on the highest position, well-postured. The handsome face seemed to be a masterpiece created by God, whereas there was a trace of sharpness and composed quality, which did not match well with his appearance, found in his pair of clear eyes.

The man seemed to be in his early twenties, but the imposing aura radiated from all over his body was so strong that it couldn’t be neglected by anyone else. Even when it was Meng Qiu who was facing the man, the aura he possessed submissively got weaker.

“Meng Qiu has come to meet you, Lord Jun Gu.” Lifting the hem of his clothes, Meng Qiu kneeled on his single knee in front of the man.

Jun Gu who was sitting on the main seat slightly raised his eyes and looked at Meng Qiu. There was a petite woman with a tender but gloomy face standing beside the man, who too, looked in the direction of Meng Qiu.

“What’s the matter?” Casually, Jun Gu spoke. It was such a euphonious voice, gentle without losing its domineering tone. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Gazing down at the shiny marble floor, Meng Qiu was able to look clearly at Jun Gu’s face from the reflections on the floor. His eyes were deep and abstruse, and his face was so familiar to him, but at the same time, strange.