Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2593: Breaking the Seal (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

She actually wanted to summon Blood Velvet and Poison Ivy, but who knew, with one summoned by Jun Wu Xie, six figures appeared in front of her eyes.

Little Lotus, Poppy, Crystal Orchid and Corpse Flower actually jumped out as well.

Jun Wu Xie was slightly stunned, without waiting for her reaction, Little Lotus, with stars in its eyes, ran towards the Spirit Tree, both its arms wide open as if it wanted to cling onto the Spirit Tree.

“So comfy....” Little Lotus squinted its eyes, its little face stuck on rough bark of the tree trunk, fully intoxicated.

Although Poppy and the others’ expressions were of comfort, they still maintained some form of self-control. Although uninvited, they stood earnestly to the side.

“What are you guys doing?” Jun Wu Xie looked at Corpse Flower and the rest of the Plant Spirits in confusion, this was the first time that they have shown up voluntarily.

Corpse Flower wanted to speak, Crystal Orchid slapped a hand to his mouth. When the hand was brought now, there was a layer of ice on Corpse Flower’s mouth, in an instant, tightly sealing his ‘disastrous’ mouth.

Corpse Flower looked at frigid Crystal Orchid woefully, his eyes looked like they were going to drop tears.

He didn’t even say anything!

However, Crystal Orchid couldn’t even be bothered to look at him.

“Every soul originates from the Spirit Tree, and the Spirit Tree is considered a Plant Spirit, any spirit life near it will generate an undeniable sense of closeness. So....” Poppy was a bit embarrassed he spoke. As soon as Jun Wu Xie walked near the Spirit Tree, they were stirring restlessly. The most primitive impulse from the soul made them want to get closer to the Spirit Tree impatiently. So when Jun Wu Xie summoned Poison Ivy and Blood Velvet, the rest sneaked out together.

Jun Wu Xie raised her eyebrows, it was no wonder that when she neared the Spirit Tree, she felt an unusual comfort to her soul.

“Since a large part of the Spirit Tree’s powers are sealed, they are considered good like this.” Jun Wu Yao was lightly laughing as he stood to one side. Right now, Poppy and the others could still maintain self-control, but until the seal on the Spirit Tree was fully released, in terms of the scent of the Spirit Tree, having entered the Reincarnation Path and Poppy and the others who were born of the Three Realms would find that they were unable to completely resist the attraction of the Spirit Tree.

Jun Wu Yao wasn’t going to care that much, just let them be.

Blood Velvet and Poison Ivy walked behind Jun Wu Xie obediently. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

In order to release the seal from the Spirit Tree, it was necessary to dispel both Meng Qiu and the Spirit Tree at the same time. It wasn’t any burden to them to deal with Meng Qiu, but to face the powerful Spirit Tree...

There was a sense of hesitation from Poison Ivy and Blood Velvet. They were now pure souls; the spirit lives were born with an innate reverence to the Spirit Tree, to ask them to use their roots and vines to invade the Spirit Tree, that required courage.

After a moment of discussion, they finally decided that Blood Velvet was the one to unseal the Spirit Tree. Although Blood Velvet is usually all smiles, but within the Three Realms, he was the strongest Wood Spirit, and he was the only one who could slightly resist the reverence of the Spirit Tree.

Standing to one side, Meng Qiu finished commanding the black armoured Spirit Envoys and was ordered by Jun Wu Yao to quietly stand to the side. He could only look on helplessly watch was Little Lotus and the others appeared, his eyes silently widened.