Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2597: Fragments of the Soul (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The violent impact caused the mind of Jun Wu Xie to become extremely chaotic in an instant, and the picture in her mind suddenly became distorted, and the fragmentary pictures were still constantly flashing from her eyes!

Darkness covered her sight for a short moment. When she opened her eyes again, there was only Blood Velvet’s pale face in front of her.

“Mistress?” Blood Velvet was barely supporting the connection with the Spirit Tree, but the pain radiating from his shoulder made him turned to look at Jun Wu Xie in worry.

Jun Wu Xie had come to give him the soul power to let him resist the power of the Spirit Tree, and at the same time, used him as a medium to send soul power into the body of the Spirit Tree, in order to remove the Contemporaneous Knot bit by bit .

The moment when Blood Velvet slightly relaxed, he suddenly felt the power of the Spirit Tree rushed back along with the soul power sent by Jun Wu Xie!

This strange situation made Blood Velvet startled, he turned to see Jun Wu Xie, and found that the eyes of Jun Wu Xie eyes had lost their focus. The hands on his shoulders were constantly exerting strength and gripping. Blood Velvet did not dare to move an inch, the Contemporaneous Knot in the Spirit Tree had been resolved halfway. If it was disconnected at this moment, both Jun Wu Xie and himself would suffer damage would suffer trauma from the Contemporaneous Knot!

Seeing that Jun Wu Xie came back into being, Blood Velvet immediately opened his mouth.

Jun Wu Xie looked distractedly at Blood Velvet in front of her, whatever she experienced moments ago caused her to be dazed. Her brows were slightly wrinkled and she seemed to want to determine the images that appeared in front of her eyes were real or illusions.

The touch on her palm was solid, and completely different from the emptiness of the environment, and Jun Wu Xie was secretly relieved. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

“Little Xie? What happened?” Jun Wu Yao was unaware of the abnormality in Jun Wu Xie, and walked quickly to her side. His heart was anxious, but he did not dare to raise his hand to touch her.

Contact with the Spirit Tree was a very dangerous move, especially for the soul of a human being. Because Jun Wu Xie was spiritually connected with Blood Velvet, therefore using Blood Velvet as a medium, she could be contacted with the Spirit Tree. If he touched it randomly, it would only harm her.

However, the reaction of Jun Wu Xie caused Jun Wu Yao to be alarmed.

It was reasonable to say that there would be no damage when removing the Contemporaneous Knot. At most, they would be attacked by the Spirit Tree’s power. Jun Wu Xie had long harmonized with the seed of the Spirit Tree. It could be said that she had a certain connection with the Spirit Tree, so even if she suffered an attack, the seed of the Spirit Tree would neutralise the attack in the first instance, without further accidents.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao, but her eyes became blurred. Her look was awkward. She raised her hand subconsciously as she wanted to touch him, as if she wanted to prove that it was not an illusion.

Jun Wu Yao should avoid it, but unknowingly, Jun Wu Xie’s bewildered expression rooted him to the spot, unable to move.

The moment Jun Wu Xie’s hands touched Jun Wu Yao, an irreversible force suddenly broke into the soul of Jun Wu Yao, and pulled him into the darkness in an instant!

Jun Wu Yao dreamt, an illusory but real dream, everything in the dream seemed to have happened.

Within the unresolved chaos, he became a young child with a pair of purple eyes, ignorant and confused, helpless and indecisive in the darkness. By his side, a little devil who was as big as him, but that person had shiny, golden eyes and looked a bit silly.