Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2606: Helpless Sighs (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The eyes of Qin Song and Long Jiu were filled with disbelief. They heard a strange trace of pain from Meng Qiu’s words.

This pain came from the Spirit Tree.

“I have done so much. I desperately want to become the most powerful Spirit Envoy. As I hope that you talk to me more, but you have forgotten about me. I am so unsatisfied... I am reluctant... ...why those stupid Spirit Envoys can receive your care, but I can’t? Even when I betrayed you, betrayed the Soul World, you are still indifferent. In your eyes, what am I...” Meng Qiu’s soul had become a bit transparent. He knew that his time was running out. Some words, if not said, could no longer be said.

He didn’t care if Long Jiu and Qin Song listened to his own words. He didn’t care if they thought of him as a sad loser. He just wanted to get the only answer that had troubled him for thousands of years. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

What was he to the Spirit Tree!

However, no one could answer Meng Qiu’s doubts, and the vine of the Spirit Tree slowly retracted back.

The vine which was retracted back slowly was like the straw that broke the camel’s back. Meng Qiu laid on the ground in exhaustion, and his soul was still slowing dissipating away. His body had become extremely transparent, like the form of tulle; faintly discernible.

Everyone knew that Meng Qiu was dying. This was death’s true form. The dissipating of the soul could no longer be restored. He would disappear into the Three Realms forever and ever. There was no reincarnation and left no trace.

Qin Song and Long Jiu fell into silence. Meng Qiu’s last words made them realize that Meng Qiu’s betrayal was not about the temptation offered by the Upper Realms.

It came from his distorted feelings about the Spirit Tree. He wanted to monopolize the Spirit Tree. The reverent heart slowly changed with the passage of time. It gradually distorted, that even the distortion was beyond his control and finally led him on a path of no return.

At this moment, their hatred for Meng Qiu seemed to have faded a little, sympathy and helplessness floated into their hearts.

Meng Qiu closed his eyes and waited for the advent of his death. He still could not get the answer he wanted. If he died, it would not be contentedly.

Jun Wu Yao looked on in silence at Meng Qiu, who was getting weaker and thinner. Suddenly, he realised that Meng Qiu’s actions were similar to those in his dreams.

For the love in his heart, regardless of anything, he would rather be the enemy of the world and carry those curses.

Everyone was waiting for the moment in which Meng Qiu would completely disappear.

The quiet Spirit Tree suddenly trembled, and the dense foliage gave off a rustling sound, even though there was no wind, and it sounded so clearly in this quiet moment.

Suddenly, the leaves that were drenched in light started falling, and there seemed to be a force that gathered the leaves together, layers upon layers, in front of the eyes of Jun Wu Xie and the others, as they gradually transformed into a strange shape with a human appearance.

Suddenly, the light on the leaves blossomed!

A gust of wind rose from the ground and blew away the fallen leaves!

The leaves drifted along with the wind as they are turned into dark green clothes, and a slender figure was revealed from within the leaves and wind.

Dark green hair, contrasted with clear and fair skin, that pair of pale green eyes which were gentle and delicate like a spring breeze; it was a very beautiful yet gentle “person”. No one could tell the gender, but the beautiful ‘person’ made people drunk with enchantment.