Chapter 2608: A Helpless Sigh (3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Meng Qiu blinked his eyes as he stared at the Spirit Tree, it was as if he wanted to imprint the face he’s seen in this life as his final moment.

Silent tears slipped from his eyes.

Unwillingness, remorse, desperation, joy...

If he could tell the Spirit Tree earlier what he felt and thought, then... would everything not happen?

If he knew earlier that in the heart of the Spirit Tree he was actually so important, would he be reluctant to do all this?

“Ah...” Meng Qiu used his last sliver strength to open his mouth but he couldn’t even form a word.

Under the eyes of the Spirit Tree, Meng Qiu’s figure fluttered with the breeze and turned into tiny stars, as he forever disappeared into the Three Realms. Silent but with repentance which he realized as he died.

Sorry.

That was what Meng Qiu did not managed to say when he died.

The obsession within his heart made this loyal Spirit Envoy of thousands of years eventually embark on a path of destruction. However, unknown to him, everything he had done in his traitorous quest was already things that he had long possessed.

Long Jiu and Qin Song watched as Meng Qiu gradually disappeared and with that, the last bit of hate in their hearts also flew away with Meng Qiu’s spirit.

It was until the moment Meng Qiu left, did they realized that Meng Qiu’s request was not for the supremacy of the Three Realms, nor were the conditions given by the Upper Realm. From the beginning to the end, all he wanted was just a bit of attention and care from the Spirit Tree. He was willing to use the Contemporaneous Knot and buried it between himself and the Spirit Tree in order to tie his life and the Spirit Tree together.

He controlled the entire Soul World, but did not hurt the Spirit Tree.

His loyalty to the Spirit Tree had never changed. His faithfulness was only towards the Spirit Tree from beginning to end, not the Upper Realm, not the Soul World.

So even if the entire Soul World is destroyed, as long as the Spirit Tree was still there, he had no qualms.

What kind of obsession was it that made Meng Qiu’s mind twist to such a point?

The millennium-long desire, the millennium-long expectation, that could not escape the catalysis of obsession.

It destroyed the Soul World and ruined him.

Long Jiu and the others, at this moment, did not know whether to resent of Meng Qiu’s ruthlessness, or to sympathise with Meng Qiu’s sentimental obsession.

The soul had scattered. From now on, with the Three Realms, there was no such person. Even the Spirit Tree had no way to regenerate that broken soul.

One step wrong made, every step that followed was wrong.

“Sigh...” Long Jiu couldn’t help but sigh. He couldn’t understand the obsession in Meng Qiu’s heart, but he understood that the catalyst which forced Meng Qiu to embark on this was not something that could be easily explained.

As Qin Song looked blankly at the image of Meng Qiu dissipating, his heart was inextricably painful. The lingering light of his eyes passed over the petite figure standing side by side with Jun Wu Yao, and his heart felt like it was being crushed. A touch of panic emerged from his eyes.

Long Jiu could not understand, but Qin Song could understand.

If one asks and doesn’t receive, it will eventually drive even saints mad. If one doesn’t resolve the issue, then no one can escape. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Song turned his gaze downwards as he didn’t dare to look more.

In his heart, he knew that some people would not belong to him after all.

“Qin Song pays his respect to the Spirit Tree.” Qin Song took a deep breath, stepped forward and knelt in front of the Spirit Tree, and Long Jiu, who was standing at the side, immediately regained his focus and knelt in front of the Spirit Tree.