Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2621: The Soul Sacrificing Event (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The closer they got to the top of the Soul Mountain, the more dazzling the green light was.

With the strong light shining, even Jun Wu Yao wasn’t able to fly up directly to the peak of the mountain. He could only choose to stop flying at the mountainside.

The moment Jun Wu Xie landed on the ground, there came a large number of armored soldiers whizzing down from the top of the mountain, completely blocking in front of her and Jun Wu Yao.

Jun Wu Xie’s gaze turned extremely cold at the moment. By looking at the reactions of Qin Song and the others, she had already known about the greatness of the green light. The moment the thought of her father being at the Soul Ascending Altar came into her mind, it felt like there was a scorching fire burning her heart.

It had been so many years and she had finally gotten some news regarding Jun Gu. Both the father and the daughter would soon reunite with each other, but she couldn’t have thought that they would actually meet each other in such a situation...

Wrath was burning inside Jun Wu Xie.

If she wasn’t able to save her father, how was she going to face her grandfather and little uncle?

“Those who block my way shall die.” With a cold gaze glinting in her eyes, Jun Wu Xie slightly narrowed her pair of eyes.

At first, the soldiers from the Upper Realm were just busy keeping Jun Wu Yao on guard without paying much attention to Jun Wu Xie, but the moment when the soul power of Jun Wu Xie went up all of a sudden, the invisible pressure formed had caused those soldiers to covertly feel a thrill of terror!

Who the hell was this woman?

How came she had such a strong soul power?

“They have no way to stop us.” Jun Wu Yao was aware of the murderous intent shown by Jun Wu Xie. While chuckling, he raised his left hand casually, and a dark spirit shoot out of his fingertip. It seemed to be just a soft and simple attack, but it had actually blown off the bunch of soldiers who were blocking in front of their way, forcibly opening up a bloody path!

Jun Wu Yao was so strong that his powerfulness had actually made the soldiers go all weak at their knees!

Just as the moment when Jun Wu Yao launched his attack, the figure of Jun Wu Xie vanished from the ground which she originally was standing on and turned into a beam of ray, dashing into the battlefield, just like a thunderbolt!

At the instant... 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There were wails of dread coming from all directions.

The chaotic energy in Jun Wu Xie’s body had already been resolved by the Spirit Tree. Although the Spirit Rings couldn’t be used in the Soul World, the power of her dual soul form cultivation had gotten a perfect upgrade, and hence, the soldiers of the Upper Realm could no longer withstand the strength of her soul power.

The so called Gold Spirits were just a flock of sheep that were waiting to be slaughtered when they were in front of Jun Wu Xie. Before they could even get to catch a look at Jun Wu Xie’s figure, they had already been beaten up in the ass by her, let alone carrying out a counterattack!

While looking at the intrepid and valiant figure of Jun Wu Xie on the battlefield, there wasn’t any uneasiness in Jun Wu Yao’s eyes, but more of a pride.

His Little Xie had grown up. Just as what she had promised earlier, she was now able to fight beside him!

Without thinking much, Jun Wu Yao joined the battle at the moment. Together with Jun Wu Xie, he reaped all the lives of their enemies!

On the top of the Soul Mountain, Yan Xi stared at the huge light sphere which was floating on the centre of the Soul Ascending Altar with a trace of nervousness in her eyes.

“Lord Yan Xi! The strengths of Ye Jue and the woman he brought are too strong, we-... we might not be able to hold them back!” A soldier ran back hastily and kneeled in front of Yan Xi while holding a wretched expression onto the face.

There were more than ten thousand souls of the Gold Spirits but with Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao teaming up against them, they had actually made no use in blocking them. What was even worse was that Jun Wu Xie had called all her six Ring Spirits and the black beast out. Due to the boosting effect of the Spirit Tree, the strengths of the Ring Spirits had gotten to be doubled up, causing them to be able to fight against those Gold Spirits without having any stress!

The troops of the Upper Realm were being slaughtered all the way. There was no way for them to stop Jun Wu Xie’s step!