Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2624: The Meeting (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

As they exchanged blows, it was obvious to Jun Wu Xie that her opponent was stronger than her. And that astounded Jun Wu Xie.

According to what she had learned before, among the entire Upper Realm, except for the person sitting behind, the strongest exponent was Luo Qingcheng, but Luo Qingcheng had been defeated by her. It was reasonable to say that among the Upper Realm, unless that person personally came out, otherwise no one would be her opponent again.

However, the person who appeared today was obviously stronger than Luo Qingcheng, in fact, he was very much stronger!

It was but a short fight, and Jun Wu Xie already felt strained. The man’s moves flowed smoothly like water but each stroke was fatal. If the chaotic energy within Jun Wu Xie hadn’t been resolved, she would have been defeated.

Jun Wu Xie couldn’t help but wrinkled her brows faintly, she couldn’t relax her attack or defence.

On the other hand, Jun Wu Yao was cutting through the soldiers of the Three Realms like grass, sending them straight to hell. However, suddenly, he felt a strong presence entered the battlefield. He cast a glance at that direction and found a figure engaging Jun Wu Xie in an intense battle! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jun Wu Yao was stunned. He shook his arms and waved away all the enemy soldiers surrounding him, and rushes towards Jun Wu Xie!

When Jun Gu arrived at the battlefield, he thought that all this was provoked by Jun Wu Yao. He did not expect to see a petite Grim Reaper-like figure sweep across the battlefield, utterly defeating the Upper Realm soldiers. He didn’t hesitate to attack the little guy.

This fight had made Jun Gu feel very surprised.

This little guy looked young, but his strength was even more dauntless than he had imagined. If he wasn’t the enemy, Jun Gu would have liked to chat with this devil-like little fellow. After all, at this age, with this strength, even placed among talents of the Upper Realm, he would still be considered a top-notch powerhouse.

It’s a pity that it was not the right time. Jun Gu felt a trace of regret but he also wanted to find a way to quickly rid himself of the little guy in front of him.

At the moment when Jun Gu was ready to attack, a black shadow rushed into his battle with Jun Wu Xie, and a tyrannical force followed!

Jun Wu Yao hugged Jun Wu Xie into his arms, and threw a palm out at Jun Gu!

Jun Gu’s palm met his and the strong shockwave pushed both of them away in an instant!

The soldiers around them were unable to block the shockwave of this aftermath, and they were thrown back!

When Jun Gu’s figure landed and regained his footing, he looked at Jun Wu Yao who had interrupted their fight, the corner of Jun Gu’s mouth curved into a smile.

“So it seems, you are Ye Jue.”

Jun Wu Yao held onto Jun Wu Xie as they landed, and lifted his head toward the person who spoke. Jun Wu Yao was about to reply but was stunned.

Jun Wu Xie gasped slightly. If not for Jun Wu Yao who lent a hand, she would inevitably have to suffer a blow and a half. However when Jun Wu Yao landed on the ground, his body stiffened for a moment and this made Jun Wu Xie suspicious. She subconsciously raised her head, trying to see who was the exponent the Upper Realm was hiding. But when she saw the face of that person, she felt like she was struck by lightning.

The clear eyes widened and stared in disbelief at that ethereal and unaffected figure.

That beautiful face perfectly overlapped with the appearance in her memory!