Chapter 2628: Father and Daughter (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“All these are unimportant. What’s important, is that you are back.” For the first time, Jun Wu Xie felt an inexplicable excitement. In the Lin Palace, Grandpa and Uncle had looked forward for many years... and finally, there was a conclusion.

No matter what he had experienced, at least at this moment, he had returned.

No one noticed that in the midst of the chaotic battlefield, a slender figure was quietly watching all of this.

Not far, Yan Xi, who had followed Jun Gu all the way there, was shocked to see Jun Gu wearing a smile with a gentleness she had never seen before. It was obviously different from the rest of the days and without knowing why, Yan Xi felt that it was such an eyesore.

In the meantime, Yan Xi’s gaze fell onto Jun Wu Xie, and coldness seeped into her eyes.

It’s all because of her!

Yan Xi picked up the copper pipe hanging at her waist, ignited the rhinoceros horn in the copper furnace, the green smoke floated out of the copper furnace, and floated onto the battlefield.

No one will notice it.

On the other hand, Jun Wu Xie’s words shocked Jun Gu as he lightly smiled and said:

“Is it?”

He seemed to have missed out on a lot of things, he wanted to remember, but felt a little confused in his mind.

Just as he wanted to say something to Jun Wu Xie, suddenly, a strange smell floated out of the chaotic battlefield, and quietly broke into his breathing.

In the blink of an eye, there was a sharp pain in Jun Gu’s mind, and the hard-won, newly recovered memory was smashed in an instant!

The colour of pain permeated his face, and this sudden change shocked Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie’s chest tightened and she wanted to reach out and help Jun Gu.

But a figure appeared in between Jun Gu and her! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Whoever allowed you to touch Lord Jun Gu!” Yan Xi stood in front, determinedly blocking Jun Gu from Jun Wu Xie. As she glared at Jun Wu Xie, her expression was as if she can’t wait to eat Jun Wu Xie alive!

It’s all because of her!

Otherwise, how could Jun Gu remember amidst the confusion?

“Who are you?” Jun Wu Xie’s eyes froze in an instant.

Yan Xi gritted her teeth and clenched her jaw tight as she glared at Jun Wu Xie. She wanted to attack but he gaze was drawn to Jun Wu Yao who was standing just behind Jun Wu Xie.

She cannot fight against Ye Jue!

Yan Xi had already confirmed this point.

Having made a decision in her heart, Yan Xi took a step back and pull Jun Gu, who was in intense pain, away!

She could not let Jun Gu fall into the hands of Ye Jue

“Trying to leave?” Jun Wu Xie’s eyes turned cold and gave chase.

“Deter them!” Yan Xi immediately ordered, and the soldiers of the Upper Realm suddenly surged forward, like they didn’t care about their lives, and madly piled towards Jun Wu Xie!

Seeing that Yan Xi was taking Jun Gu away, the killing intent resurfaced in Jun Wu Xie’s heart once again. Jun Wu Yao caught up to her, and using himself as a shield for Jun Wu Xie, he cut down those Upper Realm soldier S in the quickest way.

Jun Wu Xie stared unblinkingly at Yan Xi.

Although the strength of Yan Xi was not comparable to Jun Wu Xie, but her speed was astonishingly fast. Instead it was not much slower than that of Jun Gu. In a blink of an eye, they’ve already opened up quite a distance from Jun Wu Xie and others.

Jun Wu Xie wanted to give chase, but the soldiers from the Upper Realm have blocked her way. No matter how fast she and Jun Wu Yao killed them, those people were constantly rushing up and disregarding their lives!