Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2634: Temporary Safety（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

At the moment, a dread that they had never experienced before came overwhelming every single spirit envoy. This was the first time they had ever felt... that the Spirit Tree was enshrouded with the shadow of death.

Eyes slightly widening, Jun Wu Xie looked at the Spirit Tree in front of her that was rapidly withering.

No wonder... No wonder it was so simple for her to destroy the Soul Sacrificing Event even though she herself hadn’t been much backfired by it.

This was because she was just a medium of the Spirit Tree. It was the Spirit Tree that had used the seed in her body to secretly send its power into the Soul Sacrificing Event, destroying the scheme of the Upper Realm.

The one who had been truly taken the brunt of the Soul Sacrifice wasn’t her, but the Spirit Tree!

Jun Wu Yao once said that the Spirit Tree wouldn’t interfere in the things that happened in this world. Jun Wu Xie believed it and she thought that even when the Soul World was being taken advantage of, the Spirit Tree would still not take any actions, but... at the end, it had failed to hold onto its principles.

The Soul World, the world which the Spirit Tree personally created and built with its own hands, and those spirit envoys who it had given birth to and raised had aroused an affection which shouldn’t be existing in the first place within itself.

The actions it made came from its reluctance towards the Soul World.

Even if it was just a plant, it wasn’t emotionless at all.

The withered yellow leaves fell onto the ground. The Spirit Tree that had once amazed Jun Wu Xie was no longer as what it had been. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The shrivelling of the Spirit Tree had gotten Jun Wu Xie stunned.

Long Jiu and Qin Song seemed to have been given a heavy blow. They didn’t want to believe the fact that the Spirit Tree was really withering.

The moment Qin Song recovered from the shock, he immediately rushed towards Jun Wu Yao. The calmness that he always had in his eyes had now been taken over by fear.

“Lord Ye Jue! What has happened to the Spirit Tree?”

Every single heart of the spirit envoy was permeated with an unprecedented fear. They couldn’t imagine it at all, the moment when the Spirit Tree left them...

The Spirit Tree had created the Soul World. It had also created the spirit envoys. To them, the Spirit Tree was immortal, and no matter how long had the time elapsed, it would always exist in the Soul World. But, the change shown on the Spirit Tree in front of their eyes had brutally demolished the faith which they had been holding onto for thousands of years!

“The Spirit Tree has taken the most damage from the Soul Sacrifice.” Jun Wu Yao frowned.

Qin Song was staggered at the fact. Suddenly, he kneeled in front of Jun Wu Xie on one of his knees, “Lord Ye Jue! Please save the Spirit Tree!”

Jun Wu Yao did not make any response, but he noticed that someone was gently pulling on the sleeve of his clothes. He turned his head and found out that it was Jun Wu Xie who was pulling his sleeve in his arms, brows furrowed.

“Let me go and have a look...” said Jun Wu Xie weakly.

Jun Wu Yao then brought Jun Wu Xie closer to the Spirit Tree. The face of every single spirit envoy was deadly pale. When they saw the figure of Jun Wu Yao, they looked at him with a gaze of pleading in their eyes. They couldn’t accept the withering of the Spirit Tree, and all they could only hope was that Jun Wu Yao had the solution to save the Spirit Tree.

Jun Wu Yao gently put Jun Wu Xie down, according to her request, beside the trunk of the Spirit Tree. After spending some effort in raising her head up, Jun Wu Xie stroke the rough trunk of the Spirit Tree. The originally tough bark was now as weak as the burnt soil. Just a slight touch and it would then dropped off from the trunk onto the ground, interlacing together with the withered leaves.

Unknowingly why, when the hand of Jun Wu Xie came into contact with the Spirit Tree, it seemed like she was able to sense the current feeblement of the Spirit Tree clearly. The originally tempestuous and surging power had disappeared from its soul, and there was only the last bit of soul power left inside the Spirit Tree. The Spirit Tree was astoundingly weak.