Chapter 2674: Unpredictable (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Fan Zhuo and others, who came out to the backyard to avoid the disaster, were sitting on the stone bench in the backyard and mindlessly chatting with each other.

“Hey!” Fei Yan was in an irritable mood, and as he saw his friends gathered together, he snorted in exasperation.

Qiao Chu and others immediately turned to look at him.

At the sight of Fei Yan, they knew that this fella must have gotten snubbed again.

“I said, Yan Er, why haven’t you made any progress for so many years?” Qiao Chu, with one hand on his chin, looked at Fei Yan with a gloating smile. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“How would I know? If I know what is wrong, would it still be dragging out till now?” Fei Yan sat on the stone bench in a huff, sticking his long legs up. Compared with the past adolescence, the innocence Fei Yan once had faded, in its place, a chic and elegant appearance.

“Let me tell you, this is called retribution! Who asked you to create so much mischief in the past?” Qiao Chu raised his eyebrows slightly, not sympathizing with Fei Yan’s predicament.

When Fei Yan was younger, he had a pretty face, androgynous in fact. He was responsible for collecting information everywhere. Therefore, it was no effort at all for him to disguise himself or change his appearances. At first, in order to find the whereabouts of the map, Fei Yan not only posed as a young, pretty girl, he also mingled around many elegant yet flirty men. Although he was evidently a man, he still made all these other men lust and fall head over heels for him; and they told him everything he wanted to know.

After Fei Yan had gotten the information they needed, he left them without another word, breaking many hearts in that process.

Later, after meeting Jun Wu Xie and under her plan, Fei Yan needed to ‘collect’ information less. After returning from Middle Realm, he no longer wore female clothing.

But...

Those who had been tricked still held “seeds of fascination” as they waited for Fei Yan infatuatedly till now, even after all those years. But those men did not realise that their object of their affections... was the wrong gender!

“Don’t you have anything better to say? If not, just shut up! Is it because I haven’t beat you up in a long time, your skin is itchy?” Fei Yan narrowed his eyes and glared threateningly at Qiao Chu. He was already annoyed, and even if Qiao Chu didn’t help, he was being hatefully gloating.

Qiao Chu grinned, with Fei Yan’s carefree personality, there weren’t many things that could upset him. Only with Rong Rup, he would swallow his unhappiness, grit his teeth and carry on.

“That ...” Suddenly Fei Yan words suddenly turned and he looked at them a little awkwardly. “Isn’t it? I was being too ridiculous at that time. Xiao Ruo thinks I’m not reliable, so she keeps ...”

The glee on Qiao Chu’s face was frozen for a moment. He was just joking. How could this fella take it so seriously?

“At that time, you were also collecting information. Xiao Ruo wouldn’t not have anything to do with you because of this.” Hua Yao sighed.

To be honest, they did not expect the matter between Fei Yan and Rong Ruo would become so complicated. From the beginning, the relationship between the two was quite good. How did it get to such an unfavourable stage.

“Forget it, it’s no use asking you, a group of rough men, I’ll just ask Little Xie.” Fei Yan scratched his head in frustration and anxiety, he really didn’t understand the minds of women, so he wanted to head back and asked Jun Wu Xie for advice.

“I advise you to forget it.” Fan Zhuo suddenly said.

Fei Yan’s footsteps halted as he looked at Fan Zhuo in doubt.

Fan Zhuo said: “Do you think ... what advice can a woman who can marry a wife give you?”

“...” Fei Yan was silent.