Chapter 2686: To counter soldiers with arms（2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“May I accompany you?” Jun Wu Yao smiled and looked at Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie looked back at him with her brows slightly raised.

“Long Xuan City does not have the eligibility to make you move.”

Jun Wu Yao was stunned for a moment before he suddenly laughed and pulled her into an embrace as he squeezed her tightly.

Qiao Chu and the others could only sit quietly to minimize their presence.

Little Xie’s words were arrogant enough, but ... it is true, if a little Long Xuan City needed Jun Wu Yao to come out in person, wouldn’t what Little Xie experienced over the past few years be in vain?!!

Everything in the Sea Spirit City was ready and Ye Sha cooked up a feast. After eating a delicious meal, Jun Wu Xie changed to Yan Hai.

As expected by Jun Wu Xie, when Ruan Zhongshan stepped into the Sea Spirit City, only seven or eight guards followed him. Amongst them was Xu Zu who came to the Sea Spirit City many times. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

From the first moment Ruan Zhongshan stepped into Sea Spirit City, each and every move had been locked down by the Night Regime, but unfortunately they did not know it.

“Sea Spirit City looks different than before.” Ruan Zhongshan walked on the streets of Sea Spirit City. His sharp eyes swept through the streets and alleys along the way. He had been here once at the banquet when Yan Wan had just stepped up to be the City Lord where the Four Sides had been invited as well. He still remembered that there was a foul smell in Sea Spirit City and everywhere looked chaotic. From his memory, it was an extremely bad city.

But after many years, Ruan Zhongshan came to Sea Spirit City again, but was surprised to find that everything in Sea Spirit City was different.

The dirty streets had been cleaned, the disgusting bloody smell has disappeared without a trace, only the refreshing scent brought by the sea breeze. The people in the city were not as timid as his memory. Each person stood tall with an indifferent expression, without the noise of all the shouting and clamouring, it was surprisingly quiet.

If it was not for seeing the sign “Sea Spirit City” that was clearly engraved on the tower when he entered the city, Ruan Zhongshan really thought that he had come to the wrong place.

Xu Zu hadn’t been to Sea Spirit City before. He naturally didn’t have this feeling, so he could only agree.

Ruan Zhongshan came along all the way, always felt that the changes in the Sea Spirit City were a little too big, but he didn’t think much about it, just thinking that it was all because of the magical elixir, and his desire for that elixir was stronger.

Even such an unbearable Sea Spirit City could be renewed with the help of that elixir. If they changed it to Long Xuan City, the changes would be even more amazing!

After thinking about it as he walked along the way, Ruan Zhongshan and others soon arrived at the entrance to the big gates. Xu Zu diligently stepped forward and knocked on the door.

Very soon, the two huge doors opened and Ye Sha, disguised as a steward, stood in front of the door and looked at Xu Zu, who was standing outside the door pretended to be surprised.

“Xu Zu, why are you back?”

Xu Zu looked at Ye Sha with a sneer in his heart. Before Jun Wu Xie appeared, all the people in the Sea Spirit City respected him, but after the brat who had just became the City Lord met him for the first time, he had been stumped and infuriated by him. He also spoke such big words and made him lose his face. Now that he returned with Ruan Zhongshan, he could show off in front of Ruan Zhongshan as well as show that brat a thing or two.

Therefore, Xu Zu’s attitude became arrogant.

“Tell your City Lord that the City Lord of Long Xuan City is here!”