Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2694: Big Fish（2）

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“It’s easy to kill Ruan Zhongshan, but by simply killing him, we can’t make things bigger. Only by letting Long Xuan City’s elite be defeated in the hands of Sea Spirit City can the other City Lords of the 72 cities realize the changes in Sea Spirit City. “Jun Wu Xie explained patiently.

To Jun Wu Xie, Ruan Zhongshan was just but a jumping clown. She did not even have any interest in him, let alone to rouse any anger. She had planned for so long and even gave Xu Zu so much “news”. It was not such a simple plan to kill Ruan Zhongshan alone.

What she wanted was to make the whole Upper Realm know that there was something wrong with Sea Spirit City!

Only by constantly creating conflicts, can her plan proceed along perfectly.

Qiao Chu still had some queries but Hua Yao who could no longer take the baffled expression on Qiao Chu’s face continued to explain further: “What Little Xie means, is to use the battle between Long Xuan City and Sea Spirit City to stir things up and make the whole thing even bigger. If Little Xie kills Ruan Zhongshan, the other City Lords of the 72 cities would only that that Little Xie is the only strong person. But what if it was the entire Sea Spirit City that they had always looked down upon could easily destroy Long Xuan City? Then the effect would be completely different. ”

The strength of one person was not really the revelation of strength. It’s difficult for two fists to defeat four fists and there is always the possibility of defeat.

But the strength of a city cannot be shaken and the final result that Jun Wu Xie wanted was to make the 72 cities realize ... that if Sea Spirit City suddenly changed from being such a weak city to such a strong city, what was odd about it? As long as their suspicions have been raised, then the news about the elixir previously released by Jun Wu Xie would soon take root in the heart of those City Lords.

The subsequent scramble ... would surely continue!

This was the result that Jun Wu Xie wanted; a chess game that was large enough to drag all 72 cities into the quagmire!

For the Upper Realm, this was definitely the beginning of a nightmare.

The sudden revelation that appeared on Qiao Chu’s face had completely revealed his admiration for Jun Wu Xie who had thought of such a meticulous plan. It was a strategy that required foresight! Even if the people in the Upper Realm were clever and always in strife, it was still impossible to discover the true purpose of Jun Wu Xie.

“Tomorrow, Ruan Zhongshan will launch an attack on Sea Spirit City. Let’s all rest for today. Give them a good beating tomorrow.” Jun Wu Xie slowly got up, the prelude to the play had been performed, all that was left was to watch the performance of the Night Regime and the Ghost Army.

As soon as Qiao Chu and others heard that there was a fight, they were all riled up as they stood up in cheers as they swung their fists around. They could not wait to fight with the people from Long Xuan City, and even wanted to start the fight immediately.

On the contrary, Jun Wu Xie did not even have the slightest change in emotion.

The opponent was too weak, so weak that she could not even muster up a sliver of interest to fight.

At the same time, following the departure of Ruan Zhongshan, a man in black quietly left from outside the City Lord’s manor and very soon disappeared into an inconspicuous house within Sea Spirit City.

That humble house seemed to have been uninhabited for a long time, and it was a little dilapidated, but a slender figure sat quietly in the house.

When the man in black landed in the courtyard, Zheng Weilong who was sitting in the courtyard also raised her eyes and looked at Ah Da who had returned in a hurry.

“How was it?” Zheng Weilong was wearing a plain black robe which was the same as the soldiers of Long Xuan City. She posed as a soldier of Long Xuan City a few days ago and mixed in with the army. She joined the army that was stationed outside Sea Spirit City as Ah Da sneaked into Sea Spirit City.

When Ruan Zhongshan led people into the city to find Jun Wu Xie, Ah Da who had been observing in secret started to follow him.