Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2703: Who is Getting Hit in The Face? (5）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

How was this possible?

Ruan Zhongshan drew a breath of air as his previous haughtiness had somewhat dissipated.

Long Xuan City’s arrogance was broken up by Ye Sha’s offense, and their progress towards Sea Spirit City was halted for the moment.

Even Zheng Weilong and Ah Da, who were hiding in the dark, were taken aback by Ye Sha’s strength.

“Ah Da, that person’s strength ... How is compared to yours?” Zheng Weilong’s eyes widened slightly.

“I am not too sure. He only used one move and that did not require spiritual power. I can’t judge for the time being, but at least his strength is comparable to that of Spiritual Inscriptions.” Ah Da replied.

The strength of Ye Sha was one of the best in the Night Regime, second only to Ye Gu, and it was equivalent to Ye Mei. During the time of Jun Wu Yao’s disappearance, Ye Sha used up too much power looking for him, and not only that, he still had to fight continuously in battles. Thus, he did not have a chance to recover his strength. During the years when Jun Wu Xie lived in the Dark Region, Ye Sha was finally able to regain his strength to its peak, and his strength had exceeded Gold Spirit by a lot!

Ye Sha raised his feet, and did not even spare a glance at the fallen Xu Zu. He still stood alone in front of the gates of Sea Spirit City, and yet no one dared to step forward.

Ruan Zhongshan woke up from the shock. He never expected that Ye Sha’s strength to be so terrifying, but he did not intend to give up.

“What are you afraid of? He’s just one person, kill him!” Ruan Zhongshan commanded coldly.

But with Xu Zu’s body lying in front of Ye Sha, and the bloody picture really made those soldiers afraid to move.

The 20,000-strong army fell in rigid.

Ruan Zhongshan gritted his teeth silently, and he jumped up immediately and rushed at Ye Sha!

The strength of the Spiritual Inscriptions exponent could not be compared to a reckless and impulsive person like Xu Zu. In the blink of an eye, Ruan Zhongshan had reached Ye Sha, and he raised his hand to attack!

But at this moment, a white figure suddenly appeared in front of Ruan Zhongshan.

Jun Wu Xie, who was standing on the tower before, now stood stiffly in front of Ruan Zhongshan.

“Soldier against soldier, general against general. Aren’t you going to slaughter my entire Sea Spirit City? What will you do when I go head to head with you?” Jun Wu Xie’s lips curved up into a smirk, and that made Yan Hai’s face, which was originally delicate, instantly dazzling.

Ruan Zhongshan was shocked. He didn’t even notice the moment that Jun Wu Xie moved to appear in front of him. Based on his strength, this was almost impossible. Even for exponents of the same Spiritual Inscription level, they could not completely avoid his awareness. However, Jun Wu Xie’s approach was too silent!

“Yan Hai, you’re looking for death!” Ruan Zhongshan glared at Jun Wu Xie, his intention to kill her solidified.

Jun Wu Xie looked calmly at the angry Ruan Zhongshan and crooked her fingers at him provocatively.

“Try and kill me.”

“Damn you!” Ruan Zhongshan had never received such a disdainful provocation in his life and he immediately rushed towards Jun Wu Xie with his full powers.

Ruan Zhongshan’s actions brought those soldiers from Long Xuan City back to their minds. When they thought about how Ruan Zhongshan might go after them in the future, they dared not hesitate any longer and immediately rushed towards Ye Sha!

At the same time, countless figures leapt from the walls of Sea Spirit City and stormed towards the army of Long Xuan City with a thunderous momentum! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the blink of an eye, the members of the Night Regime and Ghost Army had dispatched the army of Long Xuan City!

The killing sound was endless, as it seemed to overturn the sky!