Chapter 2704: Who is Getting Hit in The Face? (6)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Sea Spirit City was covered in flames of war, the sounds of killing and anguished wailing mixed together as the pungent smell of blood permeated the air and entered the airways of everyone present!

This confrontation, however, caused the soldiers of Long Xuan City to be caught in a huge panic. The strength of Sea Spirit City caught them off guard, and the powerful attack did not fall behind at all.

Even after a brief fight, the soldiers of Long Xuan City fell into a severe defensive position!

This situation didn’t seem possible to happen. How could the lowly Sea Spirit City, which was almost forgotten by the Upper Realm, have such a powerful fighting force? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

These people in front of them seem to not have come from Sea Spirit City, but from a stronger city!

Shock shrouded the hearts of every Long Xuan City soldier. They didn’t even have time to think, they were scared witless by the attack from the Night Regime. Screams were ripped from the throats of the Long Xuan City soldiers, yet no sound came from the Night Regime nor Ghost Army – they were silent and deadly. At this moment, as the commander of Long Xuan City, Ruan Zhongshan had no time to take care of his men, because he was engaged in a difficult battle with Jun Wu Xie.

Prior to the fight, Ruan Zhongshan didn’t pay attention to Jun Wu Xie’s strength at all. He thought he could defeat Jun Wu Xie in a matter of a few strokes, but after exchanging a couple of blows with Jun Wu Xie, he was shocked beyond belief.

Jun Wu Xie’s speed was not inferior to him, she was even faster in her frequency of attack.

Ruan Zhongshan was momentarily careless, and several key points on his body had been attacked by Jun Wu Xie many times. The heart-wrenching, immense pain caused Ruan Zhongshan’s forehead to be quickly covered with cold sweat, and his face became flushed.

“Bastard, why are you so powerful?” Ruan Zhongshan grasped his chest, which was kicked by Jun Wu Xie, and panted heavily. If it were not for the fact that he guarded his vital points with spiritual inscriptions in time, Jun Wu Xie’s direct blow was enough to kill him!

Since Ruan Zhongshan became the Lord of Long Xuan City, he had not been so embarrassed. With the increase of his strength and the improvement of his status, fewer and fewer people could fight him.

Even in the face of those who want to snatch his title and had knocked on the gates to come and challenge, Ruan Zhongshan could handle them very easily. To say nothing of him being defeated, even getting injured was rare.

However, after exchanging some blows with Jun Wu Xie, he has suffered more injuries now than the total number of injuries he had suffered in recent years!

Ruan Zhongshan was horrified.

How old was Jun Wu Xie?

To even possess such fearsome strength, his own thousand-year cultivation cannot be compared to that little brat. No one would believe him if he said it out loud.

Jun Wu Xie ignored the inquiry from Ruan Zhongshan, the attacks by her hands did not reduce, thereby forcing Ruan Zhongshan to mobilize all his spiritual inscriptions, and even then, he barely managed to cope with Jun Wu Xie’s offensive.

In the melee, Qiao Chu and others have already switched on their killing mode. With their intense hatred of the Upper Realm, they were, at the moment, venting their frustrations and anger at the nearest objects; they each attacked the soldiers of Long Xuan City with a viciousness and ferociousness that terrified all the soldiers of Long Xuan City. The soldiers were so afraid that they didn’t dare to take a step closer!