Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2715: Scum (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

While they were fighting each other, a flash of light appeared before them, but before they could understand what was going on, they were already covered in blood.

The man standing next Liu was sprayed with hot blood. When they regained their consciousness, they realised that Liu and Lao Yu had fallen into a pool of blood, their throats severed by a sharp object and large swaths of blood spouted from their wounds.

Amidst the blood, a petite figure could be seen standing in a pool of blood, holding a sword of light.

Two thumps sounded as the companions of Liu fell to the ground. They could not believe that the two exponents who had fought so fiercely were killed in front of their eyes.

How powerful was this?

Jun Wu Xie waved the sword of light in her hand and retracted it. The blood at her feet made her wrinkled her brow. She looked up at Zheng Weilong and asked, “Long Xuan City, how many more exponents? ” T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

“...” Zheng Weilong’s eyes widened as she looked at Jun Wu Xie in front of her. She hadn’t figured out what Jun Wu Xie was going to do, but now she fully understood ...

The two frightened men fled while wailing, but Jun Wu Xie had only began her massacre.

Outside the City Lord’s manor of Long Xuan City, a sign was written with blood that clearly stated in a few large characters.

“I own Long Xuan City, if you are not happy, come and fight.”

Those audacious words made all of Long Xuan City boil! After the death of Ruan Zhongshan, Long Xuan City was caught up in the battle for the new city lord, but no matter who it was, no one dared to be that provocative.

The bodies of Lao Yu and Liu were also thrown out of the gates and left unattended. The pungent blood smell seemed to be announcing the coming of a war to all the exponents in Long Xuan City.

Jun Wu Xie was sitting in the main hall of the City Lord’s manor. The main seat that once belonged to Ruan Zhongshan was now firmly under her.

Zheng Weilong sat aside, looking at the indifferent Jun Wu Xie, but her heart was beating wildly.

She thought that she had seen a lot of crazy and extreme exponents, but those people were incomparable to tJun Wu Xie, compared to her, everything they did seemed so ordinary.

After she informed them on the number of remaining exponents in Long Xuan City, Jun Wu Xie immediately asked Qiao Chu to write the provocative sign with the blood of those two people and hung it outside. It was a challenge all the exponents in Long Xuan City.

This kind of behavior was simply crazy!

Zheng Weilong felt once again, that being on Jun Wu Xie’s side was perhaps the most correct choice for her.

Jun Wu Xie’s sign had only just been hung out for a while and already the exponents have heard about it. A strong, burly man marched up to the official residence, along with his bunch of lackeys and walked in.

However ...

Before the person could speak, and before Zheng Weilong could even tell Jun Wu Xie about that man’s origin.

She only saw Jun Wu Xie lift one hand, and a ray of light flew towards the man. The man fell into a pool of blood and never moved again...

Suddenly, those lackeys who followed him were so frightened that they ran away with terrified wail!

Zheng Weilong looked at Jun Wu Xie in shock, but Jun Wu Xie still sat calmly in her position, there was no change in her expression or reaction, as if nothing had happened just now ...