Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2726: Bulldozer (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Based on the words of Jun Wu Xie, Zheng Weilong couldn’t help thinking of the origin of Dongfang Ku Bi, the father of Dongfang Ku Bi was a rare person in the Upper Realms, who actually held a trace of fatherly love, and it was precisely because of the love and care Dongfang Ku Bi had received from his father that it did not resulted in either of them killing each other. That was also the reason why the transition between lords in East Peak City was so peaceful.

Perhaps it was because Dongfang Ku Bi had received his father’s love which others did not when he was young, hence there was still a sense of conscience which the people of the Upper Realm have long lost ...

Everyone who had previously made fun of Dongfang Ku Bi ceased, because they had ignored the possible existence of such a character due to the environment of the Upper Realm, and only Jun Wu Xie could see it clearly.

Regardless, Jun Wu Xie’s battle was a victory and she suffered no loss. She, who was supposed to return home, suddenly changed the direction of the army and headed towards a city near East Peak City.

The strength of that city was slightly higher than that of East Peak City and Long Xuan City. A few days later, the army of Sea Spirit City had reached the city. The lord of that city immediately jumped up and organized a large number of soldiers, rushed out of the city and attacked the Night Regime viciously.

However, the whole battle lasted for less than an hour. After Jun Wu Xie snapped the head off the City Lord, the battle screeched to a stop. Jun Wu Xie had won another city in blood!

However, that did not stop Jun Wu Xie in any way. She left some of her people to take over the city immediately moved on to the next goal. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

For two months, Jun Wu Xie did not return to Sea Spirit City once, but she pushed forward all the way, winning three cities in succession!

In fact, every time she occupied a city, the damage sustained by the Night Regime was minimal. Each time Jun Wu Xie would hit them where they hurt most; she would cut off the head of the City Lord and thereafter the city’s soldiers would choose to surrender unconditionally.

Those City Lords didn’t understand their current circumstances, unlike Dongfang Ku Bi, and so blood washed those cities and the vicious events shocked everyone who had bad intentions.

In just over two months, the three words “Sea Spirit City” were like a dragon flying out from the ocean, soaring into the sky in front of everyone!

Those cities which had never put any regard on Sea Spirit City could no longer ignore those three words.

The stability of the 72 cities, for thousands of years, has been completely broken because of the new City Lord of Sea Spirit City. One city after another has been occupied at an almost dazzling speed.

Even though the cities Jun Wu Xie had occupied were among the lowest within the seventy-two cities, but it must be said that Sea Spirit City of yesteryear was the weakest city! Disregard invading other cities, even their own survival depended on the breath of others.

But now, everything was different!

The words “Sea Spirit City” and “Yan Hai” had become a nightmare for many weaker cities. Those cities whose strength were at the bottom of the seventy-two cities became easy targets for Jun Wu Xie to attack.

Within a few days, the lords of those cities were all in danger of themselves. While urging the spies hidden in the Sea Spirit City to find the formula as soon as possible, they also sent additional people to stabilize their cities’ defenses.

The cities within the entire coastal area all trembled with turbulence. Those City Lords did not dare to turn off the lights even when they were sleeping. They were afraid that they would suddenly receive the news of Sea Spirit City’s attack.