Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2750: Dark Clouds Looming（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The words of the Heaven Fiend City Lord calmed Nangong Yan down slightly. White Night City recently had constant movement, and if Nangong Lie moved the troops in a fit of anger, White Night City might find a chance to attack them. If so, it would be really difficult to defend against them.

“Do you think that this was done by Bai Zhu? He has always been silent. Is he in cahoots with the little bastard from Sea Spirit City to purposely scheme against us?” Nangong Yan frowned.

Bai Zhu was the City Lord of White Night City, and was famous for being a smiling tiger among the 72 cities. He was best at hurting people while keeping himself safe. It wasn’t without reason that Nangong Lie thought so.

After all, he would never believe that a city like Sea Spirit City could eat up their Five City Coalition army. It was really hard for him to accept.

“I think this possibility is very great. Otherwise how did Sea Spirit City gather such tremendous courage to dare to provoke us like this? Most likely Bai Zhu is behind them, scheming against us. His plan is to anger us so that we will dispatch our troops to Sea Spirit City, leaving our cities defenseless so that he can attack us.” Heaven Fiend City Lord kept nodding his head as he spoke, the possibility of such a plan grew bigger as he thought more about it.

“Bai Zhu that bastard is really insidious!” Nangong Yan could not wait to dig out the ancestors of Bai Zhu from the grave and whipped them to vent his anger!

Bai Zhu, who was thousands of miles away, sneezed for no reason. Without knowing why, he bore the blame for Jun Wu Xie. At the same time, the people of the Five City Coalition cursed all 18 generations of his ancestors.

In fact, Bai Zhu was really innocent this time. He didn’t want to defraud Nangong Yan and the others, it was just that he never had the chance. He noticed Sea Spirit City but didn’t put too much attention on the city until he heard the news of Sea Spirit City eating up the Five City Coalition army. It was then he treated the problem seriously.

He had immediately sent someone to Sea Spirit City to seek out Jun Wu Xie to discuss cooperation.

Bai Zhu’s style was completely different from Nangong Yan’s tough and overbearing style. Although it seemed mild, it was very purposeful. He didn’t care about a small city like Sea Spirit City, nor did he care about the elixir. The enemy of his enemy was his friend.

Whenever he could disgust and anger Nangong Yan, he was a willing participant.

Jun Wu Xie had only just cleaned up the people from the Five City Coalition army and hot on their heels was the messenger from White Night City, who rushed to Sea Spirit City bearing gifts which filled a dozen carriages. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Compared to the arrogance of the Five City Coalition army, this team from White Night City looked more endearing.

The leader was a clever young girl who was well-mannered and polite even before entering the city. There was no pride and arrogance in the messenger from the No. 1 city among the top ten cities.

Jun Wu Xie, as expected, had let them into the city, and just as they did with the Five City Coalition army, did not see them for a few days. However the people from White Night City were not dissatisfied or angry. Instead, they said they could wait, that they were not in a hurry.

They did not go out during the few days, rather they stayed in the courtyard, drinking tea and admiring the flowers. They treated the members of the Night Regime courteously, they didn’t put on any airs.

The representatives from White Night City numbered to a dozen people, and it didn’t look like they had come to declare war.

After five days, Jun Wu Xie agreed to meet the White Night City representatives. The girl, who led the White Night City entourage, immediately and excitedly encouraged her companions to be enthused and personally visited Jun Wu Xie in the City Lord’s Manor....