Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2758: Banquet of Heroes（8）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

All of a sudden, everyone was curious why Sea Spirit City had suddenly become so formidable. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

After entering the city, the City Lords did not dare to openly find out the reason on their own. They could only bring their men into the city to find clues covetly. They tried to bribe the people and see if they could buy some news in Sea Spirit City.

Jun Wu Xie knew it from the first day. But she didn’t respond to it. Instead she issued an order that if anyone from the 72 cities bribed the Night Regime members, they shall keep the money and sell them the news about the elixir at the same time.

Only Jun Wu Xie could do this.

As a result, thanks to the people in the 72 cities, the Night Regime became rich overnight!

This made the comrades in the ghost army who had been hiding in the dark, depressed and vomit blood. They could not wait to change with the Night Regime, so that they could also enjoy accepting bribes.

In fact, Dongfang Ku Bi often ran to the City Lord’s manor. His diligent pleasing act was detested by many City Lords. But when they saw that Dongfang Ku Bi’s efforts were rewarded, they became annoyed and angry. Especially when they saw Dongfang Ku Bi holding the gifts that they had given to Jun Wu Xie, they regretted and began to wonder whether they should do the same to please him.

After waiting for a few days, everything in Sea Spirit City was stable. Except for the spies from the 72 cities, rushing around the city to get news .

A few days later, the five cities headed by the White Night City arrived. Two days later, a group of people such as the Blazing Flame City rushed over as well. All the City Lords of the 72 cities had gathered here.

However, after the top ten cities entered, the atmosphere in the Sea Spirit City became a bit subtle.

The top ten cities were divided into two groups. After fighting for many years, there were also many supporters from the other cities. When the two parties arrive, they could often be seen in the streets and alleys of the Sea Spirit City. Everyone started to quarrel on the spot. When one starts the fight the other would want to win. But after much argument, no bloodshed occurred.

Only because...

Jun Wu Xie issued an order that no one was allowed to fight in Sea Spirit City and not cause any damage to Sea Spirit City. Damaged assets shall be compensated a hundredfold.

As a result, no matter how bad the situation was, there were no fights or damage.

With the 72 cities coming together, the Banquet of Heroes was about to begin. On the night of the banquet, Jun Wu Xie hosted the banquet in the City Lord’s manor and invited the other City Lords. Only the City Lords were allowed to enter the banquet. Any deputy City Lords, followers, or guards were not welcome at all to attend it.

That was a demanding request from Jun Wu Xie. Many City Lords were dissatisfied but the top ten cities remained unexpectedly quiet. Even Nangong Yan, who had always been high-profile, did not voice out any objections, but cooperated well instead.

The ten cities were silent, and so did the other City Lords.

That night, the Sea Spirit City’s main hall was brightly lit. All the City Lords were smartly dressed. A team of soldiers sent their City Lords to the door and remained standing still. The banquet had not yet begun. There were already thousands of soldier escorts from various cities, squeezing outside the door and standing by to fight anytime.

Inside the City Lord’s manor, there was another scene. The melodious music was accompanied by the moonlight, and the evening wind stirred the intoxicating fragrance of fine wine.