Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2769: The Strong is King (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Spirit Ring was glowing in a purple light as it lingered on Jun Wu Xie’s hands. Under the moonlight, the glow was so dazzling.

“Spirit ... Spirit Ring?!”

Within the banquet hall, there was a loud commotion!

The rigidness on the faces of the City Lords from the 72 cities broke at that moment as they looked at the Spirit Ring in Jun Wu Xie’s hand in utter disbelief!

Bai Zhu also widened his eyes in shock. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

How old was Jun Wu Xie?

She had already condensed a full Spirit Ring? And judging from the light emanating from the Spirit Ring, the strength of it was no less than any one of the top ten exponents!

At this very moment, everyone was dumbfounded.

They would have never believed that Jun Wu Xie, at such a young age, would already be in possession of a Spirit Ring!

The whole banquet fell into a deadly silence. Everyone’s eyes were glued to the Spirit Ring in Jun Wu Xie’s hand. The looks on their faces were akin to seeing a ghost.

Nangong Lie, who was sitting aside, looked on at the scene calmly. The corner of his mouth kicked up into a sneer as he raised his eyes to look at Jun Wu Xie, who had her back to him, and looked at the Spirit Ring in Jun Wu Xie’s hand, a faint awe lurked in his eyes.

Ignorant fools, did they really think that the person who stood in front of them was really Yan Hai of Sea Spirit City?

Although they were top exponents of Spiritual Inscriptions, however, standing in front of them was the abomination who defeated Luo Qingcheng, one of the top ten exponents in the Upper Realm!

Once upon a time, Nangong Lie had looked at Jun Wu Xie with the same desperate and terrified eyes. But now that he has made the best choice in his life, he could sit aside and enjoy the sorry figures of the 72 cities!

Heaven Fiend’s City Lord, who had fallen to the ground, let out a couple of grunts before he passed out completely.

One attack from Jun Wu Xie had severely wounded a Spiritual Inscription exponent. The deterrent force shook everyone present!

No wonder ... No wonder Jun Wu Xie dared to challenge the 72 cities so arrogantly!

From the ancient times to present, within the 72 cities, none of the City Lords had reached the level of the Spirit Ring yet. Once they were able to become a Spirit Ring exponent, their goal would have been directed at becoming one of the top ten exponents, and the battles were endless.

Compared with the top ten exponents, what were the 72 cities?

Bai Zhu’s face soured even further at this moment. He did not expect Jun Wu Xie to have hidden her true capabilities so well.

The person who was most shocked was Nangong Yan. He was the one who incited the City Lord of Heaven Fiend City to provoke Jun Wu Xie. He thought that with the strength of the Heaven Fiend’s City Lord, he could easily repel Jun Wu Xie, but he did not expect...

“Who else?” Jun Wu Xie’s cold eyes glanced at the City Lords sitting at the banquet tables. Although there was no emotion in her gaze, everyone, whom her line of sight touched, grew cold and trembled.

At this point, everyone kept their mouth shut, and no one dared to step forward to fight.

Among them, the strongest of them was just a really strong Spiritual Inscription exponent. Jun Wu Xie was already a Spirit Ring user. Unless they were unafraid of death and attacked her in waves to exhaust her powers, and dying in that process, otherwise none of them were on par with her.

Of course ...

To ask them to risk their lives in order to exhaust Jun Wu Xie, thereby gaining better odds for others, the City Lords of the 72 cities were not so selfless!