Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2791: Dual Spirit Rings (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Dual Spirit Rings!!

The generals and soldiers of the 72 cities army who were at the forefront of the troops were completely dumbfounded when they saw the two spirit rings in Jun Wu Xie’s hands.

Almost all generals tightened the reins on their horses as blood drained from their faces instantly.

How is this possible!

How could anyone within the Three Realms have dual spirit rings!

A huge shock spread among the soldiers, the speed of the impact was too rapid. Those soldiers and generals who were closest to Jun Wu Xie had no time to retreat!

Suddenly, Jun Wu Xie completely released the spiritual ring in her hands. When the blue light and the green light were intertwined, the light appeared on the entire battlefield!

The moment when the light burst out, everyone who had rushed up to Jun Wu Xie were enveloped by those two bright lights and the glare emitted from those lights blinded everyone else.

After the light faded, the land within the radius of 100 meters around Jun Wu Xie had turned a bloody red!

Tens of thousands of people, that in a moment, turned into a large pool of blood and meat sauce, and covered the earth in front of Jun Wu Xie!

The entire battlefield turned into a pit in hell. Within that 100 meter radius of Jun Wu Xie, there was that demonic red, spreading over the soil like a blooming scarlet flower.

The army of the 72 cities stopped all action at this moment, and everyone was staring at the pit of hell that had destroyed tens of thousands of people.

The only person who was safe and sound amid the gruesome bloodshed, was the person who had donned on a silver, light armour, which looked exceptionally bright under the sun, as its figure seemed to have penetrated into each person’s bone marrow with a frigid coldness.

Within the Three Realms, there was only one person who was the most powerful. He ruled the Upper Realm and had absolute power. No one could match his strength since the ancient times till now.

His Lord, the most powerful person in the Upper Realm, and whom everyone held in the utmost regard like a god, was the only person who possessed dual spirit rings!

This belief had always been held in everyone’s mind.

Apart from His Lord, among the countless talents in the Upper Realm, none of them possessed that ultimate strength.

But now, resting in Jun Wu Xie’s palms were the dual spirit rings! And that shattered the cognition of everyone in the Upper Realm!

Millions of soldiers upon the battlefield were all completely silent, so much so that everyone could hear their own heartbeat. The strong, heavy scent of blood permeated everyone’s nose. It was so thick and sickening that it made everyone feel like they were sinking into a pool of thick blood with nowhere to escape.

“Dual ... Dual Spirit Rings ... How is it possible ...” A group of generals, who were sitting behind the army, were dumbfounded as they stared at the two bright lights. They had almost thought that what they saw was an illusion. But, the pool of blood that was left by the tens of thousands of bodies was right in front of their eyes.

Millions of soldiers, tens of thousands of front line fighters, yet they could not stop Jun Wu Xie’s attack! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

What overbearing power was this? It made everyone’s blood run cold with fear!

At this moment, cold, hard fear descended upon all the soldiers of the 72 cities.

How would they fight in this battle?

How else could they fight?

Even if they had faced a powerful Spiritual Ring exponent, they dared to go against that person based on their sheer numbers, but they were not facing a single Spiritual Ring exponent, they were facing a dual Spirit Ring bearer...