Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2793: Dual Spirit Rings (4)

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

What could bring more despair than that?

The people in the 72 cities could no longer muster up any bloodlust. One by one, it seemed like their backbones were broken as the army retreated subconsciously.

They couldn’t kill Jun Wu Xie, even if they sacrificed two million people, they couldn’t send Jun Wu Xie to her death. The blind charge would only annihilate their entire army!

The millions of aggressive soldiers collectively withdrew. They took slow steps away from the sea of blood, the silver figure standing amid the blood had become the horrible nightmare which was imprinted in their hearts forever; unable to be erased.

The bloody battle came to an abrupt halt at this moment, as the emergence of the dual Spirit Rings completely repelled the advancement of the army of the 72 cities.

No one was willing to take half a step closer to Sea Spirit City!

Jun Wu Xie stood in a pool of blood indifferently while the still-suffocating bloody smell permeated her body. She looked at those enemies with pale faces, and the coldness in her eyes seemed to contain a hint of killing intent.

As Jun Wu Xie swept her eyes across a general, he was so scared that he almost fell off his war horse. He had to clutch the reins really tightly in order to not let himself fall off his horse, but his inner fear was brought to the surface with just a glance by Jun Wu Xie.

“Retreat ... retreat!!”

The anguished wailing that came from the soul and emitted through the mouths of those frightened generals. They did not want to stay any longer at Sea Spirit City. Collectively, they turned around and ran madly back towards where they had come from!

That was the devil, the real devil!

How could mere mortals fight the devil?!!

After receiving the order to retreat, the soldiers of the 72 cities ran away without further consideration. At that moment, they could only bemoan that their parents did not give them an extra pair of legs. They were deeply afraid that if they dallied a moment longer, they would suffer a second round of attack from Jun Wu Xie.

The army which had surrounded the Sea Spirit City faded like a tide, leaving only that sea of ​​red blood, which had covered the earth outside the Sea Spirit City.

Qiao Chu and others who were standing on the city wall watched as the army of the 72 cities fled, the ridiculous scene made them laugh out loud.

How powerful one had to be to scare off millions of males?

Their gazes involuntarily shifted to the outside of the city, the only silhouette that was left.

Petite and thin, but with a daunting aura that made no one underestimate her the slightest.

Seemingly weak, but actually very powerful. At this moment, a sense of pride grew in the hearts of Qiao Chu and others, at the same time, a vague impulse was also brought on.

A strong impulse!

Jun Wu Xie had reached a height they couldn’t match, thus, they still had a long way to go!

They didn’t want to be a hindrance to Jun Wu Xie!

With the desire to become stronger, the spiritual aura of Qiao Chu and the others started to flow around them like crazy, the air surrounding the city walls became so heated that it almost formed something solid.

Nangong Lie observed this scene in horror. He could almost see the spiritual power in Qiao Chu and the others burning vibrantly and greatly, every bit became purer and richer...

What kind of abomination was Jun Wu Xie?!!

And who was this group of people with Jun Wu Xie?

Nangong Lie didn’t dare to think further as his gaze involuntarily shifted to Jun Wu Yao, who was standing in the wind, and suddenly a terrible conjecture appeared in his mind!