Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 285: “Fifth Slap (7)”

Jun Wu Xie’s words left every single one of them dumbfounded, even Qiao Chu and Hua Yao were shocked.

When Ke Cang Ju had released the Lone Smoke earlier, both of them had pushed their spirit powers out from their bodies and created a protective shield around themselves. Although it could not totally keep the Lone Smoke out, it could at least slow down the poison’s effects on them.

Even so, Qiao Chu and Hua Yao were not in very good shape. Wherever the Lone Smoke had seeped through and came into contact with their skin, it burned and felt like flames were licking them, as a stinging pain was felt. Their spirit powers could not completely keep the Lone Smoke out and their skin turned a glaring shade of red and the burn spreaded to attack their vital organs, engulfing them in burning agony.

But not Jun Wu Xie, she stood unaffected, her face not showing any signs of discomfort.

The stark contrast almost made Ke Cang Ju’s eyes pop out of his head.

Ke Cang Ju’s smile twisted as the corners of his mouth twitched. He stared intensely at Jun Wu Xie, trying to find any signs of the poison’s effects on her body.

The result made him slump in despair. From head to toe, there was not a mark on Jun Wu Xie. What surprised him more was that she did not even use any spiritual powers to protect herself, she just allowed the Lone Smoke to engulf her completely before Ke Cang Ju’s eyes, standing calm and defiant.

“Impossible.....” Ke Cang Ju stared woodenly at Jun Wu Xie, unable to believe his own eyes.

The Lone Smoke was infallible, and Qiao Chu’s and Hua Yao’s reactions further ascertained that fact.

What was allowing a young brat like this to remain immune to the Lone Smoke?

“You have the antidote?” Ke Cang Ju asked of Jun Wu Xie through gritted teeth. Unless she had previously taken the antidote, no one who possessed anything below the purple leveled spirit can escape from the deadly Lone Smoke! With Jun Wu Xie’s young age, she could not possibly have attained a purple spirit!

“Antidote?” Jun Wu Xie laughed and shook her head, and her cold eyes looked at Ke Cang Ju in amusement.

“You just refuse to give up and continue to play dumb? Nothing as insignificant as this would harm me in the slightest. Just give it up.”

Jun Wu Xie stepped towards Ke Cang Ju, as the green smoke churned with her passing.

Ke Cang Ju’s face paled, and he flicked his voluminous sleeves. Several black poisoned needles flew at Jun Wu Xie, and seemingly at the same moment, Jun Wu Xie had raised a hand and cold white flashes streaked from her fingers. The clash of needles brought the needles clattering to the floor.

“Don’t you have anything new?”

The needles laid upon the floor, useless, and not a single one could even get close to Jun Wu Xie’s body.

Her lightning quick reflexes surprised even Hua Yao and Qiao Chu who watched in amazement at Jun Wu Xie’s unexpected calm. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She did not use an ounce of spiritual power but was able to throw out her needles with such speed and precision.

Where was this kid from!?

Ke Cang Ju’s darkened at that moment.

The Lone Smoke had been his trump card, but it was useless against the brat. His trusted poison needles were not as fast as Jun Wu Xie’s silver needles.

Ke Cang Ju had witnessed his needles stopped two times, and was certain that the brat could really bring him down with those silver needles alone!

His own affirmation made Ke Cang Ju break out in cold sweat. Within the Hidden Cloud Peak that was his to command, he found himself feeling an oppressive pressure pressing over him, making it hard for him to breathe!

This brat’s speed and precision was unbelievable!

How old was he? How could this be!?