Chapter 2860: Father-in-law (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Ye Jue, I know you are capable. But if you dare to bully Little Wu Xie in the future, I will make sure you pay for it!” Jun Gu took a deep breath and looked at Jun Wu Yao sternly. .

Jun Wu Yao didn’t have a smile on his face and looked at Jun Gu seriously: “Please rest assured that I will not break her heart in this life, my father-in-law and mother-in-law, .”

With that said, his hand on Jun Wu Xie’s shoulder tightened.

Jun Gu just nodded with satisfaction. Although he didn’t want his daughter to marry so early, it had already happened. He heard of Ye Jue’s conduct before so he also knew that this person was hard to find and never bowed down to anyone. Since he made this promise, it would be sincere.

“Well, I think Ye Jue is true to Little Wu Xie. This is not the time to worry about it. Please rest assured.” Han Zi Fei witnessed Jun Wu Yao’s love for Jun Wu Xie on the island. Of course, it was to bless the couple.

Jun Gu nodded, his expression was still distressed.

It seemed that Jun Wu Xie understood her father’s concerns. But she felt a little embarrassed and warm at the same time.

It turns out that the existence of parents was like this.

No matter where and when, the first thing to consider was always for your own child ...

In the previous life, Jun Wu Xie’s parents died early and she didn’t have the chance to experience the feelings of having parents before she was trapped in hell. In this life, the heavens seemed to have intentionally made up for everything and brought happiness to her bit by bit, making up for all that she had lost before.

“Now that my father has regained his mind, it is better to leave the place soon. Grandfather and uncle are still waiting for you in the Lower Realm.” said Jun Wu Xie, looking at Jun Gu.

Jun Gu did not speak and looked at Han Zi Fei.

Jun Wu Xie had almost stated the purpose of this trip to the two of them. They understood that even if they left the Upper Realm now, Jun Wu Xie would not leave. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The life and death worm in Jun Wu Yao’s body had not been lifted. His Lord’s plan for the Blood Sacrifice of Three Realms still continued. She could not leave at this time.

“My mother and I ... don’t want to go back now.” After exchanging glances with his wife, Jun Gu smiled at Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie froze slightly.

“Why?”

Han Zi Fei smiled and stretched out her hand, rubbing Jun Wu Xie’s head.

“If I didn’t know you had encountered all these before, we may ignore everything and escape to the Lower Realm and continue living. But these years, you have undertaken everything by yourself. As your parents, how can we leave you in this danger and run away ourselves?”

“But ...” What else did Jun Wu Xie want to persuade further?

However, Jun Gu agreed with Han Zi Fei’s words: “Your mother is right, this is pertaining to the Blood Sacrifice and for the safety of the Three Realms. This should not be borne by you alone. I didn’t have that strength in the past, but now that I am blessed with this power and position, why would I not stay to fight with you? ”

Jun Wu Xie looked at Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu. Her inner shock could not be calmed for a long time.

“I am now one of the Knights of Destruction and your mother is the Sacred Maiden of The Sacred Maiden Tribe. The two of us were personally chosen to be married by His Lord. Our status in the Upper Realm is very important. It is to destroy the plan of the Blood Sacrifice in Three Realms. The two of us will be able to contribute in putting down His Lord’s Plan. You can rest assured that as long as the two of us are alive, we will not let others bully you!”Jun Gu said firmly. They had missed Jun Wu Xie’s growing stages. They did not want to miss it again!