Chapter 2863: To Nefarious Ends (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“That will not be a problem. No matter what it is, as long as I can get it, I’ll be able to meet your demands.” Han Shu agreed without saying anything more. As long as Han Zi Fei disappeared from this world, she was willing to do anything.

Yan Xi looked at Han Shu, she knew Han Shu’s deep hatred for Han Zi Fei, just like her.

“Lord Jun Gu will go back right after getting married, and Han Zi Fei will go back with him, so I need you to prepare all the things I require within these two days as I will leave together with them. Do you understand?” Yan Xi said.

“I’ll do it as soon as possible.” Han Shu nodded.

Yan Xi wrote down what she needed on a piece of paper and gave it to Han Shu. The two planned for a while more before Yan Xi left.

After Yan Xi left, two figures also quietly left, but Han Shu and Yan Xi didn’t notice them at all.

“It seems that my mother-in-law has many enemies.” Jun Wu Yao rubbed his chin.

It was said that women were vicious and wicked, Yan Xi and Han Shu truly manifested those characteristics to the fullest. The two of them hit off due to their mutual desire of killing Han Zi Fei. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Having said that, Jun Wu Yao could not help but look at Jun Wu Xie. He wanted to know how Jun Wu Xie was going to help Han Zi Fei to resolve the immediate crisis.

However, Jun Wu Xie said nothing as she turned away.

The two days passed fleetingly. Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei were almost inseparable in those two days. This scene made the Sacred Maiden Tribe believe that Jun Gu had fallen in love with Han Zi Fei at first sight, and the preparations for their marriage began to speed up.

These two days were the most tormenting for Yan Xi. Looking at Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei’s mutual affection for each other increased the hatred in her heart day by day. If not that the timing wasn’t right, she would have immediately gotten rid of Han Zi Fei while they were still at the Sacred Maiden Tribe.

In the midst of snow, Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei ushered in the second marriage in their lives. The partners in their marriage had not changed, but their hearts were closer.

Under the witness of the Sacred Maiden Tribe, the two completed the wedding rituals at the top of the Holy Mountain. And, their daughter, Jun Wu Xie, was very fortunate to be able to witness all of this and she was very happy for them.

Watching Han Zi Fei immersed in happiness, and being pulled by Jun Gu personally to complete the ceremony, Yan Xi’s eyes almost spat out fire as she stared at Han Zi Fei viciously. She thought she had concealed her deep-seated hatred very well but she didn’t realise that her every move was noted by Jun Wu Xie.

Han Shu was jealous of everything today as she watched Han Zi Fei being treated with so much care by Jun Gu, as she watched Han Zi Fei married to such a perfect husband. Han Shu’s jealousy was no less than Yan Xi’s.

But...

She still had a chance.

Han Shu’s eyes narrowed slightly, she had found all the things Yan Xi required for her spell and handed them over to Yan Xi. Once Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei left, Yan Xi would be able to help get rid of Han Zi Fei.

As long as Han Zi Fei was gone, she would no longer have to be tormented by jealousy, and she would eventually have the opportunity to marry an excellent man and give birth to a Sacred Maiden, and become someone whom everyone respected.

With this in mind, Han Shu’s gaze involuntarily looked towards the people who could help her to reach the sky ...