Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2867: Infighting (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Immediately, a beautiful-looking woman walked to the center of the banquet hall. The beat of the music followed her footsteps. The woman danced to the music as it flowed within the hall, her movements graceful and extremely pleasing.

Jun Wu Xie raised her eyebrows slightly. It seemed like Duan Qi and Elder Yun were really in a hurry. Otherwise, how could they allow a member of the Sacred Maiden Tribe to dance in public?

If the women of the Sacred Maiden Tribe were willing, there would be many eligible men in the Upper Realm knocking on their door with marriage proposals, and they wouldn’t have to spend so much effort for tonight.

Today, Duan Qi and Elder Yun were desperate enough to be forced into using such a method.

Jun Wu Xie had noticed this, but did not say much as she looked on.

The women of the Sacred Maiden Tribe stepped forward one by one, either dancing or playing various instruments, as they showed off the skills they had acquired.

Han Shu was sitting aside, watching the women dance in front of Jun Wu Xie, and from time to time, she cast flirtatious glances at Jun Wu Xie discreetly. Suddenly, a lump of unhappiness grew in her heart. She had remained in her seat since the dancing started, and it wasn’t because she didn’t want to dance, but it was because she didn’t know how to... Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Han Shu was confident of her beauty, hence she rarely took the time to learn other things. She was aware that if in the future, she were to like someone, all she needed to do was to beckon with her fingers and it would be done. Therefore, in her past days, she spent more on maintaining her beauty and trying to ingratiate herself to the elders of the tribe. In terms of artistic skills, she was not more skillful than the other women in the tribe.

Therefore, she could only grit her teeth and watch those ‘butterflies’ circle in front of Jun Wu Xie and she couldn’t do anything.

While looking at the women who were acting coquettishly and flirting, Han Shu was also observing Jun Wu Xie’s reaction. She felt a little relieved when she saw that Jun Wu Xie’s expression hadn’t changed much.

These unqualified and unrestrained women! Who was City Lord Yan? How could he have not seen women dancing before?

Although Han Shu thought this, she was still anxious. After the last person finished her dance, she stood up suddenly, took a glass of wine and moved towards where Jun Wu Xie was

“City Lord Yan, I only like poems and therefore I’m not good at singing and dancing. At this time, it would seem that poems are useless. I can only offer City Lord Yan a toast. I ask that City Lord Yan to not mind.” Han Shu said apologetically, a pitiful expression painted on her face.

But her words caused the other women to become uneasy, despite their efforts.

Fine, did Han Shu have to step on them like this?

She dared to say that she liked poetry? Everyone knew that Han Shu had never touched more than a few books in her life, and yet she was thick skinned enough to utter such blatant lies! On the contrary, her words made their previous songs and dances seem cliche, and that they were a joke!

The women glared at Han Shu with great dissatisfaction but they could not do anything about it. Although Han Shu was at loggerheads with Han Zi Fei, in her veins flowed the same blood as Han Zi Fei. In addition, Han Shu was good at kissing Duan Qi’s butt, so naturally, no one dared to go head to head with Han Shu. They could only endure her insulting tone as they watched her pretend to be innocent in front of Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Han Shu, a chill flashed in her eyes as she lowered her gaze to the cup full of fine wine on the table.

Just when Han Shu thought she had successfully caught Jun Wu Xie’s attention, Jun Wu Xie suddenly said, “Sorry, I can’t drink with you.”