Chapter 2868: Infighting（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Han Shu was stunned for a moment, she did not expect that the first thing Jun Wu Xie said to her today would be a rejection.

At that moment, the perfect smile which Han Shu had maintained seemed to droop as her expression stiffened. “Does City Lord Yan still blame me for my previous misspoken words? If so, this girl is willing to punish herself by drinking three cups of wine to apologise!”

Jun Wu Xie raised her head and shook it slightly.

“No.”

“Then, why?” Han Shu was a little puzzled. She didn’t understand why Jun Wu Xie refused her. Han Zi Fei was married, and in the entire Sacred Maiden Tribe, Jun Wu Xie would never find a woman better than her, but ... why did Jun Wu Xie refuse her?

Jun Wu Xie didn’t rush to respond to Han Shu. She just turned her head slightly and looked at Duan Qi, whose expression was tight.

Duan Qi was caught up by Jun Wu Xie’s stare, and she couldn’t help but feel a little nervous. She very much hoped that Jun Wu Xie would choose Han Shu, so much so that she didn’t say anything when Han Shu belittled the others. Except.... She still couldn’t figure Jun Wu Xie out.

“City Lord Yan ?” Duan Qi was a little nervous.

Jun Wu Xie said indifferently: “Elder Duan, can I still count on what you said to me previously?”

Duan Qi hesitated for a moment as she couldn’t understand what Jun Wu Xie meant. She could only ask, “What does City Lord Yan mean? I can’t seem to remember right this moment.”

Jun Wu Xie said, “What you said to me that day when you invited me to the Sacred Maiden Tribe.”

Jun Wu Xie’s words brought back Duan Qi’s memory. Duan Qi suddenly remembered that day when she invited Jun Wu Xie to the Sacred Maiden Tribe, her original intention was...

“Why did City Lord Yan ask such a question? What I said that day naturally counts.” Duan Qi tried hard to calm herself, but her heart was beating erratically. That day when she spoke to Jun Wu Xie, her tribe had the intention of forging a marriage alliance with Jun Wu Xie, but Jun Wu Xie’s reaction left Duan Qi quite helpless.

But now, Jun Wu Xie suddenly mentioned the matter, did she ... she figured it out?

Or did Jun Wu Xie fancy someone else in their Sacred Maiden Tribe?

Duan Qi almost unconsciously looked at Han Shu who was standing in front of Jun Wu Xie.

After Jun Wu Xie came to the Sacred Maiden Tribe, she rarely came into contact with the women. If her words were to be taken into account, Han Shu should have had the most contact with Jun Wu Xie, but Jun Wu Xie suddenly posed this question when Han Shu toasted her. Had Han Shu really caught Jun Wu Xie’s eye? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Obviously, Han Shu’s thoughts were the same as those of Duan Qi. The hand that was holding the wine cup started trembling unconsciously. She widened her eyes as she looked at Jun Wu Xie, her eyes were filled with anticipation.

She knew it!

She knew that City Lord Yan would not be so ruthless!

Han Shu’s face had already shown a touch of joy, but under the subtle signal from Duan Qi, she restrained herself, as she tried to maintain some semblance of dignity and calmness.

On the contrary, it was like Jun Wu Xie did not notice Han Shu’s excitement at all. She looked at Duan Qi and said, “Alright. Since Elder Duan has agreed that I am relieved. I just wonder if there would be conditions when I make my choice?”

Jun Wu Xie calmly set the bait for Duan Qi.

Although Duan Qi heard Jun Wu Xie’s words, she didn’t understand the meaning behind it. She was afraid that Jun Wu Xie would change her mind and immediately said, “City Lord Yan can rest assured, as long as your choice among the Sacred Maiden women present today did not include the elders, City Lord Yan can choose at will. ”