Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2871: Unjustifiable Dispute (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

After Han Shu was questioned by Jun Wu Xie, she was at a loss. She didn’t know what was inappropriate. Her instinct made her stand up to stop this. It was almost subconsciously that Han Shu turned to Duan Qi for help .

Duan Qi unconsciously frowned her brows. To be honest, whoever Jun Wu Xie had chosen today she would not be satisfied. Especially Yan Xi, definitely not her!

After receiving Han Shu’s gaze for help, Duan Qi couldn’t help feeling a little displeased. She had provided Han Shu with so many opportunities. But how could Han Shu not even win Yan Xi? However, Duan Qi herself was quite judgmental towards Yan Xi. Naturally, she did not want to see things end up this way. She immediately got up and said: “I think Yan Xi is not blessed to receive the good intentions of Lord Yan. Yan Xi had been ordered by His Lord this morning. She has been assigned to the Lord Jun Gu and served him for many years. The Sacred Maiden Tribe cannot make the decision if Lord Yan is to leave now. After all, Yan Xi is now serving Lord Jun Gu. ”

“Oh?” Jun Wu Xie raised her eyebrows slightly. She knew that things would not be that simple. But ...

“Since she’s Lord Jun Gu’s, why was it when I asked earlier if I could pick any woman present here today, I was informed that it was up to me to choose? Elder Duan had answered this pretty decisively?”

Duan Qi hesitated a little. She realized that Jun Wu Xie had just asked this to block her retreat, putting her in a difficult position. Duan Qi could only hold up her head and said, “This ... is my mistake. Lord Jun Gu and the maiden had just married. It’s natural that Yan Xi should not disturb them. This is why she came here. I have missed this and didn’t notice her coming here.”

Duan Qi shifted the responsibility directly to Yan Xi, not giving Yan Xi any chance to explain herself. She immediately raised her face and said, “Yan Xi, you shouldn’t have disturbed Lord Jun Gu and the Maiden today. You shouldn’t be here. It’s okay to stay peacefully in the room. It is such an important occasion, how can an outsider like you join us, would you leave soon?”

Yan Xi widened her eyes and watched Duan Qi clasp the responsibilities on her head. She secretly clenched her teeth.

Today, she didn’t plan to come here at all. It was Duan Qi who was too skeptical. She was forced to be here as she was afraid that she would mess up Han Zi Fei’s marriage. And now, Duan Qi pushed all the blame to her. How could such a ridiculous thing happen? !!

Yan Xi’s only hatred was the marriage between Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei. Now she was blamed for being an “outsider” by Duan Qi. The anger in her heart could not help burning. Furthermore, when she saw Han Shu’s malevolent gaze at her, she got more furious.

It was not her fault to be chosen by Jun Wu Xie. Why did Duan Qi and Han Shu demonstrate hatred in their expressions towards her?

This had nothing to do with her!

The anger in Yan Xi’s heart was about to erupt. After much consideration, she knew that she was in trouble with today’s incident and had gained no benefit from it. She could only hold back her anger, stood up, and lowered her head. With a look of hatred, she pretended to be calm and said: Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sorry for my impoliteness tonight, Yan Xi shall make a move first.”

After saying that, she just wanted to leave.

But as soon as Yan Xi stepped out of her position, a hand blocked Yan Xi’s departure.

“Wait.” Jun Wu Xie suddenly said.