Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2886: The Approaching Enemy (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie calmly listened to the dialogue between Elder Yun and Elder Luo, but a strange feeling appeared in her heart.

Gu Ying.

He was the most difficult of all the enemies Jun Wu Xie had faced thus far. Regardless of the Lower Realm or Middle Realm, his presence was everywhere. In the Middle Realm, Jun Wu Xie almost got trapped by Gu Ying, had it not been for Jun Wu Yao’s timely rescue, she would have faced grave danger at that time.

Even now, with Jun Wu Xie being in the Upper Realm, Gu Ying still existed. At the previous Banquet of Heroes, although Gu Ying did not show up in person, he had sent Gu Xinyan to Sea Spirit City. There was always this nagging feeling in Jun Wu Xie’s heart, that Gu Ying and her would face each other sooner or later.

And this time was soon approaching.

The impression that Gu Ying gave off was of a person who was always in a turbulent mood, and that he was a cruel young man. Jun Wu Xie still remembered that when she first saw Gu Ying, he had slaughtered those who dared to provoke him. That auction was halted because of his bloodlust, and it seemed like every appearance of Gu Ying was accompanied by blood and death.

From the conversation between Elder Yun and Elder Luo, Jun Wu Xie now knew that Gu Ying would arrive at the Holy Mountain within a few days, and it so happened that he would also be cultivating in the holy land. Jun Wu Xie would not be able to avoid a confrontation with him.

They would once again confront each other but the outcome was unknown.

Jun Wu Xie narrowed her eyes as she suppressed inner thoughts for a while, she calmed her heart as she cultivated in the sacred land.

Elder Yun left after speaking to Elder Luo, and Elder Luo did not immediately disturb Jun Wu Xie’s cultivation.

This first day of cultivation was calm and interesting. In the holy land, Jun Wu Xie experienced rapid growth of psychic power. The immense psychic power seemed to just flow into her from the ice layer beneath her feet, triggering the power within her.

At almost every moment, Jun Wu Xie’s psychic power was severely battered, and each shock brought about a strong turbulence to her psyche, however under that turbulence, her psychic power was constantly expanding!

Jun Wu Xie retired from her cultivation upon nightfall. She did not know when and how she fell into a state where she forgot herself, time and space. When she opened her eyes, there was a strange smell emanating from the sacred land. Although the scent was strange, Jun Wu Xie vaguely noticed several familiar undertones to it.

That was the smell of several very toxic herbs combined.

She followed the scent towards the source and found that the smell came from Elder Luo’s room. There was a thread that presented itself lightly to Jun Wu Xie’s heart, but it quickly disappeared from that space. And she found that she had reached Elder Luo’s igloo, and through a crack in her igloo, she looked inside.. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Within the room, from the way the ice bricks were laid, it was extremely bright under a candlelight. Elder Luo was standing in front of a table made of ice and playing with some utensils. A head-sized copper container was sitting on a copper receptacle while burning slowly over an icy blue flame on the table. The dark green liquid in the pot was bubbling and there was a green plume of smoke over it....

By the hand of Elder Luo, there are various medicines which have been processed. The shelves next to her were filled with transparent glass bottles. In each bottle, there were ugly and sinister creepy crawlies like snakes, various insects and rats!