Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2888: The Secret of The Sacred Maiden Tribe (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie witnessed the whole process with her own eyes, but what she cared most about was Elder Luo’s remarks about the potion.

Within the Three Realms, the only way to keep one’s appearance unchanged was to practise hard with one’s spiritual power. The stronger the spiritual power, the aging speed will slow down even more. Just like Jun Wu Xie, after she inherited Grandmaster’s Spirit Ring, during those five years of silence, the changes in her appearance were very subtle.

Furthermore, with Su Ya’s age, her looks were completely inconsistent, but because her spiritual power was very strong, it could maintain her looks without outright aging.

But...

The Sacred Maiden Tribe did not have a high innate aptitude for spiritual power. However, within the Sacred Maiden Tribe, Jun Wu Xie had not seen any aging persons. The people here, no matter what their status and ages were looked at most, in their early twenties. There was no hint of aging at all.

This was something Jun Wu Xie hadn’t noticed before. It wasn’t until Elder Luo mentioned the youth potion, that Jun Wu Xie thought back about it.

In terms of spiritual power alone, the spiritual power of the Sacred Maiden Tribe members could possibly delay their aging for a few years at most but it wasn’t enough to smooth out the traces of again over centuries.

But ... they did it.

A suspicion arose in Jun Wu Xie’s mind. At that moment, the woman who was shackled to the wall lost her energy and consciousness. Elder Luo observed the woman for a moment longer and left the room.

When Elder Luo pushed open the door of the igloo, she found that Jun Wu Xie was sitting cross-legged on the ice block with her eyes closed as she cultivated. A smile lifted the corners of her mouth, and she stepped forward and said, ” Lord Yan.”

Jun Wu Xie slowly opened her eyes and glanced at Elder Luo.

“Will Lord Yan be practicing longer today?” Elder Luo smiled.

“I’ll be a while more.” Jun Wu Xie said.

Elder Luo said: “Then Lord Yan, please carry on practicing. I have some matters to attend to, I will return shortly. If Lord Yan’s cultivation is completed, you can find an igloo to rest in, or if you want to go back, you can do so as well.”

Jun Wu Xie nodded, at the same time, she noticed that Elder Luo was holding two bottles filled with the green potion, which was just given to the woman. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Jun Wu Xie thought to herself that Elder Luo must have determined the effects of this potion, and wanted to inform the other elders of the Sacred Maiden Tribe.

Elder Luo gave a soft laugh as she walked past Jun Wu Xie, and headed towards the exit of the Holy Land.

A while later, after Elder Luo had left, Jun Wu Xie suddenly got up from the ice block and walked towards the igloo where Elder Luo was previously.

There was a lock on the door of the igloo, but perhaps she had stayed in this Holy Land for a long time, thus there was little protection and security. The lock was very simple and Jun Wu Xie was able to open it with little effort.

Entering into the room, the strange scent wafted to her nose instantly and it was strong. Jun Wu Xie subconsciously frowned. The sweet undertone of the strange scent, although frangant, was clearly derived from highly toxic herbs and was extremely deadly. Even if it was just a brief contact with the scent, it would still cause some sort of damage to mind.

Jun Wu Xie ate a Poison Neutralising Pill and then walked into the room.

She didn’t search the room, but instead walked straight to the chained woman who had fainted.

The woman’s face was calm, perhaps she was completely exhausted and had fainted.