Chapter 2895: Fraudulence (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie looked at Elder Luo and she could smell a faint scent from Elder Luo’s body. The scent was very light and if it was not for Jun Wu Xie who often deals with medicines, it was not easy to distinguish it.

Among this scent, Jun Wu Xie identified a scent that she was very familiar with. It was a flower that could unconsciously relax the mind and such a flower was not unfamiliar to her. Back in her previous life, she was once asked by the tribe’s superiors to use this flower to make a medicine that could relax people’s vigilance and accept suggestive hints. Jun Wu Xie did not expect that after going transmigrating, she would come across this thing once again.

Just that this time, the other party intended to use this flower to deal with her!

Jun Wu Xie looked at Elder Luo calmly, nodded slightly, as if she had found nothing wrong.

Elder Luo naturally didn’t think much about it. From her point of view, this profession was special. No matter how powerful Jun Wu Xie’s spiritual power was, she would never know much about medicines.

“I heard that Lord Yan and my disciple Yan Xi like each other. Yan Xi is my only disciple and I treat her like my biological daughter. I am also relieved to see that she has found someone.” Elder Luo deliberately relaxed her voice. What she needed to do now was to let Jun Wu Xie have a good impression of her while she was still in the Holy Land. This good impression and feeling would be good enough for her to make use of it in the future and would use it at her advantage.

Jun Wu Xie didn’t say anything. She just thought that Elder Luo’s words were indecent. How could she talk about relationships in a place like the Upper Realm? Didn’t Elder Luo find it ridiculous?

Like her biological daughter?

As far as Jun Wu Xie knows, although the situation of mothers and daughters in the Sacred Maiden Tribe was not as murderous as in other parts of the Upper Realm, after the birth of the child, the biological mothers will not raise them personally. They would be directly sent to the clan and to be raised by the elders till they reached adulthood. By then, both mother and daughter would be strangers.

Obviously, Jun Wu Xie knew exactly what Elder Luo had in mind.

But she was not in a hurry to expose her.

“Yan Xi has suffered a lot since she was a child. Because of her low psychic force, she had endured a lot of grief in the tribe. When I saw her that year, she was thin and pitiful. She had bright eyes, I could not bear her to go through anymore sufferings. Therefore, I accepted her as my disciple. In future, I hope that Lord Yan can treat her well ... ”

Jun Wu Xie did not respond and Elder Luo did not care either. Anyway, the medicine fragrance on her body would guide Jun Wu Xie to accept all her words. Jun Wu Xie could only listen.

Elder Luo started saying the acceptance of Yan Xi as a disciple. Many of the “ties” between her and Yan Xi that Jun Wu Xie talked about, from her words, it seems that her relationship with Yan Xi was very close. Like a mother and daughter. She constantly indicated to Jun Wu Xie that she was good to Yan Xi and even hinted that without her, Yan Xi would not have achieved what she is today.

Jun Wu Xie didn’t say anything from beginning to end. After Elder Luo finished all the words, Jun Wu Xie was still having the same expression.

Elder Luo didn’t know how much Jun Wu Xie had accepted. When she was trying to test it, the gate of the Holy Land was suddenly knocked on.

Elder Luo only had to say, “Who is it? Let me take a look first.”FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com