Chapter 2899: Life and death worm (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Just as Jun Wu Xie had guessed before, the youth worm was the secret of the eternal youth of the maidens. This poison was refined by Elder Luo herself. It would be added to the milk where the maidens were born. It was also added during feeding. The Sacred Maiden Tribe’s drinking water had also the youth worm added in. The amount was very small, and it will not be noticed by anyone.

And all this was arranged by the elders in the clan. Except the maidens, all elders in the tribe knew it.

Because the amount of youth worm taken at a time was very little, it did not have much impact on the body of the maidens. The chaotic pulse was only a slight side effect but it had no other impact on their health. Jun Wu Xie let out a little sigh of relief.

In fact, the use of external forces to maintain the maiden’s youth had been around since the beginning of the Sacred Maiden Tribe, but it was not the youth worm that was used at that time.

There was another thing. But the effect of that thing was far less obvious than that of youth worm, and it was abandoned by the tribe.

These things were done very secretly by the Sacred Maiden Tribe, so no one else would know about it. If Jun Wu Xie had not overheard these, she would not be able to unlock the secret.

In addition to the youth worm, Elder Luo also developed a lot of poisonous drugs. Although she did not agree with Duan Qi, there was one point that she and Duan Qi were consistent.

That’s the reputation of the Sacred Maiden Tribe!

In addition to taking the youth worm for the Sacred Maiden Tribe, the combination of the maidens and anyone should give birth to the boys. But before the baby boys were taken away, Elder Luo and Duan Qi would instill another kind of poison in private. That poison could completely destroy the psychic force of those baby boys, making them unable to pass on the spiritual advantages of the Sacred Maiden Tribe. And by doing so, this could protect the uniqueness of the tribe!

But those baby boys’ lives were shorter than others. The poison would weaken their psychic force and spirit energy.

It was only because of the weak relationship in the Upper Realms that those men did not care if their children survived long enough, and they were never discovered.

And the thing that shocked Jun Wu Xie most was life and death worm ... FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The poison in Elder Luo’s body was not that she had inadvertently acquired it, but inherited from the ruler of the Upper Realm, His Lord ...

All of Elder Luo’s teachings on witchcraft were the teachings from His Lord. All the books she read were also given by His Lord. This was not known to the maidens from the tribe.

They did not even know that while Elder Luo was refining the poison for the maidens, she was also providing various poisons for His Lord. Her disciple Yan Xi was also her successor. Because of the needs of His Lord, she was sent to Jun Gu.

And life and death worm...

It was a kind of poison that His Lord once spoke to Elder Luo. Elder Luo helped collect some materials and although she did not fully understand the life and death worm, she knew some of the refined products of life and death worm. The products made Han Zi Fei’s complexion pale in an instant!

If you want to make life and death worm, one would need the souls of 9,999 babies ...

Using their flesh and blood to temper the soul, in order to take a sublime and tempered soul, they will be trapped in life and death worm forever, and could no longer enter the reincarnation cycle.