UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chapter 2908: Bloody Provocations (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

On the other hand, those who concentrated on cultivation and chose to live in seclusion was precisely because they wanted to be detached from the power struggle so that they were able to put their whole minds into cultivation and increase their favourable circumstances.

But for the people in the 72 cities, even if they knew that they were not qualified to become one of the top ten exponents, it didn’t curb their enthusiasm.

After all, the opportunity to be able to get in close contact with those powerhouses was very valuable.

That was why, even though the trials have not yet started, the city lords have prepared piles of treasures, as they rushed one by one to give them to the top ten exponents.

Regarding this, Jun Wu Xie didn’t care about it at all. After leaving the restaurant, she didn’t return to the room to rest. Instead, she walked the streets of the Sacred City together with Jun Wu Yao, as they took in the sights of the strongest city.

Unlike other cities, the streets within the Sacred City were more like the Upper and Lower Realms.

There were shops, restaurants and bustling crowds, and it was very lively, however, you couldn’t see any children or elderly. There were no newborns in the Sacred City. This was something which everyone knew. This Sacred City was the land of the strong, it was not a place where you could put down roots.

Here only the arrival of the strong was accepted, and those newborns who still needed to hone their skills would never belong to this land.

Seemingly prosperous, yet hiding a tough reality.

Jun Wu Xie looked around. There were many medical shops in the Sacred City, and the herbs sold in those medical shops were very precious. Naturally, she would not miss this opportunity to purchase and stock up on a lot of herbs.

Just as she was preparing to return with Jun Wu Yao, there was a commotion on the street.

Jun Wu Xie looked at the crowd that was quickly moving towards somewhere on the street, but it was only a passing glance from her. She was never a person who needed to get in on the action. But as she was prepared to leave, a familiar voice suddenly drifted into her ears which made her halt in her steps.

Amidst the crowd, a child with a petite stature stood there suddenly. The child had a soft and immature face, and his facial features were very delicate, and his big black eyes were very endearing. He was dressed luxuriously and looked like he had walked out from a rich family’s house.

Except...

The feeling he gave others was completely opposite from how he looked.

Under his feet laid a heavily wounded guard. The silver armor on the chest of the guard had a large hole punched into it by something, and the guard’s chest also bore a gaping hole, so much so that you could see the ribs exposed in the air.

Large swaths of blood stained the ground, and the pungent blood smell filled everyone’s nose.

But the seemingly immature child was not frightened. There was a wild smile on the corner of his mouth. He raised his head and looked at a handsome man standing directly opposite him, provoking: “This is Your dog? It ‘s too bad, right? Nangong Lie, aren’t you one of the top ten? Why is there such a bunch of waste around you? ”

The person standing opposite the child was Nangong Lie, who had separated from Jun Wu Xie at Sea Spirit City, but at this moment, the handsome face of Nangong Lie seemed as if it had been frozen in ice. His two followers standing beside him were filled with fright and uncertainty.

Except...

With this scene, the entire street descended into silence. No one expected that there would be a person who dared to provoke Nangong Lie, one of the top ten exponents, in the Sacred City!