Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2936: Descending Into Danger (4)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

However, she was obviously the most unsuitable participant for the selection, but she was nevertheless asked to participate. Coupled with the various changes announced, made it difficult for Jun Gu’s mind not to race with possibilities. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“Long Yao is powerful, even I may not necessarily be his match. You have to be careful. No one in the Sacred City knows your real strength. As far as the Dual Spirit Rings is concerned, you already have the power to destroy the Knights of Destruction. With Long Yao’s temperament, he will never allow anyone to threaten his position. In this selection, the one you really need to pay attention to is not your opponent, but Long Yao. Do you know that?” Jun Gu watched Jun Wu Xie cautiously. If he were not afraid to expose his relationship with Jun Wu Xie prematurely, raising suspicion from His Lord, he wished he could stand in front of everyone at this moment and declare that Jun Wu Xie was his daughter, so that he could take care of her.

But if he did, it was likely that within a day, His Lord would realise that he had recovered his memory, and that he might be arrested and Jun Wu Xie’s identity would be under further scrutiny.

“What father means is that His Lord is using this selection as a means to make it difficult for me?” asked Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Gu did not respond immediately, but after a long silence, said, “Although I was selected by him, I have little actual contact with him. Before that, I had been in a daze, and I can only say nobody can predict his behavior, moody is the best way to describe him. If I really had to guess ... “Jun Gu looked up at Han Zi Fei,” Zi Fei, you should know more about him than me. From your point of view, what does the Lord want to do? ”

Han Zi Fei had no reason to mince her words, she said bluntly: “According to everything you just said, I think your inference should be correct. This selection is very likely to be directed at Little Xie. The Lord is a very strange character and seems to care about nothing. Looking at the entire Upper Realm and how chaotic the system is; the strong live and the weak die. This is not a place suitable for people to live. No matter how bad the injustice, He never reproaches anyone. The only thing he cares about is strength ... ”

In the Upper Realm, murder, arson, adultery, looting and whatever evils could be done, and no sanctions would be imposed. There were no family ties, no friendship, no love, and everything revolved around strength.

The strong controlled everything and could trample on the lives and dignity of the weak.

As far as someone in power was concerned, no one would be willing to raise a group of ambitious strong men, which would greatly threaten their rule.

But in the Upper Realm, there was no such worry. His Lord not only allowed this savagery, he even erased all rules and linked all power and status to strength. He hoped to see the ambitious people fight for their lives.

He never feared the emergence of any strong exponent, he even dared to use such an ambitious person as Long Ya and entrusted him with a big task.

In the eyes of many, his behaviour was that of a madman!

He only needed the strong, and everything else was secondary.