Chapter 2939: Massacre (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Kneel?

If there was such a thing, why would Nangong Lie not mention it? UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

It was clear that Fang Jinghe deliberately made things difficult for them.

At this moment, Fei Yan and Rong Ruo already knew very well that Fang Jinghe came to them at this time. But why?

They had not stayed in Sacred City for a long time and they had never had any contact with the people in the Sacred City. What was the reason that Fang Jinghe made things difficult this time?

“How? You don’t understand, I had already taught you. Do you want me to do it myself, break your legs, and teach you how to kneel down and greet?” Fang Jinghe sneered.

Fei Yan’s eyes narrowed, his whole body’s spiritual power had quietly condensed, and Rong Ruo following behind him had also entered a state of alert.

Kneel down?

Whether they kneel or not, Fang Jinghe would not let them go!

They had no time to think about why Fang Jinghe came. The situation right before them had driven them to a dead end!

Almost instantly, Fei Yan and Rong Ruo secretly exchanged a look. The two were at a distance from Fang Jinghe at the same time .Their spiritual power was started churning rapidly!

A spirit pattern flashing with light radiated around Rong Ruo’s body, and a spirit inscription appeared on Fei Yan’s body.

These were spiritual inscriptions that they had improved during this period of time.

“Oh? I didn’t expect two of you to be strong spirit inscriptions exponents. It really surprised me that you can condense spirit inscriptions at your age.” Fang Jinghe saw the spirit inscriptions around them. No surprise, he raised his eyebrows lightly. He slowly raised his hand, a dazzling aura emerged from the palm of his hand.

“However, it’s a pity that your opponent is me. Before you reach the real level of Spirit Ring exponent, even if you have more spirit inscriptions, it will not help you.” Fang Jinghe issued a grinning smile, viciously glanced over to Fei Yan and Rong Ruo.

Fei Yan and Rong Ruo had raised their alertness. Though Fang Jinghe had not given his shot, they had already felt a strong and powerful spiritual pressure surrounding them. The overwhelming force made them difficult to breathe. They had clearly realized the big gap between themselves and Fang Jinghe.

Cold sweat seeps from their foreheads. They were dealing against a real Spirit Ring exponent. It was a huge challenge for the two who had just gathered the spirit inscriptions.

Of course.

If they don’t fight, they will die. If they fight, there might be a chance to live!

“Now, I will let you know the difference between you and the Spirit Ring exponent. Dying in my hands is a glory for you.” The smile at the corner of Fang Jing’s mouth suddenly deepened. The figure disappeared without a trace the moment his words landed.

Rong Ruo was too late to see the moves of Fang Jinghe. She felt that a powerful force was coming towards her. She could only rely on her accumulated experience over the years of battles, concentrating all her strength on her arms. She covered her face with her arms in the shortest time.

Just when Rong Ruo just raised her hand, the figure of Fang Jinghe appeared in front of her. She saw a ray of light, like a thunderbolt. It hit Rong Ruo’s arms instantly. Rong Ruo’s body was like a kite with a broken line, flying several meters away. She fell heavily onto the ground, smashing a huge dent on the stone floor beneath her!