Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2947: Anger (1)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The pungent smell of blood filled every corner of the room. Blood was dripping from the floor. Qiao Chu was sitting on the chair with bandages on his body. In the spacious room, laid two beds. His face was blood-stained. Hua Yao and Fan Zhuo were lying on two separate beds.

At the bedside, the person covered with gauze on his face sat quietly. But Bai Mo’s eyes stood depressed and stood beside Fan Zhuo’s bed.

“Little Xie.” Qiao Chu noticed the arrival of Jun Wu Xie. He stood up from his chair. The blood and dust on his unwashed face covered his features. His eyes were red and filled with grief .

Jun Wu Xie stared into the room, and her mind became blank.

The moment she saw the inn on fire, she had already guessed that something had happened. But ... she didn’t expect that it would be so serious.

“You ... faster take a look at Brother Hua and Little Zhuo.” Qiao Chu’s eyes were a little hot. He didn’t know how he managed to survive the time after he returned.

Jun Wu Xie took a deep breath, walked to the bed without a word. She looked at the sleeping Hua Yao and Fan Zhuo, and said nothing. She raised her hands and summoned Little Lotus, Poppy, Blood Velvet and all her ring spirits. The black cat jumped onto her shoulder. Without the need for Jun Wu Xie to speak, the black cat already knew what she wanted to do. It raised its paw immediately and directed the six ring spirits to get working.

Jun Wu Xie took out all the life-saving elixirs from the Cosmos Sack. Her eyes were cold and Nangong Lie aside didn’t dare to say a word. The whole room was quiet but the atmosphere was heavy. Qiao Chu was watching Jun Wu Xie working swiftly, her hands dancing deftly as she tended meticulously with those deadly injuries on Hua Yao and Fan Zhuo’s bodies. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Whether it is Hua Yao or Fan Zhuo, their injuries could no longer be dragged on. Nangong Lie had secretly invited two doctors before. But for such a serious injury, they could not help in anyway. Fortunately, Qiao Chu did not panic. He still remembered that Jun Wu Xie had prepared some life saving elixir for each of them before. He had rushed to feed them to Hua Yao and the rest so he had time to bring Jun Wu Xie here.

Otherwise...

It was impossible to wait until Jun Wu Xie returned. They would have already died by then.

Jun Wu Yao stood behind Jun Wu Xie and said nothing. At this moment Jun Wu Xie didn’t need any comfort. Every minute and every second, she was racing with death.

Bai Mo stood by the side. His small and clean face was covered with fine scars. It was much better than Fan Zhuo who was lying on the bed. If it was at normal times that he saw Jun Wu Xie summon those Ring Spirits, he would be surprised. But now, his entire face was pale to the extreme but his gaze was solely fixated at Fan Zhuo’s bruised face as he clenched his own fists till his knuckles turned white.

The injuries of the two of them were very serious. It could not be delayed for half a minute. Jun Wu Xie did not dare to slow down the treatment of any one person and could only proceed at the same time. She was working so fast that only the after images of her hands could be seen. Nangong Lie, who was watching from the side, could not even see clearly what she was doing. But the wounds on Fan Zhuo and Hua Yao were healed at a rate that was visible to the naked eye. The faces of the two also improved under the passage of time. Even their breathing had become much stronger than before.