Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2958: Come Out and Die! (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Yan Hai?” Long Yao’s eyes became as big as saucers. The person on the platform was the last person he had expected to see!

It was the same Jun Wu Xie who should have been at that moment, consumed by hatred and plotting her revenge that was standing defiantly in the middle of the arena. All the applause and cheers in the arena were for her!

The most powerful person in the 72 cities left everyone in the arena dumbfounded. Nobody thought that Jun Wu Xie would appear in the arena at that moment.

In fact, although today’s selection was more exciting than previous days, it was still being fought by weaker exponents. The real contenders would only appear later, yet Jun Wu Xie suddenly appeared.

Her appearance had whipped everyone in the arena into a frenzy! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In all the 72 cities, was there anyone who did not know who she was and how powerful she was?

As she stood on the platform, all remaining challengers hoping to show their strength felt totally defeated!

What a joke!

How were they going to fight?

They were only at the level of Spiritual Inscriptions and could be crushed by any Spirit Ring bearer, not to mention someone like Jun Wu Xie who possessed a Dual Spirit Ring!

All those from the Golden Peak Pinnacle cowered into a corner and all the Spiritual Inscription warriors unconsciously started retreating from the platform that could spell certain death for them. Even the strong Spirit Ring Bearers, upon seeing Jun Wu Xie, started twitching uncontrollably.

What did this person actually want?

Who would dare to challenge a Dual Spirit Ring bearer?

After the cheers, an eerie silence permeated the arena....

The winner of the last round barely had time to savour his victory before his great joy got devoured by an even greater fear when he saw Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie looked at him coldly, turning his legs into jelly. She said nothing but he gasped in fear and scrambled off the platform.

Come n, fight with a Dual Spirit Ring bearer?!

He was not tired of living!!

Jun Wu Xie was the only one left on the platform. She steadily turned her ice gaze towards the one in the highest chair, Long Yao!

When Long Yao’s eyes met Jun Wu Xie, there was no wavering in his heart. On the first day of the selections, he had already seen the youth and other than a cool demeanor, could not discern anything related to her character. But today, looking at her steely gaze, he could feel her murderous intent!

Jun Wu Xie had come filled with hatred, ready to take revenge.

In a way that Long Yao did not expect....

Imagine. The moment Jun Wu Xie stood on the platform, her Dual Spirit Ring was enough to deter all the contestants in the selection. With her strength, who would dare to enter the ring? !!

Long Yao had calculated everything, except the possibility of Jun Wu Xie being able to think of such a thorough method of revenge while experiencing such anger and hate.

As long as nobody went up the platform, Jun Wu Xie could challenge the Top Ten masters directly!

There was no need to wait at all!