Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2970 Ridiculous poison king 5

This scene made everyones’ hair stand on end. That Bai Zhu who was swollen the moment before was now like a dry corpse that had been drained off flesh and blood. A layer of yellow, wrinkled skin was sticking on his body.

However, his eyes still looked at the crowd in horror.

That was an extremely creepy feeling that no one could fathom.

Bai Zhu was lying straight on the ground, except for his eyes, he could not move an inch of his body. His bones were so aching so badly that he couldn’t even muster up a sliver of strength. The layer of skin that was sticking to his body was like a piece of hard wax.

Fang Jinghe on the side was already so scared and he looked as if he had lost his soul. He had been complacent, living arrogantly under the title of Poison King. He had never seen such a sinister poison in his life.

From the meat ball to a shrivelled up body in the blink of an eye; if Fang Jinghe had not seen it in person, he would not have believed it at all!

As far as Fang Jinghe’s understanding of toxicity was concerned, there was no poison detected at all. Moreover, no such similar poisons had been recorded in any ancient prescriptions before.

Lying on the ground, Bai Zhu’s spirit was torn. He seemed to be half dead and motionless, but he knew it. Although he had turned into the appearance of this shrivelled up body, his perception remained conscious. At this moment, he felt countless ants gnawing at his bones, the kind of heart-tingling itch and itching made Bai Zhu feel that living was worse than death!

Bai Zhu never dreamt that before he died, he would suffer so much!

Despair, pain and fear began to devour his soul with the impending death.

The yellow skin gradually became dark brown under the sun, as if the last bit of water had evaporated. Fine cracks started to spread on the skin’s folds. With a gust of wind, the shrivelled up body of Bai Zhu instantly turned into powder and dissipated with the wind, leaving no trace on the ground.

A living person right before them had undergone this series of changes. The people standing in the room witnessed the process of the creation of this shrivelled up body that had in turn disintegrated and disappeared right before their very eyes... What would take thousands of years to happen had just flashed before their very eyes ...

There was not a single sound.

Jun Wu Xie narrowed her eyes and looked at the clean ground as a sneer curled up at the corner of her lips. She slightly raised her head and looked at Long Yao, “Lord Long Yao, how was it?”

How was it? DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Long Yao’s mouth couldn’t help twitching. Never thought that Jun Wu Xie could really kill him so cleanly. This was really beyond Long Yao’s expectation.

This boy was too dangerous!

“Since the matter of the 72 cities has been resolved, then Yan Hai, you should choose your opponent to challenge.” Long Yao forced down the dissatisfaction in his heart and looked at Jun Wu Xie with an ugly expression.

Jun Wu Xie has only one chance. No matter which one of the Top Ten Experts she killed,there would still be four people. Those four would be like four thorns stuck in Jun Wu Xie’s throat. The more cruel Jun Wu Xie was to Bai Zhu, the more convinced Long Yao knew the importance of her companions.

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes glanced at the Top Ten Experts in the room. Anyone who was caught by her gaze started to tremble uncontrollably and their face turned blue ...