2974 I want to challenge six of them 4

The six Top Ten Experts, in the presence of Jun Wu Xie, had no strength to fight back.

Such a crushing defeat had never crossed Long Yao’s mind. He thought that with the power of the Top Ten Experts, he could at least survive for a while. At that time, he might still have an excuse to stop it. The current situation had made Long Yao clearly realize that he could not even see the real situation of the battle!

The two whirlwinds were like two giant dragons on the ring, as if they tore everything apart.

Everyone’s eyes changed from wonder to fear. The fear of the two powerful forces wrecking havoc made their souls tremble.

The smell of blood was brought along by the wind. The surrounding area was covered with blood and some suspicious pieces of meat were faintly seen. Even the people sitting near the platform had been stained with blood. Moreover, the blood was still warm. It made people scream in horror as they directly vomited on the spot.

At this moment, the whole arena became the battlefield of Shura, death and blood filled every corner.

When the whirlwind on the ring platform gradually disappeared, only two figures remained on the ring platform.

Jun Wu Xie stood in the midst of the sea of blood, while the other was Qing Ke whose legs had softened.

No one knew what happened. Only Qing Ke, who was on the ring, witnessed the death of the others. He was extremely grateful at the moment. Fortunately he told the news to Nangong Lie, otherwise he would also end up...

Qing Ke’s legs were weak. He fell on the platform. Under his body, the sticky touch made his hair stand.

The entire ring was stained with red blood. Except for him, all the Top Ten Experts did not even have a complete bone left!

“I won.” Jun Wu Xie stood in the blood. She slowly raised her head and looked at Long Yao who was standing above. The crimson blood became a magnificent backdrop for her, as she looked like a demon who had crawled out from the depths of hell, manifesting and magnifying the fear of everyone around.

Long Yao looked at Jun Wu Xie dumbly. He looked at that pair of cold eyes. After the bloody massacre, the murderous intent in Jun Wu Xie’s eyes did not diminish the slightest. Instead, it grew. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Long Yao took a step back subconsciously. His heel knocked against the chair. His majestic figure tumbled onto the chair and he was embarrassed.

Jun Wu Xie’s revenge was not over. The person she really wanted to kill was him!

This feeling made the blood on Long Yao’s whole body fade away at this moment. After looking at Jun Wu Xie’s methods one after another, the ambitious Long Yao couldn’t help but doubt if all that he did was right ... or wrong ...

What kind of monster had he provoked!

There was a dead silence on the field, and no one dared to make a slight sound. People were a little embarrassed, as if they were unacceptable. They desperately wanted to compete for the Top Ten Experts, but they couldn’t even fight Jun Wu Xie’s fingers.

What they longed for and pursued was in front of them. But Jun Wu Xie used her strength to completely smash them into smithereens.

Jun Wu Xie slowly retracted her eyes and glanced at Qing Ke sitting unscathed on the ring. She stepped down from the ring under the eyes of everyone.

Following behind her was a series of red blood footprints.