Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chapter 2995 A Shocking News 1

Su Ruiying was deadly serious, it was not till late at night that she put the half completed doll on the table and left the room.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao were standing by the window, watching Su Ruiying from behind. The two looked at each other and walked towards the room in tandem.

Su Ruiying had raised many questions for them, the captured souls, the puppets to store the souls, and that door....

However, just as they were going to open the door, they heard a faint noise coming from behind them.

Jun Wu Xie turned quickly only to see a small stone the size of a fingernail roll to her feet.

A chill flashed across Jun Wu Yao’s eyes as he looked at Jun Wu Xie.

This was the second time they had heard this strange sound, both times having a certain effect. Someone was obviously trying to hint at something.

But who could that person be?

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao abandoned their plan to enter Su Ruiying’s house for now and turned towards the direction the stone came from.

The stone came from a patch of short grass in the garden and they followed the moonlight towards that very patch.

Under the moonlight, a broken puppet raised its head and looked at them.

“A....puppet?” Jun Wu Xie got a shock when she saw the puppet holding the stone. This puppet was quite damaged, its clothes were charred as though it had been in a fire, its legs and body were black and showed signs of severe fire damage and its face had been sliced repeatedly, leaving scars. Compared to the puppets in the room, this one was both ugly and dirty but it had a nice pair of eyes. And for some reason, Jun Wu Xie found it familiar.

Jun Wu Xie automatically lowered her body, bringing her closer to the puppet. She wanted to examine the puppet to find any trace of the familiarity.

The puppet was that of a youth. Although it had sustained serious damage to its body and the wood had started to crack, one could still roughly make out its facial features. It was originally a handsome youth but the damage was too severe and while one could get an idea of its original splendour, it was impossible to know what it looked like originally.

But Jun Wu Xie could not shake that feeling of familiarity.

“What do you want to say to us?” Jun Wu Xie asked tentatively.

The puppet opened its mouth but it was merely decorative and when it opened it, flakes of wood started falling from his face without a sound. It quickly covered its face in embarrassment and looked on anxiously.

The puppet quickly had an idea, it picked up little twigs and started laying them on the grass to form words. The puppet was quite damaged and writing in the dirt was not a simple task. With every word, a piece of wood broke off from the puppet, making him look more and more pathetic.

When the puppet had finished writing a few words, it sat miserably on the grass, looking very weak indeed.