Chapter 2998 Soul Transfer 1

Rong Ruo was dead, yet one could say she was still alive.

In fact, Rong Ruo was from the Soul Spirit Race. In addition, Rong Ruo had a dual soul, her main soul being female and the secondary one being male. According to the normal growth process, when she reached maturity, her secondary soul should have disappeared. The problem occurred the day Rong Ruo’s home was attacked. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At that time, Rong Ruo was still very young and had both souls in her body. Witnessing the sheer carnage and bloodshed on that day was a huge shock to her system. As a result of this shock, her main soul took a backseat and became a bit fragile and her secondary soul had to take control of her body in order to preserve and protect it.

Jun Wu Xie and the others usually saw Rong Ruo as a female because her main soul was female and her body had settled. But in times of great stress, her main soul would retreat and the secondary, male soul could take control of her body.

In other words, the one who had been interacting with Jun Wu Xie and the rest in the past, was not the Rong Ruo who was born female but instead was the secondary male soul who was also the older brother between the two souls.

The brother soul had control over the body but knew clearly he was merely its caretaker. He was waiting for his sister to wake up and accept the reality so he could quietly fade into the background.

But that day still had not arrived.

When Fan Jinghe attacked him and Qiao Chu, Rong Ruo had given up on any hope of survival. He swallowed the Hell Butterfly, a secret method of the Soul Spirit Race in order to perish with his enemy but did not expect....

The moment before the soul exploded, after being dormant for a long time, the soul belonging to the younger sister suddenly awakened, and at the most critical moment, pushed the brother’s soul out of the body.

This resulted in the survival of the soul Jun Wu Xie was familiar with.

Although Rong Ruo’s soul had survived, the violence of the blast and the pain from being forced out of the body caused him to enter into a deep sleep. When he awoke, he realised he was nothing more than a soul with no body and was trapped in a dark and cramped room.

He wanted to leave but was blocked by an invisible wall. When he regained his senses, he realised he was in a small crystal ball that was on a shelf. Looking around, he found himself surrounded by countless similar crystal balls each containing a terrified soul inside.

At that moment, Rong Ruo felt like he was trapped in a nightmare and had no idea what was going on. There was no mistaking however, the impending fear that he felt.

He had been in the crystal ball for two days when the door to the room opened and in walked a lady with a scar in the shape of a cross on her face. She looked upon the rows of crystal balls before finally stopping in front of the ball containing Rong Ruo’s soul and took that ball out of the room.

After that, Rong Ruo saw that once the lady had finished carving half a puppet, the crystal ball that was resting on the table was sucked into the puppet. Rong Ruo was stunned.