Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3001 A Tyrant’s Cruelty 1

Furthermore, if Su Ruiying wished, she could control the puppets remotely and eliminate the people she did not like. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Who would guard against a puppet?

And....

All of Su Ruiying’s puppets had a special feature, she would never choose a strong and powerful puppet but only picked beautiful souls to make puppets with.

Su Ruiying picked Rong Ruo for his handsome appearance but when he was in the room of crystal balls, he saw that not all the captured souls were young and beautiful, there were souls of old people and average looking people but what shocked him most of all were the many souls of babies inside the crystal balls....

All the souls were so small and when they were not quietly sleeping in the crystal balls, they were awake and just observing what was going on outside.

It was the souls of the babies that were surprisingly, the most quiet.

“I can’t help but feel there is something amiss with the souls in Su Ruiying’s room. Little Xie, Brother Wu Yao, Su Ruiying is a Knight of Destruction and if my memory serves me well, when Little Xie returned from the Soul World, she said that the Upper Realm wanted to use spirits from the Soul World to reopen the Blood Sacrifice Array. However, Little Xie stopped it by saving the souls from the Soul World. But His Lord would definitely not give up on this plan so easily, do you think....they would use the souls of live people?” Rong Ruo’s eyes narrowed. This thought had been on his mind for a while and after thinking about it, the conclusion was unbelievable.

“The Upper Realm’s rule of only the strong survive, plus the babies that need to fend for themselves once they’re born plus those babies’ souls in the crystal balls...Little Xie, do you think.....” Rong Ruo was unable to continue, the final conclusion left him speechless.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao were also lost in thought, if not for Rong Ruo’s discovery, they would have not given it much thought but with his information, there was an answer in their heads.

The Upper Realm was a cruel and savage place and the one who created that way of life was the one they called His Lord. He controlled every aspect of the Upper Realm down to its rules and regulations.

He possessed Dual Spirit Rings that were incomparable in power and could have ruled over all Three Realms but chose to let most of it go, not caring about what went on in the 72 Cities. He made it such that only the strong survive and seemed to constantly instigate battles among people. He even used the Sea Spirit Beasts to test on newborn babies while performing a purge at the same time.

Although Jun Wu Xie had never been in a true position of power, she had previously helped Mo Qian Yuan and Lei Chen to their thrones. She knew exactly what needed to be done in order to get such a position.

Conserve your strength, and grow your power as much as possible and unlike His Lord, do not let your experts kill each other. All these things seem to point in one direction ...