Chapter 3010 You Have Returned 5

Jun Wu Yao hugged Jun Wu Xie without saying anything. No matter how many trials they had experienced, in that moment, they were happy. It was a simple kind of happiness that no matter how simple, would be difficult for Fei Yan and Rong Ruo to experience.

Qiao Chu and the rest did not want to disturb Rong Ruo and Fei Yan so they found a quiet place and chatted with Jun Wu Xie.

From Jun Wu Xie, they found out about Su Ruiying and the suffering that Rong Ruo underwent at her hands.

“There are no good people in the Upper Realm! Is Long Yao not enough? Now we have Su Ruiying to deal with! Other than Jun Gu, none of the Knights of Destruction are good people!” Qiao Chu vented angrily after hearing the news.

Compared to Qiau Chu’s anger, Hua Yao’s reaction was more restrained, he cared more about what would happen to Rong Ruo.

“Little Xie, do you really have a way to give Little Ruo back a body?”

Jun Wu Xie pursed her lips without confidence.

“I can’t guarantee anything and can only try, plus this method can only be granted by the Lord.”

Gu Ying’s rebirth and Rong Ruo’s situation were not exactly the same so Jun Wu Xie was not sure if it would work.

“Let’s not care about that for now, defeating His Lord remains our ultimate aim and once we achieve that, there will surely be a way to save Little Ruo.” Fan Zhuo said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jun Wu Xie nodded her head.

“However, based on what you have concluded about Su Ruiying, His Lord will not be easy to deal with. He might be the hardest enemy we’ve ever dealt with. Little Xie has been very cautious since coming to the Upper Realm but no matter how cautious she has been, her actions have caused ripples. Moreover with the Dual Spirit Rings and Yan Hai’s great power, things have definitely been out of the ordinary here. I’m afraid that His Lord already has a plan and is just waiting for the right time to strike against Little Xie.” Fan Zhuo said worriedly.

With the exception of Long Yao’s attack, their journey in the Upper Realm had been quite smooth and they had suffered no other injuries. This was all down to Jun Wu Xie’s meticulous planning. To an outsider, all of Jun Wu Xie’s actions had perfectly reasonable explanations.

But.....

They were not confident if they could fool someone who had the ability to plan three routes to the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms.

“I don’t know.” Jun Wu Xie took a deep breath, “I don’t know if he has discovered our plans but in the current situation, we have no way to retreat. If we leave the Upper Realm now, the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms will happen eventually, killing us and all by our side. But if we continue, at least we have some hope.”

To die and be reborn, they only had one path to take!

“Little Xie is right, let’s do it! At most we will die trying! I don’t believe that together we can’t defeat that dog of a Lord!” Qiao Chu said, thumping his chest and rousing his spirits.

Maybe Qiao Chu’s enthusiasm was infectious and everybody was finally smiling after many days of sombreness.

“Little Xie, what do we do next?” Hua Yao asked Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie glanced at Jun Wu Yao and said, “Revenge.”

Long Yao and Su Ruiying had debts of blood to pay!