Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3016 Fast death 4

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

No matter how powerful Jun Wu Xie’s strength was, she had just won the Top Ten Experts in the selection contest. Even though His Lord would not control the battles in the Upper Realm, the Top Ten Experts and the Knights of Destruction were all managed by His Lord. If this fight starts, it would really alarm him!

However, no matter how much doubt and curiosity they had, no one dared to speak out. Everyone shrank their shoulders subconsciously and looked at the two people who were facing each other.

“Do you think you can escape?” Jun Wu Xie looked at Long Yao calmly.

Long Yao cursed with a low voice and his gaze became grim. He looked at Jun Wu Xie fiercely, filled with hatred.

“Escape? Why should I escape? Yan Hai, you are just a reserve of the Top Ten Experts. What do you have to fight against me? So what if I arranged people to strike those around you? As long as you don’t become a Knight of Destruction, you can’t take action against me! In front of His Lord, the Knights of Destruction can always step on a garbage like you! I only hate, only hate Fang Jinghe and the whole bunch of garbage. I should have killed all those dogs around you! I was wrong at the beginning, I shouldn’t let them go. Instead I should kill them by myself, I should personally peel their skin and remove their veins and send their bodies right to you.” Long Yao was completely out to take the risk. He knew very well that even if he knelt down to beg for mercy now, Jun Wu Xie would not let him go.

“I really want to see what expression you will have when you see that scene, ha ha ha ha!” Long Yao laughed wildly, his vicious eyes swept across Jun Wu Xie’s body with gritted teeth and said: “Kill me in public if you have the guts to do so. There are so many people here. I want to see how you can shut the mouths of these people? Once His Lord knows about this, I want to see what good ending you would have?” Long Yao kept calming himself down.

The Knight of Destruction was different from the others in the Upper Realm. Each of them had been personally selected by His Lord and each held great strength.

They were all directly under His Lord. Anyone who wanted to do harm to them would be punished by His Lord. He didn’t believe that Jun Wu Xie really dared to kill him under the eyes of everyone.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Long Yao coldly. His malicious words filled her ears yet all that was on her mind was the constant tragic scenes of Fei Yan and the others. Those images were like blades slashing her heart, poking various sore spots.

That was her reverse scale, her bottom line!

“Do I really have this skill? You will know soon.” Jun Wu Xie’s eyes became a little colder as she walked towards Long Yao. The Dual Spirit Rings in her hands were shining dazzlingly.

Almost in a flash, Jun Wu Xie’s figure disappeared in place. Long Yao’s body cells were about to explode at this moment. He immediately used his strength to prepare for a battle against Jun Wu Xie. .

On the whole street, people could not see the figure of Jun Wu Xie and Long Yao at all. They could only see streaks of lights flashing before them. Moving at incredible speeds, far exceeding thunder and lightning, the roaring burst sound almost tore everyone’s eardrums. The after-waves that spread out are scraping the crowds on the street, and countless rubble and debris floated up in the air!