Chapter 3022 Entering tiger’s den 2

After Su Ruiying returned from Chi Yan’s house, she was a little uneasy, and even the puppets who couldn’t put it down on normal days could not calm her panic. When she met Jun Wu Xie, her eyes kept focusing on Jun Wu Xie’s body. She feared that Jun Wu Xie had discovered Long Yao’s plan and she had followed Long Yao’s footsteps.

Fortunately, Jun Wu Xie never paid any attention to her from beginning to end. This made Su Ruiying more or less relieved. She had never hoped to be ignored by others as she did now.

“Lady Ying.” The ghoul masked man came cautiously to Su Ruiying’s side and served the tea carefully.

Su Ruiying was not in the mood to drink. She did not know why there was always a feeling of irritability in her heart. She always felt that something ominous was going to happen.

“For the following days, I won’t see anyone who comes over. If someone comes, tell them that I am sick. Do you understand?” Su Ruiying said uncomfortably. Although Jun Wu Xie was going to see His Lord in three days but prior to this, Su Ruiying did not want any accidents to happen.

She saw Long Yao’s body in Chi Yan’s backyard, and the bloody scene hadn’t faded from her mind until now.

“Yes.” The ghoul masked man responded honestly.

But...

The ghoul masked man hadn’t had the time to convey the message of Su Ruiying, and the ugly old man who was staying outside hurried over. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Lady Ying, that Yan Hai is here again.”

After the old man made his report, Su Ruiying almost swept the teacup on the table to the ground, her face suddenly turned pale.

“Why is he here?” Su Ruiying’s voice became a little stiff.

“I don’t know, he is waiting outside the house now.”

Su Ruiying pursed her lips. It was too late for her to chase Yan Hai away.

“Let him come in.” Su Ruiying took a deep breath and scolded Long Yao back and forth in her heart. The time of Long Yao’s death and the time of leaving her home were one after the other. Basically, Jun Wu Xie killed Long Yao right after he left meeting with Su Ruiying.

Who knows whether Jun Wu Xie would have guessed anything.

At this moment, Su Ruiying really hated Long Yao. He should not come to find her just before Jun Wu Xie killed him. Who knows if Long Yao said anything before his death!

After a while, Jun Wu Xie walked into the hall. Su Ruiying tried to make her expression look more natural. Her eyes trembled slightly as she looked at Jun Wu Yao who was behind Jun Wu Xie.

At the beginning, she would actively invite Jun Wu Xie to come to her house as a guest. One was to attract Jun Wu Xie, and the other was to look at the follower behind Jun Wu Xie. After the Knight of Destruction had forgotten everything, she would use this follower to create her new soul puppet doll. But now ...

Even if Su Ruiying had another hundred guts, she would not dare to think so.

Long Yao was only instigating the Top Ten Experts to attack the guards around Jun Wu Xie. As a result, not only did the Top Ten Experts were all destroyed, even Long Yao himself died in the hands of Jun Wu Xie. Su Ruiying no longer dared to strike the people around Jun Wu Xie.

“Yan Hai, why are you here? I thought you have left to rest after meeting with Chi Yan,” Su Ruiying said calmly.