Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3026 Surprise discovery 2

Jun Wu Xie gave a quick glance and saw a description of a puppet. Her eyes became extremely cold.

The whole process was clearly written on it, and combining time and events. She was sure that the puppet written above was Rong Ruo!

“What’s wrong?” Jun Wu Yao seemed to notice Jun Wu Xie’s anomaly, and walked to her and asked softly.

Jun Wu Xie shook her head and put back the book that had been read back again. But her strength was a little heavier. The parchment book hit the drawer with some sound, before waiting for Jun Wu Xie to react.

From the back of the drawer, a thin scroll suddenly fell out.

Jun Wu Yao stretched out his hand to pick up the scroll before it fell to the ground.

“This is ...” Jun Wu Yao’s eyes slightly stunned when he read the contents of the scroll.

Jun Wu Xie stretched out her hand to take the scroll, but with a glance, her eyes suddenly lit up in excitement!

On the scroll, there were four words clearly written -Life and Death Worm! !

“Life and Death Worm? How could this thing be in Su Ruiying’s hands?” Jun Wu Xie looked at the scroll in her hand with surprise and almost couldn’t wait to turn it over. The scroll detailed the process of refining the whole life and death worm.

“Is the life and death worm made by Su Ruiying ?” Jun Wu Xie made a guess.

Jun Wu Yao shook his head. “The book you just held should be from Su Ruiying, but the writing on it is very different from this one, and I am afraid that the scroll is dilapidated and comparing the two, it should not be Su Ruiying’s handwriting. ”

“Then this scroll ...” Jun Wu Xie’s mood suddenly became excited. If this scroll could be used to release the life and death worm from Jun Wu Yao’s body, then she would be more confident.

“If I didn’t guess wrong, it should be His Lord who handed it to Su Ruiying. Elder Luo also said before, refining the life and death worm requires a lot of souls, and Su Ruiying is good at manipulating the souls. His Lord may still want to prepare the second life and death worm. This is why it will be handed over to Su Ruiying. ” said Jun Wu Yao. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The second life and death worm?” Jun Wu Xie’s brows were slightly wrinkled. Who does His Lord want to use this deadly poison on?

Jun Wu Xie didn’t have much time to think. She could only keep all the contents of the book in her mind in the shortest span of time, and then put the scroll back in place.

She now knows the refining method of life and death worm and the materials needed, and the rest was to find a way to remove it.

“That room, was what Rong Ruo mentioned before?” Jun Wu Yao’s eyes fell on the other door in the room.

According to Rong Ruo’s memories, behind that door was a huge room filled with many souls.

Jun Wu Xie nodded, and the two immediately walked towards the room.

The moment when the door was pushed open, a cold breath came across, as if entering the world of ice and snow in an instant.

Through the faint candlelight, Jun Wu Xie clearly saw the shelf in the room and the thousands of crystal balls on the shelf!

In each crystal ball, there was a relentless and terrified face reflected, and the twisted soul constantly struggled and screamed in the small sphere. Their voices, their roars, were completely isolated in the crystal ball, no one would hear it even if they shouted till they broke their throat.