Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3031 His Lord 1

Su Ruiying had some confusion in her mind. She always felt that she had just entered the room and was driven away by Jun Wu Xie before saying anything to her.

After Su Ruiying left, Jun Wu Xie fell into contemplation.

After a long time, Jun Wu Yao woke up. Jun Wu Xie quickly told Jun Wu

Ya what Su Ruiying had said, but Jun Wu Yao was quite shocked.

“I ... don’t remember anything.” Jun Wu Yao leaned on his forehead. If it weren’t for the fragments of memories that flashed in his mind, he didn’t realize that he had such an experience, at least in his memory. In this regard, this piece could be said to be blank.

“As for Su Ruiying, let’s not do anything to her for now. Let’s find out more about it first. Now that I know the refinement method of life and death worm, it is better to take a look at this time to study it.” Jun Wu Xie said. The current situation was somewhat beyond their expectations. The lost memory of Jun Wu Yao and how he escaped from the Upper Realm had become a huge mystery. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jun Wu Xie vaguely felt that this must be key to this mystery.

Jun Wu Yao nodded.

After making this plan, the two never left the room again. In the last two days, Jun Wu Xie silently wrote down the refinement methods of life and death worm. The two studied together for a long time, but they were surprised to find that the refining of this poison was almost impossible.

Using soul and blood to refine into this poison. It was hard to imagine what kind of person could create this.

They had initially thought that with the refinement method of life and death worm, they could then solve the life and death worm that resided in Jun Wu Yao. But the more they understood life and death worm, the more Jun Wu Xie felt that the poison was ruthless and difficult to remove.

Time ticked by and in a blink of an eye, it was time for Jun Wu Xie to see His Lord.

Su Ruiying seldom took the initiative to knock on Jun Wu Xie’s door. Today, she came over and told Jun Wu Xie that Chi Yan’s carriage had stopped outside and was waiting to pick Jun Wu Xie to see His Lord.

Jun Wu Xie asked Jun Wu Yao to return to where the rest were first to play it safe. She then boarded the carriage and departed to meet with His Lord.

The Sacred Palace was the largest and most magnificent building in Sacred City. Jun Wu Xie had seen many Palaces when she was in the Lower Realm. Even the most exquisite Fire Country’s Palace was just one tenth magnificent compared to His Lord’s Sacred Palace.

In front of the gate of the palace, nearly a hundred soldiers lined up neatly. Their armor shone dazzlingly in the sunlight. They looked at everything with cold eyes, as sharp as swords without emotion.

The carriage stopped outside the large gate, Jun Wu Xie came down from the carriage and the moment her foot touched the ground, she saw a majestic Chi Yan already standing on the stairs of the hall. He was holding a sword in his waist, his eyes were arrogant and fierce.

“His Lord is waiting for you.” Chi Yan said coldly, looking at Jun Wu Xie’s eyes without any emotions.

Jun Wu Xie looked at the closed palace door and took a deep breath.

After that gate, it was His Lord who controlled the sentient beings of the Three Realms. The one who completely played with the Three Realms in the palm of his hands!

“Lord Chi Yan, please lead the way.” Jun Wu Xie lifted her chin slightly, and said in a humble manner.