Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 3037 His Highness Ying 4

“Lord Yan, aren’t you curious?” Gu Ying asked in a somewhat flippant manner.

Objectively speaking, Gu Ying was very good looking, especially if one was meeting him for the first time. However his looks were deceiving as anyone looking at him would assume he had a pure, simple heart.

However, Jun Wu Xie, who knew all too well his true, violent nature, could not associate any kind characteristics with him.

Upon careful inspection, Jun Wu Xie realised Gu Ying and His Lord looked similar. The difference was the Gu Ying looked brasher and had more vigour while the Lord looked more elegant and understated. There were similarities between them but you had to look closely to see them.

But there was one big similarity between them.

And that was...

They were both perfect pretenders.

Both of them have managed to conceal just how cruel and greedy they were.

Jun Wu Xie could not help but think of Zi Jin, the sweet innocent girl who was bewitched by Gu Ying. It was only after many years that Jun Wu Xie found out that the girl who was always wearing a mask and died for her was Zi Jin.

Looking at Gu Ying, all Jun Wu Xie could think of was the terrible things he did in the Lower and Middle Realms. No matter how good looking he was, it was just the skin that a monster was wearing.

“As a subordinate, I just need to obey, and I don’t need to have any curiosity.” Jun Wu Xie responded carefully. She had not yet ascertained the relationship between Gu Ying and His Lord. At this time, maintaining stability was key.

Gu Ying chuckled softly, and his response to Jun Wu Xie’s glance seemed very funny.

“Looks like my father has found himself a good subordinate.” Gu Ying laughed disappointedly.

Gu Ying did not know how to respond to Jun Wu Xie’s statement and the two of them stood in silence in the hall until His Lord sent someone to fetch them for the banquet.

It was supposed to be a banquet but the atmosphere was very subdued. Chi Yan’s expression was unwavering, Gu Ying was quiet and obedient and Jun Wu Xie was never much of a talker. Only His Lord spoke from time to time.

The whole meal was devoid of taste.

After the banquet ended, the crowd dispersed, and Jun Wu Xie left the depressing hall and returned to her residence.

In the dark of night, Chi Yan stood in the huge hall and looked at the man who sat above him in the high position.

“My Lord, Yan Hai has not completely become a Knight of Destruction. Letting him go on this mission seems... inappropriate? Your subordinate is not questioning your decision, but ... your subordinate is a little worried, Yan Hai seems to be peaceful, but his temperament is explosive. He dealt with Long Yao without any warning, and earlier, when dealing with the 72 Cities and the Top Ten Exponents, he was extremely fierce. If he had his own designs, I am afraid that he would not be easy to control.” Chi Yan frowned, he could see that His Lord favoured Jun Wu Xie, but it made Chi Yan feel uneasy.

Jun Wu Xie’s temperament gave Chi Yan cause for worry, he felt that he was not as easy to control as Long Yao and the others.

His Lord sat with his chin in one hand, looking at Chi Yan who was kneeling in front of him. He lifted the corner of his mouth that was barely a smile that concealed his anger and asked Chi Yan casually, “What do you think of Yan Hai?”