Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3051 Forgotten history 3

The surrounding scenes have been shrouded in a layer of mist. Even Jun Wu Xie, whose strength had reached the Dual Spirit Ring, she could not see everything around her.

“Wu Yao?” Jun Wu Xie whispered softly, but her voice seemed to be completely swallowed by the mist, and received no response.

Jun Wu Xie could not feel anyone’s breath. The air around her seemed to have dropped a lot at this moment. She could still see the green mountains and green water in the mountain at the previous moment, but when she was really in it. She seemed to have crossed to another cold and deserted world.

In the mist, Jun Wu Xie felt a hint of warmth. She turned back subconsciously, thinking that she could see Jun Wu Yao. She didn’t expect that there was an ice blue flame that appeared beside her. The small ball of flame was about the size of her fist and it was suspended in the air and stayed by her side.

All of these made Jun Wu Xie feel unbelievable. In the time of doubt, a melodious singing voice suddenly reached Jun Wu Xie’s ears.

It was a woman’s voice. Although she did not know who the song came from, it was the best sound that Jun Wu Xie had heard in her life. She almost subconsciously walked along the source of the song and lingered around her. The small flame followed behind her.

In the mists of layers, the song became the only guide. Jun Wu Xie didn’t know how long she had been walking, only thinking that the humidity in the air was gradually increasing.

After a long time, the mist that stood in front of her finally dispersed slowly and the picture displayed in front of Jun Wu Xie made her instantly stunned.

It was a lake surrounded by blue forest. Under the sun, the clear lake shimmered with a little luster, as if the stars were falling in the water.

In the middle of the lake, there was a small patch of grassland that stood independently of the lake water. The soil beside the lake was completely isolated, just like the green of the lake. Above the green grass, there was a lush big tree with luxurious leaves, resembling a large green umbrella. The source of the singing came from a woman sitting under the tree.

It was an extremely beautiful woman with her long black hair sprawled on her shoulders and cascaded to the grass. She was wearing a light pink dress and her bare feet were dipped in the lake. She was holding a pink paper umbrella in her hand as she sang an intoxicating song.

In the midst of singing, the woman turned her head. She had a pair of golden eyes. She looked at Jun Wu Xie, who walked slowly to the lake with a smile. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The song came to an abrupt end at this moment, and the woman looked at Jun Wu Xie with a smile, and the beautiful voice sounded again.

“You came?”

Jun Wu Xie froze for a moment. She could be sure that she had never seen this woman, but the other party’s words seemed to tell her ... the woman had waited for her for a long time.

How was this possible?

“You guessed it, I was waiting for you.” The woman smiled and said, she held a paper umbrella in one hand and a skirt in one hand, and stood up from the grass. The corner of her skirt was wet by the lake There was no trace of embarrassment at all.

Those golden eyes gave a warm feeling.