Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3061 Battle Of The Gods 1

The sky and earth that was about to split open, there stood Jun Wu Yao in the void.

He was blinded by blood but Jun Wu Yao stood in the void, motionless, looking serene. He suddenly shouted, “Even the light of the fireflies dare to compete with Hao Yue!”

The next second, the dark spirit exited Jun Wu Yao’s body into the world. With barely any effort, it turned the sky a depressing grey and created huge waves that completely swallowed the bloody corpse.

Following that, the dark spirit transformed into vast blackness, as it contained the power to destroy the whole universe.

“Impossible....It’s impossible!”

Below, Chi Yan was rooted to the spot, staring blankly at what was happening. He could feel the aura of destruction around him and was trembling uncontrollably.

The adjacent Su Ruiying’s face was white as well, just like a corpse.

....

In the Seven World of Dreams, there were seven most powerful gods in the Three Realms trapped within. In the World of Dreams that no one knew about, these gods that had created everything were for eternity in that small place, unable to leave or talk to anyone.

From the time Jun Wu Xie met the first god, she continued meeting one after another in the World of Dreams. As time went by, she could feel her body getting warmer and stronger, gradually becoming very hot.

And throughout the process, Little Black was by Jun Wu Xie’s side and understood better than anyone that Jun Wu Xie was becoming stronger bit by bit with each passing moment, it was a change that could not be described in words.

The icy blue flame had been constantly following Jun Wu Xie and grew with every gift that she received from the gods. From the size of a little spark to half a body height at present. It surrounded Jun Wu Xie and she kept trying to find out its origins. However the flame was quite mysterious and didn’t burn her even when she touched it with her bare hands.

The flame did not go anywhere, it seemed to have its heart set, intent on following Jun Wu Xie.

When Jun Wu Xie reached the last level of the Seven World of Dreams, she had no idea how much time had passed. In the World of Dreams, time and space became very blurry and one could not feel the passage of time or even whether it was day or night.

On the seventh storey, Jun Wu Xie saw a man. His eyes were gold and he was seated on the grass with a small table in front of him. On the table was some tea and a soft, beautiful melody could be heard all around.

But when Jun Wu Xie saw the man’s face, she was stunned.

Little Black, who was on Jun Wu Xie’s shoulder, had its hackles raised and jumped onto the ground as it faced the golden eyed man in a defensive posture.

“Ah, why is the little cat so nervous? Are you guarding against me?” The golden eyed man looked at the defensive black cat. His beautiful lips curled into a slight smile and he lifted his golden eyes to look at Jun Wu Xie. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Now it was the man’s turn to be stunned. The smile on his face was frozen and he kept staring at Jun Wu Xie, unable to regain his composure.