Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3067 The Chaos Array 1

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao rushed back to Sacred City as fast as they could. They found the city deserted with nobody to be seen on the main street even though it was the middle of the day. An air of foreboding permeated the city.

Jun Wu Xie had a bad feeling in her heart.

“Go to the Holy Temple.” Jun Wu Yao said flatly.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly and the two set off towards the Holy Temple along the empty streets.

Outside the temple, guards in armour were already in formation, sealing off the entrance.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao glanced at each other and saw a look of steely determination in each other’s eyes.

In an instant, both their bodies disappeared and a storm appeared outside the temple!

...

Outside the temple, a frightening look could be seen in Jun Wu Xie’s beautiful eyes.

At this point, they were finally going to attack the temple.

Just when Jun Wu Yao was about to say something, the whole world seemed to be spinning. The sky and earth became blurry and lost its colour. A feeling of chaos and uneasiness shrouded his and Jun Wu Xie’s minds.

There was a strange and godlike power coming out in waves from the temple.

“The Chaos Array spell.”

In an instant, amidst the low murmur of the harmony of the world’s spirits, the inexplicable spell enveloped the whole universe.

At the same time, the temple disappeared and some kind of irresistible absorption was pulling Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao into a completely unknown space.

It seemed like a blink of an eye, but also felt like thousands of centuries had passed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After an unknown amount of time, Jun Wu Xie opened her eyes to take in her surroundings.

It was a valley entirely covered with grass.

“This is....”

Next to her, Jun Wu Yao had also regained his senses and was looking around with wild colours in his eyes.

They could not believe their eyes, or to put it another way, they should not have been there at all.

“It seems to be some sort of trapping formation.” Jun Wu Xie said.

“Trapping formation you say...” Jun Wu Yao said thoughtfully, immediately his Dark Spirit condensed, bursting forth like radiant sun rays, the breath of destruction, shaking the world, under the power of Jun Wu Yap, even the void seemed like it could be broken at any time.

“This?!”

After a long time, Jun Wu Yao’s expression changed. He should have been powerful enough to break the trapping formation but up till now it had not been the case.

“It’s Chaos....the original form of power and also the source of all other power.” Jun Wu Xie said.

Chaos was the source of all power and origin of all things. To try and overcome it with power alone was wishful thinking.

“You mean the God of Destruction has mastered Chaos Power?” Jun Wu Yao frowned, if the God of Destruction had indeed mastered it, what use would there be in fighting him?

Jun Wu Xie thought about this for a while and finally shook her head. “Chaos is formless and is the source of all power. It cannot be controlled by anyone. If the God of Destruction has mastered it, why would he go through such an elaborate plan instead of just killing us with it?”

Jun Wu Yao agreed with Jun Wu Xie’s assessment.

“In that case, as long as we follow the rules of engagement with this chaos spell, we should be able to escape it.” Jun Wu Yao was intelligent enough to figure that out.

......

Just as he thought of the plan, Jun Wu Yao’s expression changed. He was severely constricted and could only move within a small radius.

Jun Wu Xie was also quickly aware of the seriousness of the situation.

“This is the power of chaos? It really surpasses any other type of power in this world...” Jun Wu Yao said with a sigh.

He knew in his heart that if he wanted to break out, he only had to obey the rules, otherwise, it would only be counterproductive, and he would always be lost in chaos.