Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3102 Finale 1

I cannot lose!

Jun Wu Xie had a look of steely determination in her eyes and even when faced with the ever growing power of the God of Destruction, showed no signs of fear or retreat.

[Little Xie, you are not battling alone.]

A familiar voice suddenly emanated from her soul!

After a moment’s stunned silence, a figure appeared behind Jun Wu Xie. The figure had no warmth or sense of familiarity to it but somehow still gave her a sense of peace.

[You still have us fighting by your side.] The figure hugged her from the back and held her outstretched hands as if giving her a boost of power.

In the instant that their hands touched, blinding silver light came from all directions and went straight towards Jun Wu Xie’s body.

Each ball of light, by itself, held little power. But they were arriving in such huge numbers and being absorbed into Jun Wu Xie’s body one by one. With each ball of light, Jun Wu Xie could clearly feel her power levels growing!

[Gods exist because of faith. The ones whom you have protected are now protecting you in return.] Jun Wu Yao started to smile as the silhouette of his body started to blur as it melted into a giant ball of light that reconstituted itself into her body once again.

While this was happening, in the Lower Realms....

Countless crowds gathered together, Jun Xian, Jun Qing, Qu Lingyue, Lei Chen, Mo Qianyuan, Bai Yunxian ... Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

There are countless soldiers of the Ruilin Army and the Iron Blood Army.

At this moment with them all gathered together. There was a person among them with a bright halo all over his body – Tian Ze.

Tian Ze suddenly coughed up some blood and his body started convulsing. He started to speak but the voice that came out was that of Jun Wu Yao.

[Little Xie needs you, please send your faith to her.]

Those were Jun Wu Yao’s final words to the people.

Tian Ze had once used a drop of Jun Wu Yao’s blood and after Jun Wu Yao’s self explosion, that drop of blood had become a final conduit to his soul and he used that to convey his final wish.

Their faith....

Those words puzzled Jun Xian and the rest for a moment before they suddenly gained clarity.

They immediately mobilized everyone but did not know how to convey their faith. After a moment, they tried praying, praying for Jun Wu Xie’s victory. When little balls of light emerged from their heads and floated up to the skies, they finally understood.

This....

This was the power of faith that Jun Wu Yao spoke of.

And this power would carry their prayers and faith up to Jun Wu Xie.

The unification of the Lower Realms allowed everyone to be mobilised in such a short time, and was made easier due to the soldiers and fast horses of the Ruilin army.

Before long, all in the Lower Realms put down whatever they were doing and whether kneeling or standing, conveyed their sincere faith through prayers.

The power of an innumerable faiths combined, went up into the sky, pierced the clouds and went straight to the Upper Realm!