Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3103 Finale 2

Simultaneously, in the Sea Spirit City, Ye Gu and everyone else also felt Jun Wu Yao’s final wish. They knew what it implied and were heartbroken. But for now, they pushed their despair aside as the Night Regime, Ghost Army and everyone else in the city started to pray in order to send their faith above.

They were created by Jun Wu Yao and each had a piece of his soul in them. Their prayers carried more weight than others’ as they carried a piece of Jun Wu Yao’s godly power with it and affected all that surrounded them.

The Sea Spirit Beasts who lived in the Sea of Death, not far from the Sea Spirit City, also felt the danger that was upon them. In their own unique way, they let out their cries and soon balls of light emerged from the sea and started flying towards the direction of the Sacred City.

Ghost Realm, Soul Realm ... Countless forces of faith started to travel through space and fly up.

This was the power and faith of good.

And also their faith in life.

The God of Destruction’s attacks on Jun Wu Xie were becoming more intense. The power he was absorbing from his spell was the weapon in defeating her.

However.... DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Just at the moment that the God of Destruction thought he was going to send Jun Wu Xue to hell.

Flashes of warm light appeared in the sky and flew towards Jun Wu Xie’s body, being absorbed into it.

The flashes of light came from all directions and started raining onto Jun Wu Xie like a storm!

The God of Destruction’s eyes became as big as saucers as he watched the little balls of light get absorbed into Jun Wu Xie’s body and her divine power increased with every ball of light.

Her power, which was just a moment ago, being consumed by the God of Destruction now seemed to be threatening to overpower him!

“How is this possible! Jun Wu Xie, what the hell did you do!!!” The God of Destruction roared incredulously, unable to understand what was going on in front of him.

Jun Wu XIe was not from this world, no matter how powerful she was, she should not have been able to absorb power from this world!

But the God of Destruction’s belief was being destroyed in front of his very eyes!

How could that be?

How could Jun Wu Xie take in power from this world?

It was impossible!

However, the impossible was happening and Jun Wu Xie’s power was growing rapidly.

Those continuous balls of light were adding to her power and pushing her to new heights.

“I’ve done things that you, calling yourself a God, would never deign worthy to do!” Jun Wu Xie’s body was being filled with a warm and gentle power that was coming from all the people she had interacted with. It was all their help and support that would help her defeat the God of Destruction!