Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2044: Complicated Spirit Reinforcement (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie secretly took note and remembered all the runes distributed and as every brick had its corresponding sequence, she committed the sequence to memory as well.

The process involved in the construction of the Serene Spirit Tower was dull and dry and Jun Wu Xie carved out a total of thirty whole bricks. These blocks of stone were then stacked up onto the Serene Spirit Tower in sequence, carefully placed neatly bit by bit.

And after witnessing with her own eyes the construction of the Serene Spirit Tower, Jun Wu Xie finally understood why she had not been able to decipher what was going on with the runes on the inside and outside of the Serene Spirit Tower. Because a brick had a total of six sides and when Jun Wu Xie had stood inside the completed Serene Spirit Tower before, she had only been able to see two sides, with its four other sides completely covered by other bricks. All six sides of the bricks were carved with runes and the runes that had been hidden from sight had coincidentally made Jun Wu Xie felt them to be strange.

As the busy day wore on, the bricks accumulated when seen from the outside of the Serene Spirit Tower was starting to look rather impressive, and the human spirits responsible for the various stations took turns to rest.

Qiao Chu and the others took the opportunity when it was their turn to rest to come find Jun Wu Xie, asking her if she had discovered anything, but Jun Wu Xie merely told them that she was still not certain.

That round of infiltration had them going there for a whole fortnight. And in that half month, the immense number of human spirits finally completed carving all the bricks required for the construction of the Serene Spirit Tower. The Serene Spirit Tower was almost near to completion and the human spirits who had been recruited left after they collected a bronze badge. With that bronze badge, they would gain priority to enter the Serene Spirit Tower to practice cultivation in the future.

In that two weeks, Jiang Yun Long had not given up on capturing Jun Wu Xie, but it had still yielded him no result. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After they departed from the fourth Serene Spirit Tower, Jun Wu Xie and her companions immediately returned back to the houses they were residing in and throughout that period, Jun Wu Xie did not step out through her door, but had instead locked herself inside, to repeatedly write out all the runes she had committed to memory, using different sequences to conduct her deductions, deciphering the real meaning behind those runes.

Qiao Chu and the others did not dare to go disturb Jun Wu Xie during that period but just hid in their own houses to continue with their cultivation.

Jun Wu Xie constantly attempted to unravel the meaning behind all these foreign looking runes. She tested them time after time, and discovered quite a number of them was actually similar to her Spirit Reinforcement. But most of the rune combinations did not have any effects manifest and some spells that did not show any peculiarities instead held another kind of power within.

Power that lay hidden within the spirit!

Jun Wu Xie researched into it incessantly again and again, while Jun Wu Yao sat quietly on one side to watch her intently, like there were only the two of them in the world wide world.

“I should have thought of this much earlier! I should have realized it!” After writing out a lengthy bunch of Spirit Reinforcement runes, Jun Wu Xie’s eyes suddenly flared wide. At her feet, she had countless Spirit Reinforcement runes forming a circle around her. There was no wind in the room, but standing within the circle, Jun Wu Xie’s hair suddenly rose up in a flutter, her clothes seemingly billowing in the wind. She raised her head, and looked at Jun Wu Yao.

“Spirit Reinforcement not only imbues additional abilities. Its true use was created specifically for spirit bodies!” Jun Wu Xie finally understood why most of the Spirit Reinforcement spells could only be used on spirits as it was created just for spirits in the first place!

No wonder that devil in her past life had been so obsessed with them. No wonder the Serene Spirit Tower was filled with such runes. When the runes were combined together, they brought about completely unexpected effects, and they were targeted right at spirit bodies!