Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2047: Chaos in the Spirit World (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

“That’s right! There must be something in the Serene Spirit Tower that’s harmful to non human spirits. Who knows what kind of intentions Wu Jiu is hiding?” Another Beast Spirit piped in.

“That was the case for the three Serene Spirit Towers from before. Didn’t Wu Jiu already remind all the other spirit races to not unilaterally go close to the Serene Spirit Tower from a long time ago? He had not been completely vicious as he had at least told us of the danger then. Isn’t that right?” Obsessed with gaining strength, the black bear continued to persist.

“I heard that Wu Jiu had said that regardless of which spirit race the fourth Serene Spirit Tower goes to, he would be able to modify it to make it suitable place for that race to cultivate. It would then no longer cause us any harm wouldn’t it?”

“Just because he says it and you believe?” Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The entire canyon was filled with voices raised in heated debate and the Beast Spirits who wanted to gain more power argued vehemently with the more conservative faction. All those stinging loud roars reached the Flame Dragon’s ears which caused a sliver of impatience to gradually show in its eyes.

The Flame Dragon naturally knew of the advantages of Serene Spirit Tower but the kind of harm that the Serene Spirit Tower inflicted upon non human spirits made many others fear it.

“Alright, all of you shut up. In regards to this matter, I will invite the Spirit Master Wu Jiu, together with the leaders of the Plant Spirits and the Weapons Spirits to meet for a discussion. All this incessant quarrelling among all of you here is uncalled for!” The Flame Dragon stood up straight, its booming voice reaching the ears of every single Beast Spirit there. With both its gigantic body and immense power, they posed to be a fine weapon against any dissent. Under the Flame Dragon’s booming roar, the entire canyon fell silent in that instant. All the Beast Spirits immediately clamped their mouths shut nervously, not daring to say another word.

The same thing also happened at the place where the Weapons Spirits gathered.

The thing that was different from the Beast Spirits’ side was that the intelliogence of the Weapons Spirits had not fully developed. Though Weapon Spirits had lived through hundreds and thousands of years in the world, unless they possessed sufficient spiritual consciousness, they would still not be able to come into the Spirit World after they were destroyed. And for the entire period before they came into the Spirit World, they would only merely be weapons with spiritual consciousness, but not yet capable of independent thought.

Only the reactions of Plant Spirits were slightly calmer. The Plant Spirits number the least in the Spirit World and the personalities of Plants Spirits were all eccentric, who preferred quiet solace, seldom gathering together in a group. Hence when the issue regarding the rights of attribution of the fourth Serene Spirit Tower came about, the reaction from the Plant Spirits was slightly smaller, but were relatively similar to that of the other spirit races.

Because Plant Spirits number the least and they were unable to stand against the other spirit races through numbers, they focused a lot more on individual strength. Hence, the desire for the fourth Serene Spirit Tower was stronger.

Only about ten days had passed and the originally quiet and tranquil Spirit World suddenly became rather different. Between the various spirit races, things had actually been largely harmonious and seldom were instances of conflict seen in the streets downtown. But not long after the news about the fourth Serene Spirit Tower came out, numerous arguments occurred and even fists were raised in disgusting fights and scuffles throughout the Spirit World.

The various spirit races who originally only went against the human spirits unanimously were now opposing each other everywhere, fighting to win for themselves the right to use the fourth Serene Spirit Tower with conflicts between the different spirit races continuing to rise. From initially rejecting the human spirits to become on friendly terms now, it had only taken a blink.

All the spirits yearned for their own spirit race to win the right to use the fourth Serene Spirit Tower, in order for them to gain the chance to grow stronger.

The struggle and conflict gradually turned white hot, with chaos growing with more and more spirits getting into physical fights.