Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2090: Face Slapping of the Ecstatic Rapture Palm (17)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Quickly bring the Spiritual Bear away.” Wu Jiu said coldly. Several human spirits immediately wheeled the metal cage walking towards the back. Brownie who was imprisoned in that metal cage was charging against the solid cage continuously but the Soul Binding Chains had sealed its power of the spirit and mere brute strength was not going to be able to break out of those restraints!

“Roar!” Brownie had both its paws stretched out through the bars of the metal cage, the direction those paws were reaching out to was towards the weakened Nalan Shan who had fallen to the ground, whose half opened eyes had lost the light shining in them from before, reflecting the image of Brownie gradually becoming more distant in them.....

After Jun Wu Xie sliced up Jiang Yun Long, she immediately charged at Wu Jiu. Wu Jiu seemed to be prepared as power of the spirit flared out in a surge from his entire body, meeting Jun Wu Xie’s charge straight on with a great leap!

In the instant that the two of them engaged, the figure of Jun Wu Xie suddenly flashed!

Wu Jiu did not manage to pull his forward momentum back in time as he lurched forward a few steps, and in the instant that his feet landed, he immediately turned his head back to look at Jun Wu Xie.

He then saw, up there in the air, that the Selvan’s armour on Jun Wu Xie had suddenly sprouted a bunch of feathery silver wings!

Those wings were carrying her at an extremely fast speed, flying right past Wu Jiu and straight towards Brownie who was being gradually pulled away!

The human spirits who were pushing the metal cage to shift it away suddenly noticed Jun Wu Xie descending upon them from up in the air and they were so shocked their whole bodies trembled. They did everything they could as they attempted to push the metal cage further away, but their legs could not possibly compare to the speed of those silver wings!

At the moment that Jun Wu Xie was diving down in descent, the silver wings on her back suddenly blew up a hurricane, the powerful wind immediately blowing away all the human spirits around the metal cage!

‘Thunk!’

Jun Wu Xie’s feet landed on the top of the cage and the silver boots struck a clear ringing sound against the metal on the cage!

Several human spirits fell to the ground and they all looked up fearfully at the saintly silver figure standing atop the cage, the armour seeming giving out a glowing lustre naturally, making their hearts quiver, to not dare to go against her.

Jun Wu Xie struck the metal cage under her lightly with a foot and a series of deep quakes rocked through the entire metal cage. In an instant, the incredibly strong metal cage shattered with a loud crack, breaking at every inch as the pieces scattered all over the floor. Jun Wu Xie hovered in the air with her silver wings and in the instant that Brownie was freed of its restraints, Jun Wu Xie’s wings flapped!

Countless silver feathers shot out, a multitude of sharp blades, that struck unerringly as they broke off the Soul Binding Chains on Brownie’s body!

Brownie looked on in astonishment as the bonds on its body was being broken off bit by bit. It raised up its head in surprise, to look at Jun Wu Xie. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Jun Wu Xie raised a hand. A little awl and a piece of paper then fell from her hand where Brownie quickly caught them.

“Carve that out around Nalan Shan.” Jun Wu Xie said.

Brownie stared in shock at the piece of paper in its paws. The Spirit Reinforcement runes on the paper formed a circle. The circle of runes were not unfamiliar to Brownie as the return of its powers had been achieved with this!

“Alright!” Brownie immediately replied.

Seeing that, Jun Wu Xie did not tarry a moment longer but turned herself around to go charging towards Wu Jiu!

Brownie could not care less about the wounds on its own body as its four limbs carried it to sprint at a fiery speed towards Nalan Shan. It used its front paws to drag Nalan Shan to a slightly safer place as its two paws clumsily held the little awl that was smaller than one of its claws, trying its hardest to slowly carve out the Spirit Reinforcement Runes around Nalan Shan bit by bit, according to what was shown on the piece of paper.

“Don’t die..... I beg you, don’t die.....” As Brownie diligently carved out the runes, it pleaded in a rather choked voice. It really did not want anyone to die because of itself anymore.

Nalan Shan’s spirit was growing weaker and weaker, already almost transparent. He struggled to open his eyes, to look at Brownie’s tear streaked face, where he finally could no longer fight off the exhaustion and his eyes closed.