Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2110: Imprisonment (3)

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The situation could not be any worse. Jun Wu Xie ordered herself to calm down as if she were to lose her cool, then there would be no possibility of her being saved.

Wu Jiu had dared to tell her so much only because Wu Jiu firmly believed that Jun Wu Xie would not be able to escape for calamity this time but only Jun Wu Xie knew that she still have a sliver of a chance.

Because the little black cat was not at her side!

What Jun Wu Xie wanted to do at that moment was to ensure her own survival and that of her companions, to make sure they last till a certain someone came to rescue them.

Her heart calmed, Jun Wu Xie then regained her usual composed self. She still had one last move, one that Wu Jiu did not know about. Besides waiting for them to be rescued in the very close future, she still had another way to save herself.

Jun Wu Xie raised her hand up to touch the Face of Selvan worn on her earlobe and her eyes flashed with a sharp glint. The Face of Selvan did not require her to summon any of her own power to use it, and if it came to the point that she was left with no other choice, she would use the Face of Selvan to ensure she and her companions would live, and what she needed to do now was only to wait.

Having thought through the chips she held in her hands, Jun Wu Xie was not feeling that worried anymore.

What really concerned her was the Spirit Lord himself.

Based on what Poison Ivy said, the Spirit Lord reigned over the Spirit World he created, and was a benevolent and impartial man. Why had he changed so drastically in a mere hundred years?

Not only had he sided with and favoured the human spirits, he had even covered for Wu Jiu when he clearly knew that Wu Jiu was using the Spiritual Bear as a sacrifice. Not only that, he had also incarcerated Flame Dragon..... All these signs, made Jun Wu Xie think that things were really strange.

If Wu Jiu did not hold something that was just too irresistible to the Spirit Lord, that it would mean that the Spirit Lord must have been possessed for him to believe a person like Wu Jiu who held such voracious ambitions.

Jun Wu Xie thought things through quietly. Besides all of that, she suddenly thought of something.....

She could still remember, back when she had met Jun Wu Yao for the first time, Jun Wu Yao had been shackled up with countless chains. As it had been pitch dark then, Jun Wu Xie had not been able to see properly, and as she had been in such a wretched condition at that time, she had not given things all that much thought. But now as she looked at the Soul Binding Chains around her four limbs, she could not help but to close her eyes, searching through her mind when her heart suddenly jumped in shock!

The feel of these Soul Binding Chains, were almost exactly like those shackled around Jun Wu Yao back then, except a little thinner.

Soul Binding Chains were effective only on spirit bodies as only spirits would not be able to summon up their powers because of Soul Binding Chains. But why had those Soul Binding Chains that affected only spirit bodies been on Jun Wu Yao?

Could that mean.....

A strange thought formed up in Jun Wu Xie’s mind, but it was very quickly that she denied that very thought herself.

She had seen Jun Wu Yao’s blood, which had been blood red.

And spirit bodies would not bleed.

Feeling a little lost by her very own guess, Jun Wu Xie then shook that idea right out of her head. The crisis before her eyes had not yet been resolved and she should not think too much about other things.

Just as Jun Wu Xie was going to consider how she should deal with her current circumstances, a bout of clinking sounds, the dragging of chains against the stone floor suddenly rang out, and the source of that sound was coming from right in front of Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie immediately raised her head up, and her gaze was met with a pair of light grey eyes.

Locked in the cell opposite Jun Wu Xie, the child who had been unconscious earlier had already come awake. He was dragging the Soul Binding Chains shackled around him as he came to lean against the metal bars of the cell door, his face expressionless as he looked at Jun Wu Xie opposite him.

The little child leaned himself slightly forward, and it allowed Jun Wu Xie to be able to see him more clearly.