Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2112: Secret Within The Spirit World (2)

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Spirit World was created by the Spirit Lord, for no other reason but for the fact that the Spirit Lord was a spirit body himself, an eternal spirit. He longed to create a place that could provide shelter and protect spirits, and hence, he made the Spirit World.

The entire Spirit World was formed from his very own power of the spirit, where it could be said that the Spirit Lord’s power of the spirit surpassed that of any other spirit. Ever since he descended into this world, he had not possessed a flesh body but had always existed in a spirit state, where his might had never been doubted.

With the creation of the Spirit World, more and more spirits began to be selected to come into the place, where they would be like the Spirit Lord, to forever exist in the world as a spirit.

Just like what Nalan Shan and Poison Ivy had said before, the Spirit Lord treated every single one of the different races impartially, and in their eyes, as long as one was a spirit, there was no discrimination or differentiation in terms of hierarchy, where regardless of the race they were from, the Spirit Lord saw them all as equals.

In the vast Spirit World, the entire place was filled with mysterious and peculiar things, and all of that was built right upon the Spirit Lord’s power of the spirit.

But after over the span of hundreds of years, thousand of years, or even tens of thousands of years, the Spirit Lord’s power of the spirit was unknowingly being drained. For every day that the Spirit World existed, it was eating at the Spirit Lord’s powers, and all of that was not known by all the other spirits.

The Spirit Lord loved the entire Spirit World passionately. It was a home he had built single handedly, and he was not willing to destroy it, where he had then fought hard to maintain.

With the Dark Emperor’s appearance, the Middle Realm underwent a great round of changes, and the Spirit World was not spared from it. The Dark Emperor then paid a visit to the Spirit World, and although he did not embark upon a massacre, he still brought about great upheaval to the Spirit World. It was exactly because of that confrontation against the Dark Emperor that one time where it accelerated the drain upon the Spirit Lord’s power of the spirit, that began to affect his form and the way he looked.

At that time, the previous Spirit Master had blamed himself for not noticing that the Dark Emperor had appeared and he asked to be able to step down from his position as the Spirit Master. The Spirit Master had tried to dissuade him in any way he could, but the Spirit Master was unable to change his mind.

The Spirit Master then went into seclusion, where his First Disciple Wu Jiu then replaced him, to become the new Spirit Master.

Initially, everything went on as per the norm. Wu Jiu took over his Master’s responsibilities and position, obediently following everything the Spirit Lord decided, where he then went on to draw the human spirits together more cohesively.

And it was from that time that the Spirit Lord gradually observed Wu Jiu less and less, his mind slowly being set at ease.

And the Spirit Lord was finding it hard to deal with his depleting power of the spirit in that period where his body began to degenerate bit by bit from an adult man’s form, to become a youth, and then a child.....

Wu Jiu was the first person to notice the peculiarity, and it was a hundred years ago that Wu Jiu discovered that the Spirit Lord’s body was degenerating. He had been extremely worried and he then push up the suggestion to build the Serene Spirit Tower, only saying that he wanted to use the Serene Spirit Tower’s Spirit Fire to raise the powers of all the spirits, so that they would be able to share the load with the Spirit Lord.

Because of his trust he had in the Spirit Master, and together with his observation of Wu Jiu in the past close to a thousand years, the Spirit Lord did not think too deeply into it and allowed Wu Jiu to attempt to build the Serene Spirit Tower.

The Serene Spirit Tower built at that time was not the first Serene Spirit Tower that Jun Wu Xie and the others had seen but it was built in a place far and highly remote, where none of the spirit races resided in.

In the beginning, the Spirit Lord did not discover anything unusual. But on one particular day, when he went to pay a visit to the Serene Spirit Tower, real calamity then struck!

In that Serene Spirit Tower, he saw another one of himself, looking exactly like him; a “Spirit Lord” who held an equally matching amount of power. Detecting that something was not right, the Spirit Lord wanted to leave immediately, but was wounded by the other “Spirit Lord”, where he was then locked up in dark cell that did not see the light of day from that day ever since.