Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chapter 2169: Secret History of the Nine Temples (2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Su Jing Yan’s gaze started to tremble. He didn’t dare to look directly at the Dark Emperor, and that pair of purple eyes seemed to be able to see through everything.

“The Nine Temple Lords are people from the Upper Realm?” Jun Wu Xie asked curiously as these things have never been mentioned before.

Jun Wu Yao reached his arms out and pulled a chair to the side of Jun Wu Xie and sat down. He then casually crossed his legs, with one arm hung on the back of Jun Wu Xie’s chair, his fingers lazily twirled about her hair, and said in a carefree manner: “The people from the Upper Realm are comparable to the gods, but yet they are not true gods. It can be said that they are only one step away from the position of the gods, but this one step is still a clear and distinct line that forever separates them from the divine entity. They are not willing to resign to such a fate and because of this insane resolution, they want to make use of the Lower and Middle Realm and hence, they created the Blood Sacrifice Array in an attempt to break through this boundary. To complete this, just relying on the Upper Realm on its own would not suffice, so they picked nine people to enter the Middle Realm to pave the way for themselves. These nine people were exceptionally talented and had extraordinary wisdom and very soon, the forces of the Nine Temples were established.”

“The Twelve Palaces were established by the people of the Middle Realm. They wholeheartedly wanted to compete with the Nine Temples but these pitiful fools did not know that the minds of the Nine Temples had never been placed on this at all. As far as I know, the reason why the Upper Realm were willing to release these nine people because they had no other way out. When they had entered the Middle Realm, they had to take sterilization medicine. It can also be said that from the beginning, the Nine Temples were just mere tools for the Upper Realm to achieve their twisted goals. Just one thing that I am very surprised with is that the Nine Temples’ behaviour had been rather perfunctory of late, does it mean that a rebellious notion has blossomed within the Nine Temples against the Upper Realm?” Jun Wu Yao’s voice wasn’t very loud, but once it reached Su Jing Yan’s ears, his hair all stood on ends.

The Dark Emperor who once unified the Middle Realm was really not an ordinary person. In a few words, he managed to let Su Jing Yan lose his composure.

“Sterilization? But isn’t the Young Palace Lord of the Spirit Void Palace...” Jun Wu Xie was somewhat puzzled.

Jun Wu Yao laughed and said: “She is just but a foster daughter. The Nine Temples want to stabilize their power and would naturally not let others know their secrets. If they let their men know that they are a group of infertile pitiful creatures, who knows what kind of untoward thoughts may sprout.”

Not only the Spirit Void Palace, but the other Eight Lords of the Nine Temples also secretly adopted a lot of children, and when they were still babies, they were secretly brought into the Nine Temples and crowned with the titles of the sons and daughters of the Lords. But this has gone on for so many years and those children gradually grew up, and many of them even died of old age yet their fathers still remained healthy. The millennium did not leave any traces on them and the people in the Middle Realm grew suspicious on why the Nine Palace Lords did not pass on their immortality to their children. Now, Jun Wu Yao had uncovered the millenium year old truth.

Jun Wu Xie was enthralled as she listened to his magnetic voice uncovering bits and pieces of the secret history, but Su Jing Yan has long been stunned by Jun Wu Yao. His fearful eyes looked at Jun Wu Yao with trepidation.

“Elder Su, you have not answered my question yet.” Jun Wu Yao did not seem to notice the fear in Su Jing Yan’s eyes. The origin of the Nine Temples was extremely confidential. Even in the Nine Temples, there were only a handful of people who know it. Jun Wu Yao was sure that Su Jing Yan knows all this, otherwise why would he know that the people were sent by the Upper Realm?