Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2264: A period of years（7）

Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Still so tough eh! Such a lazy piece of trash, hurry up and get off that lazy ass!” That supervisor ferociously yelled as he walked over with his whip in hand. Totally ignoring the pleas of the youth, the whip in his hand continued to lash out at Uncle Liu. That youth was extremely frightened and scared, he could only lean down and hold tightly onto Uncle Liu protectively and beared the brunt of it. His pleas rang out continuously as he prayed that the supervisor would be merciful but his continuous pleas were eventually drowned out by the cruel whip cracks.

Outside the palace, the other labourers looked at all these unfold before them with cold gazes. They had long been smothered by the hellish days that passed by, their hearts had been repressed and numb to such scenes that were familiar to them. They watched on without doing anything as that supervisor continued to rain down lashes on them until they were rolling on the ground while groaning in pain. Even though they could not bear it, but no one dared to utter a single word. They were afraid that speaking out would throw them into a similar situation of torture.

Here, they did not have any human rights at all. The only thing that they could do was to follow the instructions of the supervisors and slog on day and night.

The young man from the Rui Lin Army frowned when he saw that that youth had been beaten up until his entire body was covered with wounds. His eyes surged with with anger as he clenched both his fists at the side and used all his effort to suppress the anger rising within. He wanted so much to lop off the neck of the supervisor but he still had his own mission to accomplish and he had no other choice but to ignore all of this.

If it was five years ago, the first thing he would do was to rush out and trample that supervisor onto the ground, but now...

In the midst of it all, a black shadow suddenly descended from the sky and the speed of that black shadow was extremely fast! Everyone around could not even see what that black shadow looked like at all.

All they could hear was a scream that sounded as if a pig had been slaughtered. The next thing they knew, the supervisor who was just whipping moments ago had been sent flying!

Outside the palace, there was a deathly silence. Everyone stood rooted to the ground, stunned, as they watched that supervisor fly out. He landed heavily onto the stone steps in front of the palace.

His head immediately smashed open as fresh blood and brains spilled all over the ground...

Everyone sucked in a breath of cold air immediately and after looking carefully, they realized that the black shadow that had suddenly appeared was actually a tall man dressed in a black light armour.

That man stood in the crowd as his pair of sharp eyes swept over them and wherever his eyes passed by, it was as if a cold freezing wind had passed by. Everyone was shocked in place!

“Who’s there! What audacity to come here and create trouble! Looking for death!” Several supervisors had finally snapped back from their stupor. When they saw that this man had actually dared to create a mess here, they immediately held up their whips and walked over!

That black robed man looked at the approaching supervisors coldly and suddenly snapped his fingers!

In an instant, more than a dozen men dressed similarly whizzed in. Before the supervisors could even react, the figure of those men had already flashed before them, not giving any a single chance to react.

With only a crisp sound of snapping, the heads of the supervisors were suddenly twisted off by those black robed men!

For a moment, the pungent smell of blood pervaded the entire palace. Under the scorching sun, a few geysers of blood sprayed out from the neck after the heads had been broken off!

Blood splashed all around, under the blazing sun, this was a frightening sight to behold. This gory scene scared all labourers and in an instant, those people seemed to have awoken from a nightmare as mournful screams resounded all throughout. The frightened labourers fled in all directions!

The soldiers who were guarding outside rushed in in the midst of the chaos as hundreds of them surrounded the black robed men!