Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2265: A period of years（8）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The soldier of the Rui Lin Army saw the bloody scene and stood rooted in place. He peered through the fleeing crowd and looked at that group of black robed men in light armour. His eyes suddenly widened.

During the past five years, although most of the Rui Lin Army had been sent to the Middle Realm, they had never stop their cultivation even while in the Middle Realm. Every half a year, they would replace a group of people and focus on cultivation. In five years, everyone in the Rui Lin Army had reached the Purple Spirit, some even had already started to advance into the Silver Spirit. It could be said that the current Rui Lin Army could compete with the elites of the Middle Realm.

However despite his strength, he could not even see through the ranks of those black robed men!

The strength of those men ... were actually all above the Purple Spirit?

What shocked him most, was the first person who appeared. The moment he had saw that person’s appearance, his entire person was shocked in place and his body could not stop trembling!

“Who are you people! How dare you come here and create havoc!” The guards frowned as they looked at the group of people who had suddenly appeared. They were all people who had came from the Upper Realm and had been sent to of the various palaces to keep track of the construction. Each and every one of them was a Gold Spirit and after coming to the Middle Realm, there was no one who could be their opponent, forcing the labourers who had no choice but to toil and suffer in silence.

The commander of the black robed men looked coldly at the arrogant guard. His gaze was chilly and without saying a word, he only nodded his head slightly to his other companions.

In the blink of an eye, without any warning, that group of black robed men suddenly rushed up towards the guards!

In an instant, blood splashed everywhere!

The soldier from the Rui Lin Army who stood close by, looked incredulously at the scene before him with widened eyes.

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of Gold Spirits had actually been annihilated by mere dozens of black robed men!!!

Moreover, the battle took only a short span of five minutes! Those guards did not even have the time to wail and they had already fallen to the ground lifelessly. Until the moment of death, they had not even fanthomed what had happened...

What an incredibly powerful force!

After annihilating hundreds of guards, the black robed men did not leave, but turned and walked into the half-built palace.

The labourers who fled in all directions saw those powerful guards who had been arrogant all this while. Never would have thought that they would have such a day, to be scared the face of death and be slaughtered so easily. They were also terribly scared and thought that they would also meet the same fate as them.

However, the black robed men did not seem to have any interest in them at all as they went into the palace.

The youth who had blocked the blows for Uncle Liu supported him up as he subconsciously went over to the young man.

“Big brother, who are these people?” That youth asked.

The soldier of the Rui Lin Army stared at the palace without blinking as his clenched fists trembled in excitement. His sharp gaze reflected great joy and surprise! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

If one looked closely, it was not hard to see that those black robed men did not use any spirit power in that battle. They emitted a strange black mist, but it was this very black mist that made the young man from the Rui Lin Army ecstatic!

After he returned to his senses from the huge shock, he was just about to go forward to enquire but the palace before him suddenly blew up just as he took a step forward!