Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2274: Rage (1)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

In the Heavenly Wolf Temple main hall, the atmosphere was extremely stifling. Seated on the throne was no longer the original Heavenly Wolf Temple Lord but a sturdy man that looked to be about thirty five years old. Although his age could not be considered old but the oppressive aura that he exuded made all the elders of the Heavenly Wolf Temple drenched in cold sweat. His expression was extremely gloomy, the angle that his thick brows had twisted into had revealed his utmost disappointment that he was feeling at that moment.

On both sides of the main hall, the elders of the Heavenly Wolf Temple were trembling as they stood rooted in place, not daring to even breathe out loud.

“Who can tell me, what is this all about?” The man with the sunken expression narrowed his eyes into a squint as he swept his astute gaze across all the elders, his sombre voice reverberated throughout the hall.

“Speak!” He hollered as he looked at them with a sullen gaze before he smashed his palm against the armrest angrily and it shattered into pieces as the fragments flew across the polished marble floor. As the shattered fragments landed on the hard marble floor, the tinkling sound echoed in the silent hall, making it sound especially piercing.

In the hall, all the elders who once enjoyed a high status in the Nine Temples were trembling as they all immediately went down on their knees and bowed in fear. Their bodies could not stop trembling.

Five years ago, at the battle at the Cloudy Brook Academy, Ba He and the thousand Gold Spirits that he led were completely annihilated at the summit of Mount Fu Yao. Yet the disciples of the Nine Temples had returned, initially they had thought that they could still shake off the queries of the Upper Realm but they did not expect that the people of the Upper Realm did not even ask them what had happened. Instead, they directly captured all the Nine Temple Lords and sent two powerful men who led a large number of Gold Spirits and completely took over the power of the Nine Temples. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

It was also from that time that the name of the Nine Temples had became an existence in name only and the Upper Realm had completely taken control from within. They were merely puppets and the various elders of the Nine Temples had been reduced to mere lackeys that were forced to do their bidding.

The man who was currently seated on the throne was one of the powerful men sent by the Upper Realm. His strength was tyrannical, even the Gold Spirits had to be extra respectful to him, what more of these elders who had not even stepped into the realm of the Gold Spirit?

Qiu Yun’s malicious gaze swept over the elders who remained silent out of fear. The dissatisfaction that he felt made his gaze even sharper.

“It’s really a bunch of waste! All you have to do is to find out the location of the Evil Regions but you can’t even find it. Why do I still need waste like you for!”

One hundred and eight palaces had been destroyed in three days and none of the Gold Spirits that were sent had actually made it back alive. All this had actually happened in the Middle Realm, if not for personally seeing the tragic remains of the Gold Spirits, Qiu Yun would never believe that in the weak Middle Realm, there were actually people who could contend against the Gold Spirits from the Upper Realm!

But yet the impossible had happened right in their faces. Not only had the one hundred and eight palaces had been destroyed, just a few days ago, that same force had started their assault on the various branches of the Nine Temples. In less than half a month, the number of casualties that they had suffered was a staggering number and what made Qiu Yun want to vomit blood was that none of the Gold Spirits could escape. It was as if their opponents could easily wring the neck off the Gold Spirits, not one had escaped their tragic fate. All of them had been wiped out, yet most of the original disciples of the Nine Temples had survived!

From the mouths of the disciples that had survived, the Nine Temples had inferred that the one who had carried out all this was very likely to be the ones who had once stirred up a tumultuous storm in the Middle Realm – the Dark Regions!