Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2275: Rage (2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The Dark Regions, that powerful organization that once left an indelible mark in the hearts of the people of the Middle Realm. That fiendish army that was led by the Dark Emperor, yet after the fall of the Dark Emperor, they had disappeared silently for a millennial years from people’s sight. When the Upper Realm had sent people to take over the Nine Temples and unify the entire Middle Realm, a purge was made in order to annihilate all the forces that might have rebellious thoughts, and the Dark Regions was one of them.

But no matter if it was the original members of the Nine Temples or the people sent by the Upper Realm, despite conducting a carpet search throughout the Middle Realm for more than half a year, they still could not find a trace of the Dark Regions. As for Qiu Yun and the other strong person, they had actually pegged the strength of the Dark Regions to a force which belonged to the Middle Realm and were not too concerned. In addition, the Dark Regions had disappeared for a thousand years hence they did not think too much of it as they threw away their attention to it at a side.

How would they have known that after a few years, the Dark Regions would make such a strong comeback!

And the moment they struck out, it had made them suffer such a detrimental loss!

The Upper Realm did not hesitate to send troops to the Middle Realm, in order to build the one hundred and eight palaces necessary for the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms. They had spent five years and after seeing the last few palaces and array were almost about to be completed, yet the result was that... the Night Regime had suddenly appeared at this time. Like a clap of thunder, Qiu Yun and the others were completely caught off guard!

One hundred and eight palaces were completely wiped out in three days. After five years of meticulous planning and preparation, all that was left in the end was only a pile of broken walls!

The Night Regime spent three days to completely destroy the results that the Upper Realm had spent five years on.

In such a situation, how could Qiu Yun sit still?

What was more vexing that made him want to vomit out more blood was that even after the destruction of one hundred and eight palaces, the Night Regime was still unsatisfied, and even began to start on the various divisions of the Nine Temples and each time, the Gold Spirits from the Upper Realm had been tragically slain with not one left alive!

Even if Qiu Yun was a fool, he had already seen that the series of actions of the Night Regime was clearly aimed at the Upper Realm. He never imagined that a force that was from such a barren land such as the Middle Realm had such a terrible force of destruction, and the continuous provocations of Night Regime was clearly slapping the face of the Upper Realm!

Facing Qiu Yun’s anger head on, the elders of the Heavenly Wolf Temple could only bow on the ground silently, quivering in fear.

The Upper Realm had no prior understanding of the Dark Regions or the Night Regime, so the initial actions of Qiu Yun and the others who did not put the Dark Regions in their eyes had already caused the anxiety of the elders of the Nine Temples. Today, the counterattack of the Night Regime was equivalent to telling everyone in the Middle Realm that...

The Dark Regions is back, the Night Regime is back!

No one knew more about the horror of the Dark Regions than the Nine Temples and how terrifying the Night Regime was.

“Master Qiu Yun...the place where the Dark Regions is located has been a mystery for the past thousand years. No one has ever stepped into the land of the Dark Regions. Only the people of the Dark Regions know its true location, it is...it is really not us. It’s not that we do not want to but we can’t trace the Dark Regions because the strength of the Night Regime is too strong. Even the Gold Spirits have no way against them. We really do not have the ability to track them...” A Heavenly Wolf Temple elder who was faced with the huge pressure said cautiously, full of apprehension. The moment the Night Regime appeared, Qiu Yun had ordered them to follow the Night Regime and find the location of the Dark Regions, but... the Night Regime that was capable of massacring Gold Spirits... how could the disciples of the Nine Temples even catch up with them?