Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2286: Return of the King (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie!

That was actually Jun Wu Xie!

Even in his dreams, Su Jing Yan did not even think that Jun Wu Xie would appear here in such a manner!

Back then when the Dark Emperor had been captured, Su Jing Yan had thought that Jun Wu Xie must have suffered devastatingly from their malicious scheme. Who would have thought.... That she was still alive...

Qiu Yun furrowed his brows as he looked at that stunning woman in the air. She was so beautiful that it even shocked Qiu Yun. Her outstanding features were exquisite and perfect, it was as if she was Heaven’s proudest piece of work. Not a bit of imperfection could be seen and as the wind blew her long black hair, against the contrast of the silver armour it was extremely alluring. That pair of cold eyes was like the bottomless cold lake, chilling to the extreme.

Such a captivating beauty yet so cold.

Qiu Yun finally regained his senses from her mesmerizing appearance but he did not neglect the powerful aura that she was exuding. Even if they were separated by a certain distance, but the aura she exuded was like a wall of wind that could not be seen.

Qiu Yun naturally knew of his strength amongst the powers of the Upper Realm, second only to the Top Ten Experts but yet before Jun Wu Xie had struck out, he already felt that it was as if there was a huge stone pressing down on his chest. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

That overwhelming sense of oppression vividly reminded him of someone from the Upper Realm.

However, as soon as this thought emerged, it was immediately swept out of his mind.

She was only a woman from the lesser realm! How could she be compared to the likes of that person?

“Who are you?!” Qiu Yun took in a deep breath as he forcibly suppressed the uneasiness in his heart. The sudden appearance of this woman had given him an ominous premonition.

Jun Wu Xie stood in the wind and looked down at the crowd beneath her. Her flawless face seemed to have been encased in a layer of ice and froze off all the emotions. She did not say anything and only looked coldly at Qiu Yun who looked extremely ill at ease. That gaze of hers was as if she was looking at a dead person.

Ye Sha and his men immediately dismounted their horses as they uniformly got down on one knee and showed their utmost respect to Jun Wu Xie.

“Your subordinate greets Young Miss.”

“Young Miss? What Young Miss? Who are you exactly! Are you also from the Dark Regions?” Qiu Yun was startled from the manner of interaction between the Night Regime and Jun Wu Xie. From the attitude that they had portrayed, it could be seen that the status of Jun Wu Xie in the Dark Regions was not low.

This woman, what was her relationship with Jun Wu Yao?

The anxiety in Qiu Yun’s heart was getting stronger and stronger.

Su Jing Yan looked at everything that unfolded before him in bewilderment. At that time when he had realized the relationship between Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao, he knew that Jun Wu Xie would have some contact with the Night Regime. However at that time, the feeling that she had given him was completely different from today. That immense power that reigned above everything was apparent, she did not even need to do anything and he could already feel that oppressive pressure. It was not visible to the eyes but it made everyone’s breathing erratic and slow.

In such a situation, he had only felt it from Jun Wu Yao and not even Qiu Yun or Nangong Lie gave him such a feeling.

Was this really that same desolate girl?

Su Jing Yan even suspected that if not for her appearance that didn’t change much, he would have thought that he had recognized the wrong person.

Over the past five years, what had happened to Jun Wu Xie?

How could she have changed so much?