Chapter 2318: Washing the Nine Temples with Blood (5)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

No one was even able to estimate how terrible the power of the Night Regime was. Even the elders of the Nine Temples had been shocked by the fighting prowess of the Night Regime.

At that time when the Dark Emperor unified the Middle Realm, the Night Regime was rarely activated. Just based on Jun Wu Yao alone, he had completely suppressed all the forces in the Middle Realm. Hence, no one could be sure how powerful the Night Regime really was. After the Dark Emperor had “fallen”, the Dark Regions and the Night Regime also disappeared for a long time. Only those who had crossed them in battle knew the truth but....no one survived to tell the tale. It could also be said that for those who had personally witnessed the strength of the Night Regime, the grass on their graves had already grown to be taller a person.

This time, it could be said that it was the very first time that the Night Regime had revealed their true prowess in front of others and this had left everyone stunned and flustered.

Within an hour, eighty thousand Gold Spirits had perished. What’s more, they had died so silently and on the bloody battlefield, the Nine Temples disciples who had survived could not even find a single body of any members of the Night Regime. Even if members of the Night Regime were killed in battle, their bodies were taken away by their companions and this made it impossible to estimate the loss of the Night Regime. Instead, this only further deepened the fear in their hearts.

Everyone had the same thought at this moment.

Eight temples out of the Nine Temples had been wiped out and... They were the only one who remained!

An invisible murderous aura seemed to have enveloped and gripped each and every one of their hearts tightly and silently as nervousness crept in without their control. They could not help but feel that their entire body’s hair stood on end as their gazes immediately changed and became extremely wary.

The colour of Nangong Lie’s face had already turned to a shade of blue after receiving the bad news one after another. Initially, he thought that Jun Wu Xie would use some schemes to achieve the promise of her claim to wash the Nine Temples with blood but never did he expect that her method was simple and crude, and yet it worked well.

It was only until now that Nangong Lie really realized that be it the Night Regime or Jun Wu Xie, they were much stronger than they had initially thought.

Under absolute strength, why do you still need any plots and intrigue?

A simple and direct method, an outright death that shocked everyone’s heart.

Nangong Lie was almost certain that Jun Wu Xie had eradicated the other eight temples and it was not a coincidence that she had done it in that order. She should have known for a long time that he and the main force sent by the Upper Realm were here in the Spirit Void Temple. She had annihilated all the eight other temples with lightning speed and this would become a huge stone in the hearts of all the people in the Spirit Void Temple.

As a result, even before Jun Wu Xie and the Night Regime had yet to arrive, the people of the Spirit Void Temple had already let fear and panic take hold of their hearts and they were in an extremely unfavourable situation.

They couldn’t go on like this!

Nangong Lie’s brows were tightly knitted as he looked at several elites from the Upper Realm whose faces had already turned pale. His heart had vaguely guessed the intention of Jun Wu Xie but he could only suppress the shock in his heart as he strived to maintain the calmness on the surface as he said in a rigid tone : “All of you had better calm down, a strong enemy has appeared, this isn’t the time to be like this.”

Nangong Lie’s voice was not loud, but it was transmitted to everyone’s ears with his voice that was imbued with spiritual qi, but it was like a wave of calm that swept by them and those that had started to despair had gradually calmed down.

“Master Nangong is right, the opponent has not appeared, yet here we are scaring ourselves, isn’t it stupid!” Someone immediately agreed.