Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2319: Washing the Nine Temples with Blood (6)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Although everyone was calm on the surface, but the seed of fear had already sprouted in their hearts. Despite their attempt to act calm, their eyes betrayed them as the trepidation that they felt could not be concealed.

Only the Spirit Void Temple was left.... Did this not mean that Jun Wu Xie and the Night Regime would be coming here very soon?

A depressing thought flashed by all their minds as they all thought about the impending danger that would soon reach their doors.

All those who hailed from the Upper Realm would never have thought that in such a desolate place, they would actually meet someone so horrifying. To be able to annihilate eighty thousand Gold Spirits and even they themselves who were considered elites in the Upper Realm were feeling apprehensive at this moment.

Facing such a situation, each and every second seemed to feel extremely long.

Nangong Lie’s face was ugly to the extreme but he couldn’t continue on this way.

“Convey my orders, everyone is to gather and prepare to welcome our enemies! Kill those who try to escape!” He hollered out.

Everyone in the hall snapped back to their senses and Da Han turned his head to look just as he took a step out of the door, he suddenly felt a strong tyrannical force pull him back into the hall. He then felt himself fall heavily onto the hard marble floor and when he landed, the floor cracked like a spider web.

The huge impact thundered across the vast hall and everyone had their eyes wide open in shock as they could not help but turn to look in the direction of the entrance.

All they saw was a peerless beauty with a cold expression step into the hall. They did not know when had a trail of blood followed her and beneath where she stood, a river of blood was already flowing. The floor was like a red carpet and that garish scene had shocked everyone.

The guards who had guarded the temple had fallen to the ground and they did not even realize what had happened before they died. They fell into the pool of blood as their shock was frozen on their faces.

Everyone in the hall sucked in a cold breath at once as they looked incredulously at the woman who just stepped in. They could not believe that all of this had just happened in front of them as they looked at her with immense fear and as they saw her approach step by step, it was as if she was the Goddess of Death.

Jun Wu Xie walked in unhurriedly as her white skirt that was stained with blood soaked up the blood and in an ombre tone, it gradually went up the dress and it looked as if there were crimson flowers blossoming.

The sudden rush of the stench of fresh blood smothered them and their breaths became uneasy. All they could do was to widen their eyes in horror and watch their greatest nightmare approach.

On the highest point, Nangong Lie sat there stunned as he saw the woman who stepped into the hall. Although she had entered the hall in such a straightforward manner, he could not even sense her breath, she was just like a ghost and no one could feel her presence.

At one glance, Nangong Lie had already guessed the identity of the woman. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Jun Wu Xie?” His breathing could not help but slowed down by quite a bit.

She walked into the hall calmly as her cold gaze swept by. Wherever her gaze landed, those people in her line of sight held their breaths. Although she was obviously such a breathtaking beauty, but she harnessed the breath of death and such a beauty would also incite fear.

“This... is the last place.” Jun Wu Xie said in a faint voice but the words spoken by her had creeped everyone out.

The last place?

What she meant was to wash the Nine Temples with blood!

Da Han who had crumbled into a sorry heap on the ground only managed to get up after a while. He wanted to stand up but just as he tried, the intense pain caused him to crash back down once again.