Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2327: Washing the Nine Temples with Blood (14)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

A person at the top could be defeated, but could not fear. For once the seeds of fear take root in their hearts, they would become the shackles that bind their hands and feet for a lifetime and they would no longer be able to pick up their swords in front of their opponents.

Destroying the spirit of a strong man was worse than destroying his flesh.

After saying this, Jun Wu Xie no longer looked at Nangong Lie. She swept her gaze away and landed on to those elders of the Nine Temples who were meekly standing to one side quivering in fear without daring to even utter a single sound out. Her cold gaze looked over but no one dared to meet her gaze. The elders all lowered their heads timidly, portraying a humble posture.

Jun Wu Xie did not strike at them from the beginning to the end. This could be the last shred of mercy in her heart, a silent gesture to return that favour of that year for how all those disciples of the Nine Temples had done at the Cloudy Brook Academy. When they stood by and did nothing then, for Jun Wu Xie, it was already a form of help. Regardless of whether the Nine Temples did it for their own selfish reasons or whatsoever reasons, this favour was remembered by her.

As long as the Nine Temples were not seeking their own deaths, Jun Wu Xie would not make things difficult for them.

“Let’s go.” Jun Wu Xie swept her gaze over the entire hall that had been dyed a startling red before she turned and left.

Washing the Nine Temples with Blood, this startling proclamation came true and other than the injured Nangong Lie with his broken arm, all the other people from the Upper Realm had been completely massacred. Those disciples of the Nine Temples who took sides with the Upper Realm were also sent to hell.

Even after Jun Wu Xie had walked out of the hall, many elders of the Nine Temples still had a lingering fear in their hearts. At this moment, they felt very fortunate and thankful to have listened to Su Jing Yan’s words.

Jun Wu Xie was extremely powerful and cold. But under this cold facade, it hid away this tiny thread of humanity that was not easily noticed by other people. She killed only those related to her blood debt that she had swore revenge on. She only aimed her sword at her own enemies and never hurt anyone who was innocent. As long as they did not take the initiative to provoke and be enemies with her, they would forever be safe. Even if they stood in the gray area, as long as their minds weren’t bad, they would be safe.

The elders of the Nine Temples could not help but think of the Dark Emperor who unified the Middle Realm in the past when they thought of this point. The Dark Emperor then was also the same. He may seem powerful and overbearing, but he never took killing people as a pastime. This itself was a huge difference, like the sky and the earth. He was not at all like the people from the Upper Realm who had no humanity at all.

Su Jing Yan looked at Jun Wu Xie. Each time he saw her, he would be shocked by her startling growth. The former lass had already grown into a person so powerful that no one could not even imagine.

“Elder Su, as for Nangong Lie...” An elder of the Spirit Void Temple cautiously looked at Nangong Lie who was leaning on the wall with his head lowered. His words trailed off but he seemed to be seeking Su Jing Yan’s advise on how Nangong Lie was to be handled.

Su Jing Yan sighed. To be honest, Nangong Lie was considered rather kind when compared to the many people from the Upper Realm. Although he was the leader of those abhorrent people from the Upper Realm, he did not make any excessive requests nor did he act arbitrarily. As for those heinous sins committed by the Upper Realm, a large part were committed by Qiu Yun and those who had died in the hall.

Nangong Lie was only a high-ranking superior and could not be considered to be abhorrent like the rest of them, but it was not enough to let them have any compassion.

“Forget it, since Miss Jun has decided to let him go, we can’t leave him alone and not care.” Su Jing Yan reluctantly stepped forward. This person was a person that Jun Wu Xie had specifically said to keep alive and he could not leave him alone to die. Or else, who would relay Jun Wu Xie’s words to the Upper Realm? Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

However, when Su Jing Yan walked to the front of Nangong Lie and saw the dimmed and vacant eyes of Nangong Lie, his heart was extremely shocked.