Chapter 2328: Soul Bone (1)

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The self-confidence and vigor that Nangong Lie once possessed in his eyes had completely disappeared. At this time, Nangong Lie was like someone who had lost it all, even all his ambitions and resembled a waste.

Su Jing Yan had to sigh at the wisdom of Jun Wu Xie, looking at the current situation of Nangong Lie, it looked like in this life, it was impossible for him to have any courage to face her once again as an enemy. The fear she brought him would always follow him, it was so deep that it was even possible to sway others from the Upper Realm after they saw him in such a condition.

Was this another step in the game she had set up?

Su Jing Yan was not sure.

Outside the main hall, corpses were splayed everywhere with pools of fresh blood all around. Jun Wu Xie had stepped out of the temple but did not leave immediately. Instead, she walked to the side just outside the main hall and stepped into a room adjacent to it. Bai Xu who was sitting in the wheelchair had already seen everything that had happened through a small hole and was clear about everything that happened in the temple.

When Bai Xu saw Jun Wu Xie enter, he let out a sigh at the same time.

After seeing Jun Wu Xie step in, there was no need to mention how brilliant the expressions of Qiao Chu and the others who were in the same room were at this moment. At the previous battle where she had killed Qiu Yun, they were blocked at the city gates and had no idea what had ensued in the city. When they broke through the gates, the battle in the city was already over. They were greeted with only the corpses that littered the ground and the river of blood that soaked deep into the soil.

However, when they saw what had happened through that small hole just now, they saw the true strength of Jun Wu Xie and they realized that her growth had already exceeded all of their expectations.

Strong!

Other than this word, they could not think any other word at this moment to describe Jun Wu Xie.

“Little Xie... You are really......awesome .” Qiao Chu stared at Jun Wu Xie with sparkly eyes, as if he just saw another Jun Wu Yao. Back then, the power of Jun Wu Yao had already rendered Qiao Chu’s worship and awe. Now, as far as Qiao Chu was concerned, he was entranced by the strength that Jun Wu Xie possessed.

Jun Wu Xie’s expression froze awkwardly for a moment, in the face of her companion’s praise, she did not know how to react.

She has been cultivating for many years, and did not waver and focused wholeheartedly on what she worked so hard to strive for. So she did not feel that attaining such a power was something worthy of pride, it was just a necessity.

Instead, her silence made the smile on Fei Yan and the others fade away. What had they been working so hard for over the past five years? In those five years, Jun Wu Xie had attained such strength and how much did she have to pay to achieve such a level? They didn’t dare to think about it. The past five years, the reason that kept pushing Jun Wu Xie to become stronger... their hearts winced when they thought about it.....

Should they feel proud?

Perhaps, they were truly proud of the growth of Little Xie, but they also felt a prickling pain in their hearts.

If she was safe and unconcerned, why should she push herself to this point? The more powerful she became, the more she confirmed the immense pressure she had been carrying all by herself for five whole years.

“Master Bai Xu, have you decided?” Jun Wu Xie didn’t know how to face the complicated gazes of her companions and could only turn her attention to Bai Xu to seek his intention after witnessing everything.

The reason why she wanted to deal with Nangong Lie alone was to let Bai Xu see that her current strength was enough to confront the Upper Realm. Only this way would Bai Xu be assured of giving the soul bone to her.

Bai Xu looked at Jun Wu Xie, as if to find the traces of that youth from back then, but he could not find anything. After he sighed, he relented as he said: “Your growth has left me shocked. I promise you, I will pass the soul bone to you but... you must promise me one thing.”