Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2355: The Upper Realm (5)

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

If it wasn’t for the servant who had seen it with her own eyes, who would have ever thought that there was such horrible appearance hidden under Luo Qingcheng’s stunning face.

Luo Qingcheng suddenly noticed the sight the servant put on her, she quickly raised her hand and covered it on her face. A sinister glare came out from her pair of eyes and swept across the tactless servant.

The servant was so scared that she straightaway bumped her knees on the ground and knelt down. Lowering her head, her whole body was shaking in terror.

“Guard, drag her out.” A gloomy and cold voice was heard coming from Luo Qingcheng’s mouth.

A few guards whizzed into the living hall and forcefully dragged the servant out regardless of her crying for mercy.

Luo Qingcheng walked hurriedly back into her room with a shady and dark face. She sat in front of a bronze mirror and let the hand covering on one side of her face down, not realising when was there a bloody of dark red on her palm. The woman reflected on the bronze mirror was just like a combination of an angel and a demon. The half side of her face was peerlessly gorgeous, whereas for the other half, it was badly mutilated like it was bitten by the wolves...

Luo Qingcheng looked at herself in the mirror for a very long time while the usual cool gaze in her eyes turned into craziness at the moment.

The more beautiful a woman was, the more attention she will put on her appearance, so was Luo Qingcheng. Though she was gifted with high level of spirit energy, she still cherished her face very much. Again, was there any woman who wouldn’t wish herself to be as pretty as a flower?

All of a sudden, Luo Qingcheng grasped a gold hairpin on the table and smashed it into the bronze mirror! The end of the gold hairpin went firmly into the mirror, causing the originally smooth mirror to be distorted. Because of this, the image of Luo Qingcheng in the bronze mirror too, became even more twisted.

While gasping heavily, Luo Qingcheng pressed both her fists hard on the dressing table.

Five years! She had been living like a zombie for the whole five years!

No one would have known, that during that time, the small injury caused by Jun Wu Xie on her would contain such strong toxicity. If Luo Qingcheng wasn’t powerful enough, it won’t be so simple that only half of her face was devastated!

Even though the strong spirit energy of hers was able to sustain it, Luo Qingcheng’s injury on her face was getting worse and worse. The beauty once she owned had been replaced by ugliness. No matter how many highly skilled doctors in the Upper Realm were sent to her by her Master, nobody was able to cure the poison in her body. All she could do was just to let the poison stayed in her body and let her face covered with these gross flesh.

“Jun Wu Xie! I want you die! I want you to suffer a life worse than death!” Gnashing her teeth, Luo Qingcheng stared at herself in the bronze mirror and spat the sentences out venomously word by word.

Even her dream wouldn’t tell her, that the battle happened five years ago would bring her so much damage. Jun Wu Xie’s poison was like a curse, following her like a shadow wherever she went.

Luo Qingcheng forced back her anger and took out a small case of snow cream from the drawer under the dressing table using her trembling fingers. It was just a really small case of snow cream, but it had now become something that was indispensable to Luo Qingcheng. She applied the snow cream on her hideous face bit by bit with her eyes wide opened. Since the thick-layered cream had the exact same colour with her skin, it was able to hide the nastiness on her face that was able to make one vomit.

Even Luo Qingcheng was so disgusted by herself!

The amount of vanity and pride she gained in the past due to her face, that was how much the shame she had been receiving for today!

She will kill Jun Wu Xie! She must kill Jun Wu Xie! She wanted Jun Wu Xie to experience the most suffering torture in the world and let her die in despair and pain!

Until all the scars on her face was fully covered, Luo Qingcheng finally stopped.