Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2376: Thrilling Moment (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

As the day of the big battle drew closer, Qiao Chu and the others maintained close contact with the Lower Realm and consolidated all the news they received over the six days and let Jun Wu Xie have a look through after she had completed a round of treatment. Each session took six days and when she returned, she could have a better understanding of the situation of the Lower Realm as well as the forces of the Upper Realm.

And after she reviewed everything, she would make the necessary response and prepared a variety of battle strategies and would write them all out in detail and send it back to the Lower Realm.

Over the last one and a half month, the number of souls that poured into the Spirit World had multiplied and the cultivation method with the basis of Spirit Reinforcement that had been developed by Jun Wu Xie had managed to come into fruition as it was utilized in the most perfect way.

Everyone was fighting for time and would not let go of a single second that ticked by.

Finally, the tenth round of treatment of Jun Wu Xie was over and everything went smoothly. This made Qin Song and Long Jiu feel greatly relieved.

Just when they were prepared to leave the Spirit World and return to the Lower Realm for the final preparations, an accident suddenly occurred!

( .c om ) After the end of the treatment, Jun Wu Xie returned to her room when she suddenly fainted! What’s more, the state of her soul suddenly became extremely unstable and her figure started to weaken at an alarming rate. This sudden incident startled all the souls, even Qiao Chu and gang had been frightened silly by her condition.

All the souls from the Lower Realm gathered outside Jun Wu Xie’s room in an instant, and the dense mass of souls blocked the vast residence!

The moment Qin Song and Long Jiu heard the news, they were extremely anxious and rushed over. Situ Heng also followed them. They squeezed into the room and when they saw the frail and weak Jun Wu Xie lying in bed, their faces turned pale.

“What... what happened?” Long Jiu was stunned silly in place as he looked incredulously at Jun Wu Xie. With his strength, he could clearly feel that the soul power of Jun Wu Xie was flowing out of her body at an alarming speed. Such a situation was definitely not a good thing, it was as if her soul was about to disappear! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Qin Song’s expression became extremely ugly. He quickly walked to her side and reached out to check on her. What he discovered made his entire soul quake in shock!

Jun Wu Xie’s soul was extremely weak, so weak that it seemed that it would slip away from his hand the very next moment. Suddenly, for no rhyme or reason, Qin Song felt as if an invisible hand had reached deep into his soul and would not let go. A fear that he had never felt before clutched his heart tightly at this moment!

How could this be...

Just a few hours ago, Jun Wu Xie had just ended the last round of treatment. When she left the underground palace, they were all still there. At that time, the situation of Jun Wu Xie was very stable and they were all very pleased with the effect the treatment had on her.

According to reason, under such circumstances, it was absolutely impossible for her condition to suddenly decline to such an extent.

How did her soul suddenly become so weak merely a few hours later? !

Even a calm person like Qin Song could no longer maintain his usual calmness.

Qiao Chu and the others who stood anxiously by the side were all fraught with worry. When they noticed that there was something wrong with Jun Wu Xie, they had sent the message with the fastest speed to the Lower Realm.

“What the hell is going on? How could she suddenly become so weak?” Qin Song frowned and looked at Qiao Chu and the others.

Qiao Chu and the rest had already been shocked out of their wits, it was as if their very own souls had flown away. They had been waiting for five years and they finally managed to be reunited. Who would have thought that such a thing would suddenly happen?

( .c om ) Qiao Chu tried to speak a few times, but under the huge oppression of fear, he could not even say anything.