Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chapter 2379: Thrilling Moment (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The eyebrows of the Spirit Lord were drawn together in a deep frown. He didn’t know what to say. It seemed like his mind was being disturbed by the unforeseen circumstance that had suddenly occurred.

However, Situ Heng didn’t plan to let the Spirit Lord off easily.

“I don’t care how important Jun Wu Xie is to the Lower Realm, but there’s the seed of the Spirit Tree in her body. If it’s because of your reckless behaviour that gets her soul to be ripped apart, then how are we going to take back the seed? How are we going to explain to the Spirit Tree!”

The phrase “rip apart” was just like a crash of thunder, striking on the heart of everyone who was at the scene.

After they heard the phrase, all their faces took on an extremely terrible expression!

That’s right, just keep going on like this...

Situ Heng secretly observed everyone’s expression with his eyes, knowing the things he did had already been enough.

There was no doubt that Jun Wu Xie was going to die, but it would be so boring if he just let her simply die like that. Despite that, Situ Heng was more worried about the cooperation between the Lower Realm and the Spirit World. He didn’t know where did the Spirit World learn a unique type of cultivation method from, causing the spirits to be able to greatly enhance their powers in a short time. Though the method used wasn’t comparable to the effect of the forcible cultivation used by Jun Wu Xie, the result was still very amazing.

If the Lower Realm and the Spirit World continued to cooperate with each other, nobody would know how was the Lower Realm going to be in the future.

Whoever else wanted to make an enemy of the Upper Realm would definitely be destroyed. And now, Situ Heng was controlling the death of Jun Wu Xie, trying to push the conflicts between the Lower Realm and the Spirit World to the limit.

Everything that had been happening today was readily planned and designed by Situ Heng. He knew about the reverence of the people in the Lower Realm towards Jun Wu Xie. He believed that if he could set the Spirit Lord up using the death of Jun Wu Xie, the cooperation between both the parties would be unable to maintain.

Whether or not the Spirit Lord was willing to let all of these happen, he was still the one who was responsible for the case.

Even if the Spirit Lord tried to defend himself, everything he said would be inexcusable!

Once the Soul Devourer began to show its effect, it wouldn’t leave any trail or mark!

A vicious and cold glint flashed across Situ Heng’s eyes. By looking at the atmosphere which was heating up slowly in the room, he knew that the outcome he wanted was going to happen. Without anyone noticing, he moved his sight at Jun Wu Xie whose spirit was weakly lying on the bed.

The moment the spirit of Jun Wu Xie was torn apart, it was also the moment the connection between the Lower Realm and the Spirit Lord broke.

In this intense situation, no one had ever noticed that the six ring spirits of Jun Wu Xie were, strangely, standing calmly at the corner. There wasn’t any sadness and pain on their faces. They way they acted didn’t look like their Mistress was going to be dead at all. They just watched all the things that happened in the room with a normal expression in their eyes. The only thing different was that there were traces of confusion appearing in the bottom of their eyes.

“Little Flower, they...” Little Lotus was carried by Corpse Flower in his arms. Seeing that the Spirit Lord was pressed on step by step by Situ Heng, he couldn’t help but broke into a cold sweat. Subconsciously, he looked at Blood Velvet who was standing aside, seemingly to say something.

However, Blood Velvet only shook his head, stopping Little Lotus from asking questions.

Even Poison Ivy and Poppy gave a look to Little Lotus, asking him to calm down and wait for a moment. The responses from his partners had caused Little Lotus to be at a loss, not knowing what to do while looking at everyone in the room with his pair of big eyes.

Though Little Lotus shut his mouth up, the confusion in his eyes had still not disappeared.

Why would Situ Heng go against their Spirit Lord to this point?

Mistress was clearly...