Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2410: Enemies meet (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Ever since the Upper Realm entered the Lower Realm, they had not even seen a single person. For an entire half a month, they were constantly attacked by mutated behemoths along the way, which really caused them to suffer. The number of casualties of the army had broken through ten thousand, although compared with the huge size of their five hundred thousand strong army, it didn’t amount to much, but the constant harassment had prevented them from resting properly and had taken a toll on them.

Perhaps because of the constant battles that ensued during this period of time, the discomfort for being in the Lower Realm happened much earlier than expected. What should have happened only if they stayed here for over a month had already started. Some Gold Spirits had started showing signs of being affected by the environment, although the symptoms were still very slight, but when this situation appeared, it made Xie Changming and a few others feel that there was something not right about it.

Even if battles were constantly being fought, according to their calculations, it was way too early to feel the impact brought about by the influence of the environment. They were unable to determine the reason for the sudden acceleration.

Finally, after spending nearly a month in this ridiculous land, the army of the Upper Realm finally saw a city.

A brightly lit city with billowing smoke.

“At damn last! I want to see how much longer can they hide!” Xie Changming sat on the horse and stared hatefully at the city where there was smoke billowing in the distance with his bloodshot eyes.

Only the heavens knew how did they get through this period. Even if there wasn’t a lot of casualties but there was almost no time for them to rest. When they left for the Lower Realm, they were filled with vigor and were in high spirits. However, an unfavorable situation seemed to have spanned across the ranks except for Luo Qingcheng, Xie Changming and Wei Ya who could wield the Spirit Rings. However, those Gold Spirits and even those who had begun to condense the spirit inscriptions showed more obvious signs that they had been affected by the environment.

Wei Ya narrowed his eyes. At last, they finally met with the people from the Lower Realm. For them, this was good news. This meant that the real battle will soon start and once the war began, the strength of the Upper Realm would be fully revealed. They will swoop in with an overwhelming victory and let the Lower Realm suffer a crushing defeat. It wouldn’t take a long time to end such a one sided battle. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Now the influence of the Lower Realm on them was still very small and it was not enough to detract them from their combat effectiveness. However, if the battle drags on...

“Everyone, speed up.” Luo Qingcheng immediately issued an order to accelerate the advancement as she led the army. No matter what was Jun Wu Xie’s intention, she did not believe that if she killed everyone in the Lower Realm, Jun Wu Xie could still hide!

The army of the Upper Realm began to move forward quickly. From the time that they repelled the last wave of behemoths, it had only been half a day’s time. Many Gold Spirits were suppressing the rage in their hearts. Before they entered the Lower Realm, never in their wildest dreams would they ever imagined that they would be tormented and suffer so much in the Lower Realm. This was an utter disgrace and humiliation!

“Wait! What is that?” Wei Ya suddenly noticed something out of the ordinary and he immediately warned them.

Luo Qingcheng narrowed her eyes to a squint and peered at the city not too far away. There was a group of people who suddenly appeared before the city gates.

A group of people dressed in black light armor and riding black horses spilled out from the gates of the city in a single line and soon formed a neat army.

And standing before the black army, there was a figure that sat valiantly upon a horse and Luo Qingcheng’s blood began to boil!

...

War was impending.