Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2427: Overwhelming Force (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“What do you mean?” The fear in Wei Ya became deeper.

Jun Wu Xie said flatly. “Since you are now in the Lower Realm, forget about the arrogance you got in the Upper Realm. You guys have no way to be so bold here!”

It was exactly at the moment Jun Wu Xie finished her words, two troops of armies rushed into the battlefield each from the both sides of the field. There was Qu Lingyue leading the heavily armed soldiers of the Lower Realm coming from the right while the Rui Lin Army with Jun Qing leading at the front arriving at the battlefield from the left!

The sudden appearance of the two forces had joined the Night Regime in besieging the army of the Upper Realm!

With the spirit energy in his entire body flowing away crazily, Xie Changming’s heart was literally in his mouth when he saw the two crowded forces which he couldn’t even see the end of the troops with just a glance coming!

Just as what Jun Wu Xie had said, this place was the territory of the Lower Realm. Even if it was the army of the Upper Realm, they should also behave themselves and kneel on their knees without making a single noise!

If it was fifteen minutes ago, Xie Changming and Wei Ya wouldn’t be panicked at all even if all the people in the Lower Realm joined the battle, let alone the participation of two forces. The five hundred thousand Gold Spirits behind them were already enough to overwhelm the power of the Lower Realm. The strength of the Gold Spirits was enough for them to make up for any difference in the quantity.

But now...

Within a few minutes, the strength of quite a number of Gold Spirits had already dropped off from the level of the Gold Spirit. Moreover, they were unable to adapt to the little amount of spirit energy in the Lower Realm at the first place, and now with their spirit energy depleting continuously, the discomfort they experienced became more obvious.

Forget about the battle, quite amount of people had already begun to gasp for breath.

While a lot of spirit energy inside them kept flowing away, the bodies of them, which had already gotten used to the rich spirit energy in the Upper Realm, would try to absorb the spirit energy from the air automatically. But now that they were in the Lower Realm, the little amount of spirit energy had caused this kind of instinctive response of theirs to receive the strongest stimulus in their bodies!

Three forces charged forward, taking the initiative to approach the army of the Upper Realm. The table had now turned!

The expression on Wei Ya’s face had crumbled. He didn’t actually understand what was going on and why did the earth of the Lower Realm change so suddenly and strangely. The floating white halo was just like a strong poison, invading into their bodies and dragging the spirit energy inside them that they were proud of into the deep abyss at this moment.

It was exactly like what Jun Wu Xie had just said.

There was no way for them to act wild in the Lower Realm!

Drops and drops of cold sweat were dripping from Wei Ya’s forehead. The situation now was totally different from what they had once imagined. They were supposed to be the predator, but in just a blink of an eye, they were suddenly the prey. While looking at the coalition formed by the Night Regime, the Rui Lin Army and the Iron Blood Army, the heart of Wei Ya instantly sank into the depths of the abyss.

Their spirit energy was still disappearing non-stop but the battle was on the verge of happening!

How should they fight?

How were they still going to fight?

Wei Ya took a glance over the soldiers of the Upper Realm behind him who were giving off the reaction of being strongly uncomfortable with the corners of his eyes. Most of their spirit energy had already fallen off to the level of the Silver Spirit. They might still be able to handle the situation with the strength they had now, but in reality, their spirit energy was still depleting rapidly while their instinctive reaction of absorbing the spirit energy had caused them to suffer huge torment. They couldn’t take part in the battle anymore with torment like this! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The despair that had never been experienced before buried them.

With the upcoming suppression pressing on them, they couldn’t even breathe properly.

It was a total paleness on the face of Wei Ya. Watching the three forces getting nearer step by step, it seemed like they were standing at the edge of the cliff and death was actually so close to them!