Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chapter 2433: To Whom Was The Heaven Going to Give Its Mercy (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Who would have thought that the conceited Luo Qingcheng would one day be defeated and had no way of fighting back?

Worse of all, the person who had wounded her could do it so easily.

Xie Changming’s gaze wandered towards Jun Wu Xie who stood to one side. She was evidently a cold woman who looked like a young and inexperienced teenage girl. She was definitely not old enough compared to the long lives of people from the Upper Realm. To them, Jun Wu Xie’s age was like a flick of their finger.

But it was precisely that moment that gave birth to such an evil spawn!

Xie Changming was scared, he was truly scared. He could no longer summon any intention to fight against Jun Wu Xie. If he was able to escape back to the Upper Realm this time, he feared that he would never be able to face Jun Wu Xie in this lifetime.

Jun Wu Xie stood there quietly as she gazed emotionlessly at Luo Qingcheng being tortured ceaselessly by the Spirit Ring which Grandmaster Ren Huang left to Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie did not have to use her own Spirit Ring. Whatever injuries inflicted on Luo Qingcheng was made by Grandmaster Ren Huang’s Spirit Ring.

Grand Master, did you see that?

The person who forced you to death is now being punished for her sins.

Can you see?

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes turned downward slightly, she won’t let Luo Qingcheng have an easy death. There were too many sins and crimes to be paid, and so she would let Luo Qingcheng continue to live out her lifetime in constant, intense pain.

Standing to one side, those Upper Realm soldiers witnessed everything in trepidation.The terrifying screams of Luo Qingcheng absolutely horrified them. They did not dare to believe that such a strong person like Lady Qingcheng could not escape when she went against Jun Wu Xie.

The great disparity made them lost their last shred of hope within their hearts, grinded to dust in that very instant.

No one dared to step forward any longer. They looked on at Jun Wu Xie, whose eyes were filled with nightmarish intent, as if the King of Hell had descended upon earth.

Luo Qingcheng was unable to shake off the shackles of the Spirit Ring. She could only fall onto the ground, wringing her body in pain. However, Jun Wu Xie no longer had the patience to continue enjoying her misery.

Jun Wu Xie lifted her head and directed her gaze across everyone, and focused on the horse drawn carriage.

In the chaotic battlefield, the carriage stood still, and stuck out like a sore thumb.

She lifted her feet and headed towards the carriage. She was not hurried, her steps were steady as she neared her goal, leaving a bloody trail of shoe prints.

Those Upper Realm soldiers who stood in front of Jun Wu Xie were so frightened that they even lost their courage to escape. In fact, before they could even run for their lives, they were cut down where they stood. Blood pooled in Jun Wu Xie’s path, as if a red carpet rolled out for her, leading Jun Wu Xie towards her goal.

The exponents who were guarding the carriage previously, most had already been dispersed by the chaos. There were still a couple who still stood guard but upon seeing Jun Wu Xie’s approach, they trembled with fear and were unable to summon up the will to engage her in combat.

Jun Wu Xie lifted her hand slightly, as the Spirit Ring slowly flew out her right palm. Once the Spirit Ring left her hand, it turned into a dark green light as it swept past the area where the carriage stood, and sent everyone within the vicinity straight to hell.

There was no one left to hinder her.

Jun Wu Xie stood in front of the jet black carriage, staring at the tightly wound layers of Soul Binding Chains.