Chapter 2438: The Return of The Dark Emperor (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Deafening shouts burst out from the mouths of all the members of the Night Regime at this moment. These warriors who were used to silence could finally vent their innermost passion after thousand years of waiting.

Their leader, the Dark Emperor, had finally returned to them in this moment.

From now on, the Night Regime had nothing to be afraid of!

Without making a noise, the Rui Lin Army and the army of Qu Lingyue gathered towards them, watching quietly at the frantic enthusiasm of the Night Regime and the moment now which belonged to the Dark Emperor.

The result of the battle was a foregone conclusion. All that were left for them to do were just some aftermath tasks.

Jun Wu Yao was staying beside Jun Wu Xie all the time, not letting her out of his sight. His eyes were focusing on her, as if she was the only person living in the world.

The fact that all his attention was on her had made Qiao Chu and the others to stop themselves from stepping forward and congratulating them, not willing to interrupt their reunion.

The Lower Realm didn’t lose much in the battle. The casualties they suffered in terms of deaths and injured were still in an acceptable range. Luo Qingcheng, Wei Ya and Xie Changming were imprisoned in the dungeon. After keeping her Spirit Ring back from Luo Qingcheng, Jun Wu Xie buried the seeds of Blood Velvet into the bodies of three of them. Even though their lives were spared, they were still going to endure the future of them staying alive in a situation which was way more worse than death.

There was no way for a normal person to inhibit the parasitism of the seeds of Blood Velvet. However, the physiques of the three of them were different from the physiques of normal people. Although their strengths were affected by the reversal array, they were still stronger than an ordinary person. It was because of the powerfulness they owned that they were destined to live miserably in these endless torments.

The fire on the battle was extinguished. There were corpses lying everywhere in the battlefield and pools of blood forming numbers of red streams with the dirty soil turning into the colour of bloody red after being soaked in the blood.

It was just that no one would ever feel sorry about the trails of those enchanting colour of red. Instead, it had revealed the powerfulness of the Lower Realm to the whole world.

This was the ground of the Lower Realm. Nobody was allowed to act presumptuously and wildly here. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

While standing on the bloody ground, the heavy smell of blood which was whirling around Jun Qing’s nose was still constantly reminding him about the battle that had just happened. It seemed like until now, he had not recovered from the atmosphere of the battle yet.

Before the battle started, nearly everyone from the Lower Realm was preparing themselves to fight to the death. They were all ready to risk their lives to have a ruthless fight with their enemies in order to defend their faiths.

But who would ever think that such a deathful battle would actually come to an end so easily. Those violent and brutal scenes appeared in their imaginations didn’t even occur.

The appearance of the reversal array had completely wiped out the advantages of the army of the Upper Realm, forcefully dragging the strong Gold Spirits down from their altars.

It was an unexpectedly easy battle. The battle was so simple that those from the Lower Realm who had participated in the battle couldn’t recover from their emotions.

They...

They won the battle just like this?

It was clear that they had already begun to clean up but there were voices of people shouting and growling breaking out suddenly in the battlefield, penetrating through the heaven!

Qiao Chu and the rest of them who had already gotten back to the city gate were so shocked by those shouts that they quickly looked back, thinking that something might have happened. But after they saw the joy and excitement on the faces of the people of the Lower Realm, they looked at each other and gave out a smile.

It was a really subtle feeling.

They got the best outcome without sacrificing too many lives. How were these not exciting to them?

While thinking about this, they couldn’t help but land their sights on Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao who were walking at the front.

The magical white halo had become the key for them to turn the plot of the battle. They didn’t know what it was but Ye Mei’s words kept on lingering in their minds.

He said that all of these were the marvelous creations of Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao.