Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2458: The Big Wedding (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

As the sun started to rise and its pale rays slowly touched the earth, chasing away the darkness, the city was painted in a layer of gold hue.

The whole city of Qi was covered in flowers, stretching a few miles.

On both sides of the road, the flowers bloomed and the fragrance filled the noses.

The teams that came to celebrate were endless as they drove from outside the city to the inside, surrounded with the fragrance of flowers, everyone’s face was full of joy.

After such a big battle, the news of such an auspicious event naturally made everyone joyous. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

All parties with influence came one after another as they bore celebratory gifts. The whole of Qi city was lively, the Rui Lin Army played the role of bodyguards today, as they lined each side of the streets, from the outside of the city till the inside. Today, the young and vigorous warriors temporarily shed their armours, and instead donned identical long, red gowns and it tempered their usual ferocious auras with hints of joyousness and gentleness.

Within the Lin Palace, a figure clad in fiery red sat before the dressing table, the copper mirror caught the reflection of an absolutely beautiful face. Although the city was filled with hundreds of flowers, they couldn’t compare to the beauty of the lady.

Su Ya was dressed in red and she stood just behind Jun Wu Xie, looking at the splendidly dressed Jun Wu Xie and her eyes were filled with laughter.

Jun Wu Xie did not normally dress up and she was already a beautiful lady, with her looks, she had made people’s hearts beat faster. But today, she applied a little make up and that made her quiet beauty stand out even more.

Even as a lady, when Su Ya saw Jun Wu Xie dressed in her wedding finery and with make up, she also could not help but light up.

Her disciple, was of course the most beautiful today.

Su Ya observed at Jun Wu Xie on this joyous day, yet, Jun Wu Xie was acting in her usual calm demeanour, as she bathed, changed her clothes and put on her makeup. Everything was done in a peaceful and calm manner with no trace of panic. Su Ya used a wooden comb to help comb Jun Wu Xie’s hair.

Within the Lin Palace, Jun Wu Xia was the only female in the family, she did not have any sisters nor did she have a mother. Su Ya and Yue Ye were in her room as her master and disciple respectively as they spent the moment before the big ceremony together.

“Is your Master pretty today?” Su Ya smilingly asked Yue Ye who was seated to one side.

Yue Ye’s eyes have already looked forward, but upon the question from Su Ya, she nodded her head.

“My Master is the most beautiful lady in the world!”

Su Ya laughs lightly as her eyes turned down. Today, she was really happy for Jun Wu Xie but there was this momentary, fleeting touch of sorrow.

This bright red wedding dress is destined to never be hers. Since that person has died, she would never put it on for another person.

“Master, are you not nervous?” Yue Ye blinked as she asked Jun Wu Xie, her eyes were filled with curiosity.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Yue Ye calmly, and she shook her head.

Even though she is the one who proposed, why should she be nervous?

Yue Ye stared at Jun Wu Xie for a while, but was chased by Su Ya to help Lord Meh Meh and Sacrificial Blood Rabbit “dress up”.

These two adorably silly beasts would be accompanying Jun Wu Xie to marry, Su Ya and Yue Ye thought of the idea to dress them up.

The two stupid beats were just washed white yesterday, and now they were sitting on the stools, awaiting their tasks.

As Jun Wu Xie looked on, her heart has never been more calm than now.

This sense of peace, to her, was a kind of special enjoyment.

The crisp knocking sounded in the room, and Yue Ye stood up almost in an instant as she looked nervously at Jun Wu Xie.