Chapter 2459: The Big Wedding（2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Qing’s smiling voice came from outside the door. “It’s time.”

Under the eyes of Yue Ye and Su Ya, Jun Wu Xie stood up slowly. Su Ya handed her the phoenix crown but Jun Wu Xie gently pushed it away and slightly shook her head.

Since this was her wedding ceremony, she certainly had her own thoughts.

Rejected the exquisite heavy phoenix crown, Jun Wu Xie picked up a simple head pendant from the dressing table and wore it on her head. The middle part of the thin silver chain was embellished with a ruby which was carved into the shape of a flower. It didn’t look luxurious at all compared to the jade hairpins and the golden headwears on the dressing table, but it looked so good on Jun Wu Xie’s forehead. The ruby was placed on the centre of her eyebrows, as if a dot of vermilion was applied between her eyebrows.

“I’m ready.” Jun Wu Xie glanced casually over the mirror. Though remaining a low profile, she looked stunning in the bright red wedding gown with her long black hair flowing over her shoulders.

Yue Ye who was standing aside was a little dumbfounded. She looked at the gorgeous phoenix crown and then moved her eyes onto the red veil which she held in her hands. Her mind went blank for a moment.

“You don’t have to pay much attention to those complicated formalities if you don’t like it. There’s no use of the veil anymore.” Su Ya immediately understood what her student meant and did not force her on following the red tape.

Jun Qing had been waiting outside the door together with Long Qi and the other generals of the Rui Lin Army. Instead of holding the wedding ceremony in the Lin Palace, the ceremony today was held in the Ghost City which was located in the Qi City...

After Jun Wu Yao revealed the antecedent of the Ghost City, the Ghost City had undergone a makeover. With just a few days, the entire city had transformed into a splendour and magnificence underground palace. It was really astounding to know that the Ghost Army were such quick workers.

The moment the door opened and Jun Wu Xie walked out from her room, Jun Qing and the others who were waiting outside got stunned for a while. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The beauty of the woman who was standing in front of their eyes had far gone beyond their expectations. All the people who once thought that they had already gotten used to the beauty of Jun Wu Xie were, once more, furiously blown away by the reality.

It took quite some time for Jun Qing to recover from his astonishment. He then suddenly noticed that Jun Wu Xie didn’t cover her face with the red veil. He looked at Su Ya who was standing behind Jun Wu Xie, restraining himself from saying something. After seeing Su Ya shrugging her shoulders, he roughly got that Jun Wu Xie might not want to use the red veil and thus, he too, didn’t try to force her on wearing it.

The generals of the Rui Lin Army didn’t notice the issue at all. After these big broad men saw how beautiful and attractive Jun Wu Xie was, the rims of their eyes turned red with great reluctance, as if they were the one whose beloved daughter was getting married.

If it wasn’t for the presence of Jun Qing, they might probably cry out loud on the spot.

How come their Miss Young who’s as pretty as a flower has just simply gotten married like this?

“The dress fits you. Hurry up and let’s go, or else we’ll be running out of time,” said Jun Qing with a smile. The marriage customs of the normal people weren’t applicable to the people in the Lin Palace. It was fine if the couple were satisfied with it. Other than that, they wouldn’t care.

Jun Wu Xie slightly nodded her head and walked out of the courtyard of the Lin Palace with Su Ya and Yue Ye accompanying beside her while Lord Meh Meh who had red flowers tied on its horns and Sacrificial Blood Rabbit with a red ribbon tying on its neck were both hopping behind the black cat, following the footsteps of Jun Wu Xie, leaving the palace.

A crowd of onlookers, the residents of the Qi City, was gathering outside the Lin Palace. The Ghost City was the place where the wedding ceremony was held at. Most of the guests were sent to said location by Jun Xian beforehand to prevent people from crowding at the Lin Palace, causing Jun Wu Xie to be unable to step out of the entrance door.

Nevertheless, the entrance of the Lin Palace was still blocked completely by the residents who had come to visit after listening to the news. Involuntarily, every single pair of eyes looked into the palace with curiosity.

The Miss Young of the Lin Palace was truly a legendary person in the past Qi Kingdom.

Not knowing the proper way to act, she was gilded and presumptuous.