Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2460: The Big Wedding（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

She was the infamous dandy girl in the Qi Kingdom, but no one would have ever thought that she was going to be the top of the Lower Realm with her name sweeping across the realm after many years!

Not even a single person was able to connect the Jun Wu Xie now to the crazed fangirl many years ago who had always been chasing after the second prince. In the minds of the residents of the Qi City, the absurd engagement that was once made was even more like a defilement to Jun Wu Xie.

No one was willing to mention it at all.

Everyone was waiting. They were all waiting for the greatest wedding ceremony to begin.

Without exaggerating, the scale of Jun Wu Xie’s wedding ceremony had gone far beyond the scale of the wedding ceremony of the Emperor and the Empress of every country!

The congratulations coming from the parties all around the world, the mountainous piles of wedding gifts and the Qi City which was now buried in the sea of flowers had become the novelties that everyone was keen to talk about.

“Who is Young Miss Jun going to marry?” asked a little kid in the crowd who was holding his mother’s hand.

However, no one was able to answer his question.

Who was Jun Wu Xie going to marry?

Normal people simply wouldn’t know.

The identity of Jun Wu Yao was mysterious from the start. Moreover, the fact that the Upper Realm was chasing after him had led the alliance of the three troops of army to have tacitly made the identity of Jun Wu Yao an unspoken secret.

And this was why the public had totally no idea of who Jun Wu Xie was actually going to marry.

When everyone was busy discussing animatedly with each other, there suddenly came a galloping sound of a horse from the street. Upon hearing the sound, everyone looked at the direction where the sound came from but they were soon being dumbfounded by the scene they saw in front of their eyes!

There was a good-looking man who was dressed in a dark red robe riding on a flaming bone horse which had a dark red light armor wearing on its body. With a pair of scarlet eyes on the body that was raging with black fire, the horse looked like a demon walking out from a dream!

There was the Night Regime following orderly behind the man. It was such a huge parade that the entire Qi City went silent at the mere moment.

The fairness of Jun Wu Yao who was riding on the flaming bone horse was heavenly. His innate evil charisma had even made those teenage girls who were looking at him to stand in stunned with their souls leaving their bodies, falling head over heels in love with him. However, their love was destined to be shredded into pieces. No matter how ignorant were them, they could already tell that the man was the bridegroom who was going to marry Jun Wu Xie.

The parade stopped in front of the Lin Palace. Jun Wu Yao was sitting on the horse with his eyes staring at the entrance door of the Lin Palace which was wide opening. Second by second, the time passed. As always, there was a smile hanging on his face, but no one had actually noticed that his hands which were holding the reins were already full of sweat. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He was waiting.

He was waiting for her appearance.

A fire red figure walked out slowly from the Lin Palace. With just an instant, everyone was attracted to the figure.

She looked so beautiful, to the extent that everyone had forgotten to breathe at that moment. It was a complete silence outside the Lin Palace as all their eyes were focusing on the colour of bright red.

With Jun Qing and the others accompanying beside her, Jun Wu Xie walked out of the door of the Lin Palace. She slightly raised her head up and her eyes met the familiar pair of eyes outside the door.

Without moving a bit, Jun Wu Yao was just sitting on the back of the horse with his back straight while looking at the little woman who had him lost in reverie walking, step by step, into his sight and then to the front of him.

His throat seemed to be embroiled with raging fire with his Adam’s apple slightly moving up and down. Stiffly but determinedly, he stretched his hand out towards her.

There was no sedan chair. He just wanted to go through every single procedure with her today all by himself.

Without any hesitation, Jun Wu Xie reached her hand out and put it on Jun Wu Yao’s palm.

Jun Wu Yao lifted his arm up and the bright red figure which was always striking on his heartstrings fell into his arms, sitting steadily on the horse.