Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2463: The Wedding Night （1）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

However, what they didn’t realize was that it was actually not really easy for both Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao to be able to carry on the wedding ceremony to this extent...

If it wasn’t for them having scruples towards the people in the Lin Palace, Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao might probably pledge their marriage privately without informing the others. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Nobody would have the courage to disturb the wedding night of Jun Wu Yao. All the guests were then invited and sent to the banquet by Jun Xian.

Whereas, Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao who should be the spotlight of today had earlier gone back to their room.

Though there wasn’t any reddish decoration in the clean and tidy bedroom, Jun Wu Xie felt especially cosy and warm. The layout of the room was exactly the same as her room in the Lin Palace. It was just that the size of the bed... was bigger.

There were only two of them in the room. After entering the room, Jun Wu Yao who first hurriedly brought Jun Wu Xie back was in a slight daze. The purple eyes gazed at Jun Wu Xie who was sitting in the chair, seemingly to be unable to move his sight away anymore.

From now on, she was his wife and he was her husband.

The moment he thought about the changes in each other’s identity, the heart of Jun Wu Yao was then filled with a kind of contentment that he had never experienced before.

It was as if he was the happiest person in the world with just by looking at her.

“Little Xie...” He couldn’t hold himself from walking toward her. The slightly trembling fingers of his slid across her smooth face. The soft sense of touch under his fingers gave him an electric shock all over his body.

Jun Wu Xie raised her head and looked at him who was blushing on the face with her eyes slowly blinking.

The whole body of Jun Wu Yao stiffened and all the blood in his body seemed to be surging into his brain. There were many things he wanted to do but he didn’t know where should he be starting from.

The impetuousness that was wilding inside him made him a little afraid.

He didn’t want to hurt her.

Since he had married her, no one else was allowed to hurt her a bit, not even he himself.

It was just a touch from his fingertips and Jun Wu Yao was almost going to let the impetuousness suppressed within him out. He wasn’t sure whether he was able to remain the rationality he had now if he got himself closer to her.

This was the little guy that he had been looking and waiting for many years, how was he going to stay calm?

Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao for a very long time. All she saw was just him touching her face without having any other actions after that. She rolled her eyes and stood up all of a sudden. While holding onto Jun Wu Yao’s hand, she pulled him and walked towards the neat wedding bed.

With his whole body stiffening, Jun Wu Yao could only widen his eyes and let Jun Wu Xie pull him to the bed. He was then pressed by Jun Wu Xie to sit stiffly on the bed. Followed by a gentle push coming from her pair of hands, he was caught off-guard and fell onto the soft bed.

He was all tensed up to the extreme with every cell in his body growling.

But he didn’t dare to move.

He was deeply afraid of hurting her.

Nevertheless, Jun Wu Xie took off her shoes and socks. She suddenly raised the lower part of her skirt up and sat astride Jun Wu Yao’s waist.

The soft touch of her hips coming across from the cloths had caused Jun Wu Yao’s body to tremble. It seemed like his blood was all rushing towards somewhere else in his body at the very moment.

“Little Xie...” With his throat knot rolling, his throat became exceedingly dry and his purple eyes were covered with a layer of lust.

While looking at him without speaking a word, Jun Wu Xie just raised her hand and took off the beautiful wedding gown after unfastening the clothing buckles on her dress. Her every movement seemed to be stimulating Jun Wu Yao’s nerves, causing the vein on his hand to protrude from his tensed muscles.

After she carefully folded the wedding gown and put it aside, Jun Wu Xie suddenly took out a coverless book from her underclothes and began to read it seriously.

“...” Jun Wu Yao was full of anticipation. He would have never thought that this little woman would just sit on his waist and start reading like this!