Chapter 2477: Interrogation (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

It was as if countless of ants were being stuffed into the body of Luo Qingcheng, biting and munching, bit by bit, on her internal organs. There was a kind of stinging pain mingling with an itchiness under the skin, every piece of her flesh was tickling. The burning itchiness made Luo Qingcheng to look more crazier with her gaze. If it wasn’t for her limbs being tied up, she probably might have already scratched her skin until it started to bleed.

“Arghhhh! You damned slut! You bitch!” The piercing pain had completely driven Luo Qingcheng nuts. Her entire body was so itchy that she couldn’t even bear it. Compared to the pain, itchiness like this was more likely to make her crazy. With her body constantly twitching, she wanted to evade the shadow-liked discomfort that was always attaching onto her. Her struggle had caused both her wrists and ankles that were tightly cuffed by the Soul Binding Chains to bleed from rubbing, with the blood dripping sparsely onto the clear bronze mirror on the floor.

Though it didn’t seem like there was any wound formed on the body of Luo Qingcheng due to the drug, her reaction had still sent shivers down Bai Yun Xian’s spine without her knowing why. The shrill scream was so creepy to listen to.

Jun Wu Xie looked emotionlessly at Luo Qingcheng who was constantly screaming with a cold face. Neither did she ask her questions nor mock her, she was just staring at Luo Qingcheng with her pair of clear cold eyes, watching the torment suffered by Luo Qingcheng at the moment. Even the bloody smell that she hated very much couldn’t make her respond.

She wanted to watch this woman who had killed Ren Huang suffer from the punishment she deserved.

Actually, earlier when Luo Qingcheng was being captured, Jun Wu Xie had already asked her subordinates to frisk her. Unfortunately, she couldn’t find the bronze sphere that was related to the life and death worm from Luo Qingcheng, neither could she find it from Wei Ya nor Xie Changming. Moreover, the behaviour of Wei Ya and Xie Changming clearly showed that they knew nothing about the life and death worm after going through a series of interrogation.

It was obvious that except for Luo Qingcheng’s Master, the person who knew about Jun Wu Yao being poisoned with the life and death worm could only be Luo Qingcheng herself.

At first, Jun Wu Xie planned to get some rest for a few days after her wedding ceremony before she came to interrogate Luo Qingcheng, but because of what had happened this morning, she couldn’t wait any longer.

There were painful screams echoing in the large prison. The screaming voice travelled afar, making one’s hair to stand on end. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Luo Qingcheng’s voice became hoarse due to shouting but she couldn’t stop herself even though she had begun to cough out blood. The suffering that she was going through now was way more unbearable than the torture brought by an interrogation.

The scream went on for a period of half a day with Jun Wu Xie sitting quietly in the room for the whole morning. Without speaking a word, she was just looking at the twisted face of Luo Qingcheng with no expression on her face.

Noon, Luo Qingcheng was almost half dead after going through the torture. There were tears, boogers and saliva all over her face, as if she was a dead dog that was being hung in midair. She looked exceedingly miserable.

“Splash some water on her.” Jun Wu Xie ordered all suddenly. Without having the courage to hesitate, Bai Yunxian who was dumbfounded by the scene immediately recovered from the shock and quickly asked someone to prepare a pale of cold water and straight off splashed it onto Luo Qingcheng.

The whole body of Luo Qingcheng was soaked with cold water. Although it was bone-chilling, the coldness had dissipated the itchiness in her bones. Luo Qingcheng gasped with her mouth widely opened, at this point, the piercing cold water wasn’t even considered as some kind of torture to her, in the contrary, it was an extrication.

“What is the life and death worm?” At the moment, there came the voice of Jun Wu Xie.

Since Luo Qingcheng was caught, her mind was already slightly fuzzy. Her sanity was so close to being collapsed and now, after being tortured for the entire morning, even someone with extremely strong determination wasn’t able to endure it.

However, the moment the words “life and death worm” came into her ears, her body suddenly shuddered!