Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2479: Twisted Love (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Because she held the same unspeakable love, Bai Yunxian’s reactions became a bit more agitated. Jun Wu Xie did not have any reaction but she could no longer hold it in.

Although Luo Qingcheng was slapped, it was like she could not feel pain. She squinted her eyes, her bloodshot eyes looked like they were bleeding.

“Me? Harm him? Haha.... harm him..... Haha..... Why can’t I harm him? I begged him for his appreciation, but he? What did he give me? In his eyes, there never was a place for me! Since I cannot get his love, I made him hate me! What is the big deal about the blood sacrifices in the Realms? If he could maintain the consecration, wouldn’t it be a big help? Even if he died, the Three Realms would be grateful....”

Smack!

A cold light suddenly slammed into Luo Qingcheng’s face, a wound so deep that the bone was visible extended from her eyebrows to her lower jaw, the skin and flesh split opened, and the blood was flowing down.

Bai Yunxian was stunned and whipped her head around and found that Jun Wu Xie was holding a silver-white whip.

“Selfish, with no regard for others. You don’t deserve to love him.” Jun Wu Xie’s eyes were icy cold.

No matter how Luo Qingcheng said, it could never be explained how she betrayed Jun Wu Yao because of power.

In Luo Qingcheng’s heart, power would always surpass love, so even if Jun Wu Yao had accepted her, the result would not change.

“I’m undeserving? Are you more deserving than me? You bitch! You’re just a toy to cure Ye Jue’s boredom! Don’t treat yourself like you’re a big deal! He has plenty of women by his side who are just like you! Why would he look at you!” Pain and hatred made Luo Qingcheng gnashed her teeth, as she glared at Jun Wu Xie.

She doesn’t believe that Ye Jue would give up everything for a mere girl.

This is all false!

All false!

Jun Wu Xie is just a toy that Ye Jue is toying with to pass time!

That must be it!

Jun Wu Xie did not speak, she just looked very coldly at Luo Qingcheng.

Aside, Bai Yunxian suddenly sneered, “Stupid! I feel sorry for you. Forgot to tell you, yesterday, Master Wu Yao and Miss Wu Xie got married. They are now husband and wife.”

“What?!” Luo Qingcheng’s eyes widened in shock as she stared in disbelief at Jun Wu Xie. She didn’t dare to believe what she had heard.

Married?

Ye Jue is married.....

How is this possible.....

He..... actually feels so deeply for this bitch?!

To enraged, Luo Qingcheng spat a mouthful of blood out, and she could no longer contain her tears which she tried so hard to suppress before.

“Not possible..... It’s impossible that Ye Jue would marry..... His character..... Not possible.....” Luo Qingcheng’s expression became anxious, she refused to believe, she didn’t dare to believe.

She thought that Ye Jue would never fall in love. Even if he looked at Jun Wu Xie, it could have been just a moment of interest, and that he would lose interest in her someday. But, she never would have thought that she would be locked up and suffering in torment.

While Jun Wu Xie and Ye Jue were married with everyone’s blessings.....

Looking at the madness of Luo Qingcheng, Bai Yunxian was somewhat overwhelmed and looked at Jun Wu Xie. No one thought that her reaction would be so intense. Under such circumstances, could Jun Wu Xie obtain the answer she wanted?

“Let me see him.... Let me see him! Once I see him, I’ll tell you everything you want to know!” Luo Qingcheng suddenly exclaimed!