Chapter 2485: The Sea of Death (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

The journey from Lower Realm to the Upper Realm was extremely far, and they needed to pass through the Middle Realm.

After the massacre of the Nine temples, the Middle Realm welcomed a period of peace. Until now, the Upper Realm did not send anyone to take over that terrible mess. Jun Wu Yao had arranged for some of the Night Regime and the accompanying Rui Lin Army to stay in the Middle Realm and secretly observe whether there were other side measures deployed by the Upper Realm.

After passing through the Middle Realm, to reach the Upper Realm, they needed to pass through a seemingly endless sea – the Sea of Death.

The Sea of Death, that was the only road leading to the Upper Realm from the Middle Realm. It was an endless ocean. The sky over the ocean had been covered with dark clouds for many years. The ocean was full of turmoil and extremely dangerous. People in the Middle Realm would never dare to take on the Sea of Death. Many lives were buried here because they did not realize how perilous the journey was.

People once said that those who passed through the Sea of Death and survive onto the Upper Realm, just the experience of travelling via this path, would have earned them the right to stand on the soil of the Upper Realm.

In this vast ocean, where the clouds were thick and completely obstruct the sky year round, where strong winds, thunder and lightning clashed. And no matter how strong you were, once you reached the ocean, you would be just like duckweed, floating with no shelter or support. The great waves and strong winds tore everything apart. Even the Spirit Jade Palace Lord who was at the peak of his power in the Middle Realm that year couldn’t muster up the courage to embark on a journey through the Sea of Death.

To enter the Sea of Death, Jun Wu Yao had also made sufficient preparations. The ship was built by only the Night Regime, with many hidden caches. The hull was extremely large; the capacity of a single ship was enough to accommodate several thousand people. The hull was was also built with reinforced wood which was indestructible. The ship was filled with sufficient water and food supplies throughout the journey.

The numbers of Night Regime and Ghost Army added up to almost ten thousand. Just the ships alone already numbered to more than a hundred. Hence, with the size of this fleet, it attracted too much attention. Therefore, Jun Wu Yao instructed the ships to leave in batches. Each batch will take 5 different routes, and only 10 vessels will travel on each route.

The huge ships, upon entering the ocean, looked tiny instead. As they gradually headed towards to open ocean, the land also gradually disappeared from the line of sight of all the people. Looking around, they were surrounded by vast and endless water. Under the dark clouds, the sunrays that poked through were very weak, and made the sea looked dusty and dark. Inexplicably, there was a sense of suffocation among the travellers.

Qiao Chu and others stood at the bow and looked at the Sea of Death in front of them. The sea breeze brought the coolness of the sea to them, leaving some tingling pain on their faces, and would leave a little salty taste on the corners of their mouths.

“This is the Sea of Death? Brother Wu Yao, how long will it take for us to reach the Upper Realm?” Qiao Chu had an arm hooked around the sail rope, a leg which rested on the railing as he lifted his head and greeted the sea breeze. The man’s pride seemed to be provoked by this vast ocean.

They have been heading towards the coast of the Upper Realm for more than five days, and their surroundings have been nothing but water. They kept looking at the magnificent ocean, it was endless. If not for the ship lulling, they couldn’t even feel the boat moving forward. Everything was exactly the same.

Jun Wu Yao stood on the deck as the sea breeze mussed up his long hair, and his arms were habitually blocking Jun Wu Xie, although he knew that this sea breeze would not bring any harm to Jun Wu Xie, but still subconsciously wanted to protect she.

“Still early.” Jun Wu Xie replied as she looked towards the sea. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

They were only just entering this Sea of Death.