Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2486: The Sea of Death (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“It’s still early.....” Qiao Chu looked towards the endless ocean. At the end of the ocean was their destination – the Upper Realm, where strong opponents were abundant and the strong was everywhere.

“Brother Wu Yao, what is the Upper Realm like? Tell us about it.” Fei Yan looked excitedly at Jun Wu Yao. Maybe it was because Jun Wu Yao and Jun Wu Xie were married, so they did not possess any fear towards Jun Wu Yao – although the respect and worship were still there, at least they dared to speak more than two sentences to him.

Jun Wu Yao lifted his eyes and looked at the grey skies, as he got lost in his recollection of the Upper Realm. The sea breeze whispered through his ear, he regained his senses as Jun Wu Yao took in the sight of Jun Wu Xie and spoke, “In the Upper Realm, they only believe in one law, that is, whoever is the strongest is king. Within the Upper Realm, there is no such thing as loyalty and filial piety. But the strong, you can use your power to plunder and pillage without any constraints. If you have enough strength, you can kill all the people you want to kill. No one will blame you nor punish you. They believe that only the strong have the to survive.”

There wasn’t the slightest undulation in Jun Wu Yao’s voice, it was calm as he revealed the unknown world of the Upper Realm to Qiao Chu and the others.

Rather than describing the type of life and environment of the Upper Realm, he could have just said that it was a battlefield there.

All children, from birth, would be handed over to special personnel for care. Parents cannot raise their children after they were born. Their children were unified in the training ground of the city government. They were not breastfed but were fed instead a specially formulated soup, which would stimulate the spiritual power in their bodies. Strong foundations were laid from when they were small until they grew older. When they could walk, they would be brought to high-intensity training. Those children whose consciousness were not developed and who could barely speak, had to endure the most brutal training at their most vulnerable time.

Those young children could not understand the world and its workings at all. And instead, they were compelled to develop their tendons and veins, force-fed countless medicinal soups as they were made to forcibly expand the foundations for their spiritual powers.

Many children who could not survive those days have died.

In the practice field of the city’s main government, a large number of bodies would be thrown out every month, and they were those who had just been born or were just one or two years old children.

They were treated like a pile of rubbish, the corpses were just thrown into a rough wooden box and transported out of the city, to be thrown into the Sea of Death. Never to be seen again by their parents who had only given birth to these children.

Those children who were ‘lucky’ enough to survive, were then subjected to an even more intense selection. Those who excelled with innate talents were allowed to stay in the city and continued to be raised and taught, until they reached adulthood. Their parents could only come to visit occasionally as they were strictly prohibited to disturb their children’s cultivation.

And those children with mediocrity would be thrown back home directly, and ignored.

However, those children were forcibly infused with a large amount of medicinal from a very young age. Their bodies were completely different from ordinary babies, and so many of the children who were thrown home could not survive for a long time and died.

In the Upper Realm, only the strong had the right to live on. In a dog-eat-dog environment, the people of the Upper Realm have long been accustomed to such a life and even towards their own flesh and blood, they have lost any sense of love and affection, unlike people from the Lower Realm.

“What in the world.... There is actually such a place?” Qiao Chu widened his eyes, unable to believe such a thing.