Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2487: The Sea of Death (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Otherwise, how would you think that there are so many Gold Spirits in the Upper Realm?” With his lips curving up, a trace of disdain emerged from Jun Wu Yao’s eyes.

The powerfulness of the Upper Realm wasn’t only due to its outstanding environment, but even more, their frenzied educational system.

In the Middle Realm and the Lower Realm, although it was necessary for one to build one’s foundation during the childhood phase, they wouldn’t try to pull up the seedlings to help them grow. Only when the Ring Spirit awakened, then one would start the cultivation of the spirit energy.

However, for the case of the Upper Realm, there was no such thing called the Ring Spirit. The people in the Upper Realm always thought that there was no need for them to seek help from the Ring Spirit due to the powerfulness they owned. To them, most of the Ring Spirit were so weak that if they waited until their teen phase when the Ring Spirit awakened before they began to cultivate, it would seriously procrastinate their progressions of cultivations and thus... they gave up on the Ring Spirit. Since when they were just an infant, they had already started the cultivation of the spirit energy.

“Big Brother Wu Yao, you said... that they will feed the newborn child soup? What soup is that? Will the person who drink it die?” Pressing lightly on his throat, Fei Yan was still able to bear the bloody smell in the battlefield, but the moment he thought about the fact that all those heavy wooden boxes were actually filled with the corpses of young kids, it made him want to vomit.

Jun Wu Yao raised his chin slightly with his eyes looking at the surface of the boundless sea and said. “There’s a kind of creature which you guys have never seen before living in the Sea of Death. It’s called the Sea Spirit Beast. It has the shape of a dragon. It is able to fly up to the Heaven and swim deep into the sea. Every part of its body is extremely valuable. The Sea Spirit Beasts only live under the deep bottom of the sea but they have become the hunting targets of the Upper Realm. Their blood consists of a type of special energy which is able to speed up the absorption of the spirit energy. It’s better for the person who drinks it to be as young as possible. The soup that is given to the newborn infant is mainly made by the blood of the Sea Spirit Beast.”

“...”

So they fed the baby with blood?!!

Fei Yan was literally dumbfounded by everything he had just heard. At first, he thought that the people in the Upper Realm was just a bunch of arrogant and presumptuous guys, but he wouldn’t have known that they were actually such insane people.

“They will do whatever they can as long as they are able to obtain powerful strength.” Jun Wu Yao had long become accustomed to these things. Compared to them being staggered by the cruelty of the Upper Realm when they arrived there, it would be better for him to inform them first so that they were able to mentally prepare themselves beforehand.

Jun Wu Xie frowned her brows without speaking a word. Jun Wu Yao vaguely noticed her unusualness. He looked down and asked. “What happen? Are you feeling sick?”

Jun Wu Xie shook her head. With a deep breath, she forced down the arising peculiar emotion in her heart.

Although Qiao Chu and the others had once suffered from their misfortunes when they were younger in age, they had still grown up with the love and care given by their families. It made sense that they, who were always being showered in the family love since young, weren’t able to understand that there were actually parents who would bear their hearts to let their children suffer such a torment. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, for Jun Wu Xie, a situation like this... wasn’t unfamiliar to her.

She was once locked in a room where no sunlight was able to shine into it. She was isolated from the outside world with only a black cat accompanying her. She was forced to study various kinds of medical books...

Jun Wu Xie could still remember the first time when she was forced to pick up a scalpel. Despite being only seven, she was asked to dissect the dead body of a teenage boy, but the moment when blood flowed out from the flesh she cut through using the sharp blade of the scalpel, the boy who was supposedly “dead” suddenly opened his eyes!

It was during that time when Jun Wu Xie realized that it was not a corpse that she was dissecting but a living person...

Up till today, she could never forget the horror and pleading in the boy’s eyes when he was looking at her.