Chapter 2488: The Sea of Death (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie tried to rebel against that person’s order and had injured him with a bite. She threw the scalpel away and stood at the corner, disapproving such behaviour. But that person dissected the boy who was still breathing in front of her, bit by bit...

At last, with her own eyes, she watched the organs that were cut out from the body being put into the formalin containers one by one.

He then told her. “He would stay alive. If you are the one to do it, I may keep him alive.”

Those words were just like a nightmare, kept on lingering in Jun Wu Xie’s mind.

That was the first time that somebody died because of her.

She looked at the wrinkled face of that person, he was smiling... creepily smiling.

“Little Xie?” A familiar voice suddenly came into Jun Wu Xie’s ears, instantly pulling her back from her reminiscence.

While being in a daze, Jun Wu Xie raised her head and met Jun Wu Yao’s purple eyes.

“What’s wrong?” The colour of his little girl’s face was extremely bad. Was it that the behaviour of the Upper Realm had made her feel sick?

“Nothing.” Jun Wu Xie moved her eyes back and responded flatly but she couldn’t help herself from holding tightly and inseparably onto Jun Wu Yao’s big hand with her hand which was at first dangling beside her body, feeling the warmth that was coming from his palm.

It was as if this was the only method for her to prove that she had already escaped from the evil place forever.

Jun Wu Yao couldn’t figure out what was Jun Wu Xie thinking about, but at that moment, her hand was very cold.

“The Upper Realm is insane, don’t they... ever think of revolt against the system?” Fan Zhuo couldn’t agree with their behaviour. Even if it was for them to obtain powerful strength, they shouldn’t be this barbarous. If so, was there even any difference between such a person and the animal?

“They have gotten used to it as they have been behaving like this since ancient times. Even if it’s their parents who have been raising them for years, they would also kill them once they became their nuisances, let alone a newborn infant. In the Upper Realm, there’s only one person sitting in the highest position with the Top Ten Experts ranking below him, followed by the seventy-two city lords. Despite the Top Ten Experts, the seventy-two city lords are all ruthless people. To rule the cities, they must hold enough power in their hands to oppress the residents in their cities, but at the same time, they need to bear the risks brought by the authorities they owned...” said Jun Wu Yao.

The lips of Jun Wu Yao curved into a demonic smile.

“In any case, if an expert is able to kill the present city lord, the said expert has the right to take over the position. Among the seventy-two city lords, almost half of them have snatched the position by killing their fathers, uncles or brothers. They only acknowledge people who are strong, other than that, nope.”

Jun Wu Yao’s words had made the blood of Qiao Chu and the others to run cold in terror. They couldn’t imagine it at all, that there was such a savage place in this world, even the brutality of the imperial power disputes in the Lower Realm couldn’t be compared to the Upper Realm. At least in the minds of the people in the Lower Realm, killing oneself father or brother was considered as a serious crime. Even if there was someone among them who had done such things, the person would also make his full effort to hide the truth. He would just live in the nightmare for the rest of his life. He wouldn’t think that all the things he did were actually reasonable and right, not at all.

But...

The so called human morality seemed to be just a pile of useless trash in the eyes of the Upper Realm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jun Wu Xie listened to the conversations quietly. She had finally understood that why would Luo Qingcheng constantly say that she had a crush on Jun Wu Yao when she had clearly persecuted him. This was actually the cognition of the Upper Realm...

No matter if it was their families, their beloved or their friends, whoever that had blocked their path in getting stronger, they must be killed!