Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 2491: A Bloody Hunt (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“What is this?” Hua Yao looked at the little thing that was obviously frightened. It was so small, the size of two palms, and its body was covered in blood. It was constantly shaking. Its eyes were as blue as the ocean but was filled with terror and fear.

“The cub of the Sea Spirit Beast.” One look and Jun Wu Yao recognized what the little thing was.

Under such an intense hunt, it was hard to imagine how the little Sea Spirit Beast cub could have managed to survive.

Jun Wu Xie saw the body of the Sea Spirit Beast and found that its abdomen bore traces of being bitten. It was not like the wounds in other places which were caused by a sharp weapon. She figured that in order to protect its cubs, the beast bit its own abdomen and hid the little cubs within its flesh and blood.

Even beasts would risk their lives to protect their offspring, those people from the Upper Realm could not even be compared to the Sea Spirit Beasts.

Jun Wu Xie cradled the frightened cub and carefully caressed it. She was keeping it because it was so small and weak that releasing it would only lead to its death. Qiao Chu prepared some water and helped Jun Wu Xie wash off the blood from the cub’s body.

However, the little cub, who witnessed the killing of its kind, let out a sorrowful, plaintive whine before it entered the water basin.

That tender sorrow, along with the blood covering its body, made the cub all the more desolate.

Jun Wu Xie summoned Lord Meh Meh and Sacrificial Blood Rabbit as they were also beasts, and small in shape – perhaps they could appease the fear of the little Sea Spirit Cub.

Lord Meh Meh seem to have understood Jun Wu Xie’s train of thought, and used its tongue to gently lick the traces of blood off the little cub’s body. Sacrificial Blood Rabbit also helped alongside Lord Meh Meh, under the ministrations of the two silly beasts, the sorrowful wail of the little Sea Spirit Beast gradually disappeared.

However, it was still fearful, shrinking into itself and shivering.

Jun Wu Xie instructed Ye Sha to bring the little cub into the ship’s cabin to rest. They needed to change their course slightly as they wanted to avoid clashing with the Upper Realm on the ocean.

The situation on the sea was difficult to grasp, they did not have how many troops the other party had and how many ships there were. If they didn’t pay careful attention and allowed some to escape, then their plan to sneak into the Upper Realm would be revealed and greatly hindered.

Without absolute certainty, Jun Wu Xie could not take this risk. Because she was not on this journey alone. Her loved ones and her comrades were with her.

Ten large ships slowly changed their direction, skipping past the bloody area and circling the bloody sea.

Everyone stood at the stern and looked at the piece of Asura’s hell, that gradually faded into the distance. Everyone’s heart seemed to be suppressing something.

This Upper Realm, how could they not hate them?

Massacre without restraints.....

Completely devoid of humanity.

The sky was getting dark, the sea breeze blew away the remaining traces of blood. With the distancing of the sea’s surface, the previous scene seemed to have been swallowed up by this boundless ocean. In such a vast ocean, if not for a chance meeting, how was it possible to encounter such a cruel scene.

But who knew how many deaths and sins were hidden under this seemingly calm sea?

The lights on the ship were lit up, and the ship slowly glided on the sea surface, silently.

In the darkness, a black dot gradually appeared in front Ye Sha who was at the helm. As the ship closed the distance, the black spot slowly stretched.

Ye Sha looked at the lone island at sea with some astonishment.

“Inform Lord Jue immediately and ask if he wants to disembark on the island!”