Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2511: Have You Ever Experienced Despair (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The sizes of the ten ships were really huge, making both the ships from the Sea Spirit City to look tiny as if they were some kids standing in front of a titan.

Yan Hai broke out in a cold sweat as he thuded himself onto the floor of the deck. While being soaked in the sweat, he looked miserable as if he was just being fished out from the sea.

No wonder...

No wonder the powerful Spirit Ring would suddenly stop chasing them, it was because earlier before that, she had noticed the appearance of the ten big ships.

There was no way back...

All the escape routes of the ships from the Sea Spirit City were fully blocked. There was no way they were able to escape from this place!

The despair that they had never experienced before came overwhelming them at the moment.

“Young Master... Young Master... What should we do?” The people from the Sea Spirit City were so close to cry.

Yan Hai seemed to be dumbfounded, sitting on the deck without moving even a bit with his pair of eyes wide opening.

Standing on the bow of the Night Regime’s ship, Jun Wu Xie slightly nodded her head at Zi Fei across from the two ships of the Sea Spirit City. She then looked back at the members of the Night Regime who had gotten everything ready behind her and said. “Not a single person shall be left.”

The command of annihilation had been given!

In a twinkling, countless flying claws were shot out from the ten ships, clinging tightly onto the ships of the Sea Spirit City. Within a second, the Night Regime and the Ghost Army who were all dressed in black stepped on the strings and rushed towards the ships of the Sea Spirit City.

A massacre broke out in the Sea of Death!

Qiao Chu and the others took the lead and dashed onto the deck of the Sea Spirit City’s ships. Without having any mercy towards them, they killed all the slaughterers from the Upper Realm!

There were fresh blood all around the deck while screaming and crying voices could be heard one after another.

This was the first battle started by the Night Regime and the Ghost Army in the Upper Realm, and also an omen of the beginning of the new history! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After struggling to save their own lives for a few minutes, hundreds of people from the Sea Spirit City were all massacred!

The ships of the Night Regime lay at the coast and everyone stood on the beach with the smell of blood whirling around them. The sanguinary scene on the beach too, was truly appalling.

Zi Fei stood at the coast. The heroic figure surrounded by the colour of blood was such eminent and admirable.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao walked down from the ships while looking at the wreckage that were being left on the beach by Zi Fei.

Following behind them, Fei Yan secretly touched his nose after glancing over the beach and muttered to Rong Ruo. “I feel that we’re quite extra. I didn’t know that Zi Fei is actually so strong.”

They hastily came over to help because they were worried that Zi Fei wasn’t able to fight against them since she was outnumbered, but the scene at the seaside had gotten all of them surprised.

Even if the Night Regime and the Ghost Army did not intervene in the fight, wasn’t it some simple act for Zi Fei to fool around and annihilate those people from the Sea Spirit City with the strength she got?

Jun Wu Xie had also noticed the strength Zi Fei owned. She had personally fought against Luo Qingcheng, the owner of the title of the strongest Spirit Ring in the Upper Realm. Even though she didn’t want to, she must still admit that Luo Qingcheng’s strength was considered as the peak, but it was until the moment when she saw the way Zi Fei fought, that had made her come to a realization that... there was actually a higher level of Spirit Ring above Luo Qingcheng!

With the strength Luo Qingcheng had, she might not be able to move as valiant as the way Zi Fei did.

“Thanks.” Zi Fei nodded her head to express her gratitude while looking at Jun Wu Xie and her fellow people walked towards her direction. The fact that Jun Wu Xie took part in the fight had let the battle end faster.

“Without us, you would still end them,” said Jun Wu Xie honestly. The strength of Zi Fei was far beyond her expectations. Though the woman looked soft and gentle, her strength had already surpassed Luo Qingcheng!