Chapter 2543: The Banquet of Treachery（2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Those people around them were quite surprised to see the brocade box. Even though they didn’t know what was it that was inside the box, just the brocade box alone would be enough to cost a king’s ransom. They couldn’t help but felt a little confused.

Didn’t people say that the Young Master and Yan Wan had a bad relationship with each other?

How was it that he was willing to spend so much on the present today?

But what they didn’t know was that when the moment Old He received the brocade box, the amiability that he faked on his face was so close to break apart!

With the strength Old He got, he was able to detect the thing inside the box the moment he touched the box. He could sense it very well, that there wasn’t any treasure in the box but just a stupid stone with no spirit energy at all in it! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even such insidious and cunning person like Old He couldn’t have thought that Jun Wu Xie would just take a useless stone as a birthday gift for the City Lady. Luckily he had earlier known that today’s plan had already been kept tightly in the lid, or else he would have actually thought that Jun Wu Xie had figured something out, leading her in doing such a thing on purpose to embarrass Yan Wan.

With the strongest will power he had in his entire life, Old He managed to maintain the smile on his face without letting it shred. Even so, his smile was still a little stiffened.

If it wasn’t that he knew that Jun Wu Xie was going to die in the official residence today, he would surely open the box and threw the stupid stone beside Jun Wu Xie’s foot!

For the sake of the stratagem, all Old He could do was just to welcome Jun Wu Xie and her friends into the mansion with a grinning face, but inwardly, he had already been cursing Jun Wu Xie for thousands of times!

Qiao Chu and the others who had earlier known what was the thing inside the box was secretly observing the change in Old He’s face. Though Old He had tried his best in hiding it, Qiao Chu them had still caught the momentary stiffened smile on his face with their eyes. Seeing that the old scheming dude trying to hold his anger back but still forcing a kind smile on his face, they almost couldn’t hold their laughter.

It was such a straightforward and blunt trick of Jun Wu Xie. Leave the other matters aside, they would just go and piss the damn old guy off first!

There were already full of guests who had arrived earlier before the start of the feast be seated in the official residence. Those guests were all respected high standing people in the Sea Spirit City, and also, they knew each other.

Liang Shi Shi wasn’t Yan Wan’s first wife. She had no deep background behind her. The fact that she was able to catch Yan Wan’s attention, it was just because she had a beautiful face plus she was really good at playing tricks. Before receiving the invitation letter, no one would expect Yan Wan to actually take Liang Shi Shi so seriously.

Just to know that Yan Wan had never held a birthday party for any of his former wives before. His behaviour today had truly made everyone in having a new appraisal of Liang Shi Shi’s place in Yan Wan’s heart.

Old He had led Jun Wu Xie to the seat which was located beside the main seat of the dinner. It was a very conspicuous seat, where once someone entered the official residence, he or she would immediately notice the figure of Jun Wu Xie. Everyone would then know that the Young Master who usually did not get along well with Yan Wan had also attended the event today.

But...

The fact that the son came to celebrate the birthday of his stepmother, and was arranged to sit on such an eye-catching position had given the others a rather subtle feeling. They really doubt that Jun Wu Xie would turn the table over on the spot during the feast!

With the attitude of waiting to enjoy the drama in their minds, everyone sat on their respective seats, and since there was still a period of time left before the event began, they certainly wouldn’t miss the chance to socialize with each other.

However, not a single person had the courage to go near Jun Wu Xie and speak to her. Even if they actually did think high of the Young Master, they would definitely not show it out when they were standing on the ground of Yan Wan. If not, wouldn’t they then be hated by Yan Wan?

Besides, was there even anyone who didn’t know that the relationship between the father and the son were bad?