Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2550: An Interregnum（2）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Until the moment he died, Yan Wan was still being trapped in a deep state of bewilderment. He couldn’t even have the chance to make a sound before he suddenly collapsed onto the ground with a big amount of blood splashing out from the wound on his chest, dyeing the flagstone below him red.

The colour of blood looked extremely harsh under the moonlight.

Yan Wan probably couldn’t believe all these things even before the moment he died.

Yan Wan died so suddenly that it had scared the guests who were standing by the side out of their wits. According to the rules of the Upper Realm, even if Jun Wu Xie killed Yan Wan, nobody had the right to criticize her!

With a little warmth flowing in it, the blood spattered on those people who were standing behind Yan Wan. However, at the cool night, the bits of warmth felt just as hot as the scorching iron

Old He stood the closest to Yan Wan, causing him to be showered with blood the moment when Yan Wan died. Such a sudden plot twist had gotten him, who was usually wily and scheming, to be completely dumbfounded. All he could only do was to stare dumbly at Yan Wan’s dead body, not knowing how to react.

Jun Wu Xie raised her hand slightly and called her Spirit Ring back. While looking at the dead silence in the yard, she flicked her fingertips!

Once again, the Spirit Ring shot out of her hand!

But the target this time had changed to Old He!

Old He immediately recovered from the astonishment, but he had already lost the chance to dodge it.

A plonk sound was heard! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Soundlessly, Old He fell onto the ground, with the blood below his body fusing into Yan Wan’s blood.

The entire yard was pervading with a nauseating bloody smell.

Everyone was flabbergasted. They saw it with their own eyes, that Jun Wu Xie had murdered both the strongest people in the Sea Spirit City with just a twinkling of an eye. It was such a casual stance, but with the befalling death coming along, it had snatched all the warmth of everyone at that moment.

Jun Wu Xie kept her Spirit Ring back. The Spirit Ring submerged, little by little, into her palm until it had totally disappeared without leaving a single trace, but the thick bloody smell was still swirling around her breath all the time.

It was the smell of blood that she once hated very much, and up till today, she still disliked it. With a trace of frustration, the pair of charming brows slightly furrowed.

It was just an inadvertent frown, but it had struck on the nerves of the guests who were standing in stunned in the yard. They regained their consciousness from the shock under the stimulation of the bloody smell.

All of a sudden, those people kneeled onto the ground collectively. Without having the valor to look at Jun Wu Xie, every single one of them prostrated themselves onto the ground, trembling.

“Congratulations to the succession of the City Lord!”

A shaking voice came out from the crowd, and followed by that, was a bunch of congratulating voices erupting fearfully one after another – everyone was in a state of horror. It was true that the past Yan Wan was powerful, but it wasn’t the strength that had gotten the people to be afraid of as among the seventy-two city lords, the strength of Yan Wan was just ranked at the tail end. The exact thing that had led people in fearing him was his malicious and barbaric ways in doing things, and now, the powerfulness shown by Jun Wu Xie who was standing in front of them had far surpassed the dread brought by Yan Wan to them.

The kind of powerfulness that was lying on the summit had long gone beyond everything!

Everyone was worrying whether if they were going to be the next person to face death. At this moment, all the people were busy recalling if they had ever insulted or offended the past Young Master before.

Disregarding those flatterings, Jun Wu Xie just raised her eyes and looked at the few figures that were still standing in the yard. She looked at her friends who had come together with her and her beloved who was going to stay by her side for the entire life.

From the eyes of Jun Wu Yao, she saw a deep smile.