Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2574: Walk Right into The Trap (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

A weird phenomenon suddenly appeared in the Soul World that had already been taken over by Meng Qiu.

Whenever there were a large number of traitors on the march, an eye-catching figure would always hop into their sights.

“You these bastards! If you guys got the nerves to betray, then shall you guys got the nerves to catch me! You’re all a bunch of rubbish!” Standing dauntlessly on the crest of the mountain with his legs stepping on the hard huge rock, Long Jiu pointed at the group of black armored spirit envoys who were moving halfway up the mountain. He looked a little miserable in his clothes, but there was the word “disdain” clearly written all over his face!

Every single one of those black armored spirit envoys below him was foamed with rage that even smoke began to come out from their orifices, wishing that they could drag Long Jiu down and beat his ass up!

But the strange thing was, that although Long Jiu was quite strong, his strength still couldn’t be considered as the top in the Soul World, and before this, those black armored spirit envoys had already caught numerous spirit envoys who were stronger than Long Jiu, but it was the time to face Long Jiu, all they felt was just huge helplessness.

Two days ago, Long Jiu suddenly became really “active” all around the Soul World. Wherever he appeared, not a single place was able to escape from falling into chaos because of him.

In the past during the peacetime of the Soul World, the bad-tempered and clumsy personalities of Long Jiu had often gotten himself into quite a lot of trouble, and at that time, all the spirit envoys would mostly just let out a helpless laugh, but now... after facing Long Jiu the scourge, all they wanted to do was just to toss a rock onto this idiot and crush him down! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

They had no idea where did Long Jiu learn those wretched tricks from, shooting randomly at them from a very far distance with his soul power, causing them to suffer a lot from the dispersed flying attacks. But till the moment when they began to take the counter and attack Long Jiu, this fella would actually run away, faster than anyone else, as if he had applied oil under his foot!!

“Damn it! This fella has been staying in the Three Realms for such a long time, what the hell has he learned! Is he going to fight or not!!” The black armored spirit envoys had been running and chasing after Long Jiu for quite a distance to the point that they almost coughed their blood out. Standing on the mountainside while glaring at Long Jiu who was acting wildly on the top of the mountain, flame almost spurted out from their eyes.

Qin Song too, had gone to the Three Realms but there wasn’t much effort needed for them to capture him. In the entire Soul World, for all the spirit envoys who were unwilling to give in, which one of them that didn’t they use only little effort to capture? But when it was Long Jiu who they were going to face, they suddenly had the urge to gnash their teeth.

The thinking of the soul entity in the Soul World was relatively simple. Most of them would fight face to face with each other, and they seldom escaped from the battle, which was also the very last dignity of theirs.

However, when it came to Long Jiu, once he noticed that they started to show their stances in chasing after him, he would then run away, even faster than the rabbit, and don’t even bother to mention the fight!

After Long Jiu had pulled his distance slightly away from those spirit envoys, he would halt his steps and once again poured scorn on them. Listening to the way he spat out the filthy words, it almost shredded their cognition of lives.

“You idiots! Are you tired? Just come after me if you have the guts to! You bastards! Do you think that I’m afraid of you! You’re just a bunch of idiots, don’t think that you are going to catch me!!” Standing in the wind, Long Jiu pointed at those black armored spirit envoys who were chasing after him and shouted scornfully at them while withstanding the strong wind that was blowing onto his face. When he was staying in the Three Realms, he and Qiao Chu had become “buddies”, and it was all thanks to that, as both the two people had done nothing except for learning the essence of the methods to disdain people in the Three Realms. In the daily life, Long Jiu wouldn’t have the guts to speak those nasty words, but now, since Jun Wu Xie had given him the permission to do so, he could curse whatever he wanted to and it would be all fine!

The more filthier he cursed, the better it was!

How could those black armored spirit envoys who were born and raised in the Soul World were able to fight against Long Jiu in such things? Everyone was so angry that their faces went green.