Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2595: Breaking the Seal (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

After the tacit agreement was reached, the vines of Poison Ivy entered into Meng Qiu’s soul the exact moment that Blood Velvet buried his roots into the Spirit Tree.

The situation was easy to control for Poison Ivy, but it was not the case for Blood Velvet. Immediately after entering the Spirit Tree, he almost fainted due to the powerful soul force of the Spirit Tree!

Fortunately, Crystal Orchid was prepared, and stabilized Blood Velvet’s body in time, hence the roots of the Blood Velvet were not separated from the Spirit Tree.

Even though the Spirit Tree was sealed at this moment, the power it contained was not something that any soul could bear. The Blood Velvet could only feel powerful surges of soul power constantly passed through his roots, which were buried in the Spirit Tree, to his whole body; the power was strong but very gentle, if not, his body would have exploded the moment he buried his roots into the Spirit Tree!

That being the case, the Blood Velvet’s forehead was already covered with a thin layer of sweat, and beads of sweat trailed down his white cheeks. The usual banter and jokes in his expressions had long vanished like a puff of smoke. In his eyes instead, a never-seen-before expression of seriousness and caution.

“You go help him.” Jun Wu Yao saw that Blood Velvet was exerting strenuous effort, as he said quietly to Jun Wu Xie.

“Me?” There was some doubt in Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Yao said, “The Blood Velvet is your Ring Spirit, and he is connected to your soul. With his strength alone, he can’t resist the power of the Spirit Tree. You need to pass your soul power onto him. Using him as a guide and send your soul power into the Spirit Tree.”

The Spirit Tree was the source of all souls, even if it did not have any aggressiveness, the vast power, like that of the ocean, would make any intruder implode. The strength of Blood Velvet was already top-notch among the Wood Spirits, and his attributes and soul were similar to that of the Spirit Tree, otherwise he would not be able to maintain until now.

However, Jun Wu Yao discovered that the situation of Blood Velvet was worsening. If it continued, Blood Velvet would not be able to support that moment when they removed the knot.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly and she walked to the side of Blood Velvet, under the guidance of Jun Wu Yao, she put a hand on the shoulder of Blood Velvet as she slowly released her soul power. Using Blood Velvet as a medium, she guided her soul power into the Spirit Tree. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

However, just as her soul power touched the Spirit Tree, Jun Wu Xie’s mind suddenly blanked out; and the tremendous power was like a galaxy. The soul power that she exported was poured back into her mind!

Jun Wu Xie felt like her brain was going to explode in the next second as the tremendous force continued to pour in!

After blanking out in her mind, it was followed very quickly by a short and fragmentary picture that flashed in her mind!

There were fragments of memory, but there were also some images that she had never experienced before. The pictures were like lightning. They flashed quickly in her mind. The speed was too fast and the number was so large that Jun Wu Xie couldn’t capture a single thing!

Jun Wu Xie’s subconsciously wanted to stabilise her mind, but in the next second, everything in front of her eyes disappeared, and in an instant it suddenly fell into darkness!

When the darkness disappeared, everything in front of her eyes was so weird.

In the midst of chaos, two young children were sitting in the muddy haze and looking up at her.

The eyes of the two children turned out to be so weird.

A pair of golden eyes, a pair of purple eyes!