Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2598: Fragments of the Soul (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

In the meantime, it was so cold all around, he was at a loss and did not dare to move.

Until...

A pair of gentle hands, hugged him from the cold ground.

He saw a delicate but cold face. It was a beautiful woman. The pure black eyes were as shiny as black diamonds, but they did not contain a trace of warmth. It was only that pair of hands that held some warmth.

The golden-eyed child was crying, the beautiful woman held him in her arms, but there was no expression on her face. When the golden-eyed child’s nose blew a big bubble of snot, the corners of her mouth lifted slightly.

It was a very shallow smile, so slight that it was almost undetectable.

But it was that faint smile that made his heart jerked. He could never in his lifetime erase that face from his soul.

As he and the golden-eyed child grew up day by day, there were no creatures around them except for the beautiful woman. The surrounding was still chaotic. Only one cabin accommodated the three of them.

The golden-eyed child laughed all day, and began to learn how to use the method the woman taught him to make a variety of small things.

But his heart couldn’t hold anything, a pair of eyes were always staring at her.

The woman rarely laughed, except for the smile that she had when she first met them, he never saw her laughing again.

Time seemed so vague in the chaos. He didn’t know how long had passed, each day he grew taller and taller still; from looking up at her, meeting her eyes at the level, and then bowing slightly. The pair of warm hands that once held him in her arms became so petite.

The woman talked a lot with him and the golden-eyed child, she taught them, and used their powers to create new creatures.

Gradually, he was not just looking at her from behind, he wanted to be closer to her, he no longer wanted to be taken care of like a child.

On that day, he held onto her and asked her if she could be with him forever.

It was the first time he saw a strange look on the woman’s face, and there was a trace of trouble floating in her eyes, without the joy he expected. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The woman did not respond to his request, and the days seemed to continue.

Until one day, when he awoke from his sleep and pushed open the woman’s door, he could no longer find that piece of memory.

She... had disappeared.

She completely disappeared from his life, no matter how he looked, he could not find any clues.

He could not accept her departure, but in desperation he remembered her words. She taught them to build a new world. This might be her wish.

He looked forward to completing it himself. If and when she appeared again, she, together with him and the golden-eyed child could build a new world and a new life.

Mountains, rivers, lakes, forests, and the pictures she once painted, he realized them one by one.

But she still didn’t appear. .

Seeking and yearning, repeated dreams at night, he always remembered the warm hands which embraced him in a warm hug.

The golden-eyed child had grown up and he proposed to build a race that belonged to them both.

The golden-eyed man built a handsome man with his own hand bone, but he locked himself in the room, opened his chest, and removed the rib closest to the heart, and according to his memory made a copy in her likeness.