Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2599: Fragments of the Soul (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

He named the little girl who he created with the same name as hers.

He strictly demanded that the girl grow according to everything that was related to her, but as the girl eventually grew up, she was far different from the woman in his memory.

Nonetheless, he was still acting stubborn, thinking that the little girl was her. He caressed the little girl so much, treating her as the most important younger sister of his. All he wished was that this tiny little girl wouldn’t, once again, disappear. Even if there was only a tiny bit of similarity between both of them, he could still find her reflection from the girl. He told everything about her to the girl, as if he had made the girl his sustenance, whereas the little girl too, had become the one and only existence to connect her heart with his, making her the only one to know about the depression which he suppressed within him.

As time flowed, his temperament became really moody. Everything that existed in the world looked so boring in his eyes. He created them, but at the same time, he destroyed them. In an almost revengeful attitude, he wanted to sabotage the world which he built according to her preferences.

The woman he deeply loved was gone, so did the little girl who he was attached to. He had lost all his nostalgia for everything in this world, and at last, everything returned to the darkness.

When Jun Wu Yao woke from the darkness, the pain was still radiating from his chest, as if he had fallen into the chasm of despair. It felt so painful to the point that it almost suffocated him.

It seemed like he was able to clearly feel himself in the ambience, suffering from the wretchedness after the icy woman disappeared, and also the depression he went through after his younger sister who he found sustenance in died. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The one he loved had disappeared forever, and the only one family of his had also left him, there was no longer anything left for him to care about in this world...

While being in a trance, Jun Wu Yao opened his eyes big and a face which was exactly the same as the face he saw in his illusion came into his eyes. It was just that compared to the face in his illusion, the cold lady in his eyes looked slightly younger.

“Little... Xie...” Frowned, Jun Wu Yao seemed to find the same puzzlement that he had, in the bottom of Jun Wu Xie’s eyes.

It seemed like she too... had seen something that wasn’t supposed to be appearing.

Without speaking a word, Jun Wu Xie was just staring at Jun Wu Yao. After quite a long time, she asked, “What did you see?”

Jun Wu Yao was stunned. What did he see?

He had no idea about it. Every single one of those scenes was so unfamiliar to him, but... they were so real.

“No matter what those are, they are all meaningless to us.” Jun Wu Yao let in a deep breath as he forced the inexplicable emotion inside him down. He didn’t care whether if those things that had happened in the illusion were authentic or not, or whether if they had actually existed before, not at all. For him, he was just Jun Wu Yao and she was just Jun Wu Xie. He existed because of her, she was his wife, and that was it.

There was nothing more to do with anything else!

Jun Wu Xie suddenly raised a soft light smile on her face. As she slowly put her hand down, the perplexity that had been pervading in her eyes disappeared at the moment, with the calmness and tranquility that she once had emerging again from her eyes at the same moment.

It was because of the Spirit Tree that they saw those scenes. Jun Wu Xie could vaguely notice that the Spirit Tree was trying to guide them into something, but what was its intention in doing so? Jun Wu Xie had no way to know. It was true that those messy pictures were astounding, but... what did it have to do with them?

All she knew was that she was Jun Wu Xie, while him, Jun Wu Yao, was her husband.

No matter what had happened in their previous lives, the only thing that mattered to them was now, the present life.