Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2602: The Spirit Tree (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Both Qin Song and Long Jiu still had the cuffs on them, but it seemed like they had already forgotten their plight, and were just looking at the Spirit Tree in front of them with their eyes widening.

However, the group of black armored spirit envoys who were standing behind them were all panic-stricken to the point that their souls almost flew away. When they saw Meng Qiu who had fallen onto the ground, an ominous premonition suddenly arose in their minds!

It was over!

Everything was over!

Not even having the time to think about any other things, those black armored spirit envoys threw Qin Song and Long Jiu down right away and broke into a crazy sprint!

Meng Qiu lost!

The Contemporaneous Knot on the Spirit Tree had been removed!

What kind of ending were them, the traitors, going to face?

The fact that Meng Qiu was able to incite such a large number of spirit envoys to betray the Spirit Tree was mainly because he had sealed off the energy of the Spirit Tree. Due to their fears for the powerfulness of the Spirit Tree, those soul entities who had their dark sides hidden in their minds had no choice but to suppress their lusts and desires.

After the Spirit Tree was sealed by Meng Qiu, their very last scruple had also disappeared, not even a bit of trace was left inside them. While facing the lures given by Meng Qiu and the Upper Realm, without hesitating, they chose to betray the Spirit Tree and the Soul World.

However, the Spirit Tree they had once afraid of had now regained its strong power. To them, this meant that their schemes would all be destroyed!

With the screams came one after another, the black armored spirit envoys scattered and ran for their lives, as if they would be punished by the wrath of the Spirit Tree if they escaped even a second slower.

Only Qin Song and Long Jiu were left standing dumb at their places, staring at the paramount faith of theirs.

“The Spirit Tree... You’ve recovered... You’ve really recovered...” Qin Song widened his eyes. During the moment when he saw Long Jiu being caught into the Soul Prison, he was inwardly terrified, and since both of them were locked up separately, he had no way to ask Long Jiu what had actually happened.

Even when they were brought to the Spirit Tree’s place by the black armored spirit envoys just now, he had absolutely zero chance to talk with Long Jiu along the way. All he could vaguely notice was that Long Jiu didn’t seem to be as pessimistic as the way he thought he would be, leading him in thinking that Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao had actually planned to move a step more forwards in dealing with the problem, but he couldn’t have thought that...

He would actually receive such a surprise!

The Spirit Tree had actually recovered!

At the moment, there wasn’t any words that was able to express Qin Song’s excitement!

Long Jiu’s reaction was way more straight forward then Qin Song’s. After staring at the Spirit Tree in stunned for quite a while, Long Jiu let out a wail and straight off thud himself down on the ground. He, a fully grown man, had actually burst into a rage of tears like a little kid while sitting on the floor.

“Boohoo... Spirit Tree... You... You’ve fina-... finally... Boohoo...”

The crying sound of Long Jiu could even shake the ground and scared the ghosts away, that even Qin Song was pulled back from the shock by his cry. Qin Song looked in the direction of Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao who were standing together aside. Even though there was a trace of sourness inside him, it was then covered by the joy. Looking genuinely at Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao, he said, “Thank you... Thank you so much... I-... I really didn’t expect that...”

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao had really saved the Spirit Tree!

There was hope for the Soul World!

Briefly, Jun Wu Xie nodded at Qin Song. Qin Song and Long Jiu had helped her before in the Dark Region, it was reasonable for her to do these things for them. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Qin Song was trying hard to force his happiness down, but the moment his gaze touched Meng Qiu who was sitting aside, the gladness in his eyes immediately dimmed.