Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2616: Soul Ascending Altar (1)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

After Qin Song and Long Jiu released the Spirit Envoys, they were ready to accompany Jun Wu Xie and the others to the Soul Ascending Altar. However, amongst those Spirit Envoys who were locked up, there was a Spirit Envoy who once guarded the Soul Ascending Altar, and upon hearing that Jun Wu Xie and friends wanted to go there, that Spirit Envoy immediately tensed.

“Do you really want to go to the Soul Ascending Altar?” The Spirit Envoy stared widely at Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly.

Qin Song noticed the strange behaviour of the Spirit Envoy, and immediately asked: “Is there something strange going on at the Soul Ascending Altar?”

The Spirit Envoy replied, “Miss Jun conveyed the instructions of the Spirit Tree, that the enemy is still in Soul World. I used to guard the Soul Ascending Altar. When Meng Qiu brought the insurgents to attack, I was there when we were arrested, but the insurgents were not Spirit Envoys of the Soul World. They seem like they came from the Upper Realm.”

The words of the Spirit Envoy immediately aroused alarm in Jun Wu Xie.

Qin Song continued rapidly questioning the Spirit Envoy; he did not dare hide and told them everything he knew.

When he and his companions were arrested, they were not taken to the Soul Prison straightaway. Instead, they were detained for several days at the Soul Ascending Altar. It was during those days that he found out the people who took over the Soul Ascending Altar were the souls from the Upper Realm.

“How many of them are there?” Qin Song was slightly shocked. He and Longjiu were in a hurry when they returned to the Soul World, so they didn’t have time to go to the Soul Ascending Altar to check on the situation, but they did not expect that the army from the Upper Realm would actually be at the Soul Ascending Altar!

The Spirit Envoy shook his head. “I didn’t see clearly and I didn’t count them. They arrived one after another. When I was taken to the Soul Prison, their troops were incomplete, but I estimate not less than tens of thousands of people.”

Tens of thousands?!

Qin Song was shocked.

“My grandmother! That group of bastards better not leave! The fire in my stomach has been burning for so long, and it’s just as well that these Upper Realm bastards are here so that I can beat them up!” Long Jiu was already rolling up his sleeves and getting ready for a big battle.

Qin Song glanced at the impulsive Long Jiu, and shook his head helplessly.

“Since the Upper Realm dare to send people over, it will definitely not be an ordinary role. We still don’t understand their strengths. We must not act rashly. It is not important whether we win or lose. But if they cause a mess in the Soul World and hurt the Spirit Tree, then the loss outweighs any gain.” Qin Song replied.

Once they started fighting, it would be a big battle in the Soul World. They were not afraid of war, but they didn’t want to let the other party have the opportunity to destroy the Spirit Tree.

Long Jiu, after being told off by Qin Song, calmed himself down.

“I am afraid that this battle is inevitable.” Jun Wu Yao raised his eyebrows. “Meng Qiu is dead, the Soul Prison has been broken. Those black armoured Spirit Envoys cannot not know that they no longer have a leader. They will definitely go to the Upper Realm for help. And those from the Upper Realm will know sooner or later.”

Qin Song’s thoughts were very good, but in Jun Wu Yao’s opinion, it was too conservative. This war was inevitable in any case. Instead of waiting for the people from the Upper Realm to be fully prepared, it was better to launch a surprise attack and defeat them by surprise.

“That...” Qin Song was hesitant. He hadn’t participated in any major wars after all.

“Leave it to us.” Jun Wu Xie suddenly spoke, her father was on the Soul Ascending Altar, this battle, she must participate!