Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2617: Soul Ascending Altar (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

There were so many wars that Jun Wu Xie and Jun have participated in, and they knew how to control the situation in front of them.

Qin Song nodded and immediately organized the rescued Spirit Envoys, and handed the command over to Jun Wu Yao and Jun Wu Xie. The number of Spirit Envoys which were assigned to the Spirit Tree more than doubled.

At the same time, the black armoured Spirit Envoys had fled upon learning of Meng Qiu’s demise. In their horror to escape, they had fled toward the Soul Ascending Altar just as Jun Wu Yao had predicted.

At the Soul Ascending Altar, Yan Xi frowned as she looked at the black armoured Spirit Envoys kneeling on the ground. Her gentle face held a trace of anger. Those black armoured Spirit Envoys narrated in anguish everything that had happened in the Soul World. They were now so easily frightened that their faces were all white with fear.

“What a bunch of trash!” Yan Xi screamed in dismay, turned and walked into the main hall behind her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the main hall, that particular fragrance pervaded, Jun Gu sat on the seat of honour, his eyes were calm.

Yan Xi looked at the handsome face of Jun Gu, her troubled heart became a little calmer, but her brow was furrowed.

“What happened outside? Why is it so noisy?” Jun Gu looked up at Yan Xi. The cries of black armoured Spirit Envoys outside made his head, which was initially quite groggy, swell with pain.

Yan Xi stepped forward and said: “Meng Qiu that idiot is dead.”

“Oh? Someone in the Soul World killed him?” Jun Gu raised his eyebrows slightly, Meng Qiu’s strength could be said to be the most outstanding in Soul World, which was why His Lord chose to cooperate with Meng Qiu. Meng Qiu had come to Soul Ascending Altar a few days before and asked when the Blood Sacrifice Array could begin, and how did he get killed today?

The three-day period has passed, and matter of sacrifice has been prepared. It will start soon. However, no one expected trouble to turn up now.

“Do you know who did it?” Jun Gu’s brows were wrinkled. With Meng Qiu dead, they would lose control of their firm grasp of the Soul World; which was not good news for them.

Yan Xi’s face became even more unsightly, and she said after a moment of silence: “It’s Ye Jue.”

Jun Gu was slightly shocked.

“Ye Jue?”

The name of Ye Jue was of great significance to the Upper Realm.

“Isn’t he locked up in the Upper Realm? How can he appear in Soul World?” Jun Gu could not help but had some doubts. He had never seen the legendary Ye Jue, he had just heard of the name from His Lord. This person was related to the success or failure of the Blood Sacrifice Array, which was the main focus of the Upper Realm.

Yan Xi shook her head. “Not long ago, a woman from the Lower Realm provoked Luo Qingcheng. That person possesses a Soul Bone. She made Luo Qingcheng bring Ye Jue to the Lower Realm. His Lord agreed, however, I heard that Luo Qingcheng was defeated, and Ye Jue had also escaped. Thus, His Lord wants us complete the Blood Array Sacrifice as soon as possible.”

Jun Gu was a bit stunned, “The people in the Lower Realm provoked Luo Qingcheng?”

Although Jun Gu and Luo Qingcheng did not have much contact, but he knew the strength of Luo Qingcheng. With the great disparity between the Lower Realm and Upper Realm, it was almost a fantasy to defeat Luo Qingcheng.

“Who is that?” An involuntary hint of curiosity rose within Jun Gu.

“I heard it is someone called Jun Wu Xie.”

“Jun...Wu Xie...” Unknowingly, when Jun Gu heard the name, a sudden blurry image flashed in his mind. His expression was slightly stunned as if something had flashed through his heart. But it was so quick that he was unable to capture it.