Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2626: Father and Daughter (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Gu!!

When Jun Wu Xie heard the two words, it was as if a strong punch had hit her straight in her heart, causing the last bit of puzzlement that was left in her heart to completely disappear at the moment.

It was the same face, the same name, and even the age was exactly the same as the age when Jun Gu passed away. No matter how much Jun Wu Xie wanted to doubt it, the words of the Spirit Tree came lingering in her mind.

She thought what the Spirit Tree meant was that her father was imprisoned in the Soul Ascending Altar, but it had never occurred to her that... the reunion of both the father and the daughter would actually happen in such a way.

“You are... Jun Gu?” asked Jun Wu Xie in a soft voice. It seemed like even she herself was unable to believe such a “coincidence”.

“Yes.” Casually, Jun Gu responded.

Even in the face of his foes, he was still behaving so calmly and elegantly.

Jun Wu Xie could still remember that this was exactly what she had heard from Jun Qing when he was describing Jun Gu, that no matter how worse the situation he was dealing with, he was always calm and steady, with a faint smile hanging on his face all the time.

He was once the faith and the spirit of the Rui Lin Army, Jun Gu, the man with the title of the Charming Ashura!

Jun Wu Yao was totally confused. The current situation had truly caught him off guard.

While looking at Jun Gu, Jun Wu Xie suddenly took a step forward. Her clear eyes were slightly widening but the killing intent was no longer there.

The gaze had gotten Jun Gu to be in a trance.

“You are Jun Gu...” Jun Wu Xie murmured, as if it was the only belief in her mind.

“You know me?” Jun Gu looked at Jun Wu Xie, not understanding why his will to fight would actually fade away soundlessly. While watching Jun Wu Xie walked step by step closer to him, Jun Gu couldn’t raise his hand and launch any attack.

Somehow, there seemed to be a voice admonishing him to not take any action and hurt the maiden in front of him.

“Young lady, who are you?” Jun Gu looked at Jun Wu Xie with a question suddenly arose in his mind.

Jun Wu Xie paused her step and looked at Jun Gu who was only three steps away from her.

“I-... I’m Jun Wu Xie... The Jun Wu Xie from the Lin Palace.” With her voice turning a little depressing, Jun Wu Xie fixed her eyes onto Jun Gu, trying to search for even a tiny little reminiscent point from his eyes.

However, there was just a plain bewilderment on Jun Gu’s face. It was only when he heard the name “Jun Wu Xie” that the expression on his face changed slightly.

“Oh, so you are Jun Wu Xie, the little guy who actually has the nerves to provoke Luo Qingcheng, but in terms of strength, you do have the right to do so.” The smile of Jun Gu became really soft and gentle. He didn’t know why but he just simply couldn’t harbor any bellicosity towards the young little lady in front of him.

“Don’t you remember?” Jun Wu Xie stunned.

Her name was taken by Jun Gu and her mother. It was already confirmed before she was even born. If it was true that the person standing in front of her eyes was Jun Gu, why wouldn’t he remember anything?

“What’s the thing that I don’t remember?” Jun Gu looked confusingly at Jun Wu Xie. He had totally no idea what was she talking about.

“Don’t you remember me? Or the Lin Palace? Have you forgotten everything?” Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Gu in misery. She was now almost certain that the person in front of her was her father who she had been looking hard for for many years. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But...

He seemed to remember nothing, and even the costume he wore was the light armor which belonged to the military of the Upper Realm.

They had a father and daughter relationship, but now, they were standing against each other!