Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2629: Resistance (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Wu Yao!” Jun Wu Xie turned her head and looked at Jun Wu Yao.

The figure of Jun Wu Yao flashed across the battlefield. The moment he came beside Jun Wu Xie, he held her in his arms. With a kick on the ground, he flew away from the battlefield while carrying Jun Wu Xie and straight off flew towards Yan Xi!

The green light on the Soul Ascending Altar had reached its strongest brightness. The green light that was shrouding the entire Soul Mountain suddenly burst with a glaring light at the moment!

A valiant energy spread out of the whole mountain, forcibly pulling Jun Wu Yao who was flying in the mid air into a huge soul eddy!

Even Jun Wu Yao wasn’t able to withstand the strong spiritual pressure released during the moment when the Soul Sacrificing Event was almost done. For a moment, Jun Wu Xie who he protected in his arms felt so dizzy and lightheaded, as if something was going to be stripped off from her soul!

In the moment of chaos, Jun Wu Xie opened her eyes arduously. However, she could only watch the figures of Yan Xi and Jun Gu getting further and further away...

Father...

Jun Gu was dragged away by Yan Xi. Instinctively, he wanted to resist, but due to the severe pain in his head, he didn’t even have the energy to stand properly.

“Lord Jun Gu, you’ll be alright. I’ll bring you back... back to meet His Lord. His Lord knows what to do, and soon, you’ll be alright.” With her teeth clenched, Yan Xi murmured as her hatred towards Jun Wu Xie got thicker and thicker. It didn’t matter to her who Jun Gu once was, but for the Jun Gu now, no one else could snatch him away from her, not even Lord Jun Gu himself! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yan Xi turned her head and looked at the light above the Soul Mountain. With a trace of malice flashing across her eyes, she crumbled the badge on her chest all of a sudden and physically tore open a passage which was connected to the Upper Realm in the Soul World. While bringing along Jun Gu together with her, she escaped into the passage!

After Yan Xi and Jun Gu entered the passage, the entrance of the passage closed instantly, causing the chaotic Soul World to be completely sealed off!

Under the Soul Mountain, all the spirit envoys who had gotten their freedom back had sunk into a huge torment. Their soul powers were flowing rapidly away from them, and their bodies were turning transparent in the most possible fastest speed!

The light had covered the entire Soul World, and there wasn’t any soul entity in the Soul World who was lucky enough to be spared from the light. Even those soldiers from the Upper Realm who had the badges worn on their costumes had fallen into a tremendous torture due to the strong Soul Sacrificing Event. The badges which they wore on their chest broke apart one after another. They could no longer fight. Painfully hollering, every single one of them collapsed and fell onto the ground. The pain that they brought to all the spirit envoys in the Soul World was now appended onto them with no exceptions.

Even Drunk Lotus and the rest of them had been greatly affected. With an extremely horrible expression on their faces, they knelt on the ground, trembling.

While holding Jun Wu Xie in his arms, Jun Wu Yao released his dark spirit non-stop to resist the power produced from the Soul Sacrificing event, but there was an ominous premonition came climbing onto his heart.

The Soul Sacrificing Event wouldn’t bring any damage to him and Jun Wu Xie, the otherworldly souls, but once the event was done, the array of the Blood Sacrifice of Three Realms would start to function. The critical point in conducting the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms was to use an otherworldly soul as the medium. Hence, wherever they escaped to, as long as they were in the Three Realms, they would never break free from the Blood Sacrifice!

He was an otherworldly soul, so was Jun Wu Xie. If the Soul Sacrificing Event got to be fully carried out, then... he and Jun Wu Xie would definitely be sacrificed!

Just at the moment when the entire Soul World had come to a dead end, a beam of gold ray shone from the place of the Spirit Tree!

The gold light had formed an opposing power under the mantle of the green light. Countless sparkles drifted into the air from the leaves of the Spirit Tree, making a gold aureole which eliminated the power released during the Soul Sacrificing Event bit by bit.