Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2633: Temporary Safety (2)

Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Little Jun girl... What happened?” Long Jiu did not notice the meaning of Jun Wu Yao’s words, but looked at Jun Wu Xie worriedly.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Long Jiu and shook her head faintly. It was not that she didn’t want to speak, but she had no more strength left.

The Soul Sacrifice Array prepared by the Upper Realm was to sacrifice all the souls of the Soul World and a spell that needed a sacrifice of 999,000 souls. How powerful was it?

It seemed easy enough for Jun Wu Xie to destroy it on her own, but its destructive nature was unknown. If the Spirit Tree had not helped, even if Jun Wu Xie could stop the Soul Sacrifice Array, her soul might have been torn away by the power of the spell.

Now, she was able to retain her life and it was all thanks to the Spirit Tree seed that had melded with her soul.

“Little Xie ruined the Soul Sacrifice Array, now her soul is very unstable. I want to take her to see the Spirit Tree.” Jun Wu Yao’s brows were furrowed. If it was possible, he would have rather replaced Jun Wu Xie is resolving that Soul Sacrifice Array.

Jun Wu Yao’s words shocked Long Jiu. They stared unblinkingly at Jun Wu Xie, and were unable to believe that she alone could destroy the Soul Sacrifice Array, which threatened to swallow the whole Soul World!

Qin Song was also shocked, but amidst his shock, his heart was seized with pain. He forced down the painful wave which should not exist, and made a calm decision: “This time, thank you Miss Jun and the Lord Ye Jue. Please come with us, we will escort you to see the Spirit Tree.”

Jun Wu Yao nodded.

A group of Spirit Envoys turned extremely quiet at this moment, and they followed behind Jun Wu Yao and escorted Jun Wu Xie hurriedly to the Spirit Tree.

In fact, their position was also very close to the Soul Ascending Altar. After the Soul Sacrifice Array was destroyed, the souls of these Spirit Envoys were still weak, but they were in a much better condition than Jun Wu Xie.

Along the way, Long Jiu was constantly watching Jun Wu Xie with worry, he had wanted to say some comforting words but when he saw the pale face of Jun Wu Xie, he dared not say anything.

Soon, the group came to where the Spirit Tree is.

But when they saw the Spirit Tree, all the Spirit Envoys were stunned.

The huge and lush Spirit Tree had lost its vitality.

The green leaves have been replaced by the yellow, and the leaves were falling with the wind, scattered on the ground...

“Spirit... Spirit Tree...” Long Jiu was stunned as he looked at the Spirit Tree which was gradually withering, with a loud bang in his brain, he suddenly fell on the ground full of dead leaves.

Qin Song took a step backwards in panic. He had never dreamed that this could happen but within just half a day, the Spirit Tree turned out like this!

Even when the Spirit Tree was sealed by the knot, it never turned haggard like so.

Now just looking at it, the Spirit Tree seem like it was walking towards death.

Jun Wu Yao took a look at the Spirit Tree in front of him, and he was stunned. He knew that in order to fight against the tremendous power of the Soul Sacrifice Array, the Spirit Tree had to pay a certain price, but he did not expect that such a contribution was more serious than he had expected!

“Spirit Tree!!” A group of Spirit Envoys couldn’t believe what they saw at the moment. They shouted with sorrow and ran to the Spirit Tree at the fastest speed. They wanted to reach out and touch its thick trunk, but just a gentle caress caused the bark on the trunk of the Spirit Tree to fall like a crumbling wall...