Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2635: Temporary Safety（4）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The weakening of the Spirit Tree had made the heartstrings of Jun Wu Xie tighten. Although they had just met once, the Spirit Tree had still intervened into this matter and rescued everything at the most crucial moment of the Soul Sacrificing Event. Jun Wu Xie believed that even if the entire Soul World was sacrificed, with the strength the Spirit Tree got, it was not difficult for it to keep itself safe. After all, it was much easier to use the power which it had used to destroy the Soul Sacrificing Event to protect itself.

Even if the Soul World was demolished, as long as the Spirit Tree still existed, it could still rebuild another Soul World and create more souls.

However, instead of doing such a thing, it had chosen to sacrifice itself to protect the entire Soul World and those spirit envoys who were always loyal and faithful to it.

Though there was the weeping voice of the spirit envoys echoing beside Jun Wu Xie’s ears, it was exceedingly calm inside her. This was the choice made by the Spirit Tree – it was willing to do anything for the sake of the spirit envoys who it valued so much. Such feeling wasn’t unfamiliar to Jun Wu Xie. If she was the Spirit Tree, she too, would make the same choice to protect the people who she cared for.

It was just that...

Jun Wu Xie lowered her eyes down. She really did not want the Spirit Tree to die.

At the moment when all the spirit envoys were grieving, one of the vines that was hanging on the Spirit Tree suddenly moved a bit, but it was this one tiny movement that had caused all the eyes of the spirit envoys to instantly lit up. It was as if those despairing souls had once again caught the light of hope.

All spirit envoys had their mouths shut at the moment, not having the courage to make even a sound. All their eyes were focusing on the vine which was slowly moving upwards.

At last, the vine landed between Jun Wu Xie’s brows.

Once again, the voice of the Spirit Tree appeared in Jun Wu Xie’s mind. It was still such a gentle and serene voice. However, there were too much of weariness and debility in the voice. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Thanks, little lady.”

There was a trace of smile heard in the tired voice of the Spirit Tree.

“Are you going to die?” With her brows slightly frowning, Jun Wu Xie felt indescribably depressed.

“Not yet,” said the Spirit Tree slowly. It was just a simple sentence with only two words, but it had caused Jun Wu Xie to feel a sense of relief.

“The power of the Soul Sacrificing Event is too strong, and there’s no way that an ordinary soul is able to resist it. You shouldn’t risk your life here as you’ve something more important to deal with. I’m the one who has created the Soul World, and there are my kids staying here, so I’m responsible for protecting them. Tell them, that I’m alright. It’s just that I’ve used up too much of my energy, and I need some time to recuperate from the damage.”

The words of the Spirit Tree had made Jun Wu Xie let out a sigh of relief, but the following things mentioned by the Spirit Tree had once again gotten her nerves tightened!

“The Upper Realm will not give up the Blood Sacrifice of the Three Realms so easily. If they aren’t able to capture Ye Jue and find the soul bone, they will still do something to the Soul World. In order to prevent them from continuing into the Soul World, I’ll be isolating the entire Soul World for a period of time in the future. It will take all my energy to seal off the Soul World and I’ll then sink into a deep sleep. Little lady, I hope that I’ll be able to see a brand new Upper Realm the moment I wake up. I believe in you, and I also believe in Ye Jue.”

Although the Soul Sacrificing Event which was conducted by the Upper Realm had been destroyed, but as long as the Soul World still existed, the Soul Sacrificing Event could still be carried out again, and the millions of soul entities in the Soul World would forever be the targets of the Upper Realm. The Spirit Tree had no choice but to block off the entire Soul World to avoid the invasion of the Upper Realm.

The past Spirit Tree would never make such a tough action, but after experiencing the calamity this time, it had fully understood that it was impossible for it to just watch the spirit envoys who it created being sacrificed, and thus, it could only use it own ways to protect these “kids” who it cared for so much.