Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2636: Temporary Safety（5）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

This was also a last resort. Once the Soul World was closed, it meant that there would be no new souls born into the Three Realms. There would be no newborns. The Reincarnation Oath would be completely sealed and completely isolated from the Three Realms.

This decision of the Spirit Tree was no longer related to just the Soul World, but the whole of the Three Realms!

However, Jun Wu Xie was clear that the decision of the Spirit Tree was wise. The Upper Realm could sneak into the Spirit World once, they could sneak in a second time. After finding out the situation of the Soul World, even if there was no betrayal like what Meng Qiu did, they would have done whatever they could to achieve their goals!

“If you exhaust the power to seal off Soul World, then what else can support the whole Soul World?” Jun Wu Xie’s brow was slightly wrinkled. If she remembered correctly, the Soul World was the same as the Spirit World; it existed because of the strong spiritual support.

It was the Spirit Lord who supported the Spirit World, and the Spirit Tree supported the Soul World!

If the Spirit Tree used all its power to seal off the Soul World, then... what kind of power could support the Soul World for it to continue to exist?

The Spirit Tree did not immediately answer Jun Wu Xie, a vine touched her brow and gave off a touch of golden light. Jun Wu Xie subconsciously closed her eyes, feeling the light enter through her brow and sank deeply into her soul...

Within her soul, a little golden light was hidden in the darkness, but when the power from the Spirit Tree resonated with it, it caused that little golden light to be increasingly resplendent!

Jun Wu Xie was slightly shocked!

The golden light in her soul was the seed of the Spirit Tree. The seed had been integrated with her soul for many years, but it was still only a large bean. However, at this moment, under nourishment from the Spirit Tree, the seed grew quietly, gradually growing into a young and tender tree; using her soul as soil as it quietly grew.

Although far less grand than the Spirit Tree, but it had begun to exude the purest spiritual power.

“As long as you are still here, it is still here, the Soul World will not disappear.” The voice of the Spirit Tree echoed in the mind of Jun Wu Xie. That time when it allowed Jun Wu Yao to take away the seed, originally it was because it wanted to leave a successor for itself, even if the Spirit Tree fell, that seed would have replaced it and became the new Spirit Tree to continue nurturing new souls.

Only a slight deviation occurred in the Spirit Tree’s plan; it did not think that this seed would have completely integrate with Jun Wu Xie’s soul, and both could no longer be separated. Hence, this seed could no longer be planted in Soul World to be grown into a new Spirit Tree.

But...

It could replace the role of the Spirit Tree in another way, and the key to all this was Jun Wu Xie!

It was just that the Spirit Tree didn’t mean to tell Jun Wu Xie any of this, the world’s reincarnation was fixed, it was looking forward to a miracle.

After the last thread of power was delivered, the Spirit Tree kept its vine. It had no more power to tell the Spirit Envoys of the Soul World, and it could convey its messages through Jun Wu Xie. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

After feeling the little Spirit Tree grow within her soul, Jun Wu Xie told the Spirit Envoys of the Spirit Tree’s intentions.

It was known that the Spirit Tree had not withered, the desperation of the Spirit Envoys was greatly relieved.