Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2637: Temporary Safety (6)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

It wouldn’t take only a short time for the Spirit Tree to completely blocked off the entire Soul World. Moreover, after destroying the Soul Sacrificing Event, its power had been heavily used up. To complete the blockade, the spirit envoys needed to build the Soul Power Totems all around the borderies of the Soul World to reduce the energy consumption of the Spirit Tree.

Although the Soul World had gone through a lot of severe mishaps, fortunately, the damage caused was still within the acceptable range.

Now that Meng Qiu, the leader of the betrayal was dead, those black armored spirit envoys who had betrayed the Soul World were just a host of dragons without a head. Furthermore, the soldiers from the Upper Realms were defeated and Yan Xi had escaped, resulting them in becoming the street mice that every soul entity would yell at and beat up once they saw them!

Long Jiu had led a group of spirit envoys to go around and capture those traitors. If the Soul Ascending Altar had not been destroyed during the Soul Sacrificing Event, how Long Jiu wished he could throw those deceitful traitors onto the Soul Ascending Altar and let their souls get shredded into pieces. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The betrayers who were caught were all imprisoned in the Soul Prison. The “custom” which had already been neglected for years was once again brought up by Long Jiu. With pails of water from the Soul Devouring River placed outside the Soul Prison, Long Jiu had compelled those traitors to drink one sip of it everyday until the seamy side inside them was completely washed away.

It was rather easy to settle those traitors of the Soul World, but the soldiers from the Upper Realm were the one who had given Long Jiu a headache.

Since the Soul Ascending Altar was gone now, it was impossible to annihilate all these intruders. Besides, with the merciful character owned by the Spirit Tree, there was no way it was able to destroy up to ten thousand souls within minutes.

Long Jiu could only lock those soldiers up in the Soul Prison separately from the traitors.

And since the soldiers were in the Soul World, of course they would also need to adapt to the “custom” of the Soul World, that was drinking the water of the Soul Devouring River

However, the pain brought by the water of the Soul Devouring River was closely related to the dark side of one’s soul. The more turbid the soul was, the stronger the pain brought by the water of the Soul Devouring River was, and that was why after having their first sip, those soldiers gave out a soul curdling scream as they collapsed onto the ground. It was so painful that it almost ripped them apart, and that it felt better for them to die rather than staying alive...

Long Jiu got to work his anger off by looking at the soldiers suffered. Hence, he had ordered the spirit envoys to give them a fully filled bowl of water and had forced them to drink it all.

It was euphemistically said that this was to scour their souls, but actually, it was simply just a revenge!

Although the Soul Sacrificing Event was destroyed, those spirit envoys who were imprisoned around the Soul Ascending Altar had become the oblation during the activation of the Soul Sacrificing Event. Even if the Soul Sacrificing Event wasn’t completed, their souls had already been devoured by the power released during the Soul Sacrificing Event.

There were thousands of them who had been sacrificed!

How could Long Jiu not hate them?

After going through the matter this time, the soul envoys had noticed the importance of the Soul Devouring River. In order to prevent such an incident from happening again, those spirit envoys who were always loyal to the Soul World had all gone to the Soul Devouring River spontaneously and took a sip of the water, worrying that the negative thoughts would arouse within themselves one day.

Qin Song had brought quite an amount of spirit devoys to every border in the Soul World to build the Soul Power Totems. The power of the entire Soul World had been mobilized. Forgetting the treachery, the initiative and the cohesion of the Soul World were definitely unparalleled to the others.

When the entire Soul World was bustling around, Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao had gotten a momentary period of free time. In order to ensure that there wouldn’t be anything happened again in the Soul World, instead of leaving hurriedly, they chose to stay beside the weak Spirit Tree to protect it.