Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2648: Long Xuan City (2)

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“They are here for the Sea Spirit Beast.” Qiao Chu curled his lips.

Ever since Jun Wu Xie came to the Sea Spirit City, there was hardly any Sea Spirit Beasts brought back to the city. Before this, Yan Wan wanted to frame Jun Wu Xie so he had handed the departure course of the ships to Jun Wu Xie for a period of time, and this had directly caused the severely lack of supplements of the Sea Spirit Beasts in the city, resulting Yan Wan in having no choice but giving out the stocks to the Upper Realm.

However, after Yan Wan took back the authority of handling the departure course of the ships from Jun Wu Xie, he was then killed by Jun Wu Xie not long after that, and after Jun Wu Xie took over the entire Sea Spirit City, not only did she terminate the Sea Spirit Beasts hunting activities, she had also let the Sea Spirit Beasts that were reared in captivity in the Sea Spirit City for the purpose of blood exploitation free. There was not much stock left in the warehouse, and after Jun Wu Xie went to the Soul World, besides busy transferring the members of the Night Regime and the Ghost Army from the isolated island to the Sea Spirit City, Qiao Chu and the others had also used the stock left to hedge on the parties from the Upper Realm who had come to ask for the blood of the Sea Spirit Beast.

But there was just a little stock left in Sea Spirit City and they were all then used up in less than a month. All the people in the Upper Realm had long gotten used to the practice of feeding the blood of the Sea Spirit Beast to their newborn children and also the practice of eating the meat of the Sea Spirit Beast.

The fact that the Sea Spirit City had the provision of the Sea Spirit Beasts reduced all of a sudden was already enough to piss them off, but then, the Sea Spirit City had decided to completely cut off the provision recently, how would the other seventy-one cities not be totally enraged?

How were they going to raise their newborns without the blood of the Sea Spirit Beast?

The Long Xuan City was the impatient one as few days ago, they had sent several experts to the Sea Spirit City to request for the provision of the Sea Spirit Beast. Jun Wu Xie wasn’t in the city during that time. Although there was Hua Yao disguising as “Yan Hai”, in order to prevent from being exposed, they didn’t dare to let Hua Yao meet those people from the Long Xuan City face to face, leading them in keep on finding excuses to stall for time.

And today, the people from the Long Xuan City could no longer hold it back anymore. Truculently, they went to the city palace and began to make a fuss in the early morning.

At first, Qiao Chu and the others were planning to tell Jun Wu Xie about this matter after she came back and let her be the one to settle it, but no one would have thought that Jun Wu Xie would actually bring so many shocking news back after she returned from the Soul World. Since it would be quite inappropriate for them to burden Jun Wu Xie with even more irritating problems, they had chosen to put the issue aside.

As a result...

The next morning after Jun Wu Xie came back, these people from the Long Xuan City had then come to the city palace. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

“You’ve no idea how arrogant these people are. Not to mention that they are all cocky, acting like a peacock for the entire time when they are in the Sea Spirit City, wherever they go, they are just like the boss, eating everything they want by fraud but still be picky as hell. If it wasn’t for the sake of the overall plan, me and Fei Yan would have already broken their legs and thrown these idiots into the sea to feed the fish!” With a furious expression on his face, Qiao Chu snorted. Just by looking at the indignation he showed, it wasn’t difficult to realize how resentful he was during this period of time.

Now, the people in the entire Sea Spirit City were no longer the local residents of the Sea Spirit City but the subordinates of Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao. The people from the Long Xuan City had always been feeling extremely superior when they came to the Sea Spirit City. They disdained the residents in the Sea Spirit City, always acting so presumptuously by bossing them around. If this was in the previous time, those people who lived in the Sea Spirit City would probably embarrassingly obsequious to them due to their powerfulness, but now...

The ones who were living in the Sea Spirit City were the Night Regime and the Ghost Army who wouldn’t even blink their eyes when they killed!