Chapter 2668: Putting Out A Long Line (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Only Jun Wu Yao could stay in the room while Jun Wu Xie was refining medicine.

The two stayed in the room without speaking, one focused on refining medicine as the other silently watched, and there was an indescribable harmony.

Not saying anything but not feeling embarrassed.

Jun Wu Xie didn’t have to wait too long for Xu Zu to sneak back into the Sea Spirit City. Unlike the last time when he entered the city with great vigor, this time Xu Zu was accompanied by only two men, as they waited till the moon was dark to sneak into Sea Spirit City. They thought they were being very stealthy, but they didn’t realise that whatever they were doing, were clearly seen by the Night Regime members who were guarding the city walls.

The moment the three of them entered the city, news of their arrival had already reached Jun Wu Xie’s ears.

Jun Wu Xie was ready to retire for the night, but upon hearing the news, all her drowsiness was driven away and she immediately sent someone to notify Fei Yan to make preparations.

Qiao Chu and a couple of others hurried to the city’s official residence, uncaring of the deep frost in the night. Qiao Chu was so anxious that he didn’t even dress neatly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“He’s here? He’s here? So fast?” Qiao Chu watched Jun Wu Xie with overwhelming eagerness. His glance swept passed and found that Jun Wu Yao, who was beside Jun Wu Xie, was looking at him with a ‘dangerous’ expression. A quiver suddenly shook through his whole body as he hurriedly turned around to reorganize his loose clothes.

Brother Wu Yao’s attitude of guarding Jun Wu Xie so closely was really ... demented!

He didn’t reveal anything that shouldn’t be exposed. Why were his eyes so cruel?

“Long Xuan City is really being impatient. It’s only been half a month, and they have rushed back so quickly. It feels like they returned to their city but then immediately came back?” There was a hint of sleepiness in Fei Yan’s eyes, he had already fallen asleep when Er Qiao that idiot pulled him off his bed, and as a result, he almost lost a shoe.

“How could they not be? The bait thrown out by Little Xie is just too tempting, and they can’t wait a moment longer.” Fan Zhuo chuckled, the ingenuity of Jun Wu Xie’s news accurately grasped the demands of the Upper Realm; to be able to increase their strength but in a ‘humane’ way was exactly what the seventy-two cities needed.

“But there hadn’t been any news during this time? I thought our plan had failed.” Qiao Chu arranged his clothes and sat down in the chair earnestly.

After Xu Zu’s departure, Qiao Chu and the others, although they spent their days very leisurely, they were always on guard, fearing that the news would spread and cause the people of the seventy-two cities to flock to Sea Spirit City.

But until now, except for the letters sent by several cities to urge for the supply of Sea Spirits Beasts, everything was fine, it was no wonder they overthink things.

“It’s not a failure, but most of it has been done.” Jun Wu Xie said quietly.

“What do you mean?” Qiao Chu asked with wide eyes.

“Long Xuan City must have believed half of the news we put out, that’s why they hid the news about the elixir. If I didn’t guess wrongly, they should have passed on what I said. As for the part they “found out” on their own, they didn’t reveal anything about that.”Jun Wu Xie slowly patted Little Black.

“The rest depends on Fei Yan. I think they will contact you, at the earliest, tomorrow morning.” Jun Wu Xie looked up at Fei Yan.

Fei Yan immediately sat upright and straightened his chest, “You can rest assured! Leave it to me.”

Jun Wu Xie nodded.

Jun Wu Xie’s prediction was correct. Xu Zu didn’t have much patience. Before daybreak, he had sent someone to find Fei Yan ...