Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2677: An Unfathomable Elixir (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The three of them traveled as fast as possible from Sea Spirit City to rush back to Long Xuan City within a few days, and took the elixir obtained from Fei Yan to Ruan Chongshan.

In the official residence of Long Xuan City, Ruan Chongshan was repeatedly checking the elixir that Xu Zu had brought back. It seemed like he wanted to see if there were any problems with the elixir. In the hall, in addition to Xu Zu and his two men, there were a few gray-haired old men. The spiritual power of those old men was very weak; this level of spiritual power in the Upper Realm was so low to the point of mediocrity.

However, within the Upper Realm, the only identity which didn’t require spiritual power as a support was the position of a healer.

Like the lower three realms and the middle three realms, the upper three realms are inevitably born and sick, so the needs of the doctor are the same. The doctor does not need strong power but can still get a certain degree of respect and status through his own medical skills.

The old men standing in the hall were a few of the best Chinese medicine practitioners of Long Xuan City. Ruan Chongshan summoned them to the city’s official residence early in the morning in order to test if the elixir brought by Xu Zu was really effective.

“This is the elixir of the Sea Spirit City?” Ruan Chongshan’s gaze fell on the little pills in the palm of his hand. From the appearance of it, the elixir was nothing special, but it exuded a faint smell of blood. Although the smell was covered up by the smell of herbs, but with a little attention, it could not be missed.

“Yes.” Xu Zu stood seriously in front of Ruan Chongshan. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Ruan Chongshan glanced at Xu Zu and raised his hand to let the housekeeper bring the elixir to the doctors.

“You guys check and see what these pills are about.”

The doctors immediately gathered and examined the elixir. For healers who wanted to climb up the ladder, it was much easier than ordinary people. However, the extent of the climb was limited. Even if they were extremely skilled in medicine, they could not compare to Ruan Zhongshan and the likes in terms of spiritual powers; who could conquer one side. The healers still had to rely on the support of other exponents.

It was rare that Ruan Chongshan would summon them all. A few medical doctors tried their best to think of a way to answer Ruan Chongshan’s queries in order to gain more benefits to himself.

However...

Several gray-haired doctors examined the elixir for a long time, but they still couldn’t figure out the mystery of the pills.They could not even distinguish the ingredients in the elixir. At first, they were confident, however they gradually grew paler with anxiety written plainly on their faces.

Ruan Chongshan did not ignore the reaction of the doctors, he frowned lightly: “What’s wrong?”

The doctors shuddered and said, “Our apologies My Lord, this elixir is a little bit strange, it is not an ordinary elixir. We ... it is impossible to see what medicine it is made of.”

Those healers were already sweating when they spoke. At first, they thought about showing off in front of Ruan Chongshan but they were completely destroyed.

Although their medical skills were not top tier, but it wasn’t to the point where they could not discern even a single medicinal material in the elixir. No matter how rare the elixir was, and although it was impossible to fully grasp the full extent of the formulas, to distinguish at least one or two medical properties should not be that difficult.

However, the elixir had stumped them, no matter how meticulous they were, they could not find any ingredients within the pills.