Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2688: To counter soldiers with arms（4）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

However, when Ruan Zhongshan saw Jun Wu Xie, he was surprised to find that other than the face that had a semblance to Yan Wan, there was nothing else that was similar.

Yan Wan was cunning and vicious, and his means were poisonous. Even if he behaved normally, he still could not keep the ambition and viciousness hidden in his eyes.

However, the feeling that Jun Wu Xie exuded was very different. It was a kind of indifference, like an iceberg in the bitter wintry cold wind. Just by looking at the figure before him, he thought he could even feel the coldness exuded.

From that pair of extremely cold eyes that were clear and indifferent, it was as if they were able to see through all the conspiracy and scheming in the world.

Although they had just met each other in a short time, the image of an ignorant boy that Ruan Zhongshan thought of did not coincide with the young man before him.

Although Jun Wu Xie looked very young, but the calmness in those eyes did not lose to anyone, and that unfathomable gaze which did not match with her age was deep like the abyss which made people suck in a cold breath without knowing.

“You should be the new City Lord of Sea Spirit City? I am Ruan Zhongshan, the City Lord of Long Xuan City.” Ruan Zhongshan had taken special note of Jun Wu Xie in his heart but there not a change of expression was revealed on his face.

He has been a City Lord for many years and had seen countless heroes. Some were even young and famous geniuses. How much of a genius was Jun Wu Xie? It was not something that could be understood so quickly and he needed to further understand the youth before him through some tests.

“May I know what matter does the City Lord Ruan have?” Jun Wu Xie calmly looked at Ruan Zhongshan, without showing the slightest trace of awe because the other party was the City Lord of Long Xuan City.

Ruan Zhongshan said: “Xu Zu came before and asked about the supply of Sea Spirit Beast resources from the Sea Spirit City, but the answer you gave seemed a little too unexpected. After so many years, the Sea Spirit City has never cut off supply. Perhaps, Young City Lord Yan is very young and became the Sea Spirit City Lord at such a tender age. Although you are a young talent, but I don’t know if he really understand the foundation of Sea Spirit City? Ha ha ha... ”

Ruan Zhongshan’s words may sound polite, but in his tone there was an undisguised domineering tone.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Ruan Zhongshan, and there was no change in her expression. She raised her hand to pick up the warm tea served by Ye Sha and she slowly sipped it. Her leisurely and composed attitude was the complete opposite to Ruan Zhongshan’s serious and domineering attitude.

Ruan Zhongshan looked at Jun Wu Xie’s casual mannerisms and he could not help but narrowed his eyes. On the other hand, Xu Zu was extremely dissatisfied with Jun Wu Xie’s nonchalant attitude and he wanted to speak several times but he was stopped by Ruan Zhongshan’s gaze.

After a short while, Jun Wu Xie finished drinking the warm cup of tea. She then raised her eyes as she looked at Ruan Zhongshan and said, “I thought I had already spoken clearly?”

Ruan Zhongshan frowned slightly.

Jun Wu Xie continued on, “From now on, no one can take away any Sea Spirit Beasts from Sea Spirit City.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ruan Zhongshan’s gaze became a bit complicated. The toughness of Jun Wu Xie’s attitude has exceeded his expectations. He thought it was only a young and ruthless youth, but he did not expect that Jun Wu Xie’s arrogance did not come from frivolousness but with an absolute self-confidence. Every word she said made people think that it was an ironclad matter that would not be changed.

“Young City Lord Yan really intends to do this? Do you wish for Sea Spirit City’s destruction?”