Chapter 2689: To counter soldiers with arms（5）

Translator:

Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie raised her eyebrows slightly.

Ruan Zhongshan scoffed and continued on, “Don’t tell me that Yan Wan had never mentioned to you about Sea Spirit City’s situation? In terms of strength alone, the Sea Spirit City is at the bottom of all 72 cities. The reason why it can survive to the present point is all because of your geographical advantage. The Sea Spirit City has the sea and can hunt Sea Spirit Beasts easily which in turn provides for the 72 cities. Otherwise, do you think that this lowly Sea Spirit City alone can occupy a place in the 72 cities? Now that you have stopped the supply of the Sea Spirit Beasts, tell me, have you ever wondered how terrible the consequences will be? ”

Ruan Zhongshan looked at Jun Wu Xie in a dissatisfied manner and his tone gradually became oppressive.

He had to admit that Jun Wu Xie was better and more stable than he imagined, but all of this could not cover up the fact that she was still young and immature. He knew that it was in order to refine the elixir that she monopolized all the Sea Spirit Beasts. The effect was really powerful, but how was it made and how many Sea Spirit Beasts were needed? Ruan Zhongshan knew nothing about it and he could only guess from Jun Wu Xie’s absolute decision that to refine the elixir, the number of Sea Spirit Beasts required must be not small, that was why she could make such a clear decision.

But on the other hand, Jun Wu Xie suddenly interrupted the supply of all Sea Spirit Beasts in the Upper Realm. There itself was a huge problem. One must know that the 72 cities have relied on Sea Spirit Beast supplies for thousands of years. Such a deep history could not be broken just by a mere word. The decision of Jun Wu Xie was equivalent to provoking the anger of all the 72 cities. No city would be willing to accept this change.

If this happened in Long Xuan City, Ruan Zhongshan would not miss such a good opportunity, but he would not be so reckless as Jun Wu Xie. He would not handle it in this capricious manner, even if it required a lot of Sea Spirit Beasts, he would also find ways to hunt more to fulfill the supply of the 72 cities.

The manner in which this incident was handled made Ruan Zhongshan feel that the Yan Hai before him was just an ignorant youth with a simple mind. Although he had the ability to fight against Yan Wan, his vision was too small, and he only saw the Sea Spirit City but did not care about other forces in the Upper Realm.

This would be his greatest drawback and the cause of his defeat!

Ruan Zhongshan’s tone was a little serious, but Jun Wu Xie did not respond. Ruan Zhongshan’s gaze did not leave her face for an instant, trying to find a trace of fluctuation from her subtle changes in her expression and eyes.

But unfortunately, Jun Wu Xie’s expression never changed in any way, and her eyes were also calm. It was as if Ruan Zhongshan’s words were not heard by her at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ruan Zhongshan was a little displeased in his heart. If it wasn’t for the elixir, the newly appointed Sea Spirit City Lord, even Yan Wan would not have the qualifications to make him come out personally to handle this matter. The dissatisfaction in his heart made Ruan Zhongshan realize that Jun Wu Xie was resistant to his words and he looked at Xu Zu and gave a meaningful nod.

Xu Zu immediately understood the meaning of Ruan Zhongshan, and immediately jumped up and hollered: “City Lord Yan, the City Lord of my Long Xuan City has kind intentions and is afraid that you may have gone the wrong way because of your ignorance. Whether you accept it or not, you should always respond. Such an attitude is a bit too rude, are you acting like this because there’s so few of us from Long Xuan City? ”

Xu Zu glared menacingly at Jun Wu Xie. He had long harboured the thought of revenge for the previous time and had forgotten his defeat.