Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2716: Scum (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Zheng Weilong was shocked at Jun Wu Xie’s calmness, and as she quietly observed Qiao Chu, she also found that their expressions were very calm, as if this was something Jun Wu Xie should have done.

Soon, Zheng Weilong understood that this was just the beginning.

The number of exponents who came because of Jun Wu Xie’s sign was increasing. Unfortunately, the strongest of them had barely walked ten meters to the door of the hall, along with others who arrived, were killed by the light that flew out from Jun Wu Xie.

Less than half a day later, dozens of corpses were piled up in the front yard of the official residence of Long Xuan City.

The entire front yard was stained red and the ground was no longer visible.

The number of people who constantly came to “seek death” was gradually decreasing till early next morning, and no one had dared to set foot into the manor!

Almost all of the exponents in the city are dead, and those who were less powerful, or who valued their lives, were afraid to approach the City Lord’s manor even by half a step!

After a long time of inactivity, Jun Wu Xie finally stood up from her chair.

She stepped on a corpse as she walked out of the gates.

Outside the gate, countless citizens of Long Xuan City have gathered. Almost overnight, the news was spread throughout whole Long Xuan City. Many busybodies waited outside the residence in order to take a look at the source of such arrogance and cruelty.

But when Jun Wu Xie appeared in front of the crowd with Yan Hai’s face, everyone was shocked.

That face was too young and unfamiliar to them. They were not people from Long Xuan City at all.

However, no matter how young Jun Wu Xie looked, the people around her, who saw her expression, were shocked and in fear.

Jun Wu Xie glanced at those who were surrounded by the City Lord’s manor and where her cold eyes passed, no one dared to look at her. The moment Jun Wu Xie’s gaze swept past them, they obediently lowered their heads.

“I am Yan Hai, from Sea Spirit City. From today on, I will take over Long Xuan City. Anyone who is dissatisfied can come to Sea Spirit City to challenge me at any time. I will welcome it.” Jun Wu Xie said in a cold voice as it echoed in the silent exterior of the official residence. Along with the stench of blood, that had not yet dissipated, it stimulated the hearts of every Sea Spirit City dweller, and thus cemented her position as the City Lord of two cities. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

When Jun Wu Xie’s words were heard, all the people around her knelt together!

“Long live My Lord!”

“Long live My Lord!”

The shout tinged with fear sounded one after another, no one dared to challenge Jun Wu Xie again. Afterall, Jun Wu Xie had nearly wiped out all the exponents of Long Xuan City in one day, thus there was no one who had the courage to question her authority as the City Lord.

Amidst the cheers, Zheng Weilong looked at Jun Wu Xie’s cold face, she drew her hands into tightly clenched fists.

This was what true strength is. You can destroy everything!

Everyone in Long Xuan City knew that on this day, they had a new city lord and that person was the city lord of the Sea Spirit City. Although Long Xuan Cheng still retained its own name, but from today onwards, they had became a subsidiary of Sea Spirit City.