Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2729: A Black Nest (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Although Nangong Lie was Nangong Yan’s son, he was exceptionally gifted and possessed a very high innate talent for cultivation since childhood.

An intelligent City Lord would know how to control the power he had in his hands, just like Nangong Yan. After discovering Nangong Lie ‘s strength, not only did he not suppress it, but actively taught Nangong Lie to cultivate, he also pushed Nangong Lie to become one of the top ten masters. Not only was his position as the lord of Blazing Flame City Position, but also because of the strength of Nangong Lie, no one dared to make a move against Nangong Yan.

Looking at how the others feared Nangong Lie, a hint of smile flashed across Nangong Yan’s eyes.

Nangong Lie only glanced coldly at the City Lords, and sat down beside Nangong Yan.

When Nangong Lie took his seat, the other City Lords sat back tremblingly.

No matter how powerful the top ten cities were, but in front of an exponent like Nangong Lie, they were so small. Although the 72 cities belong to the Upper Realm, His Lord rarely intervened in the affairs of the 72 cities, or even when a city destroyed the other. His Lord never asked questions, and seemed to have given great freedom to them, but all the City Lords were very clear that this kind of freedom came from His Lord’s disdain and disregard for their strength ...

72 cities were simply not even worth any spare thoughts from His Lord.

However, the top ten exponents were quite different. The top ten exponents were strong players who served His Lord firstly and possessed a status far above the 72 cities. Even the lord of White Night City, the leader amongst the 72 cities, must also pay his respects to Nangong Lie.

This was the fear that came from deep in the bones.

“I know you are worried, so I specifically invited Master Nangong to come back. It happened that Master Nangong is free during this time. This matter with Sea Spirit City, us five cities will each send a small number of soldiers, led by Master Nangong to Sea Spirit City, to have a good chat with Yan Hai.” Nangong Yan revealed his plan to all present.

However, although those City Lords had smiles on their faces, in their hearts, they’ve already cursed and swore at Nangong Yan thousands of times!

It was good to have Nangong Lie lead but who was Nangong Lie? He was Nangong Yan’s son!

Even if the relationship between father and son was weak, Nangong Lie was still a person from Blazing Flame City, and he would be more inclined towards his own city. If Nangong Lie managed to obtain the prescription, it would only be natural if he sent it back to Nangong Yan as soon as possible. The other cities would not even get a whiff of it!

Even though they cursed at Nangong Yan in their hearts, but in front of Nangong Lie, they could only suffer in silent humiliation, unable to say anything. Even if they had the guts, they didn’t dare show their dissatisfaction Nangong Lie.

But...

They were still smart people.

Seeing that he was going to have to have made the wedding dress for others 1 , the Lord of Hidden Demon City immediately said: “It is foolproof for Master Nangong to come forward and address this matter. But Master Nangong has an elevated status and it would be a waste of his talent to handle the matter that involves such a lowly city like the Sea Spirit City. Why not let me send my men along with Master Nangong, and my lord can take a back seat. I believe that once they hear of Master Nangong, they would be too afraid to resist. My men can handle the loose ends after.”

As soon as the Lord of Hidden Demon City finished his speech, several other lords immediately agreed, and all of them stuffed their confidants into the team.

How could Nangong Yan not understand their minds, but he was not in a hurry and nodded to take care of the matter.