Chapter 2732: Ten Big Cities (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

A few days after Jun Wu Xie and her troops returned to the city, a large army arrived at the hills outside of Sea Spirit City.

In the forefront of the army, Nangong Lie narrowed his eyes as he looked at Sea Spirit City not far away. Since he was born, he had not seen such a remote city. He only heard about it when he familiarised himself with the names of the 72 cities. He never thought that he would one day come to such a remote city.

“Master Nangong, that is Sea Spirit City in front of us. The spies we sent earlier have already brought news that the army had returned to the city a few days ago. Yan Hai is now in the city as well.” Hidden Demon City’s Liu Yi looked Sea Spirit City before turning her head towards Nangong Lie as she spoke. She was the only female in the Five Cities Alliance who held a high status and was personally dispatched by the Lord of Hidden Demon City to lead the soldiers from her city, as they converged with the other four cities.

Liu Yi had a charming face, a slim figure, and she looked very seductive, also, her strength was not low. Otherwise she would not have been sent to the Sea Spirit City by the lord of Hidden Demon City.

Nangong Lie nodded slightly.

The five-city army immediately marched towards Sea Spirit City, and the commanders of the troops including Resolute City proposed that Nangong Lie led the troops directly to persecute the lord of Sea Spirit City. However, Nangong Lie had no intentions of doing so. Perhaps because of the previous experience in the Middle Realm, it evoked a strong sense of panic and fear at the thought of spilling blood. But he dared not tell anyone this.

If it was not necessary, he would never want to spill blood.

Liu Yi was sly and saw through Nangong Lie’s thoughts, she immediately voiced a proposal that they could first contact Sea Spirit City. If Jun Wu Xie had a clear view of the current situation, then they could get into Sea Spirit City without wasting a single soldier. If Jun Wu Xie cannot tell good from bad, it won’t be too late if they attacked then.

Liu Yi’s proposal quickly received the consent of everyone. They were anxious to destroy the Sea Spirit City as their main aim was to get the prescription as soon as possible. But the battle to them, was one that no one wanted to waste too much of their own fighting power on. No one wanted the other parties within the coalition to gain an advantage.

Liu Yi sent someone to send word to Sea Spirit City as the five-city army stopped just outside the city. Although it was an advanced greeting, but the posturing of tens of thousands of soldiers surrounding the gates of the Sea Spirit City was nothing short of hostile.

When Ye Sha received the message, he immediately passed it on to Jun Wu Xie. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Qiao Chu and the others, who barely rested for a few days since returning to Sea Spirit City, were also invited to the city’s official residence. The large hall was already filled with people. This time, not only Qiao Chu and the rest came, even Ye Sha, Ye Mei and Ye Gu were amongst those who had gathered in the hall.

Jun Wu Yao sat next to Jun Wu Xie, listening to the news from Ye Sha.

“Five-city coalition?” Jun Wu Xi raised an eyebrow slightly.

Ye Sha nodded.

“The people they sent over said so. And my men and I had gone to check. Now, there are nearly 30,000 soldiers gathered outside Sea Spirit City, and their clothes are mostly divided into five types. I think it should not be wrong.” Ye Sha said.

“They want to enter the city?” Jun Wu Xie said, her chin propped up with one hand.

The people sent by Liu Yi were arrogant. Although they weren’t too aggressive, but when they spoke to Ye Sha, their snobby demeanour was disgusting. They spoke with an innate arrogance and only said that the commander of the Five-City Coalition was here and that Sea Spirit City should prepare for his visit as soon as possible.