Chapter 2737: Not Seeing（3）

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

On the morning of the second day, when the representatives of the five cities gathered, they all suddenly realised that each one of them bore similar expressions of having reached their limits, that each of them had not slept all night.

Even Liu Yi who had put on make up, could not hide the obvious dark shadows under her eyes.

Except for Nangong Lie, the other four did not sleep at all last night. As they waited for Jun Wu Xie to come pay her respects to them, the sky lit up unknowingly ... In the end, no one ever appeared ...

“Oh, the beds here are so crude that I didn’t sleep well all night.” Mu En pretended to be calm.

“Exactly.” Guan Hu immediately agreed.

Although the five cities came at the same time, and had agreed, while traveling to Sea Spirit City, that they would ask for the formula as a group, everyone knew that the other party had selfish motives. Even if Jun Wu Xie had stood them up last night, none of them would ever admit that they had sent their men to demand Jun Wu Xie’s appearance.

Wouldn’t that have made it clear that one wanted to obtain the best thing for themselves?

It was such that these guys could only swallow their greviances, and even if they guessed that the other person was suffering the same fate, they could only pretend to be entirely unaware.

Among them, only Nangong Lie looked normal. He had no interest in the formula. He only came at the request of Nangong Yan. Regarding Sea Spirit City, naturally there would be a representative from Blazing Flame City to handle that matter, he only came to lend some prestige and power to the group.

Having gathered for a short while, they could not bear the exhaustion anymore. They had been constantly on the move, and coupled with the sleepless night last night, they were already too exhausted. They made their apologies to Nangong Lie and went back to their residences to sleep.

This was actually a good time for Nangong Lie to go to the City Lord Manor alone, to ask for the prescription. However, Nangong Lie did not have that intention at all. Since yesterday, his state of mind had been unstable, there was a strong sense of unease within his heart. No matter how much the Blazing Flame City people wanted to be the first to obtain the formula, no one would dare to urge Nangong Lie to do so.

Nangong Lie felt uneasy and so he went out for a walk after breakfast. He walked by the seaside, and watched the endless Sea of Death, as he felt his mind settle a little.

No one knew about his situation except himself.

Jun Wu Xie’s actions in the Middle Realm had already destroyed all his self-confidence. Even though he had fortunately escaped back to the Upper Realm, and His Lord did not blame him, but Nangong Lie experienced a hard time.

Especially after Luo Qingcheng took Jun Wu Yao to the Lower Realm, and still have not returned, the rest of the top ten exponents have been looking at Nangong Lie with increasing suspicions.

Everyone knew that after such a long time, Luo Qingcheng hasn’t sent any word back, thus in all likelihood, she failed.

Initially the person who brought Jun Wu Xie’s message to Luo Qingcheng was Nangong Lie. Not only that, he had fled from Jun Wu Xie, hence those people had started to be suspicious of whether Nangong Lie had colluded with Jun Wu Xie, and had deliberately led Luo Qingcheng to the Lower Realm. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Regarding these suspicions, Nangong Lie was unable to speak up for himself, he could only keep it in his heart.

The surface of the Sea of Death broke with waves, and the sea breeze blew across Nangong Lie’s cheeks as the drowsiness in his head eased up slightly.

He looked at the sea, and except for the ships that were docked on the shore, there was no one else. However, just as Nangong Lie wanted to leave, a slender figure suddenly appeared in his line of sight!