Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2770: The Strong is King (5)

FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The atmosphere was a little strange as no one dared to speak due to the shock of seeing Jun Wu Xie in possession of a Spirit Ring.

The City Lords of the 72 cities had realised that Jun Wu Xie dared to announce the unification of the 72 cities under her was not because of Nangong Lie, nor because of Highness Ying, and nor because of Sea Spirit City, but it was herself!

A Spirit Ring exponent, what a terrible concept.

There were only a handful of Spirit Ring exponents in the Upper Realm and any one of them is enough to dominate the 72 cities!

At the corner of the banquet hall, Yu Yuanshan, who had been scared by Jun Wu Xie’s strength, was white in the face as he subconsciously grabbed the arm of Dongfang Ku Bi beside him.

Dongfang Ku Bi took a look at the terrified Yu Yuanshan and a complacent look appeared on his face.

Now you know how powerful he was?

“Indeed, a heroic and capable youth.” In the silence, Bai Zhu’s voice sounded suddenly as the stifling feeling in the hearts of everyone present eased up slightly as they looked towards Bai Zhu.

Bai Zhu’s face recovered its smile from before, as he stood up and looked at Jun Wu Xie.

“The strongest is king, on behalf of White Night City, I offer up the most sincere respect to the Overlord.” Once Bai Zhu finished speaking, he took a step back and knelt on one knee, lowered his head at Jun Wu Xie. It was a gesture of sincerity and humility.

Nangong Yan stared at Bai Zhu incredulously! He could not believe that Bai Zhu had changed his stance faster than flipping a page of a book!

This damn smiling tiger!

“I, Yu, also pay my respects to the Overlord!” Yu Yuanshan stood up and knelt down, following Bai Zhu’s footsteps.

As the City Lord of the largest city among the 72 cities, even Bai Zhu, City Lord of White Night City, had shown his deferrence to Sea Spirit City, none of the other cities would dare to rebel against Jun Wu Xie.

In a short time, all the City Lords stood up and paid their respects to Jun Wu Xie!

Nangong Yan’s face was almost black, but he could only kneel stiffly in front of Jun Wu Xie and paid his respects.

Overlord of the 72 cities.

After experiencing long periods of instability and in-fighting, the 72 cities were unified in an instance by Jun Wu Xie.

Having witnessed all this, Nangong Lie was unable to calm his emotions down as he looked up at Jun Wu Xie, who was standing under the moonlight.

This petite figure which looked so fragile, but always brought shocking results.

From this day forth, the 72 cities have been subdued in the hands of Jun Wu Xie, which have since completely changed the structure of the Upper Realm.