Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2785: Millions of Mighty Warriors (2)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Has she ever lost?” Hua Yao narrowed his eyes slightly. His calm eyes were full of trust in Jun Wu Xie. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

From the Lower Realm to the Middle Realm, there were countless enemies that wanted to confront Jun Wu Xie. Those enemies who were far stronger than her, were once a prevailing overlord at that time. Who would believe that they would really be overthrown?

But in the end, all of them were defeated by Jun Wu Xie.

This time, Hua Yao firmly believed that Jun Wu Xie must be fully prepared because she could not lose this battle!

Her father was still waiting for her rescue. The Three Realms were still looking forward to her conspiracy to break the blood sacrifice. The life and death worm in Jun Wu Yao was unsolved. With the expectations and hopes of countless people, everything would be over if this fails.

Now, all they could do was to believe Jun Wu Xie unconditionally.

Hua Yao’s words suppressed Qiao Chu’s a little. Fei Yan rarely laughed at Qiao Chu’s impulsiveness. He stepped forward silently and patted his good brother’s shoulder.

They had known each other for many years. Even if they were not brothers, they were better than their own blood brothers. They did not go out of the city not because of timidity. It was because they respect the choices made by the emperor. And so, they chose to remain here.

Nangong Lie didn’t know when he came to the city wall, watching Qiao Chu’s words and deeds in his eyes. He received the news of the attack on the 72 cities early. He also expressed his willingness to fight together. However, his request, like Dongfang Ku Bi’s, was sinking into the sea.

He didn’t understand what Jun Wu Xie was thinking. He didn’t know what kind of plans Jun Wu Xie had. His courage to deal with the two million army alone fell on his mind.

She had never been defeated?

Nangong Lie had only had a battle with Jun Wu Xie and it was a complete defeat. Even his self-confidence and pride had been frustrated. Luo Qingcheng, who was once known as the most talented person in the Upper Realm. They brought so many strong men and troops. They vowed to kill the Lower Realm, but the result was a complete loss. Now their life and death were unknown.

Jun Wu Xie had not been defeated, at least in the battle known to Nangong Lie. She had not lost, and all her opponents were so powerful.

Even Luo Qingcheng was defeated by her, outside the Sea Spirit City, what about the two million troops? !!

Nangong Lie’s gaze looked at the familiar and strong back. He was clearly fighting alone. But somehow he felt that the seemingly thin figure was more powerful than the millions of mighty warriors!

The sea breeze blew from the depths of the sea, with the dampness of the sea, brushing inside and outside the Sea Spirit City, raising her innocent long hair, but not softening her toughness.

She stood alone before the mighty millions of warriors. Looking coldly at the disdain and shouting from the enemy. Her eyes were as cold as if those who stood in front of her were not a group of powerful opponents at all, but a group of dead people!

“Are you finished?” Jun Wu Xie suddenly opened her eyes, looking at the chattering generals, her cold voice mixed in the sea breeze, as cold as broken ice.

The screaming generals suddenly became quiet. They looked at Jun Wu Xie, who was too calm in front of them and puzzled.

They could not help but wonder where her calmness and confidence came from.