Chapter 2787: Trembling moment (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

At this moment, the mighty millions of warriors fell into an unprecedented silence. The yelling and roaring sounds sounded like they were swallowed up by the blood.

The pungent blood smell permeated the dead silence, choking everyone’s as it reminded them of the silence of death.

Jun Wu Xie shook her sword lightly. Beads of blood on the tip of the sword fell under the shadow of the sword, flowing to the ground under her feet.

As the blood was soaking into the soil, the soldiers of the 72 cities noticed that the earth beneath them was a bit weird. The earth was not yellowish as it should be, it was reddish black. At a glance, from the gates of the Sea Spirit City to its middle where their military stood, it seemed as if a clear boundary had been drawn.

Long Xuan City ...

Suddenly, this remote town, which has long been forgotten, suddenly poured into each of their minds.

The first rise of Sea Spirit City began with the army that overthrew Long Xuan City’s attack.

At that time, Ruan Zhongshan, the City Lord, got his news from somewhere. He knew the only way to conquer Sea Spirit City was to take with him his armies and surround the small and neglected Sea Spirit City.

That battle, in the eyes of anyone, was a situation where the Sea Spirit City would perish.

But the result was unexpected to everyone.

On this land outside the Sea Spirit City, Ruan Zhongshan and his army were almost wiped out by the army of Jun Wu Xie and the Sea Spirit City. At this time, the soil outside the Sea Spirit City had been stained with blood.

Later, Nangong Yan gathered the power of the Five Cities and wanted to re-exercise their skills. Nangong Lie, one of the Top Ten Experts attacking the Sea Spirit City, his plight was worse than Ruan Zhongshan’s!

The Five City Coalition, except for Nangong Lie, who had already trusted Jun Wu Xie, had not survived. The corpses from the Five Cities had been piled up outside the Sea Spirit City and experienced the burning fire at their feet.The piece of land was discarded for many days. The wind was blowing in the sun as the rotten bones and corpse was absorbed by the earth ...

After two consecutive battles, Sea Spirit City was at its dead end. But the final result made everyone unbelievable. It was not Sea Spirit City that died, but the enemies who tried to do harm to Sea Spirit City ... ...

The pungent smell of blood once again drawn into their minds. It had totally dismissed their disregards towards Sea Spirit City and Jun Wu Xie.

If Jun Wu Xie was so vulnerable, how could Long Xuan City have lost? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

If Sea Spirit City really has no combat power, how was the Five City Coalition destroyed?

The glory of the previous battle was vividly remembered. But they were erased by their arrogance, allowing them to subconsciously disregard the Sea Spirit City and Jun Wu Xie. They forgot about the Banquet of Heroes held in Sea Spirit City not long ago. At that time, even Bai Zhu, the City Lord of the White Night City had personally prepared and brought over a gift?

If it was really that weak, why would the City Lords of 72 cities fear Jun Wu Xie and Sea Spirit City?

Their two million army was not as simple as crushing an ant!

Suddenly, the hearts of all the soldiers raised an unprecedented sense of tension. The fear of waking up suddenly made their faces pale.