Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2792: Dual Spirit Rings (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The strength of the Dual Spirit Rings was not something they could simply confront.

Killing tens of thousands of people in one stroke. Who could have stopped such a savage attack?

Everyone in the 72 cities army froze, the soldiers at the front line looked at the sea of blood that was so close to them and every single one of them turned pale. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

They were only one step away from death.

One more step forward, and they would die without a resting place!

Not even a bone would remain.

The whole battlefield was deathly silent, and everyone on the wall who had witnessed this few seconds fight was stunned.

This was the first time which Qiao Chu and the others witnessed the true level of strength Jun Wu Xie had reached and possessed. Compared to the battle in the Lower Realm against Luo Qingcheng, it was as if Jun Wu Xie’s capabilities had been reborn to the point of being outrageously strong.

“Little ... Little Xie ... when did she become so powerful ...” Qiao Chu’s voice trembled a little, they initially didn’t understand how Jun Wu Xie could have turned the tide of this battle, but now they did.

The reason why Jun Wu Xie dared to fight alone was because she was ready to reveal the power of her dual Spirit Rings to the world. This battle was also her battle for recognition in the Upper Realm!

No wonder ...

No wonder Jun Wu Yao was so calm, as he was the only one among them who knew how powerful Jun Wu Xie was now.

When Jun Wu Xie was in the Lower Realm, because of all the chaos that happened around them, the stability of her dual Spirit Rings was still unstable. But after the Spirit Tree’s teaching and instructions, the chaotic power within her had been resolved and that also released all restraints and allowed her to fully develop!

And this power was also the bargaining chip for Jun Wu Xie to fight with Jun Wu Yao on an equal level!

Hua Yao and others were shocked speechless at the scene displayed in front of them, but the most shocked was Nangong Lie. He stared at Jun Wu Xie as she stood in that sea of blood, his eyes incredulous.

He thought that the Jun Wu Xie he saw was already strong enough.

Only to realise that from the beginning, Jun Wu Xie had hidden most of her strength. Whether in the Middle Realm or the Lower Realm, she never once revealed her true strength. And today, the emergence of the dual Spirit Rings had pushed everything to the top!

At this moment, Nangong Lie was so grateful that he chose to stand on the side of Jun Wu Xie. Looking at the Three Realms, the only one who could compete against Jun Wu Xie was His Lord!

The people on the wall were shocked by the invincible strength of Jun Wu Xie, as the soldiers of the 72 cities seemed to have fallen into an endless abyss with no way out.

Fear spread in each of them, the previous morale turned into nothingness with the appearance of the dual Spirit Rings!

They were scared.

Really, really scared.

“Will ... will die ...” One of the generals shivered as if soaked in ice water, as extreme fear rose to his eyes leaving him out of control with terror.

If Jun Wu Xie was only a single Spirit Ring exponent, they might still have some confidence to fight against her, even if they had to sacrifice a group of soldiers, they were sure that they could overwhelm her with their sheer numbers.

But...

Faced with the strength of the dual Spirit Rings, their millions of soldiers were now vulnerable.

One attack from Jun Wu Xie killed tens of thousands of people in one second. She only needed a hundred strokes or so to destroy all 2 million of them!