Chapter 2800: Duan Qi (4)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Bai Zhu hurriedly said: “This is the end of the matter, I believe no one will want to pursue further to seek his own death.”

The 72 city coalition forces were not Jun Wu Xie’s opponents. Which city dared to charge up and fight her?

Duan Qi nodded.

At the same time, the 72 cities had also received battle reports. Without exception, those City Lords were waiting for the good news of victory. However, after getting the battle report, they were all scared and crying uncontrollably.

All the City Lords rushed to the White Night City hurriedly. They cried and looked for Bai Zhu to think of a solution. They didn’t want to stand against the enemies of a Dual Spirit Ring. This was a big problem.

Bai Zhu had recovered his calmness. When he saw the crowd come over for a solution, he decided to be transparent with them. He invited Duan Qi out directly, which alleviated the concerns in the hearts of everyone.

Some people rejoiced and some were sad. Bai Zhu and other City lords who participated in the battle had regretted it. But Yu Yuanshan took a long time after he heard the news. He knew that 72 cities would definitely attack the Sea Spirit City, but he was peaceful and did not like to fight. Because after the hero banquet, he was dragged by Dongfang Ku Bi for a while to tour in the Sea Spirit City. This was how they were not included by Bai Zhu to fight the battle.

Originally Yu Yuanshan was still worried about the fall of the Sea Spirit City. Will Bai Zhu treat them as a backup for Sea Spirit City? Now, he was not worried at all! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Dual Spirit Ring?

Haha, Bai Zhu and the rest will be dealt with!

Fortunately, Yu Yuanshan, who had escaped a disaster, quickly prepared a big gift and prepared to go to East Peak City to thank Dongfang Ku Bi. But I learned that Dongfang Ku Bi had been in Sea Spirit City all the time and he made a wasted trip.

Rumors of the Dual Spirit Rings were circulated everywhere in the 72 cities making many people worried. Although many City Lords knew that Bai Zhu had already figured out a way, they could only hide in the room and did not dare to go out. Before Duan Qi had time to negotiate with Jun Wu Xie, the revenge had already come.

In fact, they had thought too much ...

Jun Wu Xie rested for a few days after defeating the army of 72 cities. Under the guidance of Jun Wu Yao, she grasped the essentials of the Dual Spirit Ring as quickly as possible. She had no time to find the Lord of 72 cities for revenge.

It was during the time that Dongfang Ku Bi was a guest at Sea Spirit City that he had established a good relationship with Qiao Chu and others.

Zheng Weilong also took advantage of this time to sort out her thoughts again.

The days of Sea Spirit City were calm and easy. There wasn’t a trace showing that it had been affected by the previous war.

However, this peace was disturbed by an invitation card.

The 72 cities headed by the White Night City sent a surrender letter of worship to Jun Wu Xie, along with the news that Duan Qi was about to reach the Sea Spirit City.

This piece of news made Jun Wu Xiestop her cultivation.

After receiving this news, Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao sat in the cool shelter and read the surrender letter.

It contained the signatures of the City Lords from the 72 cities. In addition to surrender letters, it also contains a large number of monetary compensation.

Jun Wu Xie was never short of money. Naturally, she doesn’t care about those things. What attracted her attention was that this post was sent by Duan Qi.