Chapter 2816: The Sacred Maiden Tribe (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As they went up the Holy Mountain, the temperature started to drop. The slight chill gradually invaded the skin as their footsteps progressed. But the decline in temperature was not very obvious. For those who stepped into Holy Mountain for the first time, one might get frostbites unknowingly and before one discovers it, it’s already too late.

As they went further up the Holy Mountain, Jun Wu Xie had a familiar feeling. The drop in temperature was like the change they had experienced when they were descending Heaven’s End Cliff. The only thing was that other than the similar drastic temperature here, there was no poison gas in it.

She subconsciously looked at Jun Wu Yao as he looked back at her with a smile and nodded at her.

There was no need for Jun Wu Xie to speak because he knew what she wanted to ask.

A large part of the tomb of the Dark Emperor built by the Night Regime was left by Jun Wu Yao. This included the change in the temperature at the bottom of the cliff. This was also something interesting that Jun Wu Yao discovered when he had passed by the Holy Mountain by accident then. After going to the Middle Realm, he talked to Ye Gu who knew how to use the defense of the mausoleum.

Such changes in temperature wouldn’t cause any harm to the people who were in the similar realm of Jun Wu Xie and her companions. From the foot of the mountain to the mountainside, the temperature had changed from warmth of spring to a chilly winter.

Qiao Chu and the rest didn’t feel anything, but Han Shu and others had already taken out the cloaks stored in their Cosmos Sack as each of them wrapped themselves in thick cloaks to withstand the cold.

Only Duan Qi, Jun Wu Xie and a few others were not afraid of the cold.

Duan Qi watched Jun Wu Xie’s reaction secretly along the way. At first she saw Jun Wu Xie reveal a trace of doubt, but soon calmed down and seemed to be very curious about Holy Mountain, but somehow did not pursue it.

The Holy Mountain was extremely high. They walked for half a day before gradually arriving at the peak. Halfway through, Han Shu and others rested a few times due to the lack of physical strength.

When the sun was about to go down, they finally reached the peak of the Holy Mountain. As rumored, the top of the Holy Mountain that was hidden in the clouds was full of white snow, looking mysterious yet majestic with elegant houses built on the white snow. Under the reflection of the setting sun, the snow and the white buildings seem to be covered with a layer of warm gold, dispersing the coldness that should have existed.

“The place where the Sacred Maiden Tribe lives has snow all year round. This snow is the accumulation of the purest snowflakes in the world. There aren’t any springs in the mountains, hence our water source comes directly from this snow. After settling down, Lord Yan may like to try our tea that’s been brewed with the snow from the top of Holy Mountain and see if there is a special fragrance.” She said to Jun Wu Xie with unconcealed pride.

Jun Wu Xie nodded slightly, but her eyes were attracted by the white lotus above the serene snowscape.

Those lotus flowers were born in the snow and the pure white was almost integrated with the snow. However, Jun Wu Xie felt that it was familiar.

Duan Qi noticed Jun Wu Xie’s gaze and a smile flashed past her eyes. She took a step forward and took off a lotus flower among the snow and brought it to Jun Wu Xie.

“This is the Heavenly Imperial Snow Lotus, a unique lotus only exists in our Holy Mountain. It has excellent healing effects. The scented tea brewed with it can prolong one’s life.”