Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2847: Tit-for-tat (5)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

For the entire Sacred Maiden Tribe, a woman like Yan Xi was not special, she could even be considered very ordinary, such that no one would notice her presence. She had no idea where her luck came from but she was noticed by His Lord and was ordered by him to stay beside Jun Gu!

Thus, her status within the Sacred Maiden Tribe was also greatly enhanced.

In this regard, many of the maidens were very envious.

Regarding Jun Gu, among those who knew, but not many have seen, and there were many rumours surrounding Jun Gu. It was said, in those rumours, that Jun Gu not only had a tall stature, he also had a beautifully handsome appearance. Coupled with a gentle personality, he was simply the ideal partner in the minds of many women.

Yan Xi was still young and she grew up in an all women Sacred Maiden Tribe. As she stayed by the side of such an ideal man, her thoughts and intentions were no longer simple and pure.

Now that Jun Gu was about to marry Han Zi Fei, it was no wonder that Yan Xi wasn’t happy!

But this point, even if all the people present knew, no one would expose it.

Jun Wu Xie watched Yan Xi’s every move covertly. Although Yan Xi’s strength was not high, she knew witchcraft. It might seem to be less lethal, but she could kill people without detection, thus it was most difficult to guard against. Otherwise, Jun Wu Yao would not have fallen into her trap.

Jun Wu Xie trusted in Han Zi Fei’s strength, but she couldn’t help but want to keep an eye on Yan Xi to prevent any radical actions on her part.

This was observed by Han Zi Fei and her heart warmed at Jun Wu Xie’s gesture, the smile on her face softening.

Han Zi Fei was born beautiful, and her soft smile was even more mesmerising. The beauty of Han Zi Fei stabbed Yan Xi and made her speak openly, ” Sacred Maiden, I was once a member of the Sacred Maiden Tribe, however, now I am working for Lord Jun Gu. And as Lord Jun Gu’s subordinate, there is something that Lord Jun Gu has asked me to speak on his behalf.”

“Oh? What is it?” Han Zi Fei asked.

Yan Xi took a deep breath and said, “Why does the Sacred Maiden intend to marry Lord Jun Gu?”

This question was not what Jun Gu wanted to ask, but instead it was Yan Xi herself who wanted an answer!

Han Zi Fei looked at Yan Xi’s tensed face and chuckled, “Lord Jun Gu is one of the Knights of Destruction. I want to marry him. Is there anything wrong with that?”

Yan Xi narrowed her eyes as she shifted her gaze to the outside of the hall. There was a hint of slyness in her eyes while her face remained calm. She continued to ask, “The Sacred Maiden and Lord Jun Gu have not met before, isn’t it a bit presumptuous to request His Lord to bestow a marriage between the two of you? Isn’t this too absurd?”

Yan Xi’s every move was noted by both Han Zi Fei and Jun Wu Xie. Naturally, they did not miss the emotions shining from her eyes.

However, Han Zi Fei said nonchalantly, “The Sacred Maiden of the Sacred Maidens Tribe is not someone whom ordinary people can marry. If it is not His Lord, then it is one of the Knights of Destruction. I have chosen an appropriate person, Why do I need any other reason?”

“So, the reason the Sacred Maiden chose Jun Gu is not because of himself, but because of his identity?” Yan Xi continued to ask.

Han Zi Fei waved her hand, and without hesitation, replied, “Yes.”

A cold light flashed past Yan Xi’s eyes!

Just as Han Zi Fei’s words sounded out, a figure suddenly appeared at the entrance of the main hall.