Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2848: Love at First Sight (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor:

Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Gu slowly walked into the hall. The moonlight fell on the white snow outside the hall and illuminated the surroundings behind him making his entrance even more charming. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Yan Xi was at loggerheads with Han Zi Fei moments ago.When she saw Jun Gu appear, all the suffocation and sharpness in her eyes disappeared almost instantly. All that was left was her obsession with love.

Jun Gu’s appearance was very outstanding in the Upper Realm. His temperament was special. It seemed mild, but there is no sign of weakness in his eyebrows. The bottom of his eyes seems to have a sharp edge, like a sword out of a sheath.

As soft and rigid as that, one could not ignore it.

This is the first time that some of the elders of the Sacred Maiden Tribe saw Jun Gu. They were surprised by Jun Gu’s youth and momentum. The gentle, but daunting temperament, was unusual. These were the people who had to go through a lot of challenges for them to become what they are today.

The appearance of Jun Gu was a huge mystery in the entire Upper Realm. No one knows exactly where he came from. Those who want to track down the history of Jun Gu had exhausted all their efforts and could not find any clues. He had no family background and no past at all. He just appeared in the Upper Realm out of thin air. As soon as he appeared, he came in glory as the Knight of Destruction whom no one could reach.

Jun Wu Xie watched the appearance of Jun Gu silently. The emotions in her heart had fluctuated silently, but her face remained insolent.

The first time I saw Jun Gu was in the Soul World. At that time, Jun Gu was still in a state of soul. But now Jun Gu had a real physical body, which left Jun Wu Xie in extreme doubt.

During that war many years ago, Jun Gu had already died. If it were not for the effect of the Soul Calming Jade, his soul might not be saved. No matter how complete the state of his soul was, Jun Gu ‘s physical body was completely preserved in Lin Palace in the Lower Realm. But Jun Gu now..... was no longer a spirit or soul. Where did his physical body come from?

Jun Wu Xie can’t help thinking of Gu Ying. The person who was smashed by Jun Wu Yao had saved the soul through a special method. Now that he has become the Highness Ying in the Upper Realm that everyone knew. Now Gu Ying had remodelled his own physical body. So.... is Jun Gu’s physical body the same as that of Gu Ying, also because of His Lord?

At the moment when everyone was watching Jun Gu, Jun Wu Xie secretly felt the change of the atmosphere in the hall.

As early as when Yan Xi entered the main hall, she already discovered the faint trace of the rhinoceros horn. But the scent was not like the smell produced when the rhinoceros horn was burning, it was more like a scent that remained on Yan Xi.

However, when Jun Gu walked into the hall, the faint rhinoceros horn scent became stronger. Jun Wu Xie could perceive that the fragrance came from Jun Gu. She looked at Jun Gu’s whole body without a miss. Eventually stopped on which little copper ball on Jun Gu’s waist ...

Strands of green smoke were slowly spreading out of the copper ball.

This time, the rhinoceros horn was not from Yan Xi, but from Jun Gu himself!

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes narrowed slightly.