Chapter 2854: Family of Three (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

When Jun Wu Xie had prepared everything, she looked up and saw Jun Wu Yao standing by the window. A beam of moonlight seeped through the slightly opened window and stretched his shadow alongside.

“You’re here?” Jun Wu Xie looked at Jun Wu Yao in surprise.

Jun Wu Yao chuckled and stepped forward, pinching the tip of her nose.

“You’ve forgotten about me when you saw your father. If I didn’t show up, did you forget that I came with you today?”

Jun Wu Xie opened her mouth. But in the end failed to say anything to refute.

What he said was really true ...

Before the banquet, Jun Wu Yao had already discussed with Jun Wu Xie that he would be hiding in the shadows. But after meeting Jun Gu, the only thoughts left in her mind were to save Jun Gu. Jun Wu Yao’s existence was completely forgotten and if he didn’t show himself, I’m afraid she would really forget it.

Looking at Jun Wu Xie’s honest response, Jun Wu Yao couldn’t help laughing, knowing how intense her concentration was. But why was she so honest? Although she didn’t say anything, her thoughts were reflected on her face, which really made him want to laugh and cry at the same time.

“Forget it, I’ve known for a long time that you can’t be bothered with me. After you left, I remained a moment longer in the hall. That Yan Xi seems to have not given up on your father and that Han Shu, it seems to have a lot of hostility towards Han Zi Fei. “Jun Wu Yao took Jun Wu Xie into his arms with a chill in his eyes.

Jun Wu Xie left in a hurry and did not notice. But Jun Wu Yao clearly saw everything happening outside the hall after they left.

Yan Xi did not disguise her hatred towards Han Zi Fei. She thought she would return sadly, but did not expect that before Yan Xi left, Han Shu suddenly came forward to talk to her.

Han Shu and Yan Xi were not familiar. Even long ago, Han Shu looked down on Yan Xi. However, there were no permanent friends and no permanent enemies in this world. When Han Shu realized that Yan Xi and her had something in common, everything changed.

Jun Wu Xie frowned slightly and ran away from Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei’s marriage. She had a lot of respect for Han Zi Fei. Naturally, she could not allow anyone to do harm to her.

“What else can they say?” Jun Wu Xie asked.

Jun Wu Yao said, “They didn’t say anything, but just expressed some dissatisfaction with Han Zi Fei. But they left together. If you are worried and want to know what plans they are up to, be on your guard these days . ”

Jun Wu Xie nodded, her gaze fell on the elixir in her hands. She already had a plan in her heart.

She pushed open the door and walked into the courtyard. Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu still looked at each other in the courtyard without saying anything.

“It’s done.” Jun Wu Xie whispered softly.

The sound fell in the stillness of the night. Han Zi Fei only felt that her heartstrings were quietly fluctuating. Her expression shuddered slightly.

Jun Gu looked at Jun Wu Xie coming out of her room a little puzzled. His eyes fell on Jun Wu Yao behind Jun Wu Xie.

When did this guy ... appear? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He was actually unaware of his presence?

Han Zi Fei took the elixir in Jun Wu Xie’s hands and looked at Jun Gu who was staring at Jun Wu Yao. She couldn’t help laughing.