Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 2864: To Nefarious Ends (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

However, this glance stunned Han Shu. What fell into her gaze was Jun Wu Xie, the wielder of the dual Spirit Rings, the person whom she wanted to win over. However, at this moment, instead of observing the grandiose scene, Jun Wu Xie’s gaze was not on Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu, nor was she looking at Han Shu, but...

She was looking at Yan Xi staring at Han Zi Fei!

Why was Jun Wu Xie staring at Yan Xi?

Han Xun was a little surprised. Previously, Jun Wu Xie had shown a slight difference in behaviour towards Han Zi Fei, and it was precisely because of this difference that Han Shu got so angry with Han Zi Fei. Today, it was the wedding of Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu, Han Shu had thought that when Jun Wu Xie accepted the invitation to attend the wedding, and upon seeing Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei’s union, it would erase any other intentions that Jun Wu Xie had.

Han Shu was confident in her appearance. She believed that as long as Han Zi Fei was absent, there would be no one else to compete with her appearance within the Sacred Maiden Tribe. And then, Jun Wu Xie would return her attention to Han Shu.

But...

Jun Wu Xie did not.

Since the beginning of the wedding ceremony, Jun Wu Xie had not looked at Han Shu more than once.

Even though that was the case, Han Shu comforted herself. But when she saw that Jun Wu Xie’s eyes were on Yan Xi, a sudden ominous premonition rose in her heart.

She opened her eyes slightly and looked at Yan Xi’s face.

In terms of appearance, although Yan Xi was beautiful, Yan Xi was definitely not as good looking as her. As Yan Xi had been away from the Sacred Maiden Tribe for a long time, and had been by Jun Gu’s side for many years, there was something about her that exuded experience and efficiency, less delicate and soft.

“I must be over thinking things. City Lord Yan ... how could he fancy her...” Han Shu didn’t dare to think any further. Jun Wu Xie was her last resort. As long as Han Zi Fei was gone, she wasn’t afraid to fight anyone for Jun Wu Xie.

Maybe Jun Wu Xie was looking at Yan Xi because she was part of Lord Jun Gu’s entourage.

Han Shu comforted herself constantly, however, the anxiety in her heart just grew stronger.

Through all this, Yan Xi remained unaware. She continued to stare at Han Zi Fei, watching as Jun Gu pulled Han Zi Fei into his arms, and kissed her brow. That kiss caused Yan Xi’s rationality to almost crumble.

She didn’t know how she survived the entire wedding ceremony. After everyone was gone, she was still standing in the snow, her heart full of hatred.

She had been with Jun Gu for so many years, Jun Gu was an excellent man who possessed such an enviable power. She thought that he would belong to her, but today, Han Zi Fei had snatched everything that should belong to her!!

How could she not hate Han Zi Fei!

However, within the entire Sacred Maiden Tribe, the only members who were caught up in their hatred were Yan Xi and Han Shu, the other members just wanted to watch the show.

Jun Gu’s status was too grand that even without Han Zi Fei, they still would not have the opportunity. Duan Qi and other elders were relieved though. Fortunately, everything proceeded smoothly without a hitch. After they send off Jun Gu and Han Zi Fei, they would be able to move forward with the matter of Jun Wu Xie.

“I wonder when Lord Jun Gu is going to leave?” Duan Qi held a stiff smile on her face while she asked in a fawning manner, as she looked at Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu who had entered the hall.