Chapter 2870: Unjustifiable Dispute (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

When Jun Wu Xie spoke, the whole banquet suddenly fell into silence . Everyone’s eyes were incredibly focused on Yan Xi, and those eyes were full of surprise and shock.

How could it be her?

No one expected that the person that Jun Wu Xie finally selected was actually Yan Xi whom Duan Qi used to make up the number of guests tonight.

This result was beyond everyone’s imaginations. Even Yan Xi herself did not expect such an ending.

Yan Xi opened her eyes wide and looked at the handsome boy in front of her. The blood on her face almost disappeared in an instant. She could clearly feel how insulting the looks from Duan Qi and Han Shu were. She didn’t even understand why it would turn out this way.

No one could guess all these, it seemed like the most ridiculous joke from heaven.

Yan Xi?

How could that be!

Everyone knows that Yan Xi ‘s appearance was not among the top maidens. She was not comparable to the gorgeous Han Zi Fei and Han Shu. In today’s banquet, Yan Xi’s appearance was definitely inferior. Any maiden picked from The Sacred Maiden Tribe would win over her appearance.

If it wasn’t for Yan Xi’s mastery of the witchcraft and chosen by His Lord to serve Jun Gu, no one in the entire tribe would notice her existence.

Yan Xi was such a dispensable person with a strange temper.

But...

Why did it have to be her?

Han Yan’s eyes almost bleed. She couldn’t believe it. After leaving Han Zi Fei, Jun Wu Xie’s choice was still not her, but Yan Xi!

The pale face expression that had never been seen on Han Shu revealed some pitiness at this moment. The tenderness tingled Han Shu’s eyes, and she completely forgot about her alliance with Yan Xi. She can’t wait to pounce on her immediately and tore that seductive face.

Han Shu and Yan Xi formed an alliance to get rid of Han Zi Fei. As long as Han Zi Fei was around, Han Shu could never calm down from her jealousy. She always thought that she was inferior. No matter how bad Han Zi Fei was, she had married Jun Gu. She would soon leave the Sacred Maiden Tribe and away from Han Shu’s sight. Now Han Shu only cares about Jun Wu Xie. She was very clear that the only way to please Jun Wu Xie was to improve her status in the tribe. This would be the last life-saving straw that Han Shu had held for her vanity.

Therefore, Han Shu tried her best to grasp this opportunity, but ...

This vital opportunity was snatched away from her allies that she had just formed!

This was something that Han Shu couldn’t endure.

Compared with the two, she would rather not have Yan Xi in this world and prefer to have Han Zi Fei continue to live. She would not let anyone steal Jun Wu Xie away! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this moment, Han Xi’s hatred for Yan Xi even surpassed that of Han Zi Fei. She stared at Yan Xi’s contorted face, and her hatred made her speak uncontrollably.

“Lord Yan, Yan Xi is not able to handle it right?”

Han Shu endured the fluctuations in her heart, but her tone has revealed her hatred at the moment.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Han Shu indifferently, “Why?”