Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2872: Unjustifiable Dispute (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Jun Wu Xie raised her hand to block Yan Xi’s way. For a moment, everyone present was shocked.

Han Shu was even more anxious. Seeing Yan Xi was about to get out of the way, how could Jun Wu Xie stop her from leaving?

Yan Xi was equally surprised. When she looked up at Jun Wu Xie, she saw a pair of extremely bright and clear eyes of a handsome-looking yet not so outstanding looking young man. Those eyes did not match his looks, but they were good looking.

If Yan Xi’s heart hadn’t liked and contained someone, this pair of eyes and Jun Wu Xie’s Dual Spirit Ring capabilities would definitely have attracted and moved her heart.

” Lord Yan?” Yan Xi didn’t know what she was thinking. All of a sudden, she changed her cold attitude and looked sadly at Jun Wu Xie. “It was Yan Xi’s fault to let down Lord Yan’s love. It’s just that Yan Xi has been following Lord Jun Gu, now it is ...”

Yan Xi was very clear that even though she had the intention to cling onto Jun Wu Xie, she was still the servant of Jun Gu after all. She has no freedom to do so.

Given the fact that Jun Gu was married and Jun Wu Xie’s admiration towards her, it wasn’t a tough decision to make after all. Even though Jun Wu Xie had not reached that high status like Jun Gu, with her Dual Spirit Ring capabilities, it was destined that Jun Wu Xie would not be any small fry. Big accomplishments and higher status awaited her.

Han Shu stared at Yan Xi’s behaviour, imagining herself tearing her clothes.

Bitch!

How dare she seduce Lord Yan publicly!

Jun Wu Xie noticed Yan Xi’s subtle change in behaviour. She turned her eyes calmly as she looked at the tense Duan Qi and said: “Elder Duan, whatever the reason that Yan Xi is here today, I chose her, and nothing can change it. Since you said that she is the servant of Lord Jun Gu, can I just get permission from Lord Jun Gu for this? “

Duan Qi froze completely. She didn’t expect that Jun Wu Xie really liked Yan Xi so much. Despite facing the risk of stealing people from Jun Gu, she still wanted to get Yan Xi. This was really beyond Duan Qi’s expectations. She thought that Jun Wu Xie was just playing around at the moment. She thought that Jun Wu Xie’s interest would stop and she could choose another person. But never did she think that it ...

Jun Wu Xie really planned to look for Jun Gu to ask for someone?

However, all had been said. She stated that she has no right to interfere with Yan Xi’s future. It was not so simple to change her mind at this moment.

“This ...” Duan Qi was a little embarrassed for a while.

But Han Shu could not stand it anymore. She could not control herself and endure anymore. She rushed forward and slapped Yan Xi fiercely in front of Jun Wu Xie. Half of Yan Xi’s face was flushed with redness!

“Bitch! How can there be such a shameless bitch like you in the world! You have been with Lord Jun Gu for many years. Who knows if your body is still clean? A dirty person like you still has the guts to hook up men everywhere! Is it that you want to frame Lord Yan? You must solicit the relationship between Lord Yan and Lord Jun Gu, you must die a violent death! “Han Shu pointed at Yan Xi, yelling continuously. Han Shu’s gorgeous face was covered with cursing and distortion.

She won’t let anyone snatch Lord Yan, no one will! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yan Xi was slapped by Han Shu. She covered her face with one hand, and felt a touch of sticky wetness on her palm. Han Shu’s slap had scratched her face with her nails.