Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2902: Sacred City (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

The Sacred City, located in the most central position of the Upper Realm, was surrounded by 72 cities. It sat on the most advantageous land of the Upper Three Realm and occupied the most extensive land. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At the same time, the Sacred City was also the highest place for everyone to climb to in the Upper Realm.

The experts of the Upper Realm were like clouds. The real elites were all concentrated in the Sacred City as there was a supreme ruler of the Upper Realm in command. Whether it was the Knights of Destruction or the Top Ten Experts, they had already left the other cities of the Upper Realm to live in the Sacred City.

In addition to these top experts, most of the strong ones in the Upper Realm had also been gathered in the Sacred City, surrounding His Lord to survive.

If you were to say that the 72 city masters were all outstanding, a casual guard in the Sacred City could be comparable to those of ordinary city lords. It can be said that the Sacred City was the most powerful city force in the Upper Realm.

It was not easy to enter the Sacred City. Anyone who had the opportunity to enter the Sacred City had to be screened personally by His Lord. Without the peak of the Gold Spirit, it was absolutely impossible to occupy a place in the Sacred City. Only those humble servants could enter the Sacred City to serve. Their low position was only limited to this.

In the Sacred City, outsiders who wished to enter had to obtain a city order to do so. Even though the city seemed rich and magnificent, the gate of the city seemed a bit deserted.

People inside the city were disdainful of going to other cities, while people outside the city were rarely qualified to enter.

Today, the gates of the Sacred City seemed to be a little lively. The gates that were deserted in the ordinary days were crowded these days. Many people have entered the Sacred City in recent days.

In a restaurant in the Sacred City, there were already bustling crowds. It looks like they were not residents from the city. They were more like outsiders.

I said ... This time the selection of the Top Ten Experts was really sudden. In the past, shouldn’t the selection of the Top Ten Experts be half a year in advance? How come it only took only half a month’s preparation time? A big man looked at his companion carefully and was a little rude. He deliberately lowered his voice when he spoke.

Someone sitting at the same table with the big man said: “Who knows if this is what His Lord meant, but I heard that it seems that several people have been killed by the Top Ten Experts before. The news has just been confirmed recently. ”

“Killed? I heard, it seems like ... Luo Qingcheng and another lord... This ... is it true? I thought I was passing on the rumors.” The other man was surprised.

You must know that the most famous of the Top Ten Masters was Luo Qingcheng, a leader among all lords. Among the Top Ten Experts, she was the only female and an apprentice of His Lord. From the perspective of outsiders, she was born with a huge aura. This powerful power made the original Top Ten Experts bowed their heads. Such a powerful person ... killed?

Some people really found this news unbelievable.

“Of course it is true, otherwise how do you think the Top Ten Experts will make room for others?”

“Oh my god, what a terrible character that can be to give a master like Lord Luo Qingcheng ...”

A group of people were clamouring about, exchanging all they heard on the grapevine. They were not people from the Sacred City and neither were they invited to participate in the Top Ten Experts selection trials.