Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2925: The Start Of The Selection (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

“Senior Bai’s words should be true. I also heard some news about the Knights of Destruction. It is said that with the exception of Lord Gu, who was the last to join, the other three are very cruel and not easy to deal with. In this selection, City Lord Yan should be more careful.” Nangong Lie cast a meaningful look towards Jun Wu Xie.

If Jun Wu Xie was truly Yan Hai, there would have been no need to worry. But in reality she was more like a time bomb, and posed great danger at all times.

Even though she possessed the strength of the Dual Spirit Rings, she was in enemy territory. If her identity were to be revealed, the consequences would be disastrous.

Ju Wu Xie nodded her head. In her heart, she was clear on this point.

Nangong Lie spoke to Jun Wu Xie for a while then left. Bai Mo had a very troubled look. He looked silently at Jun Wu Yao several times, with all his thoughts almost written on his face.

“Rest assured that when you are going to participate in the selection, I will lift your seal.” Jun Wu Yao said with a rare note of compassion. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Bai Mo kowtowed to show his immense gratitude.

The night before the trial, it was as normal as it could possibly be for Jun Wu Xie. Jun Wu Xie had anticipated that Jun Gun would not become the examiner, but she did not know if she could see her parents while in the Sacred City.

Over the course of one night, the atmosphere in the Sacred City had changed dramatically. The selection of the top ten exponents was in full swing. Naturally, Jun Wu Xie, Qiao Chu and the rest went to the selection venue as soon as they could, wanting to see the strength of the participants.

The huge venue was packed with innumerable people. Bai Mo was also brought there to accompany her, and the seal on his body had been lifted. Jun Wu Yao had immediately assigned him the task of maintaining Jun Wu Xie’s safety.

However....

Bai Mo felt that Jun Wu Yao was teasing him.

Was it not a joke that someone with Dual Spirit Rings needed his single Spirit Ring to protect her?

However, although he was full of complaints, he definitely did not dare to show it in front of Jun Wu Yao, and could only go along.

In the venue, one could see Bai Mo’s small body circling Jun Wu Xie like a little chicken protecting its food. Whenever anyone approached, he used his murderous gaze to force them away.

He was not afraid that others would harm Jun Wu Xie, but rather, he was afraid that if he didn’t pay attention, it would give the Devil King an excuse to teach him a lesson!

Moreover....

At this stage, Bai Mo could only accept his fate. Although the Devil King was a bastard, City Lord Yan looked very kind. Bai Mo had not forgotten his original purpose of approaching Jun Wu Xie. Since he could not resist the Devil King’s pressure, then he might as well be more attentive, maybe in a moment of compassion from City Lord Yan, and he might even get to share that elixir!

With this in mind, Bai Mo became more attentive to Jun Wu Xie, becoming nothing more than a lackey in the process.

In the venue, Jun Wu Xie even saw “old acquaintances”.

Surrounded by a group of people, the magnificent Bai Zhu, Lord of White Night City, held a folding fan, projected elegance and nobility while sitting on the viewing platform, watching the selection. Surrounded by a group of lackeys, Bai Zhu’s soaring posture seemed especially attractive and eye-catching.