Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2928: A Dangerous Omen (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Bai Mo was annoyed by Bai Zhu’s prideless appearance. Even though he had not bothered with the affairs of White Night City for a long time, he still held great pride for White Night City deep in his heart. No matter how powerful Jun Wu Xie was, as the Lord of White Night City, it was truly unbecoming for Bai Zhu to be so unnecessarily reverent.

Had it not been for his own internal power being sealed, Bai Mo might have killed the “unworthy successor” with a single slap.

It was utterly embarrassing for White Night City.

Unfortunately, Bai Zhu did not recognize Bai Mo at all, and didn’t realize the impression he was giving. Bai Mo’s face was turning red with anger, but all he cared about was saying what he wanted to say.

Jun Wu Xie listened quietly, she didn’t care about the compliments coming out of Bai Zhu’s mouth. It was, however, Bai Zhu’s information that Long Yao would read out His Lord’s will after the selection, which made her curious. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

In the Sacred City, it could be said that Jun Wu Xie and His Lord were well within each other’s reach, hope and danger were intermingled.

Maybe because Jun Wu Xie did not shoo Bai Zhu away, the other City Lords observing him all felt a little relieved.

During the selection, one could see all the City Lords lining up to either pledge their loyalty to Jun Wu Xie or pay her some kind of flattery. For a long period of time, there were a large number of people surrounding Jun Wu Xie, with her attracting far more attention than those exponents in the ring who were putting their lives on the line.

It was not until towards the end of the first day of the selection that the City Lords retreated, and allowed Jun Wu Xie to finally enjoy a moment of peace.

After the first day of the selection, a strong exponent with peak Gold Spirit had emerged victorious. After the fierce battle, he was already bruised and exhausted, but he looked like a man who was soaking in his glory, standing in the center of the ring, while waving his fists with excitement and showing his strength.

However, in the entire arena, the spectators cheering him on were few and far between, everyone’s eyes merely glanced over him before looking at the man sitting in the highest seat of the arena.

Long Yao, one of the Knights of Destruction, who was also a judge at this selection. He had been in that seat for a long time and throughout the selection, wore a look of impatience on his face.

In terms of appearance, Long Yao was not exceptional. Under his burly figure, his slightly vicious face made people feel uncomfortable and unapproachable. Even a person as big and tall as a tree would think twice before approaching him.

Long after the victor showed off his victory to little applause, he finally realized that he was being ignored, and exited silently with the help of his companions.

What everyone knew was that today’s game was of no consequence. No matter how fierce that fighter was, he had no chance to enter the Top Ten. He was, at best, just an appetizer, not qualified to even stand next to the real competitors.

Long Yao watched the people leave the platform as his sharp eyes swept around the quiet arena.

The day had ended, and the sun had set in the west. However none left the arena and all looked at Long Yao nervously.

“Sir, is it possible to start?” a guard standing behind Long Yao asked respectfully.