Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2949: Anger (3)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Although Bai Mo was capable, his spirit energy had been sealed. How would he have been an opponent of the Spirit Ring exponents?

Just when Bai Mo thought he was going to die, Fan Zhuo suddenly arrived. However, the opponent who came was not one but two people instead. One was following behind him. Bai Mo did not know how to describe that situation. He had no spirit energy and he could only give up the hope of surviving completely.

But he did not expect ...

Pursued by two Spirit Ring exponents, Fan Zhuo had unexpectedly chosen to protect him ...

Fan Zhuo detonated his Ring Spirit directly, and shocked the two of them. He was already seriously injured and Bai Mo took advantage of that window of opportunity to pick Fan Zhuo up and jumped out of the window. He happened to meet Nangong Lie and that was how they survived.

Qiao Chu and Hua Yao’s situation was similar. At the same time, they were attacked by two Top Ten Experts. Thanks to Hua Yao’s final blow, Qiao Chu found an opportunity to escape.

As for Fei Yan and Rong Ruo ...

Although Nangong Lie had said it easily, all these sounded like thunder to Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie knew very well the strength and abilities of her companions. Even though they were very talented, their cultivation time was short, so how could they fight against the true Spirit Ring exponents?

It was already a great luck to be able to survive from meeting one.

But Rong Ruo ...

Jun Wu Xie looked at Fei Yan before her as her heart felt torned apart.

According to Qiao Chu’s description on the battlefield of Fei Yan before Nangong Lie, she was afraid that Rong Ruo had already...

The thought of such a gentle person suddenly disappeared.... The anger in Jun Wu Xie’s heart started burning like a fire.

“It’s alright, after the matter is over, we will go to the Spirit World and to the Soul World. Little Ruo is such a good person, she would not easily leave this world. We will find her.” Fei Yan comforted him.

2

“Really ... really?” Fei Yan’s voice shook terribly. One could hear the faint expectations in his voice.

“The Spirit Tree has bred thousands of souls. It said that the soul is reborn in the reincarnation, his masters and the ancestors will remain the same. We can go to Little Ruo. But you must promise that you must recuperate well. Otherwise, how can you go to see her? “Jun Wu Xie whispered softly.

Fei Yan’s body froze slightly and finally slowly released his grip.

However, if he could see now, he would surely find out how sad Jun Wu Xie was when she said these words.

A dead body, the soul could remain. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

But in the scene that Qiao Chu saw, was the kind of powerful explosion that was not easily achieved. Fan Zhuo blew his own Ring Spirit, it not only destroyed a room, but an entire street!

Such a strong explosion could not be done just by spontaneous detonation. It was clear that it detonated the soul as well ...

Self detonation of a soul... how could the soul still survive?

However, some words were things she could never say to Fei Yan.

This was the first time Jun Wu Xie concealed the truth from her companions. But she had to do so. Fei Yan seemed to have the last hope, and his spirit was relaxed. Only then Jun Wu Xie had a chance to remove the bandage on his face to see his injury.

But with one look, all the rage that she had tried to suppress had rekindled in an instant!