Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2957: Come Out and Die! (1)

Translator: Misty Cloud Translations Editor: Misty Cloud Translations

Long Yao definitely would not allow someone with Dual Spirit Rings to stand tall in the Sacred City!

As soon as Long Yao said this, even Fang Jinghe, who up till then had been so effusive towards him, suddenly became very embarrassed and several other Top Ten exponents followed suit.

Long Yao’s intentions could not be more obvious, he wanted to use these attacks to incite feelings of revenge within Jun Wu Xie and get her to take action, exposing herself in the process. But....

Do not forget she was a bearer of Dual Spirit Rings!

The very same people who were full of arrogance when fighting with Qiao Chu now could not help but feel guilty.

Getting them to provoke a furious Dual Spirit Ring bearer was as good as sending them to their death. Who among them could withstand an attack from her?

Regardless of what back up Long Yao would arrange, the thought of facing Jun Wu Xie in the first place left them defeated mentally.

If it could be done... nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

They all would have all rejected the plan.

However...

“What is it? You don’t want to go?” Long Yao said with murderous intent in his voice that nobody in the room could deny.

Several masters, in an instant, felt an invisible force of pressure being exerted on them and even found it difficult to breathe.

“We would never disobey Lord Long Yao’s orders, please be assured we will follow them!” Fang Jinghe was the first to relax enough to speak. If they rejected Long Yao, they might not even see the next day.

Although they were the Top Ten exponents, their power could not hold a candle to that of the Knights of Destruction!

By luring Jun Wu Xie into action, one or two of them might die but if they did not do it, all of them would be dead!

Fang Jinghe and the rest each hoped they would not be the unlucky ones and reluctantly agreed.

At this, Long Yao was satisfied, “Don’t worry, I will send someone to protect you in secret. As soon as Yan Hai strikes, they will appear.”

Long Yao’s assurances were useless and did nothing to calm them down. Anyone, except a fool, knew that unless Long Yao himself was protecting them, the only purpose his people would serve was to prove that Jun We Xie violated the rules, nothing else.

Could they still count on those Gold Spirit and Spiritual Inscriptions experts to protect them?

Nobody dared to say what was really on their minds and could only thank Long Yao grudgingly.

Just when Long Yao was satisfied and waiting for Jun Wu Xie to fall into his trap, the originally quiet arena erupted into life with a thunderous sound that shook his eardrums. Long Yao was annoyed by this and turned his head, wondering what the commotion was about.

When Long Yao cast his gaze on the arena, he froze!

On the huge platform in the arena stood a slim figure that burned into Long Yao’s retinas like a bolt of lightning and all of Long Yao’s plans evaporated instantly.

He sat a youthful figure with an icy cold stare, clothed in a robe as white as snow and with jet black hair flowing in the wind exuding an indescribable awe.