Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2973 I want to challenge six of them 3

Obviously it was a one-on-six battle. But the moment when Top Ten Experts arrived on the ring, victory and defeat were already revealed in the people’s hearts.

Those six people who were arrogant and brave in front of the crowd on normal days. Now that they were in front of Jun Wu Xie, they were all trembling and frightened.

The six stood trembling on the ring platform with their heart beating wildly. If it were to be others, they would not be so timid. But the person standing on the ring platform was the formidable Jun Wu Xie.

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes swept away from the people in front of her. Before long, Nangong Lie had shown her portraits of the Top Ten Experts. Bai Mo and Qiao Chu had also identified the attackers.

The whole arena became quiet at this moment. Everyone held their breath, waiting for the sound of this battle to start.

Long Yao was sitting on a high platform. Although his expression was not abnormal, in fact, he had already reached the point where he felt as if he was sitting on needles. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He successfully provoked Jun Wu Xie’s anger. But he miscalculated Jun Wu Xie’s way of revenge. The current situation made it difficult for Long Yao to handle. He could only watch the prelude to Jun Wu Xie’s revenge.

The Top Ten Experts’ hearts were thumping wildly. If they could, they would wish to kneel in front of Jun Wu Xie and immediately beg for mercy, grovel at her feet to ask for their lives. But when they saw Jun Wu Xie’s murderous eyes, it had been understood that Jun Wu Xie would never let them go.

“Damn it! Let’s just give it our all and fight with him! I don’t believe that he can really win us alone.” One of the Top Ten Experts roared, trying to build up some morale for himself.

Others also worked hard to build up their morales, but the effect was minimal.

“Come on.” Jun Wu Xie lowered her eyes slightly, unwilling to look at those disgusting faces again.

She would never forget that moment when she opened the door, the scene of desperation that was forced upon her companions.

Blood debt must be repaid with blood!

When Jun Wu Xie’s words ended, Fang Jinghe and others had not yet reacted to what was going on. The figure of Jun Wu Xie disappeared in an instant.

A mighty force surged on the ring, the blue whirlwind and the green whirlwind were intertwined, and the entire ring was swallowed up instantly!

There was an uproar in the arena. Under the crisscross of the two whirlwinds, everyone couldn’t see what was happening on the ring. But when the sickening blood stench filled every corner of the arena, people could not help gagging.

They didn’t know what was happening on the platform. But just by watching the two whirlwinds mixed with bloody images was enough to make them imagine the horrors.

Long Yao stood up from his chair in disbelief, the blood on his face had already faded in an instant. He stared at the bloody wind on the platform, and his heart almost jumped out of his throat.

How could he be ... so strong!

Long Yao opened his mouth in surprise, the strength of the Dual Spirit Ring was far beyond his expectations. He couldn’t see what happened in the ring at all!

An unprecedented fear shrouded Long Yao’s head at this moment. This fear was exactly the same as when he followed and bowed under His Lord.

This ...

Is this the strength of the Dual Spirit Ring? !!