Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2993 Dead or alive 2

Bai Zhu?

How could it be Bai Zhu?

Bai Zhu, who had long been poisoned by Jun Wu Xie, had no bones left. How could he appear in the crystal ball? This scene really exceeded Jun Wu Xie’s cognition.

It was only soon that Jun Wu Xie calmed down. She realized that in the crystal ball was not Bai Bai but his soul. But Jun Wu Xie was a little surprised. After death, his soul would not be destroyed. It would become a lonely ghost, gradually losing consciousness and the memories of his life dissipate in the world.

Or if one had a powerful soul, one could either enter the Spirit World or enter the Soul World.

In addition to the Spirit World and the Soul World, among the Three Realms, even if there were countless souls around them, it was also invisible to others, like air.

It was never heard that anyone could capture the soul. That was like the strange stories of ghosts and gods that were heard by Jun Wu Xie in the past. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

But Bai Zhu’s soul was so clear in front of her. In the crystal ball, the original beautiful face had been twisted in fright and despair. He opened his mouth like he was roaring, he was like crying for help, just ... but no voice came out.

Su Ruiying sat at the table with a smile on her face, holding a carving knife and the head of the half-engraved puppet, while looking at Bai Zhui’s face, while engraving the calm look of Bai Zhu on the puppet.

Under the dim light, Su Rui’s red lips cracked. The scar on her face merged with the strange smile, making a chill run along one’s spine.

“Why do you want to make it so painful? Continue to live in the form of a puppet, isn’t it a new life?” Su Ruiying didn’t seem to notice Bai Zhu’s fear at all. While carving, she seemed to be saying something to Bai Zhu.

“I heard that you died so badly that you were not even left with a body. Now that the gate of the Soul World has been closed, no matter how good your soul is, you can’t go there. You can only be a lone wandering soul, floating about in the Three Realms. No one can see you, no one can hear you and you can only watch those who are familiar with you forget you little by little... until one day, you would have forgotten your own origin, become a ghost, and completely disappear between heaven and earth ... Everything I do now is to help you. Look at the companions on this shelf.” A smile crept up on her face. At the end of it all, she seemed to be immersed in feeling how great she was as she opened her eyes and showed a joyful smile. She turned the crystal ball slightly so that Bai Zhu could clearly see the rows of puppets in the room.

Those delicate and lifelike puppets were placed neatly. When Su Ruiying finished her words, she looked at the crystal ball.

Bai Zhu who was in the crystal ball screamed out in panic, but no one could hear any sound. He panicked and trembled.

This City Lord would never dream that he won’t even get a moment of peace even after his death.

It was his own soul that had become a plaything of others. Eternally imprisoned in that little puppet.