Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3015 Fast death 3

From the alleys to the streets, Long Yao’s speed was amazing. The pedestrians on the streets could not see his figure. They could only feel a gust of wind sweep through and dust rolling up.

In panic, Long Yao repeatedly knocked over the small stalls beside the street, which slowed down his speed, and the people on the street could see that it was Long Yao.

This look made people on the street dumbfounded.

The name of the Knight of Destruction was not well known in the Upper Realm. Only in the Sacred City, its status and prestige were deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. Among the Four Knights of Destruction, the only one known by people was Long Yao, who once served as the examiner of the Top Ten Experts selection contest.

Long Yao’s face was quickly recognized and before people could rush up to greet him, they were surprised to find that Long Yao, who was usually arrogant, was now in a state of panic. His fear could not be concealed, as he looked absolutely delirious and terrified, nothing of his usual demeanor could be seen.

That feeling ...

It’s like being chased and killed.

Long Yao?

Long Yao, one of the Knights of Destruction, would actually be chased and killed?

This must be an illusion.

No one believed what they had seen.

However, just when everyone felt dazzled, Long Yao who was in a flurry suddenly stopped.

Ten yards away in front of him, a slender figure appeared quietly, obviously so thin like a high wall that could not be crossed, blocking Long Yao’s way.

Long Yao stood on the spot, cold sweat oozing from his forehead. He looked at Jun Wu Xie who was a few steps away and his heart almost leapt out of his throat.

“Huh? Isn’t that the Sea Spirit City Lord Yan Hai? This is ... what’s going on?” Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

On the streets, the bustling crowds stopped because of the appearance of Long Yao and Jun Wu Xie. Everyone stopped and looked at these two famous characters in Sacred City.

Long Yao’s identity was doomed to his great reputation.

But Jun Wu Xie’s strength had become her bargaining chip admired by thousands of people. Whether it was her glorious record of eliminating the 72 cities, the killing the Top Ten Experts in a one-on-six or her easy feat of sending Bai Zhu to hell, these had all made her a prominent figure in Sacred City, standing on the cusp of the storm.

Even though the news that Jun Wu Xie was about to become a Knight of Destruction had not spread but in the Sacred City and the entire Upper Realm, no one dares to underestimate Jun Wu Xie.

Just that...

The situation between these two people was strange.

The embarrassment on Long Yao’s face was already very obvious, especially Long Yao’s look at Jun Wu Xie is full of fear, which was something that everyone dared not think about.

A Knight of Destruction would even show such awkward posture in front of Jun Wu Xie. It looked more like Long Yao was really being hunted down and the person who hunted him happened to be one of the strongest in the Upper Realm!

For a while, the people on the street were dumbfounded and they dared not move amidst the strange atmosphere on the street.

Neither Long Yao nor Jun Wu Xie were people whom they dared to provoke.

They were only curious about what happened that Jun Wu Xie dared to strike in public against a Knight of Destruction!