Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3017 Fast death 5

The entire space seems to be torn into pieces at this moment. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Those with a slight lack of strength could not bear the impact of the aftermath. They fell onto the ground one by one.

No one had noticed when a faint scent of blood started to permeate in the air and as time ticked by, the stench of blood became heavier and heavier. Very soon, the suffocating stench of blood smothered the surroundings, making it very unbearable and made people feel like retching.

With a torrential whirlwind sweeping across and countless flashes of light dashing by, the entire place had soon turned into a nightmare.

This stirred people’s memories of an incident that happened not too long ago of a ferocious battle that took place on one of the streets right here in Sacred City. After that, all that remained on that street was a blood-stained butterfly. Till now, it had not been washed away.

Sounds of terror and destruction ensued as a heavy oppression pressed down upon those remaining people and they felt as if it would crush their internal organs any moment. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared without a trace.

When the people raised their heads amidst their panic, all they saw on the street was death itself.

In the chaos, they saw ...

Long Yao was soaked in blood, a sorry cut figure who was struggling to stand as he leaned against the wall. Fresh crimson blood was flowing along his legs and very soon had spread to his feet, gradually forming a pool of blood beneath his feet.

Blood.

Dazzling red blood.

But if one looked closely, one would have noticed.

Long Yao did not stand on his own. There was a hand stained with blood that had already penetrated his chest silently and quietly. Within the slender fingers, she was holding a beating heart.

But in the next second, it was crushed!

Jun Wu Xie withdrew her hand and looked coldly at Long Yao, who had already breathed his last crumbled onto the ground.

The shock and anxiety he experienced before his death was still frozen on his face.

With a thump, Long Yao fell into the pool of blood under the eyes of everyone. The thick bloody smell filled everyone’s nose.

A horrified scream came out of someone’s mouth, tearing the silence at this moment. It also terrified people’s hearts. At this moment, everyone’s eyes were focused on Jun Wu Xie.

Inexplicable fear shrouded each of them.

They were afraid.

Really afraid.

They were afraid that Jun Wu Xie would choose to send them to hell in order to seal everyone’s mouth.

However...

Jun Wu Xie just looked at Long Yao’s body for a moment. She ignored those who were trembling by the side. She turned around as if nothing had happened, slowly leaving everyone’s sight.

It wasn’t until the moment when Jun Wu Xie stepped out of sight, those frightened people had already fallen to the ground awkwardly, panting and gasping for air as if they had just been drowning in water just a minute ago.

How crazy was this man to dare to kill a Knight of Destruction in public?

They dared not imagine.

The only thing they knew was that they dare not provoke this person in their entire life.

The death of Long Yao was so sudden. But due to his identity and the fact that he was slain in front of everyone, the news of his death spread quickly throughout Sacred City.

Back at her residence, Su Ruiying was still feeling tangled as she was wrecking her brains on how she was going to deal with Jun Wu Xie. Upon hearing the news of Long Yao’s death, she was completely stunned and looked at the ghoul masked man incredulously as she asked:

“Dead? Long Yao ... is dead?”