Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3025 Surprise discovery 1

Su Ruiying was awkward and she could only respond with a smile.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao lived in Su Ruiying’s residence. No matter how reluctant Su Ruiying’s heart was, she could only grit her teeth and swallow it. .

It was just that...

That night, Su Ruiying was completely restless. Even her favorite soul puppets could not not calm her inner fears. She locked herself in the room and didn’t dare go anywhere. She just wanted to pass these three days as soon as possible, so that Jun Wu Xie could leave soon.

Su Ruiying did not dare to go out. But it was the best time for Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao to go out.

After studying the array totem behind the puppet, Jun Wu Xie already had a way to deal with it. They were both very curious about Su Ruiying’s room and it was as if there was a voice telling her that in there, she could find what she seeked.

Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao used Spirit Reinforcement to isolate the sight of the soul. This method could only cause the blinding effect on the soul. If it was a living person, it had no effect.

Taking advantage of the cloak of the dark night, the two finally pushed open that room door of Su Ruiying’s soul puppets.

A candlelight was still lit in the room. As the door was pushed open, the night wind suddenly entered as the flame on the candlelight started to sway.

On the cabinets standing against the wall, there were exquisite puppets. Each of which were works of art. Jun Wu Xie swept her gaze over and very soon, Bai Zhu’s puppet was found on one of the shelves.

It sat motionless in the cupboard, quietly like a lifeless doll, but those eyes flashed faintly in the firelight, full of despair.

Jun Wu Xie withdrew her gaze. Before she knew Su Ruiying, she did not realize that there was such a thing as the survival of the soul. Therefore, Bai Zhu’s soul was retained. But when dealing with Long Yao, Jun Wu Xie did not give Long Yao any chance. She used her handful of soul-fixing methods to crush Long Yao’s heart, and at the same time, shredded Long Yao’s soul.

Even if Su Ruiying had the ability that surpassed the sky, it was absolutely impossible for Long Yao to live again.

“In this room, there is a lot of resentment.” Jun Wu Yao bowed his head to Jun Wu Xie through the shielding effect of the Spiritual Reinforcement.

In the eyes of those puppets, they could not be seen, nor could they hear their voices.

The whole room was filled with a chill that made people feel uncomfortable and there was grievance mixed in it. That was the grievance that could only be felt by people who have spent some time in the Soul World. It comes from the soul.

Jun Wu Xie also felt it, but she let herself ignore those grievances as much as possible. In this room of Su Ruiying’s, there were quite a number of puppets in the room. The amount of grievances could be imagined.

Jun Wu Xie looked at Su Ruiying’s desk. Apart from a few carved half-dolls, she found a worn sheepskin book in the drawer and opened the pages. The handwriting of dragon and phoenix was revealed in front of her eyes. . Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Rather than saying that it was a book, it was better to say that this was Su Ruiying’s daily record.

The above clearly records her process of sculpting each puppet, and the beauty of those puppets. The words and phrases seem bland, but they made one feel chilled.