Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3078 The Final battle 6

The chaos array that the God of Destruction left outside the temple was created by the breath left by the powerful god he had seen. The God of Destruction had discovered the power of this chaos power since then. However, no matter how he tried, he could not integrate that kind of chaos power into his own divine power.

Even, his own divine power had a great sense of repulsion to this power of chaos. A little absorption would bring great pain and torture to his soul, which makes him unable to absorb the dream power. It could only be transformed into a powerful circle, a circle enough to trap the gods. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It’s just that with the passage of time, the power of the chaos that supports the chaos array was getting thinner and thinner. So from the beginning, God of Destruction never thought about how long the chaotic array method would be used to trap Jun Wu Xie, he just wanted to let Jun Wu Xie before they were sacrificed to experience that powerful endless power.

However, the God of Destruction never dreamed that the chaos power that made him pursue for nearly ten thousand years was actually absorbed by Jun Wu Xie and integrated into her power, even if only a little, it was enough to change everything!

The intense reaction of the Destruction God made Jun Wu Xie’s eyes light up slightly. The chaos power she and Jun Wu Yao obtained was indeed powerful. But the power was not extremely rich, and the chaos power could nourish the original in their bodies. However, the divine power and the dark spirit did not replace it. Because of this, Jun Wu Xie did not care too much.

But.....

God of Destruction’s reaction far exceeded her expectations. God of Destruction showed signs of collapse for this matter, which made Jun Wu Xie quite concerned.

She exchanged a glance with Jun Wu Yao quietly, and there was no need to talk about each other’s understanding.

When the God of Destruction was in shock, Jun Wu Xie’s eyes looked at the ghost soul that was almost forgotten by people ...

Gu Ying.

He stood silently in the hall, as if he did not exist. There was no sound from him at all.

But Jun Wu Xie didn’t ignore it, she was not resigned to it.

Gu Ying may have known the truth early in the morning. He was as clever as he was. He suffered such a miserable childhood when he was in the Middle Realms. Under the oppression of ancient meaning, he secretly lived for so many years. In his heart, he had no desire for affection. He will not doubt the motive of the God of Destruction to find him back.

Gu Ying’s temptation to himself before and after, he may be looking for the last life-saving straw ...

Gu Ying also seemed to notice Jun Wu Xie’s gaze. His deep eyes slightly lifted up, quietly facing Jun Wu Xie’s indifferent eyes. The enemies that had fought many times now, but now stood very delicately above the position.

The gaze of the two met for only a moment that was simply unnoticeable.

While all eyes were fixed on God of Destruction, watching his expression become more and more fierce, he suddenly opened his mouth and said.

“Well, this is a good thing!”