Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3081 Seizing Everything 2

Jun Wu Xie was completely stunned. She still remembered the moment when the God of Light dissipated, the last whisper.

[Ying. ]

That was the last sigh before the God of Light disappeared, softly, helplessly, wondering how much of his thoughts and sadness he had been immersed in.

Because of his love, he destroyed the entire land of the gods. He was trapped in the Seven World of Dreams in endless remorse and self-blame. One would wonder if he would still think of the woman whom he was once so obsessed with.

He once said that she was the kindest person he had ever seen, who had a delicate heart, the purest heart in the world ...

Jun Wu Xie couldn’t link the woman mentioned by God of Light with the Su Ruiying she had seen.

Su Ruiying, a cruel person who controlled the souls. A person who could ruin the souls mercilessly, and arbitrarily manipulate the soul was actually a woman who was missed by the God of Light... This was really incredible.

Looking at the silver ball of light in the hands of God of Destruction, Jun Wu Xie suddenly understood the cruelty of God of Destruction.

Chi Yan was a benevolent and just king, but God of Destruction has taken away his kindness, making him a killing machine that only obeyed himself, and ordered him to kill the people he had desperately wanted to protect. Watching the people they once became, under the indulgence of the God of Destruction, they became cold-hearted monsters.

Su Ruiying once had a pure heart and a beautiful face that moved the gods. But ... the God of Destruction had stripped everything she once had, making her an ugly and cruel demoness ... ...

The God of Destruction was deliberately manipulating their fate, digging them away from their precious goodness and burying in the evilness that should not belong to them.

Extremely insulting and ironic.

Jun Wu Xie’s eyes fell subconsciously to the other two spheres of light. She knew that one of them belonged to her father.

In case...

If she did not meet her father in Soul Realm, it would not take long for Jun Gu to become a cold-hearted executioner under the control of God of Destruction.

He would forget everything in the past, glory and kindness ...

With a loud thud.

The God of Destruction smashed the silver ball of light.

The faint silver light spread on the ground and gradually disappeared, Jun Wu Xie remained silent. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Perhaps, for Chi Yan and Su Ruiying, death was their real relief. If they could find themselves back and remember everything they had done over the years, they would live in self-blame, eternal life in remorse and there would never be salvation.

“This is Long Yao, he ... I didn’t like him at first. After all, he was just a good person, so selfless to everyone, so indifferent to everything. And his power was pretty good.” The God of Destruction took a blue ball and pouted as he looked bored. He didn’t seem to intend to say anything, but just raised his hand to smash the ball of light.

Jun Wu Xie’s brows wrinkled deeper, and her eyes fell on the only remaining green sphere of light at the moment.

Jun Wu Yao faintly felt the change of Jun Wu Xie’s breath. He used his own dark spirit to protect Jun Wu Xie’s surroundings without any traces to prevent any accidents.

The God of Destruction did not reach out in a hurry. He just looked up at Jun Wu Xie and the smile on his face was strangely creepy