Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3086 Decisiveness 3

The deafening sound passed from the eardrum to the heart.

Jun Wu Xie stunned and looked at the fine stars scattered in the hall before her. The dust that shone with light was scattered on the ground. When it fell to the ground, it turned into nothing. This scene was deeply carved in Jun Wu Xie’s eyes and heart.

An invisible, strong and huge force rushed quietly towards Jun Wu Xie’s soul. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

In the explosion, the whole hall trembled. The blood-red mist that had originally diffused in the hall quietly dispersed a little in this shock.

The God of Destruction incredulously widened his eyes and looked at the empty wheelchair. In the large hall, he opened his eyes to look around for something, but as a result, an explosion sounded in his brain.

If you want to sacrifice the Three Realms and break through the void, one must rely on the power of the two souls of the outside world, but ...

He never imagined that when he thought he had won the game, Jun Wu Yao would choose to blow himself up so decisively! !

With the total destruction of the soul and real body.

And such a result ... God of Destruction’s plan was a complete failure.

Without the existence of an otherworldly soul, his sacrificial array ... how could it be carried out?

Ruined, everything was ruined ...

The God of Destruction sat on the throne depressed. He had calculated everything, but he had not anticipated that Jun Wu Yao would choose to sacrifice himself for Jun Wu Xie.

He did not even leave any ...

Jun Wu Yao’s self destruction shocked everyone. Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu stared widely and could hardly believe what they saw.

That powerful man, had just ... vanished? Just like that?

Almost at the same time, Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu immediately turned their concerned gazes to Jun Wu Xie. A sense of panic that had never been felt before rose in their hearts.

Jun Wu Yao had sacrificed his body and soul, then their Little Xie ...

Jun Wu Xie stood quietly in the hall as her downcast eyes hid the flurry of raging emotions in her eyes. Her sleeves and her black hair were billowing around her although there was no evident wind.

“Little ... Little Xie...” Han Zi Fei looked at the motionless Jun Wu Xie. Her heart was no longer calm as she became more and more nervous.

She knew her daughter very well. No matter how calm she looked on the surface, her heart was not as indifferent on the inside. Han Zi Fei once heard everything from Jun Wu Yao about how they had met, their various encounters and how their love had blossomed.

Han Zi Fei knew that even now, Jun Wu Xie had never said it, but as long as Jun Wu Yao was by her side, she had the courage to face everything.

But...

Now that Jun Wu Xie had personally witnessed Jun Wu Yao make his choice to sacrifice himself in front of her, she did not dare imagine how this matter would affect Jun Wu Xie.

In the hall, the only one that remained calm was the soul of Gu Ying. He was in his soul state and the impact he felt was much smaller than others. In his view, Jun Wu Yao’s choice was right, he raised his eyes and looked at the God of Destruction with a twisted face as a sneer appeared at the corner of his lips.

The God of Destruction would eventually pay for his arrogance.

Losing Jun Wu Yao’s soul, how would he break through the void? What’s more, how would he handle someone’s upcoming revenge?