Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3088 This Is Vengeance 2

The hearts of Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu had already reached their throats. They wished they could rush to Jun Wu Xie immediately to stop the God of Destruction’s plan.

The malignant intention of Destruction God was too obvious and seeing his twisted expression made them extremely wary.

Standing at the side, Gu Ying’s brows were light as he watched as the God of Destruction approach Jun Wu Xie step by step. However, Jun Wu Xie did not respond. This situation made Gu Ying find it a little strange.

Why was this happening?

Is it true that Jun Wu Xie was really stimulated by Jun Wu Yao’s death?

The danger was near. Was she really going to give up resistance?

Gu Ying’s heart constantly raised a lot of doubts. But in the end, he subconsciously denied his doubts.

No, Jun Wu Xie was not that easy to defeat.

After playing several times with Jun Wu Xie, Gu Ying knew very well how powerful this petite woman looking body was.

Then ...

What was she waiting for?

Just as Gu Ying continued to deliberate, the God of Destruction had already approached Jun Wu Xie and he was only three steps away from her.

The vicious cold light bloomed from the eyes of God of Destruction. He slowly reached out his hand and stretched it towards Jun Wu Xie’s neck.

Just in an instant, a few rays of light suddenly rushed in from outside the hall. In the blink of an eye, they rushed towards the God of Destruction!

The God of Destruction retreated back a few steps at the same time, avoiding the impact of those streaks of light.

The streaks of lights appeared before Jun Wu Xie. As the lights dissipated, four towering figures suddenly stood defensively in front of Jun Wu Xie! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“Want to touch Little Xie, defeat us first!” Qiao Chu stood angrily in front of Jun Wu Xie, defending her. The red aura ignited around him was like a raging flame, a circle of dazzling light appeared above his left hand as a Spirit Ring shone brightly. Fei Yan, Hua Yao and Fan Zhuo stood respectively beside Qiao Chu. The four tall figures formed an insurmountable high wall in front of Jun Wu Xie. The pace of the Destruction God’s attack was blocked.

Qiao Chu and others originally recuperated at the residence arranged by Nangong Lie according to Jun Wu Xie’s request. But not long ago, Nangong Lie suddenly brought news that both Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao broke into the Sacred Hall. After hearing that, the five of them could not sit still anymore. They didn’t dare to stay for a while longer. They could only put the puppet Rong Ruo under the care of Bai Mo and they rushed to the Sacred Hall together.

When entering the temple, blood flowed along the road. The damaged corpses piled up like a mountain. The thick bloody smell filled each of their noses and stimulated their nerves. Their hearts were full of fear. They rushed over at full speed. They were afraid of what would happen to Jun Wu Xie and Jun Wu Yao. Just before they entered the hall, they saw that the God of Destruction was approaching Jun Wu Xie step by step. Their minds exploded and they rushed over without caring for their own lives.

What shocked them was that besides Jun Wu Xie and the God of Destruction, Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu were also present and not only that, there was another familiar presence!

They had all been to the Soul World. They knew the state of the soul body. Gu Ying standing on the side, his translucent body, clearly looked like a soul body!

The situation in front of them was so complicated that several of them could not react at all.