Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3091 Betrayal 1

Blood was all around and the stench of death permeated the hall.

Han Zi Fei and Jun Gu were tied up and unable to move. They could only watch helplessly as the bloody scene played out in front of their very eyes. The youths that they had come to look upon as their own children were repeatedly trying to block the God of Destruction’s exit at the cost of their own lives.

How they wished they could break free of those shackles, rush over and bear the suffering instead of them.

Gu Ying looked on with a serious expression, as a spiritual body, he could no longer smell the blood being split. He could only watch Qiao Chu and the others getting gradually soaked with blood and the pools of blood around their feet growing ever larger. As he watched, he felt more and more conflicted.

Gu Ying had long known that Jun Wu Xie and those before him shared a close bond formed out of many years of friendship. It was an intimacy that was foreign to him as he had been ignored by all since he was young, even when he was holding the title of Blood Fiend Palace’s Young Lord.

In reality, he was merely a cur, a weapon, a pawn that was raised by Gu Yi.

In the Blood Fiend Palace, his strange situation was well known, even though the elders and disciples showed respect and were obedient in front of him, Gu Ying saw disdain in their eyes.

Nobody cared about his opinion or even whether he lived or died. In the Blood Fiend Palace, his sole purpose was to perform shameful tasks to help Gu Yi eliminate his enemies.

Gu Ying’s world was a cold one, so cold that it turned his heart to ice.

The only person he felt warmth from was Gu Xin Yan, his sister in name. But after he killed Gu Yi and imprisoned Gu Xin Yan with him, he could no longer feel that warmth, only indifference and coldness.

Gu Xin Yan hated him.

The only person in the world who had shown him kindness now hated him like everyone else.

Gu Ying was very clear as to why the God of Destruction had brought him back and that he was a soul created by the God of Destruction and his very existence was dependent on the whims of the God of Destruction.

His entire life was cold and laughable.

However....

When Gu Ying saw Qiao Chu, his mouth dripping with blood, once again rushing at the God of Destruction, he felt something stir deep within his soul.

Was it worth it? RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

To give up your life just for a friend?

There was no hesitation, no remorse, just a common desire to get more time for Jun Wu Xie to escape.

Was it....

Worth it?

Gu Ying had absolutely no idea.

In this world, nobody was ever willing to give up their life for his, not even Gu XIn Yan.

Even if he had a dog’s life, he still tried hard to live it, watching all those around him die without even flinching.

Gu Ying could not understand their resolve but for a reason unknown to him, suddenly felt envious of them.

Envious of them knowing what they wanted and what was important enough to protect.

A strange feeling started radiating throughout Gu Ying’s soul....