Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1075: Blood Eye

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was no telling how long it had been, but the path of rock that Su Ping had restrained was loosened all of a sudden. It immediately dashed away.

Su Ping, on the other hand, stopped chasing it since he was busy contemplating.

A long while later—

Golden light gradually surfaced on his body, then gathered to form a golden thread; it was none other than the path of rock.

“The perfect path of rock…” Su Ping mumbled in disbelief.

Earlier on, he had hoped to ask the four Superior Gods about the way to grasp a perfect path. He knew that the chances were quite slim. He had hoped to learn from them, but he didn’t really think they could teach him such a concept.

Paths must be taught easily.

Even Superior Gods were limited to merely offering him a look; they couldn’t simply stuff the fish in his mouth.

Whether or not he could catch any fish depended entirely on his aptitude.

The Divine Eye Tree, however, was an unusual treasure which had given him an opportunity.

Otherwise, Su Ping wouldn’t have grasped a perfect path in just three months, even though the flow of time had been altered.

Still, he had already grasped two perfect paths.

The path of rock in particular; it couldn’t have been grasped in an easier manner. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His expertise on the rock path had only been at a beginner level. However, it was easily perfected just by retraining one of the rock path sources. All the rock traits had been mastered and combined.

No wonder those seniors said that it would be very easy to move forward after passing the threshold…”

Su Ping took a deep breath to calm his excited state.

There were plenty of path sources there; he only needed to catch them.

Good thing I experienced plenty of Heavenly Tribulations and found their mysteries, which allowed me to simulate a Heavenly Tribulation’s aura. Otherwise, I would have caught the attention of that formidable guardian once I hunted more path sources…

But there’s still no telling whether or not it’s the Heavenly Tribulation that’s covering me. I can only do some tests when I return…

Su Ping’s eyes glittered. He didn’t hesitate, simply letting the paths of fire and rock take him forward.

However, the path sources formerly gathered in that place were all gone; they were nowhere to be seen.

Were all of them alerted? Are they really that shrewd?

Su Ping frowned.

He continued wandering. After a short while, he finally saw a path source which seemed to have also noticed him. The path source swooshed and disappeared when Su Ping looked at it.

“…”

Su Ping was speechless.

He wandered for a moment, but didn’t see any other path source. He had to give up.

Luckily, I have access to other cultivation sites. Different cultivation sites would entail different coordinates. While the local path sources were alerted, there must be others available elsewhere.?Su Ping thought.

If the Source World were a pond, he had tossed a stone in that place and scared off the fish. But there were fish elsewhere.

Or maybe, he could kill himself and resurrect elsewhere. It was also possible for him to encounter unalerted path sources.

Su Ping was not in a hurry to leave; the real purpose of attaining a perfect path was to condense a third small world.

Su Ping detected a strange aura inside the Source World; one that was similar to that of the Illusionary World.

Every world is made of countless laws; this Source World must be made of a special law. It can be called the source law!

This world is founded on that law. It’s the reason why the path sources are gathered here…

If I meditate here and grasp the source law, I’ll be able to establish a third small world with it!

Su Ping calmed down and sat cross-legged. He gradually sank his consciousness into the world around him; he then examined and analyzed any unusual bits.

Time flew.

Su Ping didn’t feel the passage of time. His progress was rather slow; that strange aura was rather thin.

He knew it was because his perfect paths were about fire and rock, which were the basics of every universe; that was why he could only reach the edge.

More time was needed to figure out the Source World’s law.

Fortunately, Su Ping was patient.

A terrifying aura descended at some point, while Su Ping was deeply devoted to his meditation.

It wasn’t in the Source World, but in the outside world.

The terrifying aura crawled all over Su Ping like countless spiders and snakes, giving him goosebumps. He could not help but wake up from his meditation and his stay in the Source World.

He saw the body of the ancient beast again. Most of the restless souls in the flesh and bones had been cleared, but some were still fighting against the Little Skeleton. The Dark Dragon Hound and the Inferno Dragon were helping; it was quite the fierce battle.

Su Ping didn’t hear their battle noises until he returned.

All those skeletons and restless souls stiffened when Su Ping glanced at them. The restless souls in particular; they didn’t even dodge the Little Skeleton’s attack. They shivered, not even daring to scream.

Su Ping knew that it wasn’t because of him, but because of whatever was hovering right above them.

He struggled to turn around and look up.

The sky with thin clouds had disappeared; it was replaced by darkness.

Once he became used to the environment, he noticed that it wasn’t true darkness, but a huge area covered in black fur; it was boundless, blocking the entire sky.

Even though he could resurrect and death was nothing to him, Su Ping still had goosebumps all over his body because of the terrifying pressure; his face was pale and his heart was racing. He was overwhelmed by an irrational fear of dying!

Is it another ferocious beast?

The idea popped up in Su Ping’s head.

Positioned in front of him—both the Little Skeleton and the Dark Dragon Hound stopped, not daring to make a careless move.

Squeak!

Something hopped in front of Su Ping at that moment, as if noticing his master’s fear through their bond. It realized that its master was being threatened, so it stood in front of him and bared its fangs to snarl at the sky.

It was the young Chaos Beast!

Su Ping was stunned for a moment. The young Chaos Beast hadn’t gathered enough experience or experienced torture in cultivation sites; it was still a juvenile compared to the Little Skeleton and the other pets.

It hadn’t been with Su Ping for long, but it had been growing fast thanks to its bloodline; it had already broken through to the Star State.

However, it jumped out and instinctively faced what was scaring Su Ping.

Su Ping could tell it was furious, and frightened.

It was just that fury had suppressed the fear. The beast was snarling partly because it was scared.

Su Ping was stunned for a moment, then felt warm upon seeing the beast’s reaction. He already considered it a partner, even though he hadn’t trained it yet.

Exactly at that moment—the black fur blocking the sky moved forward, as if the creature was about to leave. But then, a crimson moon rose.

It was an enormous eye, which filled up the opening on the body’s torn neck and stared at the living creatures inside.

Su Ping’s heart was bashed heavily, and his head was on the verge of exploding. A single glance from that creature made him feel that his mind was collapsing and his body was about to explode.

A terrifying pressure descended and leaped into his body, inducing a substantial fear.

Su Ping then felt he was back to when he stared at the illusion of the Ancestral God behind Mo Feng, the godly prince he was trying to kill.

The pressure he was experiencing at the moment was even greater!

It wasn’t an illusion after all, but an authentic, terrifying beast gazing at him!

What is this thing? I’ve experienced lots of Heavenly Tribulations, but I cannot even resist its gaze?

Su Ping was appalled; his face was already frozen stiff. Any Star Lord would have been driven mad in this situation. Even Ascendant experts would be trembling with fear.

Su Ping noticed that the black, vertical pupil in the enormous eye contracted, and countless tiny particles were glimmering inside. He discovered that they were actually made of perfect laws.

The beast’s entire body, including its every cell and hair, seemed to be made of paths and laws, containing the most essential power. It was indestructible!

The contracting black pupil gazed at the young Chaos Beast in front of Su Ping. The young Chaos Beast no longer dared to roar from then on; it moaned like a stray dog, and moved back to Su Ping’s side.

“Moo!”

An ancient voice echoed, as emerging from the void.

After a boom, Su Ping’s body exploded before he could react. He was as dead as anyone could be.

That kind of being didn’t even have to bat an eye in order to kill him.

But Su Ping didn’t choose to resurrect randomly; he resurrected on the spot, eager to find out what kind of ferocious beast it was.

Right after resurrecting he saw that the Little Skeleton and all the other restless souls had exploded. However, strangely enough, the young Chaos Beast was unscathed.

Su Ping was stunned because of such development; he then resurrected the Little Skeleton and his other pets.

The bloody eye gradually shifted its attention from the young Chaos Beast to Su Ping at that moment, as if amazed.