Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1077: Path Source

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Golden Crows were ancient mythical creatures born from chaos, but they weren’t the strongest mythical chaos creatures.

Su Ping’s body was evolving quickly while immersed in the abundant aura of chaos. Also, the deity aura inside his body seemed to be evolving too!

Such an opportunity was too rare to be missed. Su Ping focused his attention on absorbing the chaos aura.

“Chaos…”

The chaos aura surged inside Su Ping. His body was seemingly in the process of being dissected and transformed, but his mind was even sharper than before. His awareness of the environment improved and became more thorough.

He was currently in the primary space, but he was able to detect what was happening in multiple, deeper spaces.

If I’m strong enough, will I be able to see the ninth space with one peep??The idea popped in his mind.

He carefully examined the mechanisms, hoping to grasp the law of chaos more intensively.

Time flew.

The chaos aura covering Su Ping contracted from five meters in diameter to only two meters. It was still contracting, until Su Ping’s body could no longer be covered.

Su Ping then woke up from his contemplation. His astonishment grew along with the deepening of his understanding about the chaos law; chaos turned out to be not as complicated as he thought. It was just that the conditions for such understanding were harsh.

Perhaps every creature could master the law of chaos back in the ancient epoch of chaos, when the chaos energy was abundant—just as every human could breathe.

Su Ping looked forward, only to find that the Chaos Perception Dragon and the young Chaos Beast were still in the same location. However, they were no longer facing each other; the young Chaos Beast was soaking inside a massive ball of chaos energy and rolling endlessly, like a fetus being developed in the womb.

Is the dragon filling the young Chaos Beast with chaos energy??Su Ping was then further convinced that the Chaos Perception Dragon was nurturing the young Chaos Beast.

The young Chaos Beast’s level didn’t rise. If it had wanted to rise to higher levels, the chaos energy should have been abundant enough for it to reach the Star Lord State, or even the Ascendant State.

Even so, it remained in the Star State. Su Ping guessed that the Chaos Perception Dragon was probably helping it improve its body.

The young Chaos Beast had a top ranking bloodline, but the requirements to train it were harsh too. Su Ping had access to plenty of cultivation sites; still, very few of them were suitable for the young Chaos Beast to grow.

After all, it could only activate its potential and hone its combat will by fighting beasts.

And no matter how much potential it had, it couldn’t grow without nutrition.

The nutrition needed by the young Chaos Beast was chaos aura, which Su Ping couldn’t find easily.

I didn’t expect I would raise a malnourished pet. But it seems that I got lucky this time…

Su Ping smiled bitterly as he looked at the Chaos Perception Dragon with grateful eyes. Whatever purpose it had, he and the young Chaos Beast had benefited from this.

He glanced at the mountain of chaos energy in the distance, which made his heart race. He emboldened himself and asked the Chaos Perception Dragon telepathically, “Erm, sir, could I have more chaos energy?”

The dragon’s bloody eye rolled a bit. Its eye was so big that it was able to see him without moving. Still, Su Ping felt that the creature was gazing at him.

Su Ping gritted his teeth and looked back. He was indeed nervous, not because he was afraid of death, but because he didn’t want to be refused.

That was a great opportunity; he would feel awfully sorry if he let go of it.

A long time passed. The Chaos Perception Dragon withdrew its gaze, and another ball of energy about ten meters in diameter flew out of the mountain towards Su Ping.

Su Ping felt thrilled; he was about to express his gratitude, but then he was pushed violently, thousands of meters away from the young Chaos Beast.

Su Ping had trouble dealing with the motion sickness afterwards. He realized that it only accepted his request because it didn’t want him to disturb the young Chaos Beast.

That guy truly thinks highly of kinship!?Su Ping thought.

He wasn’t jealous at all. Rather, he was delighted to continue his meditation inside the chaos energy.

Time flowed.

Still, time seemed to have frozen for Su Ping as he solemnly sat inside the chaos energy, just like a statue. The chaos energy had shrunk from ten meters in diameter to three meters.

However, the remaining chaos energy rippled and roiled slowly.

After that, a dirty, smoke-like airflow drifted from the void and entered the chaos energy field. It seemed to be a group of countless stained ribbons.

The Chaos Perception Dragon saw this from a distance as it slightly rolled its eye in surprise. Then, another ball of chaotic energy ten meters in diameter flew out of the mountain and drifted toward Su Ping, melding with the remaining chaos energy covering him—

But this time the collision was so gentle that Su Ping didn’t even detect it.

Su Ping was at the moment completely devoted to the law of chaos.

He was sensing the essence of chaos thanks to the energy covering him. His law of chaos was perfected as he continued exploring!

The supreme law had been perfected!

Such a feat would shock a lot of people if it was made known. Not even Ascendant State experts had achieved such a thing; only some Heavenly Lords!

Su Ping had just perfected the law of chaos, even though he was only in the Star State.

That was truly a fortuitous incident!

He had luckily, or unluckily, run into the Chaos Perception Dragon. Furthermore, he happened to have the young Chaos Beast with him, which caught the great dragon’s attention.

Otherwise, considering the beast’s nature, it would have captured Su Ping to study him, even if it couldn’t kill him.

Chaos is the beginning of everything…

Su Ping detected the broken pieces of countless laws within chaos; it seemed that all the laws of the universe had been born there due to some unique conditions.

However, the perfected law of chaos carried a trait that couldn’t be separated, which hadinfinite possibilities.

Once the law of chaos was perfected, Su Ping realized he was able to locate things he couldn’t find or wouldn’t pay attention to in deeper spaces. He could combine them and create a tiny bit of chaos energy.

When thousands of little chaos bits were combined, they could gather and form a hint of chaos aura!

That was mainly because the energy was too sparse. Su Ping’s efficiency would be much higher in places where energy was abundant.

Su Ping then realized how the guy refined chaos energy from the ancient corpse.

The perfected law of chaos should be able to allow me to enter the depths of the Source World…

He became excited once he thought of this. That trip to the Archean Divinity was quite rewarding. He had been craving to establish a third world, and he finally saw hope!

His combat ability would soar once he established a third small world!

Su Ping didn’t know how stronger he would become, but he would surely be much stronger!

He took a deep breath and continued familiarizing himself with the law of chaos. Once he made sure he knew it well, he finally gathered the law of chaos on his eyes and opened them.

The chaos energy was instantly separated, and the world before his eyes changed and was lifted. His body seemed to be moving forward on a road of light, until he entered another world.

Is this… the galaxy?

Su Ping somehow felt he had just jumped to the surface of the sea, straight from the bottom. Above him was a brilliant river, like the Milky Way! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Still, it was more brilliant and dazzling than the Milky Way; it carried a perfect and mysterious aura, making it impossible for anyone to look away.

It seemed that time had somehow been solidified, from that moment until eternity.

That was definitely not the same thing Su Ping saw when he previously entered the Source World. He had seen nothing but an infinite void. However, this time, the long river contained countless, impeccable path sources.

Su Ping knew that it had to be the core of the Source World.

He tried to control his body to fly towards the brilliant river.

He was truly flying, but not fast enough. The river above him remained ever distant, seemingly unreachable.

Su Ping didn’t forget to conceal himself with a Heavenly Tribulation aura, but the result was the same; he didn’t get any closer. His understanding of the space law allowed him to sense that the distance between them wasn’t shortened, at all.

There’s some sort of power blocking the long river.

If that’s the case, how am I going to touch and learn paths?

Su Ping stopped and looked around. He didn’t see anything else, except the flashing path sources far, far away.

Su Ping walked in the void, observing and looking up at the long river now and then.

Is that where all the paths gather? The end of the long river is also the end of all path sources? So to speak, I’m not in the core area of the Source World just yet; I’ve just made it to the inner circle…

Su Ping’s eyes glittered. He remembered how Heather had mentioned that an invincible expert had tried to cut the Source World apart. They probably tried to cut the river!

He took a deep breath. Since it was impossible to touch upon the river of paths, he had to find the laws of the Source World there.

He stopped in the void and extended his consciousness to examine the Source World carefully.

“This long river looks more and more like flowing blood to me…” Su Ping mumbled.