Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1087: Crisis

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s the law of space… That’s impossible!”

“Ahhhhh!

The three participants were dismembered, turning into countless pieces, but

they were still screaming; they were obviously still alive for some reason. Their

torn bodies were trying to reassemble.

Exactly at that moment, those torn body parts became stil. They were locked

by Shuai Qianhou in separate spaces, and were unable to detect each other

anymore.

Those people couldn’t patch up their bodies again, even though they had

special regeneration techniques.

One of the broken pieces unleashed a dazzling energy all of a sudden.

It was a kind of chaotic law power, which radiated violently like a nuclear

bomb, reaching the maximum potential instantly.

After a boom, the spaces where the pieces were sealed were destroyed, and the

dazzling light illuminated the whole place like the sun.

Shuai Qjanhou frowned the moment the dazzling light was emitted. He quickly

waved his hand; space in front of him seemed to have been cut apart. The

dazzling light continued shining and piercing through space, but on the other

side, Su Ping and the others couldn’t hear any noise or feel the blast.

The power seemed to have been sealed in another world.

That was the perfect law of space at work!

Su Ping glanced at Shuai Qjanhou with mixed feelings; the law of space was

indeed useful. It could be used for various purposes, including escape,

assassination, sabotage, among many others.

The Amate family is indeed crazy. Their bodies seem to have special triggers

that will blow them up if they die.. Good thing Junior Brother Qjanhou took

care of the explosion!”

“His law of space is so different from mine. Is that what a perfect law looks

like?

“It’s indeed perfect. Even that kind of power was unable to shatter or break the Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

law

Yu Jingze, Diaz and the others had glittering eyes. They were all shocked due to

Shuai Qjanhou’s power, and glad that he wasn’t their enemy. Otherwise, they

would be killed before seeing the legacy.

Shuai Qjanhou took action rather quickly, sealing the torn bodies’ pieces and

destroying them after dealing with the self-explosion.

There were two more screams, and the two bodies exploded again.

This time, Shuai Qjanhou had simply transferred the power elsewhere; there

was no telling where exactly he had funneled the power to.

Diaz, Jiang Si and the others had not acted in that quick exchange; the problem

was already solved. Shuai Qjanhou had finished off three elites of the Amate

family almost purely on his own.

Besides, those three people were clearly determined to accomplish the task

not only were they geniuses, they had also injected themselves with special

drugs and engraved alloy tattoos on their bodies–which improved them

significantly, but would ruin their potential.

That was just what the Amate family did. They were ruthless, and would not

care about the consequences!

“Theyre truly willing to sacrifice anything for the legacy.” Jiang Si sighed and

shook his head.

Su Ping fetched the token, then waved at them. “Let’s go to the next place.”

The others nodded. They glanced at Shuai Qjanhou, and felt even more scared

of their junior brother. They had indeed been training, and had improved with

the help of their Ascendant senior brothers, they were crushed by Su Ping

earlier on, and thus weren’t confident of beating Shuai Qjanhou, who was

apparentiy even more talented.

To get the legacy, maybe they would have to count on luck that their master

mentioned.

The group gathered five tokens soon after

Then, they decided to wait; they would let the geniuses of other forces

brutalize and eliminate each other. Then, they would pick distinguished

candidates from amongst the survivors

“Let’s wait here. I think we can take a nap,” Yu Jingze said and chuckled

casually.

Diaz was already lying on a rock, with a blade of grass in his mouth. “Im going

to take a break. Wake me up if anything happens.

Yu Jingze was amused and lost for words upon seeing he was really going to

sleep.

All of them were indeed relaxed. If they had any pressure, it was coming from

Shuai Qjanhou; it was possible that the other Celestial experts had recruited

geniuses similar to Shuai Qjanhou.

Shuai Qjanhou didn’t say anything; he simply walked to a rock and quietly

stared at the scenery in the distance.

The whole group decided to wait it out.

Su Ping suddenly thought of the Loulan family, and remembered a few people.

His eyes glittered, and he said to his teammates, “While you wait here, I’l go

meet some friends.”

“Friends?”

All eyes glittered after hearing that Su Ping was leaving

“I’ll go with you, Junior Brother Su,” Yu Jingze immediately said with a smile.

Jiang Si also smiled. “We’ve got nothing to do anyway; let’s go together. There

are a lot of ruthless candidates in this trial. Although Junior Brother Su is

strong and talented, it’s still risky for you to go alone; we can take care of each

other”

“I might as well go if all of you are going. I don’t have anything to do here

anyway,” said Elena with a smile.

Diaz, who had been lying somewhere, also sat up. He didn’t say anything, but

actions made it obvious,

Su Ping felt amused after seeing their reactions. They were clearly afraid that

he could escape with the shield and the tokens.

He shook his head, yet he wasn’t really angry. They had every reason to suspect

him because of the true god’s legacy, even though they had the same master.

“All right, let’s go together,” said Su Ping.

Shuai Qianhou frowned and glanced at Su Ping. He slowly rose too; it was clear

that he would rather stay there and wait than go anywhere else. However, he

could only wonder about Su Ping.

Led by Su Ping, everybody set off and started searching again.

“Why bother talking to him? There will only be one winner. Kill him!”

“They’ll be enemies sooner or later. Kill them!”

On a plain-five people who had chanced upon each other were fighting

fiercely. Blood was soon spilled, and there were pits all over the place, as if the

area would have been recently bombarded.

Another shocking battle was taking place between a man and a woman in the

sky, right above a lake. Their fight was so intense that the air was twisted, as if

two stars were about to collide. People at a distance of a thousand kilometers

were still able to hear their battle.

“I think we would die for nothing”

There will only be a single winner, we can team up and finish off the others,

before we duel and figure out who’s the winner between us.”

That’s right. We shouldn’t die in vain before even seeing the legacy.”

In a forest-two parties who were originally confronting each other negotiated

and struck an alliance.

Time flew.

Battles were raging everywhere; some were among the trial takers, and some

were between the trial takers and local beasts.

The trial takers were mostly among the top hundred of the Divine Lord Rank of

every star zone. The beasts in the region were mostly Star Lords, even though

they had rare bloodlines, so they couldn’t really pose an obstacle to the trial

takers.

‘Ms. Lin, run! I’ll cover for you!”

Three people were moving quickly in the deep space as seen in the high sky.

They were traveling in the sixth space while riding special flying shuttles.

The shuttles had energy covers that protected them; they were much faster

than many body movement techniques.

I should be the one covering for you! Don’t stop!” Loulan Lin-with a tight

armor accentuating her body curve-was as ruthless as a general taking the

lead

“We can’t all die here!” said a young man next to him, with an awful expression.

He was Loulan Jue, the most talented member of the Loulan family in his

generation; he held the 18th position on the Divine Lord Rank!

Still, his face was pale and contorted at the moment. The back piece of his

amor was stained with blood. Even though the wound had healed, his chest

seemed to have been pierced through; all judging from the traces of blood!

That’s right. They were ambushed after fetching a token; he had killed one of

the enemies, but he was currently heavily wounded because of it.

All those who were fighting for the legacy were top geniuses and desperadoes!

They were all crazy about the true god’s legacy; they would not hesitate to use

forbidden means that would greatly affect them. As long as the drugs were

effective until the end of the trial; the drug’s would not pose a problem.

The candidates of the Loulan family had also made preparations, but that was

not the time for them to use their drugs yet.

If they used drugs and didn’t get the legacy.. They could get stuck as Star

Lords forever!

Most geniuses who had been sent there had a chance of rising to the Ascendant

State, so they preferred not using forbidden substances, unless they didn’t

have a choice.

“We only have one token. Our family has intelligence related to the token’s

location; such intelligence was obtained at a great cost. Shen Huang’s disciples

will surely claim one of the other nine tokens. It will be extremely difficult for

us to find two more tokens, unless we make it to the central continent!”

Loulan Jue gritted his teeth and said, “I will cover for you. Let’s get rid of them

and hide somewhere. We’ll try our luck when the central continent is opened.”

“You’re already wounded!” said Loulan Lin in haste.

“It doesn’t matter. Grandfather gave me a holy drug!” declared Loulan Jue with

a ruthless stance. “You go first!”

Then, he stopped abruptly.

Both Loulan Lin and Loulan Hai paused, but the next moment, Loulan Jue

roared, “Go!”

They turned back, and saw that a pair of men were catching up to them; the

two chasers were covered in battle tattoos, and there was a special energy core

on their foreheads-they had completely given up their potential. Their fate

would forever be sealed if they couldn’t get the legacy.

They obtained an astounding amount of strength for a price, becoming as

strong as the top ten of the Divine Lord Rank at that moment!

“Stop right there!”

Loulan Jue turned around and stared at them coldly. “Your family will be

destroyed when we get out if you dare to attack us!”

You think you can get out? Surrender the tokens and die! The two men

wasted no time talking and simply charged at their enemies, roaring.

Loulan Jue took out a fruit and ate it. His power was immediately restored.

But exactly at this moment-someone else chuckled. “You have a token? No

wonder they’re hunting you so desperately. Your token is mine now.”