Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1105: Finished Off

Translator: Henyee TranslationsEditor: Henyee Translations

“Huh?”

In the outside world—the currently surrounded Shuai Qianhou suddenly felt scared.

He had the perfect path of space, which had made his senses over space extremely keen. He had just detected some sort of dangerous power in the deep spaces nearby.

Did something pass by in a deeper space?

Or.

His eyes glittered. He looked at the golden flag in midair; the artifact which had entangled the shield was radiating Ascendant State power, preventing anyone from approaching.

That ultimate treasure had clearly acknowledged its master. It was still emitting its power, indicating that Brian was still alive.

Furthermore, the golden flag didn’t return to the guy, another indicator that it still needed to restrain the shield. So, Su Ping was fine too.

Let’s finish off those people first.

Shuai Qianhou jumped and dodged a few attacks. Then, he focused his attention.

While looking at his attackers, he coldly tore through the void. He made full use of the path of space, replacing the outside world with a deeper space.

The area within a radius of a dozen kilometers had collapsed into the deep space.

It reached the seventh space!

“Abbbh!”

“What’s that sound? What is it?!”

“Nana? Is that you, Nana?”1

Everybody was instantly drawn into the seventh space, as if they were drowning. Many were torn apart by the sheer spatial power; some heard whispers of the dead while others could even see their deceased family members in a blur.

“Damn it, let’s go back to the outside world!”

Some of them had contorted expressions. They clearly had no advantage in a battle against someone who had the perfect path of space in the seventh space. Even though they had surrounded him, only some of them could make a difference in the outcome.

Very soon, another person controlled the space and swapped the deep space with the outside word, returning them to reality.

It seemed that there was someone else besides Shuai Qianhou who had mastered the perfect path of space.

Only a couple of seconds had passed, and yet a hundred people would remain stuck in the deep space forever. Many of those who had returned were still dizzy or were rendered mad due to the deep space’s impact.

“Die!”

The dozen people who had mastered perfect paths launched an immediate attack, knowing that they couldn’t rely on help from the others.

Shuai Qianhou took a deep breath and sensed an enormous pressure. However, he wasn’t scared in the slightest; rather, he felt a passion he hadn’t experienced in a long time.

It had been a long time for him to feel any threat, ever since he grasped the perfect path.

After all, even normal Ascendants would have a hard time killing strong Star Lords such as himself. This was especially so with those who controlled the path of space; he could race Ascendants in the seventh space.

Besides, he wasn’t crazy; hunting an Ascendant was not something he would try.

If he wanted a sparring partner, the force backing him could easily find a lot of Ascendants so he could experience his ultimate strength.

However, he currently felt passionate in a battle against people on his level.

This is exactly why I’ve been cultivating!

Shuai Qianhou cheered inside, with coldness emanating from his eyes. Although excited, he remained absolutely calm. Let’s get this over with. Maybe I’ll have a chance to observe his performance

He looked at the two ultimate treasures in the sky with a strange light in his eyes.

Boom!

The next moment, he activated the Misfortune Constitution, choosing to no longer hide his strength.

It was impossible for him to hold back when facing attacks of a dozen formidable enemies.

Two of the dozen enemies had grasped supreme perfect paths; they were the ones who led the attack against him.

He was surrounded by the effects of those perfect paths.

“Destruction!”

Shuai Qianhou waved his spear, concentrating the path of destruction on the weapon and destroying the part of the effect of some paths. He then attacked the ones who had only grasped basic paths.

“Reincarnatio1

Shuai Qianhou instantly used another special path.

The destructive spear was shrouded in flames; he swung it furiously, making the void collapse. The paths around him were attracted to a strange power.

If Diaz were there—he would have discovered to his shock that Shuai Qianhou had perfectly grasped the path of reincarnation, the forte of the former’s constitution!

“Block it!”

Aman was wary, feeling how his path had been bound by the path of reincarnation; he protected himself with his small world without hesitation.

The small world was indestructible with a perfect path. It was more solid than that of a normal Star Lord by far.

But the next moment, his small world was stabbed through by a spear.

The man vomited blood and was flung back. Some of the attackers instantly stepped in to reinforce him; they surrounded Shuai Qianhou with the illusions of their small worlds.

“Let me show you my small world!” Shuai Qianhou sneered, showing a brilliant small world behind his back; it contained two paths which looked like the backs of dragons. One of them was destruction, and the other was vitality, another supreme law!

Both paths were already perfect. He had grasped the path of reincarnation through birth and destruction, and it had already been perfected. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was easy to infer that he had grasped two perfect paths many years before!

Shuai Qianhou’s small world was not a projection; it was the real one. It flew out like a dazzling meteorite when it appeared. A lot of small world projections were instantly shattered; many men were flung back, heavily wounded.

Shuai Qianhou sneered. “You’re just ants. What can you possibly do even if I’m outnumbered?”

He charged at the crowd, his small world ahead of him. Soon after, he ran a Star Lord through, one who had grasped a perfect path.

‘The Star Lord was an extraordinary figure who could easily make it to the top of a Divine Lord Rank. And yet, he died in anger and desperation at that moment.

All who witnessed this had changed expressions, not expecting Shuai Qianhou to be that strong.

Some of them had cultivated even longer than he had, but they had merely grasped one supreme perfect path; none of them could compare to Shuai Qianhou, at all.

In terms of combat ability, Shuai Qianhou was probably equal to Brian without the ultimate treasure.

“Damn it, why hasn’t our boss finished off the Star State brat yet?”

“Is the boss trying to kill us with a borrowed knife?”

“I don’t believe that it could take this long for Boss to kill that Star State brat!”

“Damn it!”

Everybody gazed at Shuai Qianhou, who stood like the god of war. They were infuriated by Brian, thinking that someone of his caliber should have easily dealt with a Star State brat, especially with the help of Mitch and Bourne!

Even though it was remarkable for Su Ping to have condensed a perfect supreme law with a Star State cultivation, he was only in the Star State anyway!

It should’ve been very easy for Brian to kill someone who had only grasped one perfect supreme law.

Shuai Qianhou felt intrigued by their remarks; he had done a similar thing before, when he tested Su Ping’s combat ability through the red-robed young man and the others.

Could it be that Brian was observing the battle happening in the deeper space, dragging things on and not killing Su Ping yet?

The thought alarmed him; he no longer dared to waste time. He believed that Su Ping had other trump cards, but he didn’t think he could possibly defeat Brian. After all, the latter had grasped two supreme perfect laws. It was unbelievable to think that Su Ping had also grasped two!

Besides, Su Ping would still lose in such conditions. After all, Brian had two helpers.

Adding the level gap, Su Ping would have to lose either way!

“Get the hell out of here, or I will kill you all!”

Shuai Qianhou was in such a terrible mood; he gave everyone a scary glare.

His attackers looked at each other in bewilderment, but none dared to retreat.

Although they knew that Brian might be using Shuai Qianhou to get rid of them, if they escaped, Brian would be invincible if he came out with two ultimate treasures!

Shuai Qianhou figured out what was on their mind, given his threat was useless. He was gloomy as he tore space open, trying to direct the battlefield elsewhere and meet with Su Ping.

He couldn’t let Su Ping die so easily.

It would be his turn to die if Su Ping was killed and Brian kept the treasure.

He knew Su Ping was probably fighting in the sixth space, as he didn’t see him in the seventh space. Right when he tore space apart to enter the sixth space—a man suddenly stepped out.

Shuai Qianhou instantly became nervous.

However, Shuai Qianhou was dazed after seeing who the person was.

Everybody else was stunned too.

The person who walked out was actually Su Ping.

His clothes were stained with blood. Most shockingly of all, he was dragging a bloodied man. The man’s golden hair had been dyed red; it dangled like a rope.

1

It was none other than Brian!

Brian was on his dying breath at the moment.

His Golden Sun Constitution had been overspent, completely crumbling. There was only a slim chance of recovery if he had unparalleled medicine and attentive care.

Brian lost?

Everybody looked at the unexpected picture, completely unable to understand what it meant.

Where are Mitch and Bourne?

A lot of people felt cold. They were very likely dead already..3