Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1114 The Power of Three Worlds

The scary bones covered Su Ping like an armor set.

Even his lips had bones incrusted, making him look intimidating.

Su Ping quickly extended his hand to draw one of the ribs from the chest like a saber!

It wasn’t exactly an ultimate treasure, not did it contain any paths or laws. The only specialty was its extreme sharpness; it was even harder than Ascendant State weapons!

Not even perfect laws could destroy it.

Zing! A deafening sound echoed throughout the sky the moment they clashed. A lot of people watching the battle were stunned.

Lin Xiu narrowed his pupils too.

It was blocked?

That’s right. The purple saber in his hand was blocked by the pale, dilapidated bone in Su Ping’s hand. It was more of a cracked bone than a bone saber!

It was the remains of a tooth from a certain ancient creature. The broken tooth had endured for tens of thousands of years.

“Is it an ultimate treasure?”

Lin Xiu slightly changed his expression. The other ultimate treasures couldn’t have resisted his strike when disabled; they would have been cut apart. However, the Ascendant State power and the laws infused on his saber weren’t able to destroy Su Ping’s weapon!

All the twelve ultimate treasures had been forged by saints.

That was why the sword plate-which was also made by the saints—could easily disable them!

Su Ping’s bone didn’t look like one of the treasures forged by the saints. Is it a secret treasure that his Celestial backer smuggled in secretively?

That’s impossible!

Lin Xiu immediately discarded the thought. All twelve Celestials experts were supervising each other; none of them could have cheated.

He was only able to succeed because the twelve Celestials weren’t vigilant when interacting with the saints. Even if they were, there was nothing they could do!

“Restraint!”

Lin Xiu flipped his hand again; a saber appeared, which seemed to be cutting the nearby laws apart.

Su Ping instantly felt he had lost connection to his laws; he was no longer able to harness his laws. Or rather, they were cut apart and overridden by a superior law the moment he performed them.

The saber was clearly the ultimate treasure with the ability to seal paths.

Qing Hongyue saw the saber and quickly said, “Watch out!”

She suffered a major setback because of her previous fight against Claudia.

Su Ping, however, didn’t react. There was fury burning in his eyes, which were as dark as blades, filled with coldness and brutality. He was like a calm and rational lone wolf.

He was expecting to see that ultimate treasure.

Su Ping burst out again and slashed forth with brutal abandon when Lin Xiu whipped out that treasure.

“Little Skeleton, show me your saber technique!”

Su Ping called out to the Little Skeleton in his heart.

The next moment, he received a joyful response; his pet was delighted to finally have a chance to show what it had been working on.

Su Ping and the Little Skeleton were soon able to reach some sort of coordination, as if both were controlling the body at the same time; it required absolute trust and excellent teamwork!

Su Ping’s aura changed in an instant.

He became as cold and dark as a demon from hell; there seemed to be crimson light in his eyes.

He raised his arm; the hand was nothing but bones as he held the bone saber.

The Little Skeleton had been fighting with this bone saber all the time. It was a creature proficient at sorcery, but it chose to fight violent melee battles.

It had wielded its saber billions of times in all the sites’ explorations.

The skeleton was wielding the saber yet again.

The darkest saber aura surged. It seemed to be absorbing and swallowing everything, including rays of light, time and space.

There were no words to describe how terrifying the strike was!

It was destructive and horrifying, yet also stunningly beautiful.

Lin Xiu changed his expression, and quickly wielded his saber.

Boom!!

There was a sonic explosion in the air! All the laws were destroyed; even the dust had been compressed to the extreme by the auras.

Deafening explosions resounded. Lin Xiu was flung back while everybody was watching; he didn’t regain balance until he soared high in the sky.

The sword aura was swept; the ground collapsed in front of Su Ping, who then saw a terrifying ravine form. The earth was shattered by the aura, and the ravine stretched to infinity! “That saber technique… contains a complete

path!”

“It was fully developed! He’s so good at controlling his weapon!” “Wait, wasn’t that ultimate treasure capable of sealing all paths? How was Lin Xiu flung back?”

Everybody was both shocked and suspicious due to the unexpected development. The whole scene was rather unbelievable.

The wounded Qing Hongyue also saw that. She was stuffing her mouth with medicine, hoping to recover sooner. But then she forgot about everything for a moment when she saw Su Ping’s attack. She was shocked; then, she came to a realization.

“The ultimate saber treasure can seal all paths, but it couldn’t seal a weapon’s technique!”

“The path is already melded into the technique; even though it doesn’t involve any power of laws, that strike was still mysterious and powerful…”

“But how could he be this powerful? He’s only in the Star State, yet he was able to fling Lin Xiu back?”

Su Ping then stomped and continued to charge at Lin Xiu.

“What an excellent strike!” Su Ping complimented the Little Skeleton.

That strike was truly amazing.

Although he knew that the Little Skeleton was very strong, it had actually exceeded his expectations.

The Little Skeleton gave a cheerful response after hearing Su Ping’s compliment.

Su Ping smiled. The Little Skeleton had tried its best in that attack; it was indeed very powerful. Lin Xiu would have been hard pressed if he didn’t have two ultimate treasures!

“Damn it!”

Up in the sky-Lin Xiu was exasperated. He thought he would easily subdue the guy, but the annoying fellow turned out to be tougher than he thought!

He roared and charged at Su Ping again, this time also using his full strength.

He turned his saber and blocked time, space and all the paths mastered by Su Ping. The latter was unable to make use of laws and paths. He could only use his own strength for

now.

He could crush Su Ping if he only used as her own strength.

Besides, he had the traits and laws of his ultimate treasures. He could totally crush his opponent!

Bang!

The purple saber slashed down; Su Ping raised his own weapon to resist it. He was instantly, he was smashed into the ground like a cannonball.

While Su Ping was failing, Qing Hongyue floated over from a distance, and then tried to help Su Ping with a secret technique; it alleviated the impact, even though it didn’t completely neutralize it.

Bang.

Su Ping crawled out of the deep pit solemnly. He then chose not to hide his strength anymore, and charged again. “Go to hell!!”

Lin Xiu swooped down from the sky, ready to cut Su Ping into pieces.

“Inferno Dragon!” Su Ping shouted all of a sudden.

A dragon roar burst out right after, followed and the Inferno Dragon emerged. The deafening roar had left everyone in shock.

Following that, the Inferno Dragon shook and crawled into Su Ping’s body, thus completing the fusing Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His body cracked nonstop, while dragon scales and horns grew out.

Seeing the scene, some people were shocked. They immediately realized what happened. “Another fusing? I see. Was that skeleton just a parasite?”

Lin Xiu, however, sneered. “Rot in hell with your garbage pets!” Coldness emanated from Su Ping’s eyes. It only took an instant for an abyssal, terrifying aura was spread out from his body. The aura was so dark and breathtaking that everybody who had been fighting against Lin Xiu’s companions were distracted; they thought that someone had broken the limits of the Star Lord State!

The next moment, everybody saw something they would never forget.

A splendid and majestic small world surfaced behind Su Ping’s back.

Above the dead and desolate small world, another illusory small world was blossoming.

The double small worlds bloomed like flowers.

Calivey and Brian, having seen them before, watched with amazement.

Qing Hongyue, Claudia and the others, however, were completely stunned; they could not believe their eyes.

Lin Xiu noticed this as he was swooping down; even the sneer on his face was frozen for a moment.

“Slay the sky!” Su Ping roared Furiously, like a dragon. His voice pierced the sky.

His bone saber was covered in brilliant golden divine power, which darted out as the ultimate sword aura.

He was like the swordsman who charged at the sky with his sword eons ago.

Su Ping was about to pierce through and tear the sky apart, Lin Xiu too!

Bang!!

A terrifying blast burst out. Lin Xiu’s ultimate treasure had instantly unleashed great power. The purple saber was indestructible; and so we should cut it apart.

The terrifying sword aura was almost cut apart!

Blood and brutality emanated from Su Ping’s eyes. He raised his head and roared, unfurling his wings. Another small world blossomed above the splendid pair of small worlds on his back.

The third small world!

The Path Source World!

Compared to the other two small worlds: The Path Source World was vast and vigorous. There were countless shooting stars in it; they were all the paths that Su Ping had grasped. It was also the destination of all his paths.

The paths and laws were flowing like visible streaks of light. They were so stunningly beautiful that even Calivey and Brian were dumbfounded!

The third small world!

“Break!!!”

Su Ping roared, enhancing himself with the power of his triple small worlds. There was a boom, and his magnificent power was fully revealed. Su Ping wasn’t hiding anything anymore.

It was the first time he wasl fighting with full strength, ever since he cultivated the Path Source World.

Dazzling power burst out of his bone saber. The next moment, the entire sky melted like a candle. The laws and perfect paths were completely shattered as they faced such an overwhelming power!

They could even ignore laws!

The triple small worlds were revealed. At that moment, he detected the law of chaos and the path of fire again, which couldn’t be blocked by the saber’s ultimate treasure! The saber’s ultimate treasure could only disable the perfect laws at best.

However, Su Ping’s triple small worlds made his laws three times perfect, which exceeded the limits of the saber’s blockade!