Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1117 Fusion of Constitutions

“We’ll help you!” said Qing Hongyue after observing the battle for a moment.

Claudia was also there, tending to her new wounds; her recovery was considerable thanks to the medicines she took. She said, “Let’s work together to disrupt his performance!”

She hated Lin Xiu’s guts.

Twice she was heavily wounded by him, and she was determined to pay back the favor.

Nobody else objected. Surely the most ideal choice would be to stand by and just watch, they would meet their end should Su Ping fail. After all, they also knew Lin Xiu’s secret!

“Die!”

“Kill him!” Everybody shouted at the same time. The dozens of top Star Lords were gathered there. None of them acted recklessly; they only attacked with laws from a distance.

The power of perfect laws was instantly imposed on Lin Xiu; some of them were supreme, and some others were rare. They would have twisted and burned any other Star Lord into ashes, but Lin Xiu’s sole reaction was a slight change of expression. He invoked the law of chaos and blocked the assorted perfect laws.

All laws were born in chaos. It was known as the top of all laws, one that contained many fundamental rules. The perfect law reduced the incoming disturbances to a minimum.

“You’re just a swarm of ants, even if you join forces!”

Lin Xiu suddenly roared and charged at Su Ping again, but he was instantly cut apart.

However, his body was quickly put back together, and he went after Su Ping again.

Even though he was in a disadvantageous position, he was still unleashing a powerful aura, such that it made him seem as though about to suppress Su Ping

He was also enduring the attacks of many top Star Lords. Lin Xiu was at the moment like a boss that couldn’t be killed; he was extremely tough.

“He technically is the strongest Star Lord in the Federation!”

“Damn it. To think he’s just as terrifying even without the ultimate treasure!”

“He’s so tricky to deal with. Is this the power of a top Star Lord? I think that even an Ascendant expert would have a hard time killing him!”

Everybody was attacking Lin Xiu at the same time, but he was still going strong. Many of the attacks were pulverized by Lin Xiu’s sword plate; the artifact was useless against Su Ping, but it could easily deal with the rest. Only some of the attacks reached him, but he simply chose to take them in stride.

“All of you will die!”

Lin Xiu was on a rampage, looking around with aggressiveness. He couldn’t have enjoyed himself more; it had been a long time since he had fought so passionately. All the top Star Lords of the universe were attacking him together, but that wasn’t enough to kill him.

His feat would be remembered for at least 100,000 years!

While stepping on the void, he ignored all the others and simply charged at Su Ping.

He knew that once Su Ping fell, finishing off the rest of them would be a piece of cake.

Their attacks were no more than tickles for him. None of them was a threat to him.

It had been thirty thousand years since he cultivated the four perfect supreme laws; he had been studying how to optimize their use since then. Had it not been for that trial, he would have made his attempt to become a top Heavenly Lord and start his preparations for the Celestial State. Still, he couldn’t let go of the shortcut presented before him. He was confident of becoming a top Heavenly Lord, but only one or two top Heavenly Lords could eventually reach the Celestial State.

However, he considered himself invincible as a Star Lord in that competition!

Bang!

Su Ping slashed and made him explode again.

“Die!”

Lin Xiu recovered and charged at him again.

Su Ping stared coldly at Lin Xiu’s laughing face. He had slashed and blown up his body again and again, but it was still not enough to completely destroy him.

Even if his body was completely minced to smithereens, he was still able to resurrect from another time and space. It was quite an unfathomable method.

The only solution was to completely destroy his world! “Go to hell!!!”

Lin Xiu roared and attacked Su Ping with his full strength again and again. He used the sword plate to resist the others, as he didn’t want it to be damaged by Su Ping. The ultimate treasure wasn’t even as sturdy as himself!

The protracted battle continued in the void.

Qing Hongyue, Calivey and the other helpers were getting tired; not physically but mentally. He was truly hard to kill!

Lin Xiu like an unkillable cockroach!

Even though Su Ping had the strength to defeat him, he was still unable to finish him off. That was also the reason why many top Heavenly Lords could be defeated by Celestials but not killed.

Lin Xiu currently had enough vitality to endure being hunted by an Ascendant! The ones considered ultimate Star Lords had already bridged the gap between the Star Lord State and the Ascendant State, and could resist in battle!

“It’s been seven days. He still hasn’t died!”

“Is that the perfect law of vitality? So terrifying. No wonder our master asked us to grasp the law of vitality first…” “Damn it, it’s impossible to block him. The Ascendant State restriction doesn’t allow the use of secret treasures to imprison him. He’s invincible!”

All the fighters were already numb. They even considered retreating.

They had tried sealing, imprisoning and exiling him over the course of seven days, all to no avail.

Having mastered the path of time and space, Lin Xiu would make a quick come back, even if he was exiled to a far off point in time.

With things having gone to such lengths, Lin Xiu would never let them go.

They would instantly face Lin Xiu’s thunderous strikes without Su Ping’s support. The only thing comforting them was that Su Ping remained as vigorous as seven days prior, completely unlike a Star State Warrior. Most other people sustained their power with elixirs, but Su Ping hadn’t taken any. Lin Xiu noticed this, so his attacks lessened in frequency. He also seemed to have concluded that exhausting Su Ping before the end of the trial would be impossible.

What a shame. If we were elsewhere, I would kill you even if it takes a hundred or a thousand years! Lin Xiu was really angry and frustrated

He couldn’t kill the others if he couldn’t kill Su Ping.

After all, he couldn’t resist Su Ping’s strikes.

All was leading to the secret being exposed eventually; his conspiracy with the saints could be publicized, reaching the ears of the other Celestials.

He was afraid that the Celestials would join forces and deal with him, even if he won the legacy. That was why he wanted to kill all the others.

“The trial is over…” Su Ping mumbled to himself; he wasn’t expecting to fight seven days straight, either. He had never fought such a long battle before; all his previous battles had ended quickly.

Unfortunately, the law of chaos I know is too gentle. I would’ve destroyed him if I had grasped the law of chaos with the power of triple small worlds!”

Su Ping’s eyes glittered.

He would have destroyed the guy’s law of destruction and all other laws to ultimately annihilate him!

Alas, there was no time to grasp the law at that moment, and it was pointless to keep fighting. He needed some time to look for the key, or the person who had picked it.

“It’s time to stop,” said Su Ping in a low voice.

Lin Xiu paused and sneered. “You’re lucky to survive this time. You’ll be the first to die when I get the legacy!”

He had already decided that he would kill Su Ping at the very first opportunity, even if Shen Huang were to intervene. It had been a long time since he felt such loathing for anyone.

After all, the truly strong would have plenty of friends and very few enemies. “You’re overthinking.”

Su Ping’s eyes turned cold; his body was gradually set ablaze. Oddly enough, the flames were black, like the fires from hell itself.

“Huh?”

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes. He had never seen Su Ping attack like that before, which made him wary; he suddenly felt that Su Ping was dangerous. I had never tried fusing constitutions and unleashing their full strength at the same time…

Su Ping took a deep breath; deity aura was constantly surging out of his astral oceans. The space around him was instantly covered in black flames, turning the void into a sea of fire.

“What’s that?” someone exclaimed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The Sorcerer’s Constitution!”

It was activated; the ancient constitution Su Ping had awakened during his visit to the Golden Crow clan. He had presented it back in the Universe Geniuses’ Contest, which was then made known as the Sorcerer’s Constitution. Its power was released along with the power of his Golden Crow constitution using a strange coordination. Such a move was achieved by fully using the Golden Crow Constitution for days.

“I’m launching this strike with all my strength. You can leave if you can survive it!” Su Ping said slowly.

Lin Xiu narrowed his eyes and gazed at Su Ping.

The next moment, black flames surged out and swept across the world, as if about to drown the void.

Su Ping concurrently focused all his power on his bone saber, where the black flames were burning the fiercest. He then released all the power! God’s Arrival.

Ninety percent of his strength!

Bang!

A dark sword aura slashed forth, which seemed to be cutting the universe apart. Lin Xiu instantly changed his expression. Shocked and infuriated, he activated the power of four perfect laws; meanwhile, his small world appeared. Two rare pets with Ascendant State potential roared furiously in front of him!

Still, the two beasts screamed desperately as soon as they appeared; they were consumed in the blink of an eye.