Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 114 Heritage Grounds

Su Ping asked, “Can you give me more information about the Mysterious Realm?”

Although he wasn’t interested in going, it wouldn’t do him any harm to know.

Ye Chenshan didn’t expect this question from him. He had thought that Su Ping had to be a person trained by some major forces in the base city, given how he could kill a Magical Corpse Beast at such a young age and how exceptionally strong he was. Why did he seem not to be familiar with the Mysterious Realm?

Ye Chenshan blinked. He wasn’t sure whether Su Ping didn’t know or he was trying to hide his identity by pretending. Either way, Ye Chenshan had to play along. “The Mysterious Realm opening up this time is one of the three found in our subcontinent, Longtai Mountain.

“You must know that the Longtai Mountain is closed off all year round. Only the ones with powerful connections can go there alone. For us, the general public, we can only go there and explore when the Mysterious Realm is open to the public.

“I heard that the opening of the Mysterious Realm is specifically for people participating in the Elite League. The big potatoes of our subcontinent seem to have selected some participants that they want to train in the Mysterious Realm, so that they have better chances to win the global championship title. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

“Anyways, we are in luck.”

Su Ping then understood.

He didn’t know how important the Elite League would be. Even those big potatoes were observing. The Elite League had to involve many stakeholders’ interests.

“Why did you come to see me?” Su Ping asked.

Ye Chenshan laughed. “Last time, we owed you. There’s nothing we can do to pay you back. So, when such an amazing chance popped up, the first person I thought of was you.”

Su Ping went straight to the point, “Seriously, what is the reason?”

Ye Chanshan was taken aback and then produced a bitter smile. “That is the truth. Mr. Su, you must understand that woes are mixed with blessings. In the Mysterious Realm, there are benefits and dangers as well. This time, our team has obtained a treasure map. We will most certainly find some benefits there. Therefore, it can only be beneficial for you if you join us. I am just repaying your kindness.” Su Ping looked at Ye Chenshan closely and felt the latter was most likely telling the truth. “I will think about it.” Su Ping nodded.

“Think about it?” Ye Chenshan was surprised. Usually, people would accept the offer right away given how fabulous the chance was. Why would Su Ping even want to think about

it?

Ye Chenshan smiled bitterly inside. He imagined that, maybe, because of Su Ping’s strong connections, he didn’t care about the Mysterious Realm since he must have seen the world. He didn’t push Su Ping. “The Mysterious Realm will only be available after a couple of days. Mr. Su, take your time to think. When it opens, I will inform you. If you want in, I will come and pick you up.”

“Okay, thanks.” Su Ping nodded.

Ye Chenshan left after they exchanged a few extra pleasantries.

When Ye Chenshan was away, Su Ping went to search for the Mysterious Realm on the internet.

He tried several search engines and only came across something messy. There was nothing true about the Mysterious Realm.

Su Ping suddenly remembered that he was an explorer with a silver medal. He might be able to find some information closed to the public by logging onto the website as an explorer.

He opened and logged onto the official website of the explorers. He wanted to search for information there. He noticed in a column, there were the words “Mysterious Realm”, which came as a surprise to him. He clicked the link and was directed to another page.

On the page, only four major continents were displayed.

He clicked into the subcontinent, which was the area the Longjiang Base City belonged to.

There were three Mysterious Realms there.

Namely, the Longtai Mountain, the River of Whale Bones, and the Tomb of Gods and Devils.

Under the names were the background introduction of those Mysterious Realms.

It turned out that those Mysterious Realms were originally inside space fractures as well. Different from the unknown worlds in the space fractures where the beasts and monsters resided in, there were traces of civilization in the Mysterious Realms.

In the different regions, all kinds of dangerous monsters or treasures were hidden. With any luck, people could get rich overnight and soar up in society. If luck was in short supply, people would lose their lives there without leaving a trace.

To put it simply, Mysterious Realms were more thrilling and alluring, where the powerful explorers would go to find benefits.

Su Ping clicked into the page of the Longtai Mountain to find more details.

He saw a huge dragon skull as soon as he entered the page. The empty eye sockets were fixed on him. It was as if there were some powers in the dragon’s eyes, peering at him through time.

There was a massive plaza under the dragon’s skull. It was a core area, and also the entrance to the Mysterious Realm.

Behind the dragon’s skull was the spacious exploration site. The Longtai Mountain had 106 different regions. Currently, the people on the team had only explored 57 of them.

Of those known regions, people had located battle pet skills lost in ancient times, special weapons, and eggs of pets that should have gone extinct. Some unknown germs had also been uncovered. Such discoveries were of tremendous help to medical science.

It was also a place for exploration, with wider expanses and more benefits when compared to the barren lands.

Su Ping made a summary of the Mysterious Realms after he read the information.

His interest dropped. Ye Chenshan mentioned that there was a treasure map. But, those areas with treasure sites could have ferocious guardian beasts. To put it simply, this was just like exploring the barren lands. There were risks and the only benefit was better returns.

Su Ping closed the page of Longtai Mountain and then reviewed two main areas, the River of Whale Bones and the Tomb of Gods and Devils. Both were similar, the difference hinged on the fact that weapons and bones of gods and devils were once uncovered inside the Tomb of Gods and Devils. It stirred up a huge sensation amongst explorers.

Su Ping closed the pages due to a lack of interest. He stayed in the store and pulled up the cultivation sites to select a proper one for the Purple Python.

Amongst cultivation sites of the four levels, the number of elementary cultivation sites was the largest. The Extraterrestrial Meteorite Region alone was numbered from zero to over 70 million. Su Ping visited it once. It had been an Extraterrestrial Meteorite Region numbered at around the 1000s.

Each Extraterrestrial Meteorite Region was qualified differently according to its environment. Maybe there was another common factor for them to be categorized as the Extraterrestrial Meteorite Region.

Su Ping skimmed through the Extraterrestrial Meteorite Region and then looked at the introduction of other cultivation sites one by one.

All of a sudden, he saw one, named Heritage Shadowland No.0-Bone Fiend Heritage Ground.

Following No.o, there were No.1, No.2... and more. Just like the Extraterrestrial Meteorite Regions, this was also a major category of cultivation sites.

But behind each number was a different name, indicating a different heritage ground. Apart from the Bone Fiend Heritage Ground No.o, there were the Dragon King Heritage Ground, the Willow God Heritage Ground, etc...

Su Ping threw a casual look at the cultivation sites in this category. The time and era they belonged to were included in the introduction. The Bone Fiend Heritage Ground No.o, for example, was from the ninth solar year of the new holy calendar. The Dragon King Heritage Ground was also from the ninth solar year of the new holy calendar.

Su Ping didn’t know what year it was exactly, but he learned from the system that at the very beginning, time was documented with the Chaos Calendar, then the Immemorial Holy Calendar; later the New Holy Calendar was adopted, which was more “modern.”

Apart from the time and era, Su Ping noticed that the cultivation sites in this category were all shadowlands, just as the name of the category suggested. There was no pet food in those cultivation lands. No plant could be taken out from there. Everything was an illusion.

The only benefits to be enjoyed there were to train by leveraging the tests set up at those heritage grounds.

The illusion was quite lifelike. It also meant that dying in those cultivation sites was literal death.

And yet, with the benefit of being able to die several times, he wasn’t afraid of this prospect.

Su Ping was curious because the system’s cultivation sites included the heritage grounds of some fallen gods and devils. The cultivation sites were all-inclusive.

“The Dragon King Heritage Ground is related to a fallen Dragon King. I have the Inferno Dragon that can be trained there,” Su Ping said to himself. As a ninth-rank pet of the best kind, it would be best if his Inferno Dragon could be trained as early as possible.Although those heritage grounds were illusory—and passing the tests there didn’t mean that the legacy could be passed onto them—those tests should be quite effective for training with dragons.

It was close to noon. People in general were most likely enjoying their lunch time. There were only a few customers. Su Ping closed the store, then took the Inferno Dragon, the Purple Python, Little Skeleton, and the Managarm that had been abandoned by its master, to later head to the Dragon King Heritage Ground.

The admission cost him eight energy points.

The familiar feeling that came with the changes in time and space assaulted him. When Su Ping opened his eyes again, he saw himself standing in front of a massive dragon skeleton of over a thousand meters long. The skeleton meandered around. The huge dragon skull, its strong and terrifying horns exhibited power and a magnificent feeling that it couldn’t be described with words.

Su Ping looked up at the dragon skull. He exclaimed at the view and at the same time, felt this view familiar somehow.

“Are you willing to accept the challenge for my legacy?” an ancient, vigorous and overwhelming voice came through. It was extremely loud, enough to make the whole space shake.

Su Ping knew instantly that it was the soul of the dragon king; a soul constructed by the illusions of this heritage ground was doing the talking

From the introduction, Su Ping had learned that this was a procedure set up by the system. Whether he accepted it or not, he would be sent into the default heritage tests.