Chapter 1188: Bottom of the Abyss

Skeletons, ghosts, specters and apparitions are all made of soul power.

Soul power is what motivates them.

Su Ping changed his opinion about undead creatures when he reached such an understanding. He could even transform into any type of undead creature by adjusting his soul power.

That kind of power would be an ultimate treasure for the Little Skeleton.

However, Su Ping didn’t intend to summon the Little Skeleton right away. The Abyssal Hole was too much for the Little Skeleton to bear; the little one would probably dissolve immediately, even if it could resurrect.

Su Ping needed to set a “dosage”, so that the Little Skeleton could gradually adapt itself to the new environment.

This Abyssal Hole… seems to be alive.

Su Ping seemed to be coordinated with the essential soul power around him somehow, while his soul was condensed.

His senses were no longer restrained during his coordination. Rather, they spread out quickly, much more widely than he could normally perceive, and easily detected the contours of the entire Abyssal Hole.

Su Ping then noticed something was off about the Abyssal Hole thanks to his expanded senses.

There was some sort of pulse in the cave, as if a living creature were breathing there. The cave contained a type of special power he couldn’t understand.

Su Ping swam deeper into the cave.

He gradually felt that he was getting closer to that special power as he went down.

Finally, Su Ping felt that his body was shivering at some point.

His senses seemed to be obstructed in the cave below; he saw nothing but darkness.

A dim silver light gradually popped up in the middle of the darkness.

There were amber mottles mixed in the light. Upon closer look, Su Ping discovered that it looked like a pupil!

There was an eyeball gazing at him in the abyss.

An unfathomable power instantly surrounded Su Ping and stopped him from moving.

Is this how recklessness often leads to death…?

Su Ping’s heart pounded. He was so frightened that his skin was on the verge of exploding. The fear was beyond his control; it had nothing to do with his own willpower. The fear made his blood flow and his heartbeat accelerate; he would have turned around and fled if it weren’t for his willpower.

That is, on the premise that he could still control his body.

That’s definitely stronger than a God Emperor…?Su Ping’s heart shivered. He remembered the fear he felt when Mo Feng summoned the Ancestral God’s projection during their battle.

He was even more frightened at the moment. His body was almost falling apart; it was as if all his cells were going to abandon him and disperse.

I was only confronting the Ancestral God’s projection back then. Am I facing an Ancestral God monster right now?

Su Ping no longer dared to think about it.

Who could tell what that thing was, buried in the deepest part of the Abyssal Hole.

Time passed, one second after the other. Su Ping was paralyzed in the dark, all beyond his control. He suddenly felt a push after a long time passed, right when he felt he was about to collapse.

The next second—he was launched at an unprecedented speed. All the soul power in the cave dispersed and made way for him.

Su Ping’s body rushed out of the cave like a rocket!

Su Ping was able to see the full picture after leaving the cave. He also saw the Nether Dragon coiled around the Abyssal Hole. The dragon saw him too. It opened its cold and furious eyes and was about to chase him after noticing that Su Ping was dashing away as fast as light.

Roar!

The Nether Dragon couldn’t help but roar. It was going to attract Su Ping with its power, but it retreated the moment its power reached Su Ping, as if bitten by a snake, or after touching the light of a candle!

“It’s…”

The Nether Dragon opened its eyes in shock and fear.

Did it detect the aura of that lord coming off Su Ping?

Whoosh!

In the blink of an eye—Su Ping left the Nether Dragon’s sight, and flew straight upwards.

The water in the ocean split up and gave way. All the soul beasts and undead creatures in his path dodged him. Those who failed to move in time were crushed to little pieces by an invisible power before they touched Su Ping. Whatever was left of them fell from the sky…

Su Ping quickly saw that all the scenes before him were flying backwards and reducing in size. The Abyssal Hole turned into a point, and the gargantuan Nether Dragon turned into a worm, until they disappeared.

The water was quickly moving backwards too. His body suddenly emerged from the ocean at some point.

Finally, the force imposed on him stopped.

Su Ping looked down, only to find that he was already floating in the sky above the ocean.

It only took five seconds—he had moved all the way back to the surface of the Naihe Soul Ocean, directly from the bottomless Abyssal Hole.

To think he had gone through all that trouble to sneak his way down, when it was that easy for him to come back.

“I’ve been kicked out?” Su Ping looked at the ocean in a daze. He originally thought his death was certain, never expecting that he would be ousted.

That being was so powerful that it could have killed him with a single thought.

That thing… wasn’t trying to hurt me.?Su Ping pondered.

He was absolutely unscathed.

He had swiftly returned to the surface without being hurt, which suggested that the guy had only wanted to drive him away.

Was that a gesture of kindness?

Why was that thing so kind hearted?

“I stayed in the Abyssal Hole for such a long time. Maybe it had noticed me long before, but it didn’t drive me away back then…” Su Ping mumbled, and found the place odd.

Hiss!

While Su Ping considered this—the ocean began to stir, and a tremendous number of undead creatures charged out of the ocean and headed towards him.

Su Ping had to focus. He would probably be able to find the answer if he came back when he became strong enough.

As for right then…

“I’ll practice with you for now.” Su Ping didn’t go back immediately. Since he had exited the ocean safely, it was a good opportunity to test the effects of his cultivation.

He didn’t hesitate to unleash all his strength as the tremendous number of undead creatures surged towards him. He showed all of his six small worlds, which glowed like wheels and endowed him with the terrifying power of worlds.

Su Ping charged at the creatures, causing a bloody storm; many of them were annihilated. The power of Su Ping’s fists and feet could easily shock those Star Lord undead creatures.

All of them were Star Lords, but they were no different from chickens in Su Ping’s eyes.

The soul power dispersed as the creatures died, which attracted more creatures to the place, including those of Ascendant realm.

There were apparitions, ghosts, Dark Demons, and many more.

Su Ping went on a killing spree with his iron fists. He discovered that not even the Ascendant undead could endure his punch!

My soul entity seems to be even more attractive to them than a god’s body is!?Su Ping discovered that the undead creatures were unusually excited and greedy as they fought. They were even more rampant than when he snuck into the Naihe Soul Ocean as a god.

Su Ping had an epiphany.?Right, while a god’s body is great nutrition for them, my soul entity is even more nutritional. If they consume me, there will be a chance for them to transform into essential souls, so that they will no longer be bound by race or bloodline…”

His current body couldn’t be underestimated.

All creatures were bound by bloodline. Some dragons could reach no higher than the Ocean State, and some were bound below the Fate State. Other dragons with greater bloodlines, however, could become Star Lords or enter the Ascendant State.

The young Chaos Beast, for example, had the ultimate bloodline. It could cultivate and turn into a grand monster as strong as an Ancestral God!

It would become a Celestial when it reached adulthood.

That was why bloodline mattered.

Even though Su Ping was a human being, his physical attributes had already been changed. He didn’t know the upper limit of his soul entity, but it was definitely more powerful than normal constitutions!

Bang!

Su Ping punched out again; his green soul power burned as furiously as flames did. An Ascendant monster was hit and instantly set ablaze; it screamed miserably, and a huge hole appeared on his body soon after.

The monster had to tear off the burning part, becoming greatly weakened as a result. It had been ambushed by another Ascendant soul before it lunged at him again.

Su Ping roared and fought his way out of that chaotic battlefield. Then, he suddenly switched to an ancient deity’s constitution. The Small Deity World surged and covered his body, then compressed and disappeared.

The undead creatures chasing him watched as he disappeared; they looked around but lost their target.

Deities are truly experts when it comes to hiding,?Su Ping thought. He had disappeared while everybody was watching; even the Ascendant creatures were unable to locate him. He was a real genius in terms of saving his life.

Su Ping communicated with the system and chose to return after dashing over a short distance.

The returning space channel surfaced, and Su Ping soon went from the terrible Naihe Soul Ocean back to the simple and ancient pet room.

Su Ping was greatly relieved to see the familiar environment. He took off his disguise and concealed his aura, restoring his human appearance.

Su Ping opened the door and went outside. He discovered that it was late at night, but it was still very busy outside the store. Many customers were talking while waiting in line.

It is busy as always…?Su Ping remarked. He suddenly thought that it was time for the training efficiency of his store to be improved, or the customers would have to spend a long time waiting.

“You’re back.” Tang Ruyan and the others who were resting inside the store noticed him.

They only needed to receive the customers during the day and send the pets into the pet storage; they didn’t need to do anything else. Joanna could easily heal injured pets whenever they received them. After all, her peak Ascendant self was there; it was really easy for her to treat normal pets. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Su Ping nodded.

The sutra old man was seated on the couch. He had changed his old-fashioned clothes into a set of casual leisure wear with a pair of sunglasses; he couldn’t have looked more fashionable. He pushed his glasses and looked at Su Ping, only to be shocked. “You seem to have grown again.”

Su Ping was dumbfounded after seeing the old man’s attire. “You’re wearing sunglasses in the middle of the night?”

“It doesn’t affect my eyesight,” said the sutra old man.

“…”

Su Ping was lost for words, and had to change the subject. “How long have I been cultivating?”

“Three months,” replied Tang Ruyan immediately, laced with complaints. Su Ping had been spending less and less time in the store as of late. He was either traveling outside or training in seclusion; it was getting harder for her to meet him.

“So long…”

Su Ping was surprised. He immediately remembered the days when he cultivated in the Abyssal Hole. He had indeed lost track of time, thinking it had only been a few days.

“Something happened outside recently. Your master sent for you and left you a message,” said Joanna softly while gazing at him.

Su Ping looked at her. He had to admit that Joanna’s original self was even more stunning than her clone. She was mature and charming; her previous clone was more or less juvenile despite her majestic tone.

Joanna’s original self was an authentic goddess of war. She looked like an elegant lady when she smiled, but she would turn into a fearsome battle goddess when she frowned!

“What’s the matter?” asked Su Ping straight away.

He remembered Old Monster Ye.?Did the guy cause any trouble during these three months?

“The deity that left here earlier sent someone to attack us. Fortunately, it was noticed in time. Otherwise, the entire planet would have been destroyed.”

Joanna continued, “Your master had seen it coming, and sent some of your senior brothers to protect this planet. They stopped him in time, or the customers would have suffered.”

Su Ping was sullen and dazed.

Had that old monster not caused enough trouble in the universe? Is he that eager for revenge?

“I thought he wouldn’t come at us until his own force was established. I didn’t expect him to be so hasty…” Su Ping’s eyes were cold.

“What a shame!”

The sutra old man heaved a sigh. “I know Ye Chen well; he never postpones revenge. It’s already remarkable that he held back for this long.”

“That old monster was as cautious as always. He didn’t come in person; probably because he was scared of your master. He simply sent some Ascendants he hired.” The cauldron woman was clad in wild attire on the couch; with bandages as her bra, her abdomen and collarbone were exposed.

Su Ping sneered. Perhaps the guy wasn’t scared of his master; more like scared of the store.

He had probably sent the Ascendant cultivators to destroy the planet and find out how the store would fight back.

Tang Ruyan comforted Su Ping, “Your master has pulled this planet closer to the Celestial Court in case he sends more attackers. I don’t think that devil would dare come again.”