Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 123 Special Evolution

Xu Kuang frowned as he read the message.

Longjiang Cool Dude? What kind of name is that? A titled private tutor?

He widened his eyes in joy. A titled battle pet warrior wants to help me?? The message took him to a temporary chat window, where the name “Longjiang Cool Dude” was enclosed in a golden frame only available to titled tutors.

Xu Kuang carefully typed his greeting so he didn’t offend someone so important.

(Xu Kuang: Good day to you, Mister! /shy]

Su Ping’s response soon came:

[Long Jiang Cool Dude: I just saw you looking for a tutor who can teach you about Undead pets. I’m available right now. A million for each lesson. Do you need me?]

He wants to teach me?? Xu Kuang couldn’t believe what he saw.

The website employed a total of 12 titled battle pet warriors to expand their business. Despite being tutors, these people didn’t usually accept jobs. If a student wanted to get their help, they had to seek help via other connections.

Man. Did someone finally see the hidden talent in me? Nah. Maybe this tutor is just feeling bored.

Either way, Xu Kuang would cherish such an opportunity. A million sounded to be a lot, but it was worthwhile if he was going to be instructed by a titled battle pet warrior.

[Xu Kuang: Of course, of course! It is an honor to study with you, sir.) [Longjiang Cool Dude: Good. When are you available?]

(Xu Kuang: Anytime! /grin] [Longjiang Cool Dude: We’ll meet up at seven tonight then. Send me your address.] (Xu Kuang: All right! Here it is...] (Longjiang Cool Dude: Cool.] [Xu Kuang: I will wait for your arrival. There’s no need to hurry on the road, sir! / smile /heart] The window grayed out, which meant the tutor had gone offline.

Xu Kuang breathed a sigh of relief and checked the clock. Six hours, and he would see a titled battle pet warrior in person. This would be an exclusive moment dreamed by everyone in this city. Titled warriors were rare on this planet, and they rarely showed up in public. The academy also had a few senior professors who were titled warriors, but they had not given any lessons in ages.

“Oh, right, I need to prepare and look good. Maybe he’ll recognize me and accept me as his personal disciple!” Xu Kuang’s eyes brimmed with joy.

He found his best coat and headed off to a stadium nearby to get himself in top condition.

Su Ping typed the final response and closed the chat window.

“Good, new business.”

The private lesson was only a detour before heading home in the evening. Easy money.

It was almost time for another group of Dummy Trainees to come out. He went to the pet room just at the right time to see five pets who were booted out of their respective cultivation planes.

The creatures briefly checked their new footing and calmed down.

Su Ping made sure that all five pets had grown enough to satisfy the orders, before tossing them into the Nursing Space. Next, he gathered another group of pets to be trained.

He didn’t see any customers in the shop for half an hour, so he simply locked the door and took the Managarm, the Inferno Dragon and the Purple Python into the dragon king’s heritage ground again.

Without Little Skeleton, he could only reach the fifth floor of the dragon pillar before having to quit. The three pets he took were pretty much useless at that level, which meant he had to fight his way forward himself. Since he was already an intermediate fourth-rank battle pet warrior, the “dragon shadows” in the tower also grew stronger according to his level. As he presumed, the enemy waiting at the ninth floor should be a Beast King at this rate.

After leaving the tower, he continued to cleanse the “dragon scale lands” by ordering his pets to deal with enemies at the front.

Apart from enemies, those landscapes also had all kinds of valuable herbs and treasures hidden everywhere. Sadly, he couldn’t take them away since none of them were real.

The pets visibly improved by the end of the exploration, with the Managarm being the champion of all, who successfully evolved when battling against a demon-type monster.

Rather, it wasn’t a common evolution but some sort of metamorphosis. Usually, a Managarm could turn into a fourth-rank Silver Moon Hound with enough training and growth. In Su Ping’s case, however, it became a Dark Dragon Hound instead. A Dark Dragon Hound was no longer a common canine; it had turned into a demon-type Astral Pet. It was a positive transformation, because a Dark Dragon Hound had the potential of reaching the sixth rank.

The hound had grown bigger than an adult lion at the moment. If Su Ping wanted, he could ride it on the streets.

Only a small part of the silver fur of the original Managarm remained, which was intermingled with a pitch-black, glossy coat, giving the creature a rather strange style.

Also, the roar of the Dark Dragon Hound then carried the might of a real dragon, probably because it learned such a thing when surviving inside the dragon tower. The Inferno Dragon and the Purple Python grew in size and strength, especially the Inferno Dragon, who had almost reached teenagehood when it had only existed in this world for a few days. Moreover, such growth was not the result of hasty work. All the excessive training and battle experience helped the Inferno Dragon become better than pets of the same rank.

The dragon was currently at the third rank. Still, it was strong enough to confront something of the upper fourth rank. Or it could use its dragon roar to briefly stun fifth-rank opponents. As for the Purple Python, it had gotten sturdy enough to strangle something of its own size to death with its scaled body. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

That day’s exploration helped them cleanse several more dragon scales. With the work done, Su Ping planned to rest in the shop and perhaps receive some customers before the end of the day. He did welcome two students before closing the shop, both of whom came by following the rumors. By training their low-rank pets, Su Ping secured another 200 energy points in his pocket. The day was darkening. After calling several customers to pick up their pets the following day (while ignoring their queries), he left the shop and found a taxi to head to his student’s place.

As soon as he departed, a figure appeared behind a tree next to the shop.

Su Lingyue had been keeping an eye on the shop for the whole day. She wanted to find out where so many pets ended up at, or where that “master trainer” was. But no matter how she looked, she only saw Su Ping and Su Ping alone tending to the shop.

She could have gone closer to peek through the door but didn’t do it, since Su Ping was good enough to detect her.

Where the hell is he going at such an hour?

She bit her lips and decided to follow the taxi.