Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221: Catching Ascendant State Pets

The behemoth roared angrily, infuriated by Su Ping’s strange resurrection; it was beyond its knowledge and understanding. The situation not only angered it, but made it feel vigilant and scared.

Bang!

Su Ping was able to fight head to head with the behemoth using Dao Patterns. There was a great amount of chaotic energy in Su Ping. Even though he was just a Star Lord, the power of chaos, being the most primal energy, was hundreds of times denser than other energy types!

Su Ping was at the moment able to reach a tie with the behemoth when clashing with physical strength alone, despite his disadvantages.

That filled him with hope; the longer he fought, the braver he became. He continued exploiting the young Chaos Beast’s power, which allowed him to develop the pet’s potential.

Bang!

The behemoth roared furiously and attacked in a fit of frenzy. It completely suppressed Su Ping, but was unable to kill him.

The creature’s secret techniques grew weaker because of the eight small worlds, and were no longer able to cause fatal damage when they hit Su Ping.

“Break!”

Su Ping felt terrified upon seeing the red rays of light shot by the behemoth. He unleashed his full strength and detonated his first small world, causing glamorous fireworks and dazzling scenes. Those effects were caused by the explosion of laws in the small world. Such an explosion of the law of time caused flashbacks in the explosion area.

The enormous power caused by the explosion was a great stimulus for Su Ping. His own power was boosted to a new peak. He stepped forward and slashed furiously!

Light was glowing in the void; all kinds of unusual phenomena were appearing. The rays were shattered and the sword aura became desolate. The behemoth howled and charged again amid the collapsed energy in the void.

Su Ping was unwilling to give in. He then prepared himself to detonate the second world. He would no longer be able to fight the gargantuan creature with only seven small worlds. He had to keep detonating them!

Bang!

Su Ping’s declining aura rose to a new peak. He slashed again, as if ready to cut the sky apart. That was an ultimate skill he had created using the Sky Execution Technique as the main reference, along with many laws and Dao Patterns—named, Dawn!

The world seemed to be sliced in two. The clouds in the sky were pushed away, revealing the bloody moons.

The behemoth rolled out some of its bloody tongues, which had been sliced by the sword aura. The attack went and pressed for hundreds of meters, reaching the beast’s body and causing a deep wound.

The severed tongues quickly grew back—

However, the wound on its body was recovering extremely slowly. The Dao Patterns and the sword aura were still digging into its body and slowing down its recovery.

I’ve actually injured a Celestial creature while being a Star Lord. Not bad.

Su Ping became even more excited and crazy. He detonated his third world before his aura declined.

The behemoth roared upon seeing that Su Ping’s aura was still on the rise; the black universe behind its back suddenly dashed over, which acted like its core. That was its most powerful attack, and also its greatest vulnerability; it would be really difficult to fix its small universe if damaged.

The behemoth’s own life would be at risk too!

The creature had used its small universe three times in a row during their fight!

Su Ping’s eyes glittered upon seeing the small universe heading toward him. He roared and detonated the rest of his small worlds; the resulting surge of violent power almost ripped his body to pieces. He was now filled with such overwhelming strength that he seemed able to suppress the world by raising a hand!

“Come on!!”

He slashed using Dawn again. The entire world was shaking; time and space were in turmoil and all laws were being annihilated. The sword aura could crush billions of kilometers in a single second; it reached the small universe the moment it was launched.

There was a boom, and the black universe hummed, unleashing a black demonic aura that continuously corrupted the sword aura, until it suppressed the latter like an iron ball.

The sword aura was dispersed, and Su Ping was drowned by the small universe again.

Revival!

Su Ping was resurrected elsewhere in the blink of an eye, and watched as the behemoth recalled its small universe. His eyes were keen enough for him to notice a tiny crack!

The small universe was damaged!

It was very hard to fix a damaged small universe; it couldn’t be healed in the blink of an eye like a body.

Su Ping was truly delighted by the result. There was a chance that he could kill the enemy if he continued like this!

The great beast didn’t have the time to feel sorry for its small universe when it noticed Su Ping reappear. It roared with extreme fury, but the next moment—instead of charging at Su Ping, it turned around and fled!

Su Ping was going to attack, but the scene left him in a daze.?The Celestial beast is escaping?

Even though his fighting style was almost like cheating, it was unexpected to see such a powerhouse choose to flee.

“You’re not going to eat me anymore?

“Am I not delicious enough?”

Su Ping looked in the direction the behemoth had gone to, and felt rather helpless. He wanted to give chase, but knew he couldn’t.

He could kill the beast in a war of attrition with his infinite resurrections. But he would never be able to catch up if the other was determined to run.

He waited for a moment, but the Celestial State beast was still nowhere to be seen; Su Ping had to give up. In any case, he had measured his combat ability during battle: he could kill a Celestial State creature by leveraging resurrections, which was unimaginable for Su Ping in the past.

It was just like a normal Star State cultivator could hardly deal with a Star Lord, even if the former could resurrect infinitely.

After all, a Star Lord could kill a Star State cultivator with one finger. He could even kill the guy with a mere glance, or some pressure.

A Star Lord would only feel a bit tired, even if a Star State cultivator resurrected a million times; there was a long way to go until the former died from exhaustion.

Su Ping felt he would need twenty resurrections more to finish the behemoth off, on the premise that the latter didn’t flee!

After all, the behemoth had to use its small universe and full strength to suppress him.

“This result is not bad at all, especially when considering that my opponent was two levels stronger than me. I simply wonder how strong that beast is among other Celestials…” said Su Ping to himself.

He was planning on trying his hand with other Celestial beasts if he encountered them. He had gone there for training anyway.

In the deep sea—all the Ascendant beasts were fleeing; some were accidentally killed during the battle. As for those below the Ascendant State, they had been run through and killed by the energy produced with Su Ping’s sword aura.

It was truly unlucky for them to get involved in such a battle. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Su Ping didn’t stay too long. He continued moving forward with the Little Skeleton and the other pets.

He slew the beasts they encountered, and stopped when he found suitable sparring partners. He was already able to crush any beast below the Celestial State.

Time flew.

Once back from the Dark Demon World, Su Ping put down the pets he had trained and took four different pets to another advanced cultivation site for training.

Su Ping encountered a few Celestial beasts on his way. He became more familiar with his new power as he fought, and he started using Dao Patterns more skillfully.

If I can compress the thirty-six Dao Patterns into eighteen, they will be multiple times more powerful!

Unfortunately, Dao Patterns are used to illustrate Dao Glyphs. If the Dao Patterns are compressed into one, it will become a Dao Glyph. Only God Emperors or even Ancestral Gods can probably fight with Dao Glyphs alone…

Su Ping was also working on new Dao Patterns during battle, while he became familiar with the usage of Dao Patterns.

I should be able to finish off some Celestial beasts within ten resurrections.?Su Ping knew his own combat ability with increasing clarity. Even though ten resurrections were still necessary, the achievement itself was still incredible. After all, not even the top Heavenly Lords can kill a Celestial, even if they could resurrect dozens of times.

Once a Celestial became serious, they would kill any Ascendant cultivators they wanted, including the so-called Heavenly Lords.

It was practically impossible for a Heavenly Lord to kill a Celestial expert!

…

…

“Finally, I’ve caught one successfully.”

Su Ping felt relieved as he looked at the phoenix—with black and golden feathers—which had been caught by a beast-catching ring. That was his last one; the other five had failed. He would have bought six beast-catching rings for nothing if the last one failed again!

Beast-catching rings could only be used once; they would break once they failed.

Once a pet was successfully caught, the ring would serve as a temporary home for the creature.

Su Ping felt slightly regretful since only one in six rings had succeeded. But he felt lucky too; after all, the odds were only at 1%. Even though he had beaten Ascendant pets within an inch of their lives to increase the odds of success, he estimated that the probability couldn’t go beyond a 10%.

That was only one tenth.

It wasn’t bad that he succeeded in the end.

Fortunately, he could make up for all the costs incurred if he sold an Ascendant pet.

Su Ping picked Ascendant State pets with the best of bloodlines. That Black Emperor Red Feather Phoenix, for example, carried a Celestial State bloodline!

It was said that the pet’s father was a beast with an emperor-level bloodline and its mother was a phoenix; cross-species mating wasn’t unusual for beasts.

Reproductive isolation wasn’t a problem at all for creatures that controlled laws. Even Star Lords could change laws and give birth to their unique species.

It hasn’t reached adulthood yet. I will easily reach the Celestial State by the time it fully activates its potential and awakens its bloodline. I should be able to sell it for a high price.?Su Ping smiled and waved a hand to recall the ring.

Su Ping checked the four customers’ pets and examined their potential. He was relieved to see that they were all high-level, so he chose to go back to the store.

The store was quite crowded and lively.

Su Ping had chosen the pet room as a return point. He placed the customers’ pets in nursing pens and then opened the door to visit the lobby.

The sutra old man and the cauldron woman hurriedly got back to work and greeted him, even after seeing that Su Ping had returned. Su Ping gave them a single glance and then ignored them completely. There was no way they would be rated as outstanding employees with such an attitude.