Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1246 The Red Tribulation

The space obviously existed inside the ancient corpse. Invoking a Heavenly Tribulation inside the body… Su Ping was rather curious, wondering if it was possible.

The young Chaos Beast’s body was soon transformed while immersed in the abundant power of chaos. Its skin became as smooth as rubber, becoming quite elastic. There were a lot of black holes on its head too, which were absorbing chaos energy like tiny black holes.

Meanwhile, a crack appeared in the void above its head.

When observing the sky outside of the crack, clouds were gathering and thunder was rumbling. It was indeed a Heavenly Tribulation.

Su Ping was astonished by this, not expecting to find that the tribulation would indeed take place right there.

The crack also seemed to make a window connecting with a place outside the ancient corpse. However, it didn’t seem to have been created by the tribulation itself, but by some sort of special field.

It’s a shame we can’t take this tribulation to a cultivation site. We would have a chance to benefit much more from it. Su Ping stared at the tribulation while feeling slightly regretful. He didn’t stop his pet, though; after all, that was the right moment. Postponing the event would probably make it impossible for the young creature to get such a great status.

A dull and strange thunder echoed, making everybody feel that their hearts would stop; a great pressure from the exterior was seeping in through the crack.

Kayafollet was compelled to open her eyes. The crack caused by the tribulation was narrow, but she was able to expand her senses through the spatial fissure. She instantly saw that boundless clouds were covering the sky above the ancient corpse and spreading beyond, seemingly covering the inner city of the Mayhem Star Zone too. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

“A Red Tribulation!”

Kayafollet’s face reflected a slight change when she saw the vague red lightning in the clouds.

That was the terrifying tribulation recounted in ancient tales. It was said that only a few geniuses were able to invoke such a phenomenon. Any genius capable of such a feat would eventually dominate the era they lived in.

Apart from Red Tribulations, normal Ascendants usually went through Purple Tribulations.

Invoking a Golden Tribulation was decent for most geniuses.

Furthermore, there were also the legendary Black Tribulations!

It was said that the world would fall apart and countless disasters would take place when a Black Tribulation occurred. It was also a sign that a terrifying genius with power to overturn an era would appear.

Is it because it’s a chaos creature? Even I was only able to invoke a Golden Tribulation… Her jealousy made her grit her teeth a bit. To think that the tribulation of a mere pet would be more powerful than the one she once invoked. Wouldn’t that mean that she wasn’t as talented as Su Ping’s pet?

I will kill him and grab his pet after the ritual is done. Even if it rises to the Ascendant State, it can’t compete against a Celestial, no matter how strong…

Kayafollet focused her attention and soon soothed herself, digesting the legacy at full speed.

On the other side—Su Ping was also a bit surprised to see the Red Tribulation invoked by his pet. However, he saw it as understandable upon remembering its bloodline and potential.

He had yet to purposefully train the young pet, but it was a top chaos creature anyway, born with one of the best bloodlines. Adding the seven small worlds he had guided his pet to develop, the young Chaos Beast was much stronger than the Purple Python, the Dark Dragon Hound and his other pets.

It was thus admissible that bloodline and birth did play a part in their fate.

Some people were born near the finish line, while others wouldn’t reach it even after a lifetime of hard work.

The tribulation started, and the world beyond the fissure was filled by a dazzling red light. The entire ancient corpse was covered by a reddish hue.

The young Chaos Beast stopped absorbing. It then looked up at the tribulation and sensed some sort of will that wanted to subdue the pet. It was indeed a test.

The creature let out a roar, anger triggered by the pride in its blood. It raised its head high, and destroyed the first lightning strike with its claw.

The second and the third lightning strikes came one after the other soon after.

Su Ping didn’t let his other pets partake in the tribulation, as they were in the outside world. Resurrection wasn’t possible. The laws of time and space were shattered because of the Heavenly Tribulation. Even the Celestials and the stronger ones were powerless and unable to bring them back to life.

Even an Ocean State cultivator would have been obliterated after failing a Heavenly Tribulation!

Therefore, it wasn’t difficult to infer how powerful the system was, to resurrect them time and again while traversing cultivation sites!

Even Su Ping felt a bit intimidated by the constant lightning bolts. The Red Tribulation was dozens of times more powerful than what Greeny had gone through.

It should be able to withstand the attacks… Su Ping looked at the young Chaos Beast and was relieved to see that it wasn’t using the power of its small worlds.

He watched in silence, ready to take action if danger arose.

Concurrently-in the void outside the ancient corpse—Song Yuan and the others were stunned. None dared to move.

Next to them was the universe crack. There was a power beyond laws and Dao Patterns that kept draining and suppressing them. None of them could teleport and would have to travel by flying. But still-halfway through their flight—they were shocked by the unexpected tribulation.

The red light coming from the clouds was especially influential and made them stop immediately.

They were also covered in the middle of the clouds at the moment. They would probably be mistaken as a supporter of the one undergoing the tribulation, especially if they recklessly release their energy and the lightning bolts strike them too…

“A Red Tribulation…”

Everybody looked up at the clouds in shock. Who caused a Heavenly Tribulation?

Judging by the aura emitted by the clouds, it was evidently an Ascendant tribulation!

Someone would rise to the Ascendant State right then and there!

“Is it our junior brother?”

Song Yuan, Ji Xueqing and the others looked at each other in bewilderment. All of them were enduring complex emotions.

Right when everybody was struggling for the legacy, Su Ping choses the rise to the Ascendant State.

Considering the latter’s terrifying combat ability, his small worlds would reach the Ascendant State too after the breakthrough No one knew how strong he would become, but there would certainly be much fewer people able to challenge him in the future!

“Damn it!”

Hai Mei wore an awful expression. That Ascendant tribulation made her think of Su Ping; she had already learned of his feats from different retellings. She would probably not be a match for him if he reached the Ascendant State. After all, he was an unprecedented monster who could fight a Heavenly Lord while still being a Star Lord!

The clouds of the Heavenly Tribulation became violent while everyone waited. The young Chaos Beast, covered by clouds, changed quickly and released an ancient and transcendent power. It was like a blooming flower releasing the mysterious power it contained.