Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1264 Universe of Chaos (1)

To Su Ping’s surprise, the World of Heavenly Tribulations worked. The world-destroying Heavenly Tribulation gradually died down and lost its violent nature when it was transferred to the World of Heavenly Tribulations. It then melded with the components of that world.

The power inside the World of Heavenly Tribulations was connected to Su Ping’s body. The enhancement of his small world made him feel that his depleted power-after detonating his other small worlds-was replenished.

They have the same origin. The World of Heavenly Tribulations can absorb the world-destroying Heavenly Tribulation as nourishment...

Su Ping felt overjoyed. He thought he was trapped in a desperate situation, not expecting that such an ominous tribulation would become an opportunity.

Su Ping was then inspired by the continuous rain of black bolts of lightning around him.

He was unable to leave the area, given by the tribulation’s suppressive force. Mo Ri and Ye Chen had also been knocked down. They would have to dispel the tribulation first if they wanted to attack him.

As a result, the tribulation itself became his protection.

“If it goes on like this, maybe I can try... carving my own path!”

/

Su Ping’s eyes became increasingly brighter. Having a path of his own would grant him an even greater strength. It would be even more rewarding than the world-destroying Heavenly Tribulation’s gift.

Su Ping didn’t have another choice. Not thinking twice, he detonated the Small Deity World behind his back!

The road to the Ascendant State that Su Ping had thought of didn’t require nature’s approval. He only needed to construct his own Ascendant State world with his immense power! The previous eight small worlds were his obstacles to reach the Ascendant realm. His plan was to break the eight small worlds and condense a ninth small world with their power!

The new small world would be a combination of the first eight small worlds. It would be a real and complete small world!

As for structure and condensing, Su Ping chose to complete it with the ninth Astral Painting on the Chaos Star Chart, which could accommodate all stars and create a universe!

It was the only route to the Ascendant State that Su Ping could think of. It was also a unique route that nobody had ever tried!

Boom-!

A violent power surged out of Su Ping’s body as the Small Deity World fell apart, and the world-destroying Heavenly Tribulation became even fiercer. Su Ping could no longer sense the outside world. He then directed the tribulation to his seventh world while defending his body.

At the same time he activated the chaos stars inside his body and slowly gathered them into the ninth Astral Painting, which was a universe of chaos!

Once the universe was founded, he would then be able to send his small world inside. It would be like giving soul to a life; he would establish a world that truly belonged to him!

The lightning bolts struck down, and Su Ping stood right at the center like a rock.

The attacks cleansed his body; his cells and flesh became even more condensed. They were destroyed and repaired. His astral vortices were condensed even more, unleashing a greater power. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Su Ping didn’t know if he was doing the right thing; it was the only way he could think of. Nobody had ever tried that road in the past, so he could only try his luck.

The tribulation continued; the lightning bolts transferred into the World of Heavenly Tribulations eventually turned into power and helped him resist the tribulation itself while he constructed the universe of chaos.

The chaos stars were arranged; their force fields started to become interwoven and a galaxy was created. Then, the second galaxy, the third... Nine galaxies were established; they were deeply interconnected, forming an independent circle!

That circle encompassed galaxies, star zones and individual stars. Power was functioning in order. It gradually got out of Su Ping’s control; it seemed to have turned into an independent machine.

The preliminary form of the universe of chaos made Su Ping feel that his body was condensed. There seemed to be a stabilizer inside his chest that held him still in the world. The bolts of lightning coming down and the laws of the world could no longer shake him!

He was standing in his own universe.

Is this what the real world feels like...

Su Ping felt the changes taking place all over his body. The whole process was impossible to describe; he had never experienced that when he constructed his small worlds. He now felt as if he were truly holding the entire world.

The interferences from the outside world were minimized. Su Ping felt that he had somehow become immune to some Ascendants’ law attacks!

The reasoning was that such attacks couldn’t reach him. The universe of chaos inside his body created a force field that kept a constant buffer resisting the outside world.

Su Ping couldn’t help but think of the ancient people’s expressions about how a practitioner could only seek true strength from within!

So, I don’t need the Heavens’ approval to create a real world that solely belongs to me...

Su Ping further confirmed that he had chosen the right path, and that it was worth trying, even though no one had done it before. He focused his attention and transferred the laws from the detonated small worlds into the universe of chaos.

The laws in the first small world were the star-based laws.

Those were used by Star Lords to establish their small worlds.

The second small world contained the laws of illusion.

They came from the Illusory World, where countless secrets were buried.

The third small world contained the laws of origin.

The Source World they constructed was the world where Su Ping nurtured all laws.