Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1269 Am I… Qualified? (2)

The Little Skeleton’s last words were still echoing in his ears.

“Am I qualified… as your pet?”

“Ah!!!!”

Su Ping couldn’t help but look at the sky and roar. The grief and pain almost drove him crazy.

Qualified. Of course you’re qualified. I’m the one who’s unqualified!!

Bloody tears rolled out of Su Ping’s eyes and covered his chest; never had he lost his self control as badly. He screamed and waved his hands as he reversed time and space.

He returned to a minute prior.

However, the broken bones were nowhere to be seen.

Continue reversing!

Ten minutes! Thirty minutes!

Time and space around Su Ping was being constantly reversed. All the substances around him changed quickly, but there were still no bones on him. There was no sign of the Little Skeleton, either.

Su Ping crazily reversed time and space and tried to find his pet.

Bang!

All of a sudden-something smashed Su Ping and disrupted the time and space flow, taking him back to the original timeline. Su Ping fell and crashed into the City of Sins, producing a deep pit.

“Huh?”

Ye Chen stared at the newly formed chasm and slightly changed his expression. His attack had indeed landed, but there was something off about it.

Bang!

There was a sudden explosion in the deep pit and a person soared straight to the sky.

“Go to hell!!!”

Seemingly deranged, Su Ping reached Ye Chen in the blink of an eye. Time and space were disordered before his eyes. Bam. Su Ping threw a punch.

Ye Chen was astounded; Su Ping’s movement was beyond what he could anticipate; it was too fast. He quickly raised a hand and manifested Dao Glyphs, but then an explosion burst out and his hand was cut off. His shocked face also fell apart.

Blood splashed and Ye Chen’s head blew up.

Mo Ri—who was just about to attack-was instantly shocked by what he saw. He stared at the figure in the void.

Su Ping looked like a crazy devil with bloodshot eyes. His fists suddenly moved and seemed as if there were millions of them the moment he made Ye Chen’s head blow up.

Each fist was extremely powerful. The ninth space was revealed all over by their effect!

Ye Chen’s figure exploded in the midst of countless fists. Some of his flesh tried to reassemble, but quickly fell apart. Everybody was stunned by the scene. The previously formidable Celestial had been reduced to smithereens by Su Ping in the blink of an eye?

Mo Ri also realized what was going on. “Stop!”

He shouted in shock and fury, then summoned his dark universe as he charged at Su Ping. He could sense that the latter’s combat ability was extraordinary at the moment, so he couldn’t hold back. “F*ck off!!” roared Su Ping as he turned around to stare at the enemy. His bloodshot eyes gave Mo Ri a chill.

The next moment-Su Ping suddenly sent a slap to the incoming universe.

There was a boom; space shook and the enormous universe was forced to stop, and its surface seemed to be cracking.

Mo Ri trembled and spouted a mouthful of blood. He looked at Su Ping with utmost shock and fright.

“Is this your universe? You’re so weak! Too weak!” Su Ping roared, but he wasn’t speaking in a mocking tone. Bloody tears came down from his eyes instead.

Their Celestial realm was too weak, and still the Little Skeleton died because of them.

Mo Ri’s heart was disturbed. He was stunned by Su Ping’s words, and scared of the power packed in the last attack.

How can he possibly have such power after barely rising to the Ascendant State? Mo Ri found it hard to believe. What kind of monster is this?

“I won’t let you die!”

Su Ping stopped and looked at pieces of torn flesh in front of him. He suddenly raised a hand to absorb and compress them into a meatball.

The compressed flesh wriggled and a face appeared on the surface; it was Ye Chen’s.

It was the look of his original self, not the face of Lin Xiu, whom he had possessed.

“You…”

Ye Chen looked at Su Ping in fear. He was actually incapable of resisting? He couldn’t even release his small universe before Su Ping blew his body up?

The small universe was hidden inside his body. Su Ping had to withstand the small universe’s counterforce to hurt Ye Chen’s body. However, Su Ping endured the effect and managed to wound the man heavily. Such a result implied that Su Ping was capable of destroying his small universe, even if he launched it!

“Too weak! You’re too weak…” A scary light flashed in Su Ping’s bloodshot eyes. “I will have you experience true pain. You will see death as a privilege!”

He clenched the meatball and transferred it to his universe of chaos.

That’s right. The universe had already taken shape inside his body; its indescribable power allowed Su Ping to be on par with Celestial experts. He was even comparable to the top Celestials.

The power of his universe of chaos was far beyond Su Ping’s imagination. It was much greater than the small universes owned by Ye Chen and the others.

Su Ping turned around and looked at Mo Ri ferociously.

Mo Ri’s face was cold; he could tell that Su Ping’s status was terrifying. His first thought was to retreat since Ye Chen was suppressed in the blink of an eye. It was humiliating to be scared off by a guy who had just risen to the Ascendant State, but his life was much more important than his face. All those who had laughed at him during his embarrassing moments had all died of old age.

Whoosh!

Mo Ri turned around and fled

But the next moment, Su Ping flashed and suddenly appeared in the void right in front of his eyes. He had directly torn a path to the ninth space and then broken out, reaching the maximum speed achievable in the universe.

All Celestials could tear into the ninth space. Their ability to tear space open made the difference in speed.

Mo Ri’s speed was undoubtedly far lower than Su Ping’s; he had no chance to escape. He couldn’t even travel across the barriers of the universe, which required time to open, or using great arrays set up in advance.

Boom. Su Ping stomped on Mo Ri’s chest as soon as he rushed out of the void.

The sound of bones and flesh exploding was spread out. A fraction of the universe of chaos’ power was condensed on Su Ping’s foot.

That small amount of power was already enough to crush Mo Ri’s body and kick him away like a bag.

Su Ping caught up to Mo Ri in the blink of an eye. He grabbed the man’s arm and placed a hand on the man’s nape to brutally break his neck! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The bloody and brutal scene left all the onlookers in a daze. They couldn’t even breathe, nor think.

Su Ping, who had previously been in the most dire situation, was now able to unleash a terrifying combat ability. The two Celestials had been suppressed easily, just like random chickens!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Su Ping waved his fist consecutively, and Mo Ri instantly exploded.

His armor was activated, but it was then blown up by Su Ping’s first punch, completely incapable of enduring for even a moment.

Su Ping was like a devil reborn. He displayed an invincible power as he beat Mo Ri into a pulp.

“You won’t get to die easily, either!” Su Ping snatched the torn flesh floating in the void, then gazed at the face on the surface of that bundle of flesh with crazy and cold eyes.

“Please spare me. I’m willing to offer you ultimate treasures. I can even tell you about the relics of another universe dominator. It’s absolutely true…”

The very first thing that Mo Ri did was beg, completely unbecoming of his Celestial status. It was obvious that Su Ping had completely destroyed his pride and confidence. A Celestial who had lived for hundreds of thousands of years was now assailed by a strong sense of death.

Mo Ri’s deepest fear was not death itself, but his fate now that fell into Su Ping’s hands. He wouldn’t even have a chance to die,even if he wanted to.

“Did you consider sparing my life earlier on?” Killing intent was almost overflowing in Su Ping’s eyes. He exerted his strength and squeezed the meatball, but soon gathered the pieces once again.