Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1272 Beyond the Crack (1)

Bang!

All the fist marks were disseminated like petals, but they were instantly cleared, shattering like butterflies. The sword glittered as lightning, cutting the deep space apart.

Kayafollet saw her arm flying out and rolling in deep space. Her eyes widened; she was still unable to fathom why she couldn’t resist a single strike from Su Ping!

“Is this the legacy you’ve acquired?”

Su Ping dashed close like an eagle, then threw a punch to shatter the tortoise spirit infused on Kayafollet’s armor, which was instantly cracked.

He reached out and clutched Kayafollet’s slender neck.

Kayafollet was pale faced after that question. She had received a universe dominator’s legacy and entered the Celestial State; alas, she was quickly defeated by Su Ping nonetheless.

Even if the legacy’s bestowal was recent and required longer to fully consolidate, things shouldn’t have happened that way.

2

“The magic store is truly beyond the universe dominator realm. How could you ever accomplish so much without it?” Kayafollet gritted her teeth, reluctant to give in.

“Your weakness limits your imagination,” Su Ping said coldly, “Not just the universe dominator. Even the existences above universe dominators are nothing. It’s true that my achievements would have been impossible without the magic store, but so what? Why didn’t the magic store choose you as master? What would you be if you weren’t a Saint Heir from the Planet of Origin?”

“You!”

Kayafollet was lost for words. She then replied with an awful expression, “Even if I weren’t the Saint Heir, I would have still risen in prominence. I would have stood out in the Universe Geniuses’ Contest and caught a Celestial’s attention. After that, I would certainly grow to become a top Heavenly Lord!”

“Your confidence is hilarious!”

Su Ping looked down at her and continued, “You probably wouldn’t have grown up if you weren’t the Saint Heir. You’re completely oblivious to the fate of ordinary people; most of them can’t even keep their bellies full, let alone cultivate. Even if you’re talented, so what? Who would ever notice your talent if your chances to cultivate were nonexistent?”

“I am now in the Celestial State; why can’t I be confident?”

Kayafollet was relentlessly unconvinced. “Even if I were born in a poor family, I would have made money with my own efforts and found cultivation resources. You have no idea about the things I went through to cultivate. Your effort to compare me with the plights of the idiotic common folk is hilarious. Their suffering is only physical, but the torture I’ve been through is unimaginable for them!”

“Delusional!”

Su Ping could only spare her that answer. She was clearly unaware of her privileges, ones that others never had.

W

va

les

Why couldn’t food just grow out of plates? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Still grabbing her by the neck, he moved from the deepest space to the universe outside.

It was impossible for Kayafollet to break free. She sensed a terrifying power in Su Ping’s hand, which even suppressed the small universe inside her.

He would probably kill her instantly the moment she tried to escape.

Killing a Celestial was usually a difficult endeavor, but now there seemed to be an exception.

“Hand over your legacy and I’ll give you a painless death!” said Su Ping coldly while still keeping her in a vise grip.

Kayafollet saw the killing intent in Su Ping’s eyes. She was well aware that he wouldn’t let any of them go easily, not after she and her master killed Shen Huang. Her master had been fed to a pet and was very likely dead already.

She didn’t think that Su Ping would spare her easily anyway. “You want the legacy? Keep dreaming!” she said coldly, “Even if I do give it to you, you won’t be able to assimilate it. This is why I say you’re petty; you’ve been raised by the magic store and become this strong, and yet you’re still greedy about the legacy of a universe dominator. If I were you, I wouldn’t even bother to look at the legacy, even if it were thrown to my feet!”

“I’m asking for the legacy because I don’t want that power to disappear along with trash like yourself. Your pride means nothing to

me.”

Su Ping said coldly, “I’ll give you one last chance. Will you give it to me or not?”

“In your dreams!”

Kayafollet sneered. She also realized that Su Ping was probably not asking for his sake, but for one of his pets as he claimed before. If the legacy was transferred to another top Heavenly Lord, they could probably reach the Celestial State and even become a universe dominator.

“If I seal your power and throw you where the criminals live, what do you think will happen?” Su Ping looked at her with freezing cold eyes.

She changed her expression as she replied with shock and fury, “Don’t you dare!”

Su Ping slapped her in the face. He looked at her messy hair and said, “In my eyes, you’re just a talking chunk of meat, a chunk that will finally shut up real soon. I have 100,000 methods to make you wish you were dead; you will have a chance to experience ‘the suffering of the common folk’!”.

Kayafollet was slapped into a daze.

That was the first slap she had ever received in her entire life. Her head was ringing, both because of Su Ping’s forceful hand and because of shock.

She was sobered up by Su Ping’s words and felt cold, sensing that the young man wasn’t just threatening her. He was too strong to be scared of anything in the universe.

It wasn’t hard to imagine how crazy and twisted a fearless person could be!

Kayafollet bit her lips and asked, “What exactly do you want?”