Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1275 The War Emperor! (2)

What did that mean?

He was almost invincible in the Celestial State!

His small universe is much more brilliant and unbelievable than any in existence. To make things worse, it’s exclusively made with the primitive power of chaos…

Kayafollet was extremely shocked. She had also realized why Su Ping had been able to kill her master with such ease.

“Is that…?”

Following Su Ping’s request, she looked at the ancient corpse and instantly noticed how it was fighting the creature on the other side of the spatial crack.

Her eyes widened in shock.

“No way!”

“No way what?” demanded Su Ping.

“He’s already dead, as dead as one can be. There’s no way he could resurrect!” Kayafollet couldn’t believe her eyes. The memories assimilated from the legacy told her that the man had already been completely destroyed in that earth-shattering war. He used the last moment of his life to store a legacy inside his body.

The legacy had been acquired by her; there was no power left in his body. It was no longer possible for him to act.

“Why are you so sure that he’s dead?” Su Ping frowned.

“He was born a genius of his tribe. He defeated experts of many other tribes during his rise, slaughtering countless ferocious beasts while making a name for himself.”

Kayafollet mumbled on, “He fought countless battles and was known as the unquestionable War Emperor. However, a cataclysm befell his kingdom; the earth fell apart and the sky was deprived of a sun. He was attacked by many who were as strong as him during the war.

“He fought until he ran out of strength; even his soul was consumed. Only his immortal body was left behind.

“He’s dead; absolutely dead. Based on his memories, he knew he was doomed. Also, the people who fought him would certainly not let him survive, so there’s no way he could resurrect!”

Su Ping was dazed for a moment, but he soon calmed down. Whoever reached the God Emperor level would surely live an unimaginably splendid life. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He asked, “What’s his name?”

Kayafollet seemed to be astounded by his questioning. Her eyes widened, stunned for a few seconds; she finally looked at Su Ping and said, “He didn’t leave a name. He actually covered his name in his memories; the faces of his wife and children are blurry too. However, I know that people called him War Emperor!”

“Just a title…”

Su Ping looked at the ancient corpse. The noises in the world became louder; Su Ping saw all sorts of folds in the void that managed to reach the place where he was.

The nearby void had been disordered; it was easy for them to be caught in deeper spaces. It wasn’t advisable for Ascendants to stay for long, either.

The ancient corpse was fighting fiercely against the creature beyond the crack, but their fighting style was overly primitive. The corpse merely slugged punches, while the unknown creature waved its claws to defend and counterattack, inflicting wounds on the ancient corpse.

He didn’t leave a name because he didn’t want others to find out who he was? He was also an expert who died in a cataclysm, at the hands of many people who were as strong as him. There’s indeed no way that he could have survived…

Su Ping looked at the ancient corpse; its rigid moves suddenly gave him an idea.

Is it possible that the ancient corpse didn’t come back to life, and is only acting instinctively?

The mere thought shocked him.

If that was the case, then the corpse’s instinct was indeed terrifying.

His soul had disappeared countless years in the past, but his body retained his battle instincts!

Furthermore, was the creature on the other side of the crack similar to the enemies from the ancient corpse’s past? Was that the reason why it reacted?

That could be the only explanation, because there was no movement when explorers roamed and sabotaged inside his corpse. Celestials fought and didn’t make the corpse react, either.

Boom!

Waves were spreading in the world. All the buildings in the City of Sins collapsed; many of the residents were killed, obliterated on the spot. Some who had reached the Ascendant State were fleeing in panic, covered in heavy wounds.

The Ascendants still exploring the corpse’s interior were killed when the body threw the first punch.

Whoosh!

Chi Huo finally returned, shock all over his face; he had naturally seen the battle between the ancient corpse and the unknown creature. However, the creature had been blocked by the ancient corpse, so he couldn’t see the full picture.

“The battle between universe dominators is truly terrifying!” Chi Huo was truly frightened. He said to Su Ping, “Brother Su, let’s go!”

Su Ping nodded.

Having mastered his universe of chaos gave him a deeper understanding of the outer universe. He had already broken the universal barrier while talking, as it wasn’t difficult for him; all he needed to do was to fold nine deep spaces and pierce through them.

This entailed penetrating the entire universe in one go.

It was an arduous task for normal Celestials, but Su Ping could do this in three seconds when using the power of his chaos universe.

“Let’s go.”

Su Ping turned around and entered the channel created in the wall of the universe.

He turned around and gave a last look at the ancient corpse, feeling conflicted by what he

saw.

“What kind of stubbornness prompts him to fight like this”

Whoosh.

Su Ping disappeared after going through the universal wall.

Chi Huo followed up close, destroying the channel and closing the wall right after he entered.

The next moment, Su Ping and Chi Huo appeared in the Celestial Court, which stood in space, glittering as brilliantly as ever. It was truly warm, familiar and reassuring.

“Let me check our master’s clone first.”

Su Ping stayed in space for a moment and then flew to the Celestial Court.

Chi Huo appeared behind Su Ping, releasing his disciples from within his small universe, including the top Ascendant cultivators such as Liu Xia.

“This is… the Celestial Court?”

Liu Xia and the others were slightly stunned as they saw the place; they weren’t relieved until they saw their own master.

Liu Xia was the eldest disciple; she was also acting as leader of all her junior brothers and sisters, so she asked on their behalf.

Chi Huo replied solemnly, “The catastrophe predicted by the sages might be happening in advance. We’re now on the same boat with the Celestial Court; we have to weather this catastrophe together. The entire universe could fall to its doom if we don’t react well.”

“That serious?”

Everybody was shocked.

Chi Huo didn’t answer; he simply waved a hand and kept up with Su Ping.

Everybody noticed the latter by then, and their expressions changed instantly, showing awkwardness. The kid who used to be a mere Star Lord had changed and suppressed Kayafollet, the Saint Heir from the Planet of Origin who had just reached the Celestial State. It was some sort of evolution.

re

However, they felt rather helpless upon remembering Su Ping’s past feats. Were all geniuses expected to break the norm in such a way?

The protective array was still active outside the Celestial Court, but Su Ping carried his identification and could readily use the main entrance.

The array was meant to resist ambushes from Celestial experts of the Heavenly Devil Alliance, such as Ye Chen.

Su Ping thought that he could now break the array, but it was obviously unnecessary. He went through the entrance and was about to look for his master’s clone, when he saw a figure flashing in his direction. The man was extremely handsome; he seemed to be the extravagant son of a rich family.

“You were indeed able to return safely…” the young man said; his voice was as clear as the stars and the moon. With shock and excitement in his eyes, he asked, “How did you manage to return? I remember that the Saint King was still there when I fell…”

He looked at Chi Huo while he spoke.

The latter looked back at the young man suspiciously, soon noticing a nine-tailed fox on his shoulder. His eyes widened as he said, “My goodness, is this your clone?”