Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1281 Time of Turmoil (2)

“Achievements?”

Ye Chen glared at him with bloodshot eyes. “What achievements? I used to be a servant in a divine sect. However, I ended up becoming a great devil that everybody wanted to kill after cultivating your evil arts. Was that what I wanted?”

“Evil arts can be used to save people too. Arts are innocent. Besides, didn’t you enjoy yourself when you slaughtered all those people?” roared the sutra old man.

Ye Chen sneered and said, “Is that so? But the requirement to cultivate your evil arts was human blood and souls; how could I refuse to slaughter them? The cultivation technique you taught me was to prepare me so you could possess me later. Unfortunately for you, I was prepared so I didn’t give you a chance.”

“I sincerely raised you up, and yet you were always vigilant; you’re even slandering me to this day. Have you ever been grateful to me?” The sutra old man gnashed his teeth.

“Ha, you had evil schemes, and you blame me for not being grateful?”

“Once you said that you wouldn’t have become a devil if those people had trusted you. Did you ever trust me?” The old man stared at him.

Ye Chen sneered. “I’ve never trusted anyone; that’s the reason why I’m still alive. You taught me that too. Have you forgotten?”

The old senior’s lips moved, but stayed silent.

“Shut up,” said Su Ping indifferently.

The pressure on Ye Chen’s back increased. He was forced to sprawl on the ground, fighting to escape like a wriggling worm. He glared at Su Ping angrily.

Su Ping snapped his fingers, shooting out two sword auras that darted through his eyes, causing blood to flow out.

Ye Chen screamed furiously. Su Ping snapped his fingers again and cut his tongue.

Both the cauldron woman and the sutra old man changed their expressions as they saw Ye Chen’s plight, then looked back at Su Ping, terrified. Such actions worked as a sharp reminder; that young man wasn’t easy to mess with. He disrupted Ye Chen’s plan and tricked them into entering the store when he was but a Star Lord. How could such a badass be harmless?

“There is no need to sow discord between us; I have my own means to investigate,” said Su Ping indifferently while he looked at the sutra old man.

lore

The latter felt cold sweat rushing down on his back. He found that Su Ping was even more intimidating than Ye Chen, who was writhing on the floor. He quickly said, “Boss, trust me. He’s just paranoid; I’m not as despicable as he tries to describe me.”

“I believe you,” said Su Ping.

The sutra old man was dazed.

“So, let me read you directly,” said Su Ping.

The sutra old man instantly changed his expression. He said hesitantly, “I…”

Su Ping interrupted him, “It won’t be here. Don’t worry.”

Then, he glanced at Ye Chen and suddenly punched down. After a boom, an illusion of the universe of chaos was gathered in his palm. The screaming man on the floor suddenly raised his head; all the screaming seemed to have been all a ruse. He unleashed his own small universe to face Su Ping’s attack.

But the next moment—his small universe exploded.

rse

It was directly pierced by Su Ping’s universe of chaos. His body instantly fell apart too.

“Ahhhhhhh!”

Ye Chen’s pieces of flesh screamed after the small universe was destroyed. Such screams originated from the mental power embedded in the flesh.

Su Ping waved a hand and collected the pieces of flesh, sending them back to his universe of chaos.

“Let’s go. I’ll take you somewhere,” Su Ping said to them.

The expressions of both artifacts changed, but neither of them dared to speak.

Su Ping walked out of the room and asked something to Green Lady. He picked a few pets from the register for the professional training; he then returned to the room and signed temporary contracts with the pets. He picked the Demigod Burial in the end.

Su Ping arrived in the Demigod Burial world soon after.

This time, he carried the sutra old man and the cauldron woman in his universe of chaos. Both of them were considered weapons. He had yet to claim him as his own, but they could still enter cultivation sites.

“This is…”

The two of them looked around, shocked by the mountains, rivers and the strange auras.

They had only stayed briefly in Su Ping’s universe of chaos, and then appeared in such a strange place. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Su Ping ignored them. He summoned the Inferno Dragon, the Dark Dragon Hound and the young Chaos Beast. This time, the Little Skeleton was not among them.

He felt rather frustrated; his heart was cramping. However, he remembered what the system said and knew that sadness wouldn’t solve the problem. Might as well spend the time training pets and upgrading the store; that way he could see the Little Skeleton sooner.

The young Chaos Beast and the others looked around vigilantly after they got out, but then felt relieved after seeing the familiar site. They let out joyful sounds when they saw that Su Ping was safe.

But soon, they noticed that one of them was missing

After hesitating for a moment, the Inferno Dragon asked in a low voice, “Where’ Bony?”

Su Ping was silent for a moment. Then, he slightly shook his head. “He’s gone for now, but we’ll meet him again.”

The Inferno Dragon was stunned, and so were the young Chaos Beast and the Dark Dragon Hound who were all joy moments before. They exchanged grim and angry looks. “I’ve already taken care of the enemy; what we need to do right now is strengthen ourselves, so that we may bring him back to life,” said Su Ping in a low voice.

The Dark Dragon Hound howled at the sky like a wolf, mixing grief and killing intent.

The Inferno Dragon was surrounded in flames. It was silent, with solemnity in its

eyes.

The sutra old man and the cauldron woman guessed something, but stayed quiet after sensing the general mood. They simply stood aside timidly.

“Let’s go.”

Su Ping took a deep breath and held back his grief. He then took the group to a place where the Superior Gods lived.

He was extremely sensitive to the environment thanks to his universe of chaos, and could detect a few powerful auras scattered the Demigod Burial, billions of kilometers away.

The next moment, Su Ping performed Void Walking and led everybody to the temple.

When he used the power of his universe, he would truly walk in the void. The mysterious skill was performed as if it were an inborn ability.

“Huh?”

An exclamation sounded. A beautiful figure appeared in the temple; it was none other than Avril, who thought that Heather had taken Su Ping to that place when she saw her. But, she soon realized that Su Ping was carrying an obviously different aura.

“Have you reached the superior level?” asked Avril in a daze.

Su Ping didn’t comment on that. He said, “No, but you may consider that I have.”

Avril didn’t quite understand what Su Ping meant by that. She was puzzled for a moment.

“Anna is training in seclusion to reach the superior state. I’ve come here because I have a favor to ask. Last time I saw a lot of ores and treasures in your vaults; I was wondering if I could borrow them,” said Su Ping briefly.

“For the superior state?”

Avril was dazed, then wore a conflicted expression as she remembered Joanna’s aura from their last encounter. Joanna becoming a Superior God only needed time to happen.

Three more figures appeared in the void just then. They were Heather, Eborr and Shivalello.

They saw Su Ping, and were surprised that Joanna wasn’t with him.

“Four Deity Kings?”

The sutra old man and the cauldron woman were shocked to see the four powerhouses; such a lineup was rather intimidating. They also felt that the four people were ancient gods, who could be stronger than the Deity Kings they knew, even if they were on the same level.