Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1290 Competition for Dao Child (1)

“Now you’ve seen me; is there anything different?” asked an amused Su Ping.

The maid turned her head and thought carefully. She said, “Both of you have something special.” “As in, we both look especially good?”

“You look good?”

Dazed for a moment, the maid shook her head and said, “It’s a very special feeling; as if you’re naturally melded into the environment. You’re very peaceful.”

“Well…”

Su Ping was suddenly of a mind to show his ferocity, so that the innocent maid wouldn’t think that people could make it into the Chaos Talents Rank without ruthlessly going through life and death.

Whoosh!

Exactly at that moment-Su Ping suddenly raised his head and looked at the void.

A crack appeared, and a white-robed old man walked out; he seemed to be quite amiable. There was astonishment in his eyes when he laid eyes on Su Ping. As expected of the most talented student of the institute in the past 10,000 years. This man was indeed extraordinary. Even he felt a little bit of pressure from Su Ping.

“You’re the human, Su Ping, right?” the old man asked with a smile.

“And you are?” Su Ping noticed the old man’s Celestial realm, and knew he was very likely one of the mentors or someone important.

“He’s the elder of an academy,” explained the maid in a hurry, while also bowing to the old man.

“I didn’t think you could escape safely from the Rain Clan territory. Master asked me to pick you up; he has something for you. Please follow me,” said the white-robed old man courteously. Su Ping narrowed his eyes. A Celestial expert’s master? Could it be the God Emperor of the Heavenly Path State?

irr

OV

He nodded. “All right.”

“It’s the elder…”

The maid was quite shocked after finding out the man’s identity, and that he would fetch Su Ping the moment he returned. Elders were supreme in the institute; it was difficult for students to meet them, except for the talented ones such as her Senior Sister Tan.

Led by the old man, Su Ping tore the void open and flew deep into the institute’s grounds, a zone where students couldn’t enter. There were amazing temples floating in the void, protected by barriers while staying independent from the rest of the world. Although visible to the naked eye, the time flow and energy in those buildings were different.

The old man led Su Ping into a place named Toad Fish Palace.

Many guards were protecting the place. All of them were Ascendants.

In addition, there was a black monument outside the palace, while dozens of Ascendant and Celestial experts were sitting cross-legged in front of it, observing intently.

“That’s the Unifying Heaven Monument; Master obtained it from a behemoth he killed in the past. It contains natural Dao Glyphs,” explained the white-robed old man kindly.

Su Ping was looking from a distance, and still he felt as if about to sink into the black monument. It had a shocking effect; the monument was indeed unusual.

Soon after they reached the front of the palace. The old man bowed and said, “Master, I’ve brought him here.”

“All right, you may leave.” A young and clear voice came from inside. He didn’t sound old or weary in the slightest; rather, he seemed to be full of vigor, like an energetic young man.

“Yes, sir.” The white-robed old man nodded respectfully.

He then nodded at Su Ping with a smile and left.

“Please come in,” said another voice coming from within. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Su Ping simply pushed the door and walked in, then he saw that the building’s inner space was quite special, as it seemed to contain an complex array of multiple spaces superimposed in the same spot.

In front of a palace-it wasn’t a throne but a cushion where a young man was casually cross-legged with an ancient book in hand. His hair was unkempt and some of it was dangling on the sides of his cheeks, making him seem lazy and carefree.

“It’s an honor to meet you, elder.”

Su Ping knew that he was indeed a God Emperor by the aura he sensed.

The young man raised his head and observed Su Ping for a moment. Surprise became gradually more evident on his face. He couldn’t help but ask, “What’s your current level?”

Su Ping replied obediently, “I’m probably a Major God now.”

“You’ve just become a Major God…”

Light burst out of the young man’s eyes, and the space between them disappeared. Su Ping found himself standing right in front of the young looking powerhouse, who sized him up and said, “No wonder they say that you have Ancestral God potential; they’re not wrong. There seems to be a God King’s universe in your body. Is it just a prototype?”

Su Ping shook his head. “I can fight against God Kings.”

Dazed for a moment, the young man burst into laughter. “Well said! You can fight God Kings! As expected of a student of our Heaven Path Institute. You can suppress most of the geniuses listed on the Chaos Talents Rank with nothing but your boldness. No wonder the usually low-key human clan was willing to offend a high-ranked god clan for you. That is why so many gods are willing to make friends with humans now. Smart move.”

Stunned for a moment, Su Ping asked, “Elder, are humans facing a terrible situation right now?”

“Not exactly.”

The young man chuckled. “Even though the Rain Clan is of a high rank, humankind has become a middle-rank race in the world after so many years, and you’re a vassal of a high-ranked clan. They can’t declare war that easily. You did kill their prince, but you did so in the Heaven Path Institute and according to the rules; we can vouch for that. So, they can’t blame your people for it.”