Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1293 Oceanic Universe of Clouds (2)

Everybody appeared somewhere in a space-like environment; they saw that the universe was filled with clouds, which turned out to be made of countless minuscule stars.

“Well…”

Su Ping was quite shocked at the sight. That universe was really similar to the primary universe outside.

It even seemed to be the beginning of the primary universe!

The clouds were like the rings of a star, forming many oceans; however, they seemed too dense in space. Furthermore, the tiny stars constituting the clouds were moving in trajectories and influencing force fields which were different from those outside.

Su Ping closed his eyes and examined this carefully, only to find that—despite the similarities—that cosmos was actually different. If he had to put it in words, there were too many redundancies.

“Although the clouds are strongly cohesive, they’re not interconnected, and they cannot function without an external impetus. It’s unlike the galaxies in the primary universe where planets spin around stars naturally…” Su Ping opened his eyes that were glittering.

However, apart from the shortcomings, he sensed that the guy’s universe was slightly different from his.

That kind of difference was extremely amazing.

There was a vigorous feel to that place.

His own universe of chaos, on the other hand, was absolutely dead.

It was his first time entering a God Emperor’s universe; that was why the experience was quite deep.

Su Ping realized something. My universe of chaos can create and accommodate lives too. I always thought that it was the same as the primary universe except for its smaller size; however, from the looks of it, it’s still vastly different from the real thing. I never realized what the special features of the real universe were, which is why I kept thinking they were the same…

At that moment—someone roared coldly, “What are you doing?”.

Su Ping came back to his senses. It was the golden-armored young man who yelled at him. The clouds in space dispersed just then, revealing a vast battlefield made of a pure white substance.

It was indeed the place where candidates would fight it out.

To Su Ping’s surprise, outside of the battlefield was a misty auditorium already filled by students wearing the Heaven Path Institute uniform. There were also mentors among them.

They discussed enthusiastically while seated in chairs made of clouds.

“Is he getting cold feet?” “Humph. He’s a human being anyway; he’s never gone through this. How can he not get nervous after seeing this many gods?” Some of the other candidates were disdainful.

Even if the elders thought highly of Su Ping, they believed in their own judgment.

“He’s competing to be a Dao Child…”

In the crowd-a gorgeous girl, who was so overly clothed that only her wrists and collarbones were revealed, was gazing at Su

Ping.

If memory didn’t fail her, it was the young man who had left the lecture while she was explaining her master’s class.

Although she didn’t consider it a big deal, the event was recent and the competition was unusual, so she was able to recall fairly quickly.

Now that she thought of it, the guy had probably left not because he couldn’t follow her, but… Because he was too bored?

Tan Xiangyun felt rather angry as she thought of it.

“Guys, please enter the battlefield,” the plump and mature lady said with a smile, “The Dao Child competition is a major event in our institute; it’s already been announced and all disciples are allowed to watch. I hope that you’ll show them a splendid battle so they can learn from it.”

The golden-armored young man nodded again. He coldly snorted at Su Ping and flew into the battlefield.

“All right.” Su Ping nodded and also entered the grounds.

The excitement of the audience grew as they went in.

The mentors merely showed cool smiles, but they were also quite thrilled in their hearts.

weren

lor

Although mentors themselves, the candidates were much more capable than them; they could not compare in terms of combat ability. The candidates’ mentors were mostly elders of the institute. Although the Dao Children would have the privilege to ask for the elders’ advice, the other candidates who were liked by some of them could also seek their help.

“It’s been a long time since the last Dao Child competition. This is actually my first time seeing one; am I allowed to cheer for them?”

“I didn’t think we would be this lucky. Do any of the informed seniors present know who the last two people were?”

“You don’t know them? The one on the right side used to be the prince of the Rain Clan in the past. He rose and entered the Chaos Talents Rank soon after he joined the Heaven Path Institute. Even if you haven’t seen him before, you must have heard of the name Zhan Wushuang, right?”

“Senior Zhan Wushuang? The one who killed seven gods with one swing of his spear?” exclaimed someone.

The surrounding audience was reminded of that fact. Although very few of them knew what he looked like, such a feat was quite famous and remarkable. He killed seven notorious gods with one attack, just after getting his Divine Mark. He was unparalleled!

“What about the other one? Senior Zhan Wushuang has been a Dao Child candidate for a long time. The other person is the challenger, isn’t he?” “He actually has a history with Senior Zhan Wushuang. You must have heard about the hunting order issued by the emperor of the Rain Clan a while back, right? Their target was none other than him. He is Senior Su Ping, a human being!”

Was 110.

“It’s him?”

Everybody was shocked. The hunting order released by a God Emperor was effective in the entire Archean Divinity; whoever was marked was basically doomed, unless they hid under a bigshot’s protection. All of them had heard about the incident between a senior and the Rain Clan. It was a surprise to find that it was Su Ping himself.

Gossip was spreading fast. Basically none of them had seen him before, but they all knew the things he had done, which gave them a sense of familiarity at the moment.

So, both of them were badasses!

“From the look of things, they will probably fight for a long time!”

“A long time? You’re overthinking. Senior Zhan Wushuang has been famous for years. I heard that this Senior Su Ping only survived because the human clan asked for the help of a high-ranked clan’s God Emperor. Our elders also intervened back then; do you think he could have survived on his own?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I heard it too. That’s true; not just him, even a God King would have only lasted a few days with the hunting order on their head.”

Everybody else was also deep in discussions. In terms of combat ability, they didn’t have high hopes for Su Ping. He had indeed killed a prince of the Rain Clan, but the victim had just obtained the title and wasn’t even admitted by the Heaven Path Institute. It wasn’t unusual for someone like him to be killed.

“Humph. Let’s see how arrogant you are, human!”

Standing in midair above the auditoriumTan Xiangyun narrowed her eyes. She overheard all the discussions, and agreed that Su Ping didn’t have a chance of winning. She was even regretting never having the opportunity to teach the guy a lesson!

“Whenever you’re ready,” said the big-headed child with a grimace.

His childish voice echoed in the universe, but nobody dared to underestimate him.

“Well…”

Su Ping couldn’t help but raise his hand.

“What’s the matter?” The big-headed child was surprised; he looked at Su Ping with glittering eyes.

The others were equally stunned. Someone asked, “He’s not going to forfeit, is he?”

“Are there no rules to announce?” Su Ping couldn’t help but ask, not expecting the opening to be that simple. It was too short, compared to the long winded speeches of his teachers back in his schooldays.

“Rules?”

After a brief daze, the big-headed child laughed in amusement. “The rules are simple: just defeat your opponent. Of course, not just this one; you must defeat all the eight candidates in order to win the qualification to challenge a Dao Child.”

“Is any method allowed? What if I kill them by accident?” asked Su Ping.