Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 147 My Secondary Pet

A stinking smell came out from the space.

Accompanied by this damp and cold breath, a hideous snake head slowly stuck out from the inside. The dark black scales on the snake head were palm-sized pieces, closely connected, and smooth like dark jewels.

The dark snake flicked out its tongue; Su Ping could see himself reflected in its pupils.

When this huge snake wiggled out, the cheer was gone. It was as if everyone had lost their voices at the same time. All the students were staring at this massive snake in disbelief.

An Abyss Snake!

A ninth-rank pet of the... demon-type!! This Abyss Snake was quite massive, with a diameter of four to five meters, which indicated that its belly would not change much even if the Abyss Snake were to eat up an elephant! The length of this Abyss Snake was about one hundred meters! It was appalling to see this Abyss Snake wiggling forward on this shattered stage!

There was no doubt that this pet had reached adulthood, having developed almost to the peak of its strength. At the very worst, the Abyss Snake was at the ninth rank. At the peak of its strength, the Abyss Snake would reach the intermediate position of the ninth rank!

Dong Mingsong, Luo Guxue, and Lan He were scared. They didn’t know that Fei Boyan had such a formidable pet. Qi Yuanfeng, the strongest of all the advanced teachers, was perhaps the only one in the entire academy who could defeat this pet!

On the other hand, Su Ping could fly, and he demonstrated abilities exclusive to titled battle pet warriors; maybe he had another ace card as well. If he had a ninth rank pet, he would be able to accept this challenge. “The snake of Fei the Devil!”

Dai Yan and the other students turned pale at the sight of this snake; they couldn’t help but shake. They were terrified of this beast. This snake was the reason why Fei Yanbo was named “Fei the Devil”.

On the stage, Fei Yanbo closed the summoning space after the Abyss Snake came out.

He threw a cold look at the Inferno Dragon and then shifted his attention to Su Ping. “That Purple Shadow Fox is merely my secondary pet. This is my main pet. Are you willing to fight it?”.

Su Ping raised his eyebrows. Fei Yanbo was reluctant to admit defeat.

“What a coincidence! This is my secondary pet as well,” Su Ping answered. Then, he called the Inferno Dragon back.

Fei Yanbo was surprised to see Su Ping taking such actions. He was a bit nervous as he remembered Su Ping could fly. If Su Ping were a titled battle pet warrior, then it was only natural that he would have a ninth rank pet.

That being said, Fei Yanbo was not all that scared. He had thought of all the possibilities the moment he summoned the Abyss Snake. If he went down, he would do so gracefully.

Besides, he didn’t think defeat was a must for him.

Even if Su Ping were a titled battle pet warrior, it was very likely that he had just reached that level. As for the pets he had, the best would be a ninth rank one. As for Su Ping’s own combat abilities, they could be ignored by the Abyss Snake.

Humans were inferior to pets of the same rank.

Plus, the Abyss Snake was amongst the most ferocious of all ninth-rank pets. Most pets of the same rank were unable to defeat it. They were basically its food!

Dong Mingsong, Luo Guxue, and the other students breathed in relief when the Inferno Dragon was called back. It was powerful but it had just reached adulthood. Compared to the Abyss Snake, the Inferno Dragon was weaker.

Of course, they still wanted to see the Inferno Dragon. At the same time, since the Inferno Dragon had been called back, Su Ping was going to use a stronger pet than the Inferno Dragon!

The audience was getting excited; everyone looked forward to what they were going to see next.

Su Ping opened up the pet space again after the Inferno Dragon was recalled.

This time, the swirl wasn’t large; it was merely one-tenth in size compared to when the Inferno Dragon came out!

From the dark swirl reached out a dark skeleton hand.

In the next moment, the Little Skeleton jumped out. This time, it didn’t fall as it landed. Given its current skills, it would be hard for the Little Skeleton to fall into pieces again.

After the Little Skeleton came out, it soon noticed Fei Yanbo and the huge Abyss Snake behind him.

The Little Skeleton darted one glance at them and then turned to Su Ping.

Su Ping squatted down, patted its round and smooth skull, and asked the Little Skeleton to open up its mouth. He reached inside and took out that bead in case it would fall out in the fight later.

That bead had changed from the size of a cobblestone to the size of a peanut. It wouldn’t take long for it to be consumed completely.

Su Ping put the bead away and the Little Skeleton looked up at him, unwilling to be separated from that bead.

Su Ping patted its head, saying that the bead would be returned after the fight.

The Little Skeleton understood the gist from Su Ping’s message and nodded. Then, the Little Skeleton turned around and looked at Fei Yanbo and that huge Abyss Snake with its empty eye sockets.

Nobody made a sound.

Everyone was frozen still when they saw what Su Ping had summoned.

Su Ping was planning to use this skeleton to fight that formidable ninth rank Abyss Snake of the demon family. Really?!

Many people had witnessed how outstanding this skeleton was during his first lecture. However, the skeleton was at the sixth rank at best. It would be defeated by that Purple Shadow Fox within a second, let alone this Abyss Snake.

Su Ping might as well have used that Inferno Dragon!

Some people were wondering if Su Ping decided to admit defeat and wanted to just muddle through.

Dong Mingsong was also dumbstruck. He could never, for the life of him, imagine that Su Ping would use this skeleton to fight a violent opponent. He had heard from Luo Guxue about the terrors of this skeleton which was the one that killed that Magical Corpse Beast at the upper position of the eighth rank.

But... it was because of a conducive environment.

There were enough dead beings for the skeleton to find leverage.

How many corpses and skeletons could it find in this location?

The Little Skeleton couldn’t find that kind of help!

Besides, this Abyss Snake was more powerful than the Magical Corpse Beast. The ninth and eighth ranks were worlds apart!

Even a dragon at the upper position of the eighth rank could be defeated by an average pet of the ninth rank!

Dong Mingsong felt awful. Su Ping had just won when he was going to be defeated. The hope that had just been rekindled was going to vanish. This was a horrifying feeling. Lan He, Ye Hao, and some students that had participated in the match finally understood what was going on. They were puzzled, confused, and enraged.

Su Ping might just as well be admitting defeat! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

“What is your brother...?” At the emergency access, Chen Shuanglin saw Su Ping summoning the skeleton. She was wondering if he was making a joke... a ridiculous one at that!

Using a skeleton to fight the Abyss Snake was worse than smashing an egg against a rock!

Su Lingyue was too at a loss. She knew that Su Ping’s skeleton was unusual. That being said, it was just a skeleton, the lowest being of all pets of the undead family.

He was losing this match on purpose!

Why would he do this?

No one could find the answer.

Fei Yanbo was nervous when he saw Su Ping opening up the pet space. However, Fei Yanbo’s expressions became quite funny when he saw this skeleton tumbling out.

Su Ping was audacious enough to say that the Inferno Dragon was his secondary pet. Fei Yanbo thought Su Ping was going to summon a shocking beast. It turned out, he summoned nothing more than a skeleton.

What was that about?

“I can give you another chance if you summoned the wrong pet,” Fei Yanbo suggested. He wasn’t being kind. It was just that the Abyss Snake could easily defeat this skeleton within one blow. Winning like that was not interesting.

Su Ping glared at him but offered no response. He just told the Little Skeleton to do its best.

The Little Skeleton seemed liberated after receiving Su Ping’s message. The dark mist gradually swam out from its eye sockets and thick, dark masses of energy was emitted from its four limbs.

In an instant, the Little Skeleton was covered up by dark mist; its bones were partly hidden. The Little Skeleton seemed to be the demon god itself!

Fei Yanbo adopted a more serious attitude as he saw this dark mass. This Little Skeleton was uncommon. Even so, the Little Skeleton would not be able to defeat his Abyss Snake.

Having released the dark energy, the Little Skeleton slowly drew its blade. The bone blade that the Little Skeleton inserted in its waist was a fallen tooth from some unknown monster they found inside a mysterious temple in the Chaotic Realm of the Undead.

There were many such unknown monsters in that ancient temple; all of them had lost their lives to the traps in the temple.

This tooth had been picked up by the Little Skeleton as a weapon since it was quite sharp. When the bone blade was drawn, some dark lines that looked like vines and runes at the same time emerged from the inside of the Little Skeleton’s bones. Those lines slowly moved to its arm.

The tooth in the Little Skeleton’s hand began to grow, sharper and longer, and more ferocious!

Around the Little Skeleton, the mass of dark aura surged as if countless demons were dancing and struggling inside!

At that moment, the air above the entire stadium was frozen.

The emotionless eyes of the Abyss Snake coiling behind Fei Yanbo were suddenly contracted. Its wiggling body tightened up instantly. The Abyss Snake raised its head. That was the instinctual reaction of a snake when in danger and the Abyss Snake was no exception.

The Abyss Snake kept its eyes fixed on the Little Skeleton who was only as large as its pupil! And yet, the Abyss Snake felt something unspeakable and soul-shattering coming from this small thing!

The cruel and barbaric Abyss Snake was shocked by this faint presence of terror. The Abyss Snake even desired to withdraw!

The sudden onset of strong feelings took Fei Yanbo by surprise.