Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1471 Consolidation (2)

A long time passed. When Su Ping opened his eyes again, he discovered that the desert around him became golden lava, with a shocking heat of more than a billion degrees. It was even hotter than the center of a nuclear explosion.

“The Dao of Fire…”

Su Ping sensed that his Dao of Fire was fifty percent more powerful than before. Although some of the power from the Dao shards drifted away due to unknown reasons, the rest was absorbed as nourishment for the Fire Dao.

As long as I absorb enough Great Dao pieces, even the Dao of Fire can be used to consolidate the universe…

Su Ping’s eyes glittered. It was just a theory at first, but now he thought it was actually feasible. If that was the new way, he would be able to consolidate many Great Daos and establish true multiple undying universes!

Su Ping rose and looked for more mythical creatures.

Tens of thousands of kilometers away, he found another one with Celestial cultivation, but much stronger; he even thought that many Celestial gods would have a hard time defeating it. As for the Celestials from the Federation, they would probably die instantly.

Same level, different bloodlines. Their combat abilities were completely different.

“However, even though the mythical creatures are so strong, we can bond with them and turn them into our supporters. I have to say, the first battle pet warrior was a true genius…” Su Ping said to himself.

Once he killed the mythical creature, Su Ping repeated the process to absorb its Great Dao.

His Fire Dao became a lot more powerful, but there was still a very long way to go before it could truly consolidate the universe.

I’ve found the right way, but it’s very time-consuming. Fortunately, I have the help of the system’s cultivation sites; otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to hunt many creatures carrying the Great Dao…”

Su Ping realized how much time and the shocking amount of resources this approach would require. He felt rather lucky, as it would be difficult for others to carry it out, even if they knew.

It would have been practically impossible to gather that many shards of the Great Dao without access to lots of cultivation sites.

Whoosh!

Once done with that prey, Su Ping turned around and went elsewhere. Soon, many mythical creatures were hunted by him. The Dark Dragon Hound and his other pets were full.

His pets were also turning into chaos creatures after eating such a large amount of mythical creatures and absorbing their essence.

Time flew by. Four months passed in the blink of an eye.

Su Ping hunted high and low on the Golden Crows’ planet. Fortunately, the planet was boundless, almost the size of half the federal universe; otherwise, there wouldn’t have been enough beasts for the Golden Crows to feed on.

Even Su Ping took ten days to reach the Golden Crows’ holy tree from the other side of the planet.

It is worthy of note that Su Ping’s current strength was enough to cross a solar system within a single breath.

After three months of hunting, the Dark Dragon Hound, the Inferno Dragon and the other pets transformed significantly. Although still in the Dao Heart State, they were much stronger than before, and turned into mythical creatures. They were overflowing with the power of chaos, having become dozens of times stronger than other creatures at their level.

Bang! Su Ping raised a hand and pointed with one of his fingers.

A spark darted out of his finger; like a ray, it penetrated a Dao Heart mythical creature.

Su Ping took a deep breath with glittering eyes as he felt the scorching heat and saw the black crack in the void.

He was at the moment capable of easily piercing a Dao Heart mythical creature with the Dao of Fire alone.

That was a mythical creature. If God Emperors were there, he could kill them all, even if they were standing in line!

Just like before, he threw the beast’s corpse to his pets, and then absorbed the shards of Great Dao he found.

The Dao of Fire stood in the center like a dazzling star in his universe of chaos, surrounded by other Great Daos. However, compared to the Dao of Fire, they were as insignificant as butterflies.

If he hadn’t done it step by step in the past three months, Su Ping wouldn’t have believed that the perfected Dao of Fire could grow to such a powerful level.

This is leading to the highest level. I think that my universe is already influenced by the Dao of Fire. The moment my Fire Dao is able to easily control the universe, maybe I can create an undying universe with only the Dao of Fire… Su Ping’s eyes glittered. He would become an Ancestral God after taking that step.

Still, unlike the other Ancestral Gods, he could continue training other Great Daos once his Fire Dao reached the limit.

The more time Su Ping had, the more Great Dao he would be able to cultivate.

Time was power for him; his only concern was that the Heavens would invade the cyborgs’ universe.

Give me 10,000 years. If I can cultivate 100,000 years in cultivation sites, I will definitely become as strong as an ancestor… Su Ping’s eyes glittered with confidence.

He stopped hunting after absorbing the Great Dao of some mythical creatures.

He had been there for a couple of months, and thought it was time to return and see if everything was all right.

Su Ping had to go out every once in a while. After all, he was seen as the leader of humankind. His master could indeed leave him a message if anything was wrong, but they wouldn’t be able to reach out to him in case of emergencies.

He then chose to return.

When back in the store, Su Ping saw delight in the eyes of Tang Ruyan, Joanna and the others. It was obvious that they had been worried for him.

However, his comings and goings had become beyond customary. They were no longer as concerned when they saw him.

as

Su Ping received updates while releasing the customers’ pets.

From Tang Ruyan, he learned news both important and trivial. Humans and cyborgs were getting along; there was more trade and communication.

The cyborg’s advanced technology was a source of inspiration for humans, while their training techniques were seen as treasures by the cyborgs. A lot of them were there as apprentices.

“I’m glad that nothing important happened.”

Su Ping’s biggest concern was the green glass protection. As for the big news, he only regarded them as fun facts.

After the briefing, Su Ping went back to the cultivation sites with another batch of pets.

This time, he randomly picked another mid-rank cultivation site.

He trained pets and hunted to improve his own cultivation.

Time moved forward. Twenty years passed in the blink of an eye.

Su Ping had cultivated for two hundred years in the cultivation sites.

He hunted an endless number of powerful creatures during that period, beasts and beings of strange species.

Su Ping’s targets were no weaker than the Ascendant State, given that the complete Great Dao was found in Ascendant beings and above. The ones in the Celestial State with their own small universes would have more pieces of the Great Dao, and would drop dozens of times more Dao shards than any Ascendant prey.

The pieces harvested from Dao Heart prey would be even more.

However, those higher beings were very cautious. They couldn’t defeat Su Ping, and would often hide, following their natural awareness for danger.

Fortunately, Su Ping learned the importance of disguise and lured them out with the Lightning Rat.

The rodent had yet to reach the Dao Heart State, even after cultivating for two hundred years. Its battle techniques were brutal, but there was still one final step to take.

Su Ping also discovered that the little one was unable to comprehend a Dao Heart because it hadn’t found its own heart yet.

“It’s time…”

Su Ping examined the scorching power in his universe after absorbing the Great Dao pieces of a Celestial State beast. Even though his consciousness hadn’t entered his universe, he could feel the horrifying aura produced by his body, which felt like a furnace.

The Fire Dao was emitting such immense heat inside his universe that the other Great Daos were barely noticeable. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Su Ping’s entire universe was illuminated. It seemed to be transforming already.

He knew that he was about to hit the bottleneck and truly transform in a couple of years.

He felt hopeful as he went back to the store. As usual, he took out the customers’ pets and picked up a batch. He then asked Tang Ruyan about the current news.