Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1480 Unification and Dao Heart (1)

As the Dao of Fire reached the limit, Su Ping sensed that his entire universe seemed to be changing. It seemed to be collapsing inwardly from the edge.

The center of that phenomenon was the Dao of Fire.

The power of his entire universe was moving toward the Dao of Fire in an uncontrollable manner.

He took a deep breath, letting the process take its course. Everything was happening exactly as planned. He quickly divided his universe into different layers, using the first layer to accommodate the Dao of Fire.

!!

Once the universe was divided, the first universal layer was thinner, and the Dao of Fire was absorbing at a much faster rate.

Very soon, the universe section attached to the Fire Dao turned into a transparent burning membrane. At first glance, it was like a star, and the universe was like the atmosphere.

The Fire Dao kept absorbing, the universe grew closer, until it gradually melted into the Dao of Fire.

The scorching light of the Fire Dao was gradually condensed. There were some sort of drastic changes that caused terrifying energy waves.

Su Ping gazed at the Fire Dao, feeling that his power was being drained in a frenzy; he was almost sucked dry. He had to summon the Dark Dragon Hound and the Inferno Dragon to borrow their power and send it to the Fire Dao.

More and more pets merged with him and lent him their power. In the end, he even summoned the Void Bug and merged with it too. After invoking half of its power, the Fire Dao restlessness subsided, gradually calming down.

In a trance, Su Ping felt that the Dao of Fire seemed to be alive, growing and awakening!

His body was like a womb giving birth to a terrifying baby.

The Great Dao can be trained. The Great Dao is alive… Su Ping’s eyes glittered. He held back his panic and uneasiness and waited patiently. He also caressed it with his energy.

Elsewhere, outside—the Dark Dragon Hound and his other pets were recovering and protecting Su Ping.

He was indeed able to resurrect, but disturbances had to be avoided at all costs while he went through that critical moment.

Time moved on.

Some wandering beasts would occasionally make an appearance, but they fled as the pets scared them off.

Su Ping’s consciousness was completely focused on the changes of his Fire Dao. It was a beautiful and splendid picture; a rarely seen, magnificent painting drawn by the entire universe.

The Dao of Fire was emitting the aura of a universe. Everything was exactly as Su Ping had foreseen. It truly worked!

The membrane of the universe that had been absorbed earlier was already melded with the Fire Dao. It looked like a thin skin covering the Dao’s surface. It was the shape of the universe.

The Fire Dao was evolving miraculously, gradually concealing its power and fusing into the universe. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The Dao of Fire was the universe, and the universe was the Dao of Fire.

The Great Dao stored within was unified; there were no impurities.

Any other Great Dao would be absorbed by the Fire Dao, or pushed out.

In simpler terms, the Dao of Fire had evolved and turned into a universe.

Daos couldn’t be destroyed. The Fire Dao universe would be reestablished instantly, no matter how many times it was shattered. The “shattering” couldn’t even cause any real damage. It was just like punching water, which wouldn’t produce any damage, even though ripples would be produced. The “destruction” appearance was just one of the universes’ many forms.

Su Ping was no longer able to feel the exuberant and scorching aura as the Fire Dao gradually perished in the universe. However, he discovered that the universe was already deep and scary, like a calm abyss, able to unleash ten times more power than before.

The Fire Dao universe had taken shape.

Su Ping’s heart was pounding; he couldn’t suppress his excitement, knowing he had finally found a different way. If he continued on this path, he would go further and become much stronger than anyone!

Su Ping tried to control his new universe, instantly feeling he was wielding an unimaginable power, like a mortal holding a hammer heavy enough to shatter the earth. It would obliterate everything around him if he swung it.

The undying Fire Dao universe…

Su Ping took a deep breath and suddenly detonated the power in his universe; a dazzling light burst out with an explosion. The horrifying blast shocked the Dark Dragon Hound and the Inferno Dragon; they looked at Su Ping and raised their shields.

Su Ping controlled the explosive power and circumvented them, unleashing its force on the surroundings.

The forest was instantly razed to the ground; the soil was also affected.

The attack was akin to a nuclear bomb weighing billions of tons exploding; everything within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers was wiped out. All that remained was a deep crater.

None of the creatures within that range survived. There were Dao Heart beasts further away, shocked by the unexpected power, then trying their best to run. Those that failed to react in time were killed on the spot.

“Condense!”

Su Ping could still feel the Fire Dao power around him. With a thought, the blasted universe was instantly reorganized. It was as scorching as before, as if the explosion never happened.

“Is this… the power of Ancestral Gods?” Su Ping mumbled in shock.

It wasn’t until he truly stepped into the level that he realized how powerful Ancestral Gods were!