Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1552 Slaying the Dragon (2)

"Everyone, please join me as I kill this treacherous dragon!"

Su Ping's roars echoed throughout the prison. "Please lend me your power and break out of this prison with me!!"

His voice was heard in the millions of prison floors. The caged mythical creatures were shocked. Someone dared to make a scene?

The Original Dragons guarding each floor were instantly triggered. They roared as they tried to suppress the prisoners revolting.

But the next moment—countless sword auras darted from all directions, executing the jailers!

Once the guards were quickly dealt with, the shocked prisoners reacted and cheered.

Su Ping's contract will descended.

There was no need to say anything; everything was already said through mental exchanges. Those mythical creatures were shocked; Su Ping's mind was gentle, powerful and vast, like the arms of their mothers, or the vast Ancestral Land of Chaos. They were deeply drawn to it, and couldn't help but trust him.

Infinite power continued to be concentrated. Su Ping's warships released a surging light. The vessels shrank and gathered behind Su Ping's back. Like a captain, he led the three thousand warships and countless lives through the prison floors.

Exactly at that moment—Yuan Long's chilling voice sounded with immense killing intent.

"Fall of the Dragon World!"

He had already foreseen that Su Ping wouldn't be restrained by his Dragon Prison. However, he was still furious to see the human blatantly destroying the place. After the menacing words, the entire Dragon Prison shook and twisted. The whole prison would be remade, killing Su Ping in the process! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

That was his real power!

It was equal to the three thousand undying universes controlled by Su Ping.

Many mythical creatures who didn't agree to bond were instantly crushed under that pressure. Their cries and wails echoed throughout thousands of worlds.

As for the mythical creatures that agreed, Su Ping simply took them to the three thousand warships.

"Die!!" Su Ping roared. The power of all the mythical creatures and the experts of billions of species on the three thousand warships was at his disposal. He could tell he was ten times stronger!

Countless forces were moving toward him like blooming flowers in the collapsed prison.

An infinite amount of Great Daos were shattered. The Dao chains were collapsing.

Su Ping saw holes that resembled a honeycomb in the void. Endless Great Daos were crawling out and attacking him like worms.

The brilliant sword glittered. Infinite Great Daos were intertwined and formed a sword aura, slashing forth.

Boom. The Dragon Prison was broken.

Yuan Long narrowed his eyes in shock. Su Ping's strength at the moment was beyond his imagination. Is it really the power that someone could master without the Chaos Qualification?!

"Go to hell!!"

Su Ping deftly handled the Dragon Prison's attack and charged at Yuan Long with everyone.

The formerly imprisoned mythical creatures found it crazy to see that Su Ping was trying to kill Yuan Long!

A lot of them flinched for a moment, as they were utterly intimidated by the Sorcerer Ancestor. They would rather face death than confront that dragon!

Many of them chose to retreat and disconnect from Su Ping's contract.

Su Ping's bond wasn't compulsory. The other party could disconnect at any moment.

"You can't go!"

Su Ping even had the urge to directly absorb them into his universes and funnel their power as he looked at the cowering creatures and felt his power decline. He would confiscate their power, just like Sorcerer Ancestor Ti Tuo suggested.

However, he soon held back the urge.

He knew the power he could draw would be limited using that method.

The bond established with the billions of species was enough to be on par with Yuan Long. The energy was greater because it had been enhanced by the contract. If the power was forcefully confiscated, it would only be transferred to him without said enhancement. He would never be powerful enough to fight Yuan Long, no matter how much power he confiscated.

"Dao Ancestor, we're also here!"

"We're willing to sacrifice ourselves for the sake of victory!"

More and more experts from billions of species were approaching relentlessly.

Behind them was a boundless ocean of blood.

Without the protection of their clans' experts, the old, the weak and the young were soon obliterated by the Heavenly Dao.

All of them were placing their hopes on Su Ping at the moment.

Su Ping's momentarily declining power was once again thriving as the experts of all species rushed over.

"Those—Those lunatics!"

"What kind of lives are they? They're so weak, and yet so insane!"

Inside the three thousand warships—the formerly imprisoned mythical creatures looked at the scene in shock.

Those people were too crazy.

They could see that those beings' bloodlines only had limited potential, completely beneath their league. And yet, they were bold enough to challenge Yuan Long himself!

That was no different from courting death!

"What is this battlefield? Is it the third war?"

"It's not over yet? Could it be that this isn't the third war, but the fourth?"

Some of the mythical creatures knew the situation in the outside world, even though they had been in the Dragon Prison. They immediately understood where they were as they saw the vast battlefield and the eye-catching Heavenly Dao forces.

While they were looking, Su Ping had already moved, leading the experts of billions of species towards Yuan Long again.

An immense, frenzy killing intent was glittering in Su Ping's eyes; Yuan Long was infuriated and shocked to see it. It wasn't caused by simple hatred; he was truly determined to kill. This human ant actually wants to kill me!

Was killing a Sorcerer Ancestor really something that a normal creature would dare to think about?

While angry, Yuan Long was also shocked because of Su Ping's power. The shock itself was even more humiliating. He was a Sorcerer Ancestor who had already lost against the Heavenly Dao once. Now it was going to lose to an ant?

"Roar!!"

Yuan Long roared, and an indescribable light appeared on top of his head. The light was so powerful that the entire battlefield seemed to have fallen quiet the moment it appeared.

All the Heavenly Dao humanoids on the battlefield paused. They turned around and looked at Yuan Long.

To be more precise, they were looking at the dazzling light.

There was a strange and uncanny light that looked like excitement and greed in the indifferent eyes of those humanoids.

"Go to hell!!" Yuan Long roared and swooped to attack. The light was shattering all the Great Daos with an irresistible pressure, as if containing the power of a thousand grand universes.

Su Ping narrowed his eyes and raised his head. The immense pressure froze all the blood in his body. He was wreathed in the shadow of death.