Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1557 The Yellow Spring Flows in Reverse, Old Friend Returns (1)

Yuan Long had been killed. The Heavenly Dao garrison was destroyed, and Su Ping was going to meet with his allies.

Before setting off, he looked at the billions of species and noticed a lot of vacant spots on the three thousand warships. There had been myriads of beings who had taken those spots and fought by his side.

Those beings had burned their lives and were completely gone after fighting in the previous battle.

He then looked at the billions of kilometers up ahead, only seeing red, green, golden, purple and other colors blossoming everywhere in the vast Ancestral Land of Chaos.

Those were the colors of blood from the billions of species.

Even though their bloodlines were different and their blood color wasn't the same, they had been buried in the same battlefield.

The experts who left their clan members and moved as reinforcements resulted in heavy losses among their clansmen. There was an infinite number of corpses that was no less scary than the darkest Chaotic Realm of the Undead.

Su Ping took a deep breath. He activated the warships and said to the remaining experts, "Everyone, get ready to meet with our allies!"

"Yes, sir!"

The experts on the warships were excited, especially when they saw the Inferno Dragon below. They didn't know why Su Ping's pet had suddenly become so terrifying, but it was a good thing for them anyway.

Inside the warships—many experts simply sat down and took a good rest to heal their wounds. They didn't have any fellow clansmen left and they had nothing to prepare. They only needed to adjust themselves for the next battle!

Su Ping dropped a hint at the Inferno Dragon.

The Inferno Dragon instantly understood. While working with Su Ping's three thousand warships, it instantly attracted all the remnants of the billions of species to Su Ping's universes.

Those people's wounds were quickly healed the moment they boarded the warships.

The heavily wounded and close to dying had even recuperated to their prime status; only their armor remained bloodstained.

Su Ping paid special attention to the human tribe and saw that his parents and Su Lingyue were still alive, which gave him great relief. He knew that they were ready to sacrifice themselves and he was prepared to endure their deaths, he still felt happy to see them alive and well.

However, he noticed that many familiar faces were gone from the human crowd.

For example, Chi Ying, Xu Kong and the other pillars of humanity.

The same went for Qin Duhuang and other members of the Qin family that he knew from the Blue Planet.

Su Ping's eyes glittered in silence. Once everyone was relocated to his three thousand universes, he turned around and asked the Inferno Dragon to fly onward.

The latter leaped across the battlefield at lightning speed. Only the sound of the three thousand warships trailing behind could be heard.

The images at ground level became vague, mottled pieces as they moved forward. Even though the dragon pet wasn't as fast as Yin Que, it had become a Sorcerer Ancestor and could fly at ten times the speed of sound, even in the Ancestral Land of Chaos.

That was a power that could barely be understood with the original concepts of physics. Su Ping sensed that the aura of chaos was increasingly abundant as he pressed deep into the Ancestral Land of Chaos.

What puzzled him was that he saw no signs of the Heavenly Dao on the rest of the journey.

Considering normal defense tactics, a garrison was usually set at certain distances to make sure no one could go in.

Was the Heavenly Dao so confident that nobody could pass the first line of defense? Or were there other reasons?

Very soon, Su Ping was able to sense a few powerful auras gathered further ahead. He narrowed his eyes and focused, instantly making those auras clearer. It was the system, Yin Que and other Sorcerer Ancestors. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"That's… Yuan Long's Chaos Qualification?"

Next to a magnificent river, the Sorcerer Ancestors and the Mother of Chaos were waiting for Su Ping. All of them had arrived, except for him.

They would have thought that Su Ping had already been killed in battle, were it not for the Mother of Chaos saying that he was still alive.

After all, he wasn't a Sorcerer Ancestor; he was just an ant. Even though he was leading billions of species, it was impossible for him to quickly annihilate the Heavenly Dao garrison.

"Mother, is it the Chaos Qualification that you sensed just now? Yuan Long indeed surrendered. He did exactly what Ling Tai did in the past!" The Golden Crow ancestor's eyes were cold. There was a brilliant star on its forehead, which was the Golden Crow home it was protecting.

All of the Golden Crows were nestled inside that dazzling brilliance. They were providing power and receiving protection at the same time.

"He obtained Yuan Long's Chaos Qualification. In other words, he defeated… and killed Yuan Long?" Sorcerer Ancestor Ti Tuo found it hard to believe. Is it really something that Su Ping could do?

"That's right. Yuan Long is dead. Sorcerer Ancestor Yuan Long is no more," said the Mother of Chaos softly. There was regret in her eyes, but it was soon replaced by calmness.

"Was Yuan Long weakened after being suppressed by the Heavenly Dao? How could he kill Yuan Long?" asked Yin Que suspiciously. The latter was also doubting that Su Ping could be capable of slaying their brother. Wouldn't that ant have the power to threaten all Sorcerer Ancestors if that was the case?

None of the previous candidates raised by the Mother of Chaos had been capable of such a feat.

"Yuan Long was indeed weakened, and also overestimated himself. However, his death was still beyond my expectations," said the Mother of Chaos with a smile.

She had basically been aware of the entire battle through the contract she had with Su Ping. She was also present, watching from the side while Su Ping tricked the Chaos Qualification, although she couldn't do anything to help.