Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1558 The Yellow Spring Flows in Reverse, Old Friend Returns (2)

"Beyond your expectations?" Sorcerer Ancestor Shi Mang was dazed for a moment. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Mother of Chaos's candidates had always been under her control. How could they act beyond her expectations?

It had to be noted that all things and every universe functioned under the Mother of Chaos' control. Su Ping—having been subject to her training—should be absolutely under her control. This made his thoughts and whatever happened to him easy to infer… And yet, she claimed that Su Ping was performing beyond her expectations.

The Inferno Dragon had already approached them while they spoke.

"Everyone, sorry I'm late."

While still on top of the dragon's head, Su Ping said to the group, "I hope nothing was delayed because of me."

"Something would have been delayed had you taken longer to get here." Yin Que stared at Su Ping and then at the Inferno Dragon with anger in his eyes. "He's absorbed Yuan Long's Chaos Qualification, so he's the new Sorcerer Ancestor. Why are you standing on a Sorcerer Ancestor's head?"

Su Ping frowned a bit and replied, "I am indeed standing on top of its head, but we are equal. It could do the same to me, if we weren't in such a hurry."

"That's right. I'm willing to serve my master for as long as I live!" said the Inferno Dragon with a stern tone as it glared at Yin Que. Both had equally strong at the moment; so naturally, there was nothing to fear.

"This is…. hilarious!"

Ti Tuo and Yin Que were both furious. That guy acted like a Sorcerer Ancestor without having the pressure that went with it. It was embarrassing for them.

The Mother of Chaos said, "All right, we're not here to talk about this. In any case, Su Ping has brought another Sorcerer Ancestor to us, which has increased our odds of winning by ten percent! You should know why we lost in the past. We will only lose again if we keep bickering!"

Shi Mang nodded. "That's right. Had all twelve Sorcerer Ancestors joined hands sooner, the Heavenly Dao wouldn't have grown as strong, forcing us to move so far away."

"Our target is the Heavenly Dao, in case you've forgotten," said the Golden Crow ancestor coldly.

Ti Tuo was still unhappy, but the matter was dropped.

Yin Que snorted and said, "Let's take action now that he's already here. The Ultimate Heavenly Dao must already know we're here."

"If we summon them back, our odds of success will increase by another five percent. The Void Wall has to be filled up by them!" said Shi Mang.

"Let's begin," said the Mother of Chaos succinctly. She simply raised a hand, which emitted a hazy light of chaos that contained the Original Dao. The magnificent river next to her became real and more brilliant.

Countless stars seemed to be surfacing and glittering in the river.

The Mother of Chaos said to Su Ping, "This is the River of Fate that decides everyone's destiny. It is also known as the Yellow Spring. When people die, they return to this place and wait for a new journey!"

Su Ping realized what was going to happen. He held his breath nervously.

Soon after, the river surged before his eyes, and the infinite brilliance swam and gathered.

The long river flowed backwards. Time was spinning. The Great Dao power that could change the world began to congregate.

In response to the pulling force from the Mother of Chaos, the dazzling light suddenly jumped out of the river and quickly gathered as fuzzy figures.

Fate was reversed. The people who were struggling in the river were fished out.

Many familiar faces appeared before Su Ping's eyes.

"Boss!"

The calling made Su Ping's body tremble.

The person had long golden hair and the most alluring body figure. She was also holding the ancient spear of the Titans. It was none other than Joanna!

She gazed at him with a smile; Su Ping felt as if he was dreaming.

Next to Joanna were other familiar figures, including Heather and the other Superior Gods from the Demigod Burial.

"Human Ancestor!"

On the other hand, another golden circle of light appeared, and the people of the Heaven Path Institute showed up, including the president, Elder Yan Qing, Ancestral God Wen Tian, and others.

There were also many students of the institute, who looked up at Su Ping with respect and excitement.

A slightly chilly voice sounded. "Human Ancestor, it's been a long time!" Su Ping turned, only to discover that it was the Rain Ancestor.

Next to him were the people of the Rain Clan, including their leader and the prince he had killed.

"Human Ancestor, our world was invaded and destroyed by the Heavenly Dao because of our ignorance. Our clan died in the battle. Our glory is no more… I hope we can follow you and make up for what we did!" said the Rain Ancestor with a soft voice. His eyes were sincere; he looked different from the last time he saw him in the cultivation site.

The cultivation site had captured a moment from their past, back when the Rain Clan was arrogant. Conflicts were inevitable and would escalate when they encountered a tough man like Su Ping.

However, whatever happened there wasn't real, so there was no real hatred between them.

The Rain Clan had never encountered Su Ping in real life. They had always been arrogant, until the Heavenly Dao arrived one day and wreaked havoc on their world. All of them died while trying to resist.

The other high-ranked clans also showed up, all of them with solemn expressions. "Human Ancestor, we're willing to go all out to claim back what we had, now that we've returned!"

All the things that happened in the cultivation site had become part of their memories. Nothing had been real, yet they were no strangers to Su Ping.