Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 177 Soul Lantern

The exploration went on.

Su Ping noticed that this dragon scale land was almost identical to the one he remembered. The number of changes was minimal. This land didn’t develop toward a different path just because this was reality and the beasts living here could grow and perish.

The beasts they had met near the treasures had powers similar to what he had expected. The beasts weren’t any stronger than he remembered.

Su Ping wanted to ask the system for the reason. Could it be that the heritage ground listed in the cultivation site was being updated according to reality?

wa

This seemed to be the explanation according to the current situation. Su Ping thought a bit more and rejected this explanation. If there was a synchronized update, then the dragon king’s heritage ground should have been updated every day as well, while in fact, it wasn’t.

Could it be that the soul of the old dragon king is controlling everything? Is it suppressing the strength of the beasts in the dragon king’s heritage ground? Su Ping thought of this other possibility. He squinted. This seemed to be the only idea that could make sense.

Otherwise, after so many years, beast kings would have come into being and the number would have been large. Maybe there could be a creature that came into being that could exceed the control of the dragon scale lands.

While Su Ping was still buried in his thoughts, the team had arrived at the third location.

With Su Ping’s “scouting,” the location of the treasure was soon found. Then, they discussed a plan and forged in.

A moment later, the place was secured. There were very few beasts there. The strongest of all was a beast at the lower position of the ninth rank. The Death Scythe, the Fallen Priest, and the Dark Dragon Hound cooperated and soon killed the beast.

During this fight, the Dark Dragon Hound’s performance was remarkable, astonishing everyone.

The Dark Dragon Hound had fended off a crazed strike from the beast on its own. The Dark Dragon Hound had proven to be as powerful as a ninth-rank beast!

At this moment, Chen was seeing Su Ping as an equal. As a matter of fact, he actually thought Su Ping was better than himself. He began to be polite and even respectful to him.

Su Ping could demonstrate such formidable powers at this age. When Su Ping reached their age, he would be even more horrifying than they were!

Besides, Su Ping could not be viewed as weak considering the strength he had. He had enough abilities to protect himself. As long as he didn’t take the road to ruin, it was very unlikely that Su Ping would perish.

After the path to the third piece of treasure had been cleared, they went forward and soon found the hidden treasure. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

That item was special. It was a yellow lantern that seemed to be aged. There was nothing unique about it.

They picked up the lantern, checked it carefully, and poured in astral powers which would light it up. It would give out an orange glow. Other than that, there was nothing else of note.

They tried the temperature of the flame inside. It was just warm, not burning hot. The flame could not inflict any harm.

This time, Su Ping chose to keep the lantern.

This lantern was the only thing he liked in this dragon scale land. Su Ping didn’t even care about that “Astral Spirit Fruit” that Nie Chengkong was after. Of course, for many people, that fruit could be considered priceless. After all, it could enable anyone below the peak of the ninth rank to move up a position!

If a person at the peak of the eighth rank consumed the fruit, that person would reach the ninth rank directly!

A person at the upper position of the ninth rank could reach the peak of the rank after eating this fruit!

However, this fruit could not be consumed by people at the peak of the ninth rank. It was only effective to those below the peak of the ninth rank.

As far as Su Ping was concerned, this was a stronger version of the Original Force Pellet.

Su Ping believed that his store would also have it once it was upgraded. He might be able to find advanced Original Force Pellets in the shop!

He had already seen middle-level pellets. The day he saw advanced pellets would come soon.

As such, Su Ping did not care for the Astral Spirit Fruit. It would be a waste for him to have one. This fruit was the most suitable for those who were stuck at the peak of the eighth rank.

The common-looking lantern in Su Ping’s hand was a treasure to strengthen the spirit!

In addition to strengthening the spirit, the lantern could protect the owner’s spirit from external attacks. If the enemy used illusions, spirit impalement and other similar skills, the strikes would be fended off by the lantern!

The lantern was lit by astral power. The flames inside could nurture the spirit so it would slowly grow and develop.

At the same time, as long as the flame inside the lantern was still burning, the lantern could protect Su Ping against all spiritual attacks!

The others didn’t understand why Su Ping had picked this strange lantern when he gave up on that sword. They thought it was because Su Ping had found something unique about this lantern. Each of them held the lamp and checked it but found nothing.

“Why are you going with this?” Luo Guxue was puzzled. She could tell that the others were confused and suspicious. She thought she just might as well pose the question directly to Su Ping. Knowing the answer was better than having everyone speculating. Speculation was the worst. There was no telling where people’s minds could wander off to.

Su Ping gave a random answer, “We have only found a broken set of armor and now this lantern. I am just worried that we won’t even find lanterns later on, just some stones.”

This excuse was far fetched and nobody believed him. However, they could tell that Su Ping was unwilling to say more. No matter what secret Su Ping had stumbled across in regards to this lantern, since he had picked it, they could not take it away from him.

Besides, they had checked multiple times and didn’t see anything. If Su Ping knew some hidden secrets, then they would only have themselves to blame for not having a good eye. Nie Chengkong tried to talk Su Ping out of taking this lantern but Su Ping insisted. Nie Chengkong’s attempt was in vain. A kind of gloomy look flashed past Nie Chengkong’s eyes.

The team set off.

They were heading for the fourth location. Same as before, they cleaned the beasts easily and obtained the treasures. This treasure, just as Su Ping said, was a stone. To be exact, it was a pale gold brick. When astral powers were poured into the brick, it would enlarge by several times and its weight would increase to over five hundred kilograms. But that was it. Nothing else was special about it.

None of them was interested in keeping this brick. It wasn’t like they could have smashed this brick on some beasts’ faces.

Since nobody wanted to take the brick, it was put away for the time being. Everyone was speechless since they recalled Su Ping’s prophetic words. He said the next one might be a stone and they did find a stone.

as

Su Ping was surprised when he saw this brick. The brick should have been found in the next location. However, a long time had passed, and the brick had actually ended up at the fourth location.

They didn’t waste time and continued their trip. They explored the fifth, sixth, and seventh locations. They found a dagger that was similar to the sword Old Mo took. The dagger was sharp but the aura coming out from the dagger was dark. It was as if the astral powers poured into the dagger had transformed into undead energy.

Another piece they discovered was an item like a gauzy dress. It was quite dirty after being in the mud for ages, and it had been contaminated with beasts’ feces. The first impression the dress left was that it was shabby. However, after they poured in astral powers, the dress emitted a holy light.

By the looks of it, this was an armor designed for ladies.

Of course it was fine if men wanted to use it. This item could change its shape automatically according to the wearer’s body. The dress could cover up all the body parts that should be protected. The only disadvantage for the men wearing it was that the dress could be tight.

They tested the dress, called the Mist Dress, and noted that it was very strong. The Death Scythe failed to leave a mark on the dress with its sharp claws. Of course, the Death Scythe did not exert its full strength. Then they used the sword and the dagger and tried to cut the dress. Only some slight marks were left on the dress. With more astral powers imbued, even the slight marks disappeared.

Everyone was intrigued by this item. It was Chen’s turn to pick. Su Ping and Old Mo had already chosen. Now Chen enjoyed the priority to choose.

It was just this graceful vintage dress gave him mixed feelings.

He hesitated, struggled... and hoped.

Eventually... His personality won against his desire. He asked Luo Guxue to take the dress and he took the dagger.

Apart from the two that were useful, another piece of treasure had been destroyed by time. They poured astral powers in but there was no reaction from that item. When they went back, they were going to deal with that item as waste material.