Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 201 Undead Goblin

Su Ping kept Tang Ruyan captive. After that, he threw a look at her dying pets.

Those pets were rare, with bloodlines of the ninth rank. They could be sold at a good price; it would be a pity to kill them.

Among all of them, the Fallen Angel was a pet at the ninth rank and could be on par with an average advanced-rank dragon. The Fallen Angel had become outstanding after cultivating. Its aptitude was rated as lower than average.

Apart from the pets trained in his store, it would be rare for him to see any pets with an aptitude that was not poor.

The Fallen Angel could fight pets at a higher position and had reached adulthood, close to reach the prime of its state. On the market, this Fallen Angel could be sold at hundreds of millions. After all, the Fallen Angel’s strength had already reached the intermediate position of the ninth rank.

Su Ping thought about it and decided to throw all the pets into his scroll.

Inside the scroll, Tang Ruyan was surprised to see her pets falling right in front of her. She couldn’t believe that Su Ping would not kill her pets but instead keep them in prison with her. Wasn’t he giving her a chance to run away?

She was gloating in secret. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, the emerging light of hope dimmed down when she had a clear look at her pets. She understood why Su Ping would give them back to her.

Those pets were so severely injured that they could no longer fight. They were of no help to her. Rather, she would have to use her astral powers to heal them. Otherwise, whether those pets could stay alive or not would be uncertain.

“Damn it!”

Tang Ruyan clenched her teeth in fury.

She opened up her contract space and recalled all the pets to recover inside. I am inside a miraculous scroll... and this is an independent space. This scroll should be a rare space treasure. It’s a surprise to see that the space here is huge and even living beings can stay here!

If news about this treasure got out, I think even legendary battle pet warriors would be intrigued...

Tang Ruyan looked around. Soft green grass carpeted the ground. The place was as large as a small village.

The price of this treasure had to be stunning. However, since she was stuck here, she couldn’t get out, not to mention being able to spread information about this article.

I must find a way to get out... Tang Ruyan was unwilling to accept her fate. She wandered around to look for a means of escape.

Tang Ruyan’s problem was over. Su Ping cast his eyes on that fruit tree.

This was also a precious tree. He could grow it in an uncultivated site together with the Astral Spirit Fruit tree.

Su Ping looked around and saw the mundane pile of dirt in front of the fruit tree.

That was a mound.

A solitary tomb.

The dead bodies of powerful beasts were buried here. The corpses had been used to nurture a rich death aura. The aura absorbed the essence from the dead bodies and gradually grew to become an Undead Goblin at the upper position of the ninth rank.

Su Ping had to admit that he admired how courageous the Tang Family was, to recklessly snatch the fruit right under the nose of a creature at the upper position of the ninth rank.

“Dig it up,” Su Ping ordered the Inferno Dragon.

The Inferno Dragon followed his order and raised its huge paw, ready to dig out the tree from the roots. The moment the Inferno Dragon raised its paw, a crack appeared on the ground. From inside floated out a puff of smoke which gradually rose to the air. The puff of smoke grew to the size of a cloud with a diameter of over a dozen meters. This dark cloud hovered around the pile of dirt and the fruit tree.

From the mass of dark smoke, a hideous, violent face gradually came into being.

“Little Skeleton!”

Su Ping gave the command.

Roar!

The Little Skeleton arrived close to the dark smoke that formed the body of the Undead Goblin. Little Skeleton roared and the shadow of that stunning being appeared behind it. The shadow seemed to be bellowing as well. That bellow came from another time and space and it was filled with a sense of majesty that could not be challenged.

Due to the Deadly Roar, the thick mass of dark smoke tumbled around. The hideous face was giving out shrill cries as well. A fit of indiscriminate spirit attacks swept across the place. The Inferno Dragon uttered cries of pain and its eyes turned milky. The Inferno Dragon smashed at the mass of dark smoke.

The smoke dispersed and then converged again.

Little Skeleton was not affected by this. The crimson color in its eye sockets deepened. The Little Skeleton threw itself into the dark smoke and waved its blade to disperse the smoke.

Su Ping didn’t mean to be stuck in a battle against this Undead Goblin. While the Little Skeleton distracted the Undead Goblin, Su Ping cast the “killing intent” buff on the Inferno Dragon. The strong sense of murder surged in the Inferno Dragon’s mind to further stimulate its chaotic brain.

Su Ping disengaged the skill right after it was released.

The killing intent died down in the Inferno Dragon’s mind. It regained consciousness. The Inferno Dragon was in a trance for a moment before it received another order from Su Ping. The Inferno Dragon dug out the tree and then ran away.

Squeak!!

A shrill cry burst out from the pile of dirt. The Undead Goblin was completely enraged.

The Undead Goblin revealed its true appearance. It was a shadow mass of four to five meters in size. The shadow made threatening gestures. It leaped out from the pile of dirt and charged at the Inferno Dragon. The dark aura tumbled around. There seemed to be something roaring amid that mass of darkness.

The Inferno Dragon bellowed. When it did, its mind was concentrated. As such, the Inferno Dragon managed to stay clear from the effect of the evil and shrill cries. The Inferno Dragon threw the fruit tree to Su Ping.

Su Ping flicked his finger. The scroll flew up and then unfolded. The force from within sucked the fruit tree in.

Su Ping took the scroll back and closed it in case Tang Ruyan would take the change to escape. He could throw her back inside again but that would cost him more time. Besides, on the off chance that she would be killed by this Undead Goblin the moment she came out, he would have to find another captive that was familiar with the Tang Family, which would be troublesome. He put away the scroll. He asked Little Skeleton to cover their retreat, then he called the Inferno Dragon back and told the Dark Dragon Hound to lead the way. The Purple Python followed them closely. The gang turned around and ran like hell to make their escape.

The Purple Python slithered across the forest, smashing the huge vegetation to clear out the path.

Su Ping checked the Little Skeleton’s situation on his mind at all times but felt no sense of danger or pressure from their connection. He knew that the Little Skeleton could deal with the Undead Goblin; it would have probably had a chance to get rid of this Undead Goblin if it had a physical body. Unfortunately, the Undead Goblin was just a spirit; it could only be hurt by energy and spirit attacks.

They dashed out of the forest. Su Ping estimated how far apart they were from the Little Skeleton; it had already left the solitary tomb and was moving behind them, albeit slowly. It was surely battling against that Undead Goblin.

“Death Deceit.”

Su Ping ordered the Little Skeleton to use its most proficient skill.

Soon, the Little Skeleton stopped.

Su Ping tried to summon the Little Skeleton back. With the help of the contract, his spirit was connected to the Little Skeleton. In the next second, the Little Skeleton was called back to the contract space.

Su Ping opened up the contract space and the Little Skeleton came out as a pile of bones.