Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 222 Random

“How many energy points?” “That’ll be ten thousand.”

Su Ping was interested. This wasn’t a high price. That being said, since he was in an advanced cultivation site where he could die multiple times, he decided it was better to hang on to the energy points in case he couldn’t be brought back to life upon death. That would be tragic.

“Maybe later,” Su Ping said. He did need to learn it but he wasn’t in dire need to do so for the moment.

The system went silent.

Su Ping shifted his focus back to the battlefield. After the Inferno Dragon unleashed the Inferno Dragonfire, the flames surrounding its body had died down and disappeared. The Inferno Dragon was incredibly weak at the moment.

That had to be a side effect of the new skill.

After all, the Inferno Dragon had merely reached the seventh rank. To unleash a skill that belonged to a beast king was overwhelming for the Inferno Dragon. If it weren’t for the fact that the Inferno Dragon’s constitution was much stronger when compared to its peers, the skill would have cost its life.

Su Ping made the Inferno Dragon kill itself by charging toward the monster.

The monster immediately granted the Inferno Dragon’s wish. Several of its sharp bone spurs pierced the Inferno Dragon through.

Su Ping revived the Inferno Dragon at once and told it to use the Inferno Dragonfire once more.

The Inferno Dragon had just learned the skill and it had to try the skill several times to be familiar with it. Besides, Su Ping was intending to keep the Inferno Dragon in this state where it would reach its extreme and stimulate its potential even further.

The Inferno Dragon is still rated as above average. How come it still can’t have its aptitude rated as high... Su Ping was surprised to see the information of the Inferno Dragon. The Inferno Dragon was at the seventh rank and with the newly learned Inferno Dragonfire, it was able to deter any beasts at the peak of the ninth rank. That was an amazing accomplishment and yet the Inferno Dragon was still considered above average. Going by this logic, it would have to be able to overwhelm beast kings to have a high aptitude rating!

Was that even possible?

Su Ping couldn’t even picture it.

He kept observing for a moment longer. Gradually, he noticed something about the Inferno Dragon. Given its current ability and the amount of energy stored within its body, one release of the Inferno Dragonfire was the best it could do. As soon as the skill was unleashed, the Inferno Dragon would collapse and its abilities would weaken.

This skill was the last resort, so to speak.

But this last resort wasn’t fatal. The fire would stick to the monster and keep burning, eating away the monster’s flesh, but it would take some time for the skill to inflict any practical damage, and the more time passed, the more serious the damage would be.

However, in real-life battles, this kind of damage was less effective than direct damages.

When the Inferno Dragon ran into beasts at the peak of the ninth-rank, even if it could gravely maul them with this Inferno Dragonfire, those beasts would still be able to kill the Inferno Dragon first!

This wasn’t a skill that could finish the enemy once and for all!

Su Ping felt a bit sorry for this fact. On second thought, he could accept it. This skill could not exert any decisive damage but when the Inferno Dragon grew stronger and was able to use the skill at will, this skill would be catastrophic for any contender when unleashed.

No wonder this was a skill with various levels. It implied that it had great potential!

Su Ping was happy. It was a pleasant surprise that the Inferno Dragon could develop so quickly, not long after they arrived in this plane.

He then turned to see the Dark Dragon Hound, the Purple Python and the pink Celestial Pig. All of them would have to work harder.

The three pets felt a chill all of a sudden while they were fighting, as if some evil presence was staring at them.

The fight went on.

The monster bellowed furiously, and smashed the huge skeleton into pieces. Several places of the monster were burning up, as a result of the Inferno Dragonfire. The burning continued. The sand that the monster touched turned into liquid under the high temperature and the liquid seeped into the monster’s wounds, making them hurt even more.

Su Ping gave commands to the pets. They continued this fight in an orderly manner, dashing and dying time after time.

Ten minutes later, the monster screamed in a weird way to force the pets back. Then, it snuck in the sand. It was running away!

Su Ping couldn’t believe that the beast king had chosen to flee!

The pets hurried to the sandpit into which the monster had vanished. The path had been filled with sand and they could no longer go after the monster.

Su Ping blinked. This was a strange feeling... He had repelled a beast king!

He did understand that this was thanks to the system’s revival ability. Otherwise, he would have died for real.

I think that guy is quite intelligent. It was just pissed off by our shameless way of fighting. Su Ping forced a smile. He felt sorry that such a good sparring partner had taken off. He would have to find another “cooperative partner.”

Su Ping hopped onto the Purple Python’s head and left.

The Little Skeleton approached Su Ping as well. Its dark energy had thinned down. Controlling the skeleton of the beast king had taken a toll on the Little Skeleton. At the moment, the Little Skeleton had climbed on top of the Purple Python’s head, lay down, and then let all of its bones scatter around. That was how the Little Skeleton rested.

Su Ping patted its skull and then looked up, gazing into the vast desert.

Not long afterward.

The Dark Dragon Hound that was scouting ahead became the first to encounter the enemy, just like before.

The Dark Dragon Hound had always been proud of its nose but it failed again; it had also been unable to detect the enemy’s ambush in time.

The beast was quite horrific. As soon as the beast came out, not only did it launch an attack against the Dark Dragon Hound but also another to deal with the Inferno Dragon that was dozens of meters behind. Both had been pierced through at the same time and died on the spot! Su Ping was further away and yet he could sense something dangerous was targeting him.

Whoosh!

Su Ping somersaulted in the air to move away from the Purple Python’s head. With a bang, right at the second he jumped up, the Purple Python was torn apart. A huge piece of sharp bone had cut the Purple Python open.

Su Ping was terrified. The Purple Python was two to three hundred meters away from the Dark Dragon Hound. How did the beast reach both targets instantly?

Hovering in the air, Su Ping saw a beast that resembled a huge centipede emerging from the sand. The beast was covered with sharp spurs. It was tearing and eating up the pets.

Su Ping revived them to continue the fight.

But before the pets could unleash any skills, they died, yet again.

Su Ping had no other choice but to bring them back to life, time after time. At the eighth time, all of a sudden, Su Ping felt a piercing pain and there seemed to be a scream traveling at a special frequency which disturbed his mind.

Bang!

Su Ping shook a bit and then fell onto the sand.

The next second, Su Ping’s consciousness came back and revival choices were given to him.

Su Ping was surprised. He remembered what had just happened and after a second of hesitation, he chose to return to life at a random location.

He felt that he would be killed right away if he chose to revive on the spot. He was much weaker than that beast; there would be no chance to train at all.

After he revived, he found himself in complete darkness. It was a cave.

Before he could see, he heard noises made by some arthropod reptiles. Right after, he felt a dull pain and passed out.

The revival options were once again available.

“F*ck...”

Su Ping’s heart was aching.

That was how the 120 energy points went up in smoke.

Previously, the system had provided him with unlimited revival times and he had gotten used to it. But he truly knew how expensive revivals were since he had to spend the energy points for this!

“Please help me, god...” Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Su Ping chose to revive on a random spot after he prayed a bit.

This time, when Su Ping opened his eyes, he had heard how some whispers died down immediately with his arrival.

Su Ping looked around. He was standing in a room with dim light, where several huge people were around him. They were all four to five meters tall with golden hair and a divine feeling

At the moment, they were all staring at Su Ping, shocked and wide-eyed.

“Eh...” Su Ping was dumbstruck.

He could tell that those guys were talking about something, and they had been interrupted by his sudden appearance.