Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 294 The Finals

At the venue. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The venue was still packed with people.

But the contestant’s seating area was less crowded. Only a bit over three thousand had passed to the second round of the challenge, from the more than ten thousand that had passed the initial test.

Of the three thousand, two thousand had made it to the second round by winning the one-on-five contest directly, while the others got in because they won the ensuing one-on-one contests five times.

Same as before, eight stages were set up.

The battles on the eight stages would begin at the same time because the target was to select the outstanding participants as soon as possible. After all, the most exciting games were the ones that would take place at the head venue in the uptown area.

Su Ping sent Su Lingyue to the seating area and then looked around. Having failed to find an empty seat near her, Su Ping went the rows further behind and found a place to sit down.

He didn’t meet Fei Yanbo that day. He looked around and found nothing out of place. Then, he covered his face with a hoodie and began to take a nap.

More and more people arrived and the seats around Su Ping were occupied. All of those people were simply part of the general public who had gone there to see the fun.

Soon, the second round of challenges commenced. This time, it would be three people on the stage at the same time. One would have to defeat the other two to win!

The winner would make it to the next round and the losers would not have another chance. They would have to say goodbye to the Elite League!

Because of this rule, many participants would fight desperately for the chance to pass to the next round.

Still, the names were picked out randomly. Gradually, the eight stages were all occupied.

Su Ping had learned the rules by heart and nothing would pose a threat. He looked at the stages in boredom, waiting for Su Lingyue to finish her turn to head back home. Soon, Su Lingyue’s name came up.

Stage B2.

As the other two participants walked to the stage, a fierce fight was on the verge of breaking out.

The battle ended as soon as it began. Su Lingyue summoned her Moonfrost Dragon since people already knew about it. The dragon’s roar stunned the other two participants still and then the breath of ice froze the entire stage.

One of them had a stronger ability. He reacted fast enough and hopped off the stage.

The other one, however, became an ice sculpture on stage. One gentle touch and he would be broken into pieces.

Su Lingyue didn’t kill him. She told the Moonfrost Dragon to inhale back the ice and unfreeze the person.

This man had complex feelings about this. He wasn’t able to put up a fight and had to acknowledge defeat at once. The battle ended within one minute. Neither of Su Lingyue’s opponents stood a chance to win.

As soon as the battle ended, Su Lingyue called back her Moonfrost Dragon. Even though the battle ended fast, she had caught much attention.

Many people among the audience knew about this strange dragon and of Su Lingyue before they went to the venue, thanks to the overspreading of negative reviews about her.

Still, seeing Su Lingyue like this, those present had fewer doubts about her. A girl who had earned her status by using her body would have never been able to train a violent dragon.

Su Ping was not surprised that the battle had ended within such a short time. He stood up and waited for Su Lingyue to seek him out.

Su Lingyue came out from the participant’s seating area. Regardless of the looks trained on them, Su Ping took her home without wasting any time there. As for the other participants, it was not because of his arrogance, it was just that Su Ping honestly didn’t think watching them was necessary. He had followed some participants who had a high chance of winning the championship on the internet. Those people were not at the Crescent Zone, but the uptown area.

After all, those people would have lost their faces if they were found out and exposed about having competed in the shantytown area, instead of the uptown area where they lived in.

After they went back home, Su Ping told Su Lingyue to go and take lessons with Tang Ruyan. The herbs he ordered online had arrived and he was going to brew them for Su Lingyue to bathe in.

After the past couple of days, Su Lingyue had progressed by leaps and bounds; she absorbed the knowledge like a parched land suddenly receiving water. Su Lingyue had reached the upper position of the fourth rank and was one step away from reaching the fifth rank.

Su Ping knew full well how talented his sister was. It was just that their family was poor and had no resources. If she had grown up in a major family, she would not be weaker than any of the future family heads.

On the fifth day.

Su Ping took Su Lingyue to the venue.

This day was the third round of challenges. A thousand participants had been selected from the previous day’s round, and one hundred would be selected this day; they would go to the main venue. All the zones would produce one hundred winners, except for the Kings Zone and the Fallen Dragon Zone of the uptown area that had 200 quotas. In total, of the 12 branch venues, 1400 participants would be picked out.

ones

To make it to the Top 100 at the branch venue was glorious enough already. The names would be released to the academies and those people would be made examples for other students to learn from.

Those winners would not be carved in the annals of history or something, but it would be enough for them to brag for the rest of their lives.

This day’s matches would be even fiercer than those of the day prior.

As per usual, the names were picked out randomly. The first group was generated and then the participants would challenge each other to win the pass.

When Su Lingyue walked up to the stage, Su Ping paid some extra attention. Soon, he realized that he didn’t have to worry at all. The Moonfrost Dragon came out, roared, and took care of the opponents with a breath of ice.

Two of Su Lingyue’s opponents had pets with advanced bloodlines but it was of no use. The Moonfrost Dragon’s roar had miraculous effects. Those pets trembled in fear and their powers diminished greatly.

Su Ping knew that the Moonfrost Dragon’s roar was strange because Joanna had found a Major God dragon (more powerful than legendary battle pet warriors) to teach the Moonfrost Dragon. This dragon’s roar was just as good as the dragon’s roar that the Inferno Dragon had picked up from the dragon king’s heritage ground. This dragon’s roar was particularly effective to those pets that were not even close to reaching the legendary level.

Passionate audience, lively matches.

When the winner of the Top 100 was determined, everyone chanted and cheered.

Sitting amongst the audience, Su Ping was unaffected by the prevailing excitement. Su Lingyue’s winning was as expected and it just happened in due course. Since it wasn’t a surprise, it would not stir up his emotions.

The matches lasted till the night. The high-power spotlight in the venue shone as brightly as the sun. Even the blades of grass by the stages could be clearly seen.

The Top 100 winners were invited upstage by the hosts one by one. The chief of the Crescent Zone presented them with pins and medals in person!

The one hundred people would represent the Crescent Zone and would fight in the finals. Once someone won the championship, it would be an honor for the entire Crescent Zone. It could help the Crescent Zone’s economy develop fast in the next few years and the municipal government would allocate more resources and benefits to the Crescent Zone.