Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 330 Losing Control? Stunning Show!

Bang!! The golden arrow carried an intimidating force. The sudden discharge caused a shrill noise. Even the air in front of the arrow was twisted!

The arrow was going to reach him the next second. The judge began to scream to himself. What the hell is this!!

He could not even breathe. He was afraid of this arrow!

When he was observing from the sidelines, he had not gotten a direct feeling.

And yet, the arrow was coming towards him. He felt like the arrow would pierce him through!

He had to stop the arrow!!

Boom!

Profound astral power swarmed out of him. At the same time, two swirls appeared right ahead. Before his battle pets had crawled out, he had already given them orders. Many stone walls were built up!

In the meantime, the astral powers had converged and formed many shields. Last but not least, the judge resorted to a secret skill to add another shield layer.

The last shield had just been manifested when the golden arrow made contact!

The arrow had yet to touch the wall on the outside and yet, the wall had cracked. The moment the arrow touched the wall, it turned into dust like paper burnt in a fire. The arrow kept pressing on because nothing could stop it!

The loud explosive noise was enough to wake the dead. The judge started dumbfounded and he was so nervous that his heart almost stopped pounding.

Bang, bang, bang, bang!!

The walls cracked one after another. It was as if the golden arrow had traveled from another world. The violence on the arrow was soul-shattering The judge had never seen anything like this before. The many astral shields were blasted open within a second as if they were merely glass mirrors. The arrow had not reached him but the wind was stirred up, blowing his hat away.

Roar!! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

From one of the swirls came out an angry shout. Then a huge hand reached out, trying to grab the arrow!

Bang!

That scale-covered arm was reduced into pieces of flesh the moment it touched the arrow!

Although the arm had been blasted into pieces, it did manage to slow down the arrow a bit. Thanks to that, the judge had managed to finish building the last shield with his secret

skill!

That was a bell with a golden hue and it shielded the judge within.

Bang!!

The arrow bumped into the bell. Due to the strong impact, the bell cracked open after merely half a second. The arrow had penetrated the bell!

The judge was knocked away, falling to the ground behind Qin Shaotian like a sandbag. Because of the ice on the ground, the judge slipped away by hundreds of meters and only came to a stop after he bumped against the seal by the edge. Several pieces of ice were falling from the seal.

A hush fell among the audience.

Perfect silence prevailed in the entire venue!

The participants in the staging area could not move at all.

Not even a titled battle pet warrior... could stop the arrow?!

What kind of dragon was that!!!

The elder from the Qin Family who shouted that they would admit defeat was just as astounded as anyone else.

He finally breathed in relief when he saw that Qin Shaotian was safe. Only then did he realize that he had been soaked by cold sweat. The elder was glad that he had shouted in time. Otherwise, the arrow would have killed Qin Shaotian for sure!

On the stage, Qin Shaotian gulped. Finally, he summoned enough courage and turned around to look at the judge. After a glance, Qin Shaotian turned pale from fright.

Half of the judge’s body was tainted red with blood.

He had lost one arm!

And that torn arm was nowhere to be seen!

A titled battle pet warrior had been mauled by the arrow!!

Sure, the judge was facing the arrow relying on his own strength without using his pets as shields but... he was a titled battle pet warrior!

“Damn it...”

The judge helped himself up by using his astral power and he spat out some blood together with some pieces of internal organs. He felt that his chest had turned numb and painful and at the same time, it was burning. He darted a look at his broken arm with an awful expression. Just then, he thought he had experienced death. It was surprising that he would have to face death in this place!

He had years of experience in battles which enabled him to move away at the last critical moment, having managed to protect his critical parts. Otherwise, there would have been a hole in his chest at the moment.

What the hell!

The judge was scared and angry. He had thought that this was an easy task. How could such a job be life-threatening!

He turned to see the dragon, which he wished he had not done because this look almost scared the wits out of him!

The bow was still there in front of the dragon!

Behind the bow, the golden, vague figure was slowly stringing the bow and a new, golden arrow was coming into being!!

The judge’s pupils contracted in extreme fear.

Again? Was the dragon losing control?

The judge could not believe this! What would this monster do if it lost control?

It was understandable that the dragon would lose control given its strength. Even a seventh-rank battle pet warrior would find it hard to master such a dragon, let alone a sixth-rank battle pet warrior!

“Sh*t!! Open up the seal! Come on!!” the judge shouted like crazy. He couldn’t do this again. He couldn’t!

He realized that he did not have the strength to fight off the arrow. That was not an attack with a strength at the intermediate position of the ninth-rank, but the upper position!

Or even the peak! The staff outside stood in a daze for a second because none of them could have anticipated this.

They couldn’t believe that this was a match between two young people. The titled battle pet warrior had failed to contain the situation!

To make it worse, the judge almost lost his life!

Seeing the injured arm and the miserable state the judge was in, the staff came back to their senses. They sprang to work.

They had understood that the dragon in there was a monster!

A monster that was losing control!

To be kept in the same place with a monster like this, the judge was bound to hurl out bad words. The working staff believed that they would have certainly used worse words if they were the ones inside!

The seal was set up with the help of the most advanced devices so that the seal could fend off an attack at the peak of the ninth-rank. Only legendary-level strength could have shattered the seal!

The device’s price was an astronomical figure!

In a muddle, the working staff initiated the program but it would take time! The elder from the Qin Family turned deathly pale to see that the dragon was preparing for the next attack. Again, he had his heart in his mouth and he was having trouble breathing!

A dragon that was losing control?

That thought made his heart tremble.

For the past few decades, Qin Shaotian was the most talented young master in the Qin Family. Was his doom near?

The elder from the Qin Family placed his hands on the seal. He wished he could dash to the stage and stop the attack but the seal was firm. It could not only withstand attacks from the inside but from the outside as well. The elder failed to break the seal!

“Open it up now!!”

The golden arrow was becoming more and more tangible. The elder shouted in fear. At the moment, no trace of grace was left in him, nor the impressive and dignified manner that should be found in a titled battle pet warrior.

The death of Qin Shaotian would practically mean the doom of the Qin Family. No amount of impressive and dignified manners could help now!

The working staff were already working in a hurry and his shout didn’t make things any better.

On the stage.

Qin Shaotian stared at the golden arrow and his mind had stopped working. He watched as the golden arrow came into being bit by bit. The closer the golden arrow was to completion, the closer he was to his death.

He would die?

He would die here?

Because of this crappy match?!

Compared to his life, not even the global championship, not to mention a place among the Top 10 in the Longjiang Base City, none were worth mentioning!

What would he do with the good ranking when he no longer had his life!

Besides, the best the global champion could get was some lessons given by legendary battle pet warriors. What was the good in that if he wasn’t alive!

Also, he had to take care of the Qin Family. That was his responsibility for the next few decades...

Losing his life there would be ridiculous!

So ridiculous that his death would be told by the major families as a joke in the coming years!

Many ideas were flashing past his mind. He felt there was a buzzing noise in his head. Soon, clarity came back to his eyes. He was biting his tongue. Profound astral powers were swarming out. He was ready to resort to that final move. Some secret skills could harm his life but no matter, he would do it anyway.

He couldn’t sit still waiting for death.

He would fight even if the hope was slim!

When he was ready to unleash his skill

All of a sudden, the glow faded away from the golden arrow in front of the dragon.

Then, the golden arrow disappeared gradually and turned into a puff of golden energy that retracted back into the dragon. The golden color in the eyes of the violent dragon slowly changed back to the silvery color.

That turn of events silenced everyone.

The dragon was brought back into control?

The judge, Qin Shaotian, the elder from the Qin Family as well as many others could not believe this. A dragon could be brought back into control?

Without anyone helping?

What kind of will and spiritual power would that girl need to have!

Crack, crack!

Then, the Goddess of Ice cracked a bit and a pretty face was revealed.

The girl took a peep outside, alerted, and nervous. When she saw that Qin Shaotian was still standing there unharmed, the girl thought she had heard it wrong. She tried to seek confirmation. “I think I just heard the judge say something... Well, did I win?” Qin Shaotian: “...”

The elder from the Qin Family: “...” The judge: “...”