Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 349 Regaining Control!

The workers managing the seal quickly responded. They hurried to the device to open the seal, ready for the rescue.

After the Moonfrost Dragon incident, a huge investment had been made so that the seal could be opened much faster. That improvement was meant for the final match and no one expected that the new feature would come in handy right then.

The seal was rippling as it was opening up. But things were escalating fast on the stage.

Roar!! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The Dark Dragon Hound had descended into a frenzied state. The flames around it were burning high. Many levels of shields had been set up and that action had been embedded into its instincts.

Ninth-rank Thunder Protection!

Ninth-rank Goddess of Ice!

Ninth-rank Fire Shield!

Ninth-rank Earth-goddess Shelter!

Ninth-rank Dark Hell Shield!

Five ninth-rank defensive skills were released at the same time and they covered up the Dark Dragon Hound, fitting together perfectly. Not even a warrior at the legendary rank could have cracked that defense easily!

Those ninth-rank skills had completely astounded the judge and Liu Qingfeng.

Skills of... every kind!

All of them... were at the ninth rank!!

Generally speaking, it would be hard for average ninth-rank pets to learn the defensive skills of their respective families. However, this Dark Dragon Hound with a middle-rank bloodline had unleashed five defensive skills in one go!!

Five of them!!!

Many titled battle pet warriors in the audience were deeply shaken because of this.

The rest of the audience was dumbfounded, completely unable to believe this. Any of those skills could have stirred up a sensation but there were actually five of them!

They had never seen a more spectacular situation!

Roar!!

The Dark Dragon Hound was still roaring. The twenty-meter tall wolf mimicked the motions, then it pounced at the judge.

That was fast!

The judge was terrified. He summoned his pets immediately because he knew that he alone would no longer be able to stop that Dark Dragon Hound!

Anyone would find that notion inconceivable.

The judge was not someone who had just reached the titled rank. He was already at the intermediate realm.

The previous judge was at the lower position of the titled rank. After he almost lost his life to the Moonfrost Dragon, the government sought the current judge just in case the Moonfrost Dragon would lose control at the finals and take away someone’s life. After all, all the participants who had made it this far were precious talents.

The judge never expected that he would have to intervene so early... not to mention that even he would also feel pressured!

Roar!!

A dragon’s head snuck out from a swirl. Cyan scales that were tough as steel covered up the dragon’s head and neck. That was a ninth-rank Wind-wing Dragon, one that ranked at the Top 20, which was also a rare dragon.

Dragons would mate across sub-species and there was a great variety of them. The Top 30 dragons were considered rare. Money was not the only thing needed to acquire a rare dragon. One would have to have connections and resources.

It was an adult Wind-wing Dragon at the upper position of the ninth rank!

Roar!

The Wind-wing Dragon was halfway from getting out of the swirl. The wolf made of black flames was approaching. That stunning violence from the wolf even stunned the dragon.

Roar!!

The huge wolf howled in rage and wielded its claws. Before the Wind-wing Dragon could rise to the situation, the wolf had pinned the dragon’s head on the ground!

There was a bang. The huge claw made of black flames stomped on the Wind-wing Dragon’s head and the flames were burning its scales. At this moment, the dragon had lost all of its dignity!

No one could make any sound.

The elder from the Liu Family had dashed close to the seal just then and was about to exhale in relief before this happened. Right then, his breath stopped and a dull look was reflected on his face.

The huge wolf of black flames placed one foot on the Wind-wing Dragon, then stretched its neck and opened its burning mouth. The heat and the flames closed in on the judge; the judge’s hair was reduced to dust and all of that happened within a mere second. “What...?”

The judge’s pupils contracted.

His Wind-wing Dragon had been defeated?!!

That was a dragon at the upper position of the ninth-rank! Those sharp, pointed fangs made of blames were inching closer and they were the only things he could see. Right then, he was feeling the arrival of death. He had no way out!

Death!

Whoosh!

When both the judge and Liu Qingfeng had lost all hope, all of a sudden, the fangs stopped moving.

They stopped right before touching them.

They stopped without any warning.

Then, the huge wolf came to a stop. At the same time, the Dark Dragon Hound which was hiding behind all the ninth-rank defensive skills looked up. Clear-eyed once again, the Dark Dragon Hound looked through the many shields to a certain place where the audience was.

Just then, the Dark Dragon Hound heard a cold voice on its mind.

The moment that voice reached its mind, all the killing intent and all the raging violence faded away instantly; the Dark Dragon Hound’s consciousness was restored.

“What do you think you’re doing?” that voice asked a question.

That voice had no emotion and was even colder than ice.

It was like someone was looking down from the top of the clouds.

The Dark Dragon Hound was more than familiar with that voice, which was deeply rooted in its soul.

The vague contract power came back to him at that moment, but as the voice faded away, the contract power became ambiguous again.

But the Dark Dragon Hound’s mind had gone back to normal. It could feel the existence of the contract, albeit faintly.

“Stop. Stop now!”

Then, the Dark Dragon Hound heard Xu Kuang’s voice. He was about to cry.

“Please stop!!”

Xu Kuang was practically begging.

The rental contract passed the voice to the Dark Dragon Hound. It could understand Xu Kuang’s words. The Dark Dragon Hound knew it had to follow the voice.

Whew!

The Dark Dragon Hound stopped attacking. The huge wolf that was stepping on the Wind-wing Dragon turned back into a ball of flames and flew back to the Dark Dragon Hound through the five layers of protection.

The Dark Dragon Hound was recycling energy; it wasn’t much but it was better than nothing. It was extremely stingy when it came to energy... It would never leave any of it go to waste.

The layers of protection disappeared into the Dark Dragon Hound. Instantly, the stage became quite open and spacious. Did it... stop?

The working staff as well as the elder from the Liu Family stared in disbelief for a moment, then breathed in relief.

The judge was in a daze as well. He saw the horrifying figure vanishing in front of his eyes. The sunlight was cascading into the venue through the ceiling. He felt as if he had gotten his life back. He took a look at his Wind-wing Dragon that was crawling up from the ground. Half of the dragon’s head had been burnt. The dragon had lost many scales. The wound was serious.

His dragon was overpowered within the split of a second. What on earth was that thing?

Liu Qinfeng was still standing behind the judge. Eventually, Liu Qingfeng managed to come back to his senses. He gulped. He had always been known to be able to keep his cool in the face of danger. Even so, he had almost soaked his pants. What he had just experienced was simply horrifying!

Liu Qingfeng thought about how embarrassed he was at the moment. He clenched both his teeth and his fists. That was humiliating!

The seal had opened by then. The elder of the Liu Family hurried over to the stage. He was relieved to see that Liu Qingfeng was okay.

Then the elder of the Liu Family turned to the judge and noticed that half of the dragon’s head had been burnt. Once again, the elder of the Liu Family was seized with terror.

“It’s over now...” the judge said to the elder of the Liu Family with a bitter mood.

The judge also felt ashamed.

Even though he was a titled battle pet warrior, he had almost failed to protect Liu Qingfeng while also having been on the verge of losing his own life.

The elder was not happy to hear this result. It had been a challenging match and Liu Qingfeng lost. That was to say, Liu Qingfeng had been excluded from the Top 10 and he would never have another chance to make a comeback!

The future family head of the Liu Family had failed to keep his Top 10 spot, not to mention reaching the Top 5. How ridiculous that was. The Mu Family’s young master would not be spared from becoming a laughing stock because he was still a young student. But Liu Qingfeng had graduated from the academy a long time before. Still, he had failed to win a place in the Top 10. That was enough for people to laugh at him. Of course, the elder of the Liu Family knew that Liu Qingfeng was not the one to be blamed. It was his opponent who was too strange.

was

The elder couldn’t help but take another look at the Dark Dragon Hound and Xu Kuang who was running towards the pet. How could anyone tell that a challenger would be this horrifying? That young man was not weaker than that strange girl!

The Dark Dragon Hound was not second to the Moonfrost Dragon!

Maybe it was even more powerful than the dragon! The only thing the elder of the Liu Family was happy about was that Xu Kuang had gained control of the Dark Dragon Hound in time. Otherwise, Liu Qingfeng could have been killed, which would be a great loss for the Liu Family; they would have to pick out another future leader from the remaining candidates.

But the alternatives... would never be as good as the first choice.

The Liu Family would have to spend more money and resources to groom a new future leader!

“Let’s go.”

The elder of the Liu Family helped Liu Qingfeng off the stage. They no longer needed to stay there since they had lost. They had suffered enough humiliation.

Liu Qingfeng returned to his senses. He gazed at Xu Kuang and at the horrifying hound in the distance. Again, his eyes lost focus. But soon, he turned away in low-spirits. He called back his battle pets and left with the elder.

He had a fifth battle pet and other secret skills.

He never got a chance to use any of them. He wanted to but was no longer able.

He thought he was saving up those moves for Qin Shaotian or Ye Longtian. But his time at the Elite League had come to an end...

He lost...

Liu Qingfeng kept his head low as he stepped off the stage.

The losing party would never be the center of attention. He bit his lips so hard that blood coursed down to his mouth. He was willing to trade anything as long as he could wash away this humiliation!

That academy...

He would have to go and study there no matter what!

After Liu Qingfeng left, the judge also retrieved his dragon as well. With troubled feelings, the judge said to Xu Kuang, “You won. You were also able to control your pet in time. Good for you. Otherwise, you would have been disqualified even if you were the winner.”

Xu Kuang nodded. He was extremely afraid just then, like everyone else.

He would have been disqualified if the pet got out of control. A pet out of control would no longer listen to the battle pet warrior, or serve as proof of the battle pet warrior’s strength. That was the rules of the Elite League.

“Good, good...”

Xu Kuang felt lucky. It was a good thing that his begging worked.

He would have been screwed if the Dark Dragon Hound hadn’t been restrained at the end!

He was full of excitement and fear as he stared at the Dark Dragon Hound. This was his teacher’s pet. So stunning.

But it was so hard to control!

So, that was what his teacher would use, right?

Xu Kuang turned to a place in the audience, wearing a look of admiration.