Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 355 Success During Heaven’s

Test

Ruthless and brutal!

Su Ping stood no chance to fight back against the lightning bolts. The only leverage he had was his willpower and determination!

Boom!

Boom!!

The bolts of lightning emerging from the thundercloud had become fiercer by the second, also thicker. They were going to wipe out every living creature!

With a bang, Su Ping encountered another lightning bolt. His body was torn and tattered; again, he collapsed at once. There was some mist around him. It was because his blood had been vaporized by the high temperature. He fell from the sky, like a motionless stone tainted with blood.

He lost his consciousness.

Revival!!

The moment darkness came to him, Su Ping had ordered his own return.

The light was within sight. Su Ping opened his eyes and the first thing he did was to command the Dark Dragon Hound and the Inferno Dragon to head toward the lightnings.

The Dark Dragon Hound and the Inferno Dragon were unable to fight back. They worked up the courage and made a dash for it. Still, the lightning bolts had smashed them down soon after.

The Dark Dragon Hound was the first to go and the first to fall. After it died, the Inferno Dragon went up immediately.

Roar!!

The dragon was blasted open and blood rained down!

The bolt of lightning pierced the huge dragon and it lost its wings.

The Inferno Dragon couldn’t even remember how many times it had gone through that pain. In the beginning, the dragon was scared and timid. But then, the dragon had become fearless, having surrendered its mind to craziness!

Soon, several lightning bolts struck together and the Inferno Dragon fell from the sky, like a piece of charcoal.

While Su Ping brought them back to life, he had stepped into the lightning again to take his

turn.

Test!

Death!

Revival!

Repeat!

The three of them went one after another and undertook the trials repeatedly. The God Warrior had lost his ability to talk.

He couldn’t even remember how many times Su Ping and his pets had died.

They were struck again and again and they came back to life.

The God Warrior had no idea why would Su Ping be able to come back to life or why he insisted on repeating such actions.

Did it not hurt?!

Joanna was full of troubling emotions. That was the first time that she had seen Su Ping training along with his pets. She had heard from Su Ping that repeated pressure and stress would inspire the pets’ growth.

But she had never realized how heartless he could be, even to himself! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

He was even harder on himself than on his

pets!

“He...” Joanna moved her lips, but eventually said nothing.

In the sky.

The middle-aged man was motionless.

He believed that his will would have been crushed after one round. How could this human being take the pain for so long?

The look in his eyes changed from surprise, to fear and to admiration and respect. This human being had disrupted all of his previous views and judgment of the human race!

Boom_!

All of a sudden, he heard a loud noise in the sky.

The middle-aged man was startled. He looked up at once. There was a swirl in the middle of the thundercloud. The sixth-round was going to be more intense than the previous five rounds!

The entire thundercloud had been stirred up by that swirl and was caving in toward the swirl. The swirl bore complete darkness within; no lightning nor cloud could be seen inside.

Bang!

Without any warning, a bolt of lightning that could light up the entire world came into being at the center of the swirl.

The lightning bolt traveled so fast that it reached the middle-aged man instantly.

The umbrella in the middle-aged man’s hand was spinning and it helped drive away some of the energy. However, this lightning bolt was too thick and the umbrella was merely able to fend off part of the energy. The rest landed on the Shield of Ares.

Bang!

A golden glow burst out from the Shield of Ares. Behind the middle-aged man emerged a golden giant holding a shield. That was also a manifestation of the Shield of Ares, only dozens of times larger. The shield neutralized most of the energy and the remaining part of the energy was worn off by the middle-aged man’s astral powers. He was unhurt. The middle-aged man was a bit relieved but he had not let his guard down.

Su Ping placed himself in front of the umbrella. At the moment, he was the middle-aged man’s first barrier to fend off the lightning

Bang! Soon, the second lightning bolt came down.

Piercing pain. Burns. Hurt...

Su Ping could not even have a clear sense of that pain before he was reduced to dust. Yes, this time, he died without leaving a full body!

Revival!

After he came back to life, he ordered the Inferno Dragon and the Dark Dragon Hound to take his place so as not to waste anything.

“I cannot believe that the first seal of the Shield of Ares was undone...” The God Warrior commented the moment he saw the huge golden giant image behind the middle-aged man. That man represented how the Shield of Ares came into being. He had once been a famous powerful god in the Divinity.

Joanna gazed at the sky quietly.

Bang! Boom!

The swirl was spitting out lightning bolts that were increasingly thicker and more violent.

The Dark Dragon Hound, the Inferno Dragon, or Su Ping would stand in front to act as the first barrier between the middle-aged man and the bolts of lightning. The second barrier was the umbrella and the last one the Shield of Ares.

The ninth bolt of lightning came. Su Ping was merely near the edge of the lightning when he felt he was burning up and his skin was scorched. He turned into a pile of dust the second he touched the lightning bolt for real. He died before he even had a chance to feel the actual power of the lightning!

When Su Ping came back to life, the ninth bolt of lightning had passed.

The middle-aged man remained unharmed.

The Shield of Ares fended off all the strikes for him.

The thundercloud in the sky spun around and then... faded away.

The dark cloud disappeared in the air. Sunlight broke free from the center of the cloud, casting brilliance over the mountain.

The stress over the mountain could no longer be felt.

“Has the test... ended?” Su Ping stared blankly.

He darted a look at the middle-aged man.

Standing in the sky, the middle-aged man’s energy was growing stronger. He appeared to be ten times as powerful as before.

Roar!

The middle-aged man shouted as if to let out some extra energy.

“That fellow must be completely freaked out.” Chuckling, the God Warrior shifted his sight from Su Ping to the middle-aged man.

Anyone would have been scared by this. A thundercloud that should have a diameter of one thousand meters eventually reached a hundred thousand meters. Anyone would have felt hopeless by such a calamity.

But the middle-aged man didn’t have to exert a great effort. The artifacts that Joanna had given him carried him all the way to victory. It was just that the process had been mentally exhausting...

The middle-aged man survived the test successfully. He didn’t reach the legendary rank.

He became a True God.

Having vented his emotions, the middle-aged man descended. First, he cast a glance at Su Ping, and then he ran to Joanna. He gave her artifacts back and got down on one knee to express his gratitude.