Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 369 Pride of the Weak

The huge venue, able to house hundreds of thousands of people, was almost as silent as the grave.

There were no cheers, nor applause.

At this moment, inexplicably, all the audience felt a sense of pressure coming down as if they were certain that the next battle would be unprecedented! As the audience watched, Su Lingyue followed the staircase and walked to the stage step by step.

The stage was getting closer and closer, appearing increasingly larger in her eyes. A new world was opening up to her. The glistening blue seal opened up a pathway.

The working staff guided Su Lingyue onto the stage.

She reached her area and raised her head. At that moment, the world was spinning around her. The eyes, the media, the camera and the light were all on her.

All eyes on her!

As her eyesight had improved, she could see the detailed expressions displayed on the faces of those sitting in the front rows.

Those titled battle pet warriors were out of reach for her. But right then, they were all wearing grave expressions with burdens on their minds.

Xu Kuang, Qin Shaotian and the other two of the Top 5 were staring at her, seemingly looking forward to something.

The people in the audience were either excited or nervous; none of them could wait to watch the upcoming battle.

Su Lingyue looked around and finally, she cast her sight to where the family members were sitting. Soon, she found him. Her mind settled down the moment she saw him.

One more win and it would all be over, she said to herself and prayed.

“You got a friend sitting there?”

All of a sudden, Su Lingyue heard an indifferent voice. The person who said those words wasn’t being cold intentionally. She had been that way since birth.

That voice pulled Su Lingyue’s attention back to the stage. She looked over and saw that her opponent Yan Bingyue was already in her designated area on the stage.

Looking at Yan Bingyu, Su Lingyue had to admit that she was a bit jealous.

Truth be told, she did envy people like her, who could have their way on the stage relying on their own strength.

Those were the true talents!

They each had skills they were good at!

But that was not the case for her.

She had been working hard, much harder than her classmates and she was the top student of her year in the academy. But that was all she could do.

If it weren’t for the battle pet Su Ping had given her, she would have never made it to this stage. She had never forgotten about that.

“He’s not a friend,” Su Lingyue answered Yan Bingyue’s question, “He is family.” Yan Bingyue raised her eyebrows. “Family?” That was a distant word.

She barely had an understanding of such a word.

Therefore, she could hardly sympathize with Su Lingyue.

“That’s not good.” Yan Bingyue replied coldly, “He must be looking forward to seeing you win. Unfortunately, the way I see it, your battle pet is strong but you seem to be very vulnerable!” She sounded calm as if merely stating an established fact.

And yet, this statement clenched Su Lingyue’s heart.

She replied with silence.

“Thirty seconds. Get ready,” the judge said. That was time for the two to get their battle pets ready before the battle started.

They could summon their battle pets at the waiting area so that they wouldn’t be caught off guard when the battle officially began.

That frustrated look quickly receded from Su Lingyue’s eyes. She raised her head and once again stared at that stunning girl.

All she could see on that stunning face was coldness and contempt.

Su Lingyue curled her lips but managed to remain composed. Same as before, she raised her hands.

To summon her battle pets.

The Moonfrost Dragon breathed heavily and stepped out from the swirl, standing next to Su Lingyue like the towering dragon it was.

Su Lingyue summoned the Phantom Flame Beast as well to stay with her. “Frosty...”

Su Lingyue looked up at the Moonfrost Dragon.

A sudden smile blossomed on her face.

“All yours.”

Her smile grew wider.

Roar!

The Moonfrost Dragon bellowed as a reply.

Su Lingyue smiled at the dragon and then darted another look at her opponent.

Yan Bingyue frowned as she gazed at this Moonfrost Dragon with strange scales. She knew that this was a mutated dragon. The dragon definitely had to grow up in a unique environment since young or go through special training to become like this. Either way, the dragon was formidable and she had witnessed that.

Yan Bingyue didn’t do anything, but three dark swirls emerged behind her.

Then, from the three swirls claws and limbs were extended.

Three ferocious and tall figures came out. The three pets were the ones she had summoned during her fight with Qin Shaotian.

Two pets of the demon family and the Crystal Ocean Dragon.

Both parties had summoned their pets. The judge looked at his watch and when the 30-second countdown ended, he announced that the match had begun.

At the same time, the two judges flew up, leaving the space to the two participants.

Here it comes!

The people in the audience held their breaths. Yan Bingyue focused her mind and put on a sneer. The moment the judge announced the start of the match, the Crystal Ocean Dragon took a step forward. The ground that the dragon touched froze up quickly and the ice was expanding.

As to the dragon’s category, the Crystal Ocean Dragon was at a rank higher than that of the Moonfrost Dragon; it just so happened that the two dragons were both born to be able to use water-related skills! As such, the Crystal Ocean Dragon had the upper hand to easily crush the Moonfrost Dragon! At the same time, within the blink of an eye, the Moonfrost Dragon had finished performing the Goddess of Ice that covered up Su Lingyue and the Phantom Flame Beast.

The Moonfrost Dragon stood in front of the Goddess of Ice, leaving its back to Su Lingyue. Anyone who wanted to harm Su Lingyue would have to deal with the dragon first!

The temperature was dropping quickly. The profound coldness was spreading out from the Moonfrost Dragon. The ground under its feet was freezing and so was the seal around the stage. The thick layer of ice turned the seal into a wall of ice.

Huge spears grew out of the ice wall.

That was a sign that the Ice Prison was coming into shape! Same as before, the Moonfrost Dragon resorted to its strongest skill at the very beginning!

Yan Bingyue squinted. She had anticipated that this was going to happen. The Crystal Ocean Dragon stomped on the ground and the pieces of ice flew up, turning into an oval crystal shield that stood around Yan Bingyue, the dragon itself, and her two battle pets of the demon family.

Ice spears fired!

The ice spears were discharged as soon as they came into being, like missiles, and then they all landed on the crystal shield.

The entire stage was shaking. This was the third time that the audience had seen this skill. But still, they found it astonishing and all the ice spears were longer than ten meters, carrying destructive force.

The audience was startled; some people were even too afraid to watch what was going to happen to the crystal shield.

“Eh?”

Standing behind the crystal shield, Su Lingyue was able to feel the stage shaking; she could also hear the loud noises coming from the crystal shield. She stared at the crystal shield and to her dismay, she noticed how some cracks began to appear.

That power...

The Moonfrost Dragon could feel that the Hell Viper was quickly moving in to attack. A golden glow appeared in the Moonfrost Dragon’s eyes as well as killing intent.

The wind suddenly sprang up around the Moonfrost Dragon. A massive figure appeared behind it. It was the Arrow of Wind!

The illusionary figure was holding the bow and a cyan arrow came into being.

The gale stopped the moment the arrow took shape. Then, a popping sound was heard when the arrow was discharged.

Roar!!

The Crystal Ocean Dragon bellowed as it built up a huge crystal wall in front of the Hell Viper.

Bang!!

The arrow bumped into the crystal wall. The ground was trembling and the noise was enough to wake the dead. Without any trace, no smoke nor dust, the Arrow of Wind disappeared!

On the other hand, the crystal shield was intact!

It shocked everyone.

The Moonfrost Dragon’s Arrow of Wind was ineffective?!

Both Yin Fengxiao and Zhao Wuji breathed in relief. Then, they put on a meaningful smile and darted a knowing look to the head of the Ye family.

The meaning was, ‘this skill had scared the wits out of your young master and he resigned directly.’ But this is nothing for our Lady Yan!

The family head of the Ye family disregarded their look and kept on staring at the stage with a tight frown.

It was evident that the Moonfrost Dragon itself had failed to anticipate that the arrow could be rendered useless. The dragon stared at the Hell Viper that was meandering over from behind the crystal wall. All of a sudden, the Moonfrost Dragon felt danger approaching. It wasn’t that the Moonfrost Dragon would be in danger. The dragon sensed that the viper would try to harm Su Lingyue! That realization ignited the killing intent in the Moonfrost Dragon’s heart.

Roar!!

Rage occupied the Moonfrost Dragon’s mind. Its eyes turned red as blood.

The illusionary figure behind the Moonfrost Dragon didn’t vanish; it was becoming more substantial instead. This time, people could see a faint golden hue around the figure!

It raised its hand and pulled the string!

This time, the Arrow of Wind was purely golden in color!

A gale sprung forth and all the wind was traveling toward this arrow, which seemed to be able to suck in the air from even outside the seal!

That massive golden arrow was shining radiantly!

Both Yin Fengxiao and Zhao Wuji were stunned, then they turned pale.

All the family heads watched, nervously.

This was the one!

They had seen this from the video; they had a much clear sense of how terrifying the arrow was by being there! They observed with a shudder of horror. Even outside the seal, they could feel the destructive force in the arrow. Apart from the killing intent and the strength, there was something on the arrow that made them instinctively afraid!

It was as if the arrow had been discharged by the god of wind in person!

The arrow was formed and the string was pulled!

An unspeakable aura converged at the tip of the arrow. The quickly approaching Hell Viper suddenly shut its huge mouth and fear appeared in its eyes.

Death!

That was the feeling of death!

Roar!!

Stimulated by this fear, the Hell Viper screamed loudly. It stopped slithering, and quickly curled up and buried its head in its body.

The Crystal Ocean Dragon seemed to be stressed out as well. The dragon charged forth and at the same time, built up many crystal walls in front of the Hell Viper.

Bang!! There rose a noise in front of the arrow. The next second, the golden arrow was discharged.

The moment of that discharge, a strange and shrill cry came out but it was soon overwhelmed by the blasting noise in the air.

Bang, bang, bang! The arrow touched the first crystal wall, which instantly fell into pieces. But the wall didn’t manage to slow the arrow down. It was still piercing through the many crystal walls until it landed heavily on the curled-up Hell Viper. The over one-hundred-meter-long Hell Viper was blasted into several pieces that were flung backward.

The Nightmare Crafter caught one of the pieces.

The other pieces fell to the ground and were still wiggling!

The arrow had penetrated the Hell Viper, tearing it to pieces.

Maybe the walls did manage to slow the arrow down a bit, or maybe the arrow missed its target; the head of the Hell Viper remained in one piece. That being said, blood was oozing out from the cuts under the head.

Roar!!

The killing intent was still surging in the eyes of the Moonfrost Dragon. The second golden arrow was coming into being.

However, halfway through the process, the Moonfrost Dragon trembled, and then it turned its head back quickly, casting a glance at the Goddess of Ice.

There was a hole in it!!

The Moonfrost Dragon couldn’t believe it.

The Moonfrost Dragon squinted its eyes!

At the same time, a man stood up from his seat!

Roar!

Instantly, the Moonfrost Dragon shouted a wild shout and threw itself backward.

Inside the Goddess of Ice, Su Lingyue blankly stared at the girl that stood in front of her. It was Yan Bingyue!

Yan Bingyue broke the Goddess of Ice and reached her!

What happened?

Su Lingyue couldn’t think straight.

But from Yan Bingyue’s strangely red eyes, Su Lingyue could sense that she was in danger.

Would she die?

That was the first thought that jumped into Su Lingyue’s mind. But she remembered that at this stage, the rules stipulated that no killing was allowed.

As soon as that idea came into her mind, she thought of another possibility that she was even more afraid of.

She would not die. But, was she going to lose? She felt something was squeezing her heart as if wanting to make it stop pounding. At that moment, she wanted to cry. “I said that you were too vulnerable; you’re nothing without this dragon.” Yan Bingyue stared at her coldly and quickly wielded her shield.

The intent to take Su Lingyue’s life was clear in Yan Bingyue’s eyes.

Su Lingyue felt all of her hopes had turned into ashes. However, the next second, she suddenly bit her lips and gave out an order. At the same time, she mobilized her astral powers. All the augmentation skills that a student had to learn were unleashed.

Stall her! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

That was the only thing on her mind. She could tell that the Moonfrost Dragon was still okay. As long as the dragon was still there...

Pff!

Blood blossomed in front of her.

Su Lingyue’s mind had stopped working.

She opened her eyes wide; blood danced and fell onto her face.

The Phantom Flame Beast collapsed to the ground. There was a deep cut on its furry belly. The internal organs were falling out.

A Phantom Flame Beast that had combat strength equal to the eighth-rank was unable to last for one round?

“Hmm.”

Yan Bingyue stood in front of Su Lingyue with the sword in her hand and a sneer on her face. At this moment, she was as powerful as a ninth-rank beast. She could even have killed the Bloody Servant!

“You are such a loser. You can only ask your battle pets to help you. How can you call yourself a battle pet warrior?” Yan Bingyue raised her sword. The moment the deafening sound reached her ears, she put her sword on Su Lingyue’s neck. “You have lost!”

She gave her verdict.

Su Lingyue was unable to believe this.

Then, she looked up and a smile appeared on her deadly pale face.