Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 378 Fury and Slaying!

No one could utter a sound.

As of that moment, not even Qin Duhuang was able to keep calm any longer. He had never been so stunned, starting with the moment Su Ping killed that titled battle pet warrior. But it was even more appalling to see that Su Ping was able to get rid of two battle pets at the peak of the ninth rank, without needing the slightest effort!

The battle pets were at the peak of the ninth rank!

Second only to battle pets of the legendary rank!

If he could deal with those two battle pets easily, didn’t it mean that Su Ping no longer had any worthy opponents below the legendary rank?!

On the stage.

Cold sweat was breaking out from Zhou Wuji and Yin Fengxiao’s foreheads. Standing behind them, Yan Bingyue was colorless, with confusion in her eyes.

She had always been proud of herself for being one of the more informed members of the organization. She always believed that she had seen everything. And yet, she had found no explanation for that odd occurrence.

She could not believe that such a horrifying person and such strange things could be found in this poor, out-of-the-way place!

“Keep all of them in control!”

After he captured two battle pets at the peak of the ninth rank, Su Ping commanded the Inferno Dragon. For the rest of the battle pets, the Inferno Dragon was able to subdue them all.

Roar!

As soon as Su Ping finished giving his order, the Inferno Dragon stepped forward. Strong hellfire was burning all around the dragon and its eyes were wilder than before. The dragon had just gone through the Heaven’s Tests in the Demigod Burial and had yet to recover from that painful experience.

Right then, when the dragon came out and saw all those battle pets, the dragon could no longer suppress its thirst for blood.

Kill them!

Destroy them!!

Roar!!!

The dragon opened its mouth and released the most violent roar!

The dragon’s roar echoed in the venue and pierced through the clouds. The people who were at the moment running for their lives felt weak in the knees. Some of the more timid ones had wetted their pants or fainted!

Bloodthirst. Cruelty. Those were the negative emotions that the dragon expressed with the roar!

The overwhelming pressure lingered in the venue!

Even the family heads felt their hearts racing as they heard that roar. The fear seemed to have boiled their blood.

They had never heard anything like that!

Was this the Inferno Dragon that was on display outside the Pixie Pet Store?!

Had the dragon honestly just reached adulthood?!

When they saw the Moonfrost Dragon, they had thought that of dragons of the same size, the Moonfrost Dragon was freakishly powerful and was able to defeat all the other battle pets of the same rank. At that time, they never thought that they could see another crueler and more heartless dragon than this Inferno Dragon!

The five battle pets, including the Iron Tiger that was eyeing Yan Bingyue covetously, were shocked still by the raging dragon’s roar. Some of the battle pets crouched on the spot, shivering and showing a dull look in their eyes. Their violent nature had receded.

Because at that moment, the pets felt they had become the prey.

Prey that was unable to escape.

The pets shivered, but were unable to move any further!

The Inferno Dragon looked around and subdued the five battle pets at the intermediate position of the ninth rank.

Su Ping didn’t stay idle while the Inferno Dragon kept going. He ordered the Little Skeleton to carry on with its task!

He wasn’t going to kill those battle pets, but his previous targets!

The Little Skeleton received Su Ping’s orders. The crimson glow lit up in its empty eye sockets. The Little Skeleton slowly unsheathed the bone blade. Dark energy tumbled around. A formidable force that was hard to understand emerged from the tiny skeleton. The Little Skeleton had finally caught the attention of people other than the two from the Zhou Family who had not dared to keep their eyes away from that skeleton throughout this time.

Previously, when the Little Skeleton was chasing after the battle pet of the demon family at the peak of the ninth rank, people had already noticed that the skeleton was not a common one. Right then, as the Little Skeleton unleashed that fiendish energy, people began to shudder in terror. They felt as if the king of demons had come back to life!

The figure that hid inside the dark energy was the king!

Granted, the figure was small. But it gave people the feeling that the tiny figure could stand upright on its two legs between heaven and earth, capable of even holding up the sky when it fell!

Death!!

A figure flashed.

The Little Skeleton took action and disappeared on the spot.

Yin Fengxiao was more scared than ever. He never thought that the young man could have such a terrifying battle pet!

The test result placing him at the intermediate position of the sixth rank was a joke!

No one at the sixth rank was able to be like this!!

Summon the pets!

Yin Fengxiao tore apart the air and many swirls appeared. He could no longer afford to wait. He summoned all of his battle pets.

su

“Help her get away!!” Yin Fengxiao bellowed.

The Spear Devil Zhao Wuji was still overwhelmed by fear. Hearing Yin Fengxiao’s words, Zhao Wuji made up his mind and grabbed Yan Bingyue. “Lady Yan, let’s go!”

As for her maid Xiao Ju, Zhao Wuji didn’t even cast a second look at her.

Time was pressing. He couldn’t take care of her right then.

He had never anticipated that they would be in fatal danger in the small Longjiang Base City!

Yan Bingyue didn’t fight back. She came back to her senses the moment Yin Fengxiao shouted those words. Her face was still pale but the confusion in her eyes was gone. Having gone through many fatal training sessions since she was a kid, her mind was tougher than that of others. She took a look at Xiao Ju, feeling sorry to leave her behind.

But Xiao Ju knew how serious things were at the moment. She put on a smile. “Lady Yan, I’m sorry that I won’t be able to serve you anymore. Let me... protect you!” “Go!” Yin Fengxiao shouted.

Zhao Wuji clenched his teeth. He opened up some swirls and summoned a few battle pets.

Including a pet of the wind family that could be their ride.

Roar!!

A dragon bellowed behind Yin Fengxiao. The dragon ran forward and set up many shields, trying to protect him. However, the Little Skeleton had re-emerged above a dozen meters away from Yin Fengxiao. Surrounded by the dark mist, only two cold red eyes could be seen. The skeleton wielded its blade! Bang, bang, bang, bang! The several shields collapsed under the dark, long blade.

Scared, Yin Fengxiao shouted even louder, “Magic Space!”

The battle pet of the demon family that was good at spiritual attacks instantly unleashed spiritual shockwaves. However, before that shockwave could reach the Little Skeleton, a majestic figure had appeared behind the Little Skeleton, a figure that seemed to have traveled from another world.

The magnificent Skeleton King!

Roar!!

The huge shadow of the Skeleton King growled!

The growl was even more intimidating than the dragon’s roar!

Besides, that roar appeared to carry a strangely freezing and twisted feeling.

The pet of the demon family stopped moving and Yin Fengxiao’s mind turned blank after listening to that growl.

Zhao Wuji, who was about to hop onto the pet of the wind family, as well as Yan Bingyue, felt that their minds went numb because of the growl’s effect. The ninth-rank pet that they rode on was famous for being fearless. Still, the pet’s limbs trembled and almost collapsed because of the Skeleton King’s growl, as if it weren’t carrying two human beings, but ten mountains.

Kill them!!

A beam of sword light that was dark and at the same time offending to the eye appeared.

Pff!

The beam of sword light flashed past the dragon standing in front of Yin Fengxiao. The scales on the dragon’s chest cracked and blood oozed out. A deep cut appeared on the other two battle pets that were standing nearby.

Whoosh!

The Little Skeleton vanished on the spot. When it appeared again, the dark energy had carried it to where Yin Fengxiao was. The small figure slowly came down and stopped at Yin Fengxiao’s eye level.

Yin Fengxiao had just cleared his mind from the effect of the Skeleton King’s growl when he noticed the two crimson eyes glaring at him in the darkness.

His heart skipped a beat!

He was unable to see his battle pets nor hear anything else. Everything was far away from him. He had been deprived of all senses.

The only thing that remained in the world was him, along with the horrifying thing in front of him.

Time had stopped. Yin Fengxiao was feeling a sense of imminent death that he had never experienced before.

No, god, no...

He wanted to open his mouth and shout.

He didn’t want to die. No.

Life was precious. But as he was standing in front of death, apart from realizing that he was weak, he could think of nothing else.

No...

Pff!!

The beam of sword light flashed by. Yin Fengxiao lost his head. The energy shields that he had set up around himself broke like pieces of glass. When the blade reached his neck, a dark armor jumped out from his collar in an attempt to stop the blade. However, that armor was rendered useless in front of the blade. It didn’t even stop the blade one bit before Yin Fengxiao was beheaded! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

A head that still carried an expression of fear fell to the ground.

All the battle pets stopped moving.

Zhao Wuji and Yan Bingyue had just been roused after the shock from the Skeleton King’s growl; they were panic-stricken when they saw this.

It happened within less than half a minute!

Yin Fengxiao, the Dragon Knight, the once celebrated titled battle pet warrior on the Blue Planet, had been murdered just like that!

He had his dragon and his battle pets protecting him, and yet, he was killed nonetheless. He was beheaded!

Zhao Wuji was horrified as he looked at the skeleton turning their way. Suddenly, he thought of something at that critical moment. He turned to the family heads.

“Help!!”

“Help us!!!”

Zhao Wuij shouted, “We cannot lose our Lady Yan. Otherwise, the Star Organization will blame the Longjiang Base City. You can’t just sit and do nothing!!”

Yan Bingyue had forgotten all about her grace and calmness. She cried out to Qin Duhuang, “Raging Spirit, please, help me. I’ll help you become a legendary battle pet warrior!”

That promise astounded everyone.

Help him reach the legendary rank?

Qin Duhuang trembled in surprise.

But the Little Skeleton had reached its target.

That merely took an instant.

In fear, Zhao Wuji turned around. He hurriedly took out the spear he carried on his back. The tip of the spear glistened. He was the Spear Devil. He was addicted to practicing the spear and he was accomplished in that regard.

vas acc

Bang!

A dark blade pressed down on the spear and went on to cut Zhao Wuji’s head. The blade halved Zhao Wuij as well as the ninth-rank battle pet he was sitting on!

The blood spilled out from Zhao Wuji and the battle pet drenched Yan Bingyue.

Fear froze her face.

The boiling blood was dripping, on her hair, on her cheeks. The smell was too pungent to endure.

In the distance, while he witnessed everything, Qin Duhuang decided not to intervene!

He had to admit that Yan Bingyue’s words were intriguing.

Becoming a legendary battle pet warrior!

That was appealing to any battle pet warrior at the peak of the titled rank!

That was a level that they would pursue at the risk of everything!

Still, eventually, Qin Duhuang held back the urge to say yes!

He did so because he believed Yan Bingyue was only saying those words under the pressing situation. That girl was complicated. She was anything but innocent. He could tell how sophisticated her mind had to be from the fact that she said one sentence that would appeal to his innermost desire.

Besides, he was honestly scared of the strange skeleton!