Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 381 Seal

A malicious banquet!

That was the first thing that jumped into everyone’s mind. That thought scared them.

He invited them to his store at this critical juncture. Was he trying to drag them down with him?!

What a cunning fellow!

However, they couldn’t say no to him since they were still in shock after Su Ping murdered three titled battle pet warriors. They said nothing for a moment, neither accepting nor refusing.

No one wanted to set an example for others. The first would usually bear the brunt of the attack. What if this vicious person punished someone as a warning to others?

The two titled battle pet warriors from the government had understood Su Ping’s intention. They felt sorry for those major families.

Qin Shaotian and Ye Longtian both had an awful look on their faces. Both were going to lead their respective families in the future. At the moment, Su Ping said a few words, and their families were frightened. The fact that Su Ping was trying to drag the five major families into trouble filled them with anger and complicated feelings.

Since Su Ping was Su Lingyue’s brother and he was not that much older than her, he wasn’t some old freak who had used some skills to retain a youthful look.

Qin Shaotian and Ye Longtian realized that Su Ping was probably somewhere around their age.

That idea frustrated them even more.

Su Ping smiled at the still silent family heads that had said nothing yet. He, too, didn’t say another word. He expressed his intention and he would see their responses the next day.

He wasn’t trying to get them in trouble and make them fight the Star Organization with him.

He was not that worried about the Star Organization after finding out the basics about them. That was merely an organization without legendary battle pet warriors. If their head office was closed, he would have gone to their lair directly. He had mainly invited the five major families to stop by his store because he didn’t want to lose those wealthy, potential customers.

Since the exhibition of his power had overwhelmed them, he thought he might just as well use that as leverage, to warn the five major families so that they would not secretly sabotage his business. At the same time, he could get something out of them... Of course, the latter was the most important reason. He believed that after that day, as long as the five family heads were in their sane minds, they would not offend him without thinking. The instigating Zhou Family had already been taught a good lesson. But if the Liu Family refused to go the smarter way, he would not mind teaching them a very good lesson so that they would never make another stupid decision again.

I’m so very concerned about the business of the store, Su Ping exclaimed inwardly.

He meant for the system to understand that ‘see, I am racking my brains for the sake of the store. How about you give me another free admission to any cultivation site?’

The system gave no reaction, as if dead.

That was completely within expectation. Su Ping never believed that the system would reply to him. He looked at the Phantom Flame Beast which had almost been healed. He told Su Lingyue to pick it up, since it was time for them to go home. Su Lingyue came back to her senses. It didn’t occur to her that this was how the competition would end.

The corpses of the three titled battle pet warriors were still lying on the stage, dripping with blood. That was a strong visual impact.

In her mind, titled battle pet warriors were people she could never compare to. However, they lost their lives so easily in Su Ping’s hands. They didn’t have the chance to run, at all.

She gazed at Su Ping. She thought he had just reached the titled rank. It turned out that he wasn’t even a titled battle pet warrior and yet his battle pet could kill titled battle pet warriors.

How long has he been hiding his strength? Su Lingyue asked herself. She went up to check up on the Phantom Flame Beast which was getting better. She patted its head and sent it back.

Then, she walked toward the Moonfrost Dragon. The Dark Dragon Hound had helped the Moonfrost Dragon stabilize its situation. She patted the dragon’s blood-drenched scales and also sent it back to the contract space.

“Time to go,” said Su Ping to the two titled battle pet warriors of the government after Su Lingyue got ready. He also commanded the Dark Dragon Hound to accompany Xu Kaung, its current master, since the rental contract was still in effect.

The Dark Dragon Hound had to do as required and went back to Xu Kuang. When Xu Kuang stroked its fur, the Dark Dragon Hound snorted as if it disliked this intimate action but the look in the Dark Dragon Hound’s eyes said that it was enjoying this.

The two titled battle pet warriors from the government said goodbye to Su Ping and watched as he left the venue with Su Lingyue.

The others followed the two with their eyes. To be exact, it should be four because walking after Su Ping and Su Lingyue were the skeleton and Yan Bingyue that it was dragging. When the girl arrived, she had been swollen with arrogance. As she was leaving, she was yanked away like a dead dog. Her hair was disheveled and her clothes were tainted with blood. The stares that fell on her were full of complex meaning. As the mess ended on the stage, the overly panicked spectators slowly calmed down. At the moment, a third of them had already exited the venue. Of the remaining two thirds of the audience, some were still seated while the others were crowding the corridors.

As the battle ended, everyone froze on the spot.

None of them could have foreseen that a battle between titled battle pet warriors could end that quickly.

Everyone watched as Su Ping disappeared into one of the corridors.

That all-powerful Yan Bingyue was dragged away.

Who was that young man?

Fei Yanbo, the other two teachers, and the students under their care wore dull expressions.

Su Ping was just sitting right next to them moments before, then he went up to the stage and slayed three titled battle pet warriors in a row, completely astounding everyone.

All of it happened so fast that their minds had been unable to follow the turn of events.

“That...”

Yu Weihan was stunned speechless. She would have never guessed that the person sitting with them was the most horrifying of all. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

They two... She had thought that the sister was scary enough but the brother was the actual monster!

Luo Fengtian and those who had provoked Su Ping at the gate of the Phoenix Peak Academy were shivering and turning pale. Their lips trembled so violently that they had been unable to utter a sound.

Outside the venue.

Su Ping saw people who had run out to escape the chaos.

Some of them didn’t run far. After they felt safe outside, they stopped and turned around to look. Some took out their phones, ready to take a picture or two.

Su Ping used astral powers to blur their sights and quietly left the crowd so as to not cause a stir.

He told the Little Skeleton to throw Yan Bingyue to the back seat and keep an eye on her when he and Su Lingyue climbed to the front seats and drove back home.

An hour later, the car pulled into Taohuaxi Street by their home.

On their way, their mom had called them several times. They had just parked the car when Su Ping saw their mom running out to them. She was surely waiting by the door.

Su Ping knew from her call that she had watched the live stream and witnessed the disturbance at the end.

Su Ping felt sorry after seeing the nervousness and worry on her face.

“Mom.”

“I’m glad you made it home safe. Come on in, quickly,” Li Qingru said. At the same time, she took a look around, nervously, as if she was afraid some people were tailing them.

Su Ping smiled at that.

Li Qingru was surprised to see him calm enough to smile at this time. She dragged him inside and soon, she noticed the Little Skeleton coming out from the car, as well as Yan Bingyue who was still controlled by the dark energy hand.

As she stared at Yan Bingyue, Li Qingru turned pale with fright. “Why, why did you bring her here?” she said, somewhat panicky. She wanted to say that it was an outright kidnapping! Of course, she didn’t have to use the exact words and Su Ping could still understand the implied meaning. He replied with a smile. Since he had already killed titled battle pet warriors, kidnapping someone wasn’t that big of a deal. That being said, he knew that his mom would be scared because she was still an ordinary law-abiding citizen.

Su Ping didn’t explain much. After what happened to Su Lingyue, he had realized that being a normal person might be an even happier choice. He could carry the burden and shield them from any danger. “She came with me voluntarily,” he said and then gently pushed his mom to go back home.

Voluntarily?

Li Qingru was speechless.

Yan Bingyue rolled her eyes at him. Where was the willingness when I’m clearly in his hands?

After they went inside, Su Ping told Su Lingyue to keep their mom company whenever he had to run back to the store for something.

Su Lingyue understood that he had to take care of Yan Bingyue. Su Lingyue looked at the latter. Although Yan Bingyue had tried to humiliate her on stage, but as of that moment, somehow, she felt sorry for Yan Bingyue.

Of course, she didn’t try to stop Su Ping. That tiny bit of remorse was not enough to disturb her mind. She knew that judging by the current situation, Yan Bingyue had turned into their enemy; she should never be merciful to an enemy.

That was what Su Ping had taught her, and the thing she had learned from her brief journey as an explorer.

While Su Lingyue kept their mom occupied, Su Ping took Yan Bingyue to the store in a hurry.

As soon as he went inside, Su Ping dug out the scroll and opened it. A girl rolled out. It was Tang Ruyan. “Opening the store now?” Tang Ruyan patted the dust off her clothes and stood up. Hardly had her voice faded away when she saw Yan Bingyue. Tang Ruyan was surprised to see a girl in such an embarrassing situation.

Did he...

Kidnap another one?!

Tang Ruyan turned around and stared at Su

Ping.

Yan Bingyue was just as surprised when she saw a person roll out from the scroll.

Is this... a storage item?!

Yan Bingyue was taken aback by seeing that Su Ping had such an item. It was an extremely rare item; she had barely heard about it.

Su Ping did not answer Tang Ruyan. He went to the pet room to get Joanna who was cultivating in the back.

Joanna stepped out from the nursing pen, changing her size from that of an action figure to a normal human size.

Her original body was enormous. She had used special skills to adjust her height ever since she began her life at the store.

“Do you know any skills that can seal off a person’s astral powers?” Su Ping asked.

Joanna followed Su Ping to the storefront. She saw Yan Bingyue at once and the traces of blood told Joanna what Su Ping had done again.

“Seal her astral powers?” Joanna asked.

Su Ping nodded.

“Piece of cake.”

Joanna lifted her hand. A beam of golden light came into being in her hand and changed into a special rune. She slapped the rune on Yan Bingyue’s forehead. The golden glow disappeared, leaving behind only a complicated symbol.