Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 415 Methodology from Time Immemorial

No matter how furious it was, the dragon king’s soul never said another word, too depressed to talk.

Time moved on quietly. Since he was receiving no replies, Su Ping began to look around. That world was vast and boundless. The parts that caved in because of the Golden Crow’s flames were being repaired by the dragon king’s origin force as the flames disappeared.

Bored, Su Ping sat down next to the golden cocoon. From the bond of the contract, Su Ping tried to understand what the Dark Dragon Hound was feeling right then.

The Dark Dragon Hound was in a complicated mood.

At first, the Dark Dragon Hound was afraid. Later, it began to feel comfortable and it actually enjoyed the process. But right then, the Dark Dragon Hound’s consciousness was silent as if it were soundly asleep. Su Ping didn’t try to wake up the Dark Dragon Hound in case the legacy’s transfer would fail. He was sorry that the legacy was not his, but he was somewhat relieved from his disappointment after thinking that the dog was his battle pet.

The Little Skeleton and the Inferno Dragon were both standing around the golden cocoon, observing carefully. The Inferno Dragon tried to scratch the golden cocoon with its paws but Su Ping stopped it. The Inferno Dragon then began to sniff the golden cocoon with its nose, which was much like what the Dark Dragon Hound would do.

Su Ping curled his lips. Since he was bored, Su Ping began to study the two treasures that the dragon king’s soul had given him. He fiddled with them and noticed that the old dragon king had told him only about their basic effects. He would have to try them to find out about the details. Trying the dragon horn there would be ill-considered. Su Ping decided to try it when he went to the cultivation site.

Utterly unoccupied, Su Ping thought he might just as well cultivate.

Phew! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He sat down with his legs crossed and mobilized the Chaos Star Chart inside him.

As soon as he started, Su Ping noticed that the surroundings contained profound and pure energy. If he were to compare cultivating in the world outside as a regular dinner, cultivating there could be considered a feast. What a nice feeling.

Su Ping could tell that the astral powers were moving faster and faster inside the cores of his cells. The vortices were spinning at full speed and due to the strong pull, the energy from the environment was quickly surging into him.

Su Ping lost himself to cultivation.

What was that??

Inside the golden cocoon, the dragon king’s soul was focusing on delivering the legacy. The noise outside disturbed the dragon king’s soul. As the dragon king’s soul checked, the surprise almost made the delivery go off track.

“Star Chart... This... This is a method from time immemorial!”

The dragon king’s soul was stunned speechless.

How much time had passed for it to be known as time immemorial?

No one knew. No one could remember how many eras had passed during this long time! Born in the ninth solar year of the new holy calendar, the dragon king’s soul was aware that supernatural beings were active in the universe in ancient times. Besides, there were other powerful creatures. The wise ones among those creatures would learn from the patterns seen from the movements of the stars and had thus created many Star Chart methods that had a long-lasting effect.

But as the immemorial era reached an end, those methods had also disappeared.

Later on, there was an occasional appearance of those methods. However, the fights and wars had either destroyed the methods or made them vanish.

In the era that the dragon king was alive, even the names of those methods had become a part of a myth, not to mention the actual existence of those methods in the world.

It never occurred to the dragon king that it would be able to see the ancient Star Chart methodology, right there with its own eyes.

The dragon king’s soul could “see” the energy around the young man was transforming into many stars. It was as if the young man was sitting in the universe while cultivating amongst the stars.

The absorption speed and the energy consumption was much faster than any other usual cultivation method.

He is practically robbing the energy! the dragon king’s soul thought.

The young man’s background appeared to be more and more mysterious and threatening.

Time moved on.

Absorbed in cultivation, Su Ping was unable to feel the passage of time.

He could tell that more and more energy was gathering within him. Naturally and gradually, his rank increased from the intermediate position to the upper position of the sixth rank.

He didn’t stop. He was still progressing.

When Su Ping was about to reach the seventh rank, he began to receive a sudden surge of information in his mind. That was a vast amount of information.

Distraught by this, Su Ping stopped cultivating. He tried to check carefully. To his relief, nothing had gone wrong with his cultivation. The information was coming to him from the pet contract. Boom!

Su Ping’s mind was suddenly shocked into a blank, and then he saw countless memory fragments passing by. The next moment, he felt something was happening to his body. He looked down and found that his body had turned into a dragon, and what he saw was no longer the world of the dragon’s soul, but another vast and desolate land.

There were mountains and flourishing, towering trees everywhere.

The gentle breeze gave him a pleasant feeling. Su Ping was surprised. Why was he becoming a dragon?

Because of his experience in the various cultivation sites, Su Ping was not scared by this unbelievable occurrence. He was curious. At the same time, he was trying to work out some theory of his own. Previously, the dragon king’s soul told him to summon all of his battle pets and clear up his mind.

But, since the legacy was being received by the Dark Dragon Hound, it couldn’t clear up its mind and consciousness on its own accord.

The Dark Dragon Hound couldn’t put Su Ping into any other space. In the Dark Dragon Hound’s mind, Su Ping’s place was “fixed”, as an anchor.

It seemed that the legacy was also being passed onto Su Ping from this anchor point and he was able to “be a part of it.” “Is this what my dog is experiencing?” Su Ping wondered.

Then, Su Ping felt, out of his control, how he breathed fire and unleashed many skills that were mastered by dragons. It was as if Su Ping was unleashing the skills in person. He could have a very clear understanding of the process.

Su Ping focused his mind. This was a precious chance to learn.

He couldn’t get the legacy. However, if he could pick up some dragon skills at this time, it would also be helpful to his growth.

Su Ping calmed himself down and focused his mind.

He tried to comprehend the miraculous feelings he sensed as the skills were unleashed.

In the Mysterious Realm.

In front of the dragon bone tower.

Many people were standing there, gazing at the tower.

In front of everyone was an old man, Yuan Tianchen. Several titled battle pet warriors were standing next to him. Venerable the Blade was here, as well as Wu Guansheng who had been forced to teach Su Lingyue healing skills. Lin Ziqing and Han Yuxiang were there, too.

“It has been three days since she passed the ninth dragon bone.”

“She should be receiving the legacy. Otherwise, she would have come out already.” The titled battle pet warriors watched with anticipation as well as tension.