Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 432 Demonstration of Power!

“Damn it!”

The old man in the suit pulled a long face.

The Poison Claw Dragon could use venom, and this one was at the ninth-rank. The train being under attack by such a powerful beast was an extra serious accident.

The probability of this happening was low. How unfortunate would he have to be to get involved in this accident?

Ji Zhantang’s face was also clouded. Not even he could claim that he could top this Poison Claw Dragon, not to mention when two other eighth-rank beasts were eyeing him viciously.

While the two of them were thinking, Su Ping just darted a casual glance to the Poison Claw Dragon before he gave an order to the Purple Python!

Finish it!

With this single command, the Purple Python turned around. Having eaten up the Lava Python, the Purple Python was one time larger than before. The weight gain had slowed the Purple Python down a bit, but that didn’t stop it from moving rapidly toward the Poison Claw Dragon.

Neither Ji Zhantang nor the old man in the suit could believe this.

A pet of the sixth rank was... targeting a beast of the ninth-rank?

Roar!!

The Poison Claw Dragon could sense the Purple Python’s intention. Angered, the Poison Claw Dragon roared violently. The roar was like that of a dragon’s, but at the same time, there was a freakish feeling about it that could make people’s blood freeze.

Woo!

In the distance, the Thunderhorn Dragon, which was almost on its knees, had begun to tremble, and the armor that had been formed out of bolts of lightning seemed to have started collapsing.

Also a member of a subspecies of dragons, the Thunderhorn Dragon was quite sensitive to dragon roars and could be even more afraid of dragon roars than the other beasts.

Ji Zhantang was startled. He hurried to comfort his battle pet.

At the same time, while swearing inside, the old man in the suit summoned his battle pets as well. The four were all at the eighth-rank, one of the demon family, one from a subspecies of dragons, and two of the element family. The old man in the suit had the dragon add a layer of armor over himself, and stay close to protect him. The other two battle pets of the element family were told to go back to the cabin to guard that spoiled girl. As for the demon pet, he wanted to use that to work with Ji Zhantang to stop that Poison Claw Dragon. As long as they could stall the Poison Claw Dragon, they could at least survive until reinforcements arrived.

All of a sudden, the old man in the suit noticed that young man who was standing in the distance with his back to him.

He put on a cold sneer. Whoosh!

The Netherworld Corpse Snake hissed and dashed away, as if heading toward the Poison Claw Dragon.

“Well?”

Su Ping looked back at the Netherworld Corpse Snake that was headed his way.

He had a keen sense. He could tell that the battle pet was coming at him.

He looked past the Netherworld Corpse Snake and noticed the sneer in the eyes of the old man in the suit.

Killing intent surged in Su Ping!

He didn’t move away, but he was clenching his hand into a fist.

The Netherworld Corpse Snake didn’t even try to move to the side. It was as if the Netherworld Corpse Snake were completely unable to see him.

But the moment that the Netherworld Corpse Snake was about to crush Su Ping, something instinctual told it to take a look downward. With this look, the Netherworld Corpse Snake cried in fear and tried to stop.

It had seen a pair of eyes that should belong to a monster.

Danger! Danger!

Bang!!

Su Ping waved his fist.

A loud noise was heard. At the same time, Su Ping had punched the Netherworld Corpse Snake’s stomach. Along with this terrible noise, the Netherworld Corpse Snake was smashed into a wall, and then its internal organs began to swell.

The Netherworld Corpse Snake exploded!

Flesh and blood rained down. Since Su Ping had set up an astral power shield, no blood fell on him.

Looking past that heavy veil of blood, Su Ping managed to establish eye contact with the old man in the suit.

The sneer froze on his face.

The old man in the suit stared at the rain of blood, dumbstruck.

The coldness in Su Ping’s eyes yanked him back to his senses. He could not believe this. He felt frightened, as he had felt before.

This young man... is a monster!

Whoosh! While the old man in the suit was standing there, appalled, Su Ping had dashed over. He kicked back on the roof so forcefully that a dent appeared. Like an arrow discharged, Su Ping approached the old man in the suit and punched at his head!

Bang!!

The old man in the suit built up many astral power shields, but all of them were crushed under Su Ping’s punch.

The old man in the suit witnessed how all the armors fell into pieces before his head and upper body were smashed into pieces!

The dragon that was staying with the old man in the suit didn’t even have enough time to react. The miserable death of its master told the dragon what had happened. There was still some remnant emotional connection maintained by the contract. Out of instinct, the dragon cried and was about to avenge its master.

But Su Ping turned around and looked at the dragon. That pair of eyes devoid of all feeling made the dragon’s blood freeze.

The angry cry was stuck in the dragon’s throat, and the pet was unable to move even one bit.

nove RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Soon, the last trace of the contract disappeared. The dragon seemed confused. Why was I here?

Where am I?

What am I?

What monster is this?!

Having deterred the dragon, Su Ping did not go on and kill it. The battle pet had made no mistake. The only error the dragon had made was to follow the wrong master who was not only too stupid, but also weak.

Killing the Netherworld Corpse Snake and the old man in the suit happened all within one second.

In the distance, Ji Zhantang had heard the noise. He turned around, just in time to see how Su Ping killed the old man in the suit. Astounded, Ji Zhantang opened his eyes wide and let his jaw hang.

The old man in the suit died?

Killed by the young man with one punch?!

The old man in the suit was at the eighth-rank!

Ji Zhantang was unable to utter a single word. He knew that Su Ping was a battle pet warrior, but he had not sensed a strong presence of astral power in him, who was very young. He never regarded Su Ping as some strong battle pet warrior. However, it turned out that this young man had been hiding his power all along. He had killed the old man in the suit with one punch. Whatever the reason, the point was that the young man was a freak!

Roar!!

All of a sudden, Ji Zhantang heard a growl.

He turned around, remembering that the Poison Claw Dragon was still there. A cold sweat broke out. He could not believe he had gotten distracted. As he took a look, again, he was dumbfounded. The Poison Claw Dragon was being entangled by the Purple Python!

Strangled, the Poison Claw Dragon was shouting in pain!!

Ji Zhantang couldn’t wrap his head around this.

The Poison Claw Dragon was of the ninth-rank and should be better than the Purple Python whether regarding bloodline or cultivation rank. Why would the Poison Claw Dragon cry so miserably?

Ji Zhantang wondered if his eyes were fooling him.

Then, the Poison Claw Dragon’s bones began to crack. Its sharp claws broke and its flesh was torn, spilling out green blood.

The Poison Claw Dragon was trying to tear open the Purple Python, but the latter’s scales were as hard as steel. The former was unable to hurt the battle pet.

Crack, crack!

Crack, crack, crack!

The noise echoed and lingered in the tunnel.

That was brutal!

The Purple Python tightened its hold bit by bit, and gradually, the Poison Claw Dragon couldn’t even make a noise. More and more green blood oozed out. Soon enough, the Poison Claw Dragon stopped breathing.

Afterward, the Purple Python bit the dragon’s head and then swallowed it up bit by bit.

In an instant, the Poison Claw Dragon that was over twenty meters long had lost half of its body.

The Lava Python had already been digested in this short span of time. The Purple Python’s digestive power was stronger than anyone could imagine. The beasts that were at the Purple Python’s rank would disappear immediately if they were in the Purple Python’s stomach.

Soon after, the Purple Python had eaten up the entire Poison Claw Dragon.

The huge Purple Python coiled up on the ground, sticking its tongue out. The pet then cast its sight on the eighth-rank beasts in the distance.

The eighth-rank beasts shuddered. They cried as they turned tail and left. Some of them made holes in the walls, and some snuck deeper underground. In an instant, all of them had disappeared.

They were all beasts of the stone family. The underground tunnel to the beasts was like water to fish.

Su Ping didn’t order the Purple Python to go after the beasts. There would always be more. Cleaning up the beasts should be the job of the working staff of the train. That was their responsibility.

Su Ping told the Purple Python to return.

The Purple Python soon arrived in front of Su Ping. The Purple Python dangled its body down to the railway while raising its head. Su Ping patted its head as praise.

Ji Zhantang found no words.

He didn’t know that this incredible Purple Python was Su Ping’s battle pet.

This was a battle pet that could strangle a ninth-rank Poison Claw Dragon to death!

That was to say, this young man had an ability that should be a match to his battle pets!

While Ji Zhantang was still standing there, confused, someone came from the end of the tunnel.

It was a man who was flying over. A titled battle pet warrior!