Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 456 Evolution

Su Ping chose one of the demon family. He was very much interested in such a beast, one that could be on a par with dragons.

The Vice Chairman was not surprised after seeing that Su Ping went with the beast of the demon family. The confidence Su Ping exhibited along the way had already convinced him that Su Ping was a master trainer.

The Vice Chairman believed that the next test was a mere formality and should not be a problem for Su Ping.

After all, Su Ping was a trainer who could help a Moonfrost Dragon progress by leaps and bounds. He was more than an adequate master trainer. If the Vice Chairman had known how long it took Su Ping to train the Moonfrost Dragon, he could even calculate how far Su Ping was from becoming a top trainer. Soon, the Vice Chairman had had the beast of the demon family delivered.

This was a seventh-rank Bloodmist Spirit!

This beast was skilled at spiritual attacks but weak in physical attacks. The Bloodmist Spirit could construct illusions, attack other spirits, and their specialty skill, which was Spirit Possession. The Bloodmist Spirit could invade another beast and cannibalize the beast’s spirit.

That was quite a tricky one to tackle, amongst all of the seventh-rank beasts.

On the other hand, Bloodmist Spirits had many natural enemies, for example, beasts of the thunder family, the divinity family and dragons with proficiency to use demon or divine skills.

Hiss!

The Bloodmist Spirit began to make threatening gestures the second it was released.

It was massive, but it didn’t have a visible lower body. There was only a large and hideous head with a sphere of blood-red mist above it, which cascaded down like a cape. There were some weird limbs under the head.

It was rumored that this species had evolved from the foul breath exhaled by the Abyss Demon King. That statement had been passed down by the Federation and no one was able to verify the specifics. However, the story was still included in the Illustrated Blood of Astral Pets on the Blue Planet.

The onlookers were not worried about the off chance that the beast would lose control, with Fire Lord and Lone Star here. They stayed behind and observed quietly.

To the center of the room was a seal which only enclosed Su Ping and the Bloodmist Spirit inside.

To be in the same cage with a monster.

Except that Su Ping was the monster, not the Bloodmist Spirit.

Roar!

The Bloodmist Spirit bellowed as it charged toward Su Ping.

Su Ping darted an indifferent glance at the Bloodmist Spirit and revealed a small part of his Force Field. Pouring out from the Force Field was such coldness and ferocity that the entire area inside the seal was full of a pungent smell of blood.

The formerly vicious Bloodmist Spirit came to a sudden halt; fear appeared on its ugly and twisted face.

The pervading smell made the beast feel that it was facing the deepest fears in its heart.

Outside the seal, the onlookers were so shocked that they couldn’t utter a single word.

Trainers would usually have to employ taming skills to contain such a barbaric beast. However, Su Ping didn’t do anything more than showing his energy and he successfully tamed the beast.

Tongtong and Zhenxiang remembered the Carrion Dark Dragon, then they understood that Su Ping was the reason for the sudden change in the other creature’s behavior. Tongtong and Zhenxiang watched more attentively, trying to figure out how Su Ping would pass the seventh-rank test.

They were stuck at this test. Perhaps they would get inspired by him.

Having deterred the Bloodmist Spirit, Su Ping stepped over calmly and placed his hand on its head.

No more trace of fierceness could be seen on the Bloodmist Spirit’s face. The only expression was fear. The Bloodmist Spirit’s body mass twitched and the mist was also trembling.

Su Ping had decided to do things the simple way: to impart the elementary rules of thunder.

To make the Bloodmist Spirit master new skills from the rules of thunder could also be regarded as passing the test

Su Ping invaded the Bloodmist Spirit’s mind with his spirit and probed around without scruple. Su Ping immediately found that fearful consciousness.

Su Ping gazed at the Bloodmist Spirit as he sorted out a part of the elementary rules of thunder and imparted that section to the Bloodmist Spirit.

The fear in the Bloodmist Spirit’s eyes turned into a dull look.

Since the Bloodmist Spirit was unable to fight back, it would have to accept what Su Ping was passing on. A large amount of information oozed into its mind. As it received this information, the Bloodmist Spirit saw something it was afraid of, bolts of lightning! The divine thunder could force back and expel all that was evil and the Bloodmist Spirit should be counted in the list. However, at the moment, the Bloodmist Spirit surely was in close contact with the source of lightning and thunder!

The Bloodmist Spirit felt it was surrounded by countless bolts of lightning.

It had become part of the lightning.

Fear, dread, and terror... and integration!

Hiss!!

The Bloodmist Spirit suddenly let out a shrill and loud cry.

The onlookers standing outside the seal were startled. Did anything go wrong?

What happened next stupefied them all.

The Bloodmist Spirit which had its head under Su Ping’s hand suddenly produced a thick bloody mist which erupted all over its body. The mist was shaking rapidly, growing and expanding quickly, as if it were going to run wild!

But then a crackling sound came from within the blood mist!

Lightning flashed!

Lightning and thunder rumbled in the scarlet blood fog, like a storm brewing!

And the ugly grimacing face of the Bloodmist Spirit was also submerged by the boiling blood mist, and its body expanded several times, turning into a blood-colored thundercloud.

“Is this...”

The Vice Chairman was taken aback.

Master Bai, who was standing next to the Vice Chairman, turned pale all of a sudden.

Was this a sign of evolution?!

The high-pitched scream became harsher and louder. The blood mist with bolts of lightning inside was pounding like a powerful heart, rapidly contracting and swelling, and the shrill cry gradually turned into a low voice, or turned into the voice of a completely different creature, to be exact. Whoosh!

Two enormous arms grew out from the blood mist!

They were two extremely sturdy arms with blood vessels visible on them. In addition, there were some dark lines etched on the arms, which resembled bolts of lightning. The blood mist retracted fast, revealing the Bloodmist Spirit’s face.

That was a different look from before! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The many twisted limbs hanging under the head were gone, merging into two sturdy arms.

The lower body of the Bloodmist Spirit had become a tail formed with blood mist. The tail was like a flame pulled towards the ground by gravity.

The ugly face had grown wider. The hideousness of that face had been replaced with a more majestic look! There were flashes of lighting visible amid the sphere of blood mist, which was practically the Bloodmist Spirit’s head!

An entirely new Bloodmist Spirit was standing in front of Su Ping.

No one said a word.

The Bloodmist Spirit had evolved... after such a short time!

That evolution was something that no one had ever seen before!! What did Su Ping do?!

All they could see was that Su Ping placed his hand on the Bloodmist Spirit. He didn’t use any known skills and yet was able to do something they could have never expected!

Evolution!

This was evolution!

That was not some low-life beast, but a seventh-rank beast. Less than fifteen minutes had passed, starting from the moment that Su Ping placed his hand on the Bloodmist Spirit, to the moment it evolved!

He raised his hand and a beast evolved!

What was that?!

It was so shocking that not even the Vice Chairman nor Master Bai could believe it, the two top trainers of the association. To make an advanced battle pet evolve was something that only top trainers would be able to do!

However, Su Ping had used that skill at a seventh-rank test.

Besides, the evolution process happened much faster than ever before!

To begin with, Vice Chairman and Master Bai would need at least half a month to prepare for stimulating an evolution. Neither of them could have done it like Su Ping!

Ding Fengchun had a completely transfixed expression as he stood behind them.

He had been a master trainer for over twenty years and he had not been able to progress further. He was recently trying to inspire an advanced battle pet to evolve by combining the power of thunder in the training.

He was still experimenting at the moment.

But Su Ping was already able to do it, and with such ease!

Master trainer?

No! Su Ping should be a top trainer!!

Ding Fengchun felt all of his strength had been sucked out. He could not stop his body from shaking.

A titled battle pet warrior... and a top trainer!

What is he anyway?

All the trainers standing there had been stunned speechless.

Fire Lord and Lone Star were just as dumbfounded as anyone else.

They were battle pet warriors, not trainers. That being said, they had been around trainers long enough to know what they were able to

do.

Both of them had been working at the headquarters for a long time and they would chat with Vice Chairman and Master Bai. Fire Lord and Lone Star did have some understanding of training skills.

To make an advanced battle pet evolve was a skill that one could only master after becoming a top trainer!

Of course, some outstanding master trainers could also do it, but it would take... way too

long.

At least three to five years!

Time was an important indicator in the evaluation of a training skill’s value. That was especially true for trainers at the same level.

If it took you three years to do what others could accomplish in three months, you would be deemed as too weak.

If time was not an issue, even some sixth-rank trainers could make an advanced battle pet evolve as long as the trainer took care of the battle pet since its infancy, providing guidance throughout a long time.

But that could go up to more than a decade!

By the time the battle pet did evolve, it would be too late.