Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 513 Hunting Down the Otherworld Heavenly King

“Damn you. Get off!”

Roar!!

The Otherworld Heavenly King roared due to the pain and Su Ping’s killing intent. Its receptacle grew in size, then it let out an ear splitting cry. The cry was one that could only be heard in the underworld, one that could take away a person’s soul. The wild beasts that were running wild on the battleground were stunned by that cry. Some wild beasts, after they came back to their senses, crouched and shivered in fear.

Some wild beasts that were closer to the Heavenly King were scared into incontinence

The battle pet warriors standing on the outer wall weren’t any better. They were weak in the knees and their faces were devoid of color. They felt they had seen unimaginable horrors. Even their spirits were affected; no morale was left. Just fear.

Those who were less bold were scared to death on the spot. That was the power of the Otherworld Heavenly King.

And yet, Su Ping—the major target of the Heavenly King of Otherworld—was not affected at all. The rage in Su Ping’s eyes became even more prominent. He turned a deaf ear to that cry.

Apart from deterrence, the cry could cause physical damage, but the white bones over Su Ping had protected him against that harm.

Pff!

Su Ping continued to yank open the mouth with grossly offensive features, revealing the tongues and throat hiding behind the fangs.

He lifted his foot and stomped the throat!

Bang!

The Heavenly King trembled. Su Ping stomped on the pistil with so much force that even the ground cracked.

“This cannot be!!”

The Otherworld Heavenly King could not believe that the young man could ignore its killing intent. What is he? A machine?

It was terrified by Su Ping’s strength, and wondered for a moment if it should escape.

The very thought made it even angrier. How could a beast king be afraid of a human at the seventh-rank?

Intolerable!

Bang!

The ground cracked. The Heavenly King used more blood mist to manipulate the sword to fight against Su Ping.

It wielded the sword like a human being, thanks to a strange skill learned in a secret land.

The sword carried a force that could leave a black mark in the air; the space near the slashed area became broken and chaotic. Even a beast king at the Void State could be hurt by this chaotic air after coming close to that space. A beast king of the Ocean State would have died in an instant!

Still Su Ping was unaffected in that chaos. All the air blades charging toward him from all directions would bounce off, thanks to the white bones that had formed an invincible armor for him!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Su Ping punched out and the Fist of Exorcist smashed all the beams of light from the sword.

He stepped forward, closer and closer to the Heavenly King. He held no weapon; he directly grabbed the Heavenly King and began to tear it apart with force.

“You are doomed! Doomed!” the Otherworld Heavenly King shouted. It had never been so angry before, not even when it had to deal with that thing with two heads. The Heavenly King waved its vines, trying to fend off the strikes; it was stalling, waiting. It had never been good at face-to-face combat, but it definitely could last longer. The more time it had, the more harm the blood mist could do. This attack could even corrode a creature at the peak of the Fate State so badly that even such a creature would collapse after the first blow!

Clang! Clang!

Su Ping blasted away the vines with punches and kicks, then dashed toward the flower, ripping many petals.

He had never used the Fist of Exorcist with such force. He punched with ease thanks to the surging strength inside him, like never before. He had gained a more thorough understanding of the skill.

Boom!!

He threw a punch that even made the air produce a shrill cry.

The Heavenly King gave a start; something was hinting a taste of death.

How?

The mighty beast king growled and tried hard to fight back but a hole appeared on its pistil the next second. The gushing blood indicated that it had been severely mauled!

It was half dead with fright. This human is merely at the seventh-rank. How could he have hurt me?

This human must go! The Otherworld Heavenly King was determined. The most confusing matter was seeing Su Ping unaffected. Why hasn’t he shown any sign of weakening after staying in the blood mist for so long? If it were another beast king at the Fate State, its strength would have already decreased several times.

A beast king at the Void State would have been rotten by then! The Heavenly King soon realized that the blood mist was unable to penetrate the incredible white bones. They were immune to the blood mist!

The ability the Otherworld Heavenly King prided itself to have was ineffective?!

What is that skeleton?

After the initial stage of shock, the Heavenly King gained a clear idea of the current situation and pushed down its anger. That was not the time to save its strength anymore. While the flower kept Su Ping occupied, the Heavenly King tore apart space and vanished on the spot.

Whoosh!

The Heavenly King reappeared among a group of wild beasts thousands of meters away.

The blood mist corroded the startled beasts even before they could crouch in fear, becoming nourishment for the blood mist.

It did not stop, teleporting several times to flee without caring about the beasts that died in the process.

Those wild beasts were nothing but food; they weren’t even the tasty ones. Still, the Heavenly King didn’t mind at all.

After several rounds of teleportation, the Heavenly King managed to return where the massive lotus was in the battlefield. That lotus was its external form; it dashed over and merged with the lotus at once.

Boom!

A strand of outstanding energy swept across the battlefield.

The actual Heavenly King of Otherworld was back!

That overwhelming energy lingered. Both the wild beasts and the battle pet warriors were alerted by that energy. Appalled, they stared at that huge and terrifying figure in the battlefield. Is that the true Otherworld Heavenly King?

Su Ping felt overwhelmed by the energy but he didn’t back down. That pressure was nothing when compared to the energy of the Celestial Gods in the Demigod Burial!

So weak!

Still, such a weak being had killed the Inferno Dragon!

“Die!!” Su Ping shouted. He dashed forward, producing a sharp noise because of the fast

speed.

Without knowing, Su Ping had started to teleport and sprint. It was as if he were skipping around in the air. No one could believe what they were seeing.

The Heavenly King was growling as well. The beam of crimson light coming out from its single eye carried a force able to break everything Bang! That beam of light crossed the battlefield and struck Su Ping.

That force made Su Ping feel pain.

The pressure made Su Ping all the more violent. He shouted as he punched out with all of his might. A magnificent creature was emerging in the Force Field. Although vague, one could still see that blood-boned figure sitting on an ancient throne. The moment Su Ping lifted his fist, that magnificent figure lifted its fist as well! Buzzing, buzzing!

Heaven and the earth were shaking. The air was boiling. The impact was too much to handle!

Su Ping’s fist and the fist of the magnificent skeleton instantly merged into one. Silence prevailed at that moment. A never before seen virtual fist-which was larger than usualpushed forward!

That beam of crimson light turned into smoke and ashes. That massive fist carried tremendous force, enveloping the enormous Heavenly King

“This cannot be!!” the Heavenly King shouted. This time, it was terrifying!

What is that thing?

It tried to use space skills right away. In the meantime, the ground was rippling like a carpet as the attack moved toward the target.

Boom!!

The earthen wall cracked. That was the Heavenly King’s defensive skill, but it didn’t last for even an instant. As the wall collapsed, the many space barriers that the Heavenly King had constructed were blasted into many pieces that danced around in the air!

The beast’s eye contracted. Once again, it resorted to space skills.

Space Folding!

Boom!

Folded space hid the huge Heavenly King, Su Ping punched again in that second. The folded space broke and the Heavenly King was forced

out!

The leading beast king once again appeared in the battlefield. Heavily mauled, the Heavenly King fell to the ground. The ground quaked and even the outer wall could feel the tremor! Su Ping moved in closer and closer.

The great beast king was deep in a pit. The petals were tattered and blood covered them. That one punch had completely injured the Heavenly King!

Run!

The Otherworld Heavenly King felt anger and grief. It glared at Su Ping, the crazy demon who was moving in closer, and felt its heart racing. This human is a freak. The Heavenly King was wondering if something was wrong about the rank of that human being. Who could explain why a seventh-rank could do this?!

The Heavenly King’s body contracted. Then it traveled more than ten thousand meters in an instant.

Su Ping gave chase.

No one could believe that. Su Ping had almost defeated the Otherworld Heavenly King!

He had gained the upper hand against one of the four Heavenly Kings!

That was beyond reason and logic!

Many battle pet warriors from other base cities cried out in joy after they came back to their senses. Everyone on the outer wall was shouting with joy.

They could certainly take care of the wild beasts while the Otherworld Heavenly King was away. The Heavenly King was the most frightening of all, the horror for all.

Mu Beihai could not believe this. He didn’t join the celebration because what had happened felt too surreal.

That was the Otherworld Heavenly King! Su Ping was chasing the Heavenly King! How surreal to see that. “You cannot run!!”

The Heavenly King was trying to get away but Su Ping would not allow it; he had not avenged the Inferno Dragon yet. He had to honor his pet with the blood of the Heavenly King!

Whoosh!

Su Ping was rushing forward, teleporting across space. He was in pain, as if something were tearing him apart. He felt how the strength inside him was being drained!

That strange state could not last long. Su Ping was losing his mind. Once the strength was gone, whether he liked it or not, he would no longer be able to fight against the Heavenly King.

“Stop right there!!” Su Ping roared.

The Heavenly King was irritated. Still, it kept on running at the top of its speed. It didn’t have to waste time with that freaky human being. Also, it didn’t know if there were others like Su Ping in the Longjiang Base City which, after all, was a special place.

The Heavenly King of Otherworld ran like hell.

It used Teleportation, Space Folding and Otherworld Illusion, to name some.

It used many skills in a row.

A creature at the Fate State would be able to teleport across a large distance, reaching over ten thousand meters in one go. Some beasts below the king level can only teleport dozens of meters. Either way, teleportation is a skill that could utterly change the situation and could facilitate assassinations.

While the Heavenly King ran, it was creating many troubles for himself, such as swirls that could suck Su Ping in. Su Ping broke the swirls with his fist. The illusion that the Heavenly King had constructed was dispersed by Su Ping’s roar.

Su Ping’s eyes reddened.

He continued to chase down the Heavenly King of the Otherworld.

The Heavenly King had left the gathering point of the wild beasts. It rapidly moved, until both were outside the territory of the base city.

The Otherworld Heavenly King was surprised and furious to see that the lunatic was still on its tail. That lunatic was even ignoring the wild beasts just to chase it down.

No kidding!

After all, it was a warrior at the Fate State. No way could Su Ping catch up with it!

Still, the Heavenly King realized that the obstacles it created for Su Ping didn’t work; that guy continued rushing after it, regardless of the barriers.

“No shit. He won’t catch up with me, will he?”

The Heavenly King ran with faster speed, and to do that, it would have to abandon some of its limbs. Loud noises resounded as pieces of its limbs fell to the ground. Those limbs could be regenerated, but they were only liabilities for the moment. The Heavenly King had also absorbed the strength of the limbs as well.

The Heavenly King of Otherworld gained more speed as it abandoned more limbs.

Su Ping felt he was reaching his limit.

Was he?

The Heavenly King was just ahead of him. He couldn’t give up!

Roar!!

A demon heard the calling from the Force Field behind him. It stopped floating around in the Force Field, then it reached out with its sharp claws, and grabbed Su Ping.

The demon wrapped itself around Su Ping.

Boom!

Su Ping managed to shorten the distance between him and the Heavenly King again with another increase of speed.

The Heavenly King had just caught a breath when it felt Su Ping approaching. Seriously? Has he not reached his limit yet?

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two of them ran crazily in the wild, one chasing the other.

The Heavenly King re-appeared by using Teleportation every now and then, leaving behind a massive pit on the ground every time it did.

After an indeterminate period of time, the Otherworld Heavenly King saw a body of water in front of them.

The ocean?

It never occurred to the Heavenly King that the pursuit would take a long period since it had been forced to travel to a far off distance! “Go to hell!!!”

The Heavenly King heard that shout. Su Ping went after it like a bullet. Blood was gushing out from Su Ping. That tearing pain was too much, so much that even a beast king would have passed out. The Otherworld Heavenly King turned on its heel in astonishment and hurried to confine the space. Boom!

Su Ping bumped into something which slowed him down. Still, he sped up again, and soon went after it through the confined space.

“Go to hell!” Su Ping shouted.

The majestic virtual figure behind him punched out at the same time Su Ping did.

Bang!!

The Heavenly King of the Otherworld used its roots and vines to fend off the strike, and yet all the vines and roots were smashed, pouring out blood. The impact took the Otherworld Heavenly King directly to the ocean. Blood tainted the water red.

The Heavenly King was furious for having ended in such an embarrassing state. “Don’t ever think I cannot defeat you. You are out of your mind for trying to kill me!”

Su Ping shouted as a reply and then stepped forward to throw another punch.

The Divine Energy from the punch overwhelmed the Heavenly King. With a boom, that massive lotus burst into pieces. Still, a blood-red flower flew out from the remains, which was the original form of the Otherworld Heavenly King. The lotus pieces fell into the ocean, stirring up waves and turning the ocean red with the blood.

“@#¥..”

Furiously and painfully, the Heavenly King hurled out a serving of verbal abuse.

It had taken more than a thousand years to build up that lotus body and Su Ping had destroyed it!

While the Heavenly King of Otherworld was on the verge of losing its mind, it chose not to continue that fight with Su Ping. The other Heavenly Kings would soon give chase if they knew it was in such a state. It continued with the escape efforts after suppressing its anger, believing that Su Ping would give up at some point. On the off chance that he wouldn’t relent, the Heavenly King had decided to lure the human to some perilous location to end his life.

Su Ping stared at the blood-red flower that had freed itself from that huge lotus body. He was about to land another punch... However, weariness suddenly overpowered him as soon as he lifted his fist. Blood was oozing from his ears and mouth; even his sight had been tainted red.

The Heavenly King teleported again while he paused for a second.

Su Ping summoned up the strength but he merely moved for a few hundred meters before he coughed out blood.

The white bones were trembling. Some of them began to fall off.

Su Ping noticed that the strength inside him was fading.

No, not now!

Su Ping screamed. He needed the strength for revenge!

Against his will, the strength ebbed away. He could no longer see the Otherworld Heavenly King. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Su Ping was petrified with a sorrowful expression, realizing that he was no longer able to continue the fight. He summoned the Purple Python and had it take him away, just in case the Heavenly King noticed his weakness and decided to return for him.

He had to live, at least until he exacted revenge. Wherever the Heavenly King went, he would find it and kill it. That was his goal!