Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 519 Legend Pluto

“Legend Abyssal Ocean, that legendary battle pet warrior is here.”

The middle-aged man stopped at a distance and bowed to the old man sitting under the tree.

The old man seemed to be enjoying himself. He darted a glance at Qin Duhuang. He had sensed Qin Duhuang’s presence as the middle-aged man reported to him.

An unfamiliar legendary battle pet warrior.

A new guy.

“How should I address you?” Legend Abyssal Ocean asked.

Qin Duhuang could tell that the old man was not a friendly character. “I am Qin Duhuang from the Longjiang Base City,” he answered without hesitation.

“The Qin family from the Longjiang Base City?” Legend Abyssal Ocean nodded. “And how is Qin Tianshan related to you?”

“Do you know my third Great Grandpa?”

“Third Great Grandpa?” Legend Abyssal Ocean cast a glance at Qin Duhuang. “I got to know him when I was a titled battle pet warrior. I’m very sorry about his passing, and very glad to see talent in his offspring.”

Qin Duhuang tried hard; eventually, he could only find a few words to say, “It is my honor to meet you, sir.”

He had to be humble.

That old man had just claimed he knew Qin Tianshan at the beginning of the conversation, and he was way more powerful than Qin Duhuang

Qin Duhuang didn’t know that he would still experience being belittled after he reached the legendary rank.

He felt sorry for himself; he had become a legendary rank too late. He should be counted as one of the weak ones when compared to the other legendary battle pet warriors.

“Brother Qin, you’re too humble. You’re now at the legendary rank; we should be viewed as equals here.” Legend Abyssal Ocean smiled. But that didn’t mean what he said earlier was of no use. He was cautioning Qin Duhuang, in case he would show an overweening attitude after finally being liberated from the titled rank.

Qin Duhuang nodded. “If so, I will address you as Legend Abyssal Ocean.”

“Of course.”

Legend Abyssal Ocean nodded. “Come over and have a seat.”

That was only meant for Qin Duhuang. As for Su Ping and Xie Jinshui, Legend Abyssal Ocean never cared to give them a single glance. They weren’t at the legendary rank and should not be of his concern. “Legend Abyssal Ocean, sir.” Su Ping didn’t get mad, even if he was ignored. “I’m Su Ping from the Longjiang Base City. I heard that I can find the Soul Nurturer here. Sir, could you please tell me where I can get it? I’m willing to trade with treasures or anything else that I have.”

“What?”

Legend Abyssal Ocean frowned. “Is he your servant?” he asked Qin Duhuang.

Qin Duhuang knew that Legend Abyssal Ocean must have misunderstood their standing. “I do not dare to make him my servant. Legend Abyssal Ocean, you’re not aware of this but Mr. Su is my savior. Mr. Su is not at the legendary rank, but he’s more powerful than many legendary battle pet warriors. I, for one, cannot defeat him.”

He knew that power was everything, so he directly pointed that out on Su Ping’s behalf.

“Are you kidding me?” Legend Abyssal Ocean sounded unhappy, “Brother Qin, you sound deranged. You have just reached the legendary rank and there are things you do not know. You’re lucky that you’ve only said those words to me. I won’t mind the joke for the sake of Brother Tianshan, but other legendary battle pet warriors would have scolded you!”

Qin Duhuang’s face was a bit cloudy. He had not said those words impulsively. He had spoken after careful deliberation.

He was convinced that Su Ping indeed was more powerful than a lot of legendary battle pet warriors.

Which legendary battle pet warrior could have defeated the Otherworld Heavenly King alone?

If they could, the Tower would have sent a legendary battle pet warrior to the Longjiang Base City.

Legend Abyssal Ocean snorted.

He didn’t like Qin Duhuang, who was sitting by him at the moment.

How could a legendary battle pet warrior be so short-sighted?

Surpassing many legendary battle pet warriors?

He could tell right away that Su Ping was not one of them.

A titled battle pet warrior at the peak with a strong background and outstanding talents could surpass legendary battle pet warriors, but just weak ones like Qin Duhuang. The usual was, after some practice and having replaced all the original battle pets with beast kings, legendary warriors could unleash a power that people could hardly imagine!

Legend Abyssal Ocean was a case in point.

If he wanted, he could kill Qin Duhuang right away!

He had not reached the Void State but seven of his battle pets were beast kings. He didn’t have to do it himself. His battle pets alone could have crushed Qin Duhuang.

After all, a new legendary ranker wouldn’t have too many beast king pets.

“There are three states of the legendary rank and Brother Qin, you will find out that the three states are quite different. The powerful legendary battle pet warriors can easily finish us and the weak ones cannot even defeat those at the peak of the titled rank.” Of course, by the weak ones, he meant Qin Duhuang. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the Tower, no other legendary battle pet warriors could be that weak.

Except for the new ones.

Those at the peak of the titled rank that could defeat a legendary battle pet warrior awfully rare. The world could only see such a person emerge every few hundred years.

“He can defeat you?” Legend Abyssal Ocean asked Qin Duhuang.

Qin Duhuang nodded. He was at the legendary rank but he was still fully aware that he was not a match for Su Ping. The most powerful reliance he had was the Storm Scorpion; this pet... he had bought it from Su Ping.

He could only imagine how powerful Su Ping’s pets were if he was willing to sell beast kings.

Legend Abyssal Ocean raised his eyebrows. He could not help but cast another look at Su Ping. Fate Challengers were few. Getting to see one was surprising.

“The Soul Nurturer you asked for belongs to Legend Pluto. That thing has no function other than making a lingering soul last longer. If you want it, go and ask Legend Pluto,” Legend Abyssal Ocean answered indifferently. “Where is Legend Pluto?”

“How should I know?”

Xie Jinshui explained to Su Ping, “Mr. Su, I know where to find Legend Pluto. However, he’s from another continent and he has never liked people from our Subcontinent District. I’m afraid he is not going to accept the trade.” “Let’s find out.”

A glint of coldness rose in Su Ping’s eyes.

If a trade was off the table, he would snatch it!

Legend Abyssal Ocean shook his head. “You know what? I’ll take you there for the sake of Brother Qin. The guy Pluto is probably at the Nightfall Mountain; they’re having a good time there.”

“Nightfall Mountain?” Qin Duhuang had never heard about it before.

Legend Abyssal Ocean didn’t explain. He just said to the python, “Do continue the count. Finish it before I come back and make no mistakes. You’ll get one lightning bolt as punishment for each mistake.”

The python sounded unhappy. “That is... hard...”

The python didn’t speak fluently, but it was indeed able to speak.

It wasn’t rare to find beast kings able to speak the human language. But Qin Duhuang was still curious. “Is it counting the leaves? Is this some sort of training?”

“Yes.” Legend Abyssal Ocean nodded. “It is talking slowly but it is quite smart. It just won No.7 at the counting match,” he proudly claimed.

The counting match? Qin Duhuang and Xie Jinshui were baffled. As they walked out, Legend Abyssal Ocean explained, “Brother Qin, do you have a beast king? If so, have your pet compete in the game. You’ve come at a perfect time.” “I have one... a beast king.” Qin Duhuang was still full of questions. “Do you mean the counting match? What... is the point of that?”

Legend Abyssal Ocean laughed, “You don’t know this. The competitions below the legendary rank are all very boring. They only make the battle pets fight. That can waste a lot of time and energy, not to mention that you can easily destroy a place. It isn’t friendly. “But a competition without battles is far removed from that. Take the counting match as an example. It is a match to see whose pet can count faster! Isn’t that interesting? It has its own meaning. These types of matches are aimed to find which pet has a faster reaction. When we pick battle pets, combat strength is no longer the priority for us legendary battle pet warriors. Power of understanding is!

“The higher the power of understanding is, the more likely the pet can learn new skills and even talent skills. As such, combat strength can

rise!

“On the other hand, the ones with high combat strength but low power of understanding are just foolish creatures. They don’t have much potential.”

Qin Duhuang did understand the answer but he was still wondering what was so interesting about it.

Xie Jinshui was displeased but he said nothing.

Su Ping didn’t even listen to the explanation. He just wanted to find Legend Pluto and get the Soul Nurturer.

Soon, they left Legend Abyssal Ocean’s palace

Qin Duhuang flew alongside Legend Abyssal Ocean.

Su Ping and Xie Jinshui followed them.

They flew past many floating palaces; a mountain leaped into their sight soon after. In the air, rivers were flowing around the mountain, also hovering in the air. It was as if gravity didn’t exist.

Many powerful beings were on that mountain.

Qin Duhuang turned pale even before they got close. He noticed the presence of many legendary battle pet warriors; he could also sense people who made him shudder with fear. Are they legendary battle pet warriors as well?

They arrived at the peak.

The place was bustling with noise. Apart from legendary battle pet warriors, there were some titled servants tending to their needs.

Many legendary battle pet warriors were sitting or lying on some lotus pedestals.

There were rare fruits on the tables. Some legendary battle pet warriors were embracing pretty ladies. Those ladies who also were at the titled rank leaned in their arms and fed them peeled fruits.

In front of them, two massive beasts were crouching in front of a tablet on which a simple math problem was written.

Two beast kings that could threaten a base city were trying to solve the problem...

Su Ping, Xie Jinshui, and Qin Duhuang were completely stunned.

They didn’t expect to see so many legendary battle pet warriors there, least of all doing something so boring. This could show their pets’ power of understanding?

All of a sudden, a flood of rage seized him.