Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 520 Vermin

“Legend Abyssal Ocean is here. And this is?”

The legendary battle pet warriors immediately noticed Legend Abyssal Ocean’s arrival. They greeted him and expressed their curiosity about Qin Duhuang.

As for Su Ping and Xie Jinshui, they had been outright ignored since they weren’t legendary battle pet warriors. “This is Brother Qin. He’s here to report for duty,” Legend Abyssal Ocean introduced Qin Duhuang to the ones he was most familiar with and had thus officially introduced him to the Tower. He pointed at a man and turned to look at Su Ping.

“That is Legend Pluto of the Nordic continent. Be respectful. Legend Pluto is not your average legendary battle pet warrior. I don’t think you’d understand... To simplify things for you, he can easily finish average battle pet warriors. Not even one hundred people at the peak of the titled rank can hurt him... What?”

Suddenly, he noticed a different expression on Su Ping’s face.

Qin Duhuang and Xie Jinshui felt the difference as well, because a strand of potent killing intent was oozing out from Su Ping.

That killing intent had startled the both of them.

Since Su Ping was not trying to hide it, the legendary battle pet warriors present had certainly felt it, and so did the titled rank servants.

Who’s the person that is blatantly displaying this much anger?

The titled battle pet warriors were surprised to find that the furious person was Su Ping, who wasn’t at the legendary rank yet. How dare he?

The legendary battle pet warriors frowned, certainly displeased.

Whose servant is that? How rude.

The two beast kings that were still figuring out the math problem were also alerted by the killing intent.

As for their masters, they noticed that their battle pets had been disturbed. They eyed Su Ping with hostility.

“It’s him!”

In the crowd, a middle-aged legendary battle pet warrior recognized Su Ping. They had met during the Supremacy League. That middle-aged man was Legend North King. He didn’t expect to see Su Ping there. He wasn’t at the legendary rank. What is he doing here?

Legend North King had not forgotten about Su Ping’s performance at the Supremacy League yet. But that was the Tower, not some competition venue. Su Ping didn’t have the chance to apologize and pretended that the killing intent had never been his own.

“Is this what you’ve been busy with?” Su Ping glanced at the crowd, clenching his fists.

When Xie Jinshui had gone there to ask for help, he was told that the legendary battle pet warriors were not available.

During the Supremacy League, Legend North King had told Su Ping that they were in dire need of more hands and that the Deep Caves were in sore need of more legendary battle pet warriors.

He could hardly believe what he was seeing there.

There had to be at least a dozen legendary battle pet warriors present!

But they were just drinking, merrymaking, and watching their pets doing math problems!

This is what they meant by being busy or in need?!

Legend Abyssal Ocean pulled a long face. “I am going to repeat this. Do mind your manners and your own standing. This is not your place to ask questions.”

“Whose servant is this? How impolite,” some legendary battle pet warrior grumbled. He also darted a scolding glare at Qin Duhuang, thinking that Su Ping was surely his servant.

This new guy just got here and he decided to bring such an unruly servant. He needs to be taught a lesson.

Qin Duhuang and Xie Jinshui were nervous. They knew all too well how irritated Su Ping was but they weren’t able to stop him if he decided to vent his anger.

“Mr. Su.” Xie Jinshui yanked Su Ping’s sleeve.

He understood where Su Ping’s anger stemmed from; he was also seething. He had previously knelt to the legendary battle pet warriors one by one, but no one had wanted to go with him after they heard the name of the Otherworld Heavenly King. If all of them were there, they had to have a way to fight against it!

If the Heavenly King couldn’t be stopped while working together, it would have completely invaded the Blue Planet a long time before and humans wouldn’t have been able to build so many base cities, to begin with!

Some legendary battle pet warrior cautioned, “Hey you there, control your servant.”

Qin Duhuang didn’t defend himself. In all honesty, he was also displeased with what he was seeing there.

They had barely walked out from their sorrows when they stumbled upon this wasteful luxury. Their attitude enraged him. However, he knew that he couldn’t show it. Showing his anger would not bring back the deceased. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Having lived long enough, he was experienced enough to understand when to endure silently. Even though his youthful passion had been rekindled, it didn’t make him foolish.

“Ha...”

Su Ping’s shoulders trembled as he laughed.

He laughed louder and louder.

“Ha, ha, ha, ha...”

He could not stop his laughter, but it wasn’t of the happy kind.

“The mayor came here to ask for help but you told him that you were occupied. It wouldn’t take you more than half a day to get to the Longjiang Base City from here!” Su Ping continued as he laughed, “You told me that legendary battle pet warriors needed to go and guard the Deep Caves. I thought you were very concerned about humans. But...

“How interesting...

“So, this is the true Tower.

“This is what the legendary rank means...”

He couldn’t help but burst into another round of laughter.

The titled battle pet warriors present were petrified. Is this person nuts? How dare he spout such a wild innuendo? No one could help him, whoever he was serving. He just mocked the legendary battle pet warriors as a whole!

Whoever he was serving would be implicated as well, because no one could insult the legendary battle pet warriors! All the people present had long faces. Legend Abyssal Ocean scolded Su Ping, “I gave you a fair warning but you didn’t cherish it. You’re not allowed to judge us. Kneel!”

As he spoke, a turbulence was felt in the air. Legend Abyssal Ocean was unleashing his power.

Still, Su Ping stood there straight and looked into Legend Abyssal Ocean’s eyes. “If I cannot say those words, who can? Only people that are more powerful than you? If the powerful people are the only ones allowed to speak their minds, then tell me, what does the world operate on? Rules or fists?”

“What?”

It surprised Legend Abyssal Ocean that Su Ping was unaffected by his influence. He remembered what Qin Duhuang had said about that youth.

“Do you honestly think a Fate Challenger can insult legendary battle pet warriors?” Legend Abyssal Ocean was agitated. He couldn’t allow a titled battle pet warrior to disgrace him.

“You haven’t answered my question yet.” Su Ping locked his glare on him.

“Nonsense. You will kneel and you’ll be punished with death!” Legend Abyssal Ocean shouted. This time, he fully unleashed his Ocean State astral powers. He would push Su Ping down to the ground.

He wasn’t at the Void State; he was at the peak of the Ocean State. Subduing a titled battle pet warrior was like child’s play to him.

Su Ping gave him one final glance and then looked away. The anger also disappeared in his eyes; in its place was darkness and coldness.

“It turned out that I’ve been admiring a bunch of vermin,” Su Ping mumbled.

Legend Abyssal Ocean’s astral powers poured down over Su Ping’s head. He was going to force Su Ping to his knees to make him apologize to all the legendary battle pet warriors who were there.

However, a virtual golden hand appeared in the next second. The glow lit up the entire place and with a bang, a punch landed on Abyssal Ocean’s head.

Bang!

He was immediately beheaded!

It happened so fast that the other legendary battle pet warriors had not had the time to process it!

The moment that Su Ping lifted his hand, those at the Void State had foreseen the coming of potential danger but they were left with not enough time to stop him. The next thing they saw was Legend Abyssal Ocean’s headless corpse falling to the ground. Silence!

Silence prevailed on Nightfall Mountain.

All the legendary and titled battle pet warriors were staring while dazed. They could hardly believe this had truly happened.

Legend Abyssal Ocean was beheaded? A legendary battle pet warrior that had lived for several hundred years just died?

He was beaten to death right then and there, in the most random fashion!

“You wouldn’t listen when I talked to you as your inferior. Now you are the inferior and I, too, will not give you any chances.” Su Ping waved his fist. He took his eyes off from the remains of Legend Abyssal Ocean and glared at the other legendary battle pet warriors in front of him.