Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 786: The Fifth Space

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The tertiary space already had torrents that contained the power of laws.

Such laws were broken and incomplete; it was hardly possible to learn anything from them. However, the torrents that carried them could be quite destructive.

As for the fourth space, it contained even more chaotic energy and was even more lethal!

Even the peak Star State experts had to tread carefully in the fourth space. They might encounter attacks of complete, destructive laws while exploring.

As for the fifth space...

Joanna had mentioned to Su Ping that it was a place that even the Major Gods and the Star Lords wouldn’t easily enter. It was possible to hear voices and whispers from the primeval age. Such mysterious sounds could easily drive anyone insane!

Star Lords would only try resisting such attacks with the power of faith!

The deeper space kept falling apart in front of Su Ping’s eyes. He saw the fourth space as well as the fifth space that was opening further in the fourth space.

Moo!

A hollow roar, devastating and overwhelming, emerged from the fifth space and went into Su Ping’s head; he instantly felt the agony of his soul being torn. He felt as if his head were being cut apart, and the hollow roar became even clearer.

“Go away!!”

Su Ping gritted his teeth and roared in his consciousness.

The roar echoed in his head like that of an ancient dragon, shattering the hollow sound that had just invaded his head. The fracture was healed and no longer felt as painful.

Su Ping was astonished. He felt that he would really lose control of himself if he didn’t do anything!

If he was driven mad, he would even forget who he was and end up completely lost in that place!

Fortunately, he could be resurrected.

Is that the fifth space that even Star Lords fear? The air it leaks is almost too much for me. Luckily, I’ve been through worse... Su Ping stared at the twisting and expanding fifth space with flashing eyes.

Suddenly, he made a decision.

Whoosh!

Su Ping dashed towards the fifth space.

He first entered the fourth space at a quick pace. The darkness in the fourth space surrounded him and made him feel as if he were tied up. His movements were slowed down as one would experience when in water. He could hardly break free, a hundred quilts seemed to be holding him in place.

All of a sudden, he felt a dangerous aura approach him.

Su Ping instantly detected three space torrents that were attached to three horrifying laws!

Two of the laws were incomplete, but the last one was quite powerful. It was almost like a complete law, and it cut him like a gigantic axe.

Su Ping narrowed his eyes and unleashed all his astral power. All the astral power in his cells rushed out like exploding planets.

Boom!

Su Ping threw a punch at the place where the three laws were gathered.

Two of the torrents were instantly eclipsed by the light of his fist; however, the giant axe which carried the most powerful law cut the fist apart, as well as the three laws that were attached to it!

Su Ping’s expression changed, and he hurriedly took action again.

However, the giant axe flew close with the overwhelming aura of laws. Su Ping couldn’t think of another word except ‘sharp’!

That was exactly the law that the giant axe carried!

It was so sharp that it could cut anything apart!

Su Ping established multiple shields with astral power and then punched again, this time not aiming at the front of the axe but toward one of its sides. His fist aura was broken, while the axe was deviated and knocked away.

Su Ping was so shocked he had cold sweat all over his body.

Even though he could come back to life, he always tried best, hoping to survive every battle.

This law must’ve been grasped by a peak Star State warrior. It’s almost complete... Su Ping looked at the disappearing law of sharpness and remembered it vividly. However, the law was close to completion; he could hardly cut it open and understand it.

That is, unless an expert were there and captured the law, to disintegrate the mysteries of the law layer by layer, letting him absorb the law in a gradual manner.

However, such an expert had to be at least at the Ascendant State. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

That was the combat ability of Joanna’s original self. It was impossible even if Su Ping wanted to ask Joanna for help. Her original self was still restricted somewhere.

The fourth space is truly dangerous. Garland’s partners were forced to flee through the fourth space by me. They probably would have died if they weren’t capable enough, Su Ping thought.

He prudently summoned the Little Skeleton, the Dark Dragon Hound, the white-scaled Vast Sky Thunderous Dragon and the other pets.

He also summoned the customers’ pets.

After all, resurrecting those pets would come at no cost, so it was fine even if they were killed easily in that place.

“Merge!”

Su Ping chose to merge with the Inferno Dragon. He grew in size and his energy soared, turning into what looked like the hybrid of a dragon and a human.

He then merged with the Little Skeleton, or to be more exact, he requested his pet to use its special merging skill.

Su Ping’s combat ability was doubled with the dual pet-merging. He was confident of dealing with the law of sharpness if he met it again.

The fifth space!

Su Ping looked at the flipping and disappearing fifth space, quickly breaking it without much thought.

The close by Dark Dragon Hound and the Purple Python were already used to suddenly entering dangerous places where they could hardly survive. They could only struggle to hang on.

They activated their own skills and followed Su Ping closely.

The white-scaled drakeling had fought in the Demigod Burial for a long time with Su Ping. It had already become used to the dangerous places that always popped up out of nowhere. It actually didn’t feel any pressure in the fourth space, all thanks to its void beast bloodline. Rather, it found the place quite familiar.

Even so, it had no time to enjoy the feeling. It quickly reacted and followed Su Ping once it sensed the surrounding dangers.

The pets of the other customers, however, were astounded by the place they suddenly found themselves in.

All of them trembled with fear when they detected the fluctuating power of laws.

One of the pets was soon impaled by a random blade that was flying by. The power of laws it carried had easily ripped the pet apart.

Su Ping chose to resurrect the pet without thinking once he received notification of its demise.

As for himself, he moved faster toward the fifth space further ahead.

The voices from the crack became even more evident as he moved closer. There were quite a few of them, as if a lot of people were moaning and praying. Some of the voices were maddening, while others were eerie.

With bloodshot eyes, Su Ping roared in his consciousness, feeling that his head was falling apart.

“I’ve even seen real gods. Begone!!”

He defended his consciousness with all of his strength. The Force Field appeared next to his face, displaying the shocking scenes he had witnessed in the Chaotic Realm of the Undead.

Su Ping had seen the Lord of Bones there, the King of the Netherworld who floated in an ocean of blood, and a host of mountainous ghosts that wandered in the world.

Su Ping was still too weak back then; those creatures had left a deep impression on him. He felt that even Joanna’s original self wasn’t as horrifying as those creatures, which had surpassed the Ascendant State and reached immortality!

They wouldn’t decay out or be destroyed by the passage of time.

Those mystifying murmurs weren’t nothing when compared to those ghastly undead creatures.

Even if the murmurs were the words left by a deceased true god, or by some sort of unimaginable almighty power, they only contained a tiny fraction of the power that created them.

Su Ping, on the other hand, had confronted such strong creatures. He had even snatched a blood crystal from one of such creatures; it was the skeleton king’s bloodline which was later consumed by the Little Skeleton.

Su Ping broke into the fifth space when his head was about to explode.

All of a sudden, the murmurs were gone, and everything was peaceful and quiet.

Huh?

Su Ping was quite puzzled by such tranquility.

He felt like he had arrived in another world.

Su Ping then felt a gentle breeze that was mixed with a certain smell.

Su Ping was stunned for a moment. He looked forward, and his pupils contracted.

He found that he was right in the middle of a gigantic mouth.

The mouth was wide open, like that of a whale; Su Ping was right at the center of that oral cavity, surrounded by immense fangs...

Bang!

The mouth was closed. The oppressing force which equaled a million tons instantly broke the bones covering the surface of Su Ping’s body. Blood gushed out of his pores because of the pressure. He was simply squeezed to death.

Revive!

Su Ping chose to resurrect right after he entered the death space limbo.

He was no longer inside that big mouth when he reappeared, all because it had left the original spot and he was resurrected exactly where he died.

Su Ping then saw the master of such a strange mouth, which was an enormous void beast that seemed to have emerged straight from the myths.

The unimaginably huge beast noticed the freshly resurrected Su Ping when it turned around. Its cold and half-closed eyes were fully opened in surprise.

A Star Lord void beast...

Su Ping was awed by that beast, but he wasn’t too shocked by it. He kept looking at the creature; he would still try his best to resist if it wanted to eat him again, even though he knew that resistance would be futile.

Therefore, Su Ping didn’t focus all his attention on the beast. Instead, he observed the fifth space around him.