Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 939: The Strongest

Very soon, the day of the finals arrived.

Su Ping woke up in the training room and went to the palace of the Celestial State experts with You Long.

The palace was mostly empty, as the other geniuses were unqualified to go there; they could only stand on a distant square.

All eyes focused on Su Ping when he showed up. The champion of the universe below the Star State would be settled after that battle!

On a spaceship—Xingyue Shen’er mumbled, “He’s here. They say that the one who arrives early always loses. He won’t fail, will he?”

Her father was right next to her, seemingly at a loss for words. “Nothing but hearsay. Enough with the nonsense.”

He was also hoping for Su Ping’s victory; after all, the young man was his daughter’s friend.

Soon after, Luo Ying arrived with a Heavenly Lord.

The two contestants looked at each other outside the palace.

Luo Ying flashed a smile, not saying a word. However, there was appreciation and passion in his eyes.

People like him wouldn’t spout unnecessary trash talk. Rather, they cherished opponents who were strong enough to fight them. After all, they were virtually invincible; it was truly difficult to find worthy opponents.

Su Ping smiled back at him.

Very soon, the Ascendant State referee invited them to enter the void battlefield.

The final battle began!

“This is our last battle. I don’t need to hide myself anymore.” Luo Ying looked at Su Ping and sighed.

Everybody else was stunned after hearing such a remark.

Six Lives Buddha also squinted his eyes.

Did the guy not try his best in the earlier battle?

The others looked solemn too, including Lilian, Dragon Shepard, and the others who had failed. All of them were watching with rapt attention.

They wanted to find out how wide was the gap between their strengths when compared with the strongest!

Su Ping said, “Fine. Bring it on.”

Two vortices appeared next to him; the Little Skeleton and the Inferno Dragon slowly stepped up. The dragon didn’t roar, but it shot a cold gaze at Luo Ying.

Neither pet wasted time, immediately merging with Su Ping right after they were summoned.

He soon attained dual merging status.

Su Ping looked as intimidating as a devil, but Luo Ying frowned a bit, then said, “This is our last battle. You’re still not trying your best?”

Everybody was wondering the same thing.

All of them were confused by the appearance of two Fate State pets.?It’s no longer necessary for him to hide his stronger pets, since there won’t be any battles after this one, right?

Unlike before, Su Ping explained peacefully, “They are my strongest pets.”

Luo Ying was slightly dazed by this. He stared at Su Ping’s deep eyes and knew he wasn’t lying; people like them were too proud to lie casually.

“I understand.”

Luo Ying discarded his vexation and chuckled. “Let’s fight then!”

A scorching illusion that looked like an angel appeared behind his back, emitting an infinite brilliance. It turned out to be a War Angel, a rare divine pet!

“That’s a top divine pet. He’s able to control it even though he’s only in the Fate State. That pet carries an Ascendant State bloodline!”

“Not just the Ascendant State. It’s as strong as a Heavenly Lord!”

“It’s said that War Angels are servants to the gods. They’re almost as strong as Celestials when they reach adulthood!”

Everybody was astounded by the reveal of Luo Ying’s pet, especially since it wasn’t the one he had used in the battle against the monk. Obviously, he would have summoned the pet if the stalemate hadn’t been broken.

Six Lives Buddha looked rather grim because of this.

The next moment—having merged with the War Angel—Luo Ying glowed with sacred light and six wings appeared on his back. He looked exceptionally handsome with his starry eyes.

Su Ping was slightly surprised by such a development. Being able to have an angel as a pet was a new thing for him.

Soon, he activated his Sorcerer’s Constitution. A boundless Field of Darkness was spread out and enshrouded his body, making it impossible to see him.

Luo Ying had a grave look, given the disadvantages to his constitution brought by Su Ping’s Field of Darkness; he would have to enter Su Ping’s field to attack him.

However, with observation and the guidance of the Ascendant expert behind him, he already had a solution!

That was the shortcoming of exposing your trump card too early!

Even if the contestants were unable to find flaws, the Ascendant experts backing them could easily spot the weaknesses and propose a solution.

“Sacred Sword!”

Luo Ying gathered divine brilliance in his hands; a gigantic sword gradually took shape, with a heavy aura of laws and a tremendous amount of divine power.

The sword dazzled in his hands like a flashlight. The next moment, Luo Ying activated his constitution, then dashed towards Su Ping’s dark field like a bolt of lightning.

An unbelievable scene took place—

Su Ping’s field of darkness, like a black curtain, was torn apart by Luo Ying who had stabbed his way forward at a rapid pace!

The opening was quickly stretched all the way to the core, dividing the field into two parts!

Still, Su Ping wasn’t hit after the field was cut apart and the opening was being healed.

Luo Ying then dashed quickly and disappeared into the void. The only things visible were the raging rays of light!

Those beams were constantly dissecting Su Ping’s field.

Even though Su Ping’s field was being reconstituted, the cutting force was much faster than the healing. Luo Ying was going to mince Su Ping’s field with speed!

What a great divine power!

Su Ping was grim faced when he detected his opponent’s divine power. Even though he had always cultivated in Joanna’s spring of divine power, the other guy was practically on par with him. This probably had to do with him merging with a top divine pet!

Su Ping’s eyes glittered as he watched his field being split open. Then, he suddenly swallowed all the surrounding darkness like a whale.

Combination with the field!

The intense power of darkness returned to Su Ping’s body, making his eyes become as dark as ink; his body, which was as scary as a devil’s, showed up again. He was covered in bones, while behind him were scorching flames; they burned with increasing exuberance, until they gathered and formed a fiery phoenix!

In space—a shriek echoed after a silence billions of years long!

That was the soul of the Golden Crows!

“Die!!”

Wreathed in sacred power, Luo Ying roared and dashed over like a comet. He slashed at Su Ping with the gigantic sword, and the distance between them was reduced to zero.

The divine sword pressed forward, as if about to shatter a planet!

But the next moment, Su Ping raised his sword too, slashing to counter the incoming sword!

Boom!!

Countless laws collapsed during that deafening explosion!

Luo Ying was flung back, but soon regained balance. He appeared several thousand meters away.

Su Ping fell down several hundred meters, but he soon regained balance too. A dark stream of air surfaced on his body, but there were golden flames mixed with the dark power. He looked both holy and evil, which made for a rather shocking sight.

“Great! Come again!”

Luo Ying’s eyes glowed. He sped up and waved his six wings of light, dashing as gracefully as a butterfly. His sword launched countless auras when he got closer to the target.

Su Ping roared and pressed his sword forward. The fire covering the sword led to an ocean of flames when it was sprayed out, swallowing the sword auras and forcing Luo Ying to retreat. He had almost made contact with the flames.

Luo Ying was able to sense that the flames could inflict a lot of damage should he make contact.

The Ascendant expert behind his back had already informed him of the Golden Crow bloodline in Su Ping’s body; it was said to be a mythical bloodline from the primordial times!

Luo Ying asked loudly while stepping back, “Aren’t you going to use your future self?”

“It depends on your performance!” replied Su Ping, while gazing at him calmly.

Luo Ying laughed, then attacked again with an even greater strength. He turned into eight clones and attacked Su Ping from every direction.

“Heavenly Punishment!”

Su Ping performed an area attack skill, launching sword auras that slithered outward like dragons.

However, the eight Luo Yings were very agile; they flashed among the sword auras, easily dodging them.

Su Ping was quick to activate Mid-Level Acceleration, which doubled his sword’s speed.

Luo Ying showed a slight change of expression, then swiftly dodged the attack again.

It was then when Su Ping realized how Six Lives Buddha must have felt when he couldn’t hit his opponent.

Is that the highest speed of the universe?

“You want to catch me unprepared? It’s useless. I’m only using half of my speed,” said Luo Ying with a smile.

Su Ping stood where he was, then stared at the other fellow. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Luo Ying, however, didn’t stop. He dropped his smile and said in a low voice, “Lightning Sword!”

Bang!

He made a quick move and disappeared. It wasn’t a flash relocation; if it were, Su Ping could have predicted his destination with the path of space. However, the man was merely moving quickly while traversing the primary space.

Su Ping lost sight of him all of a sudden.

However, he had seen that coming, and a circle of hot waves was swept out of his body.

Bang!

Part of the hot waves was cut apart. Then, Su Ping saw Luo Ying’s shadow, so he chose to slashed in that direction.

Luo Ying, however, quickly lunged in another direction, so fast that Su Ping could not react in time.

It was exactly then, that an area of darkness appeared in that direction; it was exactly the field of ultimate darkness.

Luo Ying then quickly circumvented the darkness, fearing that he would lose his senses if the darkness hit him, and he would be frozen inside it.

It would be enough for Su Ping to defeat him even if he was only frozen for one second.

Whoosh!

Luo Ying retreated rapidly after the clash, then stood at a distance. He wasn’t in a hurry to attack again. Still, he looked quite solemn.

He had already seen all of Su Ping’s trump cards, but he still found it tricky to deal with them.

He was wary of that mysterious, unknown field of constitution. After all, Six Lives Buddha was defeated right in it.

Su Ping’s Golden Crow fire was tricky and untouchable too!

As for head-on clashes, the latter had even more astral power than Six Lives Buddha’s two future selves did. It was too extraordinary.

Once he thought about it, Luo Ying suddenly realized that the young man was a monster in every aspect!

“What happened?”

“Luo Ying seems unable to break Su Ping’s defense!”

“Is this battle going to end in a tie?”

“It can’t be helped. Nobody can beat Luo Ying; he’s invincible as long as he doesn’t attack. This is going to turn into another impasse!”

Outside—the onlookers were shocked and suspicious after the sudden halt during such a dazzling battle. They wondered if two champions would be crowned.

In such a case…

Many people looked at Six Lives Buddha, and felt that the situation was funny in a weird kind of manner. If that monk didn’t lose to Su Ping, wouldn’t there be three champions?

Time passed slowly.

Su Ping gazed at Luo Ying. He knew he had to use the trump card after the previous clash, his enemies now intent on hiding, or he wouldn’t be able to capture his opponent.

It was impossible for him to restrain his opponent with the Field of Darkness.

The War Angel and the terrifying divine power in his opponent’s body could protect that guy from his field, just as it happened to Six Lives Buddha. Even the man’s fastest constitution was even able to break through.

He was strong, but such a fact would be useless if he couldn’t hit his opponent.

What a shame. I was planning to wait until it was perfect.

Su Ping was slightly regretful, not thinking that it would be the best time to use it.

However, he had to win that battle.

He then walked slowly towards Luo Ying.

Luo Ying narrowed his eyes and gazed at Su Ping without making a move. He was merely ten meters away from the latter; he could break free at any time if he wanted to. Su Ping was too slow to catch up with him.

However, he instinctively felt unsafe, as the sensation given off by Su Ping drew near.

What was the unknown sense of pressure about?

Soon, Luo Ying decided to back away from Su Ping.

The latter raised his eyebrows, but chose not to say anything and to keep a safe distance. There would always be another time, given that his opponent had detected something.?Might as well wait for the next time.

The battle reached an impasse again.

Several hours passed in the blink of an eye.

Luo Ying saw that Su Ping was standing still. Luo Ying attacked again, as he was no longer able to hold him back.

He was the one who had control over the battle; after all, Su Ping was completely unable to hit back. If he wanted to fight, they would have to fight. If he wanted to retreat, he was able to retreat!

The same applied with Su Ping; he didn’t want to see two champions, as it would be pointless!

There could only be one champion!