Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1002: Mastering Chaos

Bang!

The whirlwind hit the purple-haired young man’s shoulder, messing up his hair before it dispersed. He was quite surprised. He wasn’t hurt by this, but he realized that the whirlwind was as powerful as an ordinary person’s punch!

It was worth noticing that the Troy Dragon had just been born!

“It hasn’t passed the Enlightenment Phase yet, yet it’s already able to make use of elemental power…” The young man gazed at the two dragons, not knowing what to say.

He specialized in Troy Dragons, which was why he found the results unbelievable. A young pet would gradually grasp its inherited abilities a month after birth, under normal circumstances. That one month was known as the Enlightenment Phase.

After that, the pet would become a lot stronger. If it was a dragon with powerful bloodlines, it would be able to knock down an adult, or fight tigers and alligators.

Squeak!

The young dragons shrieked and flapped their wings. They circumvented the humans, curious about everything they saw in the world outside.

“They’re so aggressive, right after being born. They look like Troy Dragons, but their wing colors are different. The stripes on their bodies look different too…” The others were similarly astonished at the two young dragons.

At that moment the other hatched pets began to move about. The Green Venomous Lizard was spewing out a sticky green fluid on the floor, which emitted an enjoyable scent. However, everybody held their breath, as the fragrance carried a lethal poison, which could have killed ordinary people.

There was another young pet, which looked like a fiery lion; it was playing with the flames on its feet.

Everybody was rendered speechless when they saw the pets, as they looked different from how they expected them to be. However, judging from their pink skins, it was obvious that they were newly hatched pets.

Nevertheless, nobody had ever heard of pets showing such abilities the moment they were hatched!

“Don’t the Green Venomous Lizards develop poisonous fluid only after a month from birth?” The master of that was confused as he observed the little pet.

Su Ping feared that the pets could run loose, noticing their active behavior. He asked their masters to pick them up, and said, “They’ve just hatched and have yet to be taught; they’re still beasts in nature. You must teach them properly to prevent them from hurting people.”

The owners picked up their respective pets and observed them carefully. They quickly accepted Su Ping’s request.

None of them doubted Su Ping’s words after having seen the pets’ performances; the little ones were much more active and aggressive as they should have been, indicating that their quality had to be above average, even if they weren’t as good as Su Ping claimed.

Each customer thanked Su Ping as they picked their pets.

Su Ping waved his hand with a smile. He then returned to the Chaos Spirit Pool for Incubation after seeing everybody off.

He accomplished the hatching quest after having hatched the seven pet eggs. A new incubation menu had been added to his store menu.

He only needed to lay a pet egg there. Then, it would be incubated.

The materials required to hatch the egg would be exchanged for energy. He didn’t have to search for them in cultivation sites anymore.

I wonder how much energy is needed to hatch the Chaos Path Beast…

Su Ping was rather anxious and excited.

He then started the incubation process for the last two of the seven eggs on the hatching menu.

He had specially postponed the incubation of those two. One of them was in the Fate State, and the other in the Star State. Their costs were 500,000 and 1,200,000 energy points respectively.

The latter was twice as expensive as the former.

According to the description on the hatching menu, the energy required for hatching depended on the aptitudes and bloodlines of the pets being incubated. He wondered what level the Chaos Path Beast was on.

Su Ping then moved the Chaos beast egg to the pool and selected the incubation option.

“This pet egg carries a Heavenly Path State bloodline. The requirements for hatching are rigorous, and the hatching will cost 180 hours and a billion energy points. Do you want to hatch it?” asked the system.

Su Ping was gobsmacked by the notification.

The hatching costs a billion energy points?

He knew that the amount was definitely enough to develop an adult Ascendant pet using the Chaos Spirit Pool.

But of course, he would have to upgrade the pool to LV7 in order to do that.

This doesn’t involve any training. The hatching alone costs a lot of energy. It’s terrifying.?Su Ping was too excited to think. He chose to hatch the egg right then.

Immediately after, ninety percent of the energy in his store was redirected for this process!

A billion energy points virtually amounted to all his revenue for three years.

And yet, for it to be spent that quickly…

Su Ping wasn’t regretful, though. In fact, he felt excited, as the Heavenly Path State was definitely beyond the Celestial State. Once the pet reached adulthood, it would become a monster that even the Celestials could only look up to.

As expected of a creature born from chaos. Its natural growth is much more effective than the hard training of many species!?Su Ping was swept by mixed feelings.

Once the energy was deducted, the bottom of the Chaos Spirit Pool emitted a dazzling light. Su Ping then detected a mysterious and magnificent vibe. It was none other than the chaos aura he had sensed when they encountered the Chaos Perception Dragon!

I wonder where the Chaos Spirit Pool is connected to. It is definitely emanating chaos aura; no wonder it doesn’t need any material except energy. Chaos aura is the most primitive energy for the evolution of all creatures; it can turn into anything.?Su Ping looked down at the Chaos Spirit Pool, but was unable to see its lower end.

The egg was showing some movement as the chaos aura was infused bit by bit into the Chaos beast egg.

According to the system’s countdown, the hatching still required 180 hours more, which was more than a week’s worth.

If only I could absorb the chaos aura and decompose it. Su Ping looked at the dispersing chaos aura with glowing eyes; only then did he realize its value. The most precious part of his store was probably the Chaos Spirit Pool.

His combat ability would soar by dozens if not hundreds of times if he could absorb the chaos aura!

Were the creatures in the primordial age full of chaos aura? Divine power is ten times as effective as astral power, while deity aura is eight times as powerful. Chaos aura is thousands of times better!”

The primordial age had surely been a horrifying time dominated by unimaginable creatures.

Su Ping looked at the Chaos Spirit Pool and slowly approached, hoping to absorb some of the leaking chaos aura. Much to his surprise, his mental power was unable to draw it toward himself.

He tried cultivating the chaos aura based on his technique, but that didn’t work, either.

The chaos aura seemed to be fixated to the Chaos Spirit Pool and flowed in the same route; it wasn’t disrupted in the slightest.

It can’t be absorbed? The power is too advanced for my body to accommodate yet. It’s just like a spoon full of holes, unable to hold water.?Su Ping extended a hand toward the chaos aura, but was completely unable to touch it. They seemed to be in different dimensions.

Su Ping felt regret, but had no choice except to give up. He sat cross-legged next to the Chaos Spirit Pool; since he couldn’t absorb it, he had to seize the opportunity to grasp the law of chaos. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Time flew.

Su Ping meditated next to the Chaos Spirit Pool. His mind had been restless, but he soon calmed down. He carefully examined the chaos aura, which carried an amazing power that activated his brain and led him to a strange epiphany.

However, what he perceived wasn’t chaos, but other laws or battle techniques.

Chaos aura seems to contain everything.

A few days later, Su Ping’s half-closed eyes glittered; he felt he was onto something.

A few more days passed, then Su Ping widened his eyes. At the same time, a noise burst out from inside his body, and a desolate illusion appeared behind his back. It was none other than his small world.

However, the desolate illusion was becoming real at a high speed. At the same time, it quickly shrank in size and enshrouded Su Ping.

The small world covered him like a transparent shield. However, the hellish views on the cover were rather bloodcurdling.

“All elements of chaos… So, chaos is hope; it’s all things; it’s disorder; it’s mayhem…”

Su Ping mumbled to himself, releasing an aura that he then quickly concealed. He didn’t know how strong he was, but he knew that his first small world was approaching the limits!

He had mastered chaos and time. Next, there was vitality and life.

If I apply all four supreme laws to the first small world, why bother constructing a second small world??Su Ping thought. He was at a loss. He would have tried to master all the four main laws and then break into the Ascendant State if he hadn’t learned the multiplication technique at the Heaven Path Institute.

Or maybe I don’t need to fully master all four supreme laws to condense the first small world… Rather, I can master them when I condense a second small world. That way, the second small world will be more powerful than the first small world. They would also be independent from each other.?Su Ping pondered.

In the blink of an eye—

A week passed. Su Ping watched the hatching countdown come to an end around noontime of the eighth day.

The egg in the Chaos Spirit Pool was glowing brilliantly at the moment. Thanks to the instilled chaos aura, it turned into a glittering sphere, and its patterns were no longer visible.

Su Ping stared at the countdown on the hatching menu.

He then turned to look at the egg after the last second passed. He saw that its brilliance was gone, and so was the chaos aura from the bottom of the spirit pool. The halo at the edge of the pool had also disappeared; once again, it looked like a dried well.

A cracking noise was clearly heard.

Once the egg was revealed again, Su Ping saw how it began to crack.

The cracks grew bigger and bigger, until a little beast broke the shell from the inside and extended its white claw outside.

The claw wasn’t sharp, and it looked cute. The eggshell was broken as it continued with its grabbing motions. The eggshell patterns flashed weirdly. The special power that had protected the egg had been nullified because it had been broken from within.

A beast crawled out of the eggshell in a rather clumsy way before Su Ping’s eyes.

Su Ping blinked.

He had seen how the previously hatched pets had kicked and broken out their shells, as if attacking their enemies; they were highly active and perky. So, he expected the little Chaos beast entrance to be more awesome than this.

Even Ascendants failed to destroy the eggshell. The little one broke it from within, so it must be exhausted…?Su Ping thought.

The little beast then laid eyes on Su Ping, winking curiously. But then, its eyes emitted a strange golden light. It seemed to have noticed something, and then the little one flashed a very cute smile at Su Ping.

Yes, it smiled like an obedient kid.

The beast looked like an elephant, with big ears and a long nose. It was quite fat too. The only difference was that it had horns and scales on its sides. There were also gray flames on its hooves, making it look adorable and awe-inspiring.

“This is the Chaos Path Beast…”

Su Ping found that he could sense delight and friendliness from that little smile. Su Ping then sensed that time and space around the beast was shaking; streams of a strange power were flying into its body from the void.

It can influence the surrounding time and space, even though it has just been born??Su Ping was quite shocked.

Next, the Chaos Path Beast crawled out of the eggshell. Its ears suddenly became big, and its ear cavities absorbed the broken eggshell like black holes. Then, it began to float in midair and flew towards Su Ping, wobbling as it went.