Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2160: Completion of the Formation

Over half a month later, Han Li was standing expressionlessly atop a pagoda on the giant azure cloud, looking down toward a lush mountain range.

Fei Xiaoxi and Cao Ji stood slightly behind him on either side, and they were also casting their eyes downward.

Aside from over 100 flying carriages and battle arks patrolling the nearby area, all of the other giant clouds were nowhere to be seen.

The mountain range wasn’t a very large one and only had a radius of less than 100 kilometers, but there were countless humanoid figures traversing through it as one tall platform after another rose up from the ground.

These stone platforms were all of different heights with silver spirit patterns engraved upon them, and there were green flags that were shimmering with faint spiritual light situated all over them.

However, upon closer inspection, one would discover that all of these platforms had risen up over the few spirit veins in the mountain range.

At the center of the mountains was a valley, within which a gigantic tree was growing rapidly at a rate that was discernible to the naked eye. With each passing moment, it would grow by around a foot, and it was already virtually as tall as the mountains around it.

On the ground around the giant tree was a green formation that was around 100 acres in area, and there were over 100 Wood Tribe beings seated within the formation. All of them were at or above the Nascent Soul stage, and they all had their eyes closed while making different hand seals.

All of the stone platforms were connected around the valley, causing all of the world’s origin Qi in the entire mountain range to converge toward the valley in a frenzy, forming a series of extremely exuberant five-colored rainbows in the nearby air.

There were several small mountain ranges close to 100,000 kilometers away, where a series of massive trees were also rapidly growing in obscure locations, and there were countless tall platforms being erected near them as well.

If one were to look down from a high altitude, they’d discover that there were 36 of these formations that had been set up within an area with a radius of around 500,000 kilometers.

Even though they weren’t all complete yet, they had been arranged in an extremely profound configuration to form a super formation that presented a spectacular breathtaking sight.

At this point, all of the world’s origin Qi within the super formation had already been activated, and all types of energy fluctuations were beginning to appear in the air, filling the entire area with a sense of menace and peril.

Standing atop the azure cloud, Han Li suddenly said, "At this rate, the formation core will be complete in a few days. Once it’s completed, we’ll descend this Azure Light Island into the formation core and activate all of the protective restrictions to adopt a fully defensive stance."

Fei Xiaoxi cast a glance toward Han Li before replying in a slightly cold voice, "I have no objections to that. However, it’s rather surprising that the formation is taking so long to set up. I’ve heard that the progress at the other two formation cores is even slower than in our one; that’s not going to be an issue, is it?"

"According to the information I received yesterday, the battle between the united army and devilish army has just commenced, and they’re trying to lure the devilish army into our formation. At the very least, it would take the devilish army over 10 days to get here, and by then, the formation will definitely already be complete. What I’m worried about is whether the formation will actually be powerful enough to deal the devilish army a heavy blow," Han Li replied.

"Rest assured, fellow daoists; even without using the backup holy trees, the Wood Realm 36 Extremes Formation possesses unfathomable power. Now that the 36 holy trees are being used, even a Grand Ascension Stage being would struggle to escape from the formation on their own. As for the ordinary devilish beings, they stand no chance in the face of the formation’s power," Cao Ji reassured with a confident smile.

"I’m sure the 36 backup holy trees will significantly bolster the formation’s power, but at the same time, the devilish army is nothing to be scoffed at. In particular, all of the Sacred Ancestors possess immense power and many clones, all of which will be very difficult to deal with," Han Li said.

"The Sacred Ancestors are indeed powerful, but the grand elders will be responsible for facing them, so what’s there for us to worry about?" Fei Xiaoxi countered.

"Hehe, Senior Sang and the others would perhaps be able to hold off the true bodies of the Sacred Ancestors, but they most likely won’t be able to deal with the clones; those clones will most likely be deployed by the devilish army to break the formation cores," Han Li replied with a smile.

"Sacred Ancestor clones?" Both Cao Ji and Fei Xiaoxi’s expressions changed slightly upon hearing this.

"Have the two of you crossed paths with Sacred Ancestor clones in the past?" Han Li asked as a meaningful look appeared in his eyes.

A hint of hatred appeared on Cao Ji’s face as he replied, "I had once encountered a Sacred Ancestor clone with a fellow daoist of roughly the same cultivation base as myself, and that fellow daoist perished during the battle, while I managed to escape with severe injuries."

"I haven’t encountered a Sacred Ancestor clone in person, but many of my loved ones have perished by their hands. If they’re sent to our formation core, I’ll be sure to give them a taste of their own medicine," Fei Xiaoxi also said with a cold expression.

"Fairy Fei, if you were to encounter a Sacred Ancestor clone on your own, then I’d advise you to turn and run. Otherwise, you’ll only be sacrificing yourself for nothing," Cao Ji advised with a wry smile.

However, Fei Xiaoxi merely gave a dismissive harrumph, clearly not intending to heed Cao Ji’s advice. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"There’s no need to be alarmed, Fellow Daoist Cao. If this formation really is as powerful as you say, then we should be able to contend with those Sacred Ancestor clones by drawing upon the formation’s power. Of course, if too many of them come here at once, then we’ll have to think of some other way," Han Li said in a calm voice.

"Think of some other way? Have you prepared some type of trump card, Fellow Daoist Han?" Cao Ji asked as his eyes lit up, and Fei Xiaoxi was also rather taken aback to hear this.

"I have indeed made some preparations, but I can’t guarantee that they’ll be effective," Han Li replied in a nonchalant manner.

"I see. It’s quite a relief that you’ve made some preparations in advance, Brother Han," Cao Ji said as his expression eased slightly.

"It sounds like you’re quite familiar with Sacred Ancestor clones, Fellow Daoist Han; have you faced some in the past as well?" Fei Xiaoxi suddenly asked.

"I have indeed faced such clones on several occasions," Han Li replied in a calm manner.

"How did you fare against them? I’ve heard that they’re far more powerful than the average late-Body Integration Stage being," Fei Xiaoxi asked.

"I’ve killed a few, but I was also once forced to flee for over a year straight by few of them," Han Li replied with a nonchalant voice, but both Cao Ji and Fei Xiaoxi were astonished to hear this.

"You’ve killed Sacred Ancestor clones before? Oh, I see, you must’ve killed those clones with the assistance of your human race’s army, right?" Cao Ji quickly arrived at a conclusion that he thought to be reasonable, and Fei Xiaoxi was also enlightened upon hearing this.

Indeed, with Han Li’s late-Body Integration Stage powers, it wouldn’t be impossible for him to kill a Sacred Ancestor clone with the assistance of an army.

Instead of replying to Cao Ji’s question, Han Li chuckled with a confident smile, "Hehe, that’s all in the past now. If multiple Sacred Ancestor clones arrive at our formation core, then all you have to do is hold off one of the clones each and leave the rest to me."

"In that case, I’ll be counting on you, Brother Han." Cao Ji was still feeling rather bewildered, but a respectful tone had unconsciously crept into his voice, and he was clearly conceding the leadership role to Han Li.

After all, it was an extremely remarkable feat that Han Li had slain Sacred Ancestor clones in the past, even if it had been with the assistance of the human army.

Fei Xiaoxi hesitated for a short while before finally replying with a slight bow, "If you have a way to deal with the other Sacred Ancestor clones, then I’m also willing to follow your instructions."

"Alright, I’ll be sure to repay your trust, fellow daoists," Han Li said with a smile.

Thus, Han Li officially assumed the leadership role at the second formation core.

During the next few days, Han Li’s trio took turns overseeing the completion of the formation core.

Five days later, the second formation core was finally completed, and all of the Wood Tribe guards and formation masters flocked onto the giant azure cloud.

Under Han Li’s control, the azure cloud descended from above before landing right beside the valley where the giant tree was situated.

At the same time, all of the world’s origin Qi around the massive tree was stirred up as countless green specks of light surged out of thin air in a frenzy, then vanished into the entire mountain range.

A string of rumbling booms rang out as all of the formation flags on the tall platforms tremored violently, following which a series of light barriers appeared in the air. Immediately thereafter, bursts of green Qi surged out of all parts of the mountain range, instantly inundating the mountain range in its entirety.

All of the protective restrictions at the second formation core had been activated at this point, and there would be no chance of escape even for the average Body Integration Stage being if they were to enter the formation core.

Half a month later, the entire Wood Realm 36 Extremes Formation was finally complete, setting up a deadly trap of massive proportions for the devilish army.