Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2235: Combined Attack

"In that case, it’ll only be able to withstand our attacks with its physical body, and there’s no way that’ll end well for it," Bao Hua paused momentarily before continuing, "However, the Stemborer Queen would’ve most definitely mastered the earth-attribute laws of heaven and earth as well, so I can’t say for sure how long the Earth Emperor Nail will be able to restrict it for. As such, once I unleash this treasure, please attack without any hesitation."

"Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Bao Hua; our lives are on the line as well, so we definitely won’t treat this lightly," the elderly man replied.

Everyone else also chimed in in agreement.

"Alright, as a safety precaution, I’ll contact the spirit of the ancient seal first and get it to focus all of its power here, both to restrict the Stemborer Queen and to disguise what we’re doing here," Bao Hua said.

She then made a strange hand seal and began to chant something, and the face within the mist suddenly appeared once again without any warning.

Bao Hua’s lips tremored as she communicated with the face through voice transmission, and shortly thereafter, the misty face vanished again.

Almost at the exact same moment, Han Li and the others were suddenly struck by an indescribable sense of pressure.

They hurriedly examined themselves, and were relieved to find that this pressure wasn’t affecting them in any substantial way.

At this moment, countless grey runes had appeared around Bao Hua, and they quickly enveloped her, leaving only a blurry silhouette of her body visible from the outside.

Strangely enough, as soon as the grey runes surrounded Bao Hua, her aura completely vanished.

She was still standing on the same spot, but she was completely undetectable through spiritual sense, as if she had fused as one with this entire space.

"The power of the ancient seal has completely concealed my aura, so no matter how close I get to the Stemborer Queen, it won’t be able to detect me. I’m going to attack now; please get ready, everyone," Bao Hua said.

The elderly man nodded before summoning a white jade badge, which appeared amid a flash of spiritual light.

The surface of the badge was extremely intricate with countless spirit beast images engraved onto its surface.

"That’s the Myriad Beast Badge! According to legends, this is a treasure that fell from the True Immortal Realm in ancient times. Back then, many Grand Ascension Stage beings had fought over this treasure; I didn’t think that it would be in your possession," the black-robed woman exclaimed.

"Hehe, I was quite fortunate to have obtained this treasure," the elderly man said in a slightly smug manner.

A hint of envy appeared in the red-faced man’s eyes, while Han Li was appraising the badge with an intrigued expression.

"With this Myriad Beast Badge, our chances of success will be boosted even further," Bao Hua said in an elated manner.

At this point, the black-robed woman and red-faced man had also summoned their treasures. The woman had opened her mouth to release an inky-black spear, while the man had conjured up a giant white bone blade with countless crimson spirit patterns engraved onto its surface.

The spiritual light being released by the two treasures had been forcibly repressed by them, but the fearsome auras they were giving off clearly indicated that they were both extremely powerful treasures.

"Brother Xie, give this everything you have," Han Li said to Daoist Xie through voice transmission.

Daoist Xie nodded in an expressionless manner, then raised a hand to summon a silver bead.

A dull thump rang out, and countless arcs of lightning erupted out of the bead before forming a ball of lightning.

Initially, the ball of lightning was only around the size of a human head, but as it slowly rose up into the air, it swelled to the size of a house.

After that, Daoist Xie carried the lightning ball with one hand and remained still on the spot.

Meanwhile, Han Li made a hand seal, and his Provenance True Devil Projection appeared amid a flash of golden light, then transformed into the golden body before fusing as one with Han Li.

Bright purplish-golden light radiated forth, and Han Li’s body turned a shimmering golden color.

At the same time, countless silver spirit patterns appeared all over his skin before forming a series of silver formations.

After that, Han Li made a grabbing motion, and a green longsword that was around three feet long appeared in his grasp.

With nothing more than a light flick of his wrist, a buzzing sound rang out, and even the world’s origin Qi was being swayed by the sword.

This was none other than the Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword.

In the face of a creature as fearsome as the Stemborer Queen, Han Li didn’t dare to hold back and was releasing his ultimate trump card right away.

Bao Hua had seen Han Li use the Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword before, so she wasn’t surprised to see it again. However, everyone else’s attention was immediately drawn to the sword, and it was clear that they had already guessed what it was.

However, before any of them had a chance to ask any questions, Bao Hua suddenly made a hand seal before vanishing on the spot.

In the next instant, Bao Hua re-emerged less than 200 feet away, then raised the giant nail up with both hands.

Everyone else immediately turned their attention away from Han Li’s sword and focused on the task at hand, beginning to inject their power into the treasures they had summoned.

All of them were preparing to strike in the instant that the Earth Emperor Nail pierced into the Stemborer Queen’s body.

At this moment, the mountainous Stemborer Queen was still in a completely oblivious slumber.

Faint silver light flashed through Bao Hua’s eyes as she stared intently at the Stemborer Queen, and all of a sudden, a fierce look appeared in her eyes as the Earth Emperor Nail shot forth as a streak of yellow light.

The nail pierced through the black formation with ease, then plunged into the Stemborer Queen’s body before reverting back to its original form.

Yellow light erupted from the giant nail in all directions, and these strands of yellow light blurred before vanishing into the Stemborer Queen’s body.

"Everyone, what are you waiting for?!" Bao Hua was elated as she let loose a loud cry, a massive floral tree projection appeared behind her before exploding into countless pink flower petals that surged toward the Stemborer Queen.

At the same time, Han Li and the others had also sprung into action.

The elderly man hurled his jade badge high up into the air, and it transformed into a white jade gate, from within which countless beastly projections rushed out.

Meanwhile, the black-robed woman uttered an incantation, and her black spear immediately shot forth as a streak of black lightning.

As for the red-faced man, he swept his giant bone blade through the air, and spatial fluctuations erupted above the Stemborer Queen, following which a massive blade projection over 10,000 feet in length emerged before crashing down with devastating might.

A burst of enormous invisible power descended alongside the blade projection, and a giant ball of lightning also appeared beside it at the exact same moment.

The ball of lightning then transformed into a massive silver lightning net that enshrouded the entire body of the Stemborer Queen down below.

These attacks were truly extraordinarily fast, but they had still been unleashed marginally slower than Han Li.

The silver formations all over Han Li’s body emitted a faint buzzing sound as he slashed his Profound Heavenly Spiritslash Sword through the air, releasing a green thread that instantly vanished into thin air.

In the next instant, the world’s origin Qi above the Stemborer Queen tremored, and the green line descended to slice its mountainous body in half.

Immediately thereafter, the giant blade projection, silver lightning net, storm of flower petals, black lightning, and spirit beast projections also arrived.

A string of earth-shattering explosions rang out, and the inky-black formation was instantly torn apart. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Countless flower petal projections surged through the air like sharp blades, and beyond those were the countless spirit beast projections, which surrounded the Stemborer Queen before self-detonating in rapid succession.

Powerful shockwaves surged forth in all directions, and a series of halos proliferated outward.

The barrage of attacks instantly inundated the Stemborer Queen’s entire body, and it remained completely still throughout the entire process, as if it really had been slain in its slumber.

However, not only were Han Li and the others not elated to see this, their faces instantly paled significantly.

All of these Grand Ascension Stage beings had an extensive wealth of battle experience, and even though they were very confident in their own attacks, they definitely wouldn’t be naive enough to believe that the vastly renowned Stemborer Queen would be killed so easily.

After the dust settled, the giant Stemborer Queen’s body had vanished, leaving only a fist-sized black crystal hovering in mid-air.

A rusty nail was embedded deep into the crystal, and everyone was struck by a bone-chilling sensation upon seeing this.

"Something’s wrong! We have to get out of here," Bao Hua yelled in a decisive manner as she turned her hand over to produce a formation plate, which she immediately crushed.