Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2400: Crushing All Races

Three days later, Han Li met the four Body Integration Stage human cultivators in the hall of his ark, while Nangong Wan sat beside him.

The four cultivators extended respectful bows toward Han Li as soon as they entered the room. "We pay our respects to Senior Han."

"No need for formalities. I’m sure all of you already know about my relationship with Wan’er, and similarly, I know why you’ve come to visit me," Han Li said.

Among the four human cultivators, a white-haired elderly man lowered his head in a respectful manner, and replied, "The four of us possess aptitude that isn’t inferior to anyone, but we’re limited by the fact that we’re in the Small Spirit Sky. If you can take us back with you to the Spirit Realm, we’ll be forever indebted to you, Senior Han."

"I must thank you all for looking after Wan’er for all these years, so it’s no issue for me to take you back to the Spirit Realm. However, before we go, we have to take care of some matters in the Small Spirit Sky first. The last thing I would want to see is for our human race to be enslaved by other races as soon as we leave," Han Li said.

The four cultivators’ hearts stirred slightly upon hearing this, and a blue-robed woman stepped forward as she said, "We’ll do everything you say, Senior Han."

Her three companions also nodded in agreement.

"In that case, I’ll take the lead here. When you go back, select the top 100 or so most outstanding juniors of the human race, and I’ll take them along with the four of you back to the Spirit Realm. At the same time, make an announcement that I’ll be returning to the Small Spirit Sky at random points in time to take the next batch of most outstanding human juniors with me," Han Li instructed in an implacable manner.

"Rest assured, Senior, we’ll be sure to carry out your instructions to the best of our abilities," the white-haired elderly man hurriedly replied.

"Good. Prior to returning to the Spirit Race, I’ll be making a visit to all of the other areas of the Small Spirit Sky to teach the other races a lesson so they wouldn’t dare to target our human race. I’ll also leave a few powerful treasures behind so that our human race will be able to ward off potential invasions from other races even without any Body Integration Stage beings among its ranks. With these measures in place, we won’t have to worry about our brethren even after I take you all away," Han Li said.

The four cultivators were naturally ecstatic to hear this, and they immediately gave affirmative responses. Indeed, with these measures implemented, the humans of the Small Spirit Sky would have nothing to worry about.

Thus, the four cultivators asked Han Li a few more questions about the specific details of their plan, then departed from the ark.

Throughout this entire meeting, Nangong Wan remained silent, but once the four cultivators left, she turned to Han Li with a smile, and said, "It’ll most likely take them quite some time to select the group of juniors for us to take back to the Spirit Realm. During this time, how about I accompany you to the other races? I spent most of my time in seclusion, but I’m still far more familiar with the Small Spirit Sky than you are."

"That would be great; I was also hoping that you would come with me," Han Li replied with a smile.

......

Two days later, Han Li instructed Patriarch Hua Shi to depart from the Inkspirit Holy Ark with a group of puppets. After scouring the Small Spirit Sky for some special materials, he and Nangong Wan also departed from the ark, while Zhu Guo’er was left behind to look after the ark, having been officially accepted by Nangong Wan to become her disciple.

Half a month later, a strange being with the upper body of a human and a near-transparent lower body was fleeing for its life, traversing through several volcanoes that was littered with all types of round black stones.

A burst of loud rumbling rang out up above, and a massive golden hand that covered virtually the entire sky appeared before descending from above, sending a burst of enormous force crashing downward.

The peculiar being was extremely alarmed to see this, and it instantly accelerated by over twofold, covering a distance of several thousand feet in a flash.

However, even though the giant golden hand seemed to be descending very slowly, it appeared above the peculiar being’s head in a flash before thrusting down like lightning.

Despite the semi-transparent being’s special constitution and protective treasures, it was completely powerless against the giant golden hand and was crushed like a fly amid an anguished howl.

The golden hand then also disappeared, following which Han Li and Nangong Wan appeared in the sky above amid a burst of spatial fluctuations.

Nangong Wan currently wore an astonished expression as she said, "That was the most powerful being of the Wind Spirit Race, and he was on the cusp of reaching the Grand Ascension Stage, yet he couldn’t even withstand a single attack from you. I fully believe what you said about not being an ordinary Grand Ascension Stage being now."

"Oh? Were you skeptical about my claims before this?" Han Li asked as a hint of a smile appeared on his face.

"I believed you from the start, but how was I supposed to know that you’d be this powerful? With your powers, surely you stand at the pinnacle of even the Spirit Realm," Nangong Wan said.

"Hehe, you’ll find out the answer to that once we return to the Spirit Realm. Let’s go, our next target is the most powerful being of the Giant Mantis Race, Gang Jin," Han Li chuckled.

Nangong Wan merely rolled her eyes in response and raised no objections.

Thus, Han Li swept a sleeve through the air, releasing a burst of golden light that swept up both of them before flying away.

......

A month later, tens of thousands of giant grey praying mantises were rushing toward a grey light barrier in a relentless wave.

There was a small black mountain that was over 1,000 feet tall hovering within the grey light barrier, and atop the small mountain stood Han Li and Nangong Wan.

Behind this wave of giant praying mantises was a massive human-faced insect that was five times larger than its brethren, and it was appraising Han Li’s duo from afar with a grim expression.

The giant insect had black patterns that were flashing all over its body, and under the influence of those black patterns, the bodies of the other insects were enshrouded within layers of faint crimson light.

"It’s quite remarkable that you’re able to control so many of your brethren and temporarily enhance their powers to such a significant degree, but unfortunately, this won’t work against me," Han Li said in an indifferent manner. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Immediately thereafter, a ball of golden lightning the size of a house emerged amid a rumbling thunderclap, then swelled drastically in size, releasing countless arcs of golden lighting that intertwined to form a massive net that descended to encompass virtually the entire insect swarm.

All of the praying mantises within the net of golden lightning were instantly reduced to ashes, but the human-faced insect suddenly opened its mouth to release a ball of dark green liquid, tearing a large hole into the lightning net overhead, through which it was able to escape.

A pair of azure wings appeared on its back, and it flapped its wings vigorously, preparing to unleash a secret technique to flee the scene, but right at this moment, Han Li swept a hand through the air within the grey light barrier.

Spatial fluctuations erupted beside the human-faced insect, and a streak of azure sword Qi emerged before slicing the insect’s body apart at an incredible speed.

Immediately thereafter, the streak of sword Qi transformed into an azure sword barrier that swept up the two halves of the insect’s body.

Once the sword Qi dissipated, the insect’s body and its Nascent Soul had already been reduced to nothingness.

......

One and a half months later, the three grand elders of the most populous race in the entire Small Spirit Sky, the Crescent Moon Race, were leading over 100,000 of their brethren in battle against Han Li and Nangong Wan.

All of the Crescent Moon beings had arranged themselves into a formation that took advantage of the terrain, but a short while later, thousands of Crescent Moon beings were slain by Han Li, and the formation was destroyed.

The three grand elders were also slain from afar by a few punches from Han Li.

......

Two months later, within a swamp that was filled with rotting vegetation and poisonous mist, the grand elder of the most mysterious race in the Small Spirit Sky, the Night Slumber Race, voluntarily pledged subordination to Han Li.

At the same time, he swore a vow that so long as he lived, his race wouldn’t take a single step out of the swamp.

......

Within the short span of just a few months, Han Li and Nangong Wan visited all of the foreign races in the Small Spirit Sky, killing or taming all of the most powerful beings of those races, and it was as if doomsday had descended upon the Small Spirit Sky.

The human race was naturally ecstatic to hear this, and Han Li quickly became such a household name that even children who barely knew how to speak were already aware of his name. At this point, the human race had also selected over 100 of its most exceptional juniors after a series of fierce competitions.

Three months later, the Inkspirit Holy Ark returned to the Green Sea, and not only was it carrying Han Li and Nangong Wan, they were accompanied by the four Body Integration Stage human cultivators and the juniors that had been selected.

As for the Green Spirit beings in the Green Sea, they had already fled far away, staying thousands of kilometers away from the giant ark.

Finally, the ark drew to a halt above a massive tree.

Han Li cast his gaze downward before making a hand seal, then pointed a finger toward the tree, upon which the tree abruptly vanished to reveal a ball of rainbow light.

"Let’s go. I wonder when we’ll return to this realm next," Han Li murmured to himself, following which the giant black ark sped forward at his behest, shrinking down rapidly mid-flight before vanishing into the ball of light.