Marilyn's back crashed into the wall of the bathroom.

"Ahhhh~" She gasped in pleasure as his fingers traced up her body to her neck. Golden light left lingering after-trails up her body, highlighting a pathway up her body's curves. "How are you—"

He wrapped his hands around her head and put his mouth against her, pushing his tongue in. The action sent shivering waves rolling through her body.

Kaze released his mouth. "You needn't voice your deepest desires. Just let your body do the talking."

His charming voice made her close her eyes and allow herself to be picked up and placed on the sink, which [conveniently] had a removable cover. It was a table until removed, showcasing the bathroom was primarily used for [other] purposes.

Marilyn spread her legs, allowing him to move forward. He immediately unbuttoned her white shirt, exposing her perfectly proportionate C-plus cup breasts and unveiling the black laces bra underneath.

During that time, she worked to unbuckle his belt, which she found difficult to do while he undressed her. She succeeded and unzipped his pants.

"Let me show you a new world," Kaze requested with a smile, gliding up her neck and moving to her ear before stopping on her forehead.

A profound blueprint of sexual wisdom entered her mind. The vastness of sexual exploration captivated her and made her yearn for experiences.

It started with a form of breathing that she instinctively tried. When she did, her body felt rolling waves of pleasurable heat moving toward her chest and thighs.

Marilyn tried to ask questions, but he put his finger on her lips. "Keep that breathing, and let me give you the answers you seek."

She obeyed, allowing herself to explore the cosmic world of energy circulating through her body.

When Kaze reached into her skirt and slid his fingers on the back of her thighs, she finally understood. Qi guided pathways to her pleasure points, and Kaze glided his fingers against them skillfully.

He glided to her waist and gripped her panties, slowly pulling them off as his ring finger glided down an intricate pleasure channel.

"Mmmmhn~" Marilyn moaned while biting her lower lip.

Kaze put her black lace panties on the toilet lid, released his hard rod, and used it to part her lips on the top, touching against her clitoris.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!~" The attendant screamed with unrivaled pleasure as it touched. She hadn't learned how to control the energy flowing through her, so the Qi pressing on her lower body hit her pleasure channels without release.

"Breathe." Kaze instructed with a charming voice, allowing her time to regain her senses.

Once she gripped control again, he slowly slid his member into her.

"AhhhhhhhhhHHHHHH!~" Marilyn screamed in ecstasy, letting her back crash against the mirror.

While inside her, Kaze closed his eyes and summoned the blueprint for [Spiritual Connection]. With the image clear in his mind, he began cultivating it.

Marilyn felt her soul leave her body and embrace Kaze's, melding them together in a celestial experience that brought their spirits together.

As she gasped for breath, keeping her mind from getting lost in the deeper part of her consciousness, he slowly weaved through their Qi channels.

Yin and Yang Qi were created when a human body processed Elemental Qi before release. By dual cultivating, the individuals could tap the resource again, nearly doubling the amount of Qi intake they processed.

Moreover, it didn't rip open someone's meridians, as it recirculated Qi instead of intaking it. Instead, it exhaled Elemental Qi, making the intake of new Elemental Qi effortless because it was [breathing].

Still, her Yin Qi was vastly inferior to his Yang Qi, so he skillfully limited his output, allowing her to safely experience a divine-grade technique as a mortal.

Marilyn's body developed a pink glow, intaking Elemental Qi as processed Yin Qi exhaled from her body. The Elemental Ki turned pure white, contorting the space in a pink and white swirling pattern, mixing into a marbled look as the colors interacted but didn't mix.

Kaze's glowed in a faint blue light. When his processed Yang Qi exhaled, it marbled and swirled with Elemental Qi which turned black.

The small room glowed in two colors, one half pink and the other blue, as their bodies attracted the rich Qi housed within each other. It created a light purple color around their bodies, highlighted by non-glowing black and white marbling.

Kaze pulled back. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh~!"

The motion caused Marilyn's body to lurch forward as their spiritual energy tugged her two him, attracting her like a magnet. She instinctively wrapped around his neck to keep their body close as he circulated the Yin and Yang Qi around their inner spirits and then pushed his rod in again.

"AhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHH~!"

She screamed in unreserved ecstasy. The motion connected their meridian patterns, connecting their Yin and Yang Qi in their spiritual body.

Marilyn's Yin Qi circulated through Kaze's body and vice versa, sharing their energy intimately, mining the Qi dormant in their bodies.

He pulled back and thrust again, restarting the cycle. "AhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHH~!"

The divine grade technique was too profound for the amount of Qi in the atmosphere, so it warped space itself as the air pulled as much energy into the area as possible.

"Ahhhh~ Ahhhhhh~ Ahhhhhhhh~!"

After thirty minutes of a semi-hallucinogenic spiritual experience, he pushed her past the edge, summoning Qi to push through all of her pleasure channels.

"AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHH~!"

Marilyn shut her eyes as tight as possible as she screamed as loud as possible to release the pleasure she received.

"I'm going to release rich Yang Qi into your body, so keep cultivating." Kaze explained in a steady, hypnotic voice while releasing energy from her pleasure channels.

"O-Okay. I'm o-on birth control." She said between sharp breaths of sensitivity.

"Don't worry. You can't get pregnant unless I want you to." He replied while closing his eyes.

A vortex of black energy warped around the area, dimming the atmosphere, contrasting against the purple energy illuminating their bodies.

Kaze thrust forward, channeling Yang Qi in her body and then pulling Yin Qi back through her meridians. The spiritual form of each was filled with their corresponding color, slowly becoming perfectly white and black.

Once their spiritual forms were perfectly black and white, a torrent of liquid poured into her body.

"AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHH~!"

Their spiritual bodies melted into each other, creating a perfect balance of white and black energy.

His usage of his divine-grade cultivation technique pushed her body, without cultivation, through the Mortal Realm, instantly breaking into the early stages of the Earth realm.

Kaze had pushed forward to the top of the Sky realm. In a world where few competing forces breathed Qi, his divine-grade technique was an endless vortex supplying the energy he needed to paint the world with.

Marilyn's chest rose and fell, and her legs shook as Kaze pulled out of her body.

She opened her eyes and saw Kaze's rich green eyes connecting to her. After the sexual experience, she felt connected to him, comfortable, and understanding.

"That was…." Marilyn began, trying to express what was on her mind.

"Spiritual, love." Kaze said with a charming smile.

She looked up at him with wide eyes. "What?"

"Spiritual. The word you're looking for is spiritual." He confirmed with a slight smile.

The word perfectly described her thoughts, putting her thoughts into words. She only asked for confirmation because Kaze didn't describe it as an analogy. His confidence presented it as a hard fact.

Marilyn nodded in acceptance and smiled. She had never felt so pure and blissful.

"I feel amazing." She chuckled in disbelief.

"That's why you should work for people that deserve you and enjoy sex for what it is." Kaze said while handing her a sheet of paper.

It had his phone number. "In two weeks, I'll have a faction. I'll fly you out to join me when it's set up."

Marilyn's eyes widened in disbelief at his charming smile. She immediately nodded, fully accepting her new life.

"You'll need this." Kaze chuckled while touching her forehead. Another blueprint, far less profound, entered her mind.

"Illuminecent Breathing?" She asked in confusion.

"You'll know why you need it when the time comes." He replied mysteriously while pulling up his pants, "In the meantime, I'll let you freshen up."

Marilyn slowly stepped down from the sink, braced her hands against it to keep standing, and pulled her skirt down. Kaze chuckled and walked up, slowly buttoning her shirt with a gentle demeanor, and walked out the door.

When he did, two other women working for the sky cruiser in other positions hid immediately. They were listening to the sex as if in a trance.

They heard "orgasms" often, but it was always faked. Beyond being genuine, the moaning coming from the bathroom was unworldly.

Kaze tilted his body to make eye contact with the two embarrassed women.

"No need to be shy, loves." He said with a charming voice, "If you're curious, there's still two hours left, and I'm not reserved."

—

[A/N: Conventional info dump [too long for AN]. The body intakes Elemental Qi and is processed to create fuel for techniques. Unrefined Qi circulates, creating Yin Qi in females and Yang Qi in males. It isn't used and is eventually exhaled.

Dual cultivation extracts the Qi with sophisticated and highly cultured refinement techniques. The processed Qi is released [in bulk], and the body intakes more Qi as it inhales. It's like squeezing a bottle. It pushes air outward and then sucks it back in after release. Same concept.

Dual cultivation processes Elemental Qi is like oil extraction. Crude oil separates into butane, gasoline, kerosene, diesel, and heavy gas oil in that order. Techniques run on butane and gasoline, but the body can use kerosene, diesel, and heavy crude energy with further refinement.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Fun fact: Green tea, white tea, oolong tea, and black tea are made from the same leaf in the same way. As the leaf oxidizes, it extracts more caffeine, which is why black tea has the highest quantity.]