"If I'm giving the orders, is using you to degrade myself still a show of dominance?" Kylie asked nervously, standing naked before him.

"Of course." Kaze replied magnetically, "You're instructing me to fulfill your desires. What your desires are is irrelevant."

"I… don't have much experience and don't know how I feel about it." She dry-swallowed nervously, "Will you go more than once?"

"Time permitting, I will go as many times as you wish." Kaze replied brazenly, "I assure you, Kylie, there is no limit."

Her eyes widened in surprise, thinking about all the times her partners tapped out after one go for the rest of the night, leaving her depressingly unsatisfied.

"That's quite the marked claim, isn't it?" Kylie mused with a bewitching smile, "I suppose I'll need to test whether it's true.

You know, to see if you can back your words."

"You can try." Kaze replied, narrowing his eyes and relaxing them quickly, giving her a predatory glare that got her back in the mood.

She felt waves of excitement crash through her body after his words. He wanted her to explore, trying anything and pushing the limits.

"I see. Then stand still and stay silent." Kylie ordered boldly.

Kaze gave her a slight smile and stood still as she walked up, completely nude, reaching to his neck.

She dry-swallowed with shallow breaths as she unbuttoned the shirt slowly, taking her time.

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Once the two sides separated, revealing his chiseled chest and abs, she pressed her bare chest against it slowly.

The cute brunette savored having her breasts, her most significant source of self-consciousness, against his body, making her feel bolder.

Kylie closed her eyes and visualized what she wanted, learning she could have her two fantasies combined.

She could be a beloved woman with a strong, dominant man and someone who enjoyed being in control and having others fulfill her desires simultaneously. At least in a twisted sense.

The cute brunette unbuckled his belt while looking him in the eyes.

After releasing it and unzipping his slacks, she dropped to her haunches, pulled them down alongside his boxers, and stared at his domineering member.

It was at least twice the size of her prior partners, and she wondered if he'd make her feel like a virgin again.

She shivered but felt excitement, reaching out and grabbing his base.

A pulse of primal desire shot through her when she touched it, and she moved from her feet down to her knees, fully submissive.

"I want you to cum as soon as possible after seeing me satisfied." Kylie instructed, "Let me know when you're ready."

"As you wish." Kaze smiled, looking at the trembling brunette who was putting on a depressingly unconvincing front.

Kylie opened her mouth and put as much of his penis inside it as possible before closing her mouth.

The feeling sent static-like pleasure crashing through her body.

Knowing she was in control and didn't need to worry about his judgment or pleasing him, as satisfying her gave him pleasure, made her feel like she could explore.

Kylie closed her eyes and pulled back with her tongue gliding down his shaft until she got to his tip.

Instead of rolling her tongue around it, she sucked on it passionately, experimenting.

Kaze closed his eyes, enjoying her experimentation. He loved women opened their sexual horizons naturally.

She opened her mouth and took a deep breath, then let her tongue guide his shaft back into his mouth.

Once she hit the back of her mouth, she kept pushing, deep-throating him.

After doing it, she nearly gagged and came to a conclusion: she did [not] like deep-throating.

However, she was experimenting with Kaze, learning these things about herself, making her negative discovery exciting.

Kylie pulled back again and continued her exploration. She placed both of her small hands onto his shaft, which was horrifyingly easy, and began subtly twisting them in opposite directions.

He gave her a wry smile when she used too much force but slightly hummed when she released the grip pressure.

Getting feedback made left her feeling thrilled and seeking further validation.

The cute brunette twisted her hands forward and backward, using her mouth to practice the technique without worrying about the effects.

Her confidence built quickly, and soon she pleased him to her heart's content.

Kaze let her express herself fully, not giving her profound sexual knowledge. If he did, it would detract from the point—free exploration.

Seeing his pleasure channels would take away the excitement of self-discovery, something he hadn't experienced in thousands of years.

Kylie became more aggressive, determined to make him cum naturally. He found the effort commendable, so he played along, giving her the illusion.

As her passion increased, he took sharper breaths and trembled periodically, driving her wild.

Once he saw her peaking in satisfaction, he closed his eyes. "I'm close to coming."

Her heart pulsed, throbbing in excitement.

"I… want you to cum on my face." Kylie said, releasing her mouth from his body, "On my breasts and anywhere else.

Some women I know say they've enjoyed it, so I want to know what it's like."

"As you wish." Kaze smiled, "Resume, and I'll make it happen."

Kylie nodded, slowly put his penis back into her mouth, and resumed using her new technique, which she thought brought him to the edge.

She began again with fervor in passion, moving to the tune of Kaze's hums and twitches, giving the perfect illusion of getting his passion back.

As she continued, he summoned a technique that promoted fertility growth and another to sterilize it. He was prepared to give her wish—with interest.

"I'm coming.' Kaze said hurriedly, pulling out, pushing her hands away, and stepping back.

Before Kylie could prepare herself, a massive shot of hot liquid crashed into her cheek.

She gasped as she closed her eyes, and a large quantity amount shot into her mouth, filling it.

It was nearly suffocating to suddenly have the thick liquid in her mouth, so she reflexively began swallowing cum for the first time.

She didn't like the taste of it or its thickness, but it gave her a strange primal pleasure.

Her chest got splashed with a full load as she struggled to get her breathing back on track.

Kylie's breasts became waterfalls of dripping liquid, sending streams down her cleavage and creating waterfalls from her nipples to her thighs.

The cute brunette was a hardcore crime scene.

Everything happened so fast. One second she was in control; she was struggling to stay breathing as her body got plastered in multiple locations the next.

The experience felt truly degrading. Demeaning. Dehumanizing.

After doing it, Kylie came to a conclusion: she [loved] it.

Even after Kaze finished releasing his seed on her, she was swallowing cum and feeling over her body in random places.

It was messy and genuinely debilitating.

Kylie couldn't put her clothing back on because it would leave stains from the inside in random locations. Or it'd stick the shirt to her skin.

Worse, it was in locations clothing couldn't cover, so she was a walking shame post.

No, just thinking about what she looked like was humiliating. The feeling—was wild.

She didn't know what to do about it; she'd have to find a way to clean her hair, something to wipe it off her chest, and her makeup was in disarray.

Thinking about how much work it'd take to fix herself was mind-bending.

[That was what made it thrilling.]

It was so chaotic.

In a moment, her entire world changed.

"Well?" Kaze smiled in amusement, "Did you enjoy it?"

Kylie panicked, blushing furiously and looking up at him with the fluidity of a rusty cog. She forgot that someone did see her in her humiliated state!

Her heart pulsed and then doubled down when he saw the accepting gaze on his face.

It calmed her significantly and allowed her to continue.

"It… is not what I expected—in a good way." Kylie confessed, "However, I'm mortified and don't want to find more degrading things I enjoy.

So… if you're still willing, can we just have vanilla sex to decompress?"

"Oh, love." Kaze replied, giving her a fiendish smile that sent a network of primal emotions through her body.

"I can perform gentle mercenary sex, but I refuse to give a beautiful woman anything [vanilla].

Decompress is also out of the question. However—"

Kylie gulped nervously, listening in slight fear.

"—you're experimenting, yes? Would you like to experiment with what it means to put [me] into control?"

Her eyes trembled with excitement. "Please."

"Excellent." Kaze smiled, handing her a towel, "But please clean up first. I'm sure you're a bit… uncomfortable."

Kylie looked down, realizing she had forgotten she was on her knees, covered in his cum!

After cleaning herself off, he waved his hand and created a dome of warping space.

"W-What is this!?" She stuttered in panic.

"A sound barrier." He smiled, reaching down his hand to help her up, "Trust me, Kylie. You'll be grateful in just a few seconds."

"We'll see about that." Kylie replied, narrowing her eyes in suspicion and reaching up her hand to let him help her stand.

Kaze reached down and glided his fingers down her forearms on the way to her hand.

The second his golden fingers touched—she was grateful he put up the sound barrier.

—An hour and a half later: Lockheed Mansion—

Kaze walked through the same wall with Kylie, whose stupid smile and body language were surreal.

She looked like she mistook Xanax for chocolates, ate a handful, and abruptly forgot the meaning of stress, fear of pain, or the value of responsibility.

If people weren't traumatized into trusting Kaze and didn't know he was a sex god, they'd immediately suspect a crime occurred.

"W-What happened to you, Kylie?" Brad asked in confusion.

"Good things." Kylie replied dumbly, "Great things. Oh my god, the best things."

—

[A/N: Naturally, there will be plenty of BDSM with Kaze being dominant ad, like in the dark fantasies chapter. I only cut the scene here because I can't write more than 1900 words without making things cost 2 FP, which I want to avoid. Thanks for reading!]