Evalyn's heart beat uncontrollably as Kaze sat up, put his hands around the back of her neck lightly, and pulled her down to his chest.

Midway, he moved his hands to her face and connected his lips against hers.

Pulses of ecstasy and cathartic release rippled through her body. It had been less than two weeks since he had kissed her, but it felt like it was a lifetime.

Her perfectly proportionate breasts touched down on his chest, letting him feel her pounding heart and sharp breaths.

In a flight of passion, she lightly pushed her tongue into his mouth, initiating a make-out session.

When he accepted, waves of emotional and sexual vindication crashed over her. She was finally releasing her desires for the first time.

Kaze disconnected his lips after the passionate session, and she stared at him in confusion.

"Why did you stop?" Evalyn asked, puzzled by the shift.

"This is what you want, yes?" He asked mysteriously, "Me to kiss you? To prove you mean something to me?"

Her eyes trembled for a moment before gliding to the left, erratically trying to decipher her thoughts.

"Of course, that's what I want. But I...." She said before blushing, embarrassed to confess her abrupt sexual desires.

His smile relaxed into a complex expression.

"Do you seek sex out of jealously?" Kaze asked discerningly, "Mental liberation?

Or do you seek sex with me because you want to have it?"

Evalyn dry-swallowed nervously, unsure herself. "I... can't you treat me like everyone else and let me sleep with you and regret my decision later?

I'm sure you can annoy me back into your life, right?"

He shook his head subtly and quickly in positive perplexion, wearing a bright smile. Her retort genuinely amused him, and he couldn't deny it either.

After another breathless chuckle, he locked eyes with her, making her shiver. His expression was genuine and tore through her soul.

"I love you, Evalyn." Kaze declared, shattering her soul, "So I can't treat you like other women. I won't try to do so, either."

Evalyn's heart skipped a beat, and she stared into his eyes for clues to his confusion.

"You deserve someone devoted to you for life, reliable in all situations, and faithfully monogamous--I'm only two of those things. " He declared with a hopeless smile.

Her expression cracked at his minorly self-deprecating smile, and she burst into giggles.

"You don't say?" Evalyn laugh-scoffed in amusement, "Do you think I kissed you with delusions that you'd be my faithful husband one day?"

He gave her a mocking smile. "No, but according to you, you should hate me for my psychopathic behavior and debaucherous ways. That's a recipe for regret, is it not?"

"Exactly. I just pointed out you are a narcissistic mass murderer who roams around destroying future sex lives." She retorted mockingly.

"I know who you are, so if I get bent that you won't be a monogamous lover afterward, I'm a fucking idiot and deserve to be emotionally hurt."

Kaze gave her a mocking expression that said [you are a fucking idiot and will get hurt].

She didn't like that.

"I'll bet my left arm that you didn't question the other Evalyn's decisions, even when they were bad." Evalyn snapped in annoyance, "Or am I wrong?"

He gave her a strange smile that conveyed a half-yielding expression. "I did not. However, she wasn't impulsive and didn't do anything she knew she'd regret. Least of all when it came to me--"

"You're the worst, but I want to have [regret sex] with you regardless!" Evalyn snapped, "Unless you don't want to, shut up and take me, asshole!"

Without giving him room to retort, she connected their lips and pushed her tongue into his mouth.

He gave in, helpless to stop her, and used his hands to glide up her sides.

Evalyn shivered in ecstasy as his bare fingers ran up her side and wrapped around her back.

She pressed her breasts against his chest harder and wrapped her thighs around his left leg.

"Mhmn~" Evalyn moaned gently, no longer hiding her passion or desires.

After voicing her desires and seeing his consent, she became aware of the rest of her body.

Her long-neglected lower half became unbearably sensitive as her panties touched his leg.

"Kaze...." She whispered, disconnecting her lips.

"Yes, mam?" Kaze asked with a charming smile, mocking her domineering attitude.

Evalyn didn't care in the slightest. She wanted release from all her sexual, emotional, and mental frustrations and knew he could do it for her. "Kaze, please go down on me. Please."

He smiled at her extra please, which made up for her customary [will you] statement. She averted her gaze and explained.

"You're a very large man, and I'm a very unadventurous virgin." She pleaded, "I want to have sex now, but I don't want pain to stand between me and releasing this unbearable--ah!"

Kaze flipped her body over with so little effort that she felt like she entered zero gravity until she landed on the mattress, her back pressed against the pink sheets.

He pushed the covers with his back as he got into position. Then he glided his hands from her lower back down her sides.

She gasped in frustration as his fingers moved past her hips and down to her lower thighs, completely ignoring her lower half.

However, her heart and body pulsed when his fingers glided back up her thighs to her hips. He grabbed the elastic of her pink panties and gently tugged them lightly.

Evalyn had a primal urge to knee him in the face for playfully teasing her so aggressively, but she also wanted to thank him.

She was so aroused and sensitive that even minor fluctuations in her panties felt satisfying and relieving.

When Kaze finally pulled down, she felt twisting, conflicted emotions that marbled instead of clashing.

She instinctively lifted her legs for him to peel the panties off. As he did, she felt self-conscious about someone seeing her pussy. However, she wanted him to see it.

Kaze was on her mind twenty-four-seven for positive, negative, and mixed reasons.

Now he was gently pulling her pink panties off her ankles, letting them drop to the bed.

Evalyn gasped in aggressive anticipation as he turned her, his head moving between her legs.

"Ahhhhhh~gah~Kaze~grrr." She moaned, gasped, and growled as he used the tip of his tongue to glide down her inner thigh.

The action was erotic, but she was aggressively sexually repressed, awaiting her first sexual experience, and the anticipation felt like torture.

Kaze lifted his head slightly and paused.

Evalyn swallowed nervously, watching the top of his head with intense anticipation, knowing he would touch down at any moment.

The suspense was excruciating--but so was the anxiety.

The blonde's heart pounded uncontrollably, awaiting the moment.

She was a nervous wreck.

However, after three more seconds, her eyes trembled in a crazed state. "Kaze, what are you--AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHH~!"

Evalyn squeezed her eyes shut and screamed in overwhelming pleasure as he pushed his tongue into her lips and skillfully rolled his tongue around her clit.

It sent uncontrollable surges of pleasure pulsating through her body, arching her shoulders against the bed.

While his teasing strategy would typically vex her something savage, she had never been so grateful because--

"AhhhhhhHHHaahhhHHHaaahhHHH~!" Evalyn moaned in melodic scales, experiencing multiple rolling orgasms pulsing through her body.

--Kaze relieving her soul-shattering sexual tension became an ecstasy-driven act of mercy.

Every second provided her with the pinnacle of satisfaction. It vindicated every ounce of frustration she experienced in their relationship. She felt liberated.

"W-Why aren't you using your cultivat--AhhhhHHHaaahHH~!" Evalyn moaned, wondering why he wasn't using dual cultivation.

Kaze disconnected his tongue momentarily, knowing she had already had multiple orgasms.

"Since I cannot convince you to refrain from me until you love for who I am, the least I can do is ensure you don't feel like I've sexually hexed you with a technique." He replied mysteriously.

Evalyn looked down at his arrogant smile in confusion. "What are you talking about?"

"Surely you don't think we'll do this, and you'll be satisfied for life, do you?" Kaze claimed with a strange smile.

An icy shiver crawled down her spine when she saw the sinister glint in his eyes. "What's that look for?"

"You don't think I'd turn down sexual pleasure with the person I love unless I have a reason, yes?" He mused.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Evalyn dry-swallowed nervously with strained breathing. "W-What's going to happen?"

Kaze gave her a wicked smile, glancing between her legs and then back into her eyes. "Do you feel that anxiety in your chest? That slight fear of the future?"

Of course, I do!" She cried, not understanding his point, "That's why I'm--ahhhhhhhHHHhhaaaahhhHHhhaaHH~!"

The blonde screamed in extreme ecstasy as his tongue opened her lips, pressed against her cit, and moved up in a slow, pressured movement.

He vibrated his tongue lightly as he moved, creating waves of pleasure in one motion.

"Wh-What does t-this--aaahhhhHHhhhahhHH~!" Evalyn screamed again, running her fingers through his short, pitch-black hair.

"I don't see under--aaahhhhHHHhhhahhhhHHHhhaaahHHH~!"

Kaze grinned, never letting allowing her the ability to speak--or think.

Evalyn's eyes rolled to the back of her head. She ran her fingers through every inch of Kaze's hair and then moved her hands to the back of the poster bed.

A moment later, she moved her hands to the pillows and then switched to gripping the sheets.

Within a few seconds, both of her hands were playing with his hair again.

The waves of pleasure were hostile, surging through her body, making every motion he made pleasurable and painful simultaneously.

"Wh-What is this... feeling?" Evalyn asked between moans, digging her fingernails into her palms to relieve tension, "I-I thought I had orgasms!"

"Oh, love." Kaze laughed breathlessly, disconnecting his lips slightly, "You've had waves of rolling orgasms but not the main orgasm. I've been holding off."

"D-Did you just say you've been holding--ahhhhHHHhhaahhHHHHhhhaaahhHH~!"

Evalyn gripped his hair as Kaze flicked his tongue against her clit, recapturing her sexual attention. Then he rolled his tongue, moving it rhythmically to her moaning.

Within five seconds--

"I... I'm... ahhhHHHhhaaahhHHH~!" She moaned, shifting her legs uncontrollably, trying to get away but pulling herself back, "I feel like I'm going to...."

Evalyn screamed in unreserved pleasure, unable to hold herself back. In less than ten seconds, her entire body felt like it was melting, pulsing, and convulsing simultaneously.

Every feeling was warlike.

The blonde tried to look down, but her eyes shut closed again and--

"AhhhHHHhhhaaahhhHHHhhhaaahhhhHHHhhhaaahhhHHH!"

She screamed and kept screaming, pressing Kaze's head down, her shoulders rocking back and forth.

A supernova of pleasure sucked her mind into a black hole after.

Evalyn didn't know when it stopped or when she stopped screaming. She didn't think of anything for three minutes as her chest rose and fell.

When she finally opened her eyes, she met Kaze's charming smile and vibrant green eyes.

Just the sight of him made her heart pulse uncontrollably.

Shivers of emotions surged through her body, overwhelming her mind and body.

Evalyn thought she was attracted to Kaze and had feelings for him--

--she was wrong.

It occurred to her that she never knew what it was like to feel genuinely connected to a person and willing to devote everything to them.

She was blind to how she truly felt about him.

Now that she had expressed her desires and was honest with herself, she could finally accept how she felt.

The only word that could describe the way she thought about him was lov--

"Meet oxytocin." Kaze announced with a hypnotic smile and magnetic voice.

Evalyn blinked twice in confusion, snapping out of her emotional haze. "What?"

"Oxytocin." He smiled, "It's one hell of a drug. It's released after sex to keep people emotionally attached so they'll rear children with one another. It makes people feel like--"

"They're in love?" She asked with terrified, trembling eyes.

"Cor~rect." Kaze smacked, "Between that and that sexual enlightenment you experienced, you'll want to return for future sex and feel far more driven toward a relationship."

Evalyn looked into his partially self-deprecating eyes, which didn't say [I told you so], but [It's disagreeable, but the damage is done]. "So... what does this mean... for you, me... us?"

She understood things would get complicated. So she wanted to listen before she snapped out of her blissful haze and learned the hard way.

"Well, there's nothing we can do about our relationship dynamic changing." Kaze asked with a hypnotizing voice, "It's not like it's all disagreeable.

So we might as well enjoy it and make the most of it, yes?"