After a satisfied breath, he laid on the mattress with his Greek statue body and an arrogant smirk that said [try to resist me].

When she saw it, flashbacks of the pleasure she had experienced played back in her mind.

In an instant, she felt a ravaging desire to have sex again. If necessary, she would beg for it. However—

"I won't lie… I want you so bad." Evalyn confessed hesitantly, "But I'm so sensitive that moving is nearly painful. It's depressing."

"Come now, don't tell me you think sex is only pleasurable if you're physically pleased." Kaze replied with a mocking smile, pulling down his boxers.

When she saw his rigid ten-inch member, her entire body heated up.

She was pulled to it magnetically with a crazed, lustful expression.

Whether it was hormones or something else was irrelevant, she wanted it in her mouth—it was an indisputable fact.

"I never thought…." Evalyn chuckled to herself under her breath, listening to her thoughts with a wry, mocking smile.

Until five seconds ago, she was convinced she'd never suck someone's dick. It seemed embarrassing and degrading, so she thought she'd charm her way out of it.

She had the beauty, body, smile, and career prospects that made sex irrelevant—to almost anyone. So she'd likely avoid it, assuming she never met someone like Kaze.

Evalyn wasn't naive enough to think it was off the table. However! She never thought she'd want to, let alone desperately!

"Your desire for control and power is gruesomely ironic." Kaze laughed derisively, making her eyes flash with fury, "What's the point of control and power if you do not do what you want?"

"I…." Evalyn dry-swallowed nervously, "Aren't you obsessed with your reputation?

Do you not prevent doing actions that may taint it?"

"What crazed fetish do you think I'm suppressing?" Kaze asked mockingly, capturing her attention, "You presented a dozen traits about me that necessitate you dislike me, yes?

So what exactly do you think I'm hiding?"

"Nothing." Evalyn replied wryly, "I just can't believe you, a person who won't let military generals disrespect him, would flaunt a scandalous, playboy reputation. It just doesn't make sense."

"I have power, and I satisfy my desires with it." Kaze smirked, "Just as I recommended."

"I envy you." She chuckled in self-degradation.

"Then why don't you try it?" He asked with slightly narrowed eyes.

Evalyn's heart thumped, abruptly getting slammed back into the moment. "I'll... try.

But what I want goes beyond going down on you. I'll tell you, but I want you to promise me you'll never tell a soul, and you won't mock or judge me."

"I never disclose intimate details, and I'll never judge people for sexual desires." Kaze said with a gentle smile.

She took a sharp breath, opening and closing her mouth multiple times, trying to find the words to say. "Kaze, I'm obsessed with control and order for everything. It's as painful as it is repulsive.

The thing I desire about you is that you make it impossible for me to be in control. It feels liberating, and right now...."

Evalyn looked at Kaze with profound sincerity in her crystal blue eyes. "Kaze, I want you to take control of me.

Now, and only now, I want you to order me around and tell me what to do."

Kaze studied Evalyn's expressions after telling him she wanted to be a sub and requesting that he order her around. "Are you sure?"

"Yes… but not in a humiliating way." She clarified, "I just want you to drive and prevent my toxic obsession with control from ruining both of our experiences."

Kaze looked into her eyes, and she shivered, hoping he would and wouldn't judge her for being a toxic hypocrite simultaneously.

He did neither.

After giving her a strange smile, he laid on his back with his hands behind his neck, facing the ceiling with his still erect member pointing to the sky.

Her desires suppressed her embarrassment, staring at his lower half in a trance, hypnotized by his lower half.

"Evalyn, I want you to do with my penis as you wish." Kaze ordered deviously.

Evalyn's eyes trembled, and her heart beat uncontrollably. He removed the benefit of letting him decide by shirking the responsibility onto her!

"By that, I mean for you to suck it, of course." He added charmingly.

The blonde gave him a wry smile but forgot her discontent and remembered his orders. She took a sharp breath, looking down to see the subject.

It was menacing and exceedingly indelicate. Just thinking about it sent icy shivers down her spine—but not in a bad way.

Evalyn's heart thumped as she pushed off the bed, crawling to him on all fours like a cat. She enjoyed the motion.

Just imagining that her bare, meticulously shaved pussy wasn't covered, openly displayed as she crawled to Kaze, was mortifying yet thrilling to her.

It felt like she was unconcerned with everyone's opinion for the first time. The world disappeared, and her past actions and pain vanished.

When she put her hand between his spread legs, passing the point of no return, her heart pounded rhythmically, and her body heated up as her head neared his.

She felt indelicate, primal—liberated, and alive.

"I don't know how to do this." Evalyn confessed, stating the obvious.

"You treat it like a popsicle with sensitive teeth." Kaze replied smoothly, "So long as your teeth don't touch, you're free to explore.

Your pleasure is my pleasure, so please enjoy yourself without reservation."

Evalyn nodded after the demonstration and looked at his member again. She hesitantly reached her hand to the base, letting her pounding heart give her confidence.

Her hand gently wrapped around the shaft, and a shiver of thrill and ecstasy shot through her body.

Kaze watched her pleasure with a satisfied smile, loving that he could witness Evalyn exploring her desires this cycle.

While he was regretful that their relationship would get messy, it was also a blessing.

The Ice Phoenix was a repressed virgin for over a century, denying all pleasure. At least now, primal urges would drive her to think of her desires, even if they were only primal.

Evalyn dry-swallowed nervously, lustfully staring at Kaze's member in her hand.

She couldn't believe she was about to suck a man's cock and enjoy it, but it was the truth. The idea drove her crazy because the contradiction made the action feel rebellious.

After a few seconds of her primal instincts fighting against her personality, she let the former win and hesitantly opened her mouth slowly—awkwardly.

Kaze watched with genuine excitement. His love for Evalyn and her personality was genuine, so seeing her express herself made him genuinely aroused.

Evalyn lowered her head, letting his penis enter her mouth until it approached her throat, waited to build sexual tension, and then—

"Mhmn~" Kaze hummed, closing his eyes in genuine pleasure.

—closed her mouth, letting her tongue wrap around his shaft, and sucked.

He enjoyed feeling her tongue glide up his shaft to the head slowly.

It was an inspired action.

Evalyn was enjoying the feeling of pleasing him and expressing her emotions.

She wanted to please him and herself, so her every motion tried to do both.

Hearing his light humming excited her and motivated her to give him what he wanted.

After getting to the top, Evalyn opened her mouth and looked at his tip.

She remembered the difference between his tongue touching her lips and her clit.

Inspired to explore and experiment, she lightly licked his tip while looking at Kaze's expressions.

He smiled and hummed slightly, letting her know he enjoyed it.

Feeling more confident, she touched her tongue against his head and rolled it around the tip.

Kaze took a deep breath in genuine enjoyment. There is a vast difference in sexual pleasure between a stranger and someone a person's emotionally attracted to.

The sexual tension between the two had built up so long that her tongue rolling around his tip felt cathartic and pure.

He felt like he was reliving his first experience with her thousands of years ago.

Evalyn felt a myriad of positive emotions, seeing his positive sentimental expression. She could tell he enjoyed it as much as she was.

The validation alone made her feel equally emotional, increasing her desire to please him and express her genuine feelings for him.

The blonde glided her hand up and down his shaft as she sucked, rolling her tongue around his tip once every time she got to the top.

She spared no amount of effort to express herself.

Not just to feed her lust, physical desires, or hormones—to express her genuine feelings for him.

While her hormones made her emotions aggressive, she had known for weeks that she had feelings for him.

The way he respected, cared for, and protected her was so genuine it melted her heart.

It also felt natural, as if she had loved him for centuries.

Perhaps it was a memory graft like what Crux had experienced, but it didn't matter.

Even if it were still premature, there was no mistaking it.

Evalyn loved Kaze Lexicon.

The blonde pulled his member out of her mouth and used her left fingers to tuck locks of hair behind her ear and held it there.

She immediately opened her mouth after, inserting his penis deeper into her mouth and closing it, unrestrained by her hair.

Kaze hummed in pleasure, letting her know he was enjoying it.

Evalyn sucked passionately, relieving the tyrannical emotions she had held in her heart for weeks.

While she disapproved of his behavior, she loved him despite it.

Somehow she knew that even if they never had sex again, she'd stay with him for life.

She didn't know how their relationship would evolve.

Perhaps she would hate and resent him because she prematurely had sex with him, as he warned her against.

But…

Right then.

At that moment.

She didn't resent him.

Kaze Lexicon was special.

And she wanted to please him.

She wanted to express her emotions.

Her gratitude, desire, attraction, and… love.

Evalyn pushed his member in as far as possible every time, expressing her passion for him.

Listening to every cue from his humming and his body's subtle movements, she moved her head up and down, using her hand to follow her mouth.

Kaze enjoyed every moment of it, listening to her heartbeat and her emotions.

He intentionally twitched whenever she did something enjoyable, constantly giving her validation for her efforts.

Every time he did, her body would shiver, and she'd continue vigorously with renewed passion.

Their relationship was mutual.

He opened his eyes and gazed at her passionately.

Watching her break past her barriers to please him with her mouth made his heart and body sensitive.

For the first time in two millennia, he felt himself pushing to a climax naturally.

It was surreal.

After thousands of years of daily sex, he became desensitized to it, even in the Immortal Realm.

Even now, as she sped up, taking shallow breaths to keep up the momentum, bobbing her head without pause, he could reign himself in—

—but he didn't want to.

Waves of cathartic release and a desire to let go welled within him. He wanted to enjoy the feeling.

"Evalyn, I'll climax soon." Kaze said after a deep breath, "I'll let you know sooner, but be prepared."

Evalyn paused, her heart thumped, and an electric shock jolted through her body.

She became hyper-aware of his throbbing shaft deep in her mouth.

Her personality screamed to pull it out instantly and use her hand.

The only thing more degrading than sucking a man's dick was letting him cum in her mouth!

And the only thing worse than letting a man cum in her mouth was to swallow it!

It felt dirty and demeaning, running counterclockwise to everything she put into being a woman worthy of becoming a titan of industry.

She wanted to stand atop the world as a national leader.

To be a symbol of power and prestige.

A modern-day queen.

Thinking of a queen on her knees, praying to another man, felt weak—disgraceful.

It was a permanent stain on a blank canvas. And yet—

—Isn't that what gave it value?

If she felt it was a sacrifice, wasn't it the only way she could fully express her emotions?

Not just to him, but to herself?

Kaze was right. There was no point in power if she couldn't stand behind her desires.

If anyone called her a weak whore for going down on Kaze and pleasing him unconditionally.

—

Evalyn would snap their spine and drag them into the forest to die.

—

,m No, that's what she [would] do—

—If Kaze didn't kill them first.

That's what she loved most about him.

The emperor wouldn't let anyone trample over her.

If anyone did, he would kill them and massacre everyone they knew.

Kaze would meet anyone that tried to hurt her with swift, decisive retribution.

Evalyn's body heated up in passion, and she resumed, moving her tongue around his penis with unrestrained lust again.

The thought of him toppling an empire for her gripped her.

It was horrifyingly alluring.

It made her want to stand beside him forever—to give him everything.

Kaze took a deep breath as Evalyn rolled her tongue around his shaft as she moved up and down. Her hand became more aggressive and decisive.

Wholly accepting her desires and accepting him turned him on.

Eyes closed, he enjoyed every motion, every roll of her tongue, every second of it.

The passion, craving, and desire overwhelmed him.

With every second, he felt like he was getting closer to enlightenment.

Kaze opened his eyes to look down at the blonde, bobbing her head up and down. "I'm—"

Evalyn lifted her left hand to stop him.

All she wanted was for him to enjoy it completely without a word.

She wanted his body and gasps to tell her when it would happen.

His climax didn't feel like a sacrifice to her image anymore.

It felt like a reward for her emotional expression, passion, and effort to please him.

Kaze gasped and blinked twice as his body twitched.

He closed his eyes to embrace the pleasure of his climax.

Evalyn felt his shaft pulse against her tongue, and her heart thumped simultaneously.

The blonde continued at the same pace with her eyes closed, listening to his breathing, feeling his body, and experiencing his passion.

Her motions became sloppy yet refined, opening her mouth at the top and rolling her tongue around his tip before closing it and pushing it down.

She completed the motion as quickly as possible, expressing full pleasure without killing the momentum.

From start to finish, she wanted him to get maximum pleasure.

Evalyn continued without pause until his shaft started throbbing, fighting against her tongue.

Noticing the acute change, she closed her eyes as she bobbed, unknowing what would happen.

Kaze let his mind go blank, feeling his body's unreserved emotions and sensations welling up.

They were reaching a fever pitch, building up to the point of no return.

He opened his eyes to gaze at her, watching her up to his climax for a moment to gain a glimpse of her passion before closing his eyes, taking a sharp breath, and—

Hot liquid exploded into Evalyn's mouth, making her eyes snap open and gasp as it crashed against her throat.

—he came without reservation.

After she recovered from her initial shock, her body melted with feelings of physical and emotional vindication.

Now liberated, she enjoyed the feeling of the hot liquid filling her mouth. It felt like a reward for her efforts and desire to please him.

Once he stopped cumming, she glided her hand up his shaft to push out any left in him—she wanted it all.

Evalyn released her lips from his penis, her mouth full of cum.

She felt grungy. Indelicate. Impure.

Yet she felt like a woman as she turned to Kaze, looking at her with a complex smile.

After making eye contact—verifying that he could see her message—she swallowed.

Kaze gave her a slight smile. "I understand and accept your declaration."

Evalyn blushed slightly, turning away. "You may be the only person who knows that I just passionately sucked your dick, but I still wanted to make it clear I'm not ashamed of it.

If someone calls me a whore for enjoying sex, I'll cut off their dick and shove it down their throat.

I'm being dead serious."

"I do not doubt you on that." Kaze replied, smiling mysteriously. His smile made her shudder, claiming the Ice Phoenix had done just that.

"Wouldn't it bother you a little if I brutally maimed and killed someone for calling me a whore alone?" Evalyn asked, curious.

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Bother me?" He laughed heartily, falling flat on the mattress, "I'll go to war with the Malta military if they call you [that woman]. That wasn't a bluff.

If someone calls you a whore for embracing your feminine nature and desires, you'll learn how much faster I am at killing people than you."

Her expression crumbled, trying to process the absurdity of his first statement and the disturbing undertone of the second.

However, both were amusing, so she chuckled once, twice, and then burst into giggles.

"Get over here!" Kaze demanded playfully, grabbing her hips and pulling her forward.

"Eeeek! W-What are you—" Evalyn screeched, caught off guard by the sudden attack.

"—doing, you… jerk…."

The blonde stopped flailing when she found her naked body on top of his.

His vibrant green eyes had depth up close, and his body felt perfect and inviting.

She realized she had never felt so comfortable as she pressed her breasts against his chest.

"Did you enjoy it?" Evalyn asked hesitantly, "I don't even want to think about how many experienced women you've—"

Kaze put his fingers on her lips, making her puff out her cheeks, angered he'd shush her.

Before she could huff, he continued. "It was the best sexual experience I've had in four and a half millennia."

"How…." The blonde asked wide-eyed, understanding his implications but not understanding them.

"Desire." He smiled, "Passion. Tension. Desperation. Love.

These factors make sex special and feel pleasurable. That's why pleasing me right now was equally pleasurable with the orgasms I gave you, which would satisfy an empress."

Evalyn blushed, hearing him point out the degree she enjoyed going down on him. It also reminded her of her heated behavior moments before.

"My desire and passion for you, our tension, and desire for each other made it feel incredible." Kaze smiled, capturing our attention, "And stoked the small flame of love we share."

The blonde's face heated up, and her sky-blue eyes trembled. His statement felt like the nail in the coffin for her.

She knew hormones magnified her emotions tenfold, but she was glad he saw her genuine feelings underneath them.

Knowing that Kaze wasn't blind to her felt like deliverance from her emotional struggles.

While she hadn't been jealous and fixated on the other women in his life, his willingness to sleep with strangers, but denying her, hurt.

Now, she was finally free of those insecurities.

"I…." Evalyn whispered, trying to decide what to say, "... can understand, if only a little.

Just… this… laying naked on your body feels fantastic. I wish this could last forever."

Kaze smiled and brushed the hair from her eyes. "That's the benefit of being an immortal."