Evalyn's eyes trembled when Kaze reiterated his goal was to make her immortal and live with her forever.

Despite his obvious flaws, he did love her, and she felt a similar spark.

She snuggled into his chest for a moment, carefree for the first time since the apocalypse began, wishing to savor it.

Kaze hugged her gently, embracing her without reservation.

"Kaze…." Evalyn whispered hesitantly, "The lie everyone's living in the faction walls... will end tomorrow, won't it?"

He looked at the ceiling and took a deep breath. "The day after next.

Tomorrow morning we'll have a strategy meeting with the new management members.

Then we'll break the news to the Lockheed students and release them.

We're telling the regular faction members the day after."

"Thought so." She replied, smiling wryly, "If that's the case… can I ask for something selfish?

Just for one day before life goes to hell?"

"So long as it's within my abilities and doesn't hurt anyone, I'll let you be as selfish as you wish." Kaze smiled gently.

Evalyn blushed and dry-swallowed, averting her gaze in embarrassment. "I… just for today, will you… be my exclusive boyfriend?

I want to experience one more day of this bliss before I'm too cold and callous to enjoy it."

He gave her a warm, charming smile. "If only for today, I'll be your exclusive boyfriend and will not flirt with or charm another woman.

I gave you the day off training to take you shopping. Why don't we make it a date?"

Her face turned bright red. "A-A date?"

"That's what I suggested, yes?" Kaze replied with a confident, magnetic voice, "There's a charming mall here. I made sure of it."

Evalyn's heart thumped. She had never gone on a date before.

She was busy with life, afraid to get sidetracked, and too obsessive to go on one. Now, the most important person in her life requested her to go on one.

Her eyes teared up slightly, and she gave him a bright smile. "I'd love to go on a date."

"Great, let's take a short shower and get dressed." Kaze smiled, "We'll leave immediately after."

Evalyn's body heated up, thinking of having a shower with him. Her shower time was the most obsessively controlled part of her day, so bringing him into that space felt [dangerous].

The thrill made her feel alive.

She pushed herself off his body and [crawled] off the furthest part of the bed, making sure he could see her pussy and perfect bubble butt as she got off.

Kaze smiled with slightly narrowed eyes watching her. The Ice Phoenix was extremely charming and passionate in bed, but she was never [sexy]. He preferred this version of her. Naturally.

He got up and followed her slowly, letting her swivel her hips and turn around with a [catch me] expression.

The shower was in the corner of the bathroom inside a large glass box. It was a sitting shower that doubled as a sauna and had a detachable shower head for two people showering.

They took separate showers and enjoyed rinsing off, flashing each other smiles.

After the shower, the two dried off leisurely and walked back into the room.

Kaze created a spatial rift to his return to get a new outfit and return. When he did, Evalyn was waiting for him with a sassy expression, holding a piece of cloth in her hand.

"Be honest, does the repressed weeb locked within you subconsciously fantasize about seeing me wearing these?" She asked with a wicked smile.

He glanced at the iconic thick-striped pink panties. Then he lowered his eyes to her hips and slowly between her legs before moving back to her eyes with a slight smile.

"Pray tell, Evalyn." Kaze grinned, gazing at the now-nervous blonde, "How do you know about anime panties?"

She blushed and turned away in embarrassment. "That's a loaded question, and I asked you a question first."

"Hoh? I thought you liked loaded questions." He grinned, "I'll answer your inquiry if you satisfy mine after."

Determined to avoid the subject but get her answer, she turned around and bent over, showing him her bubble butt.

Kaze narrowed his eyes curiously, interested to see Evalyn Skye, his future ruthless lover bend over and slip her feet into weeby anime panties.

She slid them up, allowing them to hit the bottom of her butt before standing and pulling on them, lifting her ass slightly.

It gave the illusion that her bubble butt was too big for the panties to house it. He found it charming and delightful.

Evalyn turned to her side to get a good look at his face before pulling them up and studying his facial expressions. "What do you think?"

"I fantasized about seeing you in those." Kaze replied charmingly, reversing course on giving her his answer, "It didn't disappoint in the slightest."

The blonde blushed furiously, not expecting him to confirm her joke!

"R-Really?" She stuttered, "So you like them the most?"

"Of course." Kaze replied hypnotically, "You're officially my dream lover and fantasy waifu simultaneously.

This sight has vindicated the humiliating injustices I suffered in my early years."

Evalyn's face turned bright red to the tip of her ears, hiding her face and turning away.

"If you think I'm your waifu, then you should treat me like one." She pouted, realizing how embarrassing her reaction was."

"Hoh? You even know what a waifu is?" He mused, buttoning up his shirt, "I suppose that answers my question."

The blonde's mortification level exploded again, and she quickly dug through her lower drawers to find her leggings. "I-I liked a few anime, okay?

They have cute eyes and good stories."

She quickly put her feet into the legging and started pulling them onto her legs.

"What do you think about cat ears?" Kaze grinned maliciously.

Evalyn's eyes shot open, her face heated up, and she put on her leggings after. "Just get dressed. You promised me a date, and I don't want you to forget!"

"As you wish." He chuckled breathlessly, "I'll ask you on the way."

She quickly opened the bra drawer to avoid the subject but immediately cringed when she saw the matching pink-striped bra.

"I think cat ears are extremely cute." Evalyn huffed, giving up, "I watched a few anime.

People like you are so awkward, so I needed something to strike up my once-per-semester conversation with in high school.

So I watched some shows and fell in love with said few.

Naturally, I was a total cunt like everyone else popular and hid my love for them, didn't defend anyone that watched them, and even sometimes berated them."

She turned to him unabashedly, displaying her bare chest and staring him in the eyes.

"Then this guy who loved anime swept me off my feet, and I switched my tune—as popular people do." Evalyn explained with a depleted gaze, "Now I'm his battle waifu. It's a meme."

Kaze gave her a genuine, charming smile. "I spent less than a decade watching anime and then spent five millennia hating it for what it did to my reputation.

But, as of this moment, I've fallen in love with it again. Fully vindicated and charmed."

Evalyn blushed but flashed him a bright white smile, showcasing the emotions welling in her heart. He finally got through to her—she wasn't the Ice Phoenix to him.

Kaze Lexicon loved [her], the person he met for the first time a month ago.

He loved Evalyn Skye, the broken, toxic woman standing before him.

Somehow he loved everything about her that she hated about herself.

And the few things that she loved.

"Kaze…." Evalyn said with a choking laugh, holding back tears, "Today, and only for today, I want to be your waifu."

"I'd love it if you were my waifu for the day." Kaze chuckled breathlessly, "I'm sure we can agree never to announce such a thing, yes?"

"I'd rather die." Evalyn declared, instantly relaxing her expression into a resting bitch face.

"Then I'd love that." He smiled, walked up to her in her pink striped bra, gently lifted her face, and kissed her.

She opened her eyes with an emotional expression. "Can I tell you I love you during our foolish fantasy?"

"Of course." Kaze affirmed hypnotically.

"I love you, Kaze." Evalyn confessed with a flushed face, "Before today, this morning, and expressively after we had sex.

I want to be yours exclusively for the rest of… forever as immortals, but I can't.

I'll eventually accept that emotionally, but I do practically, but for now...

This is the first date I've ever gone on, so please make me feel special today as if I'm the only person that matters.

In this fleeting moment of happiness, it matters a lot to me."

His eyes widened at her cute omission, and he smiled gently.

"Your happiness is important to me." Kaze smiled genuinely, "Since I'd trade the lives of every person on each plane for you alone, it's only natural. Today, I'll show you that."

Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Evalyn shivered at his horrifying declaration, but it turned her on. She closed her eyes and parted her lips within a second, demanding a kiss to prove his words.

He quickly gave it to her, disconnected his lips, and slapped her ass. "Let's get going."

"As you wish." She replied mockingly, mimicking him as she threw on a loose white t-shirt.

He opened the door and led her down the stairs.

As always, he ignored the rainbow-colored jesters who saluted him.

Unlike usual, they didn't stop because they saw Evalyn and shivered, afraid to rub her the wrong way by putting down their hands.

To their surprise, Evalyn wasn't terrifying to gaze at. She was beautiful and smiling, making the men's hearts pump and the women's jealousy soar.

By the time they processed the scene, the two were already gone.

Kaze and Evalyn walked through the campus with satisfied expressions, passing countless faction members practicing in the grass.

"Hello, Faction Leader! And… Ms… Skye…."

"Hey there, Kaze. How…."

"Hey Emperor, I… hello… Ms. Skye…."

Everyone called out to him but froze after seeing his waifu.

Like the jesters, they became dazzled by her beautiful smile as she chatted with Kaze.

Evalyn was perfect in beauty, body, and dress. Adding her power and authority, she was perfect, like Kaze, but a female. She mesmerized everyone, stealing their hearts at a glance.

Then they'd snap out of their trance and find them already gone.

Kaze and Evalyn laughed at their reactions on their way to the Luxe.

When they arrived, she gave him a mocking smile. Seeing a $50,000,000 super mansion with white paint and luxurious gold and black accents.

Saying it was decadent was an understatement at a glance.

He chuckled because she didn't have a clue what awaited her inside.

Evalyn walked through the door and her eyes glazed over. The [lobby], which acted as a major ballroom leading two large curved staircases, was made of marble tiles.

The railing for the staircases was made of gold, and the steps were black, both popping against the white wall.

The bold black furniture around the walls had the same effect.

Abstract black and had gold splatter paint art pieces hung on the wall.

While a normal person would have a heart attack seeing the price tag on one of them, Kaze bought them seriously for lifeless background accents.

It was offensive to art collectors everywhere.

"This is…." Evalyn burst into uncontrollable giggles, trying to find a way to insult him but coming up short. Everything she was staring at was too absurd!

"Absurd, I know." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "But this place is exponentially more valuable than our living quarters.

It's the place that will give people comfort in the apocalypse.

It will be the only place on Earth where people can enjoy the old world and engage in its simple yet comforting luxuries."

She stopped laughing and looked around, thinking about his words.

It was true.

The blonde turned to him with a complex expression, studying his face to see if he had ulterior motives for creating the place.

However, she knew the answer—of course.

Still, just as capitalism improved people's lives by using people's greed to turn luxuries into necessities, so too was Kaze using people's desire for comfort to keep them alive.

"Will you hold my hand?" Evalyn asked, "I'm sure that's childish to you, but it'd mean everything to me."

Kaze reached out his hand. "Of course I will."

She dry-swallowed, slightly blushing as she took his hand.

"Let's take you shopping." He smiled, "I remember women liked to do that. I'm not sure if you did, but you look like you're enjoying normalcy today."

"I'd love to." Evalyn smiled, "But you're paying. Women like it when men do that."

"Luckily for me, I'm a billionaire, own this place, and everything's on the house." He countered, "I hear women [love] that."

"Don't call me a gold digger or I'll kill you in your sleep." She grumbled sarcastically, "It's a figure of sleep… speech, gah! Whatever."

Kaze laughed, listening to her stumble over her words. "Enough, let's go shopping."

He pulled her hand playfully, dragging her up the stairs.

Evalyn looked in wonder at the various rooms and ballrooms in the area. There were over a million clothing items in the Luxe, making her gasp in wonderment.

It was overwhelming, but she liked it.

"Let's get you a pair of black and white panties to make you comfortable." Kaze suggested with a gentle smile.

The blonde puffed out her cheeks in annoyance but saw he was being serious.

It made her blush, and she followed him to the intimates section.

Evalyn journeyed into the textile wonderland, picking out pieces and asking Kaze's opinion on various pairs.

He smiled and gave her his honest opinions.

She went in and out of the changing room, modeling for him with a charming smile.

They repeated the modeling in the pants and tops sections and even went cocktail dress shopping.

The blonde enjoyed modeling for him, constantly flashing charming smiles and changing her facial expressions during the period.

She felt like a college girl again for the first time in two weeks—and loved it.

"Now where?" Evalyn asked excitedly, holding multiplied bags of clothing.

She was now boldly wearing a pure white, wrapped cocktail dress and black heels.

The wrap started on the neck, creating a v to her chest, and moved to her thighs, wrapping to create a slight v between her legs.

It was curvy, but the wrap was common in business skirts for female CEOs, giving her figure power and beauty.

She loved the dress but regretted the heels because she felt their impractically was offensive.

"Would you like to get some food?" Kaze asked, replying to her curious question.

She gave him a slightly downcast smile, thinking he was already asking them to leave the Luxe.

"There's a food court here." He announced with a slight smile, "The Luxe opens in two weeks, but I asked cooks to come, as I originally gave you the day off to bring you here."

Her eyes widened in surprise. "I see, thank you. Yes, I'd love some food."

The two walked to the main kitchen of the mansion, built to prepare food for hundreds of guests at parties.

The top on-campus cooks were in the kitchen for their one meal.

"Hey, Richie." Kaze called out, "What's on the menu?"

"Faction Leader Kaze!" Richie, a man with long golden hair in a ponytail, replied with a bright smile, "We have crab, oysters, and a clam chowder bread bowl."

Evalyn's expression crumbled when the cook casually announced her favorite foods. She looked at Kaze, who smiled slightly before talking to the man.

The blonde ate the meal with pure bliss in her eyes. She couldn't remember the last time she enjoyed good seafood, and now she was in heaven.

Everything about their date felt surreal, and she couldn't stop smiling.

Around 5 pm, they decided to walk back slowly, taking the scenic route through the campus, admiring the fruits of their and Daniel's labors.

After their leisurely stroll, they returned to their mansion and walked up the stairs to the fourth-floor corridor.

Her room was at the end of the hall to the left.

His room was on the far end of the right.

Evalyn turned to him with interest in her eyes, wondering if he wanted to take her to his love den or if he wanted to go back to her usually pristine castle. "Which way, playboy?"