Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Kaze smiled and stared into her crystal blue eyes. "I have two questions.

Is my [harem den] unscrupulous and degrading? And do you like that?"

Her eyes widened in surprise when she heard both questions.

"I suppose I'd enjoy going there, either way, today. Now wouldn't I?" She giggled in genuine delight, "Please, playboy. I formally request you take me to your harem den."

He chuckled breathlessly and then reached down with ghostly speed.

"Ekkkk!" Evalyn screeched, looking down and finding herself four feet off the ground--in a princess carry.

She blushed furiously, dry-swallowed, and scanned the area, praying Marilyn and the jesters weren't watching.

When she confirmed they weren't there, she looked up at Kaze, slowly walking to the room with a loving smile. She loved feeling feminine; she was living out her fantasy.

When they got to the door, Kaze flicked his hand, creating a wall of warping space, and walked in.

"Did you just warp into your bedroom, so you didn't have to open and close the door!?" Evalyn cried before bursting into giggles.

"You look like you're enjoying being held, so I didn't want to ruin that." Kaze smiled, making her heart melt.

She reached up and gently touched his cheeks, making him look at her. Once aligned, she pulled his face close and kissed him gently.

They disconnected lips, and she stared into his crisp green eyes.

"I do enjoy feeling feminine." Evalyn confessed softly, "I love having you protect and dote on me.

Taking control of situations; being decisive. You're helping me live out my fantasies, and I feel partially complete now."

"Seeing you smiling like this is a fantasy I had for over a century, a dream I had for five millennia, and then a wish I had when I met you." Kaze replied with a genuine smile.

Light tears welled in her eyes as she gazed into his slightly emotional eyes.

"I love you and want to give myself to you, Kaze." Evalyn confessed, dry-swallowing nervously.

"All of myself, so please... take control again. Use me to please you and reward me in return."

Kaze smiled and walked to his bed slowly, laying her down.

Evalyn closed her eyes, melting into his luxurious bedding. Contrary to expectations, his room and bed were as immaculate as hers were, if not more.

She took and sharp breath, moving her body into the center near the pillows and opening her eyes.

His gaze and a charming smile met her as he unbuttoned his shirt casually.

For whatever reason, she expected the process to be sloppy and passionate, not so casual.

Yet she looked at his charming smile and loving gaze as he undressed in a mesmerized state.

It occurred to her that she was already undressed when she saw him in the morning.

Now, she was seeing what sex should be.

Or what it was for her.

"Should I...." Evalyn whispered, watching him unbuckle his pants, "Get undressed right now, too? I just realized how relaxed this is."

"That's up to you." Kaze replied hypnotically, "Close your eyes and imagine how you want me to take you."

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, visualizing.

"Do you want me to gently pull your shirt off you, unhook your bra, slowly remove your leggings, and then work my way to your panties?" He asked melodically.

"Or is that awkward? Would you like my naked body to touch yours for the first time instantly without any reservations?

Laying on my silk bedding in ultimate comfort?"

Evalyn's body heated up, and her breaths became shallow. Both options aroused her beyond what she had experienced in the morning. "I...."

She opened her eyes slowly, sitting up, crossing her hands, and reaching under her shirt.

Her knuckles glided up her ribs as she pulled the shirt off.

Kaze smiled slightly, looking at her pink-striped bra. It wasn't funny to them; it was symbolic of the day they experienced young love.

Evalyn sent him a charming smile as she unhooked it, pushing it against her chest until the straps were off and then letting it drop into her lap.

Next, she laid down, arched her back on her shoulder blades, placed her thumbs under the elastic of her leggings, and pulled.

The black leggings slid off her butt before she laid back again and lifted her legs.

She flashed him a playful smile as she did it, slowly letting him enjoy the pink-striped anime panties on his dream woman.

Kaze admired the sight with fascination, loving that he was given a second chance at life, and somehow he made his weeb fantasies come true. He could well end up with everything.

After sliding them off, she lay on the bed with a satisfied expression.

The soft, silky sheets felt heavenly on the feather mattress, and it smelled like him. He had clean bedding and only woke up that day without sex the night before.

Evalyn opened her eyes and saw Kaze giving her a magnetic gaze before crawling onto the mattress. He truly enjoyed their date and wanted to show her his feelings.

He smiled as he climbed onto the mattress and moved between Evalyn's legs as she spread them slowly.

Everything about the scene felt perfect to him.

Watching her blush as he approached, but never denying him, was charming.

He wanted to express profound emotions during sex for the first time in almost two millennia.

Kaze connected his lips against hers, giving her a tongue-free kiss that melted her body and made her feel loved.

"You won't get pregnant, and there's no value in pain during sex." He smiled, "Humans couldn't do anything about it, but I can.

Let me know if or when you're ready, and disregard my healing technique."

Evalyn blushed and closed her eyes, fearful, excited, and hopeful. A myriad of emotions crashed into her heart simultaneously, and she wanted to release them. "When it's time."

"As you wish." Kaze smiled, moving his lips back to hers.

They kissed passionately, gliding his mortal fingers down her neck and chest, making her body heat up. He touched his chest against hers, pressing it against her breaths.

She gasped to the ceiling, arching her back in true unreserved enjoyment.

Every movement felt heavenly to her, cornering her, pushing her further into a boundless sea of pleasure.

When their intimacy peaked, Kaze lifted his hips and gently guided his tip to her delicate, untouched pussy.

Evalyn gasped when she felt his tip touch her lips. Her body heated up with limitless desire, anxiety, excitement, fear, and lust.

However, the one emotion, false or otherwise, which drove her was her love.

She wanted Kaze in her body--for her to please him and vice versa.

Kaze smiled when he saw her complete acceptance and pushed in his tip lightly, making her wince slightly from the sudden shift.

While she had pleased herself by rubbing her clit, she had never entered her own body. So it was a shock that stretched her body.

And, while the pain paled in comparison to what she felt daily in every way, it was different because it was intimate, personal, and attached to pleasure.

Still, she spread her legs further, accepting him completely.

He saw her expression and smiled lightly, releasing his shaft and putting his hand on the mattress.

Kaze touched her lower stomach, and his anti-pregnancy seal flowed through her.

She could tell what it was and was grateful for releasing the anxiety of a potential pregnancy before the apocalypse.

His fingers glowed light gold, and her pain melted away, leaving her only with the new and intimate feeling of sex.

Kaze watched her relieved expression with a mysterious smile, glad that Evalyn Skye let him relieve her pain this cycle.

If there was something he disdained, it was sex with pain.

If there was something he loathed, it was Evalyn in pain.

So it relieved him to see her gently smiling.

Kaze took a deep breath, maintaining the golden light as he glided his shaft into her body.

"Ahhh~mmmn~ah~" Evalyn gasped, feeling him enter inside her. He was gentle, pushing in slowly, which allowed her to feel stages of pleasure at every step.

In every stage, she felt a sharp pain from his large member stretching her body and then healing it slightly to increase its strength.

Once he was inside, and her body was well adjusted, he closed his eyes and allowed him to enjoy it for the first time.

While his dual cultivation allowed him to connect spirits with those he slept with, he felt something more powerful with Evalyn.

It officially felt like he transcended time and space to bring them back together, linking their two selves together in a passionate moment.

"Ahhhhhh~" Evalyn felt the same way. Her emotions and hormones connected them, yet her mind pulsed when she felt him pull back. "Kaze...."

She opened her eyes and looked at him.

A strange feeling of positive deja vu washed over her when she saw his face, which felt younger and purer than before. New, profound emotions flowed through her body.

Evalyn felt as though she had known him for a century. Not only that, the feelings she had for him were vastly different than before.

They didn't feel intense; they felt inextricable.

It was as if her emotions were woven together with his so absolutely that they were impossible to untie.

At that moment, she felt like losing him would rip her entire being apart, leaving her with nothing.

However, the love she felt from the Ice Phonix's graphed memories was only a hint--a destination.

Kaze's profound experience with sex reminded her that he wasn't who the Ice Pheonix was attached to. As soon as he was inside--

"AhhhhhhhhhhHHHHH~!" Evalyn screamed in pleasure, breaking out of her emotional labyrinth.

Kaze smiled when he watched her arch her back during his first thrust, taking a deep breath to control the emotions raging in his heart.

He pulled back lightly, causing her to gasp, and then slowly pushed forward again, reaching her pleasure spots.

His technique wasn't purely from experience.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

She enjoyed things slightly off-centered and unrefined during sex, as it made her ease up her control, and he knew that from millennia ago.

Kaze exploited her desires without reservation, showing her he never forgot what was important. His memory was objective, not attached to emotions.

So he showed her his passion, and she accepted it.

Evalyn grabbed his back, pressing her hands against his shoulder blades as he thrust, making her body tremble. "Ahhh~ ...Ahhhhh~ ...Ahhhhhhh~!"

He built her pleasure during every stroke, showing her how much he desired her satisfaction.

Understanding his aim, she moved her hands to his ass and pressed forward aggressively. "AhhhhHHhhahHH~!"

Evalyn screamed in pleasure as she pushed him deep into her body, allowing him to enter her completely, giving herself to him entirely.

Kaze began lifting her hand, but she aggressively grabbed it with closed eyes and pulled him to her body. "Yes~mam."

He smiled as she led him to her lips, unwilling to let him sacrifice any of his pleasure for hers.

They connected lips passionately but not sloppily.

Every kiss was passionate but fleeting, starting on the backstroke and disconnecting for her to moan on the thrust.

"Kaze... I...." Evalyn gasped, suppressing her desire to say she loved him.

She understood that the feeling she grasped was [true] love, and she'd have to earn that emotion through actions, not feelings.

So instead, she said what she truly felt. "I... want to be by your side... forever."

Kaze's eyes shook, and his heart pulsed. To release the savage feelings pulsing through him, he expressed them directly by pulling back--

"Nothing in this world will stop me from fulfilling your wish."

--and thrusting forward with pure passion.

"AhhhhhhhhhhHHHHH~!" She screamed, gripping his back as hard as possible, slightly clawing it to stay attached.

With every stroke, he focused on their mutual pleasure, taking deep breaths to contain his emotions. He released part of the emotions locked within him for the first time.

Evalyn wrapped her legs around his hips and gripped the sheets as he thrust with a profound expression, enjoying every moment.

They understood that they had yet to fall in love as he and the Ice Phoenix had thousands of years passed. What they were doing was dangerous, but they didn't care.

Their passion melted their wax wings and sent them spiraling downward, crashing into a state of emotional destruction. Every part of their relationship burned to ashes.

Kaze fully accepted Evalyn Skye was someone new, not the woman he once knew and loved.

Evalyn understood that he wasn't the person she dreamed him to be when he arrived, loving and protecting her as if only she mattered.

They let the profound sexual experience raze their past selves and usher in a new relationship.

"Kaze...." Evalyn gasped, pulling his head to her mouth, kissing him, "I'm nearing... my climax."

Kaze took a deep, emotional breath and nodded. "Then so am I."

"Ahhh~" She gasped, accepting him entirely into her body on their last cycle. He was gentle to ensure their experience was emotional instead of primal.

Evalyn moaned in unreserved pleasure, hanging around his neck as his rhythmic thrusts pushed her ever closer to a full orgasm.

Kaze took deep breaths, enjoying, savoring, and embracing the sound of her moans, the feeling of connecting her and her heartbeat.

Both enjoyed the feeling of connection equally.

"K-Kaze... Ka~ze... Kaaaaaaaze~!" Evalyn screamed as she climaxed, triggered by him releasing his seed into her body, and letting the throbbing from cumming stroke her clit.

The small motions sent shivers of ecstasy pulsing through her, and her sensitivity skyrocketed, leading her to shake and twitch.

Kaze smiled gently, pulling his penis from her body to release her from her agonizing sensitivity.

Evalyn took sharp breaths, her chest rising and falling as her legs pulsed.

She opened her eyes to gaze at Kaze lovingly, but her body forced them to shut to deal with the jolting pleasure crashing through her.

Instead, he moved to her side and lay beside her, letting her slowly turn and embrace him. She snuggled her face into his shoulder with gratitude in her body language.

He smiled gently, lightly brushing the hair from her eyes.

"Thank you for making my dreams come true." Evalyn whispered, slightly choking to hold back tears of joy, "Even if it was a fantasy."

"This isn't a dream or a fantasy, Evalyn." Kaze smiled, hugging her deeper, "This is the goal; to have this every day.

More complicated as it will be now, over a long enough time line we'll end up here again."

She looked up at him with true happiness flashing across her sky-blue eyes. "I can't wait."

"Me either." He affirmed, smiling gently and letting her nuzzle closer to him.

After a few minutes, she begrudgingly went to the bathroom and returned to find him waiting for her with a loving smile.

Evalyn immediately crawled onto the bed, cuddled up, wrapping her thigh around his and nuzzling her head onto his chest.

Within less than a minute, she let the calming sound of his strong heartbeat gently glide her into sleep.

Kaze smiled and closed his eyes, thinking of everything that had transpired with a warm smile.

While the future was uncertain, the day helped them solidify their feelings and accept they'd face whatever came together.

Enjoying or hating each other, positive or toxic, they'd never part ways again. He knew that from the beginning, giving him faith in her despite not knowing her.

Kaze would do anything it took to make her fall in love with him forever.

Evalyn would accept him in time, as she secretly loved tenacity.

So with their personalities and constant effort, they were destined to fall in love.

After all, love isn't an emotion - it's an experience. A catalytic spark that sets off an emotional chain reaction that cannot be stopped once it begins.

Once a person's wrapped up in it, it's just as easy to devote one's life to another as it is to throw it away for them.

Something with that type of power isn't something people should wish for--and they didn't.

It was just something that would naturally happen whether they wanted it to or not.

So they braced themselves for the road ahead.

And enjoyed the moment.

In a brutal world wrought with death and suffering, and the life of bloodshed that awaited them, they felt liberated.

All they could do was be grateful to experience that feeling of contentment--if only for a single solitary moment--before reality hit them like gravity and sent them spiraling back to their usual thoughts and life.

After that, it would be nothing but a moment, a lone memory--frozen in time--that would push them forward until the day their love became real.

"I love you, Evalyn." Kaze smiled, turning off the lamp and letting himself drift to sleep.