Phillip Trotsky led his wife and the emperor into a luxurious bedroom on the east wing of his mansion. The room was white and pristine.

The message was that he would see the aftermath of the sex session. It made Kaze chuckle as the foolish man was actively inviting trauma.

"I'll leave you two to cultivate." The Russian said awkwardly, "Just make sure to keep your word and not take advantage of her."

"Don't worry, Mr. Trotsky." Kaze said with a reassuring smile, "Everything we do will directly further her cultivation; it's strictly professional."

The man nodded and led his guards out of the room, leaving the emperor and his wife alone.

Inessa looked at him with light brown eyes. "I apologize for my ignorance, but I don't know what to do."

Kaze glanced at her slender body wrapped in a skin-tight dress. It accentuated her curves.

It was doubtlessly a normal outfit for her, as Phillip wouldn't dress her up on his behalf.

"There's no reason to treat it differently than normal sex." He chuckled with a charming smile, "But it will be significantly more profound."

She smirked at him with her red lips and vicious eyes. "You make it sound like casual sex with someone other than my husband."

Kaze gave her a slight smile. "It is strictly professional, but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy it. Pleasure is the essence of sex and the crux of dual cultivation."

"Is enjoying sex with a stranger supposed to be easy?" Inessa laughed while turning away.

"It can if you allow yourself to embrace your curiosities and desires." Kaze said as he walked forward to her slowly.

"You sound so confident" She laugh-scoffed.

"I assure you, Ms. Trotsky. You'll wish you made the most of my service from the second that door closed for the rest of your life." Kaze replied with a smug smile.

Inessa narrowed her eyes. "Where do you get this… absurd confidence from."

"If you had these hands, you'd be confident too." He replied with an arrogant smirk.

She laughed and turned away in disbelief. "Hands? Make it sound like that's all it takes to please a woman. What a joke."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Have your doutbs, but please don't insult me." Kaze scoff-laughed in amazement, "I couldn't live with myself if I couldn't prove such an absurdity unfounded."

He extended his index before her eyes, "I can please you with this one finger. If I can't, I'll be your personal servant for life."

"You're here to have sex with me," Inessa smirked, "So prove it."

"Gladly." Kaze replied with a charming smile.

He walked up to her slowly while staring her in the eyes. She slightly trembled as he got within a foot and reached his index to her side.

His finger developed a faint white glow as it touched her side and moved only an inch.

"Ah~!" Inessa gasped in shock after her forced moan and backed away in disbelief.

"What did you just do?" She asked in a thick Russian accident, "Is that part of your power?"

"Of course." Kaze replied with a charming smile, "Do you think I'd touch a beautiful woman with mortal hands when I have the power to treat them like they deserve?"

Inessa blushed and averted her gaze. "You cannot claim you can please a woman with your finger and then cheat."

"Cheat? Surely you don't think someone like me would offer to be your servant if I wasn't certain of my skill." Kaze laughed in disbelief, "It's strange enough you'd expect I'd break my professionalism to win a bet."

Her eyes widened when she was reminded it was a professional exchange. However, they narrowed, and she developed a predatory smile.

"Then I admit defeat." Inessa said while walking back to him, "So, Mr. Professional, please do your job."

"It would be my pleasure." He replied while moving her fingers a centimeter above her side.

The space warped around his fingers, leaving trails of his movement. As soon as he reached her ribcage, he touched down.

"Mmhn~" She moaned slightly with a wincing expression, trying her best to keep from sounding enthusiastic.

"You're only denying yourself by rejecting your desires." He chuckled.

"You make it sound easy. I'm marr—ahhh~!" Inessa gasped. She tried to give him an unenthusiastic expression, but as soon as she began pouting, his fingers lit up again, "Ahhh~!"

"I'm a professional sex cultivator, Ms. Trotsky." Kaze chuckled while tracing his mortal fingers to the side of her breasts, "Pleasure is expected, so enjoy it."

He glided his finger around her side and up to the back of her neck. She closed her eyes and fell silent during the action. "Mmhm~"

"Embrace it." Kaze said while grabbing the dress' zipper and pulling it down.

"Make me." Inessa replied with a bitter chuckle. He wouldn't let her deny her desires even if she wanted him to.

Kaze unzipped the dress to her shoulder blades and then pulled back his hand, reached up with both to her neck, and glided his fingers down her neck to the sleeves.

"Mmmmmhn~" She moaned as he pulled each strap and let them fall off her shoulders.

The dress dropped to the ground, exposing her red lingerie-laden body. While she was 35-two, she had the body of a fit model in her late twenties.

Inessa was a beautiful ex-model, and she couldn't remember the last time a man touched her with such care. It filled her body with a deep desire to embrace it.

"What comes next?" She whispered.

"Whatever you want." Kaze replied with a charming voice, "All forms of sex allow for dual cultivation, so we can do what you wish."

She took a deep breath, allowing her chest to rise and fall.

"Don't make me choose, as I—ahhh~"

The emperor traced his hands down her back and grabbed her ass lightly, causing her to tremble and her body to heat up.

"Don't forget that this is a professional service." He said calmly, "Anything we do is to build your power and is permissible. So embrace your womanly nature and tell me your darkest fantasies."

"Mmhn~" Inessa gasped as he traced the back of her thighs, "I… I want you to use me. To take control and be dominant, it's always been my dark fantasy."

"As you wish. If you wish for me to rule you then kneel before your ruler." Kaze ordered with a dominant voice while pressing down on her shoulders, gently prompting her to fall to her knees.

The experience left her astonished and conflicted as she stared at the generous bulge hiding behind his slacks. The idea of sucking a man's cock in her home while her husband was present shocked her.

But Inessa found it thrilling and Kaze's brazenness enthralling. He highlighted his professionalism, then ordered her to her knees to please him moments later while guards listened outside the room.

It was beyond attractive and made her lustful. She gave in and began unbuckling the emperor's pants with haste until his lower body was exposed, and she faced his member.

"Now suck." Kaze ordered quietly with the authority that only an emperor could command.