Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Inessa let her chest rise and fall as she stared at his member with a lustful expression. She grabbed the base and hesitantly opened her mouth, allowing herself to play the exploited servant.

Once she put it in as far as she could, she closed her mouth slowly. As soon as her tongue touched his member, she felt her body heat up in desire and began. She glided backward and opened her mouth again to roll her tongue around his tip, putting a smile on his face.

To the emperor, no mortal could ever please him physically. However, all women could please him with their desire and passion.

Kaze reached down and pressed his finger to her forehead.

Inessa's eyes widened in disbelief as a profound blueprint for a higher plane of sexual experiences opened before her. She wanted to look up, but her tongue felt energy passing through his rod. It had an intricate path and pleasure channels.

As if in a trance, she released her mouth and used the tip of her tongue to trace up the energy channels. It developed a light pink aura as her meridians took in Yang Qi, and she released Yin Qi through his skin.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

It processed the unrefined Elemental Qi in her body and then exhaled post-cycle Qi, gently pulling in new Elemental Qi as it breathed in again.

Everything about the experience felt heavenly, and she quickly ignored the world.

The guards listened in disbelief as the sound of her giving him oral sex enthusiastically leaked through the words. But they didn't mention it to Phillip, cultivating and undergoing a full transformation.

Inessa threw reason to the wind as she performed the action, and Kaze guided her with his eyes closed, cultivating and creating a spiritual link.

As the Yin and Yang Qi mixed in his dantian, it completed its cycle, and Kaze allowed it to be released.

Gushing liquid filled her mouth without warning. It pleased the shocked Inessa greatly, as it completed her BDSM fantasy.

"Breathe. Cultivate the technique before you swallow." Kaze said in an authoritative voice.

She nodded and began cultivating, once connected, she swallowed. Her entire body burst forth with energy, and her meridians felt alive.

Inessa went through a profound experience as she cultivated and pressed against the top of the Mortal Realm.

"Now come, there's still use for you yet." Kaze scoffed while pulling her up, stripping off her bra, and pushing her onto the bed.

Inessa was having the most amazing sexual experience in her life, living her fantasy with the most charming and captivating man she had met.

Most people didn't understand the strange desires that drove such a social dynamic. So the guards heard her get pushed onto the bed with beating hearts.

She wasn't struggling, but it was forceful. Their eyes glided to their employer, who was still gracefully cultivating.

None knew what to do about the situation. People had already decided that people shouldn't interfere with the cultivation of others. Stopping the two could break a multi-million dollar deal, causing a significant problem for everyone involved.

Just as they were about to knock to see if she was okay—

"Ahhhhhhh~!" Inessa sharply moaned in pleasure after Kaze established their spiritual connection.

Phillip's eyes snapped open when he heard her moaning. It shook the guards to their core, who waited with bated breath, ready to act.

"No…." The Russian muttered with a deep breath, "It's sex cultivation. Naturally, pleasure a normal—"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh~!" Inessa moaned in pleasure in the most unreserved way imaginable. It left him feeling emasculated and jealous.

"No. The man already followed through." Phillip reasoned through gritted teeth, "This is all part of a professional relationship. I must develop stronger willpower through cultivation."

His determined mindset drove him to close his eyes and begin cultivation, taking him into another zone. A powerful people welled in him as his meridians accepted far more Qi than he felt possible, making him grin.

"I can't believe this is only the beginning—"

"AhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHH~!"

"Strictly professional?" Phillip scoffed in disbelief while snapping open his eyes, "He calls [this] strictly professional!?"

He stared down the hall and found all his guards looking at him with awkward expressions.

The Russian gritted his teeth and took a deep breath. He wanted to burst through the door, yell at the man, and say he broke their arrangement. However, if Kaze snapped and the guards killed him in self-defense, he'd never get the other half of his technique!

"My wife is taking lessons to improve our sex life and bring us power." Phillip rationalized, "I'll soon be able to—"

"AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHH~!"

Inessa screeched in the most unworldly ways imaginable. Just as cultivation allowed humans to become more powerful than they could ever reach through hard work alone, cultivation did the same for sexual experiences.

Phillip was painfully aware he would never be able to satisfy his wife again.

The damage was permanent, and he couldn't bear it any longer. He stood up and marched down the hall, prepared to knock and respectfully request to end the session.

The guards let him pass, and he approached the door. However, when he went to knock—

"You're approaching an enlightened state," Kaze said from behind the door, "Focus your breathing, and I'll take you into the Earth Realm."

Phillip heard Kaze's words and developed a wry smile. He immediately turned down and sat against the hallway wall, ignoring the glances from the guards.

The man decided that he'd patiently wait for the conclusion.

"Are you there?" Kaze asked from the other side of the door.

"Yes…." Inessa gasped in response.

"Okay. Now take a deep breath and I'll carry you there now." The emperor said, "Then we'll finish up and I'll unlock the rest for you and your husband."

Phillip took a breath of relief when Kaze addressed him, showcasing professionalism. He thought about the strength they'd both have and how they'd be on the top of the social—

"AhhhhHHAhhhhhhhhhHHHaaahHHHHaaaHHHHHHHAHhhAhhhh~!"

The Russian's eyes snapped open again. He had heard countless screams over the last two minutes, but the one he was listening to wasn't on the same plane of existence!

Phillip was ready to snap, but the screaming from the other side of the door was so primal and surreal that the man forgot his wife was even in the room!

Whatever was behind the door was a wild animal getting tortured, and it wouldn't stop screeching. The unworldly rolling orgasm through hell lasted for five seconds.

Then ten seconds. Twenty seconds. Forty-five.

A minute and twenty seconds of unnatural screaming occurred before it stopped, and Phillip and his guards snapped out of their trance.

They couldn't tell how long they were listening. It was as if they had minor strokes and snapped back to reality as loved ones arrived to save them.

Phillip brushed the blonde hair from his eyes, unclear what had just happened.

It wasn't until he blinked twice and found Kaze staring at him that he remembered what he was doing. "What was…."

"You'll see." Kaze said with a slight smile.

When Inessa walked out of the room, the man gasped in shock.

Now that he had a cultivation technique that properly gained him entrance into cultivation, he could finally feel the pressure she exerted.

Kaze was even extra enough to use cultivation to dry the sweat from her, quickly fixed her hair, and held her up like a puppet with minor Qi manifestation so she wouldn't collapse.

"As agreed, I've brought Ms. Trotsky to the early stages of the Earth realm." The emperor said with a slight smile.

"I'll unlock the rest of your cultivation technique and give you a minor technique to see Qi channels to verify for yourself."

"What—"

Before the man or his guards could react, Kaze's finger touched his forehead, and a flurry of profound information assaulted his brain.

The guards finally snapped to attention and began to move, but Phillip raised his hand in disbelief. He could finally see Qi, and his wife was glowing. Literally!

Phillip looked at Kaze for an explanation but froze. It was as if he was seeing him for the first time.

Despite Kaze dropping his meridian intake to a level that dropped his pressure lower than the Earth Realm, he couldn't hide his cultivation skill.

The man could now see the emperor's meridians breathing Qi, warping the space around them. So while his pressure was lower than Earth Realm and his cultivation base was hidden, the man could see how refined his cultivation was.

The intricate breathing patterns showed a beautifully established system far beyond what he saw in his wife. Their two forms were the difference between heaven and earth!

"I believe you can see she has entered the next realm, yes?" Kaze asked with a slight smile.

"Y-Yes." The man replied with a thick Russian accent.

"Okay. Let's get money transferred, I'll unlock your skills, and I'll teach them to you for the video." The emperor said while leading the man from the hallway.

Phillip was so shocked during the process that he never noticed Inessa gazing at Kaze with profound longing.