Evalyn returned to the amphitheater in a depressed mood.

After personally hurting herself for hours, she didn't want to deal with anyone else. Unfortunately, there were thousands of ignorant people awaiting her.

However, contrary to expectations, the amphitheater was dead silent as she approached. She entered the area cautiously, wondering what had happened.

When she did, she found a truly shocking scene unfolding.

"Ey, what's up, chief?" Kiera asked lazily on the stage's edge, yawning while stretching her arms.

Evalyn looked around, staring at thousands of faces looking at her with nervous expressions. "Has it truly been like this for over an hour?"

"Hmmm?" The pink-haired woman hummed, "No way, chief.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

People started cranking the panic dial to the mid-range rowdy mark."

Everyone in the stands winced, looking away in shame.

"So… what did you do to them?" Evalyn asked in perplexion.

Kiera popped off the stage, standing on level ground. "I got Kazey to use that urge burglin' technique again.

Worked like a charm. Ten out of two would recommend."

"Urge burgling?" Evalyn muttered in perplexion, "Oh, stealing high emotions… got it.

That would be highly articulate if people understood what it meant…."

The blonde snapped out of her puzzlement when she realized something important.

"Wait up." She said with a deep frown, "Did you just say that Kaze helped you deal with this situation?"

"Yeeeeeeee~p." Kiera smacked, causing the blonde's eyes to fill with murderous intent, "Turns out you're right, chief.

Those reputation points really do buy anything."

Evalyn's fury crashed against an icy sea—and lost. "Wait, what?"

"Turns out, one hundred rep points really is astronomical." The pink-haired woman smiled, "It only cost five to get Kazey to use that technique.

Since you said I could accomplish the task however I wished, I went for it."

The blonde was stunned, baffled by her strategy.

"It's great you've already learned the value of reputation points." Evalyn smiled in amusement, "Who were the people whose emotions you needed to [burglarize]?"

"Oh… that." Kiera remarked, scratching her head, "So, here's the thing.

I side-stepped the problem like a pro, and I'm not a fan of a crime quota.

I'm also not a fan of breaking the law, so I asked what the max penalty for non-threatening insubordination is and learned it's ten rep points.

Soooooooo… can I just name myself, pay the fine, and get a slap on the wrist?

Honest question; no expectations. I'll follow your orders if you demand it."

Evalyn blinked twice in disbelief. Giving high reputation points to the fiery teen for her actions wasn't planned, so there was no reason for Kaze to have explained their true value.

The blonde didn't even know the reputation point's potential!

Kiera Snow was one year younger than she was. So seeing Kaze coddle her and brace her frail emotions the day before was aggravating.

Now she could see that the pink-haired woman didn't have his interest by mistake. However—

—knowing that made her feel bitter.

"You accomplished your task in a remarkably intelligent, well-intentioned, and effective way." Evalyn asserted straightly, "You've respected my orders and authority.

Even now, as you're asking me to reconsider, you're not refusing to do it.

I only gave you that loathsome requirement to ensure no one condemned you for keeping order. Turns out, it was unnecessary.

So I'll accept your atypical request for clemency and still award you ten reputation points."

Everyone was stunned and fearful by the development, connecting reputation points to leniency and punishment.

"Don't misinterpret this scene." Evalyn ordered coldly, turning to the nervous faction members, "Kiera didn't attempt to bribe me.

This woman followed her orders and asked for me to reconsider—if I'd allowed it.

Otherwise, a very different scene would have played out.

You follow orders first, then ask for reconsideration after. That's the moral."

Most faction members sighed breaths of relief, hearing that talented people wouldn't get away with murder. It was a horrifying thought.

"Now, get in line, everyone. You're moving back to your living quarters for the rest of the day." The blonde ordered. "We're posting guards around the clock.

Each is far stronger than you. So don't start an altercation unless you want an elite to rip your spleen to use as their RP pouch."

Everyone dry-swallowed and nodded, slowly filing down the stairs.

Kiera shuddered, confirming a mystery about Evalyn Skye after publicly declaring she was wrong, breaking her authoritarian illusion, and praising her.

It wasn't about favoritism or appealing Kaze—the blonde didn't want to do either.

The Ice Phoenix sacrificed herself because she'd lie, praise others, or even humiliate herself for the [greater good]. It all came down to cost-benefit analysis.

She was a true utilitarian to the core and was definitive, consistent, and concrete about it.

The trait was remarkable. It inspired Kiera and made her shiver simultaneously.

While the pink-haired teen admired Evalyn, the latter did the same. The blonde analyzed Kiera's intelligence, strength, cunning, and cultivation talent.

She was captivated by the traits that captured Kaze's interest and made him coddle her.

However, her feelings were far more bitter—toxic even.

For the first time in her life, the new hormones flowing through her body made her experience true jealousy. It was unbearable.

…

Evalyn walked down the hallway of the central mansion. She wore an expression mixed with annoyance, anxiety, and aggravation.

It was 1 am, and her destination was Kaze's bedroom.

Yet she couldn't bring herself to do it haphazardly. Not only was it late, but she also couldn't justify her trip in her current state.

Things were "complicated" in her mind, so she understood her hormones spurred the agitation in her heart, which wasn't fair to Kaze.

After all, he controlled his urges because he knew the consequences.

She chalked it up as [regret sex], and now she was in the regret portion.

Having sex once made it exponentially harder to go without it.

Not only could it clear her mind from the awful day she had, but it would also cure the painful horniness she was feeling! It was brutal.

After a few rounds of pacing, she finally built up the nerve to go up to his door. She took a deep breath, lifted her hand and—

Evalyn jumped backward when Kaze opened the door with a slightly mocking smirk.

"I thought you'd never knock on the door." He said in a sarcastic hypnotic tone.

Her eyes filled with irritation, annoyed that he let her suffer over the decision for thirty minutes when he knew she was there.

"Why did you make me agonize over it?" Evalyn cried under her breath, "I can riddle out countless words starting with the letter [A] that describe my feelings about this."

"Hoh?" Kaze grinned in amusement, "A claim like that warrants an elucidation by principle."

"Where should I begin?" She laughed sarcastically, rolling her eyes, "Anxious.

Aggrieved.

Antagonized.

Agonized.

Agitated.

Annoyed.

Aggravated.

Afflicted.

Allured.

Attracted.

Aroused.

Is that enough to express what I'm going through?

Or should I add [asshole] to seal the deal?"

"To go so far as to order them to tell a story… impressive." Kaze chuckled in amusement, "Why go so far when you hate my pointlessly pompous and [pre-tentious] language?"

"I'm dealing with your nonsense as a way of saying alluring you into sleeping with me." Evalyn replied bluntly, not mixing words.

He turned around to check the status of his guests.

When Evalyn followed his eyes and saw Kiera sleeping in his bed for the second night in a row, her blood boiled primally, and light frost developed on her skin.

She noticed and calmed down, instantly getting it under control.

After gaining control, she saw the pink-haired woman sound asleep with a gentle smile on her face. It was clear she didn't have sex with him.

Crux was also in bed, awake from feeling a cultivator enter the hallway a half hour ago.

Evalyn looked upward to meet his mocking gaze, which sent shame signals crashing through her body. "I apologize for my behavior."

"Oxytocin." Kaze replied charmingly, not judging her. He closed the door softly and created a barrier to prevent sound from leaking through, "This is normal."

The blonde's eyes widened, seeing how relaxed he was and gratefully hearing that she wasn't crazy for her behavior. "Then what's the normal way to deal with this?"

"Well, you can hate me." He replied magnetically, "Feel bitter, believing yourself entitled to a relationship with me for taking your first.

Or continue resenting others, believing them to be unworthy of my attention when you not only mean more to me but also have a deeper relationship."

Evalyn gave him a wry smile, bothered that she couldn't make it sarcastic. "Is resenting you the only option?"

"Of course not." Kaze laughed breathlessly, "That's the normal thing to do; that's what you asked for yes?"

She turned away in annoyance. "Then what's the ideal thing to do?

I'd bet my room you have a trick for dealing with this situation."

"I do, but it's the same thing, only much more enjoyable." He replied mysteriously.

"I'm all ears." Evalyn replied dryly, annoyed he didn't just answer.

"Have sex, of course." Kaze replied devilishly, "It won't change a thing, but it's still a great way to release your frustrations."

She narrowed her eyes at him, skipping past the obvious and focusing on the undertone. "Releasing my frustrations?

Not just making them go away?"

"It seems you understand correctly." Kaze smiled sinisterly.

She locked her gaze with him with fierce eyes. "How?"

…

Evalyn crashed atop the desk in her room, pushing everything out of the way without distinction.

CRACK! Thud, thud, thud… thud.

A desk lamp shattered on the desk, and her notebook, pens, and laptop fell to the ground.

The blonde didn't even notice.

She was busy pulling her aggriever's neck forward until his lips crashed into hers.

Kaze let his lips connect with hers, pushing his tongue into her mouth, fighting back against her desire to be dominant.

Evalyn spread her legs outward, pushing more items on the desk to the side as she pulled him closer. "Fuck me, Kaze."

"Make me." He replied brazenly.

The blonde instantly accepted the challenge, forcefully grabbing his hands and moving them to her hips.

She then reached out and pulled on his silky red shorts, which looked vulgar and offensive to ordinary people.

His ten-inch member popped out easily, bending to her will.

Evalyn grabbed his penis lightly and squeezed with just enough force to be known. She was confident it could survive a 50-caliber sniper round, but she was making a point.

Kaze gave lifted his eyebrows in interest, enticing her to explain herself. "Would you like to release your frustrations now?"

"Yes, I would." She replied boldly, "Tell me about Kiera. Give me the wrong answers, and I'll skull fuck your brains out."