"You claim that you love me, the nineteen-year-old college student and Kiera Snow is eighteen. She's only one year younger." Evalyn scoffed in disdain.

"So why the fuck are you so tender, loving, and borderline paternal with her?

I'm supposedly your true love interest, yet you don't give me half that.

You were quick to give me harsh realities about the apocalypse, yet she's platonically sleeping in your bed for emotional support, for fucks sake."

He smiled, pressing his body forward.

It pressed pushed his cock through her grip, inadvertently making her powerplay a sexual act. Naturally, it exasperated her.

"I did offer you to join us, yes?" Kaze asked mockingly.

"My joining you doesn't change your protective behavior." Evalyn scoffed in vexation, "And I refuse to degrade myself by joining a harem, so don't insult me."

"Kiera reminds me of one of my past lovers." He smiled, not wasting time, "Surely you don't think that you were the only person I cared for in five thousand years, yes?

You may be the most special and meaningful, tied to my heart, but you weren't the only one."

The blonde was stunned by his blatant admission, and what he said made things far worse!

Now someone was challenging her one feeling of control over the throngs of shameless women seeing simple pleasure from him.

Worse, it was by Kiera, someone equally beautiful, talented, and extremely intelligent. It was a deep-seated issue.

"Which do you love more?" Evalyn asked blatantly, not mincing her disgusting jealousy.

Kaze laughed, turning away. "You, of course. I thought we got past your distrust of my unbelievable statements."

The blonde smiled wryly, understanding the problem with her actions. She was releasing frustration, just as he recommended.

"Who's more talented?" Evalyn pleaded, "Please give me something to end this ugly, hormone-driven jealousy I'm feeling.

I'm confident you understand how unnatural this is."

"Which talent?" Kaze laugh-scoffed mockingly, "In terms of leadership, you far surpass everyone on every plane, even myself.

Cultivation is different. Kiera's more talented than you and I combined."

Evalyn's eyes widened in shock. "Even you?"

"That's what I said, yes?" He asked bitingly, "She's more talented in cultivation.

You're more talented in battle.

She excels in wit and fast thinking, articulation, and improvisation.

You're an unparalleled strategic thinker and tactician.

Both of you are trainwrecks, but you're far more beautiful. Naturally, that's not—"

"Personality." The blonde interjected, addressing the sore spot in her life.

"I'd choose you over everyone; your complex personality is beautiful beyond measure." Kaze replied hypnotically with a strange gaze, "So lay those fears to rest.

Kiera's a problem child and a cocktail of disagreeable mental health disorders. However, they also make her far more amusing and fascinating. She's delightfully tragic—"

Evalyn gripped his dick with considerable force, testing how hard she could go until he winced.

However, all it did was trigger a derisive smirk from him.

"Why couldn't you just end it at the flowery part?" She asked bitterly.

"Why?" Kaze chuckled satirically, "It's likely that she will sleep in my bed again tomorrow, and you'll refuse to join my [harem] again.

Then this conversation will repeat. Flowery statements will only revitalize your bitterness."

The blonde's chuckled ominously in vexation, aggravation, annoyance, anxiety, and unjust animosity. "You were right about this. So, so, right."

Her eyes trembled in a craze. "This is truly brutal. Sex is standard in college, and you do it effortlessly, so I didn't think much of it.

If I knew it could shatter my stained-glass emotional state, I'd have just learned how to please myself.

Then I wouldn't have to deal with this nonsense. I fucking hate this."

"Yes, so do I." Kaze laughed mockingly, "That's why I'm in your room, and you have my erect penis in your hand. Or have you forgotten?"

The blonde looked down and saw her hand still holding his member solidly. She blushed in disbelief, forgetting how hard she gripped it.

He laugh-scoffed in annoyance, rolling his eyes. "If we're here to grudge fuck me, you should finish what you started."

"Grudge fuck?" Evalyn laughed awkwardly, "That's a thing?"

"Of course not." Kaze scoffed, "I have a talent for sounding articulate. It hides my talent for making up words and phrases."

Her eyes filled with murderous intent when she heard his snappy, sarcastic, and borderline malicious tone.

The blonde laughed in true disbelief. "You brought me here to teach me how to release frustration, now you're being an ass about it?"

"If aptly replying to childish behavior is [being an ass], I suppose I am." He replied instantly, "I won't hold your hand and teach you how to have sex or take out frustrations.

Such a contradiction is perplexing to the point of being offensive."

Evalyn laughed sharply, her mouth agape. "Holding my hand while teaching me would be offensive?

You mean like you do with Kiera? Coddling her 24/7—that type of hand-holding?"

"Is that what you want, Evalyn?" Kaze laughed caustically, "For me to put you on my lap during a cabinet meeting?

To buy you pajamas and hold you to guide you to sleep?

That's what she needs right now. What about you, Evalyn? Is that what you need right now?"

"That's what she needs?" Evalyn asked in bewilderment, "You're telling me you're coddling someone that childish?"

"Childish?" He replied with a malicious smile, "Kiera has a lower form of separation anxiety disorder from growing up an orphan.

It causes obsessive worry about being abandoned; that worry is guaranteed to kill her during training.

That's Kiera's life and the circumstances that explain her behavior and mandate my coddling.

Tell me, Evalyn. What's your excuse for your current childish behavior?"

The blonde's crystal blue eyes became fierce—malevolent. "I'm slowly evolving into that toxic woman that you loved.

Don't tell me your Ice Phoenix didn't have severe mental health disorders.

She did, and you're not coddling or creating countermeasures to prevent them from triggering."

"I did coddle you." He scoff-laughed in disdain, "Or do you think I unload power and heal people randomly?

That I warned anyone else about the apocalypse? That I chose a system where everyone a person knew could gain entrance to Immortal Skye arbitrarily?"

Evalyn took a sharp breath at his words, reminded that her mother's death was solely her fault. He gave her mom a chance; fate and incompetence prevented it.

"Nothing I did could prevent you from becoming the Ice Phoenix, Evalyn." Kaze declared, making her eyes snap open. "You didn't become toxic—you are toxic.

Your obsession with control, charisma, and high-functioning narcissism created the Ice Phoenix. You had these traits before we met.

So don't blame me for your behavior or personality.

Ending up as the Ice Phoenix was preordained; it was only a matter of how extreme you'd be."

"Hah." Evalyn laughed awkwardly, "You've done so much for me. You are right about just about everything; I accept it.

However, that last statement... that I'd end up like this even if I hadn't met you, if my mother hadn't got murdered, and if I didn't experience trauma is sickening.

No matter how much you've done for me, it's impossible to appreciate it.

I resent you for what you've said. No amount of pleasure will change that.

But that's good, right? That I have a grudge for a [grudge fuck]?"

"It seems you understand correctly." Kaze replied mockingly, "I thought you forgot that I came here to help you before you threw this temper tantrum."

"Hah, well, it seems I set the stage." She said with cold, vicious eyes, "So shut the fuck up and teach me what's magical enough to ruin our relationship forever."

"I thought you'd never ask." Kaze replied with a merciless gaze.

He immediately reached to her throat, making her tense up and pull her hands up.

However, he grabbed the neck loop on both sides and effortlessly tore her shirt in half, exposing her pink bra.

The world slowed to a crawl and her heart pulsed violently, disbelieving what she just saw.

[Evalyn consented ahead of time] to rough, physical sex. However, she didn't imagine he'd rip her shirt off! But—

—she didn't oppose it. Otherwise, she would have said their safe word.

The world's speed caught up again when she felt her hair get yanked backward, thrusting her neck forward.

Evalyn looked up and found Kaze's merciless, vibrant green eyes staring into her soul.

She had never seen them up close, so precisely.

The iris' were like forests, summoned around a world tree.

Each dark layer had depth, creating meadows and mountains that told a story.

And that story—

—was ferocious.

The blonde felt an icy chill crawl down her spine.

However, it wasn't a convulsive shiver of terror—it was an acute connection to his merciless mindset.

"Haaaaaah. I understand you; that look in your eyes." Evalyn grinned maliciously, "It seems you've gotten your mythical lover back, after all.

She's doing what she's doing best, being a toxic cunt; you should do what you do best and have sex with her.

Just make sure to keep your overt narcissism on full display. It's a turn-on because I know I'm not alone in my toxicity."

"I would if you'd let go of my penis." Kaze replied malevolently, using a tone caustic enough to eat through steel.

Evalyn looked down in annoyance, noticing that she [still] hadn't released it.

"I can't believe you're still hard." She scoffed, "Add in pulling my hair and forcing me to look into your twisted eyes, you're a sadist.

But I'm having sex with you, which shows you how fucked up I am. So let me help you out."

The blonde pulled his dick forward until it was up against her silky white pajama shorts and used her left hand to pull the shorts out of the way from the left side.

Then she adjusted her seat on the desk to meet her placement on the desk.

During the operation, she stared into his eyes, still under the pressure of her yanked-back hair.

Once aligned, she pulled his hard cock to her now-exposed lips and pressed until it touched her lips.

The feeling—

—was surreal.

Indescribable.

It was similar to sexual tension but affected her entire body and mind.

Evalyn immediately let go of his member, circled his hips to his ass, and—

"GahhhhHH~"

—she pulled him into her body.

The feeling made her exhale her wrath and moan simultaneously.

"At least there's one benefit to being with you." She laugh-scoffed, staring into her eyes viciously.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"After everything I've done for you, I'm glad I get one shared reward." Kaze laughed, pushing his cock deeper, making her gasp sharply from his unrestrained physical treatment.

"Your efforts doing what? Grooming me?" She scoffed, "I didn't ask for you to come into my life, and I don't know what my life would have been like without you.

The only thing you've accomplished for certain is making me into a desperate, willing plaything.

I'm thankful for the power you've given me—don't expect more than that."

Kaze scoffed sharply, opening his mouth and tonguing his left canine in disbelief. "I've turned you into my plaything?

You've experienced sex driven by love; let me show you the difference with pleasure sex."

Evalyn felt an icy shiver crawl down her her spine, but before it reached the end—

"Ah~!" She screamed sharply, "Ah~! AH~! AHhhhHHHHH~!"

—her mind went blank when he rammed his cock deep inside her and pulled it out, thrusting it again and again.