Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

"AhhhhHHHhhHHHHhhhHhhhhHHH~!" Evalyn screamed in pleasure as Kaze rammed his cock into her. It was so intense that it felt agonizing, torturing even.

Kaze's thrusting was an onslaught of pleasure without any release.

She pulled her hands up his back until they reached his shoulder blades and clawed into his back to gain a grip.

"This is raw pleasure." Kaze laughed maliciously, "And this is nowhere near what I'd do to [use you] as a [plaything]."

Evalyn didn't talked speak. She felt anger over his malicious tone but couldn't express it over the crashing waves of sensation and ecstasy hitting her.

It was unbearable.

Over stimulating and physically painful since they only had gentle [love] sex once.

Unable to express words between her screaming, she clawed his back unreservedly.

It didn't pierce through his skin, but it indented his skin and felt cathartic.

"Unbearable, isn't it?" Kaze laugh-scoffed sardonically, pulling back his aggressive thrusting.

"Yes!" Evalyn screamed unreservedly, "How do you handle this!?"

"How?" He grinned and released his hand on her hair.

"GahhhHH!" The blonde screamed with wide eyes, her heart pulsing with truly uncomfortable signals, "What that fuck!? KAZE! What the hell is this!?"

"Pain is a sensation wall." Kaze grinned sardonically, "Without the counterbalance, you can't keep sane.

"Then do it again! KAZE! Please! AhhhHHHhhHHHHH~!"

Evalyn screamed, gripping his back, clawing at it viciously, trying to release the pressure. "Don't make me suffer, you fucking asshole!"

"You want me to do what's necessary?" He laughed maliciously, "Remember you asked for it when you complain later, as always."

She tried to open her eyes in fear and regret, but his thrusting didn't let her think about anything else.

Kaze put his right hand on the wall next to them, and an entire section glowed golden as Soul Qi reinforced it permanently.

"What are you—" Evalyn screamed in cathartic panic before—

ScrrrrRReeECH! Thud, thud, thud, CRAcK! BOOOOM!

"—Gah!"

She coughed in pain when he slid her across the desk, destroying everything on it on the way to the wall.

Her chair was in the way of throwing her against it, so it snapped in half violently before her body crashed into it with a devastating impact, leaving her winded.

The impact was genuinely painful, both on her body and inside her, but—

—she was grateful for it.

Feeling the impact released so much pressure and built up pleasure, ending her agonizing pleasure.

"Why does this feel so fucking—" Evalyn screamed, gasping in pleasure.

"So what?" Kaze grinned maliciously, "Pray tell, Evalyn."

"So—ahhhHHHHHHhHHHhhHHhHHHhhH!"

He thrust deeper, lifted her waist to get deeper at the awkward angle, and thrust quickly.

"What was that?" He mused, "Why does it feel so… what? Are you incapable of answering?"

"FUCK Y—AH~ AhhhHHHHhhHhHH~!"

Evalyn tried screaming at him, yelling for him to stop berating her for incompetence when he made it impossible to speak.

However, the pleasure was overwhelming, and she couldn't think beyond it.

THUD!

The blonde slammed the back of her head against the wall, clawing his back to his chest, and pushed him back, arching her back.

It pressed her breasts against his rockhard chest, which was extremely uncomfortable, but that's what she needed.

Evalyn reached up, put her hands around his neck, and began choking him.

"Hoh?" Kaze laughed in surprise, "You want to kill me? That's how you really feel?"

"NO, THAT'S—aahHHHhhhHHHhHHhhhHHhHhhHHHHhhHH~!"

She closed her eyes as tightly as possible and screamed—screamed at the top of her lungs as he pounded his cock into her rapidly.

It was a solid scream that was primal—unrestrained.

The blonde screamed without pause, releasing everything she had built up.

She screamed at Kaze for playing games with her mom's life.

Releasing the rage she felt for her uncle for not caring enough about her parents to prevent Kaze's intervention from being necessary.

Unleashing her fury she had toward the soldiers that killed her mom—

—and the apocalypse that triggered it.

She yelled at Malta for its handling of the pandemic and at the cultivators for recruits for their war.

Evalyn screamed at her father for giving her all the toxic traits she hated about herself—for condemning her to a fate that would always end at the Ice Phoenix.

She screamed and kept screaming until tears flowed out of her eyes.

Without knowing it, she began crying, but it wasn't negative.

The blonde released her hands from Kaze's neck and let her head crash into the back of the wall—

—giving up.

Not on life.

Just fighting against her emotions.

Fighting herself.

She accepted herself and her situation.

Kaze gave her a strange smile, lifted her, and brought her to the bed. He put his knee on it first, allowing her to fall in the center on top.

He continued the pressure but eased up to prevent it from being unbearable.

Evalyn allowed the pleasure to pulse through her body, submitting to it.

With every thrust, she released more and more of her ceaseless anger until there was none left to give.

Seeing her full release, he put his lips near her ear. "I'm about to release."

"Release it." She whispered, "All of it. I'll accept it."

"As you will." Kaze replied hypnotically, thrusting melodically until her mind cleared, calming her until she felt serene.

Once she reached that state of nirvana, he came, releasing his seed inside her body.

Her body reacted in a beautiful, loving way, accepting his body fully.

It was then she realized that she hadn't experienced a main clitoral orgasm at the end.

The ending was gentle—pure.

Evalyn opened her eyes slowly and found Kaze gazing at her with a gentle smile.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, comparing his warm smile to the feeling in his body.

It matched.

There was a beautiful warmth in her body, making her feel like she was lying under a tree's shade with a slight breeze.

Liberation.

Evalyn took a deep breath to test her clarity.

When she did, she found that she didn't just forget her problems and anxieties.

She released them.

Vented them.

For the first time, she allowed herself to release them.

Without realizing it, she used her rage to fuel her actions.

It gave her motivation.

Determination to become stronger.

Confidence.

Strength.

Yet it didn't necessarily help her.

It was enough to drive her actions, but she didn't know if it was required.

All she knew for certain was that her mindset turned her into the person she hated.

It fueled her toxic qualities proportionate to the motivation it gave her.

Now she'd learn if it were necessary because it was gone.

"Was it all a lie?" Evalyn asked calmly, opening her eyes with an emotional gaze, sad she used Kaze to vent her emotions on everything.

It bothered her that she was honest about what she said.

Kaze chucked, giving her a charming smile while tonguing his left canine.

"You're asking the wrong question." He replied warmly, "Everyone has frustrations that build up, so everything we both said was true.

The question is whether it was deserving.

Were your feelings about your frustrations with me genuine?

Or did you transpose your emotions toward other things onto your words and unleash them on me?"

Evalyn dry-swallowed guiltily. That was exactly what she did.

"You already know the answer to that question." Kaze smiled, slowly pulling out of her, "So there's no reason to cover it, yes?"

Her eyes trembled, looking into his gentle green eyes before he moved back to stand.

"Tell me, Kaze." Evalyn pleaded, "Was all of this purely a ruse?

A way of helping me out like you always do?"

He chuckled as he pulled up his shorts and gave her a warm smile.

"I did this on purpose." Kaze replied with a complex smile that captivated her attention, "But do not find me a hero.

I pushed you to the edge until you snapped, so I can hardly play the victim for your wrath."

"But it was for me, right?" She argued.

"You act as though I didn't also benefit from it." He replied charmingly, "The best part of sex is that pleasing others doesn't necessitate you give up your pleasure.

We both built up frustrations and intentionally consented to get them off our chests in the most agreeable way possible. We're both better off as a result."

Evalyn's eyes widened, and then she smiled genuinely. She felt so grateful to have someone like him in her life.

"Does... that mean that I shouldn't say sorry for certain things?" She asked hesitantly, "Like accusing you of being an [overt narcissist]? That was pretty damaging."

"And true." Kaze laughed in amusement, "I match every symptom perfectly. Even now, I don't see anything wrong with it, so I don't mind admitting it."

Evalyn was floored by his positive outlook on a toxic personality disorder.

"I coddle another woman when my true love's alive." He smiled, buttoning up his shirt, "I'm a playboy with sex addiction, a power complex, and a refusal to change."

She gave him a wry smile, reaffirming everything she found an issue with moments after she released her frustrations.

"However...." Kaze smiled mysteriously, captivating her attention, "My my overt narcissism makes me confident and charming enough to keep my true love in my life.

It allows me to feed my sex addiction and power addiction, and people accept I won't change."

He flashed her a magnetic smile that said [I've just admitted I'm horrifyingly toxic—now, try hating me for it].

Evalyn laughed awkwardly and burst into giggles, realizing she couldn't. "You're a piece of work.

I envy your ability to leverage your toxic traits and positivity."

That night he allowed her to be hormonal and disgustingly toxic like people their age without reservation. Not only did he not blame or judge her—

—he found it overtly positive.

Somehow he always had an answer to make her feel… human.

Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

She wished that she felt that way by default.

"Then practice it." Kaze replied with a mysterious smile that captured her soul, "If you did, you'd be the most woman in history."

The blonde instantly touched her face to check its temperature—her face was burning. She knew she was bright red to an embarrassing degree.

"You're something else, Kaze." Evalyn smiled warmly, recovering with radiating emotions in her heart.

"Well, I must go." Kaze smiled wryly, "There's a young woman whose anxiety that I've abandoned her is worsening by the second."

Evalyn heard his statement and wry tone and realized that his relationship with Kiera wasn't as positive as it seemed.

He didn't enjoy coddling her; it just needed to be done.

No, it wasn't just Kiera—they were both trainwrecks.

Yet he handled them both simultaneously somehow.

He was truly a twisted inspiration.

Kaze waved his hand and gave her one last warm smile. "Rest easy.

Your determination is for life—so you can enjoy the respite."

Without further discussion, he walked through the spatial rift into his room.

When he entered, he smirked at Kiera, staring into dead space where he was supposed to be with lost puppy dog eyes.

When she heard him, her impulse was to jump up and cry out.

However, primal fear that he'd leave her or stop training her if she was clingy hit her like a brick, and she shut her eyes tightly.

"Ugh… strawberry cake." Kiera groaned sleepily, attempting sleeptalking while rolling over toward Crux, who was annoyed.

The divine beast glared at Kaze, who reeked of Evalyn and sex.

Nothing escaped her nose.

He gave her a smug smile that said [what business is it of yours?] while walking to the bed.

She huffed and rolled over too.

Kaze got into bed with an amused expression.

While Kiera was playing dead, she was huffing, expressing her anxiety through [ignoring him].

It wasn't much different than what Evalyn just did, so moved into the center of the bed until she could feel his body.

Her heart pulsed when he adjusted his body at a slight angle and cocked his head to the sigh subtly so his cheek touched her shoulder.

Kiera blushed bright red to the tip of her ears, heating up with a rapidly beating heart.

However, she calmed down when his breath steadied, indicating he was asleep.

While she was borderline bothered that he nuzzled up on her [in her sleep], her anxieties washed away.

She smiled, feeling secure again, and drifted into sleep.

When he confirmed she was asleep, he smiled slightly and let himself fall asleep again.