Kaze sat in his Microbiology class at Lockheed University cultivating with his eyes shut.

"Mr. Lexicon, can you please not sleep in my class?" Professor Roybock asked in a stern voice.

She wore a light charcoal blazer and matching slacks that day, highlighting her professionalism. Her white shirt highlighted her light brown eyes, which desperately tried not to land on his face.

"Concern not, Lady Roybock." Kaze said in a hypnotizing voice without opening his eyes, "I'm sifting through your charming insights to reestablish my knowledge of this subject."

Professor Roybock blushed at his minor compliment, spoken with a degree of charm that she couldn't comprehend and a face she couldn't ignore.

The students in the classroom burst into laughter but not at the professor. They didn't even notice her reaction because their eyes were glued to Kaze.

This lecture was the first they had had with the emperor since his transformation, and his transformation was captivating. While most was theoretically possible with cultivation, his style was belligerently offensive to men, as it highlighted how bad theirs was!

He walked in with a light-purple, tailored button-up shirt and mid-tan chinos, which the females found excessively charming. Women loved when men wore daring clothing as long as it was excessively fashionable—and it was.

The geeky teen looked like a handsome multi-millionaire upstart out of nowhere, which was just as absurd as it was true. He received a million dollars in a personal business account that morning and blew 25,000 at tailors throughout the city.

"Is… that so? If your reviewing the content, I suppose you wouldn't mind solving this problem." Professor Roybock said awkwardly while putting a formula on the electronic whiteboard.

Kaze opened his eyes in mild irritation and strode to the front of the class as if the students were soldiers awaiting his war harangue.

"While I do not appreciate your insinuation that I would lie to a woman, to the degree you'd put a question from a future section on the board to test me, I'm duty bound to prove that I indeed listen to the words of my charming professor."

He presented his palm to Professor Roybock, demanding the smart marker.

The petite woman stared at him with stunned, light brown eyes. She handed him the red smart marker in a daze and turned to the smartboard, which Kaze had already begun marking up flawlessly.

Kaze shamelessly used his eidetic memory to mindlessly complete the future test problem from memory alone, side-stepping the entire purpose of her test.

However, he was telling the truth. He was cultivating to remember everything for the tests during each class, as he would miss class often.

While he didn't care about college lectures, they contained something of critical importance: women.

"Are you satisfied?" Kaze asked while presenting the flawless answer.

"I-I…." Professor Roybock stuttered in disbelief. The rest of the class was also dazed.

"Why… Why do you know how to solve this problem?" She asked hesitantly.

"I was preprocessing information I had ahead of time, so I needn't worry about learning formulas and could focus on your charming insights." Kaze replied with a playful, mocking smile.

"Any man that wouldn't cling to your elegant words is a tasteless ignoramus."

Professor Roybock blushed furiously. She reflexively opened her mouth to lecture him on appropriate student-teacher relationships, harassment, and workplace environments.

However, whenever she did, he gave her a charming smile that said [try to find my words disagreeable].

The females in the room were going wild, giggling and whispering amongst each other.

"I think… you did great." Professor Roybock said, "Thank you for paying attention in class. If you could please take your seat now."

"As you wish." Kaze replied with a charming smile.

The door to the classroom abruptly opened, and one of the most popular women on campus strode through the room.

Her sky blue eyes popped from the dark grey bags under her eyes. It made her bloodshot eyes and irritation highly visible.

"My apologies, professor," Evalyn said apologetically, "but I need to borrow this man here for a very important matter that cannot wait."

The classroom fell silent, filled with students wearing gobsmacked expressions.

It was a truly surreal sight seeing Evalyn, the co-star of the number one trending video in the world, reunited with the lead performer.

"Come now, can it not wait until I finish this lovely lady's lecture?" Kaze asked with a hypnotic smile.

Evalyn panicked when she saw everyone pulling out their phone, awaiting the juicy drama that would doubtlessly unfold.

"What do you mean, can it wait?" She growled, "We don't have time for you to flirt with your teacher right now."

Professor Roybock blushed aggressively. She wanted to act, but she, too, could see the smartphones popping up.

"If we don't have time, that's one thing." Kaze laugh-scoffed, but to insinuate that I cannot flirt with a beautiful—"

Mid-sentence, Evalyn gripped his hand with her excessively strong-by-comparison cultivation strength and pulled.

To everyone's bewilderment, Kaze didn't move in the slightest. Not even a jolt. It was a treasonous slap in the face to modern physics.

The insults didn't end there. Kaze casually looked down and then back up to her with a mocking smile.

"I'm happy to follow you." He said with a magnetic smile, "But do not proclaim I cannot flirt with a woman. Lady Roybock, please excuse me."

Evalyn closed her eyes and took a deep breath when he casually walked out of the room. She turned around and followed him without looking at the students or teachers.

"Now, what is it?" Kaze asked in the hallway, "Wait. Why do you look so… disheveled?"

The blonde's eyes began twitching. "Why? I was up all night thanks to someone I know."

"Why must you always blame me?" He asked mockingly, "It's not as if I wasn't also up late."

Evalyn blinked twice and swallowed, trying to control her inner hellfire and rage boiling over.

"Kaze, or whoever you are." She began.

"Kaze." He confirmed with a charming smile.

"Look, [Kaze]. I look like this because you're mercilessly infuriating, and I can't take my eyes off you for a moment." Evalyn seethed.

"That's rather common with ladies." Kaze chuckled, "But don't associate me with your looks. Here, let me fix it."

Before she could react, Kaze stroked her cheek, causing her to turn red to the tip of her ears.

"K-Kaze! What are—"

Golden light illuminated her face, and she felt refreshed, and her eyes opened up, indicating he had done something to restore her drooping eyelids to normal.

"See? Your face is remarkable, so it only takes a little Qi to restore its beauty." Kaze said with a tempting smile.

Evalyn blushed again and covered her face. When she released her hands, she saw that the students from the class were filming the conversation.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Kaze." She said while closing her eyes, "The school wants to speak to you regarding your incidents last Friday, and you've set off a firestorm online. So please, take this seriously. We can't get wrapped up in legal work during this time."

"Hoh? Is that all?" Kaze chuckled, "Please, take me to them."

Evalyn's eyes widened in surprise. "You sound extremely confident."

"Of course." He replied arrogantly, "Speaking to authority figures is what I do best."