"Welcome!" Kaze announced with an amplified voice heard by all, "Today we're here to celebrate our victory and formally inaugurate Immortal Skye…. as a country!"

Confused faction members throughout campus turned to each othHe was.er for confirmation before clapping.

The clapping turned to light whistles, and the whistles turned into explosive cheering.

"While this campus is small, Immortal Skye is a recognized country alongside Malta and other world powers." He continued, "And you are its citizens!"

Hysterical applause and whistling broke out in the park.

Kane, General Michaels, and the soldiers listened to the speech in shock. To them, the emperor sought independent status to prevent problems for the faction.

However, it was clear that he saw Immortal Skye as a country. That dynamic changed how their parties were supposed to interact drastically.

"This is your country!" Kaze roared, "This is your home! These are your people!

So before you take any action, remember to represent and protect Immortal Skye—the best country in the world!"

His subjects felt goosebumps and electricity pulsing through them.

Their heartbeats increased, and their cheering got more intense. The area had a pulse that spread like a contagion.

Those in the second mansion moved to the top of the stairs. Otherwise, everyone came out to join the masses around the campus.

"The world is weak, but we are strong!" The emperor yelled, "We're rich with knowledge, talent, and resources.

We stand as equals with any man or woman in the world!

We can stand our ground before any enemy we face.

We may be small, but there is not a single person in the world who doesn't wish they we at Immortal Skye!"

Waves of rolling applause moved through the faction members, moving through mansions and private rooms. Cheers followed alongside loud whistles and yelling.

No one in the Maltian military had heard such vibrant cheering. It felt like it came straight from the faction member's souls.

What shocked them was that they had seen the elites the day before. None of them looked particularly passionate. Now, they sounded bloodthirsty.

"So tonight we drink to Immortal Skye!" Kaze roared, meeting thousands of cheering faces, "We celebrate our strength! Talent! And lifestyle!

We differ from every other country—and we're proud of that!

This is our culture, and we stand behind it and fight to protect our way of life!"

The cheering became delirious. It was as though everyone and turned into new people.

Evalyn watched from the balcony of the main mansion over the lake with shivers running down her spine. The sight horrified her. "Nationalism…."

During the strategy meeting, Kaze presented his plan as an intuitive string of words. However, now she could see its devastating impact on society.

Nationalism is a simple concept. A country differentiates its people from other countries and promotes a superiority complex. That's it.

Immortal Skye is our country.

It's better than your country.

That's all.

The more power a country has, the harsher the world's conditions are, and the tighter someone's tied to the country, the more extreme the response becomes.

While a company or another faction might build up a loyal fanbase willing to riot at a soccer game, the power behind Kaze's simple words was enough to cause serious carnage.

Now that the faction members see Immortal Skye as their home, they'll protect it from people trying to steal it. They'll defend their way of life from attackers.

If the nationalist tendencies are strong enough, they'll be willing to fight to defend Immortal Skye out of a natural sense of duty.

As for what Kaze was doing—

"Is this all it will take to convince these kids to murder Maltian soldiers?" Evalyn asked in disbelief.

No one took him seriously when he said he was throwing a party to enlist soldiers.

However, no one could deny it any longer. When he declared they'd fight to protect Immortal Skye, the resounding cheers left everyone shivering.

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Even once Kaze stopped speaking, the faction members continued clapping and cheering for another minute. Their passion was aggressive.

Faction members who were peaceful only a month before had bloodlust seeping out of their battle cries.

While it wasn't violent [yet], Evalyn knew that Kaze could twist them into bloodthirsty animals in a day. It was terrifying.

The blonde scoured through her mind, trying to find memories of the current dynamic playing out, but it wasn't even triggering deja vu.

No matter how much she looked, she wouldn't find it.

Evalyn was a general that conquered the Sky Plane with loyalty alone. She never built a nation, and part of her knew that. "What did you do when you weren't a massage therapist, Kaze?"

She smiled with a strained expression, watching the man walking away from the patio to the sound of deafening applause. "You're incredible, Kaze.

I'm unsure if I want to know how you got this way. But we're together for life, right? So there's time to unravel your secrets."

"Must you imply that I would decline your quest for answers if you asked?" A hypnotic voice called out from behind her.

Evalyn jumped slightly, but her face relaxed into a resting bitch face, annoyed that he showed up just in time to hear her praising him. "Will you tell me why you have so much political skill?"

"Of course, I will." Kaze replied magnetically, walking up from behind her.

She felt goosebumps develop when he approached her from the back with the intent to touch her, and she welcomed it. Her body reacted to him as if it were only natural.

The blonde shivered when his hands wrapped around her waist and his chest pressed against her shoulders. "Why haven't you offered the information yet?

You don't disclose much to others, but you're open to me. I'm sure the response is ego-boosting.

"Because this life isn't about power." Kaze replied hypnotically, pulling her in closer.

Evalyn leaned back into his shoulder and closed her eyes. "What is it about?"

"This." He replied softly, pulling her close.

"Mhmn~" The blonde hummed in comfort, melting into him, "I like oxytocin… when I'm not jealous. It makes letting go feel natural."

Kaze glided his right hand up her stomach and over her breasts on the way to holding her. She gasped as it happened, enjoying the sensation.

"Perhaps it's selfish, but I like you this way more." He whispered.

Her eyes opened and widened in confusion. "Are you saying that you like that I have sex with you?

Or are you saying you like this version of me more?"

"While I communicated the latter, it's more accurate to say both." Kaze replied charmingly.

Evalyn broke free and turned to face him, gazing at him with crystal blue eyes. "Do you mean how hormones are affecting my personality?

There's genuinely something about my personality that you love more than your past lover?"

Kaze looked up at the moon and shook his head aimlessly while chuckling, expressing his bewilderment. "Surely, you don't think I loved the Sky Phoenix because she was bloodthirsty, correct?"

Her eyes trembled, and she looked away, then back in confusion. She didn't know the answer, but she desperately wanted to. "I don't know what you loved."

"You, Evalyn." He declared charmingly, "Your secret love for cute things.

Your desire to help the maximum number of people, even at the cost of yourself.

I love how you hide the little pleasures others take for granted.

I love seeing you run away with a piece of cake and hoard it, trying to find somewhere for you to eat it alone.

I'm captivated by your mind and intellect."

Evalyn's eyes trembled, and her heart went through waves of profound emotions.

"And I must say, there's something mystical about a woman naturally born with a divine body." Kaze added charmingly, glancing at her body.

The blonde snapped out of her emotional rollercoaster when she followed his eyes and landed on her breasts.

Her face flushed bright red to the tip of her ears, caught off guard by the sudden development.

She immediately wanted to throw a fit and escape from him, but didn't want to, and couldn't if he wouldn't let her.

So she turned away and pouted instead.

"And I love your pouting." Kaze added calmly, "When you add up all of those factors, you'd naturally be the ideal Evalyn Skye."

The blonde's eyes trembled again, and her body relaxed, moving in to embrace him.

"Your love will never be comparable." He continued, "But that's because you are two different people, and that's what's important.

You're not my past lover; you're a different person I love."

Evalyn lifted her hands, embraced his face, and then pulled his lips to hers. The two enjoyed a simple yet passionate kiss under the moonlight. "Will you take me tonight?"

"Why else would I be here at this time?" Kaze asked magnetically.

"Hoh?" She mused, "So you came here for a booty call?"

"If you consider having highly-consensual sex with a gorgeous woman a booty call, then yes." He replied charmingly, "Feel free to call it whatever you like."

The blonde chuckled in amusement and pulled her breasts onto his chest.

Kaze smiled and slid his palms down her back until they reached her leggings. He pressed his fingers into her ass and pushed down until they moved over the curve.

"Ahhh~!" Evalyn sharply moaned when he hit her upper thighs, gripped her, and pulled up, grabbing her ass firmly, "Please take me. Now."

He smiled and picked her up from his grip, making her gasp in surprise.

A violent wave of vertigo waved over her the next moment. Before she comprehended her situation, she fell through the ceiling of her bedroom, crashing into her room's bed.

Thud!

Evalyn eked when she landed but burst into giggles when she saw Kaze's cheeky smile. She immediately grabbed his face and pulled their lips together.

The two passionately kissed for a moment before she initiated, reaching to his front to unbutton his black shirt. He worked on the lower portions to speed it up.

When the shirt opened, he reached under her shirt and pulled it off.

"Do you believe this to be my kryptonite?" Kaze laughed in amazement.

"Is it?" She asked with a malicious smile, looking at the pink and white striped bra.

"That depends." He replied charmingly, "Do you enjoy it guilelessly? If so, yes."

Her eyes glided to the left and lit up to match her bright smile.

"I love it." Evalyn laughed in self-deprecation, "Maybe I never liked feeling feminine and really just liked the thrill. Hiding my inner waifu is daring and dangerous."

"I don't know how I feel about you being in danger, so let's get these off you." Kaze chuckled, moving into her leggings and pulling them down.

The blonde lifted her legs and let him pull them off her ankles after taking off her shoes.

Once they were off, she pulled off his shirt, unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and prepared to pull them off.

Kaze worked first, unbuckling her bra, throwing it to the side, and sliding off her pink-striped panties.

Evalyn grabbed his belt loop and pressed him off her, twisting him.

On his back, she pulled off his pants and boxers in one shot.

Without asking permission, she grabbed the base of his shaft and put his penis into her mouth.

He closed his eyes and smiled in bliss, enjoying the blowjob she initiated without hesitation. It had a certain charm to it.

Evalyn passionately moved her mouth up and down to get it perfectly lubricated. Once she released it, she crawled onto him. "Don't you dare make fun of me for failing."

"As if I'd do such a thing." Kaze laugh-scoffed, watching her lift her naked body off him awkwardly. She planned to put him inside her to ride him, but there was a problem.

He was too large!

She had no experience inserting an average-sized rod, let alone one that was almost a foot tall!

Kaze smiled and grabbed her ass, lifting her onto her knees forward at an awkward angle. Then he led her hand to his member and helped guide it in.

Evalyn was embarrassed at first, but that disappeared when his penis touched her clit. "Ahhh~"

He closed his eyes in satisfaction as her lips parted, and he entered her body.

The blonde closed her eyes and experienced the awkward pleasure of not knowing how to insert it.

Also, with Kaze in control, she never felt uncomfortable with the size. However, she was very uncomfortable now! It wasn't a smooth operation, so it just felt weird.

However, that made it more exciting, rawer, and more enjoyable.

Evalyn situated herself comfortably, closed her eyes to feel his body, and began lifting her. "Ahhhhh~"

Simply lifting her body felt heavenly.

Kaze wrapped his hands around her waist and helped guide her lightly, which she accepted gratefully.

She had developed an unnatural amount of dexterity and balance during her training with Crux, so she quickly developed balance and picked up the pace.

Evalyn enjoyed every second of it and frequently looked at Kaze to ensure he was enjoying it.

He was. The blonde's experimentation and exploration were a huge turn-on, so he enjoyed the experience.

The two had sex for an entire hour before reaching her climax, and he came simultaneously.

Evalyn collapsed onto Kaze's chest with a beating heart, sweating profusely with a satisfied expression. "Hey... Kaze..."

He took a deep breath and held her. "What?"

"I've decided I don't want to know why you're skilled with politics right now." She whispered, "I like things out how they are... for now."

Kaze chuckled and gripped her trembling body. "As you wish."