"I'll kill you!"

"Fuck you, Immortal Skye!"

"Just wait until I get my hands on you!"

Hundreds of Qi Sickness-infected people ran up the vivisected mountaintop with bloodshot eyes, declaring their hatred for Immortal Skye.

They held their weapons in their hands, sloppily keeping a grip on them. One would periodically lose control, and they'd accidentally hit the trigger, shooting people in the leg and sending them crashing down the mountain.

The haunting screams from fifteen miles away got louder and louder as the soldiers ran toward the summit. Luckily, trees and boulders created barriers slowing down the east and west side, and the south side fast track was an unstable landslide.

As a result, the soldiers only moved twenty feet before people fell and crashed downward. Nevertheless, they were gaining traction as they clawed their way up.

"Immortals!" Evalyn yelled, "Exit the south gates so you can watch what you're up against! No amount of training will teach you something that you must experience!"

All the members winced in horror, many bursting into tears. Kaze's display of force was silent and immediate, only haunting them after. Likewise, the planes were [machines], not people.

However, they could hear the haunting screams and angry insults in English, their language, from the soldiers running up the hill.

These [monsters] were people. They'd look like people and act like people to an extent. Therefore, they'd be watching soldiers butcher people.

"Those who fight first will be rewarded with reputation points and Skye, allowing them a richer life after our victory celebration!" Evalyn yelled, "However, be warned!

Anyone who isn't moving to the south side gates in the next two minutes will get expelled from Immortal Skye!"

A pulse of acute panic froze the area like a droplet of liquid nitrogen crashing down from the heavens.

"Look around you!" The Ice General yelled, "The world is a hellscape. It's so bad that Malta has bombed Meridian City and struck us with ballistic missiles.

Now, thousands of sick have come to reap our souls!"

Everyone shuddered in fear, save the soldiers who scoffed at their naivety.

"You live in a country that's unfathomably rich by new and old world standards!" Evalyn laughed.

"While billionaires have succumbed to disease and destruction, governments have fallen, and militaries have gotten decimated, you party in mansions!

You learn billion-dollar techniques as if they're in high school textbooks! You're eating well, gaining strength, and living as if nothing has changed.

You live in the strongest, wealthiest, and most enviable nation on Earth. If you're not willing to [watch] your defenders protect it—you don't deserve to be here!"

As soon as she used Kaze's magical nationalism language, everyone's tone and attitude shifted. It was eerie.

"Why are we discussing this!?" Larkin yelled passionately, "Let's gooooooooooooooo!"

The lanky brown-haired man strode to the gates a moment later.

"Fucking idiots." Rein scoffed, looking at everyone's faces before jogging to the gate.

Soon Brad, Sammy, and Lily were herding Immortals like sheep to the south side gate.

"Keep out of the way of the soldiers!" Brad yelled, looking at the line of soldiers passing out their weapons.

Jake walked up to a group of shoulders, making a supply chain to the north and south gate walls. "We can distribute weapons until it's our turn to fight."

A soldier narrowed his eyes skeptically. If Jake didn't ask, he'd have scoffed. However, the teen was stronger than the soldiers and showcased leadership during his training. "Gather people with common sense. We'll go from there."

The newly-appointed Director nodded and went off to retrieve elites he knew.

Meanwhile, the situation outside the wall was becoming precarious.

"Wait until they reach [above] firing distance before firing!" Sandra yelled, overlooking the south side wall, "Create a landslide to pile the bodies and fire!"

Every Immortal watched the swarms of angry people yell, scream, and howl up the mountain in horror. What they saw shocked them to their cores.

The influx of Qi didn't make everyone sick instantaneously. Instead, it crushed their breathing in the acute stage and worsened throughout the day as Qi increased in the atmosphere.

Those who didn't have the common sense to flee from populations or relied upon others were doomed to die, as they couldn't concentrate on cultivation.

Due to the gradual increase, humans got sick in stages, leading to fights and attacks throughout the day.

For that reason, the soldiers were in disarray. They were rabid, each wearing the condition they were in [prior] to becoming sick. Fights had torn their clothes, bathed them in blood and bodily fluids, and inflicted injuries on them.

Despite their states that should've immobilized them, they still used their broken limbs. Therefore, without dedicated cultivation, they would all suffer gangrene, a form of necrosis.

Their eyes were bloodshot and their faces feral as they scaled the mountain, tripping over branches and wood blocks in front and using other humans as bridges, trampling them.

While Evalyn felt the need to emphasize they weren't human, everyone who looked at them could see they weren't. They were beasts who still held weapons and could insult each other. It was a miracle they banded together to fight Immortal Skye.

"Wait for it!" Sandra yelled, watching the soldiers and Immortals panic as the parade of zombies got within a football's distance away, "We'll use the landslide to shoot fish in a bucket!"

All the Immortals shook in fear, showcasing a powerful desire to run, seeing the sea of screaming, howling soldiers running up the mountain.

"I-Ice General!"

"T-They're almost here! Kill them!"

"I'll kill them!"

"Hold!" Evalyn roared, "Learn from the soldiers!"

Sandra nodded, whipping her straight, brunette ponytail out of the way as she watched closely.

Something unexpected happened when the sick got within 25 yards.

"Fire!" One of the sick women yelled, "Fuck these monsters up! Kill them all! Rip their hearts out!"

"Fuck you!"

"Don't tell me what to do!"

"Whatever!"

Dozens of sick soldiers scoffed and lifted their weapons, making all the Immortals panic in horror. However, seeing the world in slow motion, the soldiers remained calm.

"Aim for their legs!" Sandra yelled, "FIRE!"

A hail of machine gun fire from mounted sentries on the walls and soldiers using assault rifles cut through the waves of sick.

"AGHhHhhHhhhHhhHhhhhHhhhHhhHGH!"

With the feral soldier's legs shredded like confetti, they slipped on the bodies they used as bridges, crashing backward into dozens of other soldiers. In turn, they fell, crashing downward like falling dominoes.

Now released from pressure, those lying on the unstable wood chunks rolled backward, creating a landslide and crashing into soldiers, making the situation worse.

All the Immortals watched the scene in disbelief. One minute before, they stared at a sea of zombies only 75 feet from them. Now, there were piles of fallen bodies thirty to fifty yards away.

Everything happened so fast—and it had only just begun.

"Artillery!" Kane called out from the top of the wall, "Take out as many as possible! Sentries, save your bullets for the runners!"

Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"SIR!"

"Cover your ears!" Evalyn ordered, triggering a wave of people responding immediately. However, not everyone made it before—

BOOOOM! BOOM! Boom! BOOM! Boom! Boom, boom, BOOM!

A flurry of RPG rockets shot over the walls, hitting mounts of fallen bodies. With the sick consolidated, every missile killed at least fifty and injured another twenty.

While hundreds of bodies got incinerated in a moment, there were still thousands more surrounding the mountains, and not every soldier was in the area.

Ratatatat! Ratatatat!

"Incoming fire!" Aaron yelled, "Inside the walls!"

"You heard him!" Evalyn yelled, "Get inside now!"

On her word, hundreds of Immortal Skye members ran inside. However, as they ran, the blonde summoned blades to stop a particular group.

"Evalyn!" A man yelled out, "Please, Evalyn! Let us inside!"

She stood between three people that she had exiled the day before. Additionally, blades were holding back another two behind her that tried to sneak in.

"I expelled you yesterday." Evalyn said coldly, making their hearts thump with sorrow and pain, "However, there was a provision that would let you back in, correct?"

Their eyes lit up, hearing it.

"We need… to protect Immortal Skye?" One winced.

"Correct." The blonde smiled, "Now get on the wall and prepare slash attacks only. Prove yourself in this attack, and I'll let you back in. Now go!"

Everyone in the group sheepishly followed her blades to the wall.

"RPG!" A soldier yelled, making the Ice General turn around.

The abrupt announcement made her heart thump, pulsing Spirit Qi into her brain and adrenaline through her veins. She watched in ultra-slow motion as an explosion came out of the barrel of a large tube weapon, sending a rocket toward them.

Evalyn nearly laughed when she saw it. Not only could she easily trigger the missile in advance, but she could also choose when. She watched, relaxed, as the missile moved past swaths of soldiers until—

BOOOOM!

—she waved her hand, creating a blade in front of a large group, triggering the missile in an area for maximum friendly-fire casualties.

All the soldiers were stunned by the blind showcase of skill.

Their respect for the Ice General multiplied, changing their viewpoint of Immortal Skye and their leaders.

"Kane!" A soldier yelled from behind the wall, "We're seeing the first wave of soldiers moving from the north side wall! It's difficult to see them; we await your strategy!"

Kane turned to the blonde. "Can you handle this area with only our sentries and two platoons?"

Evalyn closed her eyes to sense for cultivators in the area. Not feeling them, she opened her eyes. "There's no need; this battle is already over."