Playvolume00:00/01:33
Truvid
fullScreen

"Sam!" Mitus yelled, watching an arc of warping Qi shoot across the sky.

"GaaahhhHHHHhhHHHhH!"

Boom!

Sam, a male cultivator with long brown hair in a ponytail, yelled in pain as he fell to the ground.

He had both hands on his thigh, trying to stop the bleeding on his amputated leg, something that would kill him shortly if not treated.

After Tiara, a black-haired woman with low-back-length hair narrowly dodged an air slash, Mitus' heart thumped. He couldn't believe what he saw; something felt wrong.

"What are you hiding!?" Mitus yelled, dodging another attack, "There is no way you killed an elite Heaven Realm cultivator, and mortally wounded another, with raw Qi!"

Cultivations at their level had long since abandoned the art as frivolous unless they were handling [children]. It was the equivalent of racing a sports car on a bicycle and winning in their eyes.

"That Killian whore had enough sense to tell you I came here to trap you, yes?" [Rayton Blackfoot] scoffed mockingly, "Qi scarcity has depleted your natural shielding, Mitus Payer.

So I only need to increase the density of raw Qi attacks to kill you. By contrast, you squandered immense Qi for your pointless demonstration and will not get it back.

Do you get it now? I'm attacking [you] because I prepared. You're losing because you're not."

Kaze was playing the man. He couldn't survive a wasteful attack, so he was trying to convince them to use raw Qi attacks, which they had no hope of turning into lethal attacks.

Cultivation was an art that had nearly unlimited refinement potential. They couldn't hope to overcome 5,000 of experience and knowledge from the upper realms. The disparity was too great.

Mitus knew he was getting played but couldn't imagine it was because of fundamentals, so he tried biding for time to strategize. "Are you seriously telling us how to fight you, Ray—"

He was cut short by a flurry of weak attacks that made it impossible for him to strategize, something they needed to do because of the Qi scarcity threat.

"Tell me why, Rayton!" Mitus yelled, "Why would you betray Andrew Killian? We have always been an unofficial ally to the Blackfoot Clan!"

"Why he asks… ally he claims…." Rayton Blackfoot laughed cynically, "You abandoned us and aided the Panthera, allowing them to trample upon our reputation and steal our land. If you call that allyship then you're delusional."

"Either way, you won't get away with this!" Mitus ordered, looking at the seed planters initially following the emperor, "Soldiers, run and tell—"

A massive arrow of raw Qi shot across the sky, piercing one of their backs and curving, hitting another three foolishly watching in a line.

There were twenty-five planters to start. Now there were nineteen, including the two he killed prior.

"I have shadow clones for an alibi." Rayton Blackfoot laughed, "Do you think we'd do this in the open?"

"Run, you fools!" Mitus yelled at the stunned planters as another arrow flew through the sky, "Medallions, attack!"

Another flurry of attacks assaulted the emperor, but they didn't get close.

The same wasn't true of his arrow, which curved and killed another four. They ran staggered, so he curved the arrow like a snake to hit them. Their inexperience was tragic.

Kaze pulled back another arrow, but Mitus and his cultivators, finally regaining their bearings, aimed their attacks. However, they saw that he was already turning to them.

"That's not a Sky Arrow!" Mitus roared to his people, but it was already too late. A bolt of Qi shot across the sky and impaled Tiara, ripping a massive hole in her.

The emperor pulled back his hand, ostensibly to create an arrow, so the two remaining cultivators split direction for a pincer attack, making it impossible for him to target both.

However, he wasn't creating an arrow or aiming for them. Instead, he waved his hand, and a large waterfall of black miasma dropped from the sky above the planters.

"AGhHhhhHhhhHhhHhhHhhH!"

The lower cultivators screamed as their bodies corroded, shocking Mitus and the other cultivator.

"How did I forget he could use normal techniques!?" Mitus cried, "He's Rayton Blackfoot! Brandon, don't hold back! We must kill him before he transforms into his canine form!"

Boom!

Boooom!

BOOM!

A flurry of powerful attacks flew at the emperor. Green bolts, arrows, wind blades, and fire attacks. However, the emperor dodged all of them, bewildering the cultivators.

"Raging tornado!" Brandon yelled unprofessionally, panicking. A fireball shot from his waved hand, and wind followed it, stoking the flames and whipping them into a tornado.

"Foolish." Kaze chuckled viciously.

"GahHhhHH!" The cultivator screamed, confusing Mitus. His brain had to process the situation, but he figured it out quickly.

Kaze sent a raw Qi attack right through the fire, using it as a cloak, and caught the man off guard. The two were ashamed, getting obliterated by skillful basics!

"Raging fury!" Mitus yelled, waving his hand. A wall of wind blades shot out of the area, showcasing a divine attack similar to Harrowing Winds but exponentially weaker.

Kaze watched the man unleash the attack in extreme slow motion, using a Spirit Qi technique to supplement his lacking strength. As a result, he dodged preemptively but moved naturally.

"Lucky!" The cultivator yelled, "Bladed Sky!"

A chandelier of wind attacks shot from the heavens.

"Che." Kaze clicked his tongue, avoiding the attack, "People only show their true colors after all their comrades fall. It's despicable."

He skillfully dodged the blades with minimal motions, shocking Mitus yet again. The man had never been so perplexed.

It became clear the man he was fighting was not Rayton Blackfoot. However, the emperor didn't care if he knew that so long as his witnesses didn't.

While the man stared in wonder, the emperor shot an attack at him, still dodging the wind blades.

"GahhhHHHhhHHHhh!"

Mitus roared in pain when a slash cut into his side. "I'm going to kill you!"

"People always yell that when they're about to die!" Rayton Blackfoot laughed mockingly, "Soon all the Killians will say the same!"

"You're so cocky!" The cultivator yelled, "You act like cornered predators don't bite! Qi deprivation is better than death!"

A blinding ball of light illuminated the nighttime sky, blinding the lowly cultivators and wounded ones. Night became day as the attack expanded, shattering the ball into blades of light.

Kaze's eyes widened, looking at the attack. He thought the man got the attack a century from then!

"Radiant Fury!" Mitus yelled proudly as a hundred thousand blades shot at the emperor.

"Dark Shield!" Rayton Blackfoot yelled, creating a shield of smoke around him.

The cultivator laughed as the blades pierced through the darkness. "What a fool! He thought a shield would help him because it was a counterbalance?"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"GaaaagGAH!"

Blood shot from the man's mouth abruptly, and his lungs stopped moving. He looked down and saw a heavenly arrow had pierced through his lungs, stopping his breathing. "Wha…."

A blade shot out of a cloud of smoke, still there, cutting his leg off and sending him to the ground. He barely started breathing when the emperor walked up.

"Who… are… you?" Mitus wheezed, looking up at the demon above him, "You.. aren't… Rayton… that attack… was… unblockable."

Kaze smiled, looking down at the man. "A mortal destined for great things."

"That's… a lie… but…." The cultivator wheezed, noting Kaze's knowledge of classified information, "It… doesn't matter… we sent a Lord…."

The emperor's eyes widened in horror, realizing the man wasn't the cultivation Lord. He couldn't tell because everyone was suppressed! "Who! Tell me now!"

"Mary… Emerson." Mitus grinned.

Boom!

A cloud of dust hit the earth when Kaze sent a slash downward, cutting the man's head off.

BOOM! Boom! BOOM! Boom, boom.

He shot another flurry of attacks to ensure the other cultivators died.

"It's time to go." Kaze gritted his teeth, looking at the three witnesses in the corner of his eye. He shot forward, acting surprised, and waved his hand.

A massive flaming arrow shot at him from a spatial rift in the distance.

"GahHhhHHhhHHhhH!" The emperor groaned in genuine pain when [his arrow] pierced him and cauterized the wound, "FUCK! Fuck you!"

He immediately fled to the skies. From everyone else's perspective, another party shot the arrow from a distance and hit him.

…

A mile away from a distance, confident no one could see him, Kaze touched his wounded shoulder with a wincing expression. His body radiated in golden light, healing his wound.

"I must cultivate." Kaze muttered, gritting his teeth, "How much must I cultivate to rift there and still survive? My body limitation is offensive."

He could rift to Immortal Skye immediately. However, he expended more Qi than he thought, and the person he thought headed the operation turned out to be the subordinate.

As a result, he'd be facing one of the top cultivators in the Sky Plane without Qi and his body untempered.

"I haven't a choice." Kaze grinned, "I'll cultivate until there's enough for the rift and a few attacks. Mary will learn that there are plenty of ways to kill a cultivator, no matter how strong they are."

…

Boom! BOOM! Boom, boom, Boom, boom!

Waves of sick people dropped dead as raw Qi attacks shot at them, cutting into the earth. With the wall down, it was possible to attack without holding back, and the Immortals and soldiers didn't.

A woman with blonde hair and radiant blue eyes watched from the skies, amused by what she saw. "Interesting. Countless people have learned earth breathing techniques and mastered a basic slash attack. Basic, but effective."

However, her smile disappeared when her eyes landed on Evalyn. "But that one has a technique she should not. That proves that someone from the Sky Plane has helped them."

"Ice General, we're running out of options!" A soldier yelled, "We need to use it!"

Mary's eyes flashed with interest, and she flew to the area at ghostly speed. Before anyone saw what had happened, he coughed, getting interrogated by a mysterious blonde in white robes from fifty feet in the sky. "Use what? Hmmm?"