"Kaze, you're one twisted man." Sage grinned, reading an official document.

—

July Reputation Point Incentives

The Reputation Point (RP) system encourages Immortals to work diligently, showcase talent in cultivation classes, and create businesses and services for others.

With RP, an Immortal can purchase or gain access to better work opportunities, improved housing, and exclusive classes, techniques, and opportunities.

—

"It's one thing to see this on paper; it's another to see it live." She grinned, looking at her new workplace, "Well, let's get to work."

…

"Welcome to the Exclusive." Sage smiled, welcoming a group of fifty through the gates of a mansion, "Those who accumulate 100 reputation points can sign up for specialty classes for exclusive techniques.

All exclusive classes cost one to ten RP depending on the skill level, but talent allows a person to earn the points back every lesson."

—

Exclusive Fundamental Classes [Weekly]

Description: …

- Intermediate Breathing

- Raw Qi Manipulation

- Offensive Technique Fundamentals

- Qi Control

- Sight Training

…

—

The redhead led the Immortals to an area with a waterfall and a cave. "Everyone has seen the Emperor use overpowered wind and tranquility techniques. You've also seen Kiera use them.

With enough RP, you can sign up for courses to learn them yourselves."

She turned to the lake and waved her hand, creating a sharp gust of blades that cut through the water erratically before hitting a training rock.

"Technique classes come with a discounted technique for you to learn." Sage smiled mysteriously, leading them to a bulletin board, "So you can choose the one you wish to learn."

An explosion of excited whispers rippled through the group when they saw the available courses.

—

Exclusive Technique Classes [August Enrollment]

These classes teach techniques students purchase at the beginning of the course.

Those who finish the course with high proficiency will get refunded their RP. Anyone that scores above average will get prorated 50%.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

-

- Focus and Senses Techniques (+100 RP/technique)

- Wind Technique Fundamentals (+100 RP/technique)

- Arrow Technique Fundamentals (+100 RP/technique)

- Bladed Technique Fundamentals (+100 RP/technique)

- Tranquility Technique Fundamentals (+250 RP/technique)

- Healing Technique Fundamentals (+500 RP/technique)

…

—

"What about the General's ice techniques?" A man asked in excitement.

The professionally-dressed redhead chuckled and turned to him with strange green eyes. "Those techniques will kill you."

"A-Are you serious?" A brunette asked with eyes wide with astonishment, shocked with everyone else.

"I'm being dead serious." Sage smiled ominously, "Just give up on being as strong as Evalyn Skye or Kiera Snow. Just aim to be the third best, as it's still an achievement."

Everyone smiled wryly, looking at each other in disappointment.

"You said we get a [discounted] technique with those classes." A brown-haired male athlete said, "So does that mean we can buy techniques?"

"Correct; come with me." She instructed, leading the group into the mansion, "Every room here is heavily reinforced with Qi. So you can try out techniques in the ballroom without harming it."

The Immortal's eyes widened in disbelief, hearing the casual claim as they walked to an office down the first floor's left hallway.

The redhead opened the door and showed everyone the sign above a desk.

—

Cultivation Techniques

- Raw Qi Mortal Techniques (+50 RP)

- Mortal Techniques (+100)

- Earth Techniques (+150)

- Earth Spirit Qi Techniques (+250)

- Earth Healing Techniques (+500)

- Sky Breathing Technique (+500)

- Sky Offensive Technique (+750)

- Sky Spirit Qi Technique (+1,000)

- (No Sky Healing Technique Available)

- Heaven Breathing Technique (+2,500)

- Heaven Offensive Technique (+3,000)

- Heaven Spirit Qi Technique (+5,000)

- Heaven Healing Technique (+10,000)

—

"There are 827 techniques you can purchase with RP." Sage smiled amusedly, watching everyone's crumbling expressions, "There are fire, ice, gravity, healing, and every other type of [magic] imaginable. If you work hard enough, you can learn anything.

For an extra 100 RP, you can book a personal session with the Emperor, and he'll demonstrate it and help you get started."

Excitement spread through the group like wildfire.

"I…." A blonde said nervously, averting her gaze, "... have a question. Will there be… Dual Cultivation training?"

The group burst into laughter, hearing her, making her turn bright red.

"Don't get me wrong!" She cried, "Sarah and Riley have gotten obnoxiously overpowered, and it's been bothering me. I also hear that the elites have used non-sexual Dual Cultivation techniques to improve their power."

"Yeah, right." A man chuckled, "Just say you wanna have sex with the Emperor. No one will judge you… that much."

Everyone burst into laughter again, wearing mocking expressions.

The redhead ignored the poor blonde's plea to move one and allowed everyone to talk trash and make fun of her mercilessly.

For a moment, everyone forgot they were on tour and just talked about Kaze and the women that signed up to sleep with him.

Only the blonde saw the redhead's sinister facial expression, falling quiet in slight fear.

"DUAL Cultivation!" Sage announced derisively, aggressively capturing everyone's undivided attention, "Is available.

As blondie has pointed out, beginner classes have non-sexual contact and will multiply your breathing proficiency exponentially.

I can verify, as I am an elite, and can confirm her words.

Male or female, I assure you that you'll want to follow this astute woman's example."

Everyone saw the redhead's mocking expression and felt waves of anxiety crash through them.

Not knowing why she let them continue for two minutes without confirming made them feel a sense of terror and anxiety that hit their sense of well-being like a toothache.

They felt she was silently taking notes of everyone, logging their viewpoints on Kaze into a permanent database in her mind. It was eerie.

"There are 50 spots for Dual Cultivation classes." Sage continued, satisfied with their reaction, "After the spots are filled, up to 50 people have the great fortune of being sex dolls for the students to practice on.

Kaze will hide all identities with an illusionary technique for everyone's protection.

I assure you, everyone, you'll want to work hard to get into the Emperor's Dual Cultivation classes."

—

Dual Cultivation

Note: For student safety, practice sessions use a Spirit Qi to mask the identity of students and practice partners. Use of real names is prohibited.

July's courses do not include direct sexual contact.

- Meridian Tracing

- Pleasure Tracing

- Pleasure Therapy

…

—

"That's it for the Exclusive Tour." She smiled, "My office is in this building, so I'm always around.

I hope to see everyone in this mansion at one point, proving yourself [valuable] in the weeks ahead."

Something about her term [valuable] felt sinister and left everyone unnaturally afraid, as if they were looking at a snake and their brain warned them of danger.

Nevertheless, they all walked away talking about the learning opportunities with tainted excitement pulsing through their veins.

…

Sage reread the July Reputation Point Incentives announcement with an ominous smile. Then she looked up and panned the space she was in. "The Executive is [perfect]."

—

Perks for Top Accumulation of RP

Those with the most RP accumulated, moving in a top-down fashion:

1. Can obtain the job of their choice for August unless they work in skilled labor or management.

2. Can live at the Executive or the Elite (+10 RP) living quarters for August, contingent upon rank and availability.

3. Will get the first choice of Underground Bizarre space. (+Rent).

-

—

"Nothing points out just how dramatic his system is than this mansion." She smiled mysteriously, "I'm glad people are finally being forced to have common sense."

...

"Welcome to the Executive." Sage smiled, gazing at another group of fifty, "This mansion is devoted to the top 20 Immortals, ranked by value.

To live here, you must become talented enough to teach or start a successful business."

The professionally-dressed redhead led the confused group into the building and opened the first door in the right hallway.

"Welcome to Suite #1, the smallest suite in The Executive." She smiled strangely.

Everyone gasped in shock, panning the room. It was a massive suite the size of a four-bedroom apartment. It had leather upholstery on the furniture, a full kitchen with a granite-top island, and a bathroom with a small hot tub.

"There are two bedrooms, two master baths, a full kitchen, a living room, and a study in Suite #1." Sage said, leading them through the area and showing them the amenities.

Many felt their stomachs sink. All the Immortals were bunking together unless they had a condition or reason to remain separated. So seeing that twenty people would have a luxurious apartment-sized room in a mansion made them feel sick.

"Naturally, there are high-end shared recreation areas and ballroom spaces." She continued, "This is the reward you'll get for proving value."

"Providing value?" A blonde chuckled to herself, not answering or addressing the redhead.

"Yes, value." Sage affirmed boldly, "In a society where no machines make toilet paper, Immortals must risk their lives to scavenge it.

Immortal Skye will not make people risk their lives for toilet paper when we're focused on providing food, so a business must organize and pay mercenaries to scavenge for it.

Tell me, blondie. Would you rather 20 people monopolize a mansion and have toilet paper or have a tiny room and go without it?"

The blonde opened and closed her mouth, not finding the words to defend herself.

"Oh, yes, that's right." Immortal Skye's Finance and Economics Director smiled ominously, "The days of people bitching about capitalism are over.

It's the apocalypse; if businesses don't spring up to provide the goods and services you took for necessities in June, you'll feel like a miserable savage by August.

Those who sow discord about lacking necessities or commodity prices will be sent on scavenging missions to retrieve them.

I guarantee no one will believe in socialism 60 days from now."

The Immortals shivered at her ominous words and psychopathic expressions. While they didn't express sadism for people's pain, they told a vibrant story of her satisfaction that her merciless, hyper-rational beliefs were now law.