"Next up, we have Rachel Trent, offering light, fetish fulfillment for 10 RP per hour." Kylie announced brightly, welcoming a beautiful brunette to the stage, "That includes stepping on men, foot play—"

"60 RP!" A man called out reflexively, suffering from full amygdala hijack.

After a second of stunned silence, the ballroom exploded in laughter, and he realized what had happened.

"Looks like we already know who's winning priority creep service!" A woman yelled, triggering a wave of laughter.

Others in the audience watched nervously, hiding their signs and praying she won enough RP from the man to get in.

…

"Next up, let me welcome you to the six women offering stripping services and lap dances!" Kylie announced grandly.

"Wheeeeeeeeeew!" A man whistled as six women walked onto the stage in lingerie.

"We'll start with Randy Emson." The cute brunette announced, "She's offering the service for ten RP and 1 RP or 100 Skye per 30-minute extension. While she's the most expensive, she's offering a lap dance to every pre-order investor!"

Thunderous applause exploded in the room when Randy walked to the front, belly dancing in a pink g-string.

"You may begin!" Kylie announced.

…

"Randy's leaving with a whopping 280 RP after priority bidding!" The brunette concluded, triggering a round of applause, "Let's keep that energy alive.

Remember that these women are offering their services publicly—even if you're last, you're first!"

Her skillful reminder rebuilt momentum after many had lost motivation, spending their RP or learning from Mary's example.

…

"Sold for 24 RP!" Kylie announced, "Thank you for making your fellow women gain confidence for their bodies, dancing, and dreams!"

Tumultuous applause rocked the ballroom.

"Next up, we have regular services coming to Immortal Skye!" She continued, "First up, Minor Healing services."

Three men and three women walked onto the stage.

"Those standing before you are seeking 500 RP to learn Minor Medical Vision, a sky technique that can see internal wounds and damage." Kylie explained.

"Users can use Minor Healing with pinpoint precision using the technique, increasing their healing capabilities.

Those who invest will have a personal doctor for the next year. You can see the full benefits package for each investment amount inside that packet."

Excitement spread through the crowd as the individuals introduced themselves, and the bidding began.

…

"We have 330 RP." Kylie announced with a straight face, trying to stay objective, "Will anyone else sponsor Simon Millwood for his Minor Medical Vision training?"

The auditorium was silent, with many looking away.

"Che. figures that the pretty waitress got over 700 RP, and the talented male doctor is getting discount shoppers." An asian man scoffed under his breath, "I'll be pissed if all the women make it after this."

"Then why don't you invest?" A nearby woman scoffed.

"I have something I want to invest in." He replied dryly, "I won't waste my RP on principle."

"You're just hateful when women win instead of men." A blonde laughed maliciously, "Well, it sucks to be you. Immortal Skye has Kaze, so women can shine, so watch yourself."

"I'm not hateful of the winners." The man scoffed, rolling his eyes, "I hate [you] and everyone else with that attitude.

Women have privileges that men don't, yet people like you act universally oppressed. Deny that all you want, but a [medical student] is getting ignored after a [waitress] just got handed a cheat to success here.

I'm not making light of women getting harassed and having to protect their bodies.

But it's 2032, for fucks sake. Stop acting like unfair advantages are necessary to lift women out of economic equality."

"Sounds reasonable—if it didn't come from someone who just bought a hooker." She laughed.

"I also hate women who shame men whether they look down on sex work or support it." He countered dryly, "Sexism goes both ways—and you're sexist.

I'd also shed that shield complex if I were you. Kaze is removing all the barriers to female equality here—once he does, I think you'll see how privileged you were in Malta.

Everything here is meritocratic. Without the countless diversity hiring and entrance programs, women and men will compete on talent alone."

"So what? Men are more talented but oppressed?" She scoffed, rolling her eyes.

"Hell if I know, lady." He scoffed, "I could care less if women dominate an industry.

I'll just be happy to see the look on women's faces when they realize they've had a handicap.

I'm annoyed a doctor's getting denied for not having breasts and angry you're hiding your sexism behind our leader. It's disgusting."

"You're just sexist, and angry Kaze isn't on your side like past politicians." She sneered.

-

"We got another ten, bringing us to 340." Kylie announced, "Is anyone else willing to invest in Simon? He's a medical student; he's the most qualified person here."

The audience fell silent, and the atmosphere became awkward.

"150 RP." A voice called out, making everyone's heart pulse. Everyone in the audience turned behind them in fear, realizing a certain person was present the entire time.

Simon's eyes widened in disbelief. He opened and closed his mouth, wanting to say something but lacking the words.

"150 from Kaze Lexicon, bringing us to 490." Kylie announced excitedly, "Who will be the last 10?"

-

The blonde went to raise her sign, but the piercing black eyes from the asian man near her made her lower it. "What, you're not going to bid?"

"Once again, I don't need the service and have something I want to invest in." The asian man replied dryly, "At this point, I would if there were a need, but once people get over their shamelessness, there won't be a problem.

Kaze just gave someone a [privilege]. Watch how unfair things are about to get."

As if by cue, the investments started rolling in from both the men and women.

…

"Wow, Simon Millwood is leaving with a record 1,130 RP." Kylie commented in amazement, "It's a bit heartwarming to see someone's hard work and talent get noticed so dramatically."

Dozens of shameless cheers rang out, increasing the awkward atmosphere in the room.

"Kaze, would you like to say a few words?" She asked hesitantly.

Everyone turned around, half peering into the spotlight as Kaze stood in the skybox.

"Simon's credentials are in the auction booklet." Kaze responded dryly, "I'm appalled anyone would seek another as their doctor, and confounded why more don't find healing services valuable after the attack on Immortal Skye."

The ballroom fell silent. A myriad of emotions crashed through the atmosphere, spreading from individual to individual through synesthesia.

Fear.

Anxiety.

Doubt.

Kaze Lexicon watched everyone's pugnacious attitudes and cruelty that night without a word, yet he called out everyone with a simple, irrefutable statement.

It was irrational that many spent dozens of RP on a single night of sex work, yet few secured medical services, despite countless dying or getting injured the night before.

That reality left most people feeling ashamed.

Moreover, spending RP on the female waitress like she was a sex worker was ludicrous. Those that did felt their stomachs drop.

Very few felt comfortable with their actions that night, and that was something they needed to accept. However, there was one person who was completely at ease.

"Thank you, Leader." Simon bowed on stage.

The asian man, Steve Chung, put his fingers into his mouth and let out a wolf whistle. His gesture made people snap out of their self-deprecation and burst into cheers.

-

The emperor smiled mysteriously, looking at the man in the crowd. "You again, huh?"

"Do you know him?" Carmen asked curiously.

"I met him on the first day." Kaze smiled, turning to her, "Talented and sharp but soft-spoken unless addressed. He may have future leadership potential."

Steve Chung was the male who provided a solution for the first learning activity when Omar tried to punch the emperor.

"I see." The police chief replied, turning back to the asian. She wondered what the man had to do to get remembered, unaware of the irony.

-

...

"Lastly, we have three start-ups, two offering life-changing services at Immortal Skye!" Kylie announced, triggering excitement.

Many translated the term life life-changing as [redemption opportunity] and wanted to prove their rationality to the emperor.

"On page three, you'll find the info on The Scavagers, Club Quinn, and Kat's Casino." The brunette continued, "Kat's Casino is, as its name suggests—a gambling den.

They seek 500 RP for workers and 50,000 Skye for the house's bankroll. As a reminder, gambling dens cannot trade in RP, so investors can only gain Skye through investing in them."

Awkward whispers spread through the audience. While many were excited, they were afraid to showcase it in front of Kaze.

"While it's not apparent, The Scavengers and Club Quinn are both savaging businesses." Kylie announced boldly, confusing the Immortals.

"While Club Quinn is a club, it seeks to employ a mercenary force to scavenge for liquor, tobacco, and recreational substances in Meridian City." She explained, sending waves of realization washing over everyone.

"As they scavenge, they will also seek desired items from those who hire them and sell general finds in the public market.

Therefore, Club Quinn provides three major revenue streams from critical services. Equity finance investors have a great opportunity for success."

Excited whispers spread through the audience, and Immortals flipped to the equity financing section, written by Sage, which everyone previously ignored.

"Club Quinn seeks 5,000 RP and 50,000 Skye to get started." Kylie announced, shocking everyone, "There is a financing option where investors can borrow up to 100 RP, so everyone can invest."

After explaining the logistics, she continued.

"Let's talk about The Scavengers." She announced, "Like Club Quinn, The Scavengers will obtain items of a buyer's choice and collect items on the way.

However, they search for items directly instead of through passive collection.

Moreover, unlike Club Quinn, their main business model has few risks—clients auction RP and Skye to pay mercenaries. Therefore, every job earns a profit.

Of the 5,200 RP they are asking for, 5,000 RP will purchase a [spatial ring].

Kaze's first-tier spatial ring provides five cubic feet of space for any item on your fingertip, regardless of weight.

It's linked to a vault in Immortal Skye. Thus a person with a spatial ring can teleport an unlimited amount of items here on one trip."

Kylie's finger radiated with blue light, and a liquor bottle materialized in her hand. The scene instantly devolved into pandemonium and chaos.

"You may wonder why spatial rings are so expensive." She said, calming everyone down, "It's because of their ease of misuse and hoarding.

Therefore, we only want businesses that will obtain items they can sell have them to prevent hoarding and prevent individuals from using them for theft.

Spatial ring space is regulated, and every haul has a charge.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

A business must be capable of selling its items and navigating the challenge. However, if they can, they have mass profit potential.

The Scavengers wish to be that business!"

Excited cheers exploded in the area. Everyone wanted to be a part of their impending success.

"These are the three start-ups that you can invest in tonight!" Kylie announced, "Each is offering a percentage of its profit to investors.

If The Scavengers make 100 RP profit and own 1% profit equity, you earn 1 RP passively without doing anything. It's what you earn simply by investing.

However, if the business goes bankrupt, you lose everything you invested.

Before our bankruptcy system gets finalized, expect to lose everything if one of these groups fails and to make immense profits if they succeed. Let's get started!"

…

"Now it's time to announce our final results!" Kylie announced, "In last place, we have Kat's Casino, which raised exactly 500 RP and 73,150 Skye.

In second place, we have Club Quinn, with a shocking 7,100 RP and 82,500 Skye.

Lastly, we have The Scavengers, leaving with a mind-bending 18,200 RP and 19,300 Skye."

-

"I'm curious." Kaze smiled mysteriously, turning to Sage, "Do you know I'm aware you're running the Scavengers?"

Sage turned to him with a sly smile. "Of course I do. I did it to see whether you'd consider a business run by a manager cor-rup-tion."

"I punish corruption, not the potential for corruption." The emperor smiled venomously, "Otherwise, I encourage value and don't mind [profiteers]. However, what would you have done if I did?"

"I'd have handed the reigns over to someone else." She replied without hesitation, "Those with true greed follow the rules, for they risk everything when they don't.

I'm not foolish enough to turn against you; I can identify true power and respect it."

Kaze narrowed his eyes in interest. "Thank you for satiating my curiosity."

"Now that the auction is over, I can satiate more than that." Sage replied without hesitation.

"Hoh?" He smiled, "That's a bold statement."

"I'm confident." The redhead replied with a seductive smile.

"Aren't you worried?" Kaze asked with a predatory glint.

"About what?" Sage mused, "A night of unbelievable pleasure?"

"Yes." He smiled mockingly, "Such a night can ruin your sexual ambitions for life."

The redhead gave him a vicious smile with a near-lethal glint. "I welcome you to try chaining me to my desire for pleasure, Emperor. Just don't leave disappointed."