"Mmmn~" Sage moaned, feeling Kaze's finger move up her thigh, lifting her red cocktail dress. However, she became frustrated when he traced down, removing his hand and embracing her in a hug. "You're a tease."

"Do you like it when I tease?" He asked in a mesmeric tone, tracing his fingers up her neck, grabbing the zipper to her dress, and stopping. His action exposed his question's irony, making her shiver in pleasure.

"There's a difference between teaser and misleader and disappointed and impatient." The redhead smiled, eyes closed, "You're the former, and I'm the latter. In a relationship like that, what's not to love?"

"Is that so?" Kaze mused, unzipping her dress slowly and letting it drop to the ground at her feet, "If you're impatient, then are you acting so docile?"

Sage opened her eyes, staring at him with an intimidating expression, highlighted by the black-lace lingerie accentuating her curves. "You speak as if not submitting was ever an option. However, if you want me to express myself with roleplay, I will oblige."

The redhead pressed her delicate hands on his gray button-up and pushed forcefully, sending him crashing onto the red silk sheets of his massive harem bed.

He playfully acted phased, quickly pushing himself backward and adjusting to the bed as she walked to it, putting her right hand down and then the left. Left knee, and then the right.

She followed him, moving back, C-cup breasts slightly swaying in her black bra as she crawled to him.

Once she reached him, she kept crawling, moving to his stomach before straddling him.

"While you're playfully interacting with my false dominance, you're actually prolonging my waiting, aren't you?" Sage asked with a murderous smile, watching him inch backward, even under her straddle, "Well, if you welcome expression, I'll expedite my desires."

Instead of unbuttoning his luxurious gray button-up, she grabbed both sides and used her top-tier Earth Realm cultivation strength to rip it off, sending fabric flying everywhere.

--At least, that was what was supposed to happen.

The redhead became slack-jawed when she pulled, her arms felt enormous counterforce, and nothing happened to the shirt. While it moved freely, it didn't strain or break.

She tried again, pulling the two sides with medium force, trying to discover the secret. Once again, it didn't do anything. "What... is this?"

"Soul Qi fortification." Kaze said charmingly, giving her a mocking smile, "Had I expected you were into forceful actions, I'd have worn a shirt whose button threads couldn't withstand a diamond-tipped chainsaw."

Sage opened and closed her mouth, lost in disbelief until he casually started unbuttoning his shirt, examining her lingerie-laden body in satisfaction.

Seeing that, she smiled wryly and crawled backward, working on his belt to overcome her perplexion and embarrassment. "How strong are you, Kaze Lexicon?"

"Until six weeks ago, I thought I was the strongest ever to live." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "Now, I understand I'm [likely] the strongest to ever live and still have people to test that against."

The thought that there were cultivators with strength who could send him back into the past filled him with excitement and thrill.

He was bored to tears as the Emperor of the Five Planes, wishing there was an enemy stronger than himself to whom he could aspire. Or, at least, that there was an individual who had near-equal power and a chance of winning.

Ironically, he got his wish the moment he got sent back, ensuring he couldn't face such enemies for centuries.

Hearing Kaze's confident statement, Sage shuddered in a thrill-fueled, enraptured state. She knew he wasn't the teen he was six weeks ago.

It didn't matter to her whether he was a spy, a transmigrator, or a ghost possessing the geek from Lockheed University. She only understood he was someone else and liked who she saw.

After unbuckling his belt and pulling down his slacks, she immediately grabbed the base of his shaft and moved to put his dick in her mouth, riding her wave of passion. However--

"I hate to disappoint, love, but there won't be any of that." Kaze said charmingly, freezing her in place, mouth open, hovering above his tip, "You cannot divulge your secrets with a busy mouth."

Sage's eyes couldn't get wider. While she couldn't move, she could speak but remained silent as he peeled her hand off his shaft and crawled backward, escaping her straddle.

As if it were only natural, he slid out from underneath her and slid his knees under her again, horizontally, before releasing the raw Qi holding her in place.

She had become relaxed, as she didn't need to hold herself up under his freeze. As a result, when he released the Qi, her left arm buckled, and she fell--into his lap.

"What is...." The redhead muttered before turning and discovering his setup. She was lying over his knees, ass up, in a perfect position to be spanked!

The absurdity of how quickly and smoothly she ended up in the placement filled her with fascination, terror, and excitement.

"Is this how you'll interrogate me, Emperor?" Sage asked with a rapidly beating heart.

"I felt you'd find this preferable to confessing all your secrets during conventional sex." Kaze said charmingly, playfully smacking the redhead's ass, "Do you disapprove?"

A vigorous wave of excitement welled within her, and she turned to him with a sinister expression. "Tell me, Emperor. Do you think you can derive a sadist's secrets through [sexual punishment]?"

"I needn't punish nor reward you to unravel your enigmas." He scoffed, rolling his eyes, "I only seek to obtain my answers in the most agreeable manner possible for both of us."

"Is that so?" Sage mused, "You've not only declared that you can obtain a sadist's secrets through sexual punishment, but also that you don't need any incentive? That's a bold staaaayyyaaahhhHHHhhMen~t!"

The redhead's eyes rolled to the back of her skull when his fingers lit up and moved up the back of her thigh, sending Yang QI flowing through pleasure channels leading to her clit.

"Wh-Wha-Wh-What i-is this!?" She stuttered, feeling the ceaseless pressure, "I-It's too... m-mu--"

Smack!

An explosion of sensation triggered from her ass, shooting through her body until it reached her face, leaving it slightly numb and tingling.

It didn't feel like pleasure. Instead, it felt like uncomfortable static electricity that neutralized all sensations in her body, clearing her pleasure pallet like wasabi.

After the overbearing pleasure that she experienced, the numbing feeling felt like salvation.

"I think you understand the situation now, yes?" Kaze asked magnetically, "I'll give you the pleasure you sought, and you'll ruefully beg me to punish you to make it stop.

However, I will not listen lest you give me what I want. Let's begin--provide me a safeword."

Sage's eyes widened in annoyed perplexion. "After all your tough game, you'd really ask me to create a safe word, Emmmmmmn~perooooaaAHR~!"

"Hoh?" He mused sarcastically, pressing five golden fingers onto her lower back like playing a piano chord, "I'm doing this to obtain what I want from you, am I not?"

"Y-Yes, you aahhhHh~re, b-but, saayY~feeh words are n-non-comitaahhhHHhHhhhhL~!" The redhead screamed in pleasure, kicking her legs up and down.

"Non-committal?" Kaze asked mockingly, moving his fingers down and creating golden patterns on her inner thighs, "Do you see me stopping?

I've given you two outs to make this stop--answer me or create a password to end the session. If you do neither, I'll continue doing what we discussed, and you consented to."

Safe words are off-switch terms that end sexual experiences. It is a good sexual practice because many say no when they mean yes, much like someone saying [stop~it~] when they enjoy it.

Moreover, some, like Sage, find sexual pleasure in saying [no] and getting rejected.

Naturally, he would stop if he felt she found the experience negative. However, he wouldn't explain that to someone pissed that he gave her an option at all.

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I-I consented to you i-interrogating meeeEEeeEe~!" She moaned aggressively, "I-I shouldn't have a c-choice!"

"Choice?" Kaze scoffed mockingly, "What choice have I given you, Sage? I've demanded a safe word against your wishes and will not stop punishing you until you give it to me.

Do you find purity in giving me what I want so long as what I want suits your narrative? I lack the time and words to label such lunacy."

The redhead's eyes opened wide in understanding and then shut instantly, fighting back the overwhelming pleasure his fingers were triggering her on her thighs. "S-Sorry!"

"I don't need your sorries." He scoffed, rolling his eyes.

"AhhhHHHhhHHhh~! no! No! no!" Sage screamed, "N-Not, sorry! I mean [Sorry]!"

"You don't mean sorry, you mean [Sorry]?" Kaze asked, half-mocking, half-listening to her as he cranked up the pleasure. He understood there was nuance, but he was making her work for it.

"S-SorriiiIIeeeEE~!" She moaned, kicking her legs, "T-The SAFe word! [Sorry]!"

He grinned in bewildered amusement. Safe words need to be a word the person doesn't use to prevent [accidently] ending the session.

Sage told him that sorry was the safeword because she never said it. That was amusing to him beyond reason.

"Hoh?" Kaze mused, moving his finger up her thigh until it broke past her panties, and glided his finger around her stomach inside them, "You seem to say it quite a lot."

She shut her eyes and fought passed the overwhelming torment of not having her clit touched and the simultaneous fear of his finger making contact.

"I-I did what you asked." Sage swallowed, feeling his fingers get closer to her clit, "K-KaaahhHHhhaaZzeEe~!"

Smack!

The emperor pulled his hand out of her panties, radiating a black aura before smacking her ass, sending a ripple of charcoal grey energy moving through her ass.

Her clit sensitivity disappeared, followed by the sensitivity in her nipples before her face and numbed with a tingling static.

While the unpleasant experience was akin to waking up with a numb limb and chewing on tinfoil, it felt like heaven, much like a freezing shower after being in dry heat for 14 hours.

"Y-You weren't joking." Sage stuttered, "You've reversed the roles of pleasure and p-pain."

"I did." Kaze smiled, "While it was unnecessary, I figured I'd turn a sadist into a masochist for my amusement."

His language and behavior spoke to her BDSM-driven soul, proving that he knew intimately who she was and what she wanted. It made her excited and anxious, knowing he could see through her.

"N-Never have I felt...." She whispered with a horrifyingly ecstatic expression, "Something so fantastically destructive."

"How wonderful!" He said grandly, "While that's a net benefit for society, whether you love it or hate it is irrelevant to me. I only want answers, so let's get started, shall we?"

"O-Oh-kay." Sage swallowed, feeling a wave of excitement and fear crash into her stomach at the thought they were just beginning.

"Ex~cellent." Kaze smiled, "First question, will you ever betray me?"