Marilyn shivered, looking into Kaze's vibrant green eyes. "No, I'm the one that hasn't given you what you deserve. You've done far more for me than I could ever repay."

She spun his rolling chair around and lifted her skirt, wrapping her fingers around her panties and pulling them down slowly, letting them drop to the floor around her black heels.

Kaze glanced at the pink panties in amusement. "Do you think that I like pink panties because Evalyn wears them?"

"I don't think you have a preference in what women wear." The brunette smiled while unbuttoning the top three buttons of her white shirt, "I've been wearing pink because I like to dream."

"Hoh?" He mused curiously, "You wish you were Evalyn?"

"No, I wish I were yours." Marilyn smiled, moving her lips to his with her cleavage showing, "Seeing how you care for her and Kiera makes every woman dream, you know?"

Their lips connected, and Kaze closed his eyes as he waved his hand, creating a sound barrier and activating a dual cultivation technique.

A vibrant outpour of pleasure washed through her body with their lips connected, and she felt drawn to him. So she moved forward, sitting on his lap in a straddle, making use of the armless chair.

Kaze disconnected his lips and embraced her face. "You needn't dream, Marilyn.

Devote your life, body, and soul to me exclusively for the rest of time, and I shall make you mine, taking you with me to the Fifth Plane of cultivation and beyond."

"Will I regret giving you my entire life?" Marilyn asked softly, "Will you forget me in the sea of women in your life?"

"So long as you don't mind other women in my life, you shall regret nothing." Kaze whispered magnetically, "I do not forget those who are mine; I care for them, give them power, and protect them within physical limitations.

Devote yourself to me, and I shall keep you by my side professionally and romantically."

"You speak like charmers everywhere, but your actions bring fantasies to life." She smiled, "So long as you express your feelings with your gaze and passion, that is enough to keep me pleased between passings."

"It seems I haven't done enough for you, after all." He scoffed in disbelief, hearing her words, "Let me show you why you will want for nothing."

The emperor unbuttoned her shirt slowly, exposing her pink-laced bra underneath. Then he gently removed her sports coat and shirt before unhooking it and letting it drop, exposing her stunning lower D-cup breasts beneath.

Kaze embraced Marilyn's cheek and moved his hand to her heart, feeling it pound aggressively while she stared into his sharp, romantic gaze. "I will give you a tiny part of my soul now."

Her eyes widened in shock as he the words and then looked down in time for her to see an alchemy circle pattern light up on her chest, radiating golden light.

While she wanted to ask what it was, she felt something warm enter her body and expand, making her feel far more whole than ever before. It was as though she was a cup half-full but didn't know it, and he filled her.

"Now it's time for me to go." Kaze announced abruptly.

Marilyn's eyes panicked, longing for him not to leave her, especially after the sexual build-up. However, before she could beg him to stay, "W-Wha… is… AhhHHhhhHhhhHhhhHHhh~!"

The brunette moaned intensely, gripping Kaze when she felt a warm sensation move from her heart to between her thighs. As it did, it spread waves of pleasure through her body.

Her clit expanded, and her pussy became wet, making her embarrassed that she was straddling him.

"W-What is this, KaAh~HhzZe?" Marilyn asked with her eyes shut tightly.

"It's a dual cultivation soul technique called a [Longing Embrace]." Kaze explained, moving his lips to his ears, "I've temporarily grafted my resolve to please you onto your heart.

If you want me sexually or emotionally, and I cannot give that to you, it will use part of my soul to please you. With my mastery of the technique, I assure you that you would never feel repressed desire again, should it become permanent."

"Mhmmnn~ah~but! BUT!" Marilyn moaned with a pained expression, "It's embarrassing to confess this, but if this activates when I want you, I'll be orgasming all the time!"

He chuckled in amusement and embraced her cheek. "It will not activate if you do not wish to be pleased, and if you wish for it to stop, you can tell it to stop.

Or, once you know I am staying and only meant to give you a demonstration—"

A wave of clarity washed over her when he indicated that he'd stay, and the energy pleasing her faded instantly.

"—It will go away naturally." He smiled, "This technique will please you while I'm away, ensuring I can provide you what you deserve at all times. It's not meant for when I'm here."

Marilyn shivered in ecstasy when she heard his words. "So with this, I will live a contented life, sexually and emotionally, to a degree, no matter what?"

"That's right." Kaze said hypnotically, "With my skill and resolve to please my women, I can satisfy you for life. If this technique had my Soul Seal, and I were to die, you would not want for anything for centuries or longer. That is what I offer my women, if they ask it of me."

The brunette took a deep breath to cool her boiling blood and passion. "I would have given you everything without this technique, but I would not refuse it. Your drive to please women fuels my feelings for you, and this technique demonstrates that."

"Does that mean that you wish to be my woman?" He asked in an alluring voice that spoke to her soul.

"I want to be your woman, Kaze Lexicon." Marilyn declared passionately, "Now and for the rest of eternity."

"Then follow these instructions, and it shall be." Kaze announced romantically, "We will swap parts of our souls as part of a contract, allowing me to bind this technique to you forever.

However, you must be careful with these contracts, as they will kill you if you break your vows. So keep it refined and simple, as we only need it to bind the technique."

"Okay." She said passionately, her face red with passion and desire.

***

"I, Marilyn Elenor Rhodes, declare that I will serve Kaze Maxwell Lexicon for life and shall never lay with another man so long as I live, even if we part forever." Marilyn declared, making Kaze's eyes widen in panic, "I will do whatever it takes within my emotional capacity to please him physically, emotionally, and sexually. And should he die, I wish to die with him."

Kaze had a raging desire to cup her mouth and yell at her for being a fool as she made a suicidal contract! If he didn't know how to correct it, she would die the following day at the latest!

However, he had warned her, and she made the vows anyway, so it would be wrong to lambast her resolve when he could fix it.

Kaze would never make such a contract with a woman unless she truly desired it.

It was a declaration of mistrust, stating that he didn't believe she'd be faithful unless she were under threat of death!

"You would go that far?" Kaze asked, watching an intricate golden seal bind to her chest, "Do you understand that if I hadn't gone second, you'd have died if you put yourself before me [once]?"

"You said you could prevent issues, so this is my first act of trust." Marilyn smiled strangely, gazing into his eyes, "I have put my life into your hands, trusting that you will protect me with your vows."

He gave her a wry smile, valuing her passion and resolve for him, but wishing to scold her for trusting him blindly. If trust were simple, there wouldn't be a need for Soul Contracts!

"I, Kaze Maxwell Lexicon, declare that I will seek to give Marilyn Elenor Rhodes a life that isn't lacking in pleasure." Kaze smiled, "I promise to take her with me, so long as she does what is required and it is possible with time and effort, and will only leave if I die, taking her with me is impossible, or she dies doing what is required to follow me."

Marilyn's eyes glittered when she heard his words, promising to take her with him forever.

While there were major qualifiers, like having no timeline, his message was also a promise to build her power so she could join them.

She was so happy knowing she would not be alone for eternity and that he desired to please her.

"Additionally, my physical, emotional, and sexual desires start and end with loyalty, faithfulness, and a desire to stay by my side." He smiled, removing her from danger, "Now, under our soul contract, I will bind my seal with the Longing Embrace technique to provide her pleasure so long as my soul stays within her."

Kaze closed his eyes and touched Marilyn's bare chest, transferring the same technique; however, the pattern was exponentially more complex, containing runes, making her eyes fill with wonder.

Her mind pulsed with energy when the circle and the golden runes were completed.

A waterfall of information and techniques poured into her mind, teaching her of his resolve.

While she couldn't understand specifics, she knew there were techniques for different scenarios and conditions to prevent the technique from triggering if it would endanger her life.

It also had nuanced techniques for emotional support, allowing her to feel human emotions without being numbed by pleasure or techniques.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Five millennia of experience with humans and emotions made up the technique binding he gave her, making her understand that he cared deeply for the women he had in his life prior.

Kaze gave her the information gently instead of overloading her mind. During that period, he embraced her on his lap for an hour as the techniques filled her mind.

Once it finished, she opened her eyes and looked at her chest, seeing his Soul Seal. It filled her heart with pride, knowing he made vows that declared she was his.

"Does this officially make me your woman?" Marilyn asked with slightly teary eyes.

"You've been my woman since you devoted yourself to me exclusively." Kaze replied hypnotically, "It is only official now. Now come, let me show you proof of my resolve."

"No, please let me first." She smiled charmingly, letting him wipe thin tears of joy from her cheeks.

The brunette shimmied backward, moving off his crotch, and laughed when she saw the area around his bulge soaking wet.

Marilyn forgot her embarrassment and reached down and unbuttoned his slacks, skillfully grabbing his zipper and pulling. She lifted her ass slightly, allowing her to pull, bringing his slacks and blue silk boxers passed his large bulge.

As soon as it was free, his flaccid penis became erect, as if by convenient magic. The brunette looked at it with desire pulsing through her heart as she stood, hovering above it in her heels.

When her body was aligned, she lowered herself onto the tip and pushed, feeling his cock push past her lips, entering her body. "Mmmn~anah~AhHhhhHhh~!"

After the emotion, desire, and longing she had experienced for the last two hours, feeling Kaze push inside her in stages made her chest and clit explode with desire and passion.

Spiritually connected. Emotionally connected. Connected with their souls.

Knowing she was his woman and could follow him for life made her sexual experience far beyond what she had experienced before.

"I love you, Kaze." Marilyn gasped as her ass reached his lap, opening her eyes and meeting his gaze, "I will serve you for life."

Kaze smiled genuinely, feeling the connection in their souls. "And I shall build you up, give you life and a future, and please you beyond your wildest beliefs."

"You've alllaaahhHHhhhhHREA~DeeE~!" She screamed as he closed his eyes, establishing a Spiritual Connection.

Their internal bodies embraced as before. However, this time Marilyn could see his Soul Seal on her heart, pulsing life through her soul body.

Moreover, with their souls bound, she could touch his soul directly, giving her abstract pleasure she couldn't explain.

"Now experience that which only a woman who has bound themself to me can experience." Kaze whispered hypnotically, grabbing her large ass and lifting it effortlessly.

When he dropped it—

"KaaAY~ZzhHZeeh~!" Marilyn screamed, whipping her hair back to the sky with her eyes closed tightly as her body hit his lap.

Touching down sent a pulse of Qi from his tip through her body, filling every inch of her body with pleasure before it hit her heart.

The seal activated at that moment, allowing her the Spiritual, Soul, and Yang Qi he released to unlock the door to her soul and then sexually please a part of her that should be untouchable.

"AhhHhhHhhHH~!" She screamed in pleasure, feeling waves of raw sensation flow through her.

Unlike before, the pleasure wasn't unbearable. It felt personal, ebbing to her desires within her control.

Marilyn lifted her body voluntarily, visualizing her soul body as she moved. Then she lowered it again, watching the seal on his soul body's heart flicker with energy.

She summoned the blueprint of Spiritual Connection he gave her a month ago and found something that she could use after her training and cultivation.

Kaze closed his eyes in pleasure and contentment as her body glowed pink, and she rocked, riding him with purpose and attempting to touch his soul. "That feels amazing."

The brunette blushed when she heard his words, but it only drove her forward, making her want to please him more. "I-I'm glahhHhh~deh. Let me con~tinnnue to express m-my de~sire~!"

"As you wish." He replied charmingly as she rocked forward, his cock pulsing in her body, filling her with pleasure, desire, and emotional fulfillment.

Kaze removed her shirt and bra, leaving her bare as she grabbed his shoulders, using her cultivator strength to allow her to move to his tip on every down stroke.

"D-Does this feel g-good?" Marilyn asked, trying not to moan as she asked.

"It feels amazing." He gasped with a charming voice, gripping her ass with every motion, "I look forward to experiencing this more often."

Her heart pulsed at his words, and she gripped his shoulders, picking up the pace.

She rode him to her heart's content, turning her soul body black and his white before—

"K-KaAYaaaHhhhHhhhHHhhhHHyyYYyzZzeEe~!" Marilyn screamed, trying to say his name through multiple orgasms touching her body and soul, "I-I LOVE YOU!"

"I love you, too, Marilyn." Kaze declared, releasing his Yang Qi in her body and unlocking part of her soul, filling her mind and body with a vibrant energy she had never imagined.