"KaaaaAAY~AzzZZehH~!" A woman screamed in pleasure, whipping her short brunette hair back as she puffed out her chest, showing off her lower C-cup breasts. "I can't st-stop cuUmmEEing~!"

"If stopping is what you seek, you need only slow your hips until they stop." Kaze replied hypnotically, watching the cheerleader bouncing on him passionately, "Though I'd recommend you don't stop completely."

"N-No...." Kylie stuttered, "D-Don't joke, aAhhHHh! Round.... H-How do you do this!? I'm riding [you], so how does it feel LYE~Kke th~is! C-Cultivation!?"

He closed his eyes in amusement and felt his cock in her body. Kaze flexed it abruptly during a downward motion, flicking it against her clitoris.

"AYEiiieh!" She squeaked, crashing chest first into his body.

"Subtle motions make the difference so long as you're listening." Kaze whispered in her ear, sliding his fingers down her sides until he grabbed her small bubble butt in his hands. She shuddered when she felt his hands wrapping around her.

"Yes, please." Kylie whispered back mindlessly.

"Sex is like music." He asserted with a charming tone, "And an orgasm is a scale. You should never be off key."

"I like music." She smiled, half-brain-dead and victorious.

"Hoh?" Kaze mused with a playful smile, "What type of orgasm would you like to hear come out of your mouth?"

"Deep." Kylie sighed with a wide smile, "Profound. Slow, but feeling like it's stealing your soOOohuUuhhHHhLL~!"

Her eyes rolled to the back of her skull when he lifted her ass at a certain angle and thrust down slowly, instantly giving her what she requested as if he had it on standby.

"Keh-Kek-KaAYHhhhZeeZZzzE~!" The brunette screamed in rapture, experiencing multiple orgasms as he lifted and lowered her body.

Kylie stopped moving, letting him take over, lifting and lowering her. Every time he did, she felt a wave of orgasms ripple through her body like he was playing her like an accordion. "HOW~!? You're n-not even CULTivaAY~Ting~!"

Every time his cock slid into her pussy, she felt like she was going down a pleasure slide of ecstasy.

-

Marilyn walked down the hall in a black suit and heels, classy as always. When she heard her cosmic orgasm playing out in the room, she took a sharp breath.

While Evalyn may feel slight jealousy, a kaleidoscope of memories of their last sexual experience played out in her head over and over again.

The brunette closed her eyes, trying to control herself. However, the rolling orgasms were ceaseless, primal, and lacking pause. Not a single stroke or motion didn't add to it, foregoing any break.

Her heart pounded, and she looked down the hall.

Unlike the lavish Exclusive, the central mansion, increasingly referred to as [The Palace], was a residential mansion. So, contrary to expectations, Kaze's room was the size of an apartment living room, and five near-equally-sized rooms were in the right corridor.

On the left back side was Crux's room, which she rarely used. The one to the right was Kaze's private study. As for the one on the left, it was an unoccupied guest bedroom.

Marilyn looked at the door to the room with a strained expression, her heart pulsing. "Kaze, I'm entering the room next to yours."

-

"KaAYHhhhHhhHHhhhHhhaAYZzzZeeZZzzE~!" Kylie shrieked [off-key] in ecstasy, letting her breasts bounce up and down without a second thought.

-

The ex-flight attendant got her answer and confidently moved to the room without further deliberation.

She carefully opened the door, listening to the rhymic orgasms as she walked inside.

There was a near-identical poster bed on the wall facing the master bedroom, patiently calling to her.

Marilyn looked at the bed as if it were salvation, kicking off her heels and walking to the bed with a thumping heart. She couldn't take it.

She lay down on the bed, nearly hyperventilating from the sexual pressure.

-

"KayYZeE!~" Kylie squeaked, feeling his hard cock ram in her pussy, provoking her soul, "W-What cAh~nN I do for y-you?

TELL ME, KAY~yzZe~! A-Anything! I'll do ANyThing!"

Kaze smiled mischievously and pulled her body down to his, opening his mouth, putting the tip of her ear in his mouth, and sucking.

"KaaaaAAY~AzzZZehH~!" The brunette shrieked, overpowered by the acting, "U-USE ME, KAZE! Do what you WANT with MiiEE~!"

-

Marilyn's eyes rolled to the back of her head when she touched her thigh. She was so wet that she couldn't handle it. "No... I can't....."

It took everything in her power not to ask Kaze's power to please her. If she did that, she'd be screaming in pleasure alongside Kylie!

She was lying on the bed with her white shirt half-unbuttoned, exposing a white lace bra. Her skirt was hiked up, exposing her matching full-backed lace panties, soaking.

Marilyn was inching toward her pussy, trying her best not to scream in pleasure.

The brunette took a deep breath and bit her lip hard, allowing her to make it past the pleasure as she moved her right hand to the top of her panties and inserted them.

-

"USE ME, KAZE!" Kylie screamed, "Bite me, pierce me, lick me, pull my hair, abuse me, neglect me, scream at me, scratch me, rail me, cum in my hair, make me swallow, drop me to my knees, bend me over, make demands, give it to me gentle, torture me, propose, do whatever you want, just USE~ME!"

-

Marilyn moved her finger down her hips until she reached her lips, pressing slightly.

"MmmnNnnhHn~!" The brunette moaned, twisting her body back and forth, trying to keep her moaning down, "Kaze...."

After gaining her sanity and biting her lip, she pressed down again, pressing the pad of her ring finger against her clitoris. "AH~!"

Marilyn shot out her hand in frustration, grabbed a blue pillow from the bed, and smashed it against her face as she suppressed it again. "AhHHhhHh~!"

-

Kaze closed his eyes and listened to Marilyn with a warm smile, imagining her pleasing herself. He enjoyed the thought as much as he enjoyed Kylie bouncing on him.

He loved nothing more than seeing women in the throughs of pleasure, and the woman riding him was eight layers deep in the depths of lunacy.

Kylie licked her fingers slowly to preoccupy her body as he lifted and dropped her body, controlling her mind completely.

Nothing mattered to her.

The brunette was lost in a pleasure wonderland, experiencing an enlightenment of sorts.

In her state, she would do anything and everything for Kaze Lexicon--and love it.

No shame.

No hesitation.

Anything.

Kylie looked at him with the freakiest expression. She would do anything for him and wanted him to do [everything] to her.

The last time they had sex, she wanted to dom and feel like she was in control. However, she learned, much like Evalyn, she didn't know what she wanted.

Now that she had tasted what it was like to be a sub with someone who knew how to make a woman scream with pleasure, she was begging for it.

"P-PLeeAeeasE~Eh~" Kylie cried wildly, mouth open and leaning back, "SHOCK ME~! T-Twist my MiiEYnDeh~"

-

Marilyn lifted the pillow and took a deep breath. She hadn't breathed in almost a minute, holding back her pleasure.

The sheets were as wet as her thighs, and her bra straps slid off her shoulders while rocking, allowing her to pull the cups down and expose her sensitive nipples. "MmNmn~ahhHH~"

Her chest rose and fell during the experience, feeling unbelievably intense.

The brunette was shocked that she could feel so much pleasure without Kaze. However, she also knew that the pleasure she felt was driven by her memories, remembering her experiences with him.

She stayed with Kaze the night before, and he made her feel like a woman for six hours straight. It was hard to think about anything else since.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

-

"Are you sure you want me to [shock] you?" Kaze challenged, "I can do so with innumerable methods, but be careful of what you wish for."

"K-KayY~Ze~" Kylie gasped, pulling her index finger out of her mouth, "PLeeeaAseE~I... I-I'm b-begging You to Use... me.... I-I NEED it a-and my mind cAN'T HANDLE HALF-ASSED USIiiiIIEEEing~!"

"If that is what you wish, then so it shall be." He replied charmingly, touching her abdomen.

"T-THay~Nk Yo--" Her expression melted when she felt the Qi flow into her body, making all her muscles relax. While it was the opposite of [shocking], she enjoyed the feeling.

Kaze smiled at her pleasure-filled expression lifting her body as usual but higher than before.

Kylie enjoyed the feeling of him lifting her slowly, letting him control her. While they had been in that position for fifteen minutes, he kept lifting until he was out of her body completely. "W-Wait... why?"

The brunette felt her stomach drop when he left her body without a final climax. While he was only out of her body for a moment, it felt like an eternity.

So she was relieved to feel her body go back down. However, things didn't go as expected, and her eyes couldn't get wider when he reentered her body.

"KaAYHhhhHhhHHhhhHhhaAYZzzZeeZZzzE~!" Kylie screamed, closing her eyes as tightly as she moved to his lap.