[Reminder: If you don't read it, it didn't happen. If you don't know what's going down, reread the concluding lines of the last chapter. If you still don't know--how strange. Feel free to stick around and say: oh... ;) Enjoy, everyone!]

-

Kylie was sexually pleased beyond expression and wanted to give back to Kaze however she could but lacked the necessary skill.

However, she became obsessed with the idea of him using her for his desires without concern for her. It simultaneously filled her with a twisted sense of pleasure and made her feel like a giver.

It was a perfect fantasy.

As a result, in the five minutes leading to the present, Kylie had asked Kaze to do just about everything she could think of to her. Good, bad, twisted, illegal, and taboo.

Her obsession became unbearable as she rode him, feeling him enter her body repeatedly at the perfect angle to play her pleasure channels like piano chords.

Between the pleasure and her mental state, she forgot above giving and begged him to fulfill her fantasy. It was unbearable, so she felt her heart sink when he pulled out of her body.

However, her eyes lit up in relief a moment later when she felt his tip touch her body. However, things didn't go as expected.

Before Kylie could question what was happening or back out, he slid his entire ten-inch cock up her ass in one motion. "KaAYHhhhHhhHHhhhHhhaAYZzzZeeZZzzE~!"

The ass is a muscle, so the pain of anal sex primarily comes from pushing a penis in when the consenting person is subconsciously yet passionately flexing their ass to keep it out!

Kaze's technique relaxed all the muscles in her lower body to remove that problem, then casually slid his cock into her ass as if it were only natural.

Kylie had never.

Never.

Never felt ANYTHING like having a large rod rammed into her ass out of the blue.

Shocked?

Yeah, she was shocked.

One could confidently say that Kaze followed her instructions masterfully, hitting a double bullseye, getting a triple ten, and taking home gold.

Did she like it? Well--

"WhHahaaaAAhhHhaaAAHHHhhHHhhHaaahhatTtt IS ThisSs~!" Kylie screamed, her eyes snapping open and closed as Kaze lifted her and down on his shaft.

--she had no idea.

-

Marilyn's eyes shot open in confusion, wondering how Kylie's wonderful melodic moaning from the orgasms turned into a shrill pterodactyl screech.

She also couldn't figure out whether the woman was enjoying it either!

It sounded... uncomfortable.

Clearly, whatever Kaze was doing to her was not the pleasurable experience she expected. Moreover--

-

"STooOOoahHHhhhHHPEH~!" Kylie screeched, "NoOOoooOhHHh! PLEASE DON'T! I M-MEAN, DooOOhhHHhnnNNN'T ST-STOooHHhP, I MEAN, AHHhhHHHhhHHIEEYYeeEh~!"

-

--the brunette was begging up a symphony to persuade him to stop but screaming in panic for him not to stop after each one.

Ask to stop. Ram. Squeal. Beg to continue. Repeat.

Marilyn couldn't understand why Kaze was so adamant that she created a safe word during each session until that moment. Now it was all she could think about!

-

"KaAYAHhhhHhhHHHhhhHHHhhhHHh~!" Kylie screamed as he lifted her legs and spun her around like a top.

When she was in a reverse cowgirl position, he rolled her to the side, putting her on her hands and knees.

The brunette's shaky arms gave out when she touched the bed and collapsed face-first into the mattress pillow, giving up on life and surrendering to her fate, whatever it may be.

-

Marilyn's heart pounded, listening to the strange submission and acceptance from the other room. "What... is he doing to her?"

Whatever he was doing was clearly not [bad], and the lewd and twisted begging brunette wasn't complaining. It seemed more like she was at the gym, strained but satisfied.

The mystery made Marilyn want to know. A moment later, she got her answer--

-

Kaze ran his fingers down the brunette's back playfully, mounted on her, swiveling to maximize the mind-bending sensation without thrusting. "I expect you've been plenty shocked, yes? Do you wish to continue?"

"JuHST RaMMmeh IT in MY AHHhhhHSSsssssSSSssSSss, KAaaaZZzeEh~!" Kylie screamed into the pillow, "D-DON'T HOooOOOLD BAHhhhCCK~"

"Your wish is my command." He grinned, pulling back nine inches to the tip, making her eyes widen in horror.

"W-WH-WHAYYIEEeeHhhhHHHhHHHhhHHhhHHHHIEEAHT~!" She screeched when he didn't hold back, ramming his cock in her ass--as requested.

-

Marilyn's eyes widened, getting her answer. He abruptly switched to anal sex!

The brunette couldn't even imagine! She refused anal sex entirely for the same reason that most people did--she didn't want to have something shoved up her tiny asshole, least of all a ten-inch throbbing anaconda that swallowed people's sanity!

However--

"Even~that." Marilyn said sharply, using her left hand to reach within white-lace bra cups and grabbing her nipples, "He makes me even want that...."

She bit her lip in confusion, listening to the brunette thrashing around like a wild animal, screaming esoteric demands between moans. "I wish that was--"

-

Kaze's eyes lit up in delight when he felt his technique activating next door. So he nearly pulled his thick rod out of her ass and--

"KaAYHhhhHhhHHhhhHhhaAYZzzZeeZZzzE~!" Kylie abruptly screamed in overwhelming pleasure.

--rammed it back in without mercy.

-

Marilyn's eyes widened in shock when she accidentally wished for Kaze to please her, and Soul Qi shot from her heart to her ass, activating all her pleasure channels simultaneously. "KaAYHhhhZeeZZzzE~!"

-

Kaze smiled in satisfaction, listening to them both scream his name from anal pleasure in sync.

Marilyn shoved the pillow on her face and rolled over, arching her ass, offering it to the open air. "KaAYAHhhhHhhHHHhhhHHHhhhHHh~!"

While her voice was heavily muffled, she was still loud and clear in Kaze's room. However, the brunette barely heard the woman because--

"Fuh~CK m-m-my AHHhhhHSSsssssSSSssSSss~!" Kylie screamed, feeling him pounding her mercilessly, "KaAYHhhhZeeZZzzE~!"

--she was moaning loudly and lacked the capacity to care about anything but the baton in her ass.

Kaze smiled, listening to the two like beautiful melodies, matching their tempo in a duel. "It seems that Marilyn is concerned about being loud; pity."

[Longing Embrace] connected to the thoughts and desires of the woman he attached it to. As his partner and assistant tried to keep it down, the technique made quick work of her body and sanity.

-

"K-KaZZehHHh~" Marilyn screamed into the pillow, "F-Finish me, K-KazZee...."

-

"As you wish, love." Kaze whispered, closing his eyes and envisioning Kylie's soul body, pure black, for almost an hour. His body radiated a blue light and hers pink, dancing together, "You wished to be shocked, yes? Well, the greatest shock has yet to come~."

Kylie's body was melting with his soul, making her feel comfortable pleasure. However, on his statement, her eyes shot open.

The idea that there would be something more shocking than what she experienced was a gruesome thought! However--

"OH, FUCK~YES!" She screamed in a deep voice, multiple octaves lower than normal, "GIVE IT TO ME, RAW!"

"I would never give a woman a less-than-pure experience." Kaze declared with a grin, pulling his body back as Yang Qi circulated.

The world stood still for both women as [Longing Embrace] awaited Kylie to scream to finish off Marilyn, and the former was preparing to destroy her vocal cords.

"FUuuUUUuhhhHhhhHHUUCKKkkKKkK MEEIIIeEEE~!" Kylie screamed when she went zero to sixty toward a full climax instantly, sending Yang Qi flowing through her body.

"TAYehHhhEehHHhheEHMmMME MEeeH~" Marilyn screamed in overwhelming pleasure, rolling on the soaking wet bed.

After thirty seconds of overwhelming screeching and howling by both women, Kaze came like a gushing river in Kylie's ass, and both women both climaxed--badly.

Not like women with Stage 4 hypothermia.

Like dying horses.

Both hit the bed, convulsing and twitching as they seized, legs spasming despite their limp and lifeless upper bodies.

They looked like Kaze stabbed an ice pick into their medulla oblongatas, and their automatic movement function went haywire, making them flop around.

The foam pouring out of their mouth was also indicative of arsenic poisoning.

No matter how someone looked at it, the scene was pretty damning. If Marilyn and Kylie weren't moaning in ecstasy, muttering sweet nothings into the abyss, a casual observer was liable to accuse Kaze of foul play--and get murdered for real.

Kaze smiled, looking at Kylie's sweaty body, slowly pulling his dick out of her ass and playfully smacking her right cheek with a golden glowing hand.

"Not... all the way..." Kylie begged, taking a deep breath as the internal tearing healed, "I want to walk but would like slight discomfort to remember this... for as long as possible... ideally life...."

He nodded, and his left hand glowed red.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Smack!

"GuhHhhh~" She moaned, feeling the healing slightly reverse after he slapped her left ass cheek, "Thank you...."

"It was my pleasure." Kaze smiled, overlooking her body in satisfaction.

"I wish that... this could last forever...." Kylie moaned.

"Surely you wouldn't like that." He chuckled in amusement, laying on his back beside her.

"No... us...." She smiled with a crazed face, "I wish I were more than just another booty call to you."

Kaze turned to her with earnest green eyes. "Then devote yourself to me forever, and you will rarely want for anything."

Kylie's eyes trembled when she heard his words and saw his honest gaze. "Are you being serious?"

"So long as you accept a selfish man who refuses to bind himself to monogamy but asks it of his women--for life--then yes." He said with a charming smile, "I'm being serious."

Her eyes widened, and she burst into giggles. "You're shameless."

"That I am." Kaze confirmed magnetically, "Do you disapprove?"

"Of course I do!" Kylie giggled playfully, "But if that's all I have to deal with to have a life of overwhelming pleasure, power, and charm, I think I can handle it. If you're serious, I accept."

He touched her chin gently and moved his lips toward hers romantically--

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

"Hey, Floozy Whisperer!" A sharp female voice snapped from the other side of his door, "It only takes a hand motion to silence an alarm clock. So did you need to wake Immortal Skye on full blast and not hit the snooze button once!?"

--

[A/N: Fashionably late--ahem! The upcoming bonus chapter is courtesy of Summoning Pen Man! Cue superhero music.

Unless it's multiple people, in which case, the chapter is dropping courtesy of the Pen Summoning Cult! Cue self-lighting candles.

Well, it's likely Summoning Pen and his Pen Summoning Cultists. I've noticed small increases, in addition to the pens going up by 120 abruptly and then 100+ again a couple of days later. So I'm going with 95% from the same person (or two people), but other awesome people joined the fun.

Look, everyone. Little things like that make my day, and I smile whenever I see the pens increase. It makes me feel good knowing people are excited.

So thank you. While I'm not resetting the pen count, please note that I keep track of them and am receptive to people's excitement. Thank you, everyone!]