"Hello, Emperor!" A man with a long, brown, shoulder-length ponytail announced with a bright smile, "We have excitedly awaited your presence."

Kaze met the man's smile with one of his own. "It's a pleasure to be here, Mr. Rimer."

It was 9:30 am, and the emperor had just finished discussing the preparations for the Immortal Skye faction. Now he was at Mark Rimer's luxurious estate, meeting the real estate magnate paying him $120,000,000 for his services.

"It seems it's mutual." Mark said with a wide grin.

The emperor nodded and looked at the man's wife. She was a blonde model around thirty, wearing red lipstick and a black dress.

Her aura gave off a lovely charm, and her enthusiasm to begin was obvious.

Seeing Kaze glance at his wife, the man frowned. "Oh, and this is Tanya. She's out of her prime, but I'm sure she can satisfy your dual cultivation."

Kaze's eyebrow twitched when he heard the man's ambivalence towards his wife. She shrugged her shoulders to indicate she was used to being dismissed.

"My dual cultivation will be mutually beneficial for all. I look forward to increasing both of your strength." He said in a composed voice.

"Yes, yes. Well then, shall we get started?" Mark asked with a bright smile.

"Of course. Please show me your forehead." Kaze requested.

The man complied, and the emperor touched his forehead, transferring a technique through the man's head.

Mark couldn't grin further as the profound information filled his mental sphere.

It made Kaze grin internally. He transferred a technique beneficial for short-term cultivation but crippled later growth and development. The man's ambivalence toward his wife left him discontented, but he'd still follow through.

"I take it that the technique is to your liking, Mr. Rimer?" Kaze asked.

"I-It's perfect, Emperor." Mark replied ecstatically, "I will begin with it at once. Tanya, please take the Emperor to our guest bedroom inside and try your hardest to please him."

"Of course." She replied tersely. She turned to the emperor and motioned her head toward the front door.

Kaze strode into the home with her, walking down two flights of stairs to a room in the back.

It was a simplistic room with expensive but bland leather furniture. The bed had gaudy dark green comforters and floral sheets. It felt absurdly unceremonious for the extravagant home.

Additionally, no guards were posted outside the room. They stood around Mark as he cultivated his technique outside in the grass.

The man's ambivalence toward his wife was unprecedented in the emperor's eyes.

"I apologize for my husband's disregard of your techniques." Tanya said softly.

"My techniques." Kaze laugh-scoffed, "I'm disappointed how he treats a lady of your caliber."

Tanya gave him a wry smile. "Don't worry. While Mark's rude to me, he's kind to others. He also has a point; I am out of my prime."

"Nonsense." Kaze scoffed in disbelief, "You are still a flower at this age, and I shall water you to give you the vitality you deserve."

Her eyes widened in shock. "W-Water me?"

Kaze gave her a slight smile. "Wait until you leave this room. You'll not only shine like a blossom but you'll look far more lively than you have for years."

He stepped forward and embraced her face, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. She melted into him, allowing herself to feel the passion of a man for the first time in years.

The emperor guided her to the bed, laying her down and kneeling between her legs.

"But first, I shall give you the full attention deprived of you for so long." Kaze said in a charming voice while pulling her red panties off underneath her slender black dress.

"Emperor, please take me without your techniques." She pleaded, "Just once before we begin."

"Lady Rimer," Kaze said charmingly, "I have three hours before I must leave this estate and need but three minutes to fulfill my obligations. Until then, I'm at your full service."

"W-Wha—ahhhhhhh~!" Tanya screamed in pleasure as Kaze's tongue rolled over her clitoris

"I-I thought you agreed not to use your powers at first." She stuttered in a long gasp.

"What? Do you think that Qi makes me good at sex?" Kaze laugh-scoffed in disbelief, "Does being beautiful make you a model?"

"No it's just—ahhhhhhhhhhh~!" Tanya moaned while running her fingers through the emperor's short, well-groomed haircut.

"—I've never had an orgasm, so I'm confused how you're bringing me so much pleasure."

Kaze's eyes widened in disbelief. "How inhumane is the Mortal Plane?"

"The mortal whaaaaaaaahhhh~!?" She screamed as Kaze reached under her thighs, grabbed her ass, and continued.

"W-Whaaaaat i-is this!?" Tanya screeched in pleasure as he skillfully matched her gasps to determine the exact spots that made her tick.

She arched her back on the bed, attempting to roll over, but Kaze held her lower back, preventing her from escaping the rolling orgasms she was having.

Tanya grabbed his hair and pulled him closer, unable to resist. Everything was happening so fast; he had only started twenty seconds ago.

Five seconds later, she came, squirting everywhere.

Kaze licked it from her legs, closed his eyes, and cultivated the Qi from it.

"H-How?" Tanya stuttered, "I've never had an orgasm before, yet you made me have three in less than a minute. I cannot understand how this is natural."

The emperor grinned while his eyes were closed, carefully extracting the full amount of Yin Qi from her cum.

"Hoh? You don't believe me?" Kaze mused, "Would you like to know what Qi can do?"

"Yes...." She trembled, "But I'm so sensitive."

Kaze smiled. "Then we must water this body and revitalize it."

"Please, Emperor. I cannot see how accepting your cum will change this sensitivity." Tanya cried in pleading desperation.

"No, no. Lady Rimer." He chuckled, "I will use Qi to water your cells and reverse them to an earlier state and heal any muscle loss from aging in your face."

"You're… what?" The blonde asked in disbelief as he climbed on top of her body.

"I'm going to remove the three years of aging from your body." Kaze said with a charming smile.

"The Qi here is far too weak to use this technique beyond your face and breasts, but I can do at least that much."

"I don't believe it." Tanya whispered.

"Then I'll make you believe it," Kaze replied in a charming tone while stroking the back of his knuckles on the back of her cheek.

A golden light traced his movements, and her eyes widened involuntarily as her slightly drooping eyelids' muscles healed and tightened.

Her cheeks became revitalized, and small wrinkles hidden by her masterful makeup disappeared instantly.

"How are you making me feel young again?" Tanya whispered as his hand moved down her chest, tightening the skin. "I don't—mmmhn~"

Kaze glided his hands over her breasts, making them perkier and firmer as he rolled his fingers over the top of her chest. She was still wearing her black dress, but it didn't matter.

"You are young." He said with a slight smile, "Your body just hasn't been nourished in years. So I'm using a technique to restore your cells and muscles to a previous state, and then revitalizing them."

He used Paradox of Healing, a general healing technique that also housed profound capabilities.

It was called [paradox] because it [could] heal by reverting the body to a previous state using the spiritual record as a blueprint and transposing it to the present. Thus, the past and the present could thus exist simultaneously. (1)

There were limitations to the rewinding techniques, namely that twisting back time required substantial Qi and removed growth someone obtained.

It also restored impurities, reverted body tempering gains, and required the user to heal the victim's body to adapt to the new changes.

Its primary usage was restoring limbs directly after loss. Anything beyond that was dangerous for [cultivators].

However, Kaze only used the technique to rewind the cells in her muscles back to their state a few years ago. Thus, it healed her body back to when it was stronger, not weaker.

"I-I didn't understand." Tanya whispered.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"And you don't need to. Hush now; the fun has just begun." Kaze instructed, "Now let's build your Qi channels, so you stop aging for a century."

"D-Did you just say stop aging for a—ahhhhHHHHHH~!" She screamed in extreme pleasure as he channeled Qi into his fingertips, touching all of her breasts' pleasure channels.

"Will you let me water you in another way that will bring out a new potential?" He asked while gliding his fingers down her chest to her thighs.

"My body is yours. Undress me, use me, anything else you desire." Tanya begged, "To have pleasure like this with such rewards deserves payment I could never give."

Kaze laughed breathlessly. "Your time is invaluable beyond measure. Now let me show you I mean it."

He unbuckled his pants and prepared for cultivation.

Two hours later, the two emerged from the room, greeting Mark and his guards. The man opened his eyes from deep cultivation to greet him but froze instead.

His wife looked more beautiful than when they met her two years ago!

"H-How did you become so beautiful?" Mark stuttered.

Kaze gave him a slight smile. "Your wife was always beautiful. I just restored her luster when we cultivated."

"I-I see." The man replied while standing up to face his wife.

"Hello, Mark. Do you like what you see?" Tanya giggled. As instructed, she playfully flirted with Mark seductively. The emperor didn't want her to be cold before the review process.

"Y-Yes." Mark replied in excitement.

"I'm glad. Please transfer the payment now, and we'll set you up with techniques and create the review video." Kaze requested.

"Right away, Emperor." The man replied with shaky hands. He immediately called his financial manager, and they took care of the payment.

During that period, Tanya snuck glances at Kaze with lust and longing in her eyes. She couldn't believe how much he had changed her life in such a short time.

Kaze gave her a charming smile and then continued creating a testimonial that befitted his power.

—

[A/N: Once again, shout out to DeternityDude and GoldenStick69 for the humorous yandere reviews. I'll be giving bonus chapters for every review up to chapter 50.

I already have the drafts, so you can expect them within a day of posting, an hour if I'm awake. Thank you for reading! :)]