Kiera aggressively grabbed Kaze's neck and awkwardly smashed her lips onto his.

He caught them skillfully, prying them open fluidly with his lips and pushing his tongue into her mouth.

Her eyes snapped open in surprise. However, when she felt how heavenly it felt, she melted and tried to keep pace with his guidance.

"Kaze...." Kiera gasped sharply, pulling away to breathe, "I want to be your woman. Officially."

"Commit yourself to me exclusively forever, and so it shall be." Kaze replied magnetically, "When you can fight safely, I will keep you by my side in times of danger and peace. I will never leave you."

Kiera's heart exploded, and she hugged him tightly, pressing her sports bra-covered breasts against his chest. "I'm yours, only yours, forever."

"Then you are my woman." He smiled, lifting her chin gently and kissing her.

The firey teen didn't think her emotions and sensory feelings could get more positive, pressing her body against him, feeling his tongue in her mouth. However, a thought flashed across her mind, and she pulled back in overwhelming anxiety.

"If I'm your woman...." Kiera whispered with trembling eyes, "That means... we should... you know... have... Gah! Sex...."

She hid her eyes with her right hand, cringing at her embarrassing response.

"Why [should] we have sex?" Kaze mused, suppressing a desire to scoff.

He didn't have sex with anyone that didn't want to have sex with him at the exact moment sex was on the table. The general concept extended to all situations and philosophies, regardless of their context.

"You know, because...." Kiera swallowed nervously, "I'm just [one]... of your partners... and the others... please you."

"Sex is many things, Kiera." He laughed breathlessly, "A source of pleasure. An emotional expression. A respite for stress, and a faucet for relief.

It augments emotions and bonds lovers, providing fulfillment, desire, and purpose. It is often beneficial in miraculous ways."

Her eyes trembled under his assertive gaze, listening to his viewpoints in a trance.

"However, it is not, nor has it ever been, a requirement for a relationship." Kaze asserted bluntly, "Otherwise, I wouldn't spend every other night having platonic sleepovers, yes?"

Kiera's eyes glittered, but she looked down with a wry smile a moment later. "That's true, but maybe... if I were to please you well enough, you'd spend [all] your love on me... and Evalyn."

The fiery teen did not have delusions regarding his first partner. She knew that Kaze would murder anyone that harmed the Ice Phoenix--including her if necessary.

Evalyn Meadow Skye was non-negotiable.

Kiera London Snow hated that.

"Kiera, neither you nor Evalyn can change my ways." Kaze sighed, hearing her argument, "I'm five thousand years old, having lived a life reflecting the present for most of it.

However, it has worked out for [us], has it not?"

Kiera's face flushed red to the tip of her ears, and she squirmed to get away, but he grabbed her waist and pulled her back to him. "UphuHhh~"

The impact made her grunt slightly, but her thigh went over his. As a result, she accidentally touched her clit against his leg, making her moan.

Kiera covered her mouth with both hands in embarrassment. "I don't know what animal that sound belonged to, but it sounds angry. You should probably get dressed, go outside, and kill it, kay?"

Kaze smiled and brushed her hands away, looking into her mortified eyes. "You have a lot of pent-up sexual energy. You're my woman now; if you seek release, you shouldn't be ashamed to ask."

A hurricane of emotions, desires, and anxieties crashed into her simultaneously.

"Won't you think I'm a hoe if I made a scene about you sleeping with people other than Evalyn and then put out same day?" Kiera asked, averting her gaze, "I don't want you to see me as a thirsty garden gadget...."

Unlike the shockingly sane Marilyn, the fiery teen's obsession with Kaze didn't mean she'd do anything he wanted. It meant that she'd do anything she thought he needed.

If Kiera were his partner, being a [hoe] would damage his reputation and their overall happiness. She wouldn't do that--that was the difference.

Kaze put his finger over her lips and shook his head. "Everyone knows you're my woman; it was that way long before now, and now it's official. Your words today won't change that."

Kiera swallowed nervously and took a sharp breath, facing sex for the first time and nearing acceptance. "Kaze... [do you] want... to have sex?"

He studied her nuanced expressions for a moment to confirm her statement.

"Of course I do." Kaze chuckled charmingly, "Why wouldn't I want to please someone I love to the extent they deserve?"

Her mind felt jolts of electricity pass through it, making her shiver.

Kiera was about to lose her virginity. Just the thought sent icy chills of electricity crawling down her spine, leaving her near-paralyzed.

As she got carried away in the powerful anxiety, she closed her eyes and thought about the same thing over and over and over again.

It was something simple--yet powerful.

A mantra.

The first thing Kiera thought after she woke up and the last she thought before bed.

-

[Face the world for Kaze, for his life has purpose and mine has Kaze.]

-

Kiera formed the statement from his advice: if she needed something to live for--live for him.

Since then, she had developed immeasurable confidence to do anything and overcome most anxiety. It gave her salvation when she needed it most.

"Okay... will it hurt?" She asked nervously, gaining confidence.

"I won't let anything hurt you." Kaze smiled charmingly, making her blush and triggering mania, rapidly imagining their entire life together as he protected her.

Their relationship-related psychosis was lost on both of them, perfectly showcasing the reason that he and Isabella had fallen in love nearly two millennia before.

"Then I'm yours." Kiera swallowed nervously, "I... don't know what to do. So just... take it away."

Kaze smiled at her pun, reflected by her tone that said [let's get started]. He was ceaselessly impressed by her mind, constantly thinking and twisting the world, even under pressure.

He lifted her chin, letting her close her eyes again before connecting their lips.

The pink and black-haired slang riddler shivered in ecstasy, letting her anxiety melt away in the breathtaking sensations she was experiencing.

Kaze wrapped his hands around her waist and moved them into her silk pajamas, marking the first time they had ever had intimate contact.

Kiera gasped and opened her eyes, feeling a lancing fear pulse through her body as he touched her lower back. However, she closed her eyes after he slowed down and felt his body against hers.

His fingers traced against her bare skin, giving her profound sensations.

Kaze was touching her.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Kaze was kissing her.

She was Kaze's woman.

The concept melded with his touch, and soon her body became comfortable with him, making her more aggressive with kissing.

With the green light, he traced up her spine, letting his wrists lift her pajama shirt as he moved.

While it was a button-up shirt, he let her experience being exposed before unbuttoning her shirt.

Kiera was grateful for that, as feeling the shirt go up her midriff was nerve-racking. However, she felt comfortable because he was being so gentle.

She took a deep breath, feeling his fingers reach the back strap of her sports bra.

Kaze was officially touching her body, kissing her passionately, and moving to take her virginity.

And she would let him.

Kiera pulled away from his mouth and blushed, averting her gaze. "Hold on for a moment...."

Kaze pulled away, as requested, and watched her shyly unbutton the pink mulberry silk pajama t-shirt slowly.

"Don't watch; it's embarrassing." Kiera said bashfully, bright red and nervous as she worked on the fourth button, exposing her cleavage.

"As you wish." Kaze replied with a hypnotic charm, turning.

"Well...!" She squeaked awkwardly, turning redder, "You can glance a little, but not too much."

Kaze's obsession with explicit consent made him want to scoff and say, [what the hell does that mean, woman?]. However, he knew what she wanted--for him to be excited but not stare.

"As you wish." He replied magnetically, glancing at her chest as she unbuttoned the fifth button, exposing her perfectly-filled white sports bra with black accents, and then turned away with a smile.

The charming action made her feel a rush of emotions as she continued moving down the line, exposing her rib cage and finally opening the shirt to the open air.

Kiera felt bare, exposed, and vulnerable. However, she repeated her mantra as she pulled the shirt off her shoulders, pulling out each arm. "I'm ready, Kaze... just... be gentle."

Kaze turned to the beautiful teen with positive anxiety trembling in her golden hazel eyes. Her body was petite yet refined, having C-cup breasts in a cute, white athletic sports bra he bought her.

Her divine physique was toned, leading to a perfect groove down the middle of her symmetrical stomach to her belly button above her pink silk pajama pants.

"I wouldn't treat such a body with anything less than absolute care." Kaze said, grabbing her hands and slowly gliding him under his shirt.