--13 Minutes Prior | The Exclusive--

Kaze stood before eighteen Immortals inside a training room in the Exclusive, the mansion housing courses and private training for elites.

Fourteen were female, but four men, including the calm, blonde-haired athlete Brad Hall, were present.

The room looked like a yoga class or dance room space. It had wood floors and a wall of seven-foot mirrors lining one wall.

"Let's start with practice; I'll allow everyone to play with this." Kaze announced, pulling out a piece of white chalk and closing his eyes.

The chalk developed golden characters and patterns, binding a cultivation technique to its surface in real time.

"Wow... that looks godly."

"Right, I feel awed just looking at it."

Then his hand radiated blue light, turning the chalk a bluish color.

"If you're shy or sensitive, be careful not to touch it too long, lest you wish to make a scene." Kaze warned, holding it up.

"Wait, it's beautiful, but are you saying that's supposed to please us?" Mary Remarts, the blonde cheerleader from the Underground Bizarre Placement Auction, said, "It's so tiny!"

It was tiny--because it was a stick of chalk!

"The Emperor doesn't need something big to please women!" A brown-haired athlete asserted grandly, causing most to burst into laughter.

"Cor~rect, Sam." Kaze smiled mischievously, deciding to mess with the Immortals listening behind the door, "While size is generally preferable, there are infinite skills a person can obtain to outshine individuals.

Hopefully, this will open your eyes to the nature of pleasure. Mary, if you will."

"Ummm... okay...." Mary said, hesitantly reaching out to grab the chalk, "Just touch--AhhHH~!"

When she touched it, it glowed an ambient blue color as it shot energy through her hand.

"No way!" A brunette gasped, seeing the blonde shivering in pleasure.

"As you can see, it's not very long, but with the right technique...." Kaze smiled cheekily, enjoying the response outside, "It has profound effects."

Everyone watched Mary gasping with deep breaths, gleefully playing with the chalk and brushing it against her arms, resisting the urge to touch it against embarrassing places.

They chatted excitedly, prying it from her hands and playing with it.

"Gahhh~ I don't even need cultivation, I~just~want to touch this at all times~" A brunette said.

"Right, Layla? It makes me feel like a woman on contact." Another added.

"Leave it to the Emperor to leave the women satisfied with something so little." Brad laughed.

Most giggled or chuckled slightly, waiting for their turn.

"Emperor, can I put it in my mouth?" A blonde asked curiously, "Just to try it?"

"Whoa, Beatrice!" Mary snapped, blushing, "Are you seriously being that shameless right now?"

"Shameless?" Beatrice laughed, "We know what it'll do; doesn't anyone else want to do that?"

"That's not the point!" The cheerleader snapped, "This question isn't relevant to the lesson!"

"Dual. Cultivation." The other countered, "Of course, it's relevant to the lesson!"

"Ladies, please." Kaze smiled, listening to the Immortals outside squirm, "There's no reason to get heated about this.

While it is indeed possible and pleasurable to put it in your mouth, we cannot allow women to suck on it when everyone must touch it for sanitary reasons."

Beatrice groaned with a few other excited women, hoping for a second turn.

Kaze was glad that Crux wasn't in the room at present.

The chalk only had a low-level technique similar to Divine Touch bound to it with Soul Qi. Inside, it was fused with his Yang Qi as an energy source.

While it was simple, Soul Qi practitioners in the Sky Realm would groan in despair looking at it!

Soul Qi techniques were rare, monopolized, and rudimentary in the Sky Plane. Beyond the highest ranks of cultivators, only artisan guilds had the techniques, and using them was difficult.

At best, the techniques were elementary and possessed a single method to fix a specialized technique to an object, famously low-quality spatial rings.

All the techniques were fed exclusively from Soul Qi.

However, Kaze had casually taken a technique of his choosing, bonded it to an inanimate object, and stored Qi in it, something thought impossible.

Thus, he created an artifact that would get studied for countless generations in the Sky Plane--in real-time--and women were asking if they could put it in their mouths!

In truth, what he did was as common as breathing in the Transcendent Plane, as less than a million cultivators lived there, and thus cultivators had to create labor-saving processes themselves.

Still, no one else understood that, and few ever would.

"Alright, now it's the men's turn." Kaze smiled, taking a pink chalk stick out of his leather satchel. He had made plenty of Yin Qi chalk with Kylie the morning prior.

"Wait, we get to as well?" Brad asked, his eyes wide with confusion. He was afraid, thinking he'd hand them Yang Qi trauma sticks! However, he calmed down after seeing it was pink.

"Hell yeah!" Sam laughed in excitement.

"I knew the Emperor wouldn't leave the guys hanging!" A clean-cut Hispanic man with black hair and dark brown eyes laughed

"Right, Marcus? I was feeling pretty jealous there for a minute." Sam chuckled.

The last man chuckled nervously, hearing the panicking Immortals outside. He, like the emperor, knew there was a speculation riot exploding outside.

"UghHHhhahhhH~" Sam shuddered, feeling the pulsing pleasure go through his body.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Bro, you look hella creepy like--Sam, stop rubbing it on your face!" Brad scoffed, "We all have to touch that."

"Come on, at least he's not begging the Emperor to let him put it in his mouth!" Marcus laughed, triggering laughter.

"I'm not gonna lie; I'm pretty turned off now," Beatrice noted.

"Right?" Mary said dryly, looking away.

The men froze and fell silent, hearing the real prejudice from the women. Only then could everyone hear the speculation riot outside.

-

"Bro, where are you going?"

"Bro, why aren't [you] going, gay boy!? I'm not listening to the Emperor get men off; that's gross!"

"Chill out, Manny. I doubt even the Emperor can get a whole classroom of men and women to play his fiddle five minutes into a class. Whatever's happening, it's not sex."

"Bullshit. He's dual cultivating with men. No matter how minimal it is, dual cultivating with men is gay as fuck.

I can't look at him the same--anyone that can is a fucking fairy!"

-

Kaze's students' hearts pounded rapidly, hearing the man decry their leader in a homophobic rant and watching the emperor walk to the door with his satchel.

Click.

All the Immortals in the hallway froze in horror, especially the yelling man when the emperor walked out of the room--fully clothed.

"Catch." Kaze smiled, throwing a pink object at the homophobic man.

Everyone watched in slow motion as Manny reached his hands out, reflexively catching the pink chalk and triggering hell on earth.