Evalyn gasped, feeling immense power flowing through her from dual cultivating. They had been having sex for an hour and a half, unlocking her meridians.

The experience was profound for her, feeling him enter deep into her body while her entire breathing network lit up, making her feel alive.

It was the first time they had dual cultivated since her body released pent-up Yin Qi, allowing her to cultivate without power discharge. Now it was pleasurable, liberating, and made her feel powerful.

She reached up and grabbed Kaze's soul body's face, lost in a cosmic world outside the present.

After she embraced him, he lowered and kissed her, melding their souls together, temporarily becoming one. It was an abstract yet inextricably beautiful feeling.

Evalyn pulled away and gasped, feeling her soul body fill with black energy, priming to accept his Yang Qi. "I... want~it...."

"Then you shall have it." Kaze whispered in her ear, thrusting to make her mind blank out.

"Kaze~" She gasped, controlling her moaning by cultivating Spiritual Connection, gripping the sheets.

Evalyn could feel his pleasure and satisfaction and knew he was close to climax--and vice versa. The two were connected, feeling each other's rawest feelings as if they were one.

It was beautiful.

Kaze closed his eyes and let his soul body fill with radiant white Qi. He felt intense pressure pulsing through him for the first time in millennia, alongside his natural drive to climax.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

It was at the end, so when he came inside her, the energy and sexual pleasure were perfect, making him shiver with pleasure.

"That... was marvelous." He smiled, kissing her passionately.

"I've never seen... you express... passion." Evalyn whispered, embracing his face while her chest rose and fell, "Before, it seemed like you were surprised. Now... you seem... impassioned."

"I believe it's because I'm learning to love again." Kaze smiled gently, pulling out, making her body shiver, "Until recently, I was numb due to losses.

Now, you're alive and before me. Those I've come to care for still draw breath and haven't suffered grievously.

I'm starting to accept that as reality, so my emotions are overcoming my memories."

Evalyn took a deep breath, looking into his eyes. She couldn't imagine how much pain he had experienced, living through hell and brutal war, and then millennia after her death. "That's inspiring.

It's encouraging to know someone can heal after painful experiences they cannot forget."

Kaze had recently told her about his hyperthymesia, so she understood the weight of his words.

At first, she thought that it was a general superpower that would multiply anyone's strength. It was hard not to, considering his knowledge of techniques.

However, the next time she thought of her mother's death, she realized how horrifying it would be to replay that scene in complete detail.

Kaze could do that for her death, those he cared about, and millions on the battlefields.

Every death.

Every regret.

Every betrayal.

He remembered them all flawlessly, and with Soul Qi protecting his brain, he'd never forget them.

"It would be near-impossible if not for breath-taking moments like this." Kaze smiled charmingly, hugging her, "Because when it's impossible to clear the bad out of my mind, I need only remember nights like tonight to remain sane."

Evalyn looked into his earnest eyes with an emotional gaze before resting her head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat and letting it guide her into sleep.

***

"What did you mean by [expediting] the training?" She asked the next morning, pulling on simple pink panties after a shared shower.

"New techniques." Kaze smiled, grabbing a military duffle bag and handing it to her.

The blonde unzipped it, and her eyes widened in shock. "How many cultivation techniques are in here?"

"Six techniques, five thousand of each." He chuckled in amusement, watching her eyes widen in shock, "Sky-grade breathing, earth-grade breathing, healing, wind attack, sensory, and movement."

"Five thousand... are you implying that we should teach everyone here the techniques?" Evalyn asked in confusion, "Beyond the families, the soldiers aren't trustworthy yet.

Giving them the power to rise up against us could be a mistake."

"You're free to do with them as you wish." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "Once you remember how far the earth is from the sky, you'll know what to do."

"I see...." She smiled wryly at his highly-communicative pun, genuinely thankful for the advice, "There isn't much time. Can you direct transfer the technique to our soldiers?"

The emperor shook his head solemnly. "To transfer a technique, I must process all the information from it and match it with the person's unique mental condition.

While it looks simple, it's extremely taxing. If I keep doing it so soon, I'll be unable to transfer techniques to the management members. Last night, there was no other choice."

Evalyn's eyes glided to the left with a strange expression. "So you did something extremely taxing, with a heaven-grade technique, a thousand times last night?"

"Cor~rect." Kaze confirmed with a slight smile.

"And you still had high-level sex for hours and held a conversation after that?" She asked in a daze.

"Cor~rect." He smiled.

The Ice General met his gaze with a flustered expression. "Don't keep saying cor~rect like what you're saying makes sense. Your just how inhuman are you?"

"Oh, darling." Kaze smiled hypnotically, "Once we reach the Transcendent Plane, you'll realize that you didn't have the first clue."

Evalyn tongued her left canine, letting her eyes glide to the left. She was trying to figure out whether to be exasperated at his arrogance, impressed by his power, or cocktail out of the topical point to prevent future embarrassment. "I'll look forward to that....

What is your strategy for dropping the news and the training schedule today?"

"I hate to disappoint you, but the training must wait." He replied straightly, wearing a poker face, "As for the news, I'll release that in the middle of next month."

The Ice General blinked twice slowly, expecting to wake up every time her eyes opened. However, she didn't. "Excuse me, what?

Setting aside your insane decision not to announce that we're facing an annihilation force in six weeks, what could be important enough to make training wait?"

"I have a haircut appointment." Kaze smiled charmingly, making the blonde's eyes deaden, "The Underground Bizarre opens tonight; it cannot go on without me."

Evalyn closed her eyes and took a deep breath, feeling unsuppressible hellfire burning in her lungs. "Kaze is this the best way to prioritize or just how [you] pri... oritize your... life...?"

The blonde trailed off when a horrifying wave of deja vu washed over her, and she saw Kaze's mocking smile burrowing into her soul.

She activated her vision technique, stared at her meridians, far more vibrant than before, and chuckled in amusement. "Your absurd logic haunts me daily."

Thinking back to the first influx exasperated her but forced a smile onto her face regardless.

--

"Impressive. You've gone from geeky loner to playboy, unfettered by vortexes and flying superhumans. How curious. Is this usually how you prioritize your life?"

[Of course not. I understand priorities. That's why I got my haircut and dropped that hideous garb I was wearing.]

"I get it now. You got a haircut and clothing, so when you lied to get your sketchy power, it wouldn't be useless."

[But of course. I have the power to see the future, so my plans always have a purpose. I wouldn't have chosen this cultivation method if it weren't powerful.]

--

It felt like they had met each other a lifetime ago and did, but in this life, it had been less than six weeks. Evalyn couldn't imagine what the next century would be like.