"Welcome to the Underground Bizzare." A hypnotic voice said, triggering a wave of cheering from around 500 people under neon blue lights, "We're currently standing in a nightclub...."

Kaze turned left to right on stage, then behind him to see the massive [Club Quinn] sign. "Isn't that strange to stay during the apocalypse?"

Explosive cheering and laughter rocked the ballroom.

They were standing in the same area he used for the auction. However, there was now a massive bar on the side, neon lights, rented subwoofers and speakers, and other gear.

"Aren't we supposed to be...." He said dramatically, "Wearing leather armor made from random animals right now?"

When everyone looked around, they chuckled in bewilderment.

"I get that not everyone has sewing skills or found a stockpile of reliable clothing...." Kaze smiled cheekily, "But I'm pretty sure I see women wearing nothing but panties on their lower halves."

The laughter intensified as people looked around, confirming his statements. It reached a fever pitch when the women in question covered their faces in embarrassment.

"I think it's fitting I called the apocalypse the [rapture]." He smirked, "Because if it was the rapture, God took all the doomsday preachers and left nothing but us debaucherous sinners to experience hell on earth!"

Explosive battle cries met his proud words, proclaimed with a wide grin.

"I'm not sure about you, but this isn't half bad." Kaze smiled, triggering cheers, "In fact, for many of us, life's generally improved from an economic standpoint."

The environment became elated upon hearing his words. His statement genuinely moved those, like Kiera, most intimate with the sentiment.

"Let's talk about the Underground Bizarre." He announced, "This market offers emotional salvation.

Thanks to those who offer services here, one needn't worry they'll die without experiencing sex. That's a relief that one cannot measure in RP or Skye!"

Most original members of Immortal Skye were around eighteen, and 53% of people between the age of 18 and 24 were virgins in Malta. So his statement spoke to hundreds in the room.

Many got emotional after hearing their leader encouraging their behavior.

"Emotional salvation comes in many forms." Kaze continued, "You may be looking for a specific product that you can't buy at the Luxe.

Perhaps you're coming to this club to drink to make meeting friends easier.

Maybe it's something you wish for but thought you could never have.

This market offers it all.

So long as you work hard; so long as you practice your cultivation and become strong; so long as you protect our home--this market can make your inner dreams a reality!"

Thunderous applause met his words.

"I want everyone to experience its magic, so I'm giving you five business RP!" Kaze roared, waving his hand and lifting hundreds of gold coins in the air, triggering gasps, "You cannot use it anywhere but here!

So get out there, enjoy yourselves, and treat all the service professionals with respect!"

An excitement-fueled riot unfolded the next moment, with everyone jumping to grab floating RP coins as Kaze playfully raised and lowered them.

Whap!

"GahHhHhh!" A man cried, grabbing his forehead when one of the gold RP coins smacked him in the forehead, "W-What was that!?"

"You only get one." Kaze smirked derisively, moving the floating coins erratically to prove he controlled each individually. "I advise you stay clear of drink, you befuddled buffoon; if you forfeit intellect, you're liable to fall on your sword."

The select few who could keep up with his insulting language burst into laughter.

Hundreds more followed suit simply because others were laughing, leaving only a hundred honest people watching with wry smiles, admitting they didn't even understand what he said.

"A modern-day Caesar, giving bread to the poor." Rein chuckled wryly, staring at the RP and noting that Steve could buy her a drink no matter how much he gambled, "Gah, I hate my life...."

When she said those words, Kaze made eye contact with her in the crowd, and a ring on her index glowed a light purple.

Her pupils dilated in dread, making her vision blur as she walked through the crowd, hoping it was the rapture and an angel would swoop down from the heavens to take her the way.

Unfortunately, no such thing happened.

***

"Well, hello, ladies." Kaze said charmingly, glancing at two blondes wearing cocktail dresses. After a subtle, deep breath, he sent them a magnetic smile. "You look ravishing."

The women giggled coquettishly, looking him up and down.

Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Kiera watched him in shock, disbelieving what she was seeing. However, she watched on with horror as everything continued.

"Thank~you, Emperor." The first blonde, sporting iron-curled hair, said, "Is this your girlfriend?"

The pink-haired teen blushed to the tip of her ears as Kaze looked at her lovingly. "Yes, this is my beautiful partner. She's rather charming but also nervous being around so many people."

After gulping nervously, sweat dripping down her shoulder blades, she nodded to the woman.

"Kiera...." Kiera replied shyly, shaking their hands.

Kaze gave the slang riddler a near-murderous glance that sent shivers crawling down her spine. However, he smiled the next moment. "Well, I must address all our guests, so if you'll excuse me, ladies."

They giggled at his magnetic voice and smiled as he walked away, leading the nervous pink-haired teen away.

Kiera walked through the flea market-style [marketplace] of the Underground Bizarre, where people sold scavenged goods and other belongings.

A few people made jewelry and collected personal belongings people wanted to sell. However, most of the area was operated exclusively by the Scavengers.

"Come one, come all, this is some first-class rich people sh--guh, stuff!" Larkin said, standing before a blanket of jewelry, "It's so good I need to be all pro~fesh~ion~all to describe it."

Light laughter and giggles surrounded him, with women looking at the jewelry with sparkling eyes.

"Woah! Those earrings are at least two carats...." A woman cried in disbelief.

"That's right!" Larkin said, "Back in the day, this jewelry was worth five years' worth of unhappy marriage to an old rich dude.

Nowadays, it's worth a measly RP because we got it for free-ninety-nine, you got five RP for free-ninety-nine, so it's basically FREE BITCHEZ--GUH!"

Rambunctious laughter broke out when Hayley Musk, the [public] coowner of the Scavengers, hit him in the stomach with the back of her fist.

However, his words were gold--literally.

"I'll take the earrings!"

"No, you can't just call out behind me! I want them!"

"Let me through!"

"I'll take your unprofessionalism as a rare, strategic marketing technique." Hayley said, looking at the jester coldly.

Larkin lifted his head off the ground with a shaky smile, still healing from the last two blows to the stomach, and gave her the thumbs up. "Y-You got it, boss."

Kiera smiled, seeing the jester hit the ground.

"If you smile at another man, I'll kill you." Kaze whispered coldly next to her, inaudible to everyone else.

The teen shivered, feeling his cold pressure. "W-What?"

"Are you deaf?" He scoffed under his breath, "Beyond you defiling my reputation like a whore, this is a character lapse, yes?"

Kiera flushed red in disbelief and disbelief. "Don't call me a [whore] for smiling at someone."

"Just because you don't know what it means to be dedicated to a partner doesn't mean you get to break your character." Kaze replied with lethal eyes.

"Excuse me, what?" The fiery teen scoffed, "Do you think that fancy language and a few smiles make you charming? Just how bad of a partner are you?"

"Did you just call me a bad partner, you harlot?" He scoffed aggressively, narrowing his eyes.

"A good partner wouldn't ruin their partner's reputation over a petty smile." Kiera replied bitingly, "Especially since there's no way Kaze would call any woman a whore, least of all his Princess."

Kaze's eyes trembled, and he looked around, ensuring no one noticed them. "I digress, you floo--hah.

Look, just focus on the operation. If I can tame this sea of clout-chasing harem applicants, you can look shy and anxious without smiling for an hour, got it?"

Rein's eyes widened in surprise, hearing Keira address her point of confusion. "I was going to ask--how are you doing that? Are you okay with flirting with women?"

"Of course I'm not okay with it!" Kiera said, grabbing her hand and leading her into a private room [Kaze] requested from a guard, drawing speculation.

Inside the room, she looked at the short-haired brunette, wearing an illusion with her face and body, with a crazed expression.

"Take heed of my words, and do not forget them." Kiera said, using Kaze's voice, "I find my current operation belligerent, abhorrent, appalling, treasonous, depraved, irritable, and repugnant.

I feel unfaithful just gazing upon this sea of perverse women. The way they're ravishing Ka... my body makes me feel like an irredeemable reprobate."

Rein's jaw lowered slowly, realizing why Kaze trusted the fiery woman with the job--she was the only person that could talk like him!

She still thought it was irresponsible and dangerous until she heard the teen's next words.

"However, he needs my help, and I will do near-whatever it takes to help him accomplish his goals." Kiera whispered boldly, "I'll develop confidence and face the world for him.

You're working for him, so you will do the same. So play your role, and don't look at men because I sure as fuck won't do that, got it?"

Rein gulped and nodded her head awkwardly. "By the way... where is Kaze, Kiera?"

"In don't-ask-stupid-questions land." Kiera scoffed in Kaze's voice, "If he wanted you to know, you would. Since he didn't, he doesn't."

"No, I mean, is he in the Underground Bizarre?" The brunette clarified, realizing something unexpected, "We should probably avoid him to prevent complex character lapses, right?"

After gliding her eyes to the left, she developed a stern expression. "All I'll say is that we're monitoring the Club Quinn, the district, and market only."

Rein's eyes trembled in horror. "T-That means that...."

***

A short-haired brunette walked through the door of Kat's Casino with a sharp glint in her eyes.

When she saw the professionally-dressed redhead she was looking for, she causally walked to the bar to listen to the conversation the woman was having with Mandy Mitchell, the nervous-looking owner of Kat's Casino.