Playvolume00:00/01:40
Truvid
fullScreen

Evalyn walked to her closet, took out a light pink towel, opened the door to her luxurious connected bathroom, walked inside, and pressed a button that simultaneously locked all the doors.

The bathroom was white with marble tiles and a shower in the center of the room, encased in a glass rectangle that left it fully transparent for anyone to see. Everything was spotless; proof housekeepers cleaned it daily.

"Figures that I can't even think in here clearly." Evalyn scoffed breathlessly.

She stripped off her blue tank top and black leggings, exposing a light pink bra and matching set of panties. She put them into her hamper as always.

​ Then unbuckled her bra, let it slowly glide off her shoulders to the floor, pulled her panties down, and lightly kicked them off. She left them on the floor that night, leaving them to pop against the pure white room like the pink toothbrush and hand towel.

Pink was her favorite color, and she wasn't ashamed of that. It made her feel feminine, a strict contrast to her strict and self-disciplined self that thrived on ambition and sacrifice.

Evalyn stepped into the standing shower and turned on the water, which perfectly heated the second she turned it on. Perfect. Precise.

Water crashed against her hair, dripping down her perfectly toned breasts. They had pink nipples, perfectly shaped and proportioned, like her C-cup breasts.

The water continued down her stomach, gliding between her legs and touching the carefully shaved lower half, proof of her recent attention to sexual behavior.

When it touched the top of her lips, she gasped in frustration.

"I offered that man chastity after only knowing him less than a week, but he didn't blink twice." Evalyn laughed in self-deprecation, "How embarrassing on two fronts."

She closed her eyes and pressed her back against the cool glass to stave off her sleep deprivation under the calming feeling of water.

The shower head followed her body, crashing down on her chest directly.

Images of Kaze flashed into her mind. "Why can't I get you out of my head?"

Evalyn bit her lip to break free. However, when she did, his voice replaced his image.

—

"Someone that wasn't insignificant."

—

"You treat me like a past lover, but… nothing about my past self seems appealing." She laughed.

—

"The old you would have killed 50,000 people for this technique. And then she'd tell me to kill myself when I offered to heal her during it."

"The old you was tough as nails. So I'm certain you can handle the current with divine-grade healing. If I coddle you any more than I have, your past self will break through space and time to murder me."

—

"Yet your words…." Evalyn whispered.

—

"I'd never stalk a woman who didn't find me amusing. But I will risk my life chasing a woman for a century if she does."

"I just thought I'd bring out your past self. That way, you'll have someone to hate me with for the next eighteen hours."

[Did the old me find you as irritating as I do?]

"Oh, love. So much more, and I didn't have half the charm, power, or sexual talent to compensate."

[Then how the hell did she handle you?]

"The same reason you are."

[Why can't I hate you?]

"Because I won't let you."

—

"You chased after me for a century?" Evalyn asked herself, "Given the current you, that's so hard the believe."

—

"I've never lied to you, woman. You can't tell if I'm serious because you refuse to believe me, even though you're staring at the truth."

—

"Yet you're here, risking your life to ensure I wouldn't get frostbite for a few hours until your Qi recovered." She whispered, "And you're changing your tactics on my behalf."

Kaze held back in the administration office and didn't harm Gregory. He was even conflicted about giving her a divine technique and protected her with his life when she chose it.

Now he chose to contract his faction out with her uncle. Was that for convenience? Or was it because it was her family?

Most of all—

"Immortal Skye? Are you trying to safeguard me? You're centuries old, at least. Am I just a child to you? Like your daughter?"

—

"Do you think I, the most powerful, arrogant, and charming womanizer, would waste time on you otherwise?"

[Kaze. Kiss me.]

"I guarantee you'll regret such an action at this time."

[I won't regret it now.]

—Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The image of Kaze moving to kiss her while they lay naked together when she was on his chest flashed in her mind, causing her face to heat up.

"No…." Evalyn whispered, "He sees me as a woman, and is trying hard as I am…."

Hot water crashed against her breasts, leading down her body to the top of her lips. She gasped breathlessly when she concentrated on it.

—

"Wipe that self-consciousness off your face. It's an unforgivable insult to your beauty and charm."

[You can't expect me to just go to your room.]

"Sure I can. Because if you weren't, you would have walked away by now."

"I can put a lot of things in you. It's just a matter of consent."

"I'll happily please you in ways you cannot imagine. But it's not the right time."

—

Evalyn's lower body became sensitive. It was a feeling that didn't have meaning until she followed Kaze to his room for the first time with a beating heart.

She wasn't averse to sex and begrudgingly pleased herself periodically to stave off the frustration of constantly rejecting handsome men.

The blonde was obsessed with her reputation and her life. She never let anyone threaten her future and rejected dates and parties to study and maintain her high grades.

Fearing a relationship, she held herself back.

Yet she threw all caution to the wind to blindly follow an arrogant man spouting nonsense about the future after a physical makeover and two predictions.

Now….

Evalyn's chest rose and fell as warm water touched her lips. She gave up trying to deny herself, accepting she was helplessly attached to Kaze Lexicon.

He was charming and extremely attracted. It felt like a magnetic force pulled the two together whenever they were alone.

She lifted her right hand and let her fingers glide up her thighs softly, curving them above her belly button. Then she glided them downward to the area between her thighs.

Her heart pounded harder and harder until she reached them, and then she slowly began parting her lips.

Evalyn's emergency phone abruptly went off. It was a heavily encrypted security phone that her uncle gave her to talk about Kaze. She never placed it on silent.

"This better be fucking good." She growled while lifting her hand to turn off the water.

Her eyes were filled with murderous wrath and indignation that she was interrupted twice when approaching a sexual interaction regarding Kaze.

She immediately stomped out of the shower room, kicking her underwear out of the way and grabbing the towel.

Her emergency phone went off again, indicating her uncle had called her immediately after the first one left.

Evalyn snatched it off her bed and answered. "This better be important."

"It is important, Evalyn. Kaze… one of our client's homes was destroyed tonight. Kaze left on schedule, but everyone else is dead."