Carmen's heart beat like a war drum as she opened her mouth and wrapped her tongue around his erect penis, feeling it pressing against her tongue.

With passion, she serviced him, sloppily moving her head back and forth as she worked to release his seed.

Kaze hummed in pleasure for a while, then pulled out of her mouth, walking backward and sitting on the king-sized mattress. "Come to me."

Carmen shuddered, seeing the emperor sit dominantly. She put her hands on the ground and crawled to him seductively like a cat, her cleavage slightly swaying as she came up.

When she got between his legs, she grabbed the base of his dick and put the tip of her tongue to it, licking up to his head, rolling her tongue around it, and reinserting it.

He enjoyed the feeling, lightly holding her curly brown ponytail in his hand as she bobbed.

"It's time." Kaze smiled, making her eyes widen with a pounding heart, "Accept your emperor's seed."

Carmen nodded slightly, wrapping her tongue against his shaft and sliding it down until his tip touched the back of her throat and continuing. After a deep breath through her nose, she pulled back and then went down again, making every movement count.

After another fifteen seconds of bobbing her head, her eyes widened when his cock twitched, pulling his tip from her throat just before thick, hot liquid shot into her mouth.

She pulled back and took a deep breath, fighting against the mouth full of cum. However, she hadn't finished.

Carmen sucked his tip and glided her fingers up his shaft, pulling more out.

When she was satisfied she had cleaned him, she looked her emperor in the eyes, blushed in embarrassment, and swallowed—twice, nearly choking the first time.

"Now, free from the influence of pleasure and desire, will you still call me your emperor?" Kaze mused, reaching out his hand.

"It's better than calling you my barely-legal-boss who booty called me at work." Carmen scoffed, accepting his hand and standing after wiping her mouth with her forearm, "Besides, everyone else calls you that anyway."

"Is that so?" He mused, his gaze bearing into her soul, "What of my concubine? Will you still call yourself that? While you were roleplaying, your reasoning seemed oddly specific."

The police chief blushed furiously, grabbing and pulling her purple lace panties on as quickly as possible. "If the sex is always this good, I'd accept the term friends-with-benefits or booty call if necessary, but concubine is excessive for sex."

"Oh, love." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "My dual cultivation techniques can extract your soul from your body—that statement is literal.

What you have experienced is but the first layer of sexual pleasure. So justifications based on pleasure lack meaning entirely."

Carmen's mouth lowered slowly as he spoke, staring at him dumbly. The fact that she didn't doubt his claim made her shudder. "If that's the case, you can call me whatever you want, within reason.

Women put up with far worse for sub-par sex. So long as you didn't neglect me, that title wouldn't bother me, considering that most women here would die for it."

Translation: I don't mind, just give me an excuse.

Who wouldn't want to live with the most powerful man in the world during a time of danger and scarcity, especially when the often negative aspect—having sex with him—is a maxed out positive?

Once one accounted for his unnaturally good looks and charm, Kaze Lexicon was the most perfect man any woman could hope for. That was an insult to good, faithful men, to be sure, but true.

"In that case, you can call yourself my woman and me your man, should you desire it." He replied charmingly, watching her turn rosy, "If not, you may use any term, so long as it's not [partner] or otherwise misleading."

"I-Is that so?" She asked, putting on her pants with comically low dexterity, "I'll consider it."

"As for the police outfit." Kaze smirked, making her turn in panic and trip on the pant leg, falling face-first into the ground.

The emperor waved his hand, lowering the gravity in her area so that she didn't hit. She looked down in bewilderment, suspended above the ground in confusion. It only affirmed the reason that she was attracted to him.

However, it didn't change that her round ass was staring at him for a moment. Kaze personally didn't care for thongs, but he didn't mind seeing one on her. Hd appraised it slightly, wondering if he should reconsider his stance.

​ Carmen scrambled to turn around when she realized she was mooning him, making her panicked dexterity worse. In the end, she fell onto her butt, pants still down, looking at him in defeat.

"I'll take that as a sign you wish to keep it." Kaze smiled in amusement, making her blush brighter red still, "You still need to finish your shift, after all."

He waved his hand, and the spatial barrier around them disappeared, leading to a tidal wave of sound and excitement crashing into the room.

While they were in the room to let her feel excitement over having sex in public, she didn't want to publicly disclose that she was having sex with him, or have people misinterpret her as a sex worker. So he erected a barrier.

"Where will you go?" Carmen chuckled wryly, watching him dress to leave immediately.

"Back to my [partner]." He replied relaxedly, "Should you ever learn to love a selfish man and devote yourself to me unfairly, I shall also speak of you that way."

Without further discussion, Kaze opened a spatial rift and walked through it, leaving the impassioned police chief in her panties, pants half-on, with a flushed expression that she felt might never go away.

"Kaze Lexicon… my man?" Carmen whispered in a trance.

The police chief opened and closed her mouth, disbelieving his words. She could call him her man if she was exclusive and he would accept her in a relationship if she only committed for life. It was surreal.

"Could this really be real… wait!" She cried.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Her eyes widened in horror, realizing they had unfinished business—mainly that they borrowed the sex room and needed to give it back!

She quickly stood, hobbling to gain her balance, and tried pulling on her form-fitting police pants.

"Struggled" was a better term, as she constantly failed as she raced against an invisible clock.

In the end, her efforts were in vain.

A beautiful blonde wearing a cheerleading outfit abruptly materialized from a circle of warping space.

She froze when she saw the police chief desperately struggling to pull the form-fitting pants over her ass, which was far too fantastic to comply.

Both turned bright red, wishing they hadn't seen one another.

"I-I didn't see anything." Mary Remarts, the blonde cheerleader from Kylie's team, said, "I'm already blind to the Emperor's activities; you have my word."

"D-Don't get… thank you." Carmen grimaced, realizing it was impossible to claim they weren't having raging sex with her pants down and her shirt unbuttoned, "While there's nothing illegal or… particularly abnormal about this, I'd rather keep it under wraps."

The blonde's eyes widened at her scathing commentary and burst into giggles.

"I guess that's true, isn't it?" Mary mused, eyes closed, hand covering her giggling mouth, "It really isn't that abnormal."

Kaze watched the two silently, smiling gently at their awkward bonding. However, he got sidetracked watching Carmen pulling her jeans over her ass.

After spending millennia around women with divine physiques and body constitutions, both creating perfectly proportionate bodies, he found the sight hypnotizing.

"Do you like what you see?" Carmen gruffed in annoyance, zipping up the dark blue pants with slight difficulty, "After all, you bought these anticipating that you'd recruit me, yes?"

"I bought these in advance and have a male outfit, but I gave you a high rayon blend, as I anticipated that they may have needed to stretch, yes." Kaze smiled devilishly, "As for the tightness, consider it a compliment on me appraising your form."

The answer: correct.

He had Daniel buy many police outfits, depending on if the chief was male or female. After finding Carmen, he handed her the pants she was wearing.

Their size and tightness were indicative of her appraisal of her body size, which was spot on.

So his statement was mildly misleading, but it was also true enough to mess with her.

Mary giggled again, cracking at the police chief's involuntarily bashful expression. "I feel like I'll never see that expression again."

"I'd certainly hope not!" The police chief cried, making the three burst into laughter.

Despite the awkwardness, the three walked out of the room smiling, shutting off the light to mark the end of the Underground Bizarre grand opening without a single negative thought.

Carmen's smile was especially radiant, walking beside Kaze, testing out the words [I'm the Emperor's woman] in her head over and over, stuck on repeat like a broken record.

—

[A/N: Please rate this sex scene using Kiera's language on a scale from "It gave me terminal ED" to "Fuck yeah! Plow-town Platypus tore that pussy up!" Or... just 1-10. I'm genuinely trying to improve and write better stories for you all.

I'd also be grateful if you'd give me your favorite smut novels as recommendations, as I've rarely read sex scenes in novels and would like perspective. Thank you for reading, everyone! Every day you've made this difficult journey worth it.]