Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

[A/N: This is the optional backstory leading up to the Carmen sex scene. Skip it if you're ready to jump back into the main story.]

-

"We're blessed that you have graced us with your presence." A sassy voice said dryly.

The voice belonged to a beautiful black woman wearing a dark blue police uniform. She stood at the front of a long hallway, lit by neon red lights.

"Happy to be here." Kaze smiled, walking up to her, "How is your first night on the job?"

"Humiliating." Carmen replied bluntly.

"Is it so bad to enforce non-oppressive laws of another country?" The emperor mused.

"It is when you're wearing a police cosplay outfit." She scoffed in annoyance.

As she said, she was wearing a police cosplay outfit, as it was impossible to get real ones, and it would be a while before people had time to remove the Malta emblems from their real gear.

Relations between the countries were such that wearing Malta gear would cause altercations, especially among law enforcement officers. So they had no choice but to wear the outfit.

"Come now; you make it sound like a vulgar roleplay outfit." Kaze smiled, "Right now, your gear looks professional, albeit considering more true to your form."

"Sexy." Carmen corrected dryly, "While I do not disapprove of looking like a sexy police cosplayer, I find it exceedingly humiliating when I'm working at the front of a red light district."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

[Red light district] was literal. Neon red lights lit the hall, and there were windows for sex workers to attract customers.

To the emperor's right was a line of more than two hundred Immortals seeking sex work.

Nearly everyone wanted to have sex. Virgins didn't want to die without having experienced it, and the rest were frustrated that there was nowhere to have it!

So the line was excessively long, and Carmen Skeer, the former police chief of Meridian City, stood next to it the horny mass of people in a sexy cop outfit.

"It would be one thing if everyone knew a police force existed and didn't learn about it tonight." Carmen chuckled bitterly, "But half these people didn't even attend my induction ceremony."

"Come now; surely your goons have adequately [advertised] your presence, yes?" Kaze asked with biting sarcasm, "The only thing they excel at is announcing that they're police officers."

The three [goons] in question were Wade, Ken, and Pratt from the apocalypse party. They were walking around, doing unnecessary checks, and flashing their badges to flaunt their authority.

It was comical because nearly every person in Immortal Skye was stronger than them, as they missed weeks of training. So their bravado couldn't get more ironic.

Carmen scoffed, half laughing at the emperor's statement, embarrassed that she couldn't refute them. "I suppose that's why you requested them for such a critical role, yes?

However, I still can't think of why you'd request I bring them after the trouble they brought you."

"I told you four I would, yes?" He smiled mockingly, "That's all there is to it."

"Then why did you take so long?" She asked bitterly, "We almost died multiple times."

"I believe [you] were the person that chastised me for trying to poach Malta's elite, yes?" He asked bitingly, reminding her of their first conversation in Immortal Skye.

"How do you do this?" Carmen scoffed and turned away bitterly, "You make adults look like children. I find it impossible for you to be so young."

"What if I wasn't young?" Kaze asked amusedly.

"Then I'd question your birth records, school records, government paperwork, footage of you at school, and everything else I saw digging up dirt for the military." Carmen smiled mockingly, "It drives me insane.

Why can't you just lie and say you came back from the past to save the world?"

"Because I'm neither a liar nor an altruist." He smiled mysteriously, "However, I am whatever women want me to be during roleplay."

The police chief initially got lost in his allusive, multi-layered statement, trying to decipher whether he was clever enough to affirm both her statements by negating a lie. However—

"You'd offer to change my mind about sex through a sex act?" She scoffed in disbelief.

"Incorrect; I'll amend your assertion." Kaze scoffed playfully, making her frown, "Roleplay comes before sex to get into the mood. Its purpose is to alter your perspective on someone."

"What type of roleplay could rid a woman of aversions to sleeping with someone almost twenty years younger than themselves?" She scoffed, rolling her eyes.

"How about a successful emperor with an expansive, prosperous empire that's old enough to make you look like a child." He replied charmingly, reflecting her original statement.

"We're talking about convincing a woman of the truth, yes?" She scoffed in exasperation, "Your solution is to convince them of a fantasy role at a time when the world is the opposite of prosperous? That's arrogant even for you."

"Would you like to challenge my arrogance then?" The emperor smiled mysteriously.

The police chief shivered at his confident smile, lacking even the slightest doubt. "If you can convince me that you're an emperor, I'll pretend to be your concubine. How's that?"

"Then follow me." Kaze ordered boldly, catching her off guard.

Her heart thumped when he walked forward into a sea of walking people without looking, and everyone moved aside for them.

He didn't look arrogant in doing it—it seemed like it was only natural.

"Excuse me, administrator." Kaze said with a friendly yet commanding aura that everyone off guard, "Please find me a sex worker on break. I wish to speak to her."

The request made everyone shudder, worried that a dark disturbance required the murderous man's intervention. However, it was also exciting.

Carmen watched in disbelief, convinced she was observing a real emperor living naturally.

***

Knock! Knock! Knock!

"Thank you for your interest; I'm no longer accepting clients!" A female voice snapped from the other side of the door, begrudgingly accustomed to the knock.

"It's Kaze Lexicon; I wish to speak to you." The emperor said straightly.

"Emperor!" Mary cried, quickly shifting around the room and spraying it with perfume hastily before opening the door.

When she did, Carmen coughed from the overwhelming smell, making the blonde panic even more!

Kaze smiled, finding it amusing that she had placed condoms and other sex products on the counter in case he wanted her services. While it was comical, it wasn't unprofessional or unnatural either. "You needn't worry, Mary. Can we come in?"

"Y-Yes, Emperor." The blonde said with a shaky smile, leading them in and shutting the door, "Please come in. I wish there were more places to sit…."

It was a simple room with neon-pink lights, a desk, and a kingsized mattress.

Service providers could rent furniture and equipment, indicated by the mounting brackets on the walls and ceiling for kinky things. However, she only offered vanilla services for one night to get classes, so she lacked a reason to get more furniture.

"You needn't concern yourself with seating arrangements." Kaze announced, "We must appropriate your room for an hour for important matters.

I will compensate you for the inconvenience and take you to your room or a private bar to wait."

Mary's eyes widened in bewilderment, unbelieving her ears. "I-It's no inconvenience… I will go wherever you like me to…."

"Thank you for your cooperation." He replied with a professional smile, waving his hand to create a spatial rift and leading the confused woman through it.

Mary walked into his harem den with wide eyes. "If you have this, why are you asking for a public room?"

"You needn't concern yourself with what we need your room for." The emperor replied semi-coldly, "I assume you know better than to speculate of my non-public activities, yes?"

Mary felt an icy wind blow past her, feeling anxiety in her core. "I'm not stupid enough to provoke you or Evalyn."

"Excellent." Kaze smiled slightly, "Until I return, please enjoy a drink, take a relaxing bath, watch some movies, or rest. The sheets are clean."

"R-Right." She stuttered, "I'll see you when you get back."

Without further discussion, the emperor turned around and walked through the spatial rift, leaving her behind in the room.

After exploring the room, Mary decided to lie down and see what it was like to be his woman.

She immediately fell in love with the feeling of his red silk sheets, closing her eyes and facing the ceiling with her hands behind her head.

However, her perspective on the room changed when she opened them and saw large gashes on the roof from when Evalyn first dual cultivated and had to release excess Qi.

"What type of kinky shit is that man into!?" Mary cried wide-eyed, "Or what is [she] into...."

The blonde shivered, wishing she had never opened her eyes.

═─┈─═

Kaze returned to find his police chief awaiting him with an expectant gaze.

"Now what, Emperor?" Carmen asked sassily, "Is this where you order me to strip and service you?"

"Only if you want me to." The emperor smiled, "However, judging by your passion, I'd recommend you let me lift and fuck you against that wall."

His crude language fit her mindset like a glove, making her mind go wild.

"That would make it impossible for you to question my age or our professional relationship." Kaze smiled, "An emperor's job is to know the mindset of the people we're talking to. How did I do?"

"Jesus Christ, please fuck me, Emperor." Carmen pleaded, unbuckling her pants as quickly as possible, "You won the bet. Tonight I am your concubine, so please treat me like one."

She pulled her pants halfway down her ass before remembering she was wearing boots! So she dropped to the ground awkwardly, unlacing her boots with extreme frustration.

Once the first boot was off, she threw it across the room and then the other, each in the direction she was looking.

Then she did the same with her pants and panties.

That was the first minute of their sexual experience and her journey as the emperor's concubine.