"It is important, Evalyn. Kaze… one of our client's homes was destroyed tonight. Kaze left on schedule, but everyone else is dead."

Images of Kaze's murderous wrath and warnings about unwillingness to concede his tactics flashed before Evalyn's eyes.

He spoke of people like ants and how he could have snapped his fingers and destroyed Earth.

"No… I was like that too…." Evalyn whispered.

"What did you say?" Daniel asked in confusion.

"Nothing. What was the security like at the event? Was it completely anonymous?" She asked.

"Anonymous? Evalyn, why aren't you focused on figuring out if this man is dangerous!?" He cried.

"What do you want me to say, uncle?" Evalyn asked, "Unless you want to be unprepared for agents to show up at your home, I suggest we talk about the obvious."

"I… you're right. The security was solid; completely anonymous as usual." Daniel replied, "However, the place was a wreck. Multiple types of cultivation techniques were used."

"It's one man versus countless people." She noted, "So we shouldn't assume it wasn't self defense. I'm going to hang up and call Kaze."

"Please do. I'll speak to you shortly." He replied before ending the call.

Evalyn stared at her phone in disbelief with a racing heart. While she seemed composed, she was anything but composed!

She didn't question for a moment that it was "self-defense." With Kaze's might, she was certain he could resolve it peacefully.

The thought twisted in her mind as she paced through her room.

"Should I call? Go to his home?" Evalyn cried under her breath. Her heart was pounding, and her thoughts were mangled.

"Will I be aiding and abetting if I show up?" She asked frantically, "No, I don't know what happened. It's okay to figure out what happened. Definitely okay to figure out what happened."

She typed in Kaze's phone number and then stared at it hesitantly.

After three more minutes of pacing, she hit it sporadically and immediately tried to hang up but felt awkward. "Oh no, what should I—"

"Evening, beautiful." A magnetic voice said from the other side.

"H-Hi—"

Evalyn dropped the phone, and it fumbled on the ground, causing her to scramble to pick it up.

"Are you there?" Kaze asked.

She grabbed her phone and wrangled it back into position. "Y-Yes. Sorry, I… I just dropped my phone."

"Why do you sound so concerned?" He chuckled.

Evalyn's eyes filled with murderous rage when she heard that question. She didn't question whether he had destroyed the client's home for a moment, yet he was so calm!

That had only just caught up to her.

"What do you mean, [why do I sound so concerned]?" She snapped.

"Why must people parrot someone's question and act as if it's an answer?" Kaze scoffed on the other end. "Yes, why do you sound so concerned? I cannot provide support until I know why you sound like this."

She took a deep breath and closed her eyes to prevent yelling at him.

"Can I come to see you right now? I need to talk to you." Evalyn asked between her teeth.

"Your voice tells me the conversation will be rather bothersome." Kaze chuckled, "I'm very tired, and—"

"I'm coming to see you right now!" She snapped, "You better be at your home when I get there!"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Yes, mam." He replied charmingly, "I can never refuse a woman with so much passion. I'll make sure to heat up my—"

Click.

Evalyn cut the connection, dressed hurriedly, and ran to her private shuttle. As she glided down the streets, she chuckled in disbelief that she had memorized the route to his home.

She had only been there once.

Despite her aversions, she parked, immediately marched to his home, and knocked on the door.

"You act as if I locked the door when I knew you were coming." Kaze called out mockingly from the other side.

"Open this damn door!" Evalyn snapped.

"Are you deaf?" He scoffed in disbelief, "Or do you think my opening it will make your trip here more official?"

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, exhaled her murderous rage, and twisted the door nob. When she walked in, she froze.

Kaze was sitting on his perfectly pristine bed with one leg crossed over the other. His clothing was impeccable, and his face was just as relaxed as his voice.

"Seems you finally made it in." He chuckled, "Would you like some tea? I bought an electric kettle after work, and it's remarkably efficient at—"

"You left your client's home…." Evalyn began to snap, but she lowered her voice, "In that condition, you immediately went shopping for something to make tea?"

Kaze gave her a slight smile. "You're looking at the proof of that. So need you ask?"

She took a deep breath and averted her gaze. His voice was so charming and his actions so absurd that she couldn't stay angry!

He waved his hand to the two enclosed in a barrier of warping Qi.

"I'm not going to bite you. So just ask. Kaze, did you kill your clients and their entire self-defense bodyguard unit?" Kaze asked mockingly.

Evalyn closed her eyes. "Did you?"

"Are you incapable of asking?" He asked.

"Why are you like this!" She snapped.

"I'm just being who I am," Kaze echoed with a smile, "Surely that's more desirable than charming you and then showing my true nature, is it not?"

"You're a piece of work." Evalyn scoffed, "You charmed me, and now you're showing me your true nature. So echoing that statement is far beyond arrogant."

"Are you certain of that?" He mused, "You haven't even asked me if I did it."

"Kaze. Did you kill your clients and their guards?" She asked in annoyance.

"Of course. Why else would their home light on fireand everyone die within it?" Kaze asked mockingly.

Evalyn stared at him with a stunned expression.

"Kaze… why?" She whispered.

"Well, I was having marvelous sex with the man's wife when he decided to try kiling us both." Kaze said with a charming smile.

—

"Emperor! Emperor! Emper—AHHHHHHHHH~!" A redhead with a curvy body screamed in ecstasy. The two had only been having sex for 60 seconds before she lost her aversion to screaming out his name.

As a gentleman, he was duty-bound not to prevent her from expressing herself, so he let her continue screaming it for twenty minutes straight. Unfortunately, her husband didn't feel the same way.

He had been sitting outside the room for the entire experience, and his mind twisted.

"My marriage is ruined." He scoffed, "That whore is finally showing her true colors."

The man stood up, walked out of the hallway, and called the thirty guards he hired to the living room.

"Mr. Jacobs, what would you like of us?" A guard asked.

The man was Brandon Jacobs, the owner of successful nightclubs across the European Union. He had a well-groomed black haircut, a grey suit with a blue button-up, and murderous blue eyes.

At a glance, he looked excessively charming. Well dressed, muscular, and a million-dollar-smile. Yet compared to the illusion Kaze created for himself, he looked like a poser.

In looks, sex techniques, and charm, the man outclassed him.

His wife made that clear when she met Kaze and didn't hide her excitement. Now, after twent excruciating minutes of hearing her call out his name in bed, when she knew she was outside, his ego snapped.

"Gentlemen. He claimed this was strictly professional, yet he exceeded that, did he not?" Brandon asked coldly.

"I think so." A cultivator with a brown military haircut and dark brown eyes said.

"Isn't this sex cultivation? He informed us that it revolved around pleasure—"

"Shut up. You work for me. So you don't question me, Kyle." Brandon snapped, "Otherwise, I wouldn't have hired mercenaries. So tell me, gentlemen. Did you see a need for self-defense?"

"I did." The first guard said.

"Me as well." Another seconded.

"It was necessary." A third man, with shaggy black hair and a scar on his face, said.

"However, I do not see how we can protect you and attack a man of that caliber."

"What!? He's one man. Are you telling me thirty cultivators will have an issue defending themselves, Matthews?" Brandon snapped, "Then what did I hire you for?"

"I second his concern, sir." The original man said.

"Why, Tanner?" Brandon asked in irritation.

"Because we don't know how strong he is. Not just us; no one on earth can guess how strong he is. We're just now learning cultivation.

The difference between Mortal and Earth cultivation techniques is vast. If he has many Earth-grade techniques or higher, we'll get slaughtered.

So unless we trap him, we can't be certain you'll be safe."

Brandon ran his fingers through his hair. "Then trap him now, Tanner. That woman's a whore, and she's proven her disloyalty since she looked at the man."

"Are you certain, sir?" Tanner asked.

"Yes. Just do it, and we'll file the report immediately. I got my technique regardless, so it was worth it." Brandon replied.

The mercenary nodded and approached the room with machine guns. Tanner and Matthews walked with swords, and Kyle walled with gauntlets on his hands.

It had only been two weeks since cultivation came into the world, so only the elite used cultivation as their main weapon. These three were in that classification.

Kaze took a deep breath when he felt real killing intent coming from the hallway.

"One moment, love." He said to the redhead, wrapping her legs around his waist.

The emperor pulled out and stood up, facing the door nude.

The guards got into position. Tanner, Matthews, Kyle, and two others stood back, preparing to unleash cultivation techniques.

"Listen up!" The emperor yelled in a booming voice, "If you wish to court death, I suggest you let me finish up first!"

—

"So what did you do about it?" Evalyn asked with a twitching eyebrow.

"I killed them all, of course." Kaze replied with a slight smile.