Eric's team watched in horror as a bubble of warping Qi developed inside the phalanx.

All the Immortals immediately broke apart at lightning speed before—

BOOOOM!

The five closest to the blast got sent flying, one crashing into the ammo crate.

"Oh, my God…." Eric said in shock, watching the fire spreading everywhere, "That's the technique…."

"At least they're holding back while using it…." Denzel gulped, cold sweat dripping down his shoulder blades.

"How can we compete with that?" Jackson said with a crushed heart, "The last time we saw this, it killed thousands of zombies and collapsed a skyscraper. If others can use this—"

"They're not holding back." Kaze said straightly, his eyebrow twitching involuntarily, "Look at the wielder."

He didn't like expressing weaknesses; however, Kiera's overwhelming demonstration didn't just rattle everyone—it broke their will to fight. He had to undo that trauma since it was his fault he sent Kiera out with a technique she hadn't used offensively before. No, because he sent Kiera, period.

Kaze thought it would be fine because they had trained with Combustion as part of their daily Qi control training for over a week. However, he didn't consider that she had a heaven-grade technique and he asked her for a demonstration of force. After all, their training always focused on using minimal force!

"Wait, is that guy okay?" Eric asked, watching the attacker stumbling away.

"The Immortals started learning these techniques yesterday." Kaze explained, "Since he has very little control, he used everything he had on that one surprise attack like a fool. Now, he's paying the price.

While the shields will be okay, as their clothing is protected, he's suffering from Qi deprivation and could die. Not only that, his body is vulnerable."

-

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"AGhHhhH!" The man groaned, taking hits to his leg and spine, falling to the ground and twitching.

-

"Woah, will he be okay?" Moe cried, watching him twitching in horror.

"He's experienced spinal damage." Kaze replied bluntly, staring at the man with the God's Eyes technique, "However, he'll be fine. I'll heal him, but he must first experience the torment and lamentation of becoming paralyzed by his foolish decision.

There is no value or excuse for using cowardly suicide tactics for victory. It's despicable."

Everyone shuddered in horror, hearing the emperor's callous words and the man's terrified screams after Minor Healing didn't help him.

Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Che." Kaze scoffed, seeing trauma and hysteria spread to both sides, "It seems psychosis has infested our ranks."

He waved his hand and walked through a rift. A moment later, he appeared next to the broken cultivator, stunning the Lainwright soldiers.

After scolding him loudly for being a craven, dishonorable fool, he healed the man with golden light, and the man stood up with a regretted expression, walking off the battlefield and to his barracks. Before they knew what had happened, the emperor was next to them again.

"Have you lost track of the battle?" Kaze asked mockingly, seeing most watching the sullen man. However, Denzel was analyzing the battlefield.

"That… phalanx or whatever, it's already back up." Denzel said, looking at the white suits with their shields up, "I get that they switched out some people, but why put it up again? Didn't the other team just expose the weakness in it?"

"Excellent observation." The emperor said in pleasant surprise, "However, it's not weak; the Immortals were unprepared for such a sloppy suicide tactic. Keep watching, and you'll see."

A cultivator analyzing the battle from the woods snuck up and waved her hand. "[Combustion]!"

Another bubble of Qi developed in the phalanx. However, two people inside waved their hands, and a large gust of wind blew the compressed oxygen away.

VHOOOOAHHHhhHHhhHhh!

A horrifying wall of fire shot across the battlefield as the spark lit right before the wind attack.

Nevertheless, the shield-wielding soldiers were unconcerned. They stood behind the shields, breaking the hot air in their reinforced suits.

Meanwhile, the gunners inside the moving shield readied their aim.

Bang! Bang! Bang-bang-bang-bang-bang! Bang!

The Lainwright soldiers watched, stunned in disbelief, as a hail of bullets ripped into the forest at the black-clad cultivator. She was skillful, hiding behind a tree, but a bullet still hit her shoulder.

"This is hardcore." Chen grinned in surprise, "I kinda want to play now."

"One day you may if you follow the right path." Kaze smirked, pleased that he charmed the soldiers with his death match. The irony was grand.

"You said that they learned these techniques yesterday?" Layla asked nervously, "Is this really all it takes for your people to learn such techniques?"

"With the right resources, anyone can become great quickly." He chuckled in amusement.

The emperor directly transferred the technique to group leaders and gave everyone cultivation technique-bound chalk, both requiring skills learned in the Transcendental Plane.

He also had millennia of experience teaching people cultivation, and they had vision techniques to see weaknesses in others.

Lastly, they had a cocktail of supplementary skills that filled in gaps in cultivation techniques.

His Immortals were cheats, equal to having a system, as they didn't have to work hard to obtain new skills or techniques. Few could even be called [talented]. They were just at the right place at the right time with the best resources that a person could get.

"General Skye is one such resource." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "Those learning these techniques under her have likely made equal progress. She's a remarkable woman, that one."

The charismatic emperor's words switched their perspective on the notorious blonde.

After training, the emperor let them witness the breathing training and his three technique classes at the Exclusive.

"Emperor, do you start all of your classes with Qi-control training?" Denzel asked in confusion, observing the sexy~chalk used in all three classes.

"Of course I do." Kaze scoffed arrogantly, "Qi control is the essence of cultivation. If you cannot cultivate, how can you use cultivation techniques?"

Denzel opened and closed his mouth, not knowing how to put his concern into words.

"The way you teach Qi control seems… enjoyable." Moe cringed, trying to express herself without causing trouble, "Meanwhile, we're learning by running from thousands of zombies.

Am I wrong for thinking that's counterproductive?"

"Why would that be counterproductive?" The emperor smirked mockingly, "There's no better moment to understand the value, yes?"

"Yes, but learning the value isn't practice." The curly-haired brunette countered, "Learning what's important right before you die is pointless."

"Can you honestly say that as you stand before me?" Kaze asked mockingly, "As you breathe this air—alive—understanding the full value of Qi control."

All the soldiers developed wry smiles upon being reminded that they had survived.

"Three people died in your team." He asserted, boldly capturing their attention, "All three could run faster than the sick, had cultivation training, and had military-grade offensive techniques.

However, one was a deserter, another tried to kill a team member and the last hit himself with a technique in a dangerous location. The rest were at no risk of harm when my partner arrived.

I can see every factor that contributed to your survival, all of which stem from General Skye. However, I fail to see how her training assisted in their deaths. Will you elaborate on that?"

A wave of negative emotions assaulted the group, averting their gazes. They could finally see clearly—Evalyn was the sole reason they survived.

"It's natural to dislike someone who puts you through hell." Kaze said calmly, not pressing them for an answer, "However, there is no excuse for forgetting someone's value or striking a dragon suicidally."

Everyone took a deep breath in shame, realizing his point. In their hatred, suffering, and fear, they had lost track of the value of what Evalyn had done for them and thus acted irrationally.

"Alright, let's get some food at the Luxe." The emperor clapped with a grand smile.

The change of pace twisted their minds, but they followed in a daze as he led them to a mansion that doubled as a shopping mall! There were millions of items within it.

They couldn't believe their eyes as they ended up in the food court, where two cooks custom-made their orders.

"Immortal Skye doesn't wish to give a misperception that we're bribing you, so we cannot show you our red light district." Kaze smiled mysteriously, "However, if you earn General Skye's favor, you can go clubbing and have sex any night of the week for a fee."

Gulping men.

Shocked women.

Strange atmosphere.

Exasperation and disbelief.

"With that, your tour has ended." The emperor chuckled, "Tonight, a team of mercenaries will take you into the city to show you how to Scavenge. You'll part ways when they leave."

"We're going Scavenging with your mercenaries?" Denzel asked in confusion, "Why are you helping us?"

"We must make up for your lost time." Kaze smiled ominously, "However, we will not do it for free. You'll be playing a strong role in the operation."

All the soldiers looked at each other with cringing expressions. Somehow, they thought that their role would make Evalyn's task seem easy.