Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Professor Roybock turned her head with a blushing expression. "Kaze Lexicon, I'm your professor. You cannot say such things."

"Was." He replied charmingly, "Past tense, [Lady] Roybock. Now I'm just a man with an extra hour with an acquaintance."

She looked at him and turned away with a wry smile. "You're a workplace disaster, Kaze."

"Must you be so circuitous when you compliment me?" Kaze chuckled in amusement.

Lady Roybock puffed out her cheeks in annoyance and turned to him to snap but froze when she saw his smile.

The emperor's vibrant green eyes and charming smile were impossible to ignore. His light yellow t-shirt, tucked into his charcoal slacks, black designer belt, and shoes, were impeccable.

His body looked like a perfectly proportioned Greek god statue, only more attractive with his short, neatly tapered black hair cut.

"What do you want from me, Kaze?" Lady Roybock said.

"I am but a humble workplace disaster, Lady Roybock." Kaze replied charmingly, "The question is, what do [you] want from me?"

She gave him a wry smile. "I'm afraid that I cannot tell you such a thing. We're on campus property in a classroom with thin walls."

"Hoh? If you're afraid to tell me when people can hear, worry yourself no further." He chuckled while waving his hand.

The entire wall to the hallway warped, making the wall look as if it were underwater, and waves diffracted it, distorting the shape and magnification.

"W-What did you do?" Lady Roybock stuttered.

"Listen." Kaze chuckled.

She fell silent and listened and heard nothing from the bustling hallway. However, she could hear minor noises from the other side of the wall.

The emperor waved his hand, and the other walls began twisting and warping.

Everything fell dead silent.

Lady Roybock turned to him with wide eyes and slight fear.

"You needn't concern that you cannot leave." Kaze laugh-scoffed, "I can snap my fingers and make this spatial barrier disappear. However, no one can hear anything from this room while you're in it. Moreover, we're in a testing period, so no one will, anyway."

"Who are you, Kaze?" She asked in a low voice.

"A devilishly charming [male] cultivator." He replied with a cheeky voice.

"That doesn't answer my question, but it is a true statement." Lady Roybock laugh-scoffed in annoyance.

"Since you've gone out of your way to wear such beautiful jewelry today to feel like a woman, would you like me to help you [feel] like one?" Kaze mused while walking up to her slowly.

She turned to him with a gaping expression and a beating heart. "I…."

"You need only say the word, and I'll guide the rest." He said in a tone that left her mesmerized.

,m "T-This is extremely unprofessional." Lady Roybock said while tucking a lock of her neck-length brown hair behind her ear.

"If it bothers you, say the word, and this barrier will disappear." Kaze replied, "However, if it doesn't, then you needn't concern yourself. I proved myself intelligent enough to hide my true nature for this long. Do you think me incapable of hiding something like this from others?"

"Were you really hiding at the beginning of the semester?" She asked in interest.

"I assure you, Lady Roybock. Everything you're seeing was always within me." He chuckled, "It was only a matter of time before it showed."

Lady Roybock closed her eyes, and her chest rose and fell. "I don't know what to say or do. So don't expect anything from me."

Kaze smiled. "You needn't do a thing. Just express yourself."

His hands reached around her neck, and his fingertips touched the inside wings of her shoulder blades. The minute his fingers touched down, the tips lit up with pink light, and waves of pleasure washed over the professor as he glided his fingers around her shoulders.

"Mmhm~" Lady Roybock gasped. She didn't know how he made waves of pleasure shoot through her back in a complex network. However, she didn't question it.

Kaze glided his fingertips down her red shirt to her breasts.

"Mmhm~" She moaned slightly as his fingers teased the top of her breasts and then detoured, contouring the outside, leaving her annoyedly unsatisfied. It only increased her lust.

He continued tracing her side, tracing her feminine curves before wrapping around her sides and holding her lower back.

"Kaze…." Lady Roybock whispered, "Please don't make me voice my desires."

"Say no further." Kaze said in a mesmerising voice while gently picking her up.

She felt her body lift into the air effortlessly as if nothing was stopping her from floating, and a moment later, she felt herself touch down on a desk in a sitting position.

Her heart began beating faster as Kaze traced her thighs down to her shins, the bottom of her tight white pencil skirt.

Lady Roybock gasped for breath as he lifted it and stopped above her knees. She thought he might have stopped, but she felt his smooth wool slacks trace the inside of her legs before he continued.

Her breathing stopped as he pushed it to her lower thighs, and she could hear his breathing approaching her.

Without warning, his lips pressed against hers, and she opened her mouth, welcoming his tongue.

The emperor kissed her passionately, giving her the attention she felt in the last lecture but in a much more powerful way.

She released her inhibitions and grabbed the back of his neck, passionately kissing him and spreading her legs to accept him closer.

Kaze reached under the bottom of her shirt and pulled upward. Lady Roybock raised her hands, allowing the shirt to be ripped off her body.

Matching her passion, he ripped it off, threw it on the floor, unbuckled the grey laced bra from her generous chest, and threw it toward the shirt.

The interaction only took a few seconds while Lady Roybock unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants with the passion that screamed her desire for him to be inside her.

When she finished, she dropped his slacks, grabbed his luxurious red silk boxers, and tugged. However, she was left shocked, unprepared to face the resistance from his ten-inch penis.

He completed the action for her to match her desire and passion, not letting it die.

The second it was exposed, he pushed against her thighs to get close, reached beneath her skirt, and pushed her grey lace panties out of the way, clearing the path to sexual desire.

"I need you inside me, Kaze." Lady Roybock groaned in anticipation.

Kaze parted her lips with his head and inserted it up to the tip. "Your wish is my command, Lady Roybock."

"KazeeeeeeeeAhhhhhh!~" She screamed in pleasure, snapping her eyes open in fear that her scream could be heard.

He smiled and waved his hand, creating an igloo-sized barrier around them, closing out all noise from her computer and the fan in the corner of the room.

Once his demonstration was clear, she looked around. "This is sureeeeeeeEAL!~"L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Lady Roybock screamed in pleasure as he thrust inward again. He pushed his finger to her forehead, and a new study of desire, theory, study, and practice entered her mind.

"I-I never knew." She whispered as she sorted through the information.

"But you will." Kaze said with a charming smile.

"I-I can't belieeeeeeeve~!" Lady Roybock screamed, closing her keys shut and screaming downward to handle the incense pleasure she received.

Her body glowed in pink light as the warping Qi distorting the grey space around her drew to her body. It slowly marbled with the pink aura, turning it white on its journey into her body.

Kaze thrust his lips back onto hers as the two established a spiritual connection. Their two auras danced together in the warping space as he pleasured her, making her disconnect her lips and send a passionate scream to the sky.

She felt her entire body melt away as the two melded together, making them one. He closed his eyes, carefully leading her through the stages of cultivation, passionately teaching her body how to cultivate.

Their inner bodies passionately made love for fifteen minutes as the two spiritual bodies turned pure black and white. When they were ready, she understood the value.

"K-Kaze, don't cum in me. I cannot get pregnant." Lady Roybock gasped.

"You cannot get pregnant unless I let you." Kaze replied with a smile, touching her forehead to teach her the technique to remove fertility.

While it amazed her, she didn't feel comfortable. "While I can see you can do it, I won't be able to sleep. Please let me accept your Yang Qi elsewhere."

"Say no further, Lady Roybock." He said while pulling himself from her body.

"It's Frances." She demanded while standing, pushing her hands on his chest and falling to her knees.

Kaze chuckled before he felt her smooth mouth close around him. She wasn't very experienced, but her passion felt charming to him.

He closed his eyes and helped guide her Yin Yi through her saliva, allowing it to enter his body through their spiritual connection before—

A torrent of hot liquid filled her mouth. She accepted it greedily, allowing it to fill her mouth until it couldn't accept more.

She closed her eyes and waited until she couldn't hold more, and he stopped his stream, allowing her time to look him in the eyes before swallowing. Then she opened her mouth to accept more.

Frances rolled her tongue around his member, accepting as much as possible.

Power welled in her body in a tidal wave, gently opening her meridians as light warping Qi that Kaze controlled entered her body.

Once completed, she snapped out of her trance and looked up at Kaze, hesitant to look him in the eye. As a professor, she gave into lust and desperately slept with a student.

Kaze laughed in amusement, causing her to look at him in confusion.

"Frances." He said charmingly, making her blush, "There's still another thirty minutes left. If you needlessly worry about your reputation now, you won't enjoy the rest of our closed testing period together."