"Kneel." The emperor ordered frigidly, holding his finger and thumb together.

SNAP!

"AGHhhHHhHHh!" Elsa screamed, dropping to her knees under 30 G's of gravitational force. Glass shattered, and metal groaned and crumpled under the pressure. "W-What is this!? W-Wha—"

Her voice disappeared when an invisible force sucked all the carbon dioxide from the air.

"Silence." Kaze ordered coldly, "Your vain protests fall upon deaf ears. So save your breath, as it's a fleeting privilege."

Elsa's eyes trembled, feeling an overwhelming fear and terror in her heart.

The emperor turned his head to the others. "I take it you seek—"

WHooOOoR-GROOOOAN!

Multiple vehicles were uprooted from their position and flew at the group, revealing multiple cultivators with massive guided arrows drawn. However—

BOOOOOOOM!

"AGAHhhHHHhhH!" Elsa screamed in agony, freezing the cultivators, "PLEASE! GET IT OFF!"

When a truck flew into the gravity field above the woman, it crashed to the earth with 30 G's of gravity, twisting and groaning on her body. It was a brutal sight.

"Hmmm… how artistic." Kiera mused, finger to her lips, "Friendly fire flattened the floozy, frightening five feeble fascists formulating fight or flight strategies."

"RELEASE HER!" Varis roared.

"WE'LL SHOOT IF YOU DON'T!" Zoe screamed.

"NOW!" Brandon demanded.

"Now they're freaking out." The slang-riddler remarked, "It's like a fraternity fucked Felicia and forgot; now they're fending off fatherhood and a ferocious flogging simultaneously. Fa~scinating."

WHoooOOooOOSH!

A Guided Arrow shot through the area. However, as it bypassed the gravity field, it abruptly curved to the left.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!

To the cultivators' shock, the arrow shot straight through the twisting car and hit the brunette, breaking her ribs. As a lower Heaven Realm cultivator, it didn't kill her instantly. However, the fractured ribs shattered under the brutal gravity, turning her ribs into shrapnel that pierced her lungs.

Kylie, Marilyn, and Addison were also shocked, looking at Kiera and twisting her invisible nob to 9 PM, where Elsa was trapped. They turned to Kaze but found his face devoid of apathy or frustration.

"If ANYONE shoots at my man again, I'll murder all of you." Kiera declared coldly, "That woman and Mr. Blackhead were toast the moment they suggested attacking us—now he's extra toast for shooting at us."

"Wait, don't shoot, Trent!" Varis yelled, but it was too late. The man shot a second arrow, triggering Marilyn to wave her hand in panic, creating a Qi Wall.

BOOM!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Air pressure shot through the area when the two collided, sending glass shards and dirt everywhere.

"Great work, Marilyn." Kaze smiled, seeing her breathing hard with a pulsating heart.

"Thank you, but we're gaining battle experience." Marilyn smiled wryly, "I didn't have the resolve to shoot him first."

"In battle, you should prioritize your survival first, so focusing on your strengths is vital." He shook his head, "Now that you've regained the initiative, you can focus on your skills."

The sexy brunette nodded, taking a deep breath.

"Help, you idiots!" Trent cried in horror, seeing the other cultivators frozen with conflict. The emperor was negotiating with them—just not the black-haired cultivator, for obvious reasons. "Fuck this!"

The cultivator turned and kicked off the ground, flying through the air.

"Now?" Marilyn asked, creating an arrow with a wincing expression.

"Yes, I'm protecting you." Kaze replied, "So just focus on hitting him; only that and nothing more."

The sexy brunette swallowed, fighting against her natural aversion to killing. After a split second of hesitation, she waved her hand.

Varis and his soldiers watched in horror as the arrow flew across the sky, following the man with pinpoint precision. Following the soldiers' training, he flew up, curved, and tried to turn around, as Guided Arrows couldn't move backward.

However, to his dismay, the arrow trailed his movements as if anticipating them. So when he curved up and slowed to turn, the arrow pierced his gut, blowing a hole through it.

The cultivators could only watch in disbelief as blood rained from the sky, signaling the man's fall like a firework as he lost consciousness and spiraled to the ground.

Lieutenant Brandon Davis, the older cultivator with graying hair, tried to fly after him. However, he felt a bubble of oxygen warp around his body, making him feel high.

"Don't move." Kylie ordered, priming the area with flammable oxygen, "That man attacked us and paid the price; he will not survive this encounter. However, you can, so I suggest you start negotiating."

Brandon turned around slowly, taking sharp breaths to keep focused. His nervous system screamed for him to run, but his brain battled against it, fighting an internal war. "I'm complying."

As he watched the scene unfold, Varis felt like his intestines were collapsing in on themselves. The women were using his soldiers as training puppets! It made him ill.

However, prejudice against mortals aside, he wasn't a fool. It only took one demonstration of force to realize he couldn't win a battle against Kaze. However, he was confident he could fight against the women so long as he could avoid the strange counter-attacks of the pink-haired woman.

Varis was a battle-tested cultivator while three struggled to kill for the first time, and the blonde under the parasol was on the edge of a mental breakdown!

So since he could withstand their pressure, and Kiera was only counterattack, he felt confident about at least fleeing. However, the male leader was a different story.

His gravity attack was on par with a divine technique called Exodus Blaze, utilized by a famous Cultivation Lord named Olivia Rose. While it didn't have blue flames, it had the same crushing force that dominated armies before the flames came. The cultivator didn't have a chance of winning if it was a technique at that level.

"What do you want to negotiate over?" Varis asked with a grave expression.

"Negotiation was my partner's term." Kaze smiled ominously, "I offer everyone an ultimatum that is not mutually exclusive; your decision is not contingent upon the acceptance of the other three.

The ultimatum is simple: join us and live a prosperous life of opportunity or die by my partners' hands."

A wave of anxiety crashed into the cultivators, looking into the emperor's demonic green eyes. They could tell that he was serious to his core.

"I provide cultivation techniques, tempering resources, elemental meat, body constitutions, and training to my loyal followers." He continued, "And in forty years, they will ascend to the Sky Plane with incredible power on the winning side. Considering you lack leverage for negotiation, it's a generous offer."

"Stop acting magnanimous; you want the information to save you from the Killian Empire." Varis alleged, "But it's futile. They will reap your souls next month at the latest, so I won't betray my people to save my hide for a few more weeks."

"While I find your spirit commendable, your assertions are false." The emperor replied, "We will not lose to the Killian empire, and I will not request anyone to fight against their past allies. Since I lack time, I will also not require you to divulge secrets to obtain amnesty."

The cultivators were stunned by his assertion.

"Do you think I would fall for such a frilly promise?" Varis scoffed, "You claim that you will accept us, enemy spies, to live amongst your people? If that's true, you're just as delusional as your victory claim suggests."

"I-It's true!" A sharp female voice cut through the stifled air, "Emperor Lexicon has a technique that ties betrayal to death. So you can live freely and enjoy trust because you cannot betray them."

A sharp pain cut into the man's gut, gripping his intestines and twisting. "Private Ryas?"