"We have four Heaven Realm cultivators, a Divine Realm divine beast, and nearly 3,600 Sky Plane cultivators on site, and the element of surprise." Sage said chillingly, "Let's just kill them."

Jake analyzed the ranks of cultivators flying to Immortal Skye. There were ninety-five Sky Plane cultivators and five Heaven Realm cultivators. While they were low in number, they had battle experience, could fly, and were prepared to kill.

By contrast, most Immortals had little battle experience, an aversion to killing, and cultivator-related trauma after Mary attacked Immortal Skye. Simply seeing a hundred flying people wearing togas would trigger a mass panic.

It was a serious situation. However, there were some lines he wouldn't cross.

"No." Jake replied, "We will hear them out before we attack them."

"This isn't a time for morality or indecisiveness, Jake." Sage said coldly, "These enemies killed [billions] without thinking, always rushing in expecting to pour water on an ant hill. They're here to kill us.

With Crux here, trapping them will guarantee everyone survives. However, if you let battle-experienced war criminals into these walls, at least a dozen people will die."

"You're right, Sage." Jake sighed, turning her coldly, "But that's not how we do things here.

Immortal Skye aims to bring modern technology and civilized law to the Sky Plane; that starts with avoiding apathetic massacres."

"We're not dealing with civilized people, Jake." She scoffed, "These people only respect people if they lose in battle; they're as civilized as the barbarians that attacked Rome.

If you let these people in the walls, they will attack us—that's just how it is. In times like this, it's best to be apathetic and rational like Kaze to save your people."

"Kaze is callous towards his enemies, not apathetic, Sage." Jake replied coolly, "He doesn't distinguish between his enemies and has no concern for their feelings, emotions, or situations. However, they're not his enemies by default, even when they pose threats.

Apathy is unfeeling indifference to people, seeing all mortals as weak ants or all Killians as genocidal enemies. That mindset triggered this apocalypse; even if it costs lives, I refuse to continue it."

"The blood of the dead is on your hands." Sage replied coldly, turning around and walking away, "Make sure everyone knows that after this is over."

"I'm doing the right thing." The regent whispered to reassure himself, eyes closed, "It's the best move. Just prepare, and everything will work out."

***

Jake, Veronica, Sage, and Lieutenant General Michaels waited outside the southside gates with twenty ex-special forces Immortals. It was a small welcome party to greet a hundred Sky Plane cultivators, five of whom were Heaven Realm.

Despite the party's small size, the descending cultivators didn't scoff at it. They knew that a serious enemy was lurking on the Mortal Plane, and the presence of three Heaven Realm mortals proved it. It meant that their backer was strong enough to have techniques and teach them.

The leader of the cultivators was a brunette with a shaggy pixie cut that tapered on the sides, giving a sharp, messy hair look on top but gradually shortening down the sides until it was the length of a male haircut. While the haircut was boyish, her soft cheekbones, slightly rosy cheeks, and long eyelashes made her look feminine.

Among the ninety-nine cultivators, her toga stood out the most. She had cut it at the end so that it angled down her right thigh after she tied it, creating a seductive V between her knees. She tied it tightly around her waist, completing a wrap dress look, bringing out her hips and slender features.

"My name is Major Roxy Alexander Grace," She announced grandly, giving her an arrogant yet charming air like Kaze. "Who is the leader here?"

"I'm the acting leader of Immortal Skye." Jake said calmly, forcing his lungs to push back his short breaths and pounding heart, "My name is Director Hays; may I ask why Sky Plane cultivators are visiting us?"

"I am seeking to negotiate with your real leader as a delegate of my people." Roxy announced smoothly, studying the man, "Where are they right now?"

Veronica narrowed her eyes, seeing how shrewdly the woman was mining for information. She tried to answer for her partner or warn him, but he touched her hand to calm her down.

"We cannot divulge our leader's location or estimated arrival time to you, as we do not know either." Jake replied calmly, "However, they are returning today between now and midnight. Therefore, you should return tomorrow, as they will be here all day."

Sage and Veronica were taken aback by the adroit answer, which created a sense of unease and insecurity that Kaze could return at any time. He also didn't disclose their leader's gender and mitigated confrontations for refusing information.

"We traveled a long way to speak to him on urgent business." Roxy narrowed her eyes, sensing that he was withholding information from her, "Surely you can estimate a timeline for his arrival based upon his activity. Is he traveling to discuss matters with others, hunting, or—"

"I do not have that information, either." Jake interjected after gulping discreetly.

The Sky Plane cultivators scoffed and heated up, feeling murderous intent boiling in their blood. However, the major calmed them down with a motion of their hand.

"Are you saying that your leader wouldn't give [you], the acting leader of this settlement, information on his actions or estimated arrival?" Roxy asked dangerously, "I fail to see why someone would be so irresponsible as to do that. So it's hard not to suspect you of lying to us."

"There's nothing irresponsible about it." Jake replied coldly, his burning loyalism fighting against his fear, "Our leader hides such information, so we can't disclose it. After all, if people knew the leader was gone, they might get ideas to attack in their absence."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

A bolt of complex emotions shot through the cultivators like lightning. Mixed emotions welled within them, simultaneously fearful of being called out and resentful at the implied accusation.

"That's fair." Roxy smiled chillingly, "Then perhaps may I request that you let us stay here while we wait?"

Anxiety gripped the Immortals, awaiting their leader's decision. It was a complex situation that had a variety of consequences.

Naturally, they would be welcoming enemies into their base. However, things weren't so simple.

Immortal Skye wasn't Troy. No one could prevent the cultivators from flying over the walls. However, it wasn't a symbolic gesture; letting them in would allow the cultivators to poise for a surprise attack.

Refusing the cultivators' entry would trigger potentially avoidable hostilities and endanger them in a direct collision. Unlike the other cultivators, their guests weren't as cocky. That meant there was room to prevent hostilities with Kaze's ambiguous status as a bargaining chip.

There wasn't a good answer. However, Jake felt needlessly triggering a violent conflict with them would be no different from attacking them outright. Since he had decided to negotiate civilly, he took a deep breath.

"So long as you abide by our security measures and treat us with good faith, you are welcome to stay here until our leader returns," Jake replied, motioning to the guards on the tower to open the gates. "Please come in; we will treat you to a meal befitting of honored dignitaries."

Sage frowned and took a deep breath. However, her disappointment turned to perplexity when she saw the cultivators' faces staring into Immortal Skye as the steel gate opened.

Shock.

Aggressive bewilderment and shock were the only expressions painted on Roxy and her soldiers' faces as the walls opened.