The shockwave from Major Reed creating a counter-rotational force shattered most shields and sent heaven and sky realm cultivators flying like rag dolls. However, it was nowhere near the destructive force of the technique hitting them--it was a divine-grade technique! Not just any divine technique, either: one known for decimating armies like a massive blender!

The gravitational force behind it made Jake black out for a split second, causing a horrifying expansion of the hyper-compressed cyclone until he regained control. However, there was no way he could contain the wind that had escaped before he regained control over the magnet.

Everyone shut their eyes when it blasted outward. The only exception was Roxy, standing behind the technique's shield, protecting Jake. As a result, she could see what everyone else missed.

An ink drop, the size of a soccer ball, dropped onto the hyper-compressed cyclone. The moment it touched, it wrapped around it, like dipping a candy apple in black licorice until it fully contained the wind.

BOOM!

The pressure inside expanded it, creating a controlled explosion that sent everyone flying backward, including the blonde major, whose shield flew out of the ground.

Thud! Thud-thud-thud! BOOM!

"Gah!" Major Reed groaned as her back slammed into a boulder, making her spit out blood. She laughed when she saw the blood, leaving her with a strange smile--self-deprecating with a hint of nostalgia. After all, she thought she could survive the attack by accepting it head-on--that was an arrogant assertion.

Maybe she could have if she could shield it, but the wind blew her shield out of the damn ground! As a result, she got shredded from the back and hurled into space at high speed. It would have shredded her if it were a real attack; she realized the difference between her and divine techniques was more than heaven and earth.

The cultivators couldn't respect or plan for the strength of a divine technique. After all, few had ever seen one! Everyone with one was renowned--nearly legendary--and they only fought in major battles due to their political positions.

Therefore, everyone was stunned equally. However, it wasn't something that experienced cultivators ruminated over in battle. They may have survived, but it didn't change that they were in enemy territory surrounded by thousands of Immortals!

"That fucking brat," Major Reed groaned, standing with a wobbly gait. "He nearly killed all my fuckin' men, and that traitorous bitch helped him. I might not kill him, but he's sure as fuck not coming out of this unscathed!"

While she started at a slow speaking pace, her words built up momentum as her temper grew. It was a major problem in her life she tried to control. However, after surviving a nuclear attack from an idiot--in enemy territory--after being betrayed, she didn't care.

"GAH!" Major Reed roared, shooting forward. "FUCK YOU AND EVERYTHING!"

She rushed across the previously grassy area, now a dune of dirt and uprooted boulders, riddled with groaning Immortals and cultivators.

"Don't do it, Harper!" Roxy screamed.

"If you think I won't at least beat that kid's ass before I kill you, you're out of your fuckin' mind!" the blonde screamed, blitzing the brunette pixie, protecting Jake with her body.

"Strong enemy!" Roxy yelled, communicating the most straightforward message imaginable.

"Eh?" Major Reed hiccuped unintelligibly, feeling a crushing blow to her heart.

An enemy? A strong one?

Oh, that's right--they ran a covert operation because their enemy's leader was too strong. Now, after everything that had happened--after helping her enemy and getting betrayed--she was running into them? Before she could kill Roxy for being a traitorous bitch?

Hah. That level of soul-crushing irony was a reminder of why cultivators didn't help others.

It was too late for her. She had already made her intentions known, and she was running too fast to reverse course.

BOOOOM!

Ten feet from Jake's unconscious body, a massive dirt wall separated the two, and she ran into it. It wasn't a real wall; it was a fortified shield. So when the blonde collided with it, she felt like a mortal crashing into a steel support beam.

"GUuuuhHhH...." Major Reed groaned. The impact rocked her head, making her dizzy. She was lucky that she got a warning; she would have cracked her head open had she dived for an attack.

The brutish blonde rolled onto her side, trying to regain her senses. She was on a battlefield and couldn't afford to lose her senses; otherwise, it would be game over. Still, she felt like she was trapped in a vacuum; it was eerily silent, making her feel like the blackness had swallowed her.

In that static, dream-like state, she heard a wave of excited voices humming as she attempted to open her eyes. Not one or two, but dozens, hundreds--no, perhaps even a thousand.

"LADY PYRON!"

"Lady Pyron!"

'lady pyron."

"Lady Pyron!"

"Lady Pyron? As in... Crux Pyron?" Major Reed laughed strangely. "That woman's here, after all? Or am I just dreaming?"

Profound images of a proud and powerful princess popped into her psyche. Crux Pyron: a peerless prodigy turned warrior phenom and a polished lady who protected her prominent people. Pristine--the pinnacle of perfection.

The blonde fought to open her eyes, eager to see if she was truly there. However, when her eyes opened, she saw a strange sight instead.

In lieu of a prideful princess in a kimono or toga, she saw a short woman wearing yoga pants and a ridiculous green frog hoodie walking up to Roxy, who was shaking uncontrollably.

Major Reed was confused, looking at Roxy Alexander Grace--a proud warrior and diplomat--trembling before a cartoonish character. Was it Crux? It couldn't be!

The blonde didn't need to see what was under the woman's hood--she knew it wasn't her! Crux Pyron wouldn't get caught dead looking like a slime on any plane! She was a goddamn princess, for fucks sake!

It gnawed at her, but there was no relief. The hooded figure walked up to the brunette pixie who had forgotten she was protecting Jake, holding onto him like a body pillow. Without talking, she put a pair of black leather zip-up heel boots under the pixie's shoulder and lightly--yet decisively--kicked her off Jake's body.

The cute mystery woman studied him carefully, monitoring his breathing and Qi intake. After confirming he was still alive, she looked at Roxy with a complex expression. The pixie was bleeding profusely from her stomach and back, and her stylish toga had partially shredded from protecting Jake after her shield broke. The hooded figure scoffed and waved her hand at ghostly speed.

"GuahHHhhHhhah!" Roxy screamed, her insides twisting as a green light radiated from her body, creating wisps in an intricate network.

"W-What are you doing to her!?" Major Reed snapped like a wounded animal, standing up with adrenaline and anger pulsing in her veins. Her fight with the pixie was a personal internal matter; she wouldn't let an enemy kill her, let alone torture her!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Roxy's soldiers shared her feelings, pushing themselves back up. The blast hadn't hurt them much, as they were further away from it. So the twenty Heaven Realm cultivators stood, surrounding the woman before their majors.

"Fools," the cute woman scoffed in disdain. "[Eclipse]."