Evalyn lost control looking at him and aggressively pushed her lips on his. His eyes widened in shock, and he wanted to throw her off, but he couldn't. No, he didn't want to.

He reached up and embraced her cheek, pulling her into a less awkward position as he opened his mouth, allowing her tongue to enter.

She immediately pushed forward, passionately kissing him between gasping breaths.

They kissed on the ground for three minutes, engaged in deep passion.

Evalyn disconnected her mouth and took a sharp breath. "Kaze, please take me. I want to experience sex before the world goes to hell… before this feeling becomes impossible."

Kaze closed his eyes and took a few breaths before turning back to her.

"Evalyn, I know you want that as much as I do." He said seriously, "But I'll continue sleeping with women tomorrow, the next day, and the next. You're not going to change that, so I don't want to hurt you by giving false perceptions."

Her mood dropped instantly, and a cool feeling washed over her. "Can't you cultivate with me?"

"Of course, I can." He laughed breathlessly, "It would be the fastest way for us both to gain power."

"Then why not? There won't be anyone on this plane more powerful." Evalyn asked in bitter confusion.

"Because I became a dual cultivator to cope with your death, and I've been this way for thousands of years." Kaze replied before taking a deep breath.

"Think of your habits at nineteen, then live your life with the same habits two hundred times."

Evalyn's eyes widened in shock. She wasn't prepared for his admission.

"So instead of hurting yourself by offering yourself and then feeling cheated on, just try to love me for who I am, not who you wish I were." He requested.

"It's not that easy." She replied with a bitter expression.

"Trust me, Evalyn." Kaze chuckled half-heartedly, "I know."

A static pulse ripped through Evalyn's body when she pieced together his words. She looked into his eyes and saw a deep pain he hid from the world.

"Kaze… are the emotions I feel from you directed solely on my past self?" Evalyn asked.

Kaze laughed and gently pushed her off of him.

"Not at all. I love the same things about the current you as I did the old you." He said gently, "That's why I refuse to hurt you with my [de-baucherous ways]."

He cheekily emphasized the last words as he stood and shook his red silk boxers to get the dirt off them.

Evalyn laughed bitterly but couldn't stay angry. He somehow twisted her emotions until she was accepting again.

Kaze walked over to his backpack and started pulling out clothing.

"Hey, Kaze?" She called out.

The emperor turned to face her. "Yes?"

Evalyn's blushed furiously, causing him to look down. His ten-inch member was hanging down, proof that she assaulted him with a blizzard of razor blades ten minutes prior.

Kaze looked back up at her blushing face again. "Why are you so mortified? Isn't this what you wanted thirty seconds ago?"

"Yeah, I did. Now I'm praticing not wanting it. So cover up, you ass!" She snapped.

He laughed and turned around and continued pulling out his clothes.

"Women. So powerful yet oh so sensitive." Kaze chuckled while stripping his boxers and putting on new ones.

Evalyn snuck glances at his body. She couldn't help it and knew he didn't mind.

Once he finished dressing, he turned around with a charming smile. "Now, come. There's a long way to the top of that mountain."

His voice was so hypnotic that she didn't realize he was announcing something. She turned around, following the finger he was pointing.

Evalyn's eyes widened in shock when she saw what he was pointing at.

"M-Mount Limon?" She stuttered, "We're an hour flight to the base of that mountain!"

Kaze chuckled and gave her a cheeky smile. "I told you there was a long way."

"You're serious?" Evalyn asked hesitantly.

"Of course. Would you like me to princess carry you?" He asked mockingly.

The blonde puffed out her cheeks and replied sarcastically. "Yes."

"If that's what you wish." Kaze replied with a malicious smile.

"W-Wait, I was joking—KAZE!" Evalyn cried as he circled her at a ghostly speed and scooped her into his arms.

She struggled at first but lost vitality when she saw him moving in the daylight. Trees passed them at a dizzying rate, but the running didn't feel bumpy.

Evalyn looked down and saw that Kaze was moving in leaps fifteen feet or longer and only slowing down from the need to avoid trees.

"You look like you're gliding…." She whispered.

"I am. Just wait until you can fly." Kaze replied with a slight smile.

"F-Fly!?" Evalyn cried.

"You heard correctly. So don't make me go deaf." He said while rolling his eyes.

"Wait, you mean like those… ants?" She asked.

Kaze gave her an evil grin. "Exactly. Now hold on."

"Hold on? Wait, KAZE, WAIT!" Evalyn yelled in sheer fear as he jumped off a cliff, closing her eyes and gripping his chest, preparing for impact.

However, no impact ever came. Evalyn opened her eyes and saw new trees passing by her.

"Wait… why didn't we touch the ground?" She asked.

"Oh, that? We're gliding on Qi." Kaze chuckled, "I just jumped to the ground yesterday to show off."

"I knew it!" Evalyn snapped. However, she did find it amusing, so she let go and watched the scenery pass.

The farther they went, the more she trusted him. She felt comfortable in his arms.

Once the two reached a road, Kaze grinned. He picked up the pace, using a movement technique to maximize their speed.

Evalyn's eyes shot open as they accelerated, and her heart started pumping.

As he ran, the two reached forty miles an hour, and he didn't stop for anything. They sped through farmland, forests, and all other terrains at the same speed.

They flew through the area for hours, leaving her comfortable and relaxed.

Evalyn giggled as she watched Kaze disregard no trespassing signs with their owners in sight. He didn't even blink at them and continued moving as they came yelling.

She laughed when he jumped over shuttles on the roads and passed through small towns, bewildering the townsfolk.

Kaze did everything with the same ambivalent expression and didn't calm down when they reached Mount Limon. He kept running, disregarding trails, fences, and signs along the way.

They didn't slow down until they reached the timberline. There was snow on the ground and a chilly breeze.

Evalyn exhaled, and hot steam rose from her breath. Yet she didn't feel cold, and her arms didn't have goosebumps. The sight was surreal proof of her changes.

After another five minutes of navigation, Kaze looked around. "This will do."

He turned around, and she saw what was hidden behind his chest.

"Wow…." Evalyn said while looking over the mountain. The sun was setting over the horizon, turning the white mountain into a sea of oranges, reds, and blues.

She could see the cityscape and everything behind it as well.

It finally occurred to her that they were on one of the largest mountains in the world. The two shouldn't be able to breathe without gas masks, yet they casually overlooked the area from the top as if it were only natural.

Kaze let her down, pulled a blanket out of his backpack, and laid it on the ground.

Evalyn giggled at how gentlemanly he was and sat on it.

"Are we coming here for a romantic date?" She mused.

Kaze's slight smile became wry. "No, we're here to cultivate."

"Cultivate? Doesn't my physique allow me to do that wherever?" She looked at him in confusion.

"It can. We're here because the next influx of Qi occurs an hour from now." He said solemnly, "So we're cultivating it at its purest because we can handle it."

Evalyn looked into his solemn eyes. She turned back to face the world and chose her words carefully. "Other people won't be able to, even at the bottom. Will they?"

Kaze nodded. "They won't. People will start getting very sick after the influx. Even those who haven't shown symptoms of Qi Sickness will fall ill."

Her eyes trembled. "What about my family?"

"I don't know. But to prevent issues, you should teach your mother the cultivation technique that I'm posting online and tell your uncle to do so with his wife and kids." He said.

"Is it a special technique?" Evalyn asked.

Kaze shook his head. "No, it's just a flashy upper-mortal-grade technique. However, only those who can cultivate it can enter Immortal Skye, no exceptions."

"You're serious…." She whispered.

"Yes. If there's even one exception, the faction will devolve into chaos, and members will demand to bring their family and friends." He said.

"When I refuse, the faction members will turn on your mom due to favoritism claims. Bodies will pile up, and only raw force will keep order."

Evalyn's eyes filled with shock. "But you're the faction leader and the strongest person. Who would be foolish enough to question you?"

Kaze looked into her eyes. "Desperate people. The weak will summon all of their resources to force the strong to do what they want; they'll trample upon your generosity, spit on your intentions, and smother you with their desires."

"Don't you think your viewpoint is a bit… extreme?" She asked hesitantly.

"Wait a week and ask me that again." He scoffed.

"In the meantime, teach cultivation to your family and don't help people.

No exceptions. It's better if you don't learn these lessons the hard way."

Evalyn nodded and turned to him as the sun passed over the horizon. "Kaze… will you kiss me one last time before the Qi influx?"

Kaze smiled and turned to her. "Just this once."

He caressed her cheek and then guided them forward until their lips met. The kiss felt like it lasted forever, and they reveled in it.

After they disconnected their lips, Kaze pointed into the distance. "It's almost time."

Evalyn sat back down and watched the horizon where he was pointing. Ten minutes later, a white warp gate opened in the sky, flooding Earth with bright white light.

Not just there. She could see dozens of warp gates opening in the skies above them from the mountain.

"Get into position, Evalyn." Kaze instructed while entering the lotus position.

Evalyn gave him a worried glance and then closed her eyes. "Ready."

Less than a minute later, massive pulses ripped through the earth. When the first hit Evalyn, her heart stopped momentarily, and she clutched her chest.

The snow in their area rose from the earth as Qi pulled it toward her in a misty vortex.

"Breathe, Evalyn." Kaze instructed, "If you don't control your Qi intake your the Crystal Divinity technique will push Qi into your meridians until you die. Don't forget that using frost tempering will also kill you if you don't regulate it carefully."

Evalyn opened her eyes to face him. When she did, she saw the entire area warping.

There was an invisible wall preventing a blizzard tornado from reaching them.

She immediately got her breathing under control and summoned the Crystal Divinity blueprint in her mind to regulate her breathing.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"I'm ready." Evalyn said.

"Okay. Take in deep breaths and prepare for hell." Kaze replied.

He released his barrier, and two vortexes instantly crashed into each other, turning their worlds crystalline white.