"Hello, Sammy. You're looking lovely today." Kaze said with a charming smile. He was wearing a light pink button-up again with two buttons undone, highlighting a portion of his chiseled chest.

His charcoal grey slacks accentuated the color, making it pop. The daring look was increasingly attractive to the women, and quite a few men began dressing like him.

Sammy, the cute brunette with dark brown hair on Evalyn's tennis team, blushed. The anxiety on her face instantly melted.

She wore a cute pink tank top and leggings with white tennis shoes that day, and slight sweat glistened off her body from the sun in the summer heat.

"Hey… Leon." Sammy said with her half-closed fist in front of her mouth.

"You looked a bit distressed a moment ago." Kaze said, "Are you worried about the police?"

She turned away in embarrassment. "Yes. My parents are, but I told them you were a cultivator like you said, and they acquiested. But they said I'd be in trouble if the cops cited them."

The two were in the joint park area of a gated community on the city's north side. It was a wealthy area, and the park was between two sets of high-class housing skyscrapers.

It was the length of a block but had a park atmosphere. It was perfect.

Kaze gave her a mysterious smile. "If you keep a secret, I'll show you what I'll give the cops that show up."

Sammy's eyes lit up in excitement. "Is it something official? Like a permit?"

"Do you think a document will make problems go away?" The emperor scoff-laughed, "No, I prepared to hand them real power."

Her eyes widened in surprise when he pulled out a piece of folded paper from his pocket.

"I-Isn't that the emperor's technique?" Sammy asked with trembling eyes when he unfolded it.

Kaze gave her a mysterious smile. "Yes, it is. However, I marked this one up with a little trick for people to understand it better. Here, give it a look."

Sammy took the sheet of paper from her hand, and he stealthfully touched her head.

"W-Wh…." Sammy tried reacting to the feeling on her forehead, but a waterfall of information crashed into her mental sphere, leaving her dazed in a trance. "I-I got… I understand it!"

"See?" Leon said with a slight smile, "With this trick, I can give people the key to Immortal Skye. Who's going to refuse this to shut down a party?"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The brunette's light brown eyes widened in shock. "T-That's amazing, Kaze. You… you get more and more amazing every time I see you."

Kaze laugh-scoffed breathlessly. "I'm the same amount of amazing, you're just realizing it more and more."

"I guess that's true, isn't it?" Sammy giggled.

"Hey, Kaze… Where do you want the kegs?" Jake asked nervously while carrying a keg on his shoulder effortlessly. He was wearing a slight grey button-up, neatly pressed and starched.

On his legs were tan chinos, perfectly fitted to his legs with one inch at the bottom rolled up, proof Kaze helped him dress beforehand. He also wore a black leather belt and matching designer shoes.

Seeing the man walking around with a keg on his shoulder without wrinkling his shirt was surreal.

Veronica, the black-haired woman who took an interest in [Payton], watched him with keen interest. His effortless strength was reminiscent of Kaze, who she unwisely judged as untouchable.

She came early wearing a tight black skirt, a white v-neck, a silver necklace, and a dark green pendant that matched her eyes.

Her short black hair was fashionably done, proof of her preparations.

Jake averted his gaze when she glanced at him, leading the emperor to scoff openly.

"I'll see you in a bit, Sammy." Kaze said with a charming smile before turning around and giving Jake an annoyed frown.

"Are you a jester or a regent?" He scoffed in exasperation.

"W-What?" Jake asked.

"Your incessant befuddlement is appalling." The emperor scoffed in disbelief, "Are you a babbling clown, or my aid? Multiple choice. Surely you understand the question, do you not?"

"I… yes. I'm your… aid?" The blonde hair man replied hesitantly.

"Very good, we're making progress." Kazz remarked, rolling his eyes. "So why can you not take the initiative to do something as simplistic as placing spirits on the ground?"

Jake's eyes trembled, and he averted his gaze. "It's just… I don't want to disappoint you."

The emperor turned away with an aghast expression. "You mean like now, triggered by your timid shiftlessness?"

The man gave Kaze a wry smile. "Yes, like now. You're very… particular about your wants. How am I supposed to know?"

Kaze took a deep breath and closed his eyes, understanding the conflict the man was facing.

"Since you're learning, I shall write off my discontent as a misunderstanding." He said dryly.

Jake's eyes filled with hope.

"You're afraid to disappoint me. That means you're smart." The emperor asserted.

"It's not wise to offend your… leader. That's why you must exert common sense and follow commands [literally] in the beginning of your relationship. Literal. Exact. Precise."

The man's eyes glided to the left. "Are you saying I should ignore what you mean and do what you say?"

"It seems you're learning." Kaze chuckled breathlessly, "Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying. However, you must exert competence in doing whatever it is and have a reason for doing what you do."

"I understand using my head. But isn't that a problem to do what you say literally if you mean something else?" Jake asked.

"It is, in the long run." The emperor replied, "However, in the beginning, your leader cannot fault you if you do as they ask exactly and do it with competence."

Jake listened with his full attention, attempting to understand everything.

"When you do something, and the emp… leader isn't pleased, they'll tell you what they wish you did." Kaze continued, "Then you log those experiences and apply them in the future."

The regent's eyes lit up with understanding. "So you're saying I should do as you ask and use the feedback as part of future orders?"

Kaze smiled in satisfaction. "It seems you're not a jester after all. Now complete your work, and send a charming smirk to Veronica every once in a while."

Jake froze. "Won't she find that… creepy? Women always have in the past."

"That was in the past; what is the point of building power if you live life as you did before obtaining it?" The emperor asked, visibly flabbergasted.

"Are you saying I've built up power?" The regent asked in confusion.

Kaze glanced at the keg on the man's shoulder and then back at him with a mocking smile. The man completely forgot he was holding it!

"I-I see…." Jake stuttered.

"As my regent, you must represent me and my reputation and can never show weakness." The emperor demanded.

"That is why I've invested so many resources into making you stronger. Now, you do not need charm to attract ladies or the skill to fight."

"Wait, I don't need charm or skill?" The regent asked with wide eyes.

"There are layers to strength and power, Jake." Kaze chuckled breathlessly, "Reputation, wealth, strength, appearance, and charm."

Jake listened and hung onto his every word, learning as much as possible. He wanted to shed his weakness and grow stronger, not to satisfy the emperor but to fulfill himself.

"You lack the first. However, you now have sizable resources in your bank account and look wealthy because of your appearance." The emperor explained.

"Your appearance is no longer that of a bumbling fool, and your strength is visible now. Those two factors alone are the reason Veronica is staring at you right now."

Jake glanced at Veronica and looked away.

"Smile, you fool!" Kaze scoffed in annoyance. The regent tried to correct himself, but the emperor held him back. "Not now. The moment has past."

The previously geeky man smiled wryly. It was a downhill situation.

"Pay attention, Jake. You have a reputation through me and false perceptions about your wealth, strength, and appearance." Kaze explained.

"Those are four pillars and more than enough to draw female attention. While they're fake, perception is power where you lack, so acting is your trump card."

Jake's eyes glided to the left in thought. "So it's enough that people think I'm… like you?"

"Exactly. You're piggybacking off my reputation." Kaze replied.

"So you needn't concern yourself frivolously about having the right things to say.

Just smile and say you have a quiet personality, and countless women will acquiesce to your will. Such is the nature of power."

He gave a sidelong glance to Veronica to check her position." Jake, she's looking again. So smirk at me and glance at her in one motion."

Jake froze up. "Should I—"

"Just do as your told, hurry up, and don't disappoint me." Kaze interjected hurriedly.

The regent's eyes filled with determination. He smirked, emulating his emperor the best he could. Then he awkwardly looked at Veronica but retained his expression.

The black-haired woman giggled and exchanged a smirk.

Jake turned back to Kaze. "I… don't know how well I did."

"Marvelous, Jake. There's hope for you yet." Kaze chuckled in satisfaction, "She knows you're awkward but also sees your potential."

The regent's eyes lit up with excitement.

"Now, get back to work. If Veronica tries talking to you, say you'll find her later, as you're preparing for hell to show up. Drop my name if necessary. Now go." Kaze chuckled while slapping the man on the back.

Jake nodded and then glanced at the keg on his shoulder, and his eyes widened in shock. He forgot about it again!

He heard Veronica giggling in the distance, so he turned to her. His overbearing strength amused her, and he sent her a wry smile.

However, that only served to make her smile more. Jake's heart skipped a beat when he realized that a socialite, friends with Evalyn Skye, was sincerely interested in him.

He turned away after a thin smile and returned to work, avoiding her strategically, as Kaze suggested.

When Jake put the keg down, he looked down at his clothes as he walked and felt the light breeze against his short haircut.

It made him think about power and what it could do for him.

While he believed his new confidence came from Kaze, it turned out that Kaze had transformed him independently.

The emperor was not the nicest man. However, Jake followed him because he dramatically changed his life and built his confidence. This exchange was just another example.

Jake chuckled with a strange smile and continued, following the man's orders [literally] and praying he wouldn't receive feedback that ruined his mood.