Playvolume00:00/01:37
Truvid
fullScreen

A blonde, athletic man from Kaze's Microbiology class approached him with a strange face filled with disbelief.

"I can't believe I invited [you] to a party." Brad laughed as the emperor chatted with a random group of women, "You're something else."

Kaze chuckled with a slight smile. "I would've come if I wasn't already planning a party."

Brad chuckled and looked around him.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"I think this goes beyond planning." He chuckled, "Look, man. I gotta know. What happened to you? Not the muscles or cultivation stuff. I want to know what happened to your mind."

"That's an intelligent question." Kaze smirked, "But I'm afraid the answer is rather mundane."

Brad narrowed his eyes slightly, listening to the emperor with a deep gaze.

"You'd be shocked how far desperation can change a person." The emperor said with a strange smile."

But when you learn that for yourself, find me. You'll know where I'll be; so contact the people housing me [immediately]."

Before the man would react, Kaze casually touched his forehead, flooding his mind with the blueprint for Illuminescent Breathing.

"W-What the…." Brad stuttered as he processed the reality of the situation.

"I like people with strength and respectable intelligence." Kaze replied while walking away, "You can gain the former quickly, but some people don't achieve the latter in centuries."

"W-Wait! What's this about?" The man asked in shock.

"As I said, I like intelligence, so I'm testing yours. If you can't exercise prudence with information handling, you're worthless. Yes?" The emperor asked.

"Y-Yes." Brad stuttered.

"Good. I hope you don't disappoint me." The emperor chuckled while turning around and approaching Jake.

Brad watched the man walk away with a surreal expression.

He didn't understand why Kaze did what he did, but he understood the message loud in clear: don't tell a soul about what just happened.

So he walked over to the water cooler, downed four cups, and said goodbye to his friends.

The athlete knew that maintaining his relationship with Kaze was far more important than an epic party. So he prepared to post a video and contact Immortal Skye immediately.

Kaze walked up to Jake with a light smirk. "It seems there's some hope for you yet."

Jake turned around with a complex expression. He was pleased he had finished all of the emperor's preparations but was disappointed that he couldn't accomplish the man's social asks. "I'm sor—"

"Must you always wallow in your delusive feelings of inferiority?" The emperor laughed.

"I've seen you talk to ten women in the last hour. Your performance was lamentable, but it was more than enough."

The regent looked at Kaze with a complex gaze, trying to decipher whether his statement was a compliment or a promotion to mediocrity.

"Enough?" Jake asked.

"Of course." Kaze smiled slightly, "Those women don't know you're with me. They talked to you because of your appearance and strength.

Making you move the kegs again turned out to be quite fortuitous, was it not?"

The regent's eyes widened in shock. "Wait, you made me move them to show off my strength?"

"I believe that's what I said." The emperor replied with a smirk.

"I don't… I don't know what to say." Jake said.

"When in doubt, say nothing." Kaze chuckled, "It prevents you from saying anything treasonous or otherwise contemptible. Now come, I'm engineering a reason for Veronica to speak to you. So shed your weakness and wait for her to approach."

"W-Wait, what!?" The regent cried.

"Why must you play the fool when seeking clarification?" The emperor scoffed while rolling his eyes.

Jake swallowed nervously. "I-I'm talking to her? Like, now?"

"Yes. Worry not; I'll make sure to emphasize that you're a good guy, quiet, and respectable. Women love that." Kaze chuckled bitterly.

"They do?" The regent asked.

"Of course not. Are you mad?" The emperor scoffed, rolling his eyes, "I'm painting these pitiful signs of weakness as a form of charm. It's no small task, I assure you."

He pushed his hand against his regent's stomach, and a warm feeling washed over his body.

"What did you just do?" Jake asked in confusion.

"I made it impossible for you to get a woman pregnant tonight. Just one less thing for you to worry about." Kaze laughed breathlessly.

"I'm telling Veronica that you'll help her with Illumiecent Breathing. Don't forget to leave before midnight and make the call. Now, wait here while I fetch your future. "

Jake was left stunned as the emperor strode toward Veronica, leaving him no room for him to object.

Veronica gave the emperor a slight smile. "To what do I owe this pleasure? Gaining an audience with the great emperor is an honor these days."

Kaze gave her a charming smile. "Come now. Surely you understand that those acquainted with my trusted friends are close by association?"

The black-haired woman glanced over at Jake and smirked. "It's a latent benefit, I suppose."

"Smart woman." Kaze replied with a slight smile, "There are many [latent benefits] for those who support me and my loyal followers."

She narrowed her eyes in interest. "I'm listening."

Kaze sent a strange smile to Jake and then turned back to her.

"Surely you understand the greatest of my friend." He said with a smile, "As well as his foolish lack of confidence, yes?"

Veronica burst into giggles. "That was blunt."

"We needn't posture regarding the obvious." Kaze smiled, "So let's talk about what's not."

"I'm listening." She replied with sharp eyes.

"Let's talk about those looks you're sending, my friend," He requested, "Are they a sign of genuine interest? I'll take any falsehood as a slight against me personally. So speak honestly."

Veronica studied his expressions, trying to figure him out.

"They are. Jacob Hays intrigues me." She replied, "I'm wondering what he did to capture your attention, why you treat him so well, and how he transformed like you [under the radar]."

Kaze gave her a satisfied smile.

"I reward those that aid my loyal followers and me well, and Jake has aided me immensely.

However, I've retained his company because he has remarkable potential hidden behind that faux mask of insecurities. The results speak for themselves."

Veronica glanced at Jake with even greater interest. "Is that so?"

"It is. So here's my question for you, Veronica Mithra Stone." The emperor said with a strange voice, capturing her attention. She looked at him in intrigue.

"Will you aid me and accept my rewards that will bring out your potential?" He mused with sharp eyes.

The black-haired woman smiled, and interest flashed across her dark green eyes.

"What is it I can do for you, Em-per-or?" Veronica smacked with her lipgloss-lined lips.

He glanced over at Jake with a strange smile. "My friend over there has power but lacks confidence; you have confidence but lack power. I propose you bring out his confidence, and I'll give you power."

"You offer me a significant gift for something I want anyway?" Veronica mused.

"You're a smart woman." Kaze replied with a satisfied smile, "You can accept it as a gift for taking the initiative."

"I accept your offer." She replied.

The emperor touched her forehead without warning, and a wave of profound information entered her mind. It left her in a hypnotic trance for a moment.

"T-This really is—" Veronica stuttered.

"Of course it is." Kaze interjected in annoyance, "I'm sure you understand the value of what I can offer you. Now exercise prudent information handling before I question my evaluation of you."

Veronica nodded and took a deep breath to regain her calm. Then she turned around, facing Jake, who tried not to panic.

"One last thing." He said, stopping her in her tracks.

"What is it, emperor?" She asked with a smile, maintaining her composure.

"Jake is my loyal follower. Remember that constantly, and conduct yourself accordingly." Kaze warned, "If he finds out about this, or you push yourself on him, you'll face the consequences."

"Worry not, emperor." Veronica replied loudly and sarcastically, "I'll handle my crush as good women do."

Kaze chuckled and turned around.

Veronica continued to Jake, whose face contorted into a stiff smile as she approached.

"Will you enjoy this party with me? I feel like ignoring that arrogant ass' words." She requested while walking up.

Jake froze in fear and glanced at Kaze. "What did he tell you?"

"He told me to be gentle with my advances on you." Veronica smiled, "And I told him to fuck off."

He gulped. "Advances?"

"Pursue? Chase after? Attempt to date?" She explained seductively, "Or perhaps even [seduce]?"

Her eyes became sharp and predatory, leaving his heart pounding. He didn't know what to say.

"I-I see. Forgive me for not knowing what to say. I have a quiet personality." Jake said after a sharp breath, echoing Kaze's earlier words.

"Then do you want to go somewhere [quiet] so I can give you pointers?" Veronica asked while walking close to him.

His heart beat uncontrollably, and he looked to Kaze for help. The emperor shrugged to fake ignorance and motioned his head aggressively to get him to respond.

"I… if that's what you want." Jake swallowed nervously.

Veronica put her lips next to his ear. "That is what I want. Come with me so I can [prove it]."

She grabbed his hand gently and led him away, giving arrogant glances to the other women.

"Is Veronica with Jake?"

"Jacob? The engineering guy that suddenly got handsome?"

"Yeah, I can't believe it. She's hella thirsty."

"Shut up, you're just jealous he's handsome now."

"Wait, Veronica and Scrawn's guy? No way! That man's charming by association."

"That guy's so awkward."

"He is, but isn't that kinda cute?"

Jake watched in a daze as Veronica, a cheerleader, showed him, a [geek], off. Her actions were so bold they left him perplexed and dizzy.