[A/N: If you don't want to see a mildly graphic sex scene with someone other than Kaze, skip the section and continue after the ----- below. It's voluntary and doesn't exist if you don't let it.]

—

Veronica led Jake to a shuttle dock on the other side of the park and unlocked her shuttle.

"Come on. Get in." She instructed with a smile.

He nodded with a beating heart and entered the seating area. Shuttles were automated, so the seating consisted of booths with an interface for the driver.

Jake sat down in the center of a leather booth awkwardly.

When Veronica closed the door and sat down, she grabbed the man's face and pushed her lips against his mouth, leaving him shocked.

He motioned his hands to push her off by primal reflex, but she grabbed his wrists lightly, making them move down.

Unlike Kaze, he wasn't aggressive by default, so he dropped his hands after understanding the situation.

"This is okay, yes?" Veronica whispered, "If you want this, you can have it."

Jake's became ragged. "What did Kaze tell you?"

She laughed breathlessly and gave him a deep gaze. "That if I hurt you, he'd rip me limb by limb. He's shockingly protective of you."

"A-And you said?" He stuttered.

"That he was a moron for thinking I was trying to play you." Veronica replied while putting her fingers on his lips, "So he arrogantly gave me his blessing, and now we're here."

Jake looked down at the fingers with sharp breaths.

"Now hush." She whispered while slowly climbing onto the booth and straddling him. As her black skirt lifted, he could feel her soft thighs touch against the smooth, breathable fibers of his wool slacks, "Prove to me you have a quiet personality."

He gulped and nodded as she touched down on his lap and pulled off her white v-neck shirt, showcasing a pink and black lace bra underneath.

"Just enjoy yourself, and I'll do the rest." Veronica said as she unbuckled her bra and let it drop to the ground, exposing her perfectly proportioned breasts with mid-tone pink nipples.

Jake closed his eyes and fought past his raging desires. He felt he could climax prematurely from their interaction alone, leaving him mortified.

She giggled when she saw his gasping expression. "Everyone's first time is pathetic and shameful. But do you know what the secret is?"

He gulped and gave her a trembling expression.

Veronica led his hands to her breasts and then leaned in. "You do things twice."

Jake's eyes widened in shock, and his heart thumped uncontrollably. Her lips pressed against his again as he fondled her breasts awkwardly but enthusiastically.

They made out for a few minutes while she skillfully taught him how to use his tongue.

Veronica disconnected and sat against his thighs with a predatory gaze.

"Jake, can I ask a favor?" She asked.

"Anything." Jake replied shamelessly.

"I want you to keep quiet and only speak if you want me to stop. Can you do that for me?" She asked with a slight smile.

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"W-Want you to stop?" He stammered.

"Don't question it. Will you keep quiet unless you want me to stop?" Veronica asked again.

"Yes…." Jake gulped nervously.

She gave him a seductive smile and reached down, unbuckling his belt.

"I…."

Jake tried to speak, but she pressed a finger against his lips.

"Do you want me to stop?" Veronica mused.

He gulped but then shook his head, triggering a slight smile as she continued, pulling it off and then moving to his button.

Jake took a deep breath and closed his eyes. However, his eyes snapped open when she unzipped his pants and began pulling them down.

He watched with a cringing expression as his depressingly averaged sized member popped out.

A moment later, his eyes rolled to the back of his skull when she touched his head.

"Relax and enjoy it." Veronica said with a slight smile, "If you cum early, we'll just do it again. I want to please [you] tonight."

Her words were like magic. The second she eased his anxieties, his confidence increased, and the feeling of an instant climax disappeared, leaving him feeling much better.

Jake wanted to say something, but she had ordered him to stay quiet, so he nodded and took a deep breath, allowing himself to enjoy the feeling of her breasts.

Veronica lifted her body and pushed her breasts into his face as she played with his head from above.

He gasped for air, and she pressed her nipple into his mouth, triggering him to suck on it instinctively.

As he was distracted, she used her left hand to pull her panties to the side under her skirt and slowly lowered herself. "Now relax. I'm on birth control."

Jake's heart pulsed as her lips touched his head and parted. He wanted to say something, think something, do something, but a cosmic experience washed over him as she sat down and gasped for breath.

His confusion prevented him from worrying about his climaxing concerns. All he could do was close his eyes and take deep breaths.

Veronica moved up slowly and shifted down again, causing Jake to smash against the back seat, trying his best not to moan.

She smiled and continued riding him, using the cues from his breathing to carry them forward.

Jake's confidence soared during the experience. While he didn't know [why] things turned out as they did, he didn't question it as much. He just let himself submit to his desires and enjoy the experience.

-----

Evalyn watched Kaze speak to every woman at the party from afar, taking light sips from the plastic cup in her hand.

While she wanted to reach out or feel salty, countless people approached her to speak. Somehow, she forgot her popularity when she began chasing the man single-mindedly.

"Figures you'd be here." A man scoffed from behind her.

She whirled around with a terrified expression. "Tim, what are [you] doing here?"

Tim, the muscular black athlete with Evalyn when Kaze first made contact with her, looked around and then at the cup in his hand. "That's a stupid question."

"Stupid question?" Evalyn scoffed, "You attacked Kaze and now you're at his party? Are you insane?"

The man laughed bitterly. "You're something else. The man showed up talking about your body, beat your friends, and then you abandoned them for him."

"Abandoned?" She laughed breathlessly, "My relationship with Kaze has nothing to do with my friendships. You're all just jealous and bitter and assume that."

Tim looked at her with his dark brown eyes. "Is that so? Is that why you sold Gregory to the police?"

Evalyn laughed in disbelief. "You mean when he came to Kaze's home, threatening to file a false criminal investigation as he trying to kidnap me?"

He laughed in contempt and spoke calmly. "You disappeared for two days. You didn't you consider people would be worried about you, did you?"

"I was in closed cultivation. We weren't even awake." Evalyn chuckled.

"Is that why you were wearing his t-shirt?" He chuckled.

She turned away and shook her head. "What we did before or after is of no concern to you."

"Whatever, Evalyn." Tim said coldly, "Tell yourself whatever you want, but you're skipping school, going missing, and abandoning your life. All for this arrogant playboy speaking to everyone woman but you."

Evalyn averted her gaze with a wry smile. "We've never slept together because he refuses, saying he'd never change his ways."

"Hah. So you're chasing after that clown for nothing?" The muscular black man laughed while turning away.

The atmosphere froze, and Tim stared at the steam he exhaled in disbelief. Then he looked at Evalyn, and a pulsing pressure assaulted his body.

"W-What is this?" Tim gasped as he dropped to a knee.

"Power. Or do you think Kaze can get absurdly strong in days and not teach a person?" Evalyn asked coldly, "You're equally arrogant, but you're exponentially more ignorant."

"E-Evalyn." He winced as frost developed on his shaking arms.

"I'm doing this on your behalf, you fucking [clown]." Evalyn scoffed in vexation.

Tim looked up in confusion and found two daggers pointing at his eyes.

"Someone with real power is watching you berate me like a fool." She said while giving Kaze a sidelong glance.

"He's been patient on my behalf, but he won't be if I don't handle your abuse. So leave before you end up in the hospital."

The man gulped with shaky arms, fearing hypothermia and death. Everyone at the party watched them with wide eyes, falling silent, leaving only the music pulsing hypnotically in the background.

Evalyn cut her pressure and released the frost in the area while looking at Kaze. Tim looked up at her with a bitter smile and then at Kaze.

He took a few deep breaths to retain his calm. Hundreds of violent thoughts fought against his fear, but he wisely let his fear win.

So he got up, gave the blonde a contemptuous expression, and left the party peacefully.

Kaze clapped. "If you're not going to cheer that that badass display, you can at least start partying again!"

On his words, a pulse rippled through the party, and the area burst into cheers and applause.

Tim took a deep breath as hundreds of people drowned Evalyn in praise for threatening his life. He had never felt such humiliation in his life.

Evalyn watched his back with a guilty expression, understanding the man's points.

She looked at Kaze disappearing with Sage, the redhead in finance, with a bitter feeling in her heart.

When did she become dependent upon the murderous playboy before her? That was the only question on her mind as she grabbed another cup.