Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Jake watched in bewilderment as the geeky, acne-riddled man of eighteen made his stylist giggle and blush during the haircut.

He was even more shocked when she snuck Kaze her phone number, which was painfully obvious because she needed to help him with his phone.

After saying goodbye to the stylist, the emperor led Jake to Jackson Street Park in the city's center.

Meridian City was a megacity with 18 million people, making it one of the largest in the world.

It also had one of the largest harbors, making it a maritime city with the growth of an urban area. It was one of the world's financial capitals, and its size matched its importance.

Therefore, the two spent almost an hour getting to the park, gliding in a shuttle similar to a car but flying slightly above the ground.

The park itself was ten 850 acres, almost three miles in length, making it comparable in size to Central Park in New York City. It was also surrounded by large skyscrapers, each with unique designs showcasing the power of modern industry.

After exiting the shuttle, the emperor led Jake to the maple tree on a large hill overlooking a lake at the center. He chose the position because anyone around the lake could see him, and it would get easier after people left.

"And now we wait. There's less than an hour left." Kaze commented while checking the clock on his phone.

[4:21]

"What's coming at 5 pm?" Jake asked in a tailored grey button-up, tucked into slacks he had bought only hours before. He didn't have acne, so he looked wealthy and respectable instantly.

Kaze looked up to the sky and pointed. "I'd rather not speak truths and be treated as a rambling drunkard. So keep your eyes up there, and see for yourself."

As promised, at 5 pm, a massive, white vortex opened in the sky. The emperor smiled wryly when he saw it. While he hated this point in his life, he couldn't imagine a life without cultivation. So the impending influx of Qi was a bitter-sweet experience.

"Mimic my movements and breathe melodically. You'll thank me." Kaze instructed the previously geeky teen while sitting in the lotus position and closing his eyes.

Jake followed hesitantly, blindly trusting the emperor. He sat down, trying to stretch his legs to meet the lotus position. It was painful, preventing him from shutting his eyes.

The space below the vortex warped and exploded outward, sending a visible ripple of warping space through the world.

Jake gasped in agony as the Elemental Qi ripped his meridians open, leaving his body burning.

"Here. Take this and don't tell a soul—or I'll kill you." Kaze warned while touching the man on his forehead.

A profound blueprint for breathing opened in his mind, and he instinctively tried it. His body's heat levels instantly dropped, and a wave of energy began circulating through his veins.

Kaze experienced the same thing, on a magnitude far greater than Jake would ever know.

However, he snapped his eyes open only a minute later. While he desired to make the most of the profound levels of Qi that temporarily rivaled the Sky Plane, he couldn't draw too much attention from the cultivators. He was unwilling to be recruited for their war.

As promised to Evalyn, men and women descended from the sky in droves an hour later. There was over a thousand total, blocking the sun in various directions.

A man in a white robe with a long grey beard flew forward, captured on film from different angles by camera crews displaying the event to the citizens.

"Cup your hands around your ears." Kaze instructed while doing the same.

Jake immediately complied and looked up.

When the cultivator spoke, everyone in a 20-mile radius shut their ears, dropping to their knees.

"We have blessed your world with rich Qi, allowing you to ascend to higher planes of existence." The man announced in a booming voice, "We only ask that you gather in parks and public locations in one hour if you want power to transcend your mortal existence!"

...

Thousands of people filed into the park. Among them was Evalyn Meadow Skye, who came to Jackson Street Park as Kaze instructed. She had so many questions for the man and wanted answers.

The blonde weaved through the park alone. While she arrived with her family and recently humiliated friends, she broke off from everyone to find the maple tree the emperor mentioned.

It was nearly impossible, as she couldn't see over the crowds of people. However, ten minutes before the hour was up, she finally spotted it and pushed her way through.

When she emerged from the crowd, her eyes widened in shock. Despite the endless sea of people, there was a ten-foot radius of open space around the maple tree.

In the center was a young man wearing a light pink, tailored button-up with two buttons undone. He sported fitted, charcoal grey slacks and a black leather belt that matched his designer dress shoes.

He had the most fashionable haircut she had ever seen on a non-celebrity and a charming smile that would stun ladies everywhere if he didn't have acne.

Evalyn stared at him in disbelief, uncertain whether she had found the wrong man.

Kaze waved once with a charming smile. "Greetings, lovely."

"Hi…." She replied awkwardly.

"Come now, if you're shocked now, you'll have a heart attack when I don't have acne." He chuckled, "Now, don't be shy. Join us."

Evalyn nodded in a haze and walked up. "I have so many questions—"

"And I have an equal amount of answers, but they must wait." Kaze said with a smile, "You don't know what to ask, but you're about to find out. Now close your ears."

Her face filled with confusion at his words. But she complied when she saw him cupping his hands over his ears multiple times and Jake doing the same.

Less than a minute later, the man began speaking.

"For those that showed up, prepare to be appraised by a cultivator!" He announced while waving his arm, "You may be given a technique that will allow you to amass power and give you the potential to ascend to a higher plane of existence!"

A woman clad in white robes flew down from the sky to Evalyn. She had brown hair in a tight bun and matching colored eyes. While she looked less than thirty, her aura felt ancient compared to humans. It was hard to breathe around her, and everyone but Kaze and Evalyn held their breath.

"Child, you have a unique divine-grade body called the Frost Tempering Body." The woman explained in astonishment, "What is your name?"

"Evalyn Meadow Skye." Evalyn replied in a haze while glancing at Kaze, who was giving her an amused grin.

"We will seek your aid in the future if you're strong enough to live for the next six months." The cultivator continued.

"In the meantime, I'll give you the Frosted Blades Technique. It's a heaven-grade offensive technique.

While we wouldn't normally hand something like this out, it's only useful to those with ice physiques which are exceedingly rare.

I'm also giving you a sky-grade cultivation technique to get started. It's the highest grade we're giving out, so use it wisely."

The woman touched Evalyn's forehead and transferred the techniques to Evalyn, sending tidal waves of profound information crashing into her mind. The level of knowledge was extremely uncomfortable and left her wincing.

"You…." The cultivator continued, looking at the emperor with narrowed eyes. "You don't have a body constitution, but your meridians are already breathing, and you're already approaching the first stage of the Mortal Realm. How?"

"While I never disregard questions from women, I am shamefully ignorant of this subject." Kaze replied with a slight smile.

"When that vortex opened, my entire body was assaulted with a strange sensation during sex.

The same thing happened to my partner when I continued. Did that have anything to do with it?"

The woman's eyes widened in disbelief. "A natural dual cultivator?"

She reappraised his body and found he gave off the natural aura of a dual cultivator.

"I see…. I will give you a cultivation technique that supports sex-based cultivation." The woman said while reaching up her hand, "You seem to have talent, but your body doesn't warrant further aid. So we'll leave you with this and reappraise your worth six months from now. If you survive, that is."

Kaze summoned willpower not to frown when her finger touched his forehead. The technique she gave him was vulgar and would cripple his growth in the future if he used it.

However, he acted shocked by the profound technique he received.

The woman snickered with malice at his ignorance. Then she glanced at Jake and scoffed before flying away, uncertain why "trash" was with those with potential.

Evalyn turned her head to Kaze with narrowed eyes. His arrogance finally snapped her out of her neverending stupor of perplexion.

"Impressive. You've gone from geeky loner to playboy, unfettered by vortexes and flying super humans." She said, "How curious. Is this usually how you prioritize your life?"

"Of course not." Kaze laugh-scoffed while turning his head, "I understand priorities. That's why I got my haircut and dropped that hideous garb I was wearing."

Evalyn was stunned by his words. Then her eyes glinted in a mocking gaze.

"I get it now." She chuckled in disbelief, "You got a haircut and clothing, so when you lied to get your sketchy power, it wouldn't be useless."

"But of course," Kaze replied with a smile, "I have the power to see the future, so my plans always have a purpose. I wouldn't have chosen this cultivation method if it weren't powerful."

"How amusing. This whole time I thought you were here as a messenger from the future, but now it turns out you just want my body." Evalyn giggled playfully.

"That happens often, but your desire for my body has depth. It's impressive. So might I assume you'll argue sex with you is in my favor? Lust for power?"

"What type of man do you take me for?" Kaze scoffed breathlessly, "I'd never accept a woman who didn't want to sleep with me."

Evalyn's eyes widened in surprise.

"I'm offering another proposal. I need someone to help me move around the country clandestinely." Kaze explained, "In exchange, I'll teach you how to use your power and help you grow."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Evalyn! There you are!" Greg yelled, running through the crowd.

Evalyn closed her eyes and cringed. "I've got to go."

"Of course." Kaze chuckled, "Here. Text me when you're ready to start."

After his arrogant declaration, he handed her a sheet of paper, turned around, and walked away. Evalyn watched his back until he reached the crowd and considered running after him.

However, the second he left the circle, people magically flooded into the area, pushing into her as if it were only natural.