Sage glanced upward at Kaze and swallowed. Her eyes immediately widened as a nova of bursting energy pulsed through her body, weaving through intricate channels she hadn't noticed before.

Somewhere along the way, she experienced sexual enlightenment and now obtained energy that enriched her essence. "What is this feeling?"

She looked up at Kaze to find answers and found him illuminated in a blue aura. Looking down again, she found herself radiating a light pink glow.

"The true essence of the human experience." Kaze said charmingly, "It's a gift to those who accept the value of human nature and cardinal desires."

Sage stared at him in disbelief. "Who are you, Kaze?"

"Kaze Lexicon. Nothing more, nothing less." He replied arrogantly, "I refuse to be caged by unofficial titles, limited by the expectations of others. The only title I've ever begrudgingly accepted was [Emperor]."

She laugh-scoffed while wiping her mouth with her wrist. Then she turned to the barrier and took a deep breath, not looking forward to the future.

"Concern yourself no further with these wretched fools." Kaze replied in a hypnotic voice while offering her his hand.

Sage rolled her eyes with a smile while accepting his hand and standing.

He immediately kneeled, touching the grass stains on her skirt, causing her to blush to the tip of her ears. "W-What are you doing?"

"Surely you don't want to return to the party like this." Kaze chuckled. A small vortex of hot water sprayed from his hand, sprinkling her panties and making her yelp in surprise.

"Hold still." He laughed while walking up to her and kneeling again. He touched the area again, and hot air instantly dried the fibers.

Sage looked down in disbelief. While his actions didn't completely remove the stains, one would have to look closely to see them. "How?"

"Let's not get lost in trivialities." Kaze chuckled, "There is still a party to enjoy."

The emperor reached out his hand, and she grabbed it in confusion. Then he turned to the side of the barrier and waved his hand before leading her in.

Sage blinked twice when she realized they were behind the party's DJ.

"How?" She whispered in disbelief.

"Trivialities." Kaze reiterated while pulling out his technique and handing it to her.

"Study this cultivation technique so you can gain entrance to Immortal Skye. There isn't much time until the finale, and I must see the others on my list." He said with a mysterious smile.

Sage stared at the paper in disbelief but didn't question it. She wouldn't threaten the opportunity for anything.

"Imagine your third eye." Kaze instructed while touching her forehead.

I profound tidal wave of information crashed through her mind, imprinting the full information knowledge necessary to cultivate Illuminecent Breathing.

Not only that—

"This is what happened earlier." Sage whispered while looking at Kaze in shock.

I cultivate with my body. Naturally, your body learned from it." Kaze scoff-laughed delusively.

"Cultivation scrolls are ways of understanding an abstract concept. It's better if you learn them naturally."

Her body trembled. "Y-You cultivate your body, like the other Emperor?"

"That [Emperor] is just another man." He chuckled mysteriously, "Surely you don't believe him to be a unique god."

"You're something else. You treat that man just like everyone else on Earth." Sage laughed, recovering from her shock.

"Oh, no, no." Kaze scoff-laughed, "I don't lump him in with anyone save one on the Mortal Plane."

She blushed, but he gave her a mocking half smile.

"Now go home and cultivate for the next two hours. I'm certain you don't want to stand around for those bumbling drunkards to return." Kaze smiled.

Sage gave him a wry smile. However, she fixed her ponytail and dabbed the corners of her mount to ensure she was decent. The last 45 minutes felt like a dream, but she didn't question it.

"I take it that the reason we were asked remain relatively sober until 1:17 am was to cultivate?"

"Correct." Kaze replied with a mysterious smile.

"Very well." She said with a slight smile. Her feet stepped forward for a parting kiss, but she held herself back, fearing rejection.

The woman understood she wasn't special for learning the technique, and their relationship was nothing but casual sex.

"I'll cultivate this freaky technique in my bed, then. Join me some time." Sage remarked with a charming smile.

"I'll gladly take you up on that offer." He replied confidently, "Though I'd prefer my bed."

Sage shook her head at his arrogance but smiled and walked away, leaving him to seduce other women. "See ya later, you charming fool."Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Kaze laughed and turned around to make the rounds. Using his eidetic memory, he skillfully wove through the crowd finding everyone on his [list].

He informed everyone on it to remain relatively sober until 1:17 am. The time was passing by quickly, so he needed to hurry.

"Hello, ladies." Kaze said with a charming smile.

"Hey, Kaze." Whitney, the blonde on Evalyn's tennis team, said.

"Hey there, playboy." Kylie, the cute brunette cheerleader, giggled, "You're awfully relaxed when a mob's hunting you."

"A mob?" Kaze laughed in disbelief, "You mean the moving circus of delusional clowns? I have no time to deal with such barbarity."

"Is that so?" Sammy, the woman who loaned her block out, mused, "You don't have time for salty men out for blood?"

"Of course not." He scoffed breathlessly, "I'm too busy dealing with charming maidens."

The stunned women burst into giggles when they saw his cheeky smile.

"You've already moved on from Sage?" Kylie scoff-laughed, "The word [player] wouldn't describe you."

"Of course not." Kaze said mockingly, "Handsome, charming, powerful, interesting, and confident describe me better."

They burst into bewildered giggles again.

"But the best word is generous." He said arrogantly.

"That's a bold assertion." Laura, the other brunette on Evalyn's tennis team, remarked.

Kaze pulled out three folded pieces of paper.

"W-Wait!" Whitney cried, "Is that—"

"Illuminecent Breathing." He interjected, "Now, let's learn it. There are many people on my list I must visit before tonight's finale."

The emperor strode through the crowd, visiting men and women he deemed worthy of joining his faction.

He did so, hoping to give Evalyn minor comfort in the apocalypse. So he chose those in sports for their strength, dedication, and potential friendships with her.

He also chose a select few with intelligence that he knew from his past life and a few women solely for their looks. Obviously.

Before he could finish, he heard a commotion breaking out.

"That arrogant fuck's over here!" A man yelled in disbelief, "And he's talking to other women!"

While the emperor's warning shooked Jesse, most saw his disappearance as a sign of fleeing. In other words, weakness.

A group of men ran into the area, flushed with anger and annoyance that they waited for 45 minutes only to find him chatting with other women.

Kaze scoffed loudly in disbelief. "Did you idiots not learn your lesson?"

"Kaze!" Evalyn screamed as a man ran at him with his arm cocked back.

He ignored her, casually dodged the punch, and touched his hand against the man's back. It glowed nearly imperceptibly and wasn't noticed by anyone.

The man crashed into a keg.

Another three men followed, throwing punches from multiple directions.

Kaze dodged them all and touched their bodies, and then tripped them.

Evalyn was distant, so she couldn't see what he was doing. Moreover, she wasn't using her technique to see Qi fluctuations.

As a result, she couldn't see minor distortions.

To her and everyone else at the party, Kaze was simply dodging their attacks and tripping them, letting them trip and crash into each other.

"Fight back, you asshole!" A drunken man yelled, feeling dizzy, "You're looking down on us!"

"Of course I am, you insufferable imp." Kaze scoffed.

"I'm toying with eight of you simple-minded drunkards, and you're audacious enough to ask me to kill you?

Your lunacy is an inspiration to unstable people everywhere."

The men turned away aggressively in anger, gritting their teeth. However, it didn't last long. Their minds were becoming cloudy, and one of them vomited.

"Disgusting." The emperor scoffed while turning away from them.

He looked at Evalyn and the three cops running from the alleyway with an exasperated expression.

"Officers. Earn your keep." Kaze scoffed contemptuously, "I appalled these filthy swine are still here after forming a mob to attack me almost an hour ago. Do your job."

Wade, Ken, and Pratt turned away with indigent expressions.

"What? You think you've already got what you came for and needn't worry any more?" The emperor asked mockingly.

"Prove yourself incompetent again, I'll speak to the Emperor, and you can kiss that false ticket to Immortal Skye goodbye.

If you hadn't noticed, I'm the most capable in his faction. So if you think I'm lying, you're delusional."

The three men's eyes flashed with horror.

"Your belligerent ignorance is almost an art form." Kaze scoffed contemptuously, "You've already wasted my time twice. There won't be a third time."

He turned around and walked to the stage while the cops hesitantly pulled out their handcuffs and hauled the men away.