Kaze looked at Daniel and then gave a sidelong glance to his two children and wife before reconnecting his eyes.

"I suppose this is your way of saying you'll be putting your full weight behind Immortal Skye?"

The emperor's eyes were cold as ice. His appearance was older due to his illusion, and his dominance sent an icy chill crawling down everyone's spine.

"Y-Yes. I know we cannot get in without learning the technique; I'm just bringing Lily, Cole, and Elizabeth close to prepare for their success." Daniel said with cold sweat dripping down his back.

Kaze closed his eyes slowly, wondering if Evalyn had given the man his strategy.

It was too timid for an individual who stood atop a multinational corporation. Regardless, he couldn't fault the man and respected his approach.

"I'm impressed by your prudence, Mr. Skye." He said calmly, "I assume you'll also show such shrewdness when dealing with the throngs of backers demanding entrance?"

The businessman gulped with his blue eyes trembling. "Of course, Kaze."

The emperor clapped and then turned to Daniel's family with a relaxed face.

"Well, in that case, my name is Kaze." He said, "Can I know your names?"

Elizabeth, a blonde with tan eyes and a slightly aged face, gulped. "My name is Elizabeth, Daniel's wife."

Kaze nodded. "And you two? Don't be shy. I'll be teaching you cultivation from now on."

Daniel's son, a seventeen-year-old with short, dark brown hair and an athletic build, eyes lit up. "Cole Skye, Emperor. Will you be teaching me those sex skills—"

Elizabeth smacked him on the back of the head aggressively. "Forgive him, Mr. Kaze."

The emperor laughed and shook his head. "Maybe when you're older, and your mom allows."

Cole's face lit up with excitement, and he gave Kaze a bright smile but lowered it when Daniel gave him an icy glare.

"I… am Lily Skye." A sixteen-year-old brunette said with a sharp gaze.

Kaze chuckled in amusement at the young woman's formidable dominance.

He figured she'd be better off than most in the apocalypse and planned to bring out her potential—non-sexually.

The emperor refused to touch a woman below the age of eighteen. It was a custom he retained from the Mortal Plane and never broke in over five millennia.

"It's nice to meet you, Lily. I won't be teaching you that stuff." He chuckled.

Lily blushed furiously. So did Elizabeth and Daniel, who were simultaneously mortified and thankful.

It was a point of concern, so they were grateful for the explicit confirmation.

"Now… that introductions are out of the way…." Daniel began nervously.

"The military is waiting for us when we touch down in Rockman Heights.

I tried pushing it off, but the government does whatever they want."

"Of course." The emperor replied, "I'd question their sanity if they weren't. Please join us for our meeting, as you'll do your planning accordingly."

Daniel swallowed nervously. "Of course, Mr. Kaze."

Everyone was in a private skycruiser, traveling to the Immortal Skye faction headquarters in Rockman Heights.

The campus was in a gated neighborhood 10 miles south of Meridian City. It was on a large hill with a series of mansions.

In a rare exception, Kaze agreed to teach the owners of the mansions the Illuminesent Breathing technique if they sold their land and homes for cash immediately. It was a necessary exchange.

He also spent 500 million on expedited renovations for shared housing.

Another 500 million went to soft bribes, labor costs, and securing private skycruiser rides for every individual who learned the technique worldwide.

Millions got spent stockpiling food, living necessities, and resources, building communal areas and procuring bulk supplies.

Kaze was left with around 900 million in worthless income to make problems disappear.

The faction was now a lush, green community with a large lake in the center, surrounded by large iron gates ten feet high.

Security systems were at full power, and there were backup generators to ensure the community wouldn't go without power for six months.

Thousands of individuals of varying ages and builds walked around the area with carefree expressions, free of their phones and ignorant of the situation in the city.

Not everyone was carefree.

When the Skycruiser touched down and opened its hatch door, two dozen soldiers in black tactical gear and a dozen suits greeted the emperor. They were clearly elite special forces.

"Kaze Lexicon." A man with short brown hair in a suit in sunglasses said with a smile, "We've been expecting you."

The emperor chuckled at the man's petty powerplay. It wasn't difficult for the government to track who he was. It was only difficult for them to do it on short notice.

"Welcome, gentlemen. I've been expecting [you]." Kaze replied with a slight smile.

The man gave the emperor an unenthusiastic smile, but his eyes remained hidden.

"Kane Ryker." Kane said, extending a handout.

"Kaze Lexicon." Kaze replied while accepting the man's grip.

Kane applied increasing pressure during the hand strength, trying to gauge the man's strength.

However, the emperor's grip didn't increase or move. It was as if he were gripping a wooden rail.

"Forgive me, gentlemen. It's my first time here, so I'll let my associate lead us to a place to speak." Kaze said with a slight smile.

"That makes us equal. Please, Mr. Skye, lead the way." Kane requested with a beaming smile.

Daniel gulped and nodded, leading them through a grassy area to a large mansion at the lake's center. After entering, the group made it to a room on the fifth floor.

In the center was a large table, clearly meant for business meetings at the villa.

A dozen soldiers entered the room and lined the walls, while the second dozen lined up outside the doors in the hallway.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Kane took off his glasses across from Kaze, who had his back against the light tan wall in the center. The man appraised the emperor with his dark brown eyes.

"That illusion you have over you is remarkable." He remarked.

"I suppose so." Kaze chuckled while releasing it, showcasing his true form.

The soldiers' eyes widened in shock, and Daniel also pretended to be surprised.

"It's hard to believe you're Scrawn Fu." Kane chuckled with an amused smile.

"I ask you to refrain from uttering such an offensive name." The emperor said with a murderous glint in his eyes.

"You look quite scary right now." The agent remarked with slightly narrowed eyes.

Kaze returned a mocking smile. "And you look busy. So shall we begin?"

"You truly are as arrogant as they say." Kane mused with a venom-laced smile.

"You have a sudden personality shift, build power extraordinarily quickly, amass wealth, kill a dozen mercenaries and bribe police offers.

Now you stand before the military with a mocking smile? Even making stern requests?"

"The root of all those things is power, Mr. Ryker." The emperor asserted mockingly, "Otherwise, you'd be [attempting] to detain me instead of sitting at this table, no?"