—2 Hours Prior: Immortal Skye Amphitheater. Immortal Skye Induction Ceremony—

In the center of the faction, there was a crystal blue lake. On one end was the head mansion where Kaze, Evalyn, and Daniel slept and held meetings.

On the opposite side, facing the mansion, was a large amphitheater with a dome and stage surrounded by stone steps that moved into the Earth.

It was a massive area that partially existed before moving into the area. However, Daniel expanded it by having a team raise hills on each side and putting in more granite steps.

Now it could seat over three thousand people.

The amphitheater was proof of the remarkable power of what money could buy if someone were willing to pay a team of two-thousand people to work 24/7 for two weeks straight.

It was the first day of the faction, and more than two thousand men and women were chatting excitedly as the clock approached 9:00 am, the hour that they would finally lay eyes on the Emperor.

As promised, at the exact minute of the event, a man in black wearing a black mask walked onto the stage.

Everyone hushed down the minute they saw him, holding their breath in anticipation.

Kaze overlooked the area with a slight smile, satisfied at the turnout. These men and women were the last seed of civilization on Earth.

While others struggled to scavenge, kill, and steal to survive, these individuals would become doctors, farmers, and warriors in the apocalypse.

More importantly, they would all become stronger than those that suffered for power in the second stage of the apocalypse before it even began.

The emperor raised his hand to achieve absolute silence and then began.

"Welcome to Immortal Skye!" He roared with both hands held high.

The faction members in the amphitheater exploded in wild cheers and applause when he welcomed them to Immortal Skye.

"You're located in the most sought-after location on Earth." Kaze yelled, "Every one of you will be leaders in the world, living lives more lavish and fulfilling than anyone else's!"

More cheers erupted in response to his words.

"Being here guarantees a life of success and fulfillment in the new age of cultivation." He continued, "So rejoice in your accomplishment, for you are amongst the chosen few to carry the torch in this new world!"

Thunderous applause met his words. He scanned the area, looking at everyone's faces.

"The number one question in the world is who I am." Kaze said with a slight smile, "I will reveal that to you now."

Everyone fell silent with beating hearts, awaiting his words carefully.

Kaze removed his mask, revealing a middle-aged man whose features stunned every woman in the audience.

"There are three words that identify me and three words that do not." The emperor said with a slight smile.

He panned everyone's face to ensure everyone was watching.

"We'll start with the three words that can identify me. Emperor Kaze Lexicon." Kaze said with a slight smile, "The three that don't are [That's Scrawn Fu]."

Before people could laugh at his "joke," the space around the emperor warped, and the colors in the area marbled together like mixing paints.

When Kaze's final form was complete, everyone stared at him in awe and disbelief.

Everyone was stunned-silent until someone let out a yell. "I knew it! I told everyone that Scrawn Fu was the Emperor!"

The amphitheater exploded in bewildered laughs and cheers.

"I'm delighted that you placed faith that I was the same person." Kaze smiled.

"I am the individual from the videos, and I find the title [Emperor] rather fitting.

However, as you can see, there is nothing scrawny about me, so I'd prefer you not use that truly loathsome moniker."

The women giggled in bewilderment, especially Keira, the woman with pink hair, who stared at him in awe. She couldn't believe she had spoken to the emperor the day before.

There were other familiar faces in the crowd. Frances Roybock, his teacher, was given a leave of absence to join the faction before the fourth influx.

Or rather, he blackmailed the administration into allowing it.

The three attendants and his hair stylist were also there, alongside another two dozen women whom he had sex with or flirted with during the last three weeks.

All were ignorant of the situation outside the faction's walls.

"Factions are new to this world, so let me tell you about Immortal Skye, its mission, and what we aim to achieve." Kaze said with a slight smile, capturing everyone's attention.

"Cultivation is the backbone of civilization. It allows us to build strength and power, heal others, and live forever. Such is the meaning behind the word immortal."

Excited cheers rang out before everyone fell silent again.

"At Immortal Skye, I will teach you how to cultivate and bring out your true potential." The emperor said, "That is what people join factions to do."

A ripple of excited whispers pulsed through the crowd.

"Now let's talk about our mission." Kaze said with a slight smile, "Immortal Skye's vision is to live enriching lives, to enjoy life, and thrive. Nothing more, nothing less."

Stunned silence followed as everyone tried to comprehend the hidden meaning behind his words.

"There isn't a deeper meaning behind it." He chuckled, "So feel free to cheer now."

After a wave of laughter, everyone burst into delirious cheers.

The emperor watched everyone with a strange glint in his eyes.

As a person who held power over the lives and deaths of people for more than four millennia, he was pleased to regain his reputation and pick up where he left off.

Kaze panned the gazes of all of his new faction members.

"Let's talk about what you'll learn here at Immortal Skye." He announced, drawing everyone's attention.

"Cultivation is intrinsic to military operations. While everyone will have different roles, everyone will learn how to fight."

Many people were confused by his admission. They realized that they didn't know much about cultivation or its use cases.

"That's right; cultivation is a military art form. However, not everyone will have the role of a fighter." The emperor continued.

"Some will become healers, others will assist in agriculture, and there are countless other use cases for cultivation. Observe."

Kaze lifted his hand, and a large sphere of water developed over his head. The audience gasped in awe at the sight and burst into light cheers.

"You're staring at many things." He explained, "This much water can bring death, but it can also seed life to hundreds in drinking water and profide nourishment to crops. Most importantly—"

The emperor panned the gazes of everyone for maximum effect.

"—It's the necessary input for showers."

Everyone fell silent for a moment before detonating in a round of manic laughter and applause.

To everyone's bewilderment, the water in his hand heated up, causing steam to rise as it bubbled in place. It violently exploded, creating a shower from the sky.

The amphitheater exploded in roaring laughter and applause.

Surprises didn't end there. A gust of wind picked up the water, bringing it back to the sky before it froze and snowflakes fell to the ground.

Without pause, the snow condensed into a Chinese dragon, flying through the air above the awe-inspired students that looked at it in wonder.

It flew back to Kaze, who closed his hand, causing it to explode and create one hundred daggers that spun around in circles before surrounding him, suspended in the air.

Everyone fell silent at the display. After a few seconds of silence, the emperor piped up.

"This is where you cheer; must I always remind you?" Kaze asked with a cheeky smile.

The amphitheater exploded in chaotic cheers, roars, and whistles. There wasn't a person in the area that wasn't stunned, but they were ecstatic beyond belief.

"Cultivation is the medium between life and death in this world." The emperor explained.

"You will protect each other with it. While many will fight, others will heal and support.

Some will provide aid in agriculture, others through feeding people, but everyone will contribute.

Everyone will learn to fight and defend themselves regardless of their path."

Those nervous about fighting before were not as worried anymore. After the emperor's grand display, everyone learned the multi-purpose value of cultivation.

"Everyone will learn offensive, movement, defensive, and minor healing techniques in addition to foundational cultivation.

While a normal faction would mandate its members to spend years slaving for the faction to earn techniques, everyone here shall receive earth-grade techniques of every variety."

Immortal Skye's members were shocked by his statement. While billionaires spent their fortunes obtaining two earth-grade techniques, Kaze offered everyone five for free.

Kaze scoffed at their silence and sarcastically clapped a few times to snap everyone out of their daze. Another person joined in, and soon, the area exploded again.

"There you go." He chuckled sarcastically, flashing everyone a cheeky smile beneath his false [frustration].

"You're at Immortal Skye. We're the wealthiest and most powerful sector in the entire world!"

In truth, factions usually only had fifty to two hundred techniques of any grade to provide their students. Fewer of the higher ends and only one or two of the highest ranks.

Since their students would remain with them for centuries and work to provide income, the techniques were strictly guarded and defended to encourage long-term patronage.

Kaze didn't have any of the issues faced by factions. He had an encyclopedia of techniques he acquired over five thousand years and through his collection as emperor.

He only had to look at a scroll for a second to memorize it forever. As a result, he had thousands of techniques he never used that he could call upon whenever.

Lastly, he had techniques that had no business being in the first four planes. There was no limitation to how far individuals could climb without reaching him.

The emperor needed power fast and would provide everyone with sky-grade techniques if they could handle them.

He wanted everyone to be prepared for the impending battle against Sky Plane beings and the impending war against the cultivators he planned to wage in five months.

"There is no limit to your growth here at Immortal Skye." Kaze declared boldly, "Prove yourself competent, and I shall bestow upon you power beyond your imagination."

The amphitheater exploded in euphoric cheers and screams of excitement and thrill.

"Now, let's talk about the breakdown of your duties and learning in the faction." He continued.

"First, 43 cultivation technique scrolls are posted across this campus.

Your first goal is to find one and make progress in it by tomorrow. That doesn't mean to imply that you can cultivate it; you need only make progress toward it.

Your talent will determine your placement in the faction and will be tested in various ways over the next three days."

Everyone calmed down, nervous about their first task.

"Naturally, the talented will have a higher standing in this faction. Such is the way of life." Kaze explained.

"However, you may find that there are cases where helping people bring out their potential is the key to success.

That's a rare option when resources are scarce. However, since resources are free, there are no bars here preventing your growth or aiding others.

To that end, I will administer swift punishment to those who deny others the opportunity to prove themselves.

Removing the scrolls from the location, stalking, interrupting people cultivating, and the like is prohibited.

Such behavior is a declaration of one's ineptitude and merited insecurities. I seek talent, not inept swine that conceal their ineptitude by depriving the future strong of opportunities.

While the world is cruel and unforgiving, and the strong swallow the weak, I am the strong and what I say goes.

And I say everyone here has an opportunity to showcase their talent before talent can take root!"

The audience exploded into vibrant cheers. Those deprived of opportunities to showcase their talents were the most enthusiastic, while many were wallowing in their increased insecurities.

"Everyone here already has a role. You're working in the kitchens, cleaning, and doing other administration duties." Kaze continued.

"As promised, only people that have learned Illuminecent Breathing will be here in two weeks.

That means that your roles will continue. However, everyone will have new roles depending upon their usefulness in three days' time.

We will hand out the skills questionnaire again. Before you put ink to it, look around you."

Kaze panned the area, craning his neck to see everyone's face. The message was that bodies were abundant.

"There are countless people that are fighting for the same roles.

As a result, only putting down the roles that you [want] will result in getting placed into a menial role if the ideal roles are filled.

So put down your three best skills first, and then sign up for roles that align with what you're good at.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Otherwise, you better hope that you're talented."

Kaze smiled, and people chuckled nervously.

"As mentioned, cultivation is inextricably tied with military operations." He continued.

"Over a thousand military personnel will be in and out of this faction over the next few weeks.

Do not interact with them. I repeat, do not interact with military members, even if they are learning cultivation with you. That's an order."

Confused whispers rippled through the crowd, uncertain of his message.

Naturally, Kaze didn't want anyone to leak information about the outside's condition to the faction members.

Therefore, it was one of his requests to General Michaels after the meeting.

Unlike the rich college students that espouse the virtues of freedom of speech and freedom, soldiers would listen to orders.

"Lastly, and most importantly, the mission of Immortal Skye is to enjoy life." He said with a mysterious smile, drawing everyone's attention back to him.

"There are pools, recreation equipment, pool tables, fire pits, and even godforsaken karaoke setups. Have fun."

Kaze quickly panned the audience with a slight smile. "That's an order!"

The amphitheater exploded in battle cries and wild cheers.