Evalyn looked at Doctor Miser, the nurse, and the soldiers. The four men were liabilities, and the woman was both a liability and a casualty.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Kaze's words resounded in her head.

—

"The world is simpler now. Don't help people; if you're forced to act, don't leave witnesses."

—

She swallowed and prepared to act but froze when she saw Doctor Miser's arm. It had frostbite developing on it.

The blonde realized something horrifying: everyone would know who attacked the doctor.

Worse, he was the man who signed the paperwork.

She processed the situation in slow motion. Her mind was racing at lightning speed, figuring out which course to take.

Evalyn only broke from her haze when she heard three nurses running down the hall.

A horrifying thought passed through her mind.

If she were to kill everyone and not leave witnesses, she'd have to kill everyone she saw.

—

"Hoh? I did, Evalyn. You're watching the result of my [generosity].

Just like the other [eight people] people that died because of my [benevolent] actions."

—

A minimum of eight people needed to die because she saved the woman.

Evalyn didn't regret her action. Kaze did the same and would always do so. The difference was that he was better at hiding his actions. It was a matter of experience.

Three seconds.

That's how long she had left to decide whether to bury witnesses.

Her eyes snapped open.

"Soldiers! Ray's turned!" Evalyn yelled at full volume.

"What the fuck are you talking about!?" Ray roared in anger.

"Take his gun before he shoots people!" She yelled.

The footsteps in the hall stopped. Then the sounds became distant as they ran in the opposite direction.

Vince and Palmer processed the situation instantly, watching her eyes trail away.

Ray didn't. He immediately lunged forward, and she held him back.

"Help get this man off me!" Evalyn yelled, "He killed Doctor Miser. WE NEED HELP IN HERE!"

The orderlies in the area froze with fear.

"You fucking cunt! Don't you blame—"

Evalyn picked Ray up and forced his boot down on Doctor Miser's head.

Craaaack!

More blood gushed out of the doctor's skull, soaking the man's boot. When she released him, the previously weakened skull had a boot indent.

The other soldiers tried to run but found themselves surrounded by icy blades.

"W-Why they fuck you are doing this!?" Ray asked in fear.

"Because you're holding my mom hostage." Evalyn growled in disgust, "And you have bloodlust in your eyes. I'm not bringing you back to make false claims against me or threaten my mom."

"T-The man's frozen. They won't believe—ahhhhhHHHHH!"

Ray screamed in pain as his arm froze solid, instantly giving him frostbite.

The man's eyes trembled as Kaze's words came from her mouth.

"That's funny, I see your boot print in his skull and the mark from where I froze you to release the man when you tried killing him." Evalyn mused.

The soldier's eyes shook in horror at her malicious gaze.

"Unlike you, I have real criminal evidence against you. Case closed." She chuckled murderously.

"You're fucked, Ray. However, I'm too gentle for my own good. So I'll spare your life if you play the fool, admitting to the murder.

That's the price for threatening to kill my mom."

"I-I'll do it." Ray stuttered.

Evalyn turned to the soldiers. "I'll spare this man's life. However, I [courteously] ask that you testify to the staff that this scumbag murdered that pig."

She moved her daggers to the opposite side of the doctor. Their tips tickled the men's spines.

Another dagger materialized on the nurse's neck, warning her as well.

Everyone immediately nodded.

"I-I saw him grab the man." Vince swallowed.

"And I saw him smash his heel into his head." Palmer said with cold sweat dripping down his back.

"Thank you, gentlemen. Now then, monkey. Dance." Evalyn said with a venomous smile.

"Start yelling, telling me to fuck off and that you don't regret killing that man. Now!"

Ray gulped and choked down tears, preparing himself.

"The soldier's restrained! We need doctors on the scene! The head doctor is dying!" She yelled at full volume.

Nervous nurses peeked around the corner and saw the man in Evalyn's arms.

"You sicken me!" The blonde yelled while slapping the man, "I can't believe you'd kill one of the most valuable resources we have!"

"Fuck you!" Ray yelled with tears rolling down his eyes, "That man was scum! I'll never regret it!"

Evalyn punched the man in the head, knocking him out in front of the witnesses, and pinned his throat against the wall.

Without anyone seeing, she froze her fingertips, permanently damaging his throat. With any luck, he wouldn't be able to speak when he awoke.

"What the hell are you doing!?" She screamed to the nurses, "This doctor has a cracked skull from this monster's boot! He also has frostbite from when I got this man off him!"

The nurses trembled and nodded.

"We need a doctor on the scene!" A blonde with ragged green scrubs yelled, "We've lost the lead doctor! We need help!"

More people showed up immediately. The brunette female doctor quickly assessed the doctor's condition. "He's dead. Please take him away."

The nurses nodded, lifted him to the stretcher, and rolled him away.

"I'm Doctor Lock." The doctor said.

"Evalyn Skye." Evalyn replied courteously.

The doctor glanced at the man who was knocked out in her hand. "What happened?"

"This soldier turned and tried assaulting the woman." Evalyn scoffed with contempt in her eyes.

Doctor Lock's eyes trembled. So far, the people who went crazy weren't sexually aggressive. So the idea spread a wave of fear running through her body.

She looked down at the nurse, who swallowed and nodded. "T-Thankfully, she saved me."

"Doctor Miser ran to her aid immediately." Evalyn continued.

"This soldier grabbed the man's arm, so I used my cultivation technique to freeze his arm, releasing him and the woman immediately.

Unfortunately, he became erratic and hit Doctor Miser, making him fall to the floor.

I couldn't use my ice to attack this man because he was beside the doctor.

So I ran up. Unfortunately, this soldier started stomping the doctor's skull."

Doctor Lock closed her eyes with a beating heart, and light tears welled in her eyes. Her stress was palpable from the minute she arrived. Now, she looked on the verge of a breakdown.

"I was able to restrain him immediately after, and that's when I called the nurses." Evalyn explained.

"They can attest to the man's mental state of mind and corroborate the man's actions."

The doctor looked at the soldiers, who had blades gliding up and down their spines.

"It was horrifying." Palmer said nervously.

"I never thought that one of us would turn like this." Vince nodded.

Their words only solidified the doctor's fear.

"There's no need to justify your actions." Doctor Lock said while looking into the blonde's vivid blue eyes, "I cannot thank you enough."

"I'm glad that I was here and could help." Evalyn replied with a nod.

"Is there anything I can do for you?" The doctor asked, "I can't do much, but a soldier would've been dangerous, especially one who tries to assault people. So we're grateful."

Evalyn nodded and pulled out the release document for her mom.

"I'm here because my mom is admitted to the hospital." She said, "I've helped clear every ward. I'd like to have her release preprocessed for when I show up in ten minutes."

Doctor Lock looked at the paper in confusion. "This is a simple discharge notice. She can leave at any time without our aid."

Evalyn's eyes trembled. She needed to constrain herself not to show her bloodlust.

Doctor Miser never intended to let her mom leave. The soldiers would wait for someone to give them the order to discharge her mother, and no one would arrive.

No doctor had no reason to get involved.

"Doctor Lock, if that's the case, will you come with me to get my mother discharged?" Evalyn asked with cold eyes.

"The soldiers are waiting for someone to discharge my mother, but no one will arrive. There was confusion, so I'll need you to come with me to get her."