Kaze headed to a wooded area past the mansions. When he saw his business partner, he gave him an icy glare.

"H-Hello, Kaze." Daniel said with nervousness in his sky-blue eyes, "The soonest that I can get you to—"

"Are you a drunkard?" Kaze scoffed angrily, "What did I tell you about—No, don't answer that; just show me the warehouse."

The man swallowed nervously in acceptance. "Right this way."

There was a skycruiser hanger on the other side of the wooden area. It was a large grey building with a metal door that locked.

Daniel unlocked the heavy metal door with a physical key and led the emperor in.

When Kaze looked into the area, he nodded in satisfaction. There were shelves fifteen feet high with bulk food supplies, dry goods, and living necessities.

Enough to last three months lined the shelves if they ate three meals daily, but he didn't plan to let that happen.

After the full breakdown of society, they'd ration it for longer as they acquired more food.

"You did well, Daniel." Kaze said calmly.

The man gulped. "I'm glad I could help."

The emperor nodded and touched the man on the forehead without warning, transferring the Fertility of Growth technique to him.

Daniel's jaw dropped to the floor when he got a reward out of the blue.

The profound information imprinted on his brain left him with more cultivation nuance than before, now that he could compare the two techniques.

"Listen, Daniel." Kaze said calmly, waving his hand to create a dome of warping space around them. The man had seen it multiple times, so he wasn't phased.

"You're doing well. I'm a generous man to those who help me.

Fulfill all my requests with prudence—without question—and your trusted hirelings and family will become permanent members.

Unless it's a public outing, everything I ask you to do should be done with secrecy, especially if it involves something outside these walls.

Only tell people something when absolutely necessary or unless I ask. If I don't, assume everything is going according to schedule."

The man's eyes welled with light tears, but he kept a stoic facial expression.

"Of course." He said, "I'll fulfill all of your requests with haste and discretion."

Kaze nodded in satisfaction. He didn't want the government to have information on his movements or supplies at this critical juncture.

The emperor refused to give the government weak points to exploit.

"Now take me to the mansion." Kaze ordered.

Daniel nodded in assent. "Of course, right this way."

The two men walked through the woods and then down a perfectly paved sidewalk around the large lake on the campus before approaching a discreet gated mansion in the back.

It was a home owned by a reclusive billionaire before Kaze bought the building out.

As a result, it had a long driveway on a multi-acre front lawn filled with trees.

The mansion was white with red trim around the windows and on the roof. It had large marble pillars on the doorway entrance, making it look pretentious.

Daniel unlocked the door, let the emperor into the home, led him downstairs, and unlocked the area. When they walked in, pandemonium broke out.

"Kaze! What the fuck is going on?" Sage, the finance major with red hair in a tight ponytail, snapped.

"Kaze, I'm equally confused." Kylie, the brunette cheerleader with wave neck-length hair.

"Calm down, everyone." Brad, the blonde athlete in his Microbiology class that he tested at the party, requested calmly.

"Fuck off, Brad." Sage snapped.

"Are you children?" Kaze scoffed loudly.

Everyone turned to him, falling silent. There were 63 students from the apocalypse party in the room of the original hundred.

"You saw what happened, yes?" The emperor asked.

"Yeah, you gave everyone a sketchy technique, and then people started killing each other!" A man snapped.

Kaze cocked his head to the left and scoffed in disbelief.

"Has the scene left your mind rabid?" He asked coldly.

"Look around you, you buffoon. Everyone I gave that technique to is sane; those who didn't get it went mad. Yet you act as if I've wronged you?"

Everyone's eyes trembled in shock and confusion.

"Trusting your intentions is difficult, Kaze." Victoria, the black-haired woman to whom Jake lost his virginity, asserted.

"Skycruisers with armed men showed up after that crazy scene, flew us here with bags over our heads, and locked us in this basement.

We don't even know where we are; will you tell us that?"

"Basement?" Kaze scoffed, looking around at the large living room and the hallways with dozens of rooms with bunk beds. It had multiple high-class recreation areas, a gym, pools, and bathrooms.

Everyone followed his gaze and gave him wry smiles.

"You're at Immortal Skye; I'll be teaching you cultivation once a day between meals." Kaze replied in annoyance.

"W-We're at Immortal Skye?" Sammy, the brunette from Evalyn's tennis team that hosted the party, asked in confusion.

"Yes, that's what you wanted, yes?" He asked sarcastically.

"You were brought here in secret to prevent its location from being leaked; that's also why phones are not permissible on campus.

Everyone is temporarily restrained to this ward of the mansion to prevent destabilization of the faction.

You'll be free to roam the campus after a week of training. I'll repeat, you'll be free to roam the campus with everyone else after training in one week.

Being here is only temporary.

Until then, you'll learn cultivation, you'll have three prepared meals a day, there are beds for everyone, a gym, a hot tub, a pool, and other recreational equipment here.

You're on the bottom floor of an eighty-million-dollar mansion. This can hardly be called a [basement]."

Many of the students buzzed with excitement, and many more whispered, concerned.

"Listen and listen closely. You will follow some rules in the week or two you're in this mansion." Kaze declared.

"First, you're not to leave this downstairs area for any reason.

Second, you're not to leave this downstairs area for any reason.

There will be severe consequences if you do not follow rule one or two."

"Consequences…." Kylie whispered in fear.

"For the women's safety, you're not to sleep with anyone." Kaze continued, ignoring the woman.

"You're only going to be here for a week. So you can manage."

Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Everyone looked at him in shock, especially Sage. He had the reputation of a playboy, so people were surprised.

"Three, you will not physically assault anyone." He ordered, "Break any of these rules, and you'll receive appropriate punishment."

The room fell silent in disbelief.

"So we are locked down here?" A woman asked, "That's extremely creepy! I want to go home!"

"Me too!" A man yelled.

They tried walking past Kaze, but a violent wave of pressure assaulted the room, dropping everyone to their knees.

"Rule number one and two; you're not to leave the lower floor of this mansion for any reason." The emperor said coldly.

"This is your one and only warning. I planned to start teaching you cultivation today, but I have something important to do, so I'll be back tomorrow. You can ask me more useless questions then."

Before he could walk out the door, Victoria called out.

"Where's Jake?" She asked nervously.

"Jake's going through training." Kaze replied, "He'll be here the day after tomorrow to help smooth the transition."

"Why are you doing this?" Sage asked.

"No one asked a productive question when I asked, now I'm leaving, and you're asking?" He scoffed in exasperation.

"I-I'm sorry." She replied, "I just need to know."

Kaze closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

"I'm helping you. Trust me; you don't want to be outside this room." He said calmly.

"While it looks peaceful, it's anything but. You'll soon thank me; until then, you have beds, showers, a hot tub, a gym, and rules to ensure your safety.

You'll be in here for a week. So stop acting like you're chained to the walls and enjoy yourselves."

Without further warning, he walked out of the room, locked the steel door, climbed the stairs, and left the mansion.