Doctor Lock looked at Evalyn in confusion. "Communication error? I'm confused about what's happening."

"The soldiers [protecting] my mom, while I'm helping clear these wards, are awaiting a hospital official to release my mother.

However, with a discharge, no one is coming. So the soldiers won't release her, and I need a hospital management member to get her released."

The doctor looked at the soldiers and then back to Evalyn with trembling eyes. "Y-You want me to give an order to soldiers?"

"Correct." Evalyn replied without blinking.

"I'm sorry, but I don't want to get involved with soldiers." Doctor Lock said nervously.

"A doctor gave them the order to hold my mother captive to make me fight here under government orders." The blonde said coldly.

"Trust me, Doctor Lock. I don't want to deal with them, either.

However, the soldiers are awaiting a doctor now that my eight hours have passed, so they'll expect you.

I've done my time here under law, and now I need my mother released."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Doctor Lock swallowed nervously. "B-But I can't leave my ward unattended with these demons running around. At this point, the doctors are just healing the nurses."

Evalyn frowned. "I've incapacitated all the people in this ward showing Qi sickness. This incident was a rare exception. So considering I've helped your entire ward, you can help me, yes?"

The doctor saw the deadly glint in the blonde's eyes.

"Very well. I'll help release your mother." Doctor Lock said meekly.

"Thank you. I hope you don't trick me like the last doctor." Evalyn said while ripping the document from the doctor's hands, preventing her from seeing Doctor Miser's signature.

Everyone gave each other awkward glances.

"Okay, we'll go." Doctor Lock said, "But first, what are you doing with that man?"

Evalyn looked down and realized that she had forgotten Ray was still in her hands.

A wave of anxiety washed over her when she realized she had to do something with the man, who was a liability.

"What do you think we should do with someone this dangerous?" The blonde asked the soldiers.

Their eyes filled with agony. They also didn't know what to do with the man.

"No one wants to kill this man." She said while turning back to the doctor.

"Do you have a place where we can hold him? I'll freeze his body so he can't move or bite anyone."

The soldier's eyes filled with horror.

"Yes…." Doctor Lock said while closing her eyes, "Follow me."

The doctor led Evalyn and the soldiers to a waiting room guarded by five soldiers. Angry yells and screams broke the sound barrier from beyond the door.

"Please add this man to the ranks, Randolph." Doctor Lock said, pointing to Ray.

"Yes, mam." A bearded soldier laden in camo replied while reaching out his hands.

Evalyn unloaded the man. When she did, she looked inside the window of the waiting area behind the door, and her eyes widened in shock.

"Don't look in there, miss." Randolph said, "It's bad enough that we have to."

Countless mad patients, soldiers, and medical personnel were running around, and the corpses of staff personnel and soldiers lay on the ground—getting beaten mercilessly.

They were dead, but the crazed people still kicked and stomped them, yelling relentlessly.

A woman pounded against the glass, triggering the guards to aim their guns at her.

"LET ME OUT! PLEASE, I'M NOT INSANE!" The redhead screamed with terror in her bloodshot eyes. Her voice barely exceeded the screams and yells in the background.

"We just told you we didn't believe you four minutes ago. So back away from the glass!" A soldier yelled.

"L-Listen! I'm not insane!" She stuttered, moving away, "Doctor Miser found me annoying and threw me in here!"

"I said, move away from the glass. MOVE!" He barked.

"Move aside." Evalyn said coldly, walking up to the door.

The soldiers tried to stop her, but she released some pressure, something she was getting the hang of through trial and error. Everyone immediately dropped to their knees.

Evalyn had spent over six hours showcasing her cultivation to the hospital members and soldiers. Hiding it was irrelevant.

Instead, she chose an alternative approach—showcasing overwhelming strength so no one would challenge her.

Since Evalyn wouldn't get help getting her mother out and couldn't protect the woman omnidirectionally from bullets, she needed another approach to help them escape.

Randolph moved aside, handing her Ray.

The blonde closed her eyes. Killing people wasn't easy, so she spent over six hours reading people's Qi and freezing their arms and legs to prevent doing it.

She accidently killed a man the first night and killed Doctor Miser to prevent the need for stacking eight bodies before running off to stack more.

Ray was different. Surprisingly enough, he had a basic cultivation technique, so he wasn't bound to get the sickness.

His personality was naturally derisive and was highly stressed—she knew that. Therefore, she was actively killing a non-sick human.

"He threatened your mom and held her hostage." Evalyn whispered under her breath as she moved to the door.

"M-Miss…. You believe me, right?" The nurse, laden in pink scrubs, asked with trembling eyes and disheveled red hair.

"I do." Evalyn said solemnly, "However, you'll have Qi Sickness by morning because your meridians are weak. So letting you out would endanger others."

"Wait, you can tell?" Randolph asked with narrowed eyes.

The blonde turned to the man with an icy glare that made his heart stop for a moment.

However, she gave him a sinister smile while dramatically looking up and down his body.

"Yes, I can see people breathing Qi, and when they're not. Do you want to know if you'll get Qi Sickness?" Evalyn mused.

The soldier's eyes trembled in shock. "U-Um…."

"I want to know if he will." Doctor Lock whispered.

Evalyn turned to her. "I'll tell you, but I'll also release whether you'll get it."

The doctor's eyes widened in horror.

"Anyone interested?" The blonde asked with a wide smile.

"I'm glad to start a Salem Witch Hunt. I'll tell a soldier, they'll panic and shoot people, people will shoot him, everyone will panic, this door will shoot open in confusion, and everyone will die."

Everyone looked at her in horror.

"Didn't think so." Evalyn scoffed in vexation, "So stop turning to me to solve all your problems, or I'll kill all of you."

The soldiers tried to react, but she released her cultivation base again—the best she could. With a divine technique, it was more than enough to bring people to their knees.

"Move." She demanded coldly, releasing the pressure.

Everyone took a deep breath and scurried away.

"You two." Evalyn said, glaring at Palmer and Vince with lethal eyes, "Stay put."

Both nodded without hesitation. They watched her incapacitate people from a distance and now knew she wasn't above killing "innocent" people.

The blonde walked up to the door.

"M-Miss, I'm begging you." The nurse on the other side of the glass said.

Then the memory of Kaze beheading the college student passed into her head.

The woman before her couldn't be saved, but she could be saved from a barbaric fate. As for Ray, he was holding her mom hostage and was still a threat to her life.

Evalyn took a deep breath. She finally accepted the nature of the new world; even if only a little. So she opened the door with a determined expression.

"Oh, thank god!" The nurse cried, trying to push through. However, the blonde immediately picked her up and threw her out of the way.

Then she threw Ray into the room, in the center of the horde of angry people.

"They're not living anymore." Evalyn whispered while raising her hand. "[Razor Flurry]."

Thousands of shards of glass-like ice shot through the area. The room dyed red as a gruesome amount of blood exploded from the people inside.

The soldiers had seen cultivators and watched videos online. However, they had never seen such a raw demonstration of power.

Blood gushed toward the nurse she threw out of the way before attacking, and the woman quickly jumped onto her chair to avoid it.

"It's messy. However, you're saved from a barbaric death." Evalyn said calmly.

"I pray you get the sickness sooner than later, so you can have a painless end."

Without warning, she turned around and shut the door to meet the stunned people in the room.

"Doctor Lock." Evalyn said coldly, hiding the sweat dripping down her back from early stage Qi deprivation. She put on a strong front to not show weakness.

"I've spent eight hours fixing your problems. The hospital is safer now than before.

Despite that, my mother is being held hostage at gunpoint. So come with me to release her because my patience is wearing thin."

Doctor Lock's eyes trembled alongside the soldiers and other staff members.

After what she had just seen, they realized that whoever forced Evalyn to fight had no idea who they were messing with.

"Y-Yes. Let's go." The doctor whispered.